 Authors Note: Thanks again to SlaveGirl70 for her editing skills. It's not until you see the changes that you realise just how bad your grammar can be! This is part 2 to my first story; however I have tried to adjust the style to be more of a story. 

As always constructive feedback is welcome, and please don't forget to rate it if you like it!

I hope you enjoy. 

*****

My wife and I returned to our room with a satisfied feeling running through us, it had been our first time with another couple, completely unplanned yet extremely welcome. Like a lot of couples, we had fantasised about this kind of thing but it never got outside the bedroom before. 

As we got a bath and discussed what had happened, we found that we were both OK with it-in fact, more than OK with it-and were both looking forward to what the night might hold in store for us. As we started discussing the details, what it was like to be with another couple and what we might do later, our hands started to wander and before long Tabitha had my hardness in her hand and was slowly wanking me under the bubbles of the bath. While I had a finger buried deep inside her, she described what it felt like to be filled at both ends. Our discussion died off amongst the moans of pleasure we were causing each other. Before long she climbed over my hips and slid herself down onto my cock so that while she was up high her pussy just broke the surface of the water, creating a suction that ran up and down my cock every time she lifted. Even after the events at the pool it wasn't long before I was shooting deep within her again as Tabitha also came.

By the time we got out of the bathroom it was approaching 6 o'clock, so we started to get ready for the evening. I wore my usual short sleeve black shirt and tight trousers, however I figured tonight was probably a commando night so left my boxers in the drawer. Tabitha dressed in a strappy, 1940's style dress that showed off her stocking covered legs very nicely, stopping just above mid-thigh. The neckline plunged down showing her magnificent cleavage off to its full potential and left no doubt as to the lack of a bra. The back of the dress came down almost to the top of her pert behind, again showing that no bra was needed, and if looking carefully, you could also tell that she was commando this evening as well.

At bang on seven, there was a knock at the door. I opened it just as my wife was putting the last of her makeup on and invited Mark and Jade in. Mark was dressed in casual trousers with an open shirt over a t-shirt, while Jade showed off her assets just as well as Tabitha in a knee-length, flowing dress of a deep navy blue colour, her hair down and running over her back in waves.

As the girls started a whispered conversation in the corner, Mark and I opened up the champagne that they brought with them to drink while discussing some options for the evening. The idea that seemed to draw everyone's attention, especially the girls', was a trip into the city to a local nightclub after dinner, as Mark heard there would be a Drum and Bass night. We all agreed this seemed to be the best plan for the evening.

Tabby finished her makeup with red lipstick to match her dress in a 1940's look with her hair in a side bun, looking for all the world like she was about to step out on stage and do a swing number. As we left our room, Mark offered her his elbow, which after a moment's pause, she took hold of with a smile. I double checked the room before closing the door and turned around to find Jade looking straight at me. "Well, it looks like you're with me," she said, putting her arm through mine and resting her other hand on top of my arm as we headed off after Mark and my wife.

The conversation was slightly stilted to start with as we made our way downstairs, mainly because Tabitha and I were still a bit nervous with the situation, but if I read my wife right it seemed she was also very excited about it. Mark and Jade seemed to sense this, and to put us at ease started talking about their lives and asking questions about ours. 

It seemed that like Tabitha, Jade was a full time mum. They were also celebrating their anniversary with a weekend away. Mark works in the city as an IT tech to one of the banks (which got him a bit of ribbing from all of us). All the time we were talking, my wife had hold of Mark's arm and Jade had hold of mine, so close I could feel the side of her breast brush against my bare arm as she held it closer than really necessary.

We were shown to our table by the Maître d' and sat around it boy, girl, boy, girl. I felt a very fortunate man indeed to have two such beautiful ladies sitting on either side of me, and it took nearly all my self-control to not focus on the four gorgeous breasts surrounding me. Judging by the furtive glances Mark was making, I would have to guess he was in the same predicament as well. 

As the dinner progressed, the conversation continued along more mundane lines like favourite shops, TV and film, the usual dinner party-style small talk. By the time the dessert arrived, we were all chatting like old friends and the nervousness from earlier seemed a faint memory. 

After the waiter cleared the final plates away, Jade turned and asked, "So was it your first time, this afternoon?" Our nervousness reappeared in an instant.

"Yes, for both of us," I replied, a little uneasily, "although I know Tabitha has been with other women before now, I don't think either of us have ever been in a group before." 

"No," added Tabitha, "that was a new one for me, although a very nice new one," she said smiling coyly, which prompted a cute little giggle out of Jade.

"What about you guys?" Tabitha asked, "Have you ever done this before?"

"Once or twice, when we see someone we like the look of," answered Mark. "Although never at home, always while staying away."

"And it's led to some of the best sex of our lives," added Jade, with a cheeky wink at my wife.

"We saw the two of you going down to the pool and thought we would take a chance, so we got changed and followed you down," Mark explained. 

"When we saw you go into the sauna we figured we would give you a moment or two to get settled, then thought we would join you," continued Jade. "And can I just say how unbelievably hot it was watching you come on those jets in the hot tub while he held you?" she said, giving a sexy little shiver at the same time, which instantly sents a jolt through my already half hard cock. The comment made Tabitha blush a little and brought a cheeky little smile to her face.

Changing the subject slightly, I mentioned that it had been a long time since we had had the opportunity to go out clubbing and we were looking forward to it.

As we left the restaurant Mark picked up the tab, explaining he had just received his bonus and that it was his pleasure to buy us dinner. As we moved through to the bar I stopped at reception and asked them to order a taxi for us before joining the others for a drink.

As I approached the bar, Mark was talking to the barmaid, presumably ordering drinks, while Jade was chatting with Tabitha at a table in the corner, each of them making occasional touches to either hands or knees. I joined Mark at the bar just as the barmaid turned to start getting the drinks together.

"I hope you don't mind but Tabitha said you drank whisky and coke, so I ordered you a double," he said, turning to me.

"That's fine, thanks, but you got dinner so let me get these. The taxi will be about twenty minutes the porter said, should give us plenty of time. So what do you think they are giggling about then?" I asked, indicating the girls in the corner.

"Knowing Jade, they are probably comparing us." Mark answered.

"Well, from what I saw back in the sauna, I don't think either of us have too much to worry about then!" I said jokingly.

"Shall we join them and find out?" He suggested as the barmaid returned with our cocktails and two white wines for the ladies.

As we approached the table the girls looked up, giving each of us in turn a look that would make a stripper blush.

"How long?" Jade asked me as I sat down with my drink, Tabitha on my left and Jade on the right. Mark sat opposite me, likewise bracketed by the two stunners.

"About fifteen to twenty," I replied.

"So Jade was telling me that this was their first time with another couple, they have only had threesomes before," my wife informed me.

"Really?" I asked. "But I thought you said you often did this while away?"

"Well yes, but never with another couple before, it has always been either one man or one woman," she explained, "so this is still a bit new to us as well."

She went on to explain how they first found themselves being seduced by a lady at another hotel, who, it seemed, flirted incessantly with both of them until they caved and all went back to her room. 

"That is when I learned how to go down on a woman for the first time, but certainly not the last!" Jade told us excitedly. "I found that I really liked it, the taste, the feel and the knowledge that I could bring her off with just my fingers and tongue."

"I know," said Tabitha, "that moment when you can go either way. This afternoon was my first taste of another woman in at least 20 years, but god was it good!"

"Hmm...it certainly was," agreed Jade as she finished her drink and took hold of my wife's hand, rubbing the back of it with her thumb.

Just then the hotel porter came over to inform us that our cab had arrived. The rest of us finished our drinks and headed out to the lobby, chatting lightly about our day-to-day lives again, which, let's be honest, as parents usually involved the kids one way or another.

The taxi was one of those executive models you generally find in London and Manchester and seemed somewhat out of place in the country area we were in, but it was comfortable with enough room in the back for three of us to sit. Mark took the front passenger seat while Tabitha sat behind the driver and Jade indicated that I should sit next to my wife in the centre, with Jade sitting on the other side of me. 

It wasn't long before I had one of their hands on each thigh, slowly stroking higher and higher, while my hands explored their legs, one bare and one in nylons. The contrast was striking, yet each alluring in its own way. It was only a matter of time until one or all of us reached the tops of our respective legs and before we knew it we each had hold of something either hard or wet, slowly rubbing or squeezing what we found. Jade it seemed, liked the lacy variety of panties, while I already knew my wife was bare. I had a single finger slowly working in and out of her tight snatch, while the other hand was rubbing up and down the front of Jade's knickers. The girls each had one hand on my covered cock squeezing and stroking it through my tight jeans in concert.

Before we knew it the Taxi arrived at the club, and as we collected ourselves and adjusted our clothes, Mark paid the taxi driver and asked if he would return for us when the club closed at three. He agreed with a big grin, obviously having enjoyed the show in the back.

As we entered the club and went to pay our entrance fee, we could feel the bass in our chests beating out a fast rhythm that told our feet to tap and begged our legs to start moving. It turned out it was ladies night so we were only charged for Mark and me. 

Entering the club, the first thing I noticed, apart from the music, was the amount of ladies here tonight compared to men, a lot of them single but quite a few couples as well. Several of the single ladies gave both Mark and I the once over as we walked to the bar. One or two that had company looked us over as well. The few single men we saw, also watched our walk across the floor but their eyes were most definitely on Jade and Tabitha-who could blame them? In my opinion they were by far the hottest and sexiest ladies there. 

As we settled at the bar to get our drinks, I passed Tabitha and Jade the cocktail menu so they could have a look and see if anything caught their eye. In the end, we chose a pitcher of margaritas to share and made our way to an empty corner booth that had a decent view of one of the dance floors. 

As we settled back into the booth with our respective spouses, we were happy to just sit sipping our drinks and watch the world go by. Occasionally one of us would point out a particularly cute guy or gal and we found ourselves giving them scores based on how much we would like to fuck them or how freaky they might get. So far no one had stood out above any others.

Then Jade spotted a couple of ladies dancing together on the floor, and it was obvious that their dance was turning them both on as they ground their legs together and ran their hands over each other's bodies. It was a hot show, so hot in fact that Tabitha stood up and asked if Jade wanted to dance with her. Of course she said yes and, taking my wife's hand they walked down to the floor and moved into a space not too far from the show still in full flow next to them. 

It would be fair to say that it was a difficult choice deciding whom to watch, our wives grinding against each other or the other two ladies, both were incredible views. After a few tracks both Mark and I decided we had seen enough and went out to join them, Mark went to Jade and I went to Tabby. As we moved across the dance floor, I noticed that the other pair were watching our approach with interest and seemed a little disappointed when we reached our partners. 

Tabitha and I had been dancing for about 10 minutes or so when Mark broke us up saying, "Mind if I cut in? I would love to dance with Tabitha for a bit."

"Sure, be my guest," I said, as my wife took Mark up on the offer by turning around and grinding her barely covered behind into his crotch.

Suddenly, a pair of hands reached around my chest from behind, as I felt Jade starting to writhe against my back in time to the beat. Together we moved to the beat sliding and grinding as it filled all four of us completely and controlled our movements. The two dancers from earlier had moved into the space between us and somehow we found ourselves dancing in a six way symphony of limbs and partners. At one point, both Mark and I had a pussy grinding on each leg and we soon forgot about the rest of the dance floor. I'm sure Tabitha and Jade each danced with the others to similar effect while we all complemented each other's moves.

When the DJ's swapped a little while later, we invited the girls to join us for a drink. Mark and I headed for the bar while Jade and Tabitha went over to our table with our two new friends. It's fair to say we got one or two jealous looks off some of the single blokes as we made our way over to the bar, both of us sporting very wide grins. While waiting our turn at the bar, we talked about our good fortune and the fact we were both now horny as hell and couldn't wait to get back to the hotel. 

However by the time we got served and collected our glasses we had decided to let the girls run the night, as they seemed to be enjoying themselves immensely. When we arrived back at the booth the girls were laughing and joking like old friends, so Mark and I slipped in at either end next to our new friends. The booth was cleverly positioned so that the music was muted just enough for a loud conversation between us all and it soon became apparent what the topics had covered so far, as the red head next to me turned and introduced herself.

"Hi I'm Rachel. So your wife tells me you enjoying giving head," she stated, causing me to nearly spray my drink over Mark opposite me, and laughter to break out among the girls as Mark and I looked at each other, slightly bemused. 

Once the laughter had died out, the blonde next to Mark turned to him and said, "Hi I'm Becky, and I also like giving head." This caused another round of giggles to erupt.

Neither of us knew quite how to answer and in unison turned and introduced ourselves with an embarrassingly stupid, "Erm...hi!" making the girls laugh even harder at our obvious discomfort. 

When they finally stopped laughing, Rachel turned to confide in me, "Sorry about that, but those teasing wives of yours dared us to embarrass you when you got back, and judging by your colour, it looks like we won." She then winked conspiratorially.

Glancing past her to Tabitha for guidance, I caught the glint in her eyes that told me she was feeling particularly naughty, making my head spin at the possibilities. 

I was brought out of my brief reverie by Becky tapping on my shoulder, "Excuse me, I need to pop to the loo, you coming Bex?" she asked her friend opposite as she slid out. 

"Yeah, sure. Excuse me Mark, back in a moment."

Once we slid back in next to our wives, I was about to ask what was going on, but before I could get the words out Tabitha's tongue cut them off. She had one hand on the back of my head, pulling me in for one of the most passionate kisses we had ever shared and as our tongues danced I understood that the night was only just beginning. 

As we parted and looked into each other's eyes I could see the love, lust and passion pouring out of them. So lost in her gaze was I, that I didn't notice when she 'accidentally' knocked her purse of the table.

"Would you mind getting that for me please?" she asked me with a smile dancing around the corner of her lips. 

I was still floating from the kiss as I slid myself under the table to look for the purse. I spotted it once Tabs moved her leg aside. As I picked up the purse I thought I would steal a glance at my wife's bare pussy as payment for the retrieval. Imagine my surprise at seeing two fingers slowly sliding out of it, then moving up to rub circles around her clit before sliding back into her. It didn't take long for me to realise they weren't her fingers. 

Looking around under the table I could see that Jade had Mark's cock in her other hand, slowly jerking it off while Tabitha's hand was also buried between Jade's legs.

Looking back at my wife, I watched as Jade's fingers made their way back up to that little button, and decided I had seen enough. Leaning forwards, I traced her lower lips with the tip of my tongue before moving up to join Jade's fingers on her clit, teasing both at the same time, savouring the familiar flavour of my wife's juices as I sucked Jade's fingers into my mouth, wrapping my tongue around them. Letting them go back to work on Tabitha's clit, I moved back down to the source of the nectar to drink my fill. As I ran my tongue around the entrance to her, by now sopping, cunt, I couldn't help but groan into it and start to stab my tongue in and out like a little cock. 

I was so focused on the feast in front of me that I didn't notice Becky and Rachel return until someone bumped into my back, I looked round just long enough to see Becky take Mark's cock into her throat. 

Looking back threw me off balance just enough to put my left hand behind me and onto Becky's thigh. She wasted no time in grabbing my hand and moving it to her trimmed and wet bare pussy, where she started to use my hand to rub herself. I adjusted just enough to be able to go back to eating my wife out while still having my hand used by Becky. Curling my middle finger, I let her use the movement to slide it in and out of her tight hole while running my tongue around the entrance to my wife's. 

It wasn't long before Rachel's fingers were lifting my face away from Tabitha's pussy and moving it over to hers. As she did so she lifted her leg over my wife's, spreading them both open and putting her hand between my wife's legs. Tabitha's left hand was busy playing with Rachel's clit. I took a few moments to watch my wife play with a nicely trimmed pussy before moving in to kiss and lick her fingers. When she presented them to me I sucked them into my mouth as I had with Jade's and cleaned them of the tantalising taste of Rachel. 
