 I'm a salesman for a paper company based in Oregon. As part of my job, I travel quite a bit around the country. My most recent trip to New Jersey was one I'll never forget.

My flight from Tulsa to Newark airport was delayed because of bad weather in the Northeast. I wouldn't be able to make a connecting flight until the next morning, so I booked a room at the airport hotel in Newark.

I arrived at the hotel around 9:00 and went straight to the lounge for some dinner and a few drinks. I ordered a burger and some vodka and settled in to watch Monday Night Football. There were a few people in the lounge, mostly from Chicago cheering on the Bears. I mainly kept to myself at a small table off to the side of the bar. 

Just before halftime, a young couple walked into the lounge and sat at the table next to mine. They were in their mid twenties or so. They ordered a bottle of champagne and said they were celebrating their 3rd wedding anniversary. She was extremely cute. Great smile. Short brown hair, about 5'2" with small breasts. She was wearing a light sweater and jeans. He was a little taller, about 6 feet or so, but very thin. Good looking couple. I found out their names were Abby and Bill and they lived in Chicago. They were visiting family in Connecticut and were heading home in the morning.

We struck up a nice conversation and had a few more drinks to celebrate their anniversary. The bar was getting loud, so I invited them to sit at my table. 

"So Ed, how often do you travel?" Bill asked.

"I'm away from home about 2 weeks a month. It's not fun, but I've got to put food on the table. My wife's a teacher, so we both need to work."

"Any kids?" Abby asked. 

"None. Maybe someday, but not right now," I replied. 

"I'd like kids someday too. It'll be sure fun trying!" she winked at me, giggled and grabbed Bill's knee.

We ordered another round of drinks, as the rest of the crowd continued getting loud watching the end of the football game on TV. 

Around 11:00 or so, Abby said, "It's getting real loud in here. Why don't we go back to our room and watch the end of the game in peace. We can break into the mini bar!"

Bill jumped in, "come on Ed, it'll be a lot more comfortable up there, and it's a full mini bar."

"Sure, what the hell. These Bears fans are getting out of control anyway." So I paid for the drinks at the bar and we went up to their room.

Bill and Abby were holding hands, kissing and laughing during the walk to their room. I guess the alcohol had gotten to them because they were very physical. Bill would rub her ass while they kissed and they seemed to be having a great time.

When we got to their room, Bill turned on the game, grabbed a few bottles of vodka and some wine from the mini bar.

"I'm going to go change," said Abby, and she went into the bathroom.

Bill fixed our drinks and I sat in the chair opposite the TV.

Abby came out of the bathroom in a white tank top and shorts. She sat on the edge of the bed and crossed her legs. She obviously wasn't wearing a bra as I could see the outline of her nipples through the tank top. It looked like she had small, A cup breasts. Very firm.

She looked over to Bill. "Did you ask him, yet?" she said.

"No, not yet." 

I sat there a bit confused as Abby walked over to the chair and sat in my lap. 

Now, I was a bit nervous, and the alcohol made me a bit flush, but having this adorable woman in my lap made me curious and excited.

"You see," Bill began, "today is our 3rd anniversary. Abby and I wanted to add some spice to our marriage so I agreed to try to fulfill one of her fantasies of adding someone new to our lovemaking. Abby and I were really hoping you might be interested." 

While Bill was explaining their plan, Abby was gently caressing my chest and lightly kissing me on the cheek. Having her on my lap like that and learning about what they wanted to do was making me extremely hard and horny. But at the same time, I was nervous as hell having never done anything like this before. 

Abby slid her hand down to my crotch and whispered in my ear, "I really want you." She began to massage my cock and kiss my neck, ear and face. "Bill, he certainly feels like he's up for it" she said as she rubbed my cock through my jeans.

"What do you say, Ed? It's our anniversary." 

I guess the effects of the alcohol and Abby's encouragement got the best of me and I pulled her lips to mine and gave her a deep kiss. Abby began to moan.

Bill jumped up and came over to the chair and began to gently massage her tits and she went back and forth from kissing me to kissing Bill. I reached around and slid my hand under her tank top and started massaging her nipples. Abby then reached over and took off her shirt and I got to see her small, perky tits. Her nipples were small as well, but both were rock hard and sticking straight out.

Bill leaned over and began sucking on her left tit while I massaged the other one. Abby moaned again and began French kissing me again, rolling her tongue around the inside of my mouth.

After a few minutes, Abby got off my lap and walked over to the bed. "Come on fellas. Let's have some fun."

Bill and I went over to the bed where she began kissing Bill and began to take off his jeans. Bill was a skinny guy, which made his average sized cock seem even bigger. When Bill was naked, Abby reached over to pull my shirt off and started working on my pants. I already had a pre-cum stain on my underwear and I was completely hard.

When all my clothes were off, I began to slide off Abby's shorts. I was thrilled to see she had a completely shaved pussy. Abby lay back on the bed and Bill immediately knelt in front of her pussy and began to lick. He started licking around the sides and slowly lapped up the inside of her cunt. I could see her pressing her hips forward towards Bills eager tongue. I leaned over and began to suck her tits again while she reached over and started caressing my cock.

"I want you in my mouth" she moaned so I slid around and put my cock up near her head. She started licking my balls and slowly took the head of my dick deep into her mouth. She was intermittently licking the shaft and sucking on the very tip and licking it with her tongue. It was driving me crazy.

While she was sucking my cock, Bill crawled up to her face and she gave him a deep, hard kiss, tasting the combination of my pre-cum and her own pussy juices from Bills tongue. She went back and forth between kissing Bill and sucking my cock.

"Get over on your back Ed," she said to me. "It's your turn to suck my pussy." 

So I flipped over on the bed and she straddled my face and put her shaved pussy above my nose and continued to suck my cock. I immediately drove my tongue as deep as I could go into her pussy lips. She was incredibly wet already from the eating out that Bill had already given her. While I was anxiously lapping up her pussy juices, she continued to suck my cock deep into her throat. I wasn't sure how much longer I could hold out without blowing a wad of cum into her mouth. 

"I want you to fuck me Bill," she moaned. "Now. Right now! I'm going to cum."

Bill jumped up behind her and placed his dick into her wet cunt right above my face. Abby began to moan and move back toward him while Bill rammed his dick inside her. I got lost in the moment and continued to lick her pussy, even while Bill was fucking her. I was licking the shaft of his dick and the sides of her pussy lips as he went in and out of her. She was starting to buck and I could tell she was about to cum. 

"I'm gonna cum baby," Bill screamed as he drove his dick deep inside her. Abby continued to suck hard on my dick as I licked and sucked her pussy. I couldn't last any longer and felt an explosion of my own cum shooting deep into Abby's throat.

Abby continued to moan as she lapped up my cum and she and Bill began to orgasm together. Abby was panting while Bill jammed his cock deep inside her. I continued to lick her pussy as Bill shot loads of cum up into her cunt. For some reason, I couldn't get enough of the both of them. I tasted Bills cum and Abby's juices as they smeared all over my face. Bill finally pulled his cock out of Abby's cunt and dripped some more cum into my mouth.

Abby got off her knees, totally spent and leaned over and began kissing me and licking the remaining cum and pussy juice off my lips and face. 

Then she calmly said, "Ed, thanks for a great anniversary present."