 Jess pulled away from my neck, which she had been biting.

"I tell you what," she said, looking at me with her large blue eyes. "We have a little proposal to make."

"Oh yeah?" I said, grabbing her right breast and squeezing, firmly pinching the nipple.

"Well, we had this idea a while ago, and since we've met you we thought you would be perfect for it."

Alex popped his head up, my cock coming out of his mouth.

"We wanted to get you as horny as we could before we suggested it!" 

They certainly had succeeded: a naked gay boy sat between my legs giving me one of the best blowjobs I'd ever received as I perched on the end of his bed. His neighbor, Jess, whose sexual preferences seemed to be 'nympho', was sat next to me in just her lace panties. Her hands were all over my balls and chest as she bit and sucked my neck. The smell of her feminine hair flooded my nostrils as I squeezed her back.

I had met Alex that semester (detailed in Camping Experimentation) who was the first guy to seduce me. He'd introduced his naughty college buddy to me recently (detailed in College Threesome) and I had ended up in his room after a night of drinking. 

Things had quickly progressed to Jess and I blowing him, then me eating her pussy as he licked my asshole, before him finally giving me head myself.

"Get back to sucking my cock, you little gay slut! Ohh, yeah, like that. What is this plan, Jess?"

"Well, we think it would be really hot, and we've spoken to a couple of friends of ours who would be up for it, if you got sucked off by a load of strangers, completely unaware of it."

"What the fuck are you on about girl? That don't make no sense?"

"OK, well basically, we'd handcuff you to like a chair or something, then- OW!" I'd pinched her nipple real fucking hard. She responded by squeezing my balls. It was actually quite pleasurable - they were full what with Alex's round lips now vigorously going up and down the length of my rock hard cock.

"Then," she resumed "we'd blindfold you and you'd wait. The first person would come in, sit down, suck your cock for two minutes, then leave. Then the next would come in, etc etc."

"But are they men or women?"

"That's the beauty - you have no idea. They could be all girls or all guys, or a mix. Anyway, it's good for you cause you just have the amazing feeling, and it's hot for us cause we, like, get to watch these randos sucking your cock while your completely helpless."

I must admit, it did sound good. With a loud pop Alex withdrew his head from my penis.

"What the fuck, man, I'm nearly there! Finish me!"

"No way - you agree to this first." Jess squeezed my balls again.

"OK OK, just get on with making me cum!"

Alex giggled and lowered his head, wrapping his wet mouth around my shaft once more. His hands caressed my thighs, Jess's on my balls and nipples.

I felt the rush in my chest, the ecstasy, and the amazing sensation in the end of my penis. I squirted, Alex happily glugging down every last drop.

***

So the next Thursday afternoon I found myself sitting in Alex's desk chair in his college room utterly naked, my linp cock lying on my leg. My hands were tied behind me with a pair of fluffy cuffs, and a blindfold was around my eyes. There were some strongly scented candles to prevent the masculine or feminine smells of my suckers helping me figure out their gender.

"OK," I heard Jess say. "This is gonna be so hot!"

"Right, I think we're ready girlfriend," Alex warned. "We're gonna get a text when the first is here. We've told them to come at ten minute intervals, so should be perfect."

Just at that point, I heard his phone buzz. The door slammed, presumably as he went out. Silence.

Two minutes later, the door went again, and I heard Alex say "sit there and go for it."

I felt the presence of someone in front of me. Presumably they were kneeling. Suddenly, my cock was enveloped by a strange mouth. It was limp, and the tongue gave it tingles as it swirled around. I instantly started to firm.

Within twenty seconds, me penis was fully erect. Whoever was in front of me was not starting slowly. They had not let my member out of their mouth since they took it in, and had their lips wrapped rightly around the shaft. 

Their head was going up and down, up and down, up and down. I was getting near an orgasm.

I felt myself stirring, ready to cum. Just as I was about to open my mouth to announce this fact, the feeling stopped. They had let my cock go.

I heard the door slam and realized that that was it - my two minutes was up!

"OK, big guy," said Jess. "Now wait for the next one!"

So I sat there, panting softly. My penis soon shrank, and within another minute or so it was fully limp. I could feel the cold pool of pre cum on my thigh. The room was hot.

Then the door was opened and closed. Another two minutes. It opened and closed again. A second presence was felt it front of me.

I realized that a tongue was very softly making its way down my penis. It snaked from the base up to the top of the head. Then it went down again to the balls, tickling them.

I responded quickly. By the time that the stranger had taken both testicles in their mouth my penis was bobbing up, swaying and gently tapping their ear. It was impossible to tell whether this was a man or woman.

A thought struck me - Alex and Jess had obviously told these people not to use their hands in case I worked out which gender they were.

The tongue went over the base of my penis again, gently kissing my thighs. I moaned. This was just sensational! I felt more pre cum dribbling out.

They kissed my cock and slowly took the head in their mouth. They sucked and sucked at it, before inching their lips down.

Soon my whole member was down their throat. I could feel the warm sides of their mouth all around my penis, and I was in Heaven.

And then - I should have guessed - the feeling stopped short and the door slammed. Once again, I was sat there with my cock softening into the pre cum on my leg.

The standard couple of minutes came and went. I was bored.

"What the fuck's going on? Can I cum soon?"

"Just wait big boy," replied Jess.

"You got one more baby," teased Alex. "They're on their way."

I suspected those two were just tantalizing me.

Five minutes. This time there was a knock. Someone opened the door and in no time my limp penis was in a mouth. They swirled their tongue over.

In about ten seconds, my cock popped out. I felt a funny sensation - it was the mystery blower literally blowing on my little head. It was cold and funny, and I liked it.

They moved onto my balls, blowing all around before licking. These weren't soft licks, but hungry licks up and down, like when you have an ice cream.

I moaned.

"OK OK, I'm cumming!" I said.

"No!" cried Jess. Hold on or you're never getting a blowjob from me again!"

I tried to hold on. The mouth disappeared, only to reattach itself with an icy tingle. They had an ice cube on their tongue! It was like nothing I'd felt before. If you've never felt this, then get it done soon.

Anyway, this was too much. Just as the ice cube had melted completely against my penis, I felt my body tense. Obviously, at this point the mouth went. The cum was almost at the top of my penis and then stopped.

The door slammed.

Fuck! That was my last one.

"Fuck you two! I need to cum!" I shouted.

"Yes yes, don't worry," said Alex, removing my blindfold.

"We want your cum," announced Jess. Phew! I was still rock hard, and the thought of her lips round my shaft was nearly pushing me over the edge.

To my surprise, Jess then opened the door. Alex wheeled me out. What were they doing?

"Hey guys, what the hell, I'm naked!" I protested as they pushed me into the hall of their college dorm. It was empty, but I was chained to a chair with a massive boner.

They just giggled as they both got on their knees. Alex put his hand around my penis and jerked for ten seconds.

Jess then leaned over and took my cock in her pretty little mouth. Alex kissed my thighs and his hands rubbed my chest.

I was nearly there.

Once again I felt myself building. Jess took her right hand and squeezed my balls. Her left hand suddenly went underneath and she stuck a finger straight into my asshole!

This was too much. From my torso to my penis to my ass I was having a sensory overload.

"Ffffuuuuck!" I managed before exploding into her mouth. It spurted a good half a dozen times, and she choked on the quantity of cum.

After it subsided, both gave their tongues to the clean up operation.

I sat in the corridor, panting.

"Fuck."

They looked up at me and chuckled, before wheeling me back in and undoing the cuffs. I'm glad I'd said yes...