 *** Given the response I have gotten on my first tale already I decided to continue sharing my stories and dreams. Please keep telling my what you think.

Since our first meeting had gone so well Tom, Cathy and I decided that we should do this as often as we could. That first night was a thrill that still gets me hard thinking of it, but it wasn't the best either. That said let me share an encounter that I truly relish.

We had met at another hotel one night for another night of fun and games. After the usual chat session over a few cold drinks we headed back to their room and again I was blindfolded at the door. This time was a little different as they put a pair of headphones on with some soft music playing just loud enough to muffle the background noise. I could hear them ok when they directly talked to me, but anything else was just a murmur. I quickly went through my preparations as my anticipation mounted. 

I went back out into the room and was lead to the spot they had chosen to tie me up this time. As I stood there waiting to be positioned as they wanted to use me, warm soft hands began roaming around my cock and balls. A leather cock ring was quickly tightened around my member, causing it to rise up higher as it filled with blood, and to become more of a focus point as my state of horniness rose up too. It was then that I was lead to what seemed to be a chair of some sort that leaned back at an angle. My legs were lifted and tied into a position that gave very open access to my ass and cock and balls. 

With little time wasted a lube was being spread and fingered into my ass. I quickly gave into the feelings and the muscles relaxed quickly and soon three fingers were plunging in and out of my ass. As I was really beginning to enjoy the feelings the fingers left and were replaced by the cold tip of a butt plug. I got a surprise after they were done pumping it in and out of me. After they shoved it in as far as they could and left it there I felt it begin to swell. It was one of the inflatable plugs and they pumped it up well and spread me out wide. It was almost painful but that quickly fled into the warm feeling of anal contentment that I so love, then the vibrations hit me. How long they left me there squirming and trying to get some contact to move the toy inside me I can't tell you, but the torture seemed to last for hours.

After too long a time the speed of the vibe slowed down as another sensation intruded in upon me. Something soft was swirling across the inside of my thighs and over my cock and balls. As this silken feeling lit fire across my cock they began to pump and deflate the plug, stretching and releasing my ass. It was a heavenly torture that got my pre-cum flowing heavily. With all this I was panting heavily and really jerking around looking for more contact and a release. The response to this was a cool mist that was sprayed over my cock and balls, soon after that I began to lose some of the feeling in my cock and balls. I was shocked at this, and it actually pumped my desire up a level. They had sprayed me with some sort of desensitizing spray to prolong everything, I loved it. This was when the plug was quickly pulled from my ass and quickly and rudely replaced by a hot hard cock. 

It was great, Tom was really worked up as he fucked my hard and quick. I could tell he was close to cumming as he pumped with that urgency of a cock on the edge of exploding, and I was right as he slammed in and held his cock there as it twitched deep in me. It just wasn't fair, it didn't last long enough, and I felt cheated by the shortness of it all. I was getting ready to voice my opinion as he quickly pulled out letting his cum slide out of my ass, and was rapidly replaced by another hot cock! I was shocked, there was someone else in the room besides Tom and Cathy!? Oh my god! I couldn't think straight, torn between lust and fear, I decided to go with lust since I was tied up anyhow. I completely forgot about my safe word, but then I wasn't really mad anyhow. I had said I was a cum slut, and I was. Besides I trusted them by now, and I really wanted a good fucking, I was getting it at the moment. Whoever it was that was having his way with my ass was in no hurry and was 'long dicking' me. Those strokes that took his cock all the way out of my ass and then slowly plunged it back to the hilt. I don't know how long he fucked me but my ass was in that tingly, warm and numb state, every nerve there was alive as he pulled out and came across my balls and open ass.

I was in bliss, panting heavily and basking in the feelings of the moment when the next shock hit me. Another hard cock plunged into my ass, I was being gangbanged! Again this one was fucking me with urgency of a guy nearing his orgasm. It was minutes before he blew a huge load in me and pulled out leaving cum gushing out my open ass. This time was the last of the invaders and I was left to sit and recover for awhile, but not too long. Soon hands were untying me and repositioning me so I was spread eagle and tied down on the bed. I felt the bed shift as someone knelt over my face, I was rewarded with a wet and soppy pussy dropping down on my face. 

I can't say that I ate her out, basically she used my chin, mouth and tongue to get herself off. I just laid there and let her hump my face, totally covering me with her juices and leaving me gasping hard for air. After she had cum a couple times she rolled off and lay on the bed beside me panting for air, then another pussy fell down on my face and repeated the whole thing. I was wondering just how many people were there and couldn't really enjoy the pussy ride this time. Again this lady just used my face for her fun and then fell off to the side to regain her strength.

After this I again felt hands undoing my restraints and roughly pull me off the bed and make me kneel on the floor. They fastened my ankles together, cuffed my hands to my thighs and positioned my head. Hands on each side of my face told me that they wanted my mouth open and I quickly complied. As soon as I opened my mouth I was rewarded with a hard cock. I licked the head and sucking heavily on the tip bobbing as best I could but was soon stopped. Hands tightly held both sides of my head as he began to fuck my mouth with short quick strokes. The past never slacked until he got close to cumming, then he slid it as far into my mouth as he could making me gag once and then let go with his load. I swallowed as fast as I could so I wouldn't choke on it as it filled my mouth. After I sucked him dry he pulled out and was replaced and the whole thing was repeated for the other two cocks.

After swallowing my third load I was left alone to recover from the abuse. After a few minutes I felt warm gentle hands on me, stroking my body. Slowly they reached down to my cock and balls and let the cock ring loose and began to fondle me. My body began to convulse with the heightened feelings as mouths began to suck and nip at my nipples. Slowly a mouth trailed down towards my cock and engulfed it, after a handful of strokes I unleashed one of the largest loads of cum I had ever shot. The hungry mouth missed nothing, as I could feel nothing leak down my cock and balls.

After the last of my spurts had died away the hands moved to my head and gently tilted it back. Soft sticky lips met mine and I opened my mouth for a deep, well earned kiss. That's when I got my fourth load of cum in my mouth for the night, as I was fed my own orgasm to end the encounter. My bonds were then released and four hands began to massage all the kinks and pains out of my body, that was the last thing I remembered of the night as I fell into an exhausted sleep.