 It was Saturday night. Frank and I went to our favorite local bar to hang out and try to meet women. He was usually successful more than I was, though I certainly got my fair share of 'action' as well. The place was packed as usual, with all the tables along the wall taken, and people standing elbow to elbow at the bar. We managed to squeeze ourselves near the bar and ordered a couple of beers. Standing around talking, drinking our beers, we were having a pretty good time. It was still pretty early -- around 10:00 or so -- and the ballgame was still on, so as we were half watching the Yankees on the TV and half watching the women in the bar, I noticed two stools open up next to where we were standing. We sat down, relaxing as last, and just enjoying the atmosphere. A beautiful blonde shimmied up next to Frank and smiled at him as she ordered a drink. Before I knew it, he was talking to her more than me, and I was left to stare at the ball game and make small talk with Jim the bartender.

As I'm sitting there watching Rivera close out another Yankees win, I couldn't help overhearing the women next to me talking. One, a blonde, asked the other, a tall redhead, both in their early 20s, "So how are things going with you and Steve?"

"Pretty good..." she trailed off.

"Just pretty good? I thought you said he could be the one?"

"I dunno," said the redhead. "I mean he's sexy, and smart and treats me well..."

I could see her friend knew where this was heading, as I slid a little closer to them on my barstool. Jim smiled at me as I tried to not be too obvious that I was eavesdropping. 

"But....?" asked the blonde.

"Well," she looked around to make sure nobody was watching her as I tried to act nonchalant. "I really like him...but it's the sex. Don't get me wrong, I like the sex, but there's just something missing. I love his body, and the control I have over him we have oral sex, but he never goes down on me. I mean just once I'd like him to return the favor. And then when we have sex, it's all about him -- he never cares if I cum too, he just screws me and then rolls off, as if it's the greatest thing ever."

Her blonde friend was nodding knowingly. "They're all like that. Just once I'd like to meet a guy who liked eating me just half as much as I like sucking him. But I can't remember the last time a guy did that to me."

I love eating pussy, and sensed my opening. I turned towards them and said "Sorry, I couldn't help overhearing your conversation."

The redhead gave me a dirty look and said "AND...?"

She caught me off guard. "And I was wondering if I could ask you a question if I buy you guys a drink."

She softened a little, and said "Sure. One drink, one question."

I laughed, and knew I had one chance. Worse comes to worse, I'll have spent $10 to have two drinks thrown in my face. Jim served the drinks, and as the redhead sipped hers, she said, "OK, what's your question?"

I swallowed hard, tried to smile as best I could and said, "Like I said, I couldn't help but overhearing your conversation. Personally, I love performing oral sex, and I was wondering if either of you shaved your pussy, or if you let it grow naturally?"

I took a half-step back as they both looked at me like I had two heads, and the redhead grabbed a handful of pretzels and threw them at me. "What kind of a question is that!?!?"

I looked at her blonde friend for support. She said, "Well, Natalie, you did say he could ask you a question if he bought you a drink."

With that, the redheaded Natalie took some nuts and threw them at her friend. "Well, smartass. Why don't you answer him, then?"

She looked at me for a minute, then looked around to make sure nobody else was listening to us, and in a hoarse whisper said, "No. I've never shaved down there."

Natalie looked at her with her mouth slightly open. "AMY! I can't believe you told him that." At least I knew both their names now. "You don't even know this guy!"

I stuck my hand out. "I'm Jake. You're Amy?"

She took my hand and shook it lightly. "Yes, and this is Natalie."

I stuck my hand to Natalie, who barely touched it. "So Natalie, now that you know me, what about you?"

She gave Amy a dirty look and said "No" rather gruffly. "Why would I want to look like a little girl? Does that turn you on, having sex with little girls?"

I wasn't expecting that. "No, no, no" I stammered. "Look, a table opened up in the back. What do you say I buy us all new drinks and we go sit down? I think I can help you both out."

I called over my favorite waitress, Mary, and asked her to escort my new friends to the table in the back while I got us new drinks. Mary gave me a quick wink as she led Amy and Natalie to the table. Jim, laughing at me, handed me three new drinks and said "Never gonna happen, man. You're just wasting your time."

As I walked towards the women, I thought about how I was going to approach this. I put the drinks on the table and sat down. I took a quick drink from my glass, trying not to notice that Amy and Natalie were staring at me. As I put my glass down, Amy broke the ice. "So, how can you help us out," she asked.

"Yeah, Jake. How can you help us out," Natalie added snidely.

I started to concentrate on Amy. Staring into her beautiful green eyes, I said "You said you'd love to meet a guy who, how'd you put it? Liked eating you half as much as you liked sucking him?"

Amy blushed.

"And Natalie, you said your guy treats you well but is selfish in bed. Let me tell you both, you're going out with the wrong guys."

"And how do you know that," asked Natalie.

"Because," I said. "I love eating pussy -- especially one that's clean shaven. But even if it's not, I always make sure my partner has at least one orgasm, if not two, before entering her."

Natalie looked at me with disbelief. She said "OK. How do I know you're telling the truth?"

I motioned for Mary to bring us 3 more drinks. "Well, you could let me show you," I said, as seductively as I could. Natalie said nothing, but drained the rest of her drink. Amy was staring at me. I looked at her and smiled. "But you'd have to let me shave you, first." Neither of them responded to my suggestion.

As the drinks came, Amy took a quick gulp and spoke first. "Have you ever done it before? I mean shaved someone." Natalie looked at her, then me, with curiosity.

"Yes. I used to shave my last girlfriend all the time. She loved using it as part of our foreplay. And I loved eating her freshly shaved pussy."

"Shaved, shaved, shaved," Natalie said. "What's so great about a woman who shaves?"

"Everything," I said. "It's not that I want the 'little girl look', as you called it. But a woman's pussy is a beautiful thing. Why hide it behind all that hair? Besides -- think about it. Before you went to work today, you took a shower. You cleaned yourself from head to toe. Put on makeup, perfume, fixed your hair and got dressed. Then before coming here, you either took another shower, or changed your clothes, fixed your makeup and went out. I'm guessing you skipped the shower and just got fixed up."

They both nodded yes.

"The problem is, and don't take this the wrong way, is that by the end of the day, certain things...accumulate. We tend to sweat a bit. You go to the bathroom. Maybe even get a little aroused. By the end of the day, things down there aren't as fresh as they were after your shower. Your pubic hair tends to trap these odors. When a guy goes down on you, to be honest, it probably smells a little like sweat and urine. Not the most appealing scents. Plus, your hair is probably matted, so things don't look all that attractive either. And with all that, you have to make the guy work for what you 'want' -- spending half his energy moving your hair out of the way to find your pussy. Not to mention constantly ending up with a mouthful of hairs. Nothing turns a guy off more than licking hair, and nothing kills a mood more than a guy choking like a cat with a hairball."

All though I wasn't being exactly flattering, both girls were staring at me intently, softly nodding along.

I continued.

"But when a woman has shaved, well, it's just beautiful. I love seeing a woman's pussy for the first time, touching it, rubbing it. Learning what makes her squirm and what makes her cum quickly. Every woman's pussy is unique and beautiful in their own way. And seeing it bare -- nothing there but clean skin turns me on so much. I can explore not just her sweet pussy, but all over, teasing her with kisses and licks, light nibbles and long, hard sucks. It's completely uninhibited and the most incredible experience for me and her. And with no hair there, there's no unpleasant smell or taste, there's just her wonderful, natural scent, and incredible sweet taste. Many times the woman I'm with has had to physically push me away from her pussy, because I won't stop eating her."

Amy and Natalie were beginning to squirm in their chairs. Natalie excused herself to go get some more nuts. Amy slid her chair next to mine and said quietly "That was incredible. I'm so hot right now from listening to you; I couldn't help touching myself under the table. Wait here for a minute."

Amy joined Natalie at the bar and they talked for a minute. Natalie brought the nuts back to the table and said, "We'll be right back." I watched as they disappeared into the Ladies Room. I quickly downed my drink. After the longest five minutes of my life, Natalie and Amy came back to the table, both of them now sitting right next to me. Amy put her hand on my lap, as Natalie leaned closer to me. "Did you mean what you said before? About shaving us?"

I took a hard swallow. "Sure" was all I could manage. I glanced over at Amy.

"It might be all the drinks you keep buying us," Amy said. "But we both got so turned on by your story that we want to try it. Now." To punctuate what she was telling me, Amy grabbed my face and kissed me. Once the initial shock passed, I kissed her back, our mouths opening as our tongues thrust together. On the other side of me, Natalie started rubbing my cock through my pants. Amy broke our kiss as Natalie leaned in and gave me a long kiss, too.

"We're parked right outside. Follow us to our apartment -- we live about 15 minutes from here," Natalie said.

"You guys are roommates," I asked.

"Yeah," said Amy. "We were roommates in college and once we graduated decided to get an apartment together too, to save on rent. Two people can spit a two-bedroom apartment cheaper than they can each get a one-bedroom on their own."

I quickly paid for the drinks, leaving a generous tip for Mary as the three of us walked out of the bar arm in arm. Behind the bar, Jim gave me a wave and a thumbs-up. He poked Frank and made sure he saw me leaving the bar with these two beautiful women.

As we got to Amy's car, Natalie said "Aim, why don't I go with Jake so he doesn't get lost."

I smiled at her. "Good idea. I'm parked right over there." Amy got into her car and Natalie and I got into mine and started to drive. I tried to keep my eyes on her car as I snuck glances as Natalie. She was really stunning. Her red hair hung 3-4 inches below her shoulders. Her full breasts strained against her shirt as I could see her nipples sticking out. Her skirt, which came down only half way to her knees when she was standing, rode up a few inches when she sat down. I kept one hand on the wheel, and one on her left thigh. She put her hands over mine, resting them there as I rubbed her soft skin. I moved my hand up slowly as she moved her hands to her sides. Taking that as permission, I slipped my hand up to her panties. They were already damp with excitement. Natalie eased the seat back as far as she could as she closed her eyes. Her legs spread open for me; I was rubbing her pussy through her panties, until she took my hand and slipped it under the soft material. Her pussy was so soft, as I started rubbing her with my first two fingers.

Natalie lifted her hips and pulled off her panties, giving me easy access to her cunt. I fucked her quickly with my fingers as she thrust against my hands. I spread her wetness around, bringing my sticky fingers up to her clit. As I hit her clit, she moaned loudly as she squirmed in the seat. I concentrated on her clit for a while, rubbing her in quick, clockwise circles. I saw her bite her lip as she moved her hands up to rub her nipples through her shirt. I would occasionally slip my fingers down into her pussy, thrusting them deep inside of her before bringing them back up to her clit. Natalie's breathing was getting faster and she was moaning louder and louder until she grabbed my hand and held it to her clit as she cried out. I pressed hard against her clit as she came hard, coating my hand with her sweet juice.

I took my fingers out of her cunt and sucked on them, savoring her delicious taste. Her eyes still closed, I pressed my fingers to her mouth, letting her suck them clean. As her breathing returned to normal, I pulled my fingers from her mouth, and gave her nipples a quick squeeze. Her breasts were full and firm, her nipples still hard as I pinched them lightly between my fingers. She managed a soft sigh as I put my hand back on her thigh. She opened her eyes to see where we were. "About 4 or 5 more minutes," she said. As we came to a stop sign, I moved my hand back up to her pussy and started rubbing her clit again. She tried to push my hand away, but I whispered, "I want to see if I can make you cum again before we get to your apartment."

She purred at me, "Ohhh Godddd Jake. Ohhhh don't stoppppp." Just cumming a few minutes ago, she was already close to cumming again. I worked my fingers against her clit, and then back into her pussy over and over, finger fucking her quickly. She bit her lower lip again and said "Slower. Slower, I'm so close." 

I slowed down my fingers as she grabbed my wrist. We turned onto a side street and I saw Amy signaling to turn into their driveway. I whispered to Natalie. "Cum for me. We're there, I want you to cum for me again," as I fingered her furiously. 

That was all it took. "Ohhhhhh GGgggoddddd Jake, oohhhh GGODDDDDDDDDDD." Her pussy clenched around my fingers as she came even harder than before.

We sat there for a minute as she recovered. Amy, wondering why we weren't getting out of the car, came over to my car and knocked on the window. I rolled it down and she could see Natalie's skirt pushed all the way up, her hairy cunt exposed to the night air. "I see you two already got started, huh? I'll catch the elevator while you get yourself together."

Natalie undid her seatbelt and brushed down her skirt. She leaned over to be and kissed me passionately. "I hope you're as good with your mouth as you are with your hands," she whispered.

I smiled and said, "We'll see." 

She bent down to put on her panties, but I said, "Why bother?" She laughed a little and shoved them in her bag. As we got out of my car, could smell her pussy on my fingers. She took my hand and led me upstairs to their apartment. Their building was small -- 4 stories, with 6 apartments on each floor. They lived on the fourth floor.

I caressed Natalie's ass as we walked into the building. Amy was holding the elevator door open for us. As the door closed, Natalie grabbed me and kissed me passionately, our mouths mashing together as our tongues probed each other's mouth. Amy moved behind me, wrapping her arms around me, between me and Natalie. As Natalie and I kissed, Amy's hands moved down to my hard cock, rubbing and squeezing it through my pants. All too soon the elevator doors opened. Both girls took me by my hands and lead me down to their apartment.

Natalie unlocked the door and we all rushed inside, locking the door behind us as quickly as we could. This time it was Amy who pulled me close and kissed me, our bodies grinding together as my cock tried to fuck her through our clothes. I reached between us with my left hand, pushing under her skirt. Amy had taken off her panties at some point, as my fingers probed her wet cunt. I slipped two fingers deep inside her hairy pussy as she moaned into my mouth. Natalie broke us apart, and my fingers popped out of her friend's pussy. I brought my fingers up to my mouth, her musky scent filling my nostrils as I tasted her juices on my fingers. She tasted wonderful. I told her, "Mmmmm...you taste so good, Amy. I can't wait until you're all shaved."

Amy pulled off her shirt and unhooked her bra, leaving her wearing only her short skirt. Natalie quickly followed suit as Amy led me to the living room, pushing me back on the couch. As the girls took turns kissing me, I caressed their bodies with my hands. Amy reached down and unzipped my pants, pulling out my 7" cock. She moved to the floor in front of me as I lifted my hips, letting her pull off my pants and boxers with one quick motion. I watched as her blonde hair covered my cock as she slowly licked my shaft up and down. Then, without warning, she put her lips over the head of my cock and slid all the way down, until her mouth was full with my cock. As Amy moved her mouth up and down on me, Natalie pushed her breasts in my face. I hungrily sucked them, moving my mouth back and forth between them, as I licked, sucked and nibbled on her hard nipples. I reached down and slipped a finger inside Natalie as I attacked her breasts, fucking her with my fingers, while Amy engulfed my cock in her mouth.

It didn't take long for me to make Natalie cum on my hand again. Amy stopped sucking my cock as she watched Natalie's orgasm shudder through her. I pulled my hand out of her cunt, as Natalie got off of the couch and gently pushed Amy aside.

Amy took Natalie's place next to me as Natalie started sucking my hard cock. After all the attention I'd had from Amy, I was already close to cumming as Natalie swirled her tongue around my head. I leaned back on the couch, closing my eyes as I lost myself in the attention Natalie was giving me. Amy leaned next to me, watching her friend suck my cock, as I pushed two fingers inside her wet cunt. Amy spread her legs apart as my fingers plunged in and out of her. I moved my fingers up to rub her clit, sending her into overdrive. Natalie glanced up to watch me finger-fucking her roommate as she bobbed her head up and down in my lap. My breathing was getting faster as she sucked me like a pro. I worked my fingers round and round on Amy's hard clit, wanting her to cum with me. As Natalie moved her hand up to rub my balls, I lost it. I thrust my hips up, sending my cock deep into her mouth as I came, shooting my warm load deep down her throat. Natalie took it all, sucking me dry, as I kept rubbing Amy's clit. Natalie sat, kneeling on the floor watching me fingering Amy. I took Natalie's hand, and used her fingers to rub Amy's pussy. I leaned over to suck on her firm breasts as Natalie continued rubbing her cunt. Amy looked down to see who's fingers were inside of her, and when she saw it was her roommate, she gasped, and came hard. I kept sucking on her nipples as she came all over her friend's fingers. I took one of Natalie's fingers and sucked off Amy's juices, then rubbed the other finger against her lips. Natalie opened her mouth and sucked on her finger, savoring Amy's taste. I asked her how she liked it.

"Tastes wonderful," she said.

"Just wait," I told her. "Wait until you taste her pussy after it's shaved."

"I don't know if I can do that. I mean, I've never done that before," Natalie said.

"But you tasted her now, on your fingers."

"I know, but I got carried away. That was the first pussy I ever tasted."

I smiled at her and pulled her into a standing position. I pushed my fingers into her pussy, getting them nice and coated, and offered them to Amy. She licked them clean, and then to both of our surprise, pulled Natalie to her and started licking her pussy! Natalie threw her head back and pushed her pussy towards her friend's mouth, but Amy pulled away after a few seconds.
