 The ringing of the alarm dragged me up out of a drunken sleep at four thirty in the morning. I lay there staring at the clock and wondering why it was ringing at this time of the morning. It was nearly one when I had fallen into bed after closing the bar. That rang a small bell in my hazy mind. I had promised someone I would take them fishing but for the life of me I couldn't remember who. 

I slapped the clock to kill the alarm that wasn't helping my head a bit and swung my feet to the floor. Coffee would be the first order of business and then a shower. Maybe that would clear the cobwebs enough for me to remember who or at least where. I hated when I let my alligator mouth overloaded my hummingbird ass.

*****

Stepping from the shower, I heard someone beating on my back door. Well at least it was a friend because they all know to come around back. Only the cops, bill collectors, preachers, and salesmen knock on the front door. I yelled for them to come in as I hastily dried off and wrapped a towel around my hips. 

I couldn't remember if the door was locked or not so, I hurry out of the bathroom into the dark bedroom and run head on into someone. They hit the floor and I lost my grip on the towel. Not thinking, I reached over and flipped on a light. Bobby, the day bartender at my favorite watering hole was laying on the floor staring up at me, in all my radiant glory. 

"Damn!" She said as I jumped back and grabbed for the towel, and beat a hasty retreat back into the bathroom. As I shut the door, I could hear several women giggling and laughing. 

Bobby chuckled. "Bill, I've never seen you from that point of view before. It puts you in a whole new light." There was laughter again.

"Ha, Ha." I yelled through the door. "Just like a woman to barge into a man's home, scare the hell out of him, then laugh because he dropped a small thing like a towel." The last I said in a more normal tone of voice.

Bobby's voice comes to me through the door. "That didn't look like no small thing from my vantage point." This time there was no laugh but I could just feel the big grin on her face.

By now, I had on a pair of nylon shorts and a tee shirt. I opened the door and sure enough there was that grin. Just for the hell of it, I put my arms around her and kissed the shit out of her. This is something we had never even come close to doing before but once the initial shock wore off, she warmed to the idea and returned the kiss. 

I could feel the steam building in my ears until I heard someone say, "Hey, you guys cut it out or we'll never go fishing."

I reluctantly released Bobby. We stood and looked into each other's eyes for a moment before she turned and walked into the living room. At least I had wiped that grin off her face. 

Now I was worried about that light in her eyes, if there had not been someone else here at that moment, we would be fucking our brains out in my bed right now. Bobby is not the one night stand, type and I'm a confirmed bachelor, and I like it that way.

I took a couple of deep breaths and headed into the living room. One look around and I knew I was in a world of trouble. I headed on through to the kitchen and poured myself a cup of strong black coffee. 

"If anyone wants coffee, it in here and you can serve yourselves." I sat down at the breakfast table and watched them file in. 

Bobby is a flirt and a tease with a good sense of humor and is at the present between boyfriends. Kelly was married until a few months ago and is now divorced. What she's doing here I don't know, as she has something against me, and for the life of me, I have no idea what it is. 

Carol is the last through the door but not the least. She goes out with a lot of different guys all of the time but as far as I know, she lives and has lived alone for quite some time. 

How did I let myself get talked into taking this bunch fishing? I must have been really drunk, really early. If I was smart, I would tell them all to go home; that I was too hung over to run a boat and the lake was going to be to rough for fishing. 

I tried it but Bobby laughed and told me, "Drink your coffee like a good boy and the hangover will go away. As for the wind, it won't be a problem as you said you were going to take us up the river to your famous hidden lake. You know the place, no one else knows about but you."

When I groaned, she laughed. I looked at her sharply and said, "We do have one small problem. The big party barge won't fit through the cut into hidden lake and my bass boat is too small for all of us to bass fish out of it."

She laughed again and replied, "We figured that out last night remember, that's why we're taking my small pontoon boat and we're not bass fishing. We want to catch some big bream and blue gill."

I sat there thinking hard for a few minutes then shrugged, it could be worse I guess. "Ok, since you guys are set on doing this, I guess we better get the show on the road. What kind and how much tackle and bait do you have on your boat?" 

We discussed this as I finished my coffee and made another pot. By five fifteen, we were on the road west.

*****

Launching the small pontoon boat was no problem and we were soon motoring up the river at a fair clip. The sun was not quite up but there was plenty of light for me to navigate by. We had launched at the last bridge on the West end of the lake and had a four-mile run up the river. At that point, a small narrow creek branches to the south. 

We moved along this creek at not much more than an idle for about a mile until we come to several fallen trees. To the right is a small cove that looks shallow and appears to dead end. Shutting down the outboard engine, I dropped the trolling motor over the bow and ease into the cove and turned hard left to squeeze between and under two large bushes. 

With much lifting, pulling, and pushing we got the big boat through the narrow opening and into a long narrow channel. I started the outboard and idled along until we reach a large open water area studded with large scattered cypress trees. 

I made a forty-five to the right and eased along until I crossed a deep channel. I maneuvered the boat in close to a large stump and asked Bobby to tie off the front line. I had her pay out slack as I backed up to another stump and tied the rear line to it. 

Letting out line on my end, I moved the boat back forward until it was centered over the channel. We tied off both lines and I returned to my seat at the steering console, killed the engine and propped my feet up.

The girls had been quiet for most of the trip but now they were chattering about the beauty of this spot as they retrieved their rods from under the rear seat. Bobby also got out a large tackle box then stood looking at me.

"What? We're here, all you need to do is fish," I said.

Bobby asked, "Where do we fish?"

I smiled and pointed straight down. Her eyes followed the direction of my finger and ended up in my lap. "That may be well and good but we have worms in the ice chest and it would hurt yours for me to stick a hook in it," she said with a grin.

I moved my finger over and said, "Fish in the channel about a foot off bottom and only use a small pinch of worm. Do you know how to rig a bottom bouncing rig?"

"I don't think so, my bottom bounces enough already. Anyway, you're supposed to be the guide," she said with a smile. 

I grinned but ignored the part about her bouncy bottom. "Ok, it's very simple, hand me your rod." 

Taking her rod, I ran the line through the eye of a long shank bream hook and tied an overhand knot in it next to the hook eye. Keeping the line doubled I tied another over hand knot about eight inches out from the hook eye then tied a quarter ounce ball lead to the free end of the line about a foot farther down. 

I reached into the ice chest and got the box of night crawlers. I pinched about a quarter of an inch of the worm off and threaded it onto the hook. I handed the rod to Bobby.

"Now drop it over the side and let it fall to bottom then reel up the slack until the weight is just off bottom." 

Bobby was doing what I said, as I said it. When I said bottom, her rod gave a sharp downward jerk and she reeled up a nice fat blue gill nearly the size of my hand. This got everyone excited. 

I rigged the other two rods as Bobby tossed the fish in the live well and dropped her line back in the water. She had caught two more fish by the time I got Kelly's rod finished. They had five more in the live well by the time Carol got her line wet.

They caught twenty-five fish rather quickly before the bite slowed and that's not counting the dozen or so little one they threw back. One by one, they placed their rods in the holds around the rail. As they did, I tied a small jingle bell to the tip of each one. 

The ride up the river had been very cool at daylight. Now that the sun was getting up, so was the temperature. I had already removed my sweatshirt jacket and had raised the half top over the rear of the barge. 

Bobby had discarded her wool plaid shirt and now worn jeans and a sports bra, which I might add, were well filled out. Carol was down to a small pair of silk shorts and a bikini top. Until now, I had never realized how good a figure she had. 

Kelly, not to ever be out done, was bent over taking off her Levies. Her well-rounded ass was pointed straight at me. At first, I thought she was nude until I saw the thin white band around her waist and the sting of a thong across her tailbone that disappeared between those lovely cheeks. 

Bobby saw me looking at Kelly's ass and frowned. I had to chuckle and shake my head. A jingle bell ringing attracted everyone attention, luckily.

*****

By noon, the girls had placed nearly a hundred large bream and three good catfish in the live well. I was having a good time watching the three women running around mostly naked. Bobby had taken off her jeans, making sure, her ass pointed straight at me. It is a very nice ass I must tell you, even when covered by a conventional bikini bottom. 

She had straightened up and rolled the waistband down until the bottom of her tailbone was visible in the back. This was well below her normal tan line. 

Bobby and Carol broke out the lunch they had fixed and we sat around in the shade of the cypress trees and ate. After we finished eating, I asked the girls if they were ready to head back. Nobody was ready to leave. 

Kelly asked, if this was the best spot to fish? I told her it was the best one I knew of in the shade but there were several better but they were out in the open sun.

"I could use a little sun tanning time, how about the rest of you?" Kelly asked.

"That sounds like a good idea." Bobby answered as Carol nodded.

I chuckled. "Ok by me, but I'm staying in the shade. I'm as dark as I want to be. Bobby if you will grab that anchor and go forward I'll let you know when to drop it. Kelly if you'll get the other one and come back here, I'd appreciate it."

*****

With the boat untied, I maneuvered out into a large open area and spent a few minutes getting into position over a large deep bend in the creek channel. I had Kelly drop her anchor and let out slack in the rope as I moved forward. Bobby dropped her anchor and I backed up the boat. I told both girls to tie off the ropes.

They caught another three-dozen very large bream and one catfish that weighted almost eight pounds. The bite slowed, so the girls spread a blanket on the open deck and lay down to sun. I kicked back in the shade and sipped on a beer, as I looked them over. Life was good.

After a few minutes, Kelly got up, got her tanning oil, and started to apply it liberally all over her body. As she did, she asked Carol why she was wearing the shorts and not her bikini bottoms. 

Carol answered, "I put it on this morning but it was all stretched out. It looked terrible and wouldn't stay on very well. I can't figure out what happened to it but I have an idea that Alice borrowed it when she stayed at my place."

Bobby laughed. "Alice would sure stretch out a bikini bottom with her fat ass if she wore it long. I wonder where she wore it and for whom? That would be a scary sight."

Carol was applying oil to Kelly's back as she replied, "I think she and Rex went out to the island for an afternoon swim or at least that's what I heard. They must have had fun because she moved in with him shortly after that. All I know is that I was happy to get her out of my house."

Kelly had her top untied and rolled partly over, giving me a great view of her breast. "Rex has Alice living with him? I find that hard to believe. He's a pretty good-looking guy and she's such a dog. What would they have in common?"

I laughed and Kelly turned farther around and gave me a frown, also a better look at her excellent breasts. "What do you find so funny?" She asked.

"First of all, yes Alice is over weight but she is not ugly. She has a pretty face, a good sense of humor, a good disposition; she keeps a clean neat house and is a great cook. She has a good job and saves her money and last but not least, she loves sex, anytime, and anyplace. She can fuck a guy's brains out, make him like it, and beg for more. Rex would rather fuck than eat or drink. So, what do they have in common? That's kind of a no-brainer."

Kelly stared at me with her mouth open until Bobby laughed. She glanced at Bobby then looked back at me. "Are you calling me dumb?" She asked hotly as she sat up.

I grinned and stared straight at her bare breasts. She glanced down and quickly covered them with her arms as we all laughed. 

"No I'm not calling you dumb, just uninformed. You know of Alice but you don't know her as a person because you don't want to or have to. I've known Alice for a long time, way before she put on so much weight. At one time she was a very beautiful and sexy woman, she still is on the inside."

Carol asked, "You dated Alice?"

"Yes and I almost married her, but luckily I came to my senses and remained the most eligible bachelor that you see before you now." I answered with a laugh.

Bobby said softly, "Eligible bachelor my ass, you're just a dirty old man and everyone knows it."

I grinned at her. "Yes, and your point is?" Before she could answer, I continued. "I'm an old man only in years my dear. As for being dirty that is probably true but I've had very few complaints from the women I've dated over those years and that's all I care about. I make them happy and they make me happy and that's all that matters."

"Yeah, right," Kelly said sarcastically.

I smiled. "Don't scoff at what you don't know anything about. Given the chance, I could do some things to you that would blow your socks off and melt you down into a small puddle."

Bobby as always, being an instigator said, "That sounds like a challenge to me."

I grinned at Bobby. "You hush, the same thing applies to you, you know. At least you've had a kiss as a sample."

"Oh, yeah. It surprised the hell out of me that you could kiss that well. Was it a good teacher or lots of practice?"

"Both." I answered still grinning.

Carol laughed and said, "You should have seen the look on her face when she walked out of the bedroom. You know, kind of glassy eyed and dazed."

"Carol, shut up!" Bobby said quickly, which made Carol laugh again. 

"He's older than the hills and caught me off guard," she said in way of an explanation. 

Then she grinned and finished, "The view I'd had from the floor was to say the least, interesting. He has the right equipment and a nice tight butt, I'll give him that much. A nice tan and no tan lines.

She turned to me. "I've been meaning to ask you about that," she said as an after thought.

"Why do you think there is an eight foot, solid fence around my back yard? I start my tan early and keep it most of the year. if I don't, I burn up out here on the lake guiding people fishing. Three or four times a year, I take a little time off and go down to a beach I know of that is clothing optional and get some more sun, among other things."

Carol said, "I wondered where you disappeared to every so often. A nude beach? I didn't know there was such a thing in this state. The next time you go, you will have to call me and I might go down there with you. Just to check things out, you understand. I think everyone has a fantasy about being nude on a beach, I know I do."

Bobby looked at Carol and chuckled. "You brazen little heifer, you've dated nearly everything male in this county and now you're after Bill? Have you run out of men or are you just expanding your horizons?"

Before Carol could answer, I asked, "Running out of men? What the hell am I, chopped liver?"

"Oh, I'm sorry Bill. I didn't mean it that way, I meant men her age," Bobby said hastily.

"I wasn't trying to make a date with Bill, I just want to visit the nude beach, and if he was going, I wanted to tag along," Carol said in answer to Bobby's earlier remark. 

A second later she went on, "Anyway what would be wrong with a date with him, he's a fun guy and always a gentleman. He and I have talked a lot from time to time and I've always enjoyed myself. He's a hell of a lot more of a man than a lot of these local little boys that always seem to be hanging around. They're only out for one thing, and then its bye, bye baby, and they are so boring. Most of them can't carry on a conversation for more than five minutes without running out of something to say that's worth listening to." She paused a moment and looked around at the three of us. 

"Damn, I think I just talked myself into dating you, Bill." She finished with a laugh.

"I would be honored, but I hate to tell you, I probably would have the same thing on my mind that those kids had, only I'd be more subtle about it," I said and then chuckled.

"That's our Bill, he lets a lady talk herself into going out with him and then shoots himself in the foot by telling the truth," Bobby said shaking her head. 

One of the jingle bells rang and the girls jumped to check their rods. It was Kelly's and she landed a nice three-pound catfish topless. As I helped take it off the hook, I pointed this fact out to everyone. 

Kelly just shrugged and said, "What the hell, if I'm going to get some sun, I might as well get it all over. Anyway, I figure you've seen a lot of boobs in your day and one more pair ain't going to kill you or me. Hell, if I knew no one but us would be around, I'd just get naked and get an all over tan."

As I dropped the fish in the live well, I said, "I've been coming here to fish for over ten years and I've never seen anyone else here. The old man who showed me how to get back in here was the only other person that I know of who knew about it and he's dead. So if you want to get naked, don't let me stop you, just remember I'm going to look. If I ever quit looking at pretty naked women, somebody better start shoveling dirt because I'm dead."

The girls laughed and Kelly peeled off the bottoms of her thong bikini to stand completely nude on the front deck. As Kelly, laid back down on the blanket, Bobby finally found her voice. "Kelly? I can't believe you're doing this."

Kelly grinned up at her and answered, "I can't believe you still have your clothes on. You're always the one who talks the big talk about sexual freedom. I just declared this boat to be clothing optional for as long as it's in this pond."

I laughed and pulled my T-shirt off over my head and put my thumbs in the waistband of my shorts. "Bill, what the hell do you think you are doing?" Bobby asked.

I paused, cocked my head to the side, and looked at her for a moment. "I'm a nudist from a long time back. If I don't have to wear clothes, I'm a happy camper. If it wasn't for the law, I'd never wear any as long as the weather is warm."
