 I couldn't believe he'd gotten back in touch again. We had originally connected through an internet ad. He'd answered the door wearing only boxers and then shown me through to the garage where his girlfriend was tied and blindfolded, hands held above her head by a rope looped through a pulley that was attached to the rafters. She was a small but shapely brunette made all the more shapely by the red merrywidow she was wearing.

Her tits spilled out the top and her bare pussy was on display as well. I stripped naked and fondled her for a while, first playing with her nipples and then fingering her slit. 

He released enough slack on the rope so that she could bend low enough that my swollen cock and her face were at the same level. I fed it to her, bit by bit until the fat head pressed against her throat. After face fucking her for a while, he shifted her position some and I then finished myself off by hand, shooting copious amounts of thick white splooge all over her sweet ass cheeks. 

I guess the reason I got to be the lucky guy that day was that we very quickly established that we'd attended the same university, albeit at different times and different majors. Must've been that he felt more comfortable with at least some degree of common background. We swapped messages several times after, but there was no more contact after a couple months. 

Then one day out of the clear blue I get another e-mail and it turns out he's with a different playpal now, a smokin' hot blonde who, he says is hotter than the brunette. He wants to know if I'd be interested in playing again sometime. He has an idea he wants to try out. He also includes some pix of the new hottie. Nice. Damn nice.

Of course, I'm interested and then he hits me with the bombshell. He wants to re-enact one of my tales. I'd told him that I contributed to Literotica and gave him my pseudonym. It would appear that he has been doing his homework. Says he found my work "inspirational". We discuss when this might occur and he says that he'll get back to me. A couple weeks go by and nothing. I figure its probably blown over.

Then, again when I least expect it, he contacts me and says its all set up, can I make it the following afternoon. I lie and say that there's nothing in the way and then immediately start canceling out appointments. Gotta keep your priorities right, hey? The next afternoon found me at his door.

This time he answered dressed in a shirt and jeans. He explains what he has in mind. I get very aroused as he talks. He plans to re-enact one of the most erotic experiences of my life. I never ever thought that there would be a repeat performance of that one. He shows me upstairs. There are three bedrooms and one of them has a clear view diagonally across the hall to the master bedroom. I'll need to wait and be patient there while he sets things up in the master. We head back downstairs for a beer and wait for Carla, the blonde.

Twenty minutes later the sound of a car pulling into the driveway boots us into action. He grabs a fresh brew from the fridge, hands it to me and glances toward the ceiling, my cue to make tracks upstairs. I park in the small bedroom, beer in hand. I can hear small talk downstairs and eventually it goes pretty damn quiet. 

Soon after I hear footsteps on the stair and I duck from sight before he and she pass by the door. The room is dark and the one across the hall is barely lit by a single candle, but there was enough light for me to lurk in the shadows as they undressed. She has a real rockin' body, nice C cup tits, dirty blonde hair to her waist and a sexy little landing strip. He fastens a black silk scarf over her eyes, tying it firmly behind her head. He then rolls her onto her back. His face meets her crotch and he goes to work with his tongue, in no time at all eliciting moans and some of the most obscene language I've ever heard from a woman's mouth.

Suddenly he stops. He reaches for a small plastic container and from it removes an ice cube. First he touches it to one of her nipples. She flinches as he does and then he does the other nipple. After letting her just lie there like that for a bit he begins sucking on the nipples alternating between one and the other. He reaches into the container again but this time produces two clothespins which he then proceeds to fasten one to each of her nipples. Her breathing has intensified, she is almost panting, wondering what will come next.

He then instructs her to kneel on all fours on the floor. No sooner has she complied does he slap her hard enough on the ass that it leaves a crimson hand print on her porcelain skin. The ice cube is again employed, this time to soothe the sting that remains from the slap. He reaches between her legs and explores her crotch, eventually inserting his middle digit inside her then after withdrawing it, offering it to her to suck on which she hungrily does. I have been standing naked in the doorway for several minutes, stroking myself as I watch. He signals to me to enter, then with an open hand gestures toward her there on all fours as he draws away. 

Positioning myself between her legs I press the head of my cock against the slit of the succulent piece of slutfruit that peeks at me from between her cheeks. Pushing harder I bury my manhood in her hot juicy cunt then begin a rhythmic motion, in and out. Every other thrust she squeezed my tool with the walls of her cunt. I felt good and I fucked her hard, making slapping noises every time I made contact with her cheeks. My hands went to her hips, holding on and at the same time urging her on.

He approached her from the front, holding his cock just inches from her face for a while as he stroked it before eventually pressing it against her lips and then into her mouth. That moment was short lived as she suddenly realized what was going on, pulling away abruptly.

"What the fuck?" 

"Its OK baby, I'm right here."

"If you're right there, then who the fuck has his dick buried in my pussy?"

"Meet Dave baby."

"Hi Carla."

"Hi Dave, pleasure to meet you, I guess."

"The pleasure is all mine."

"Ooooh! Believe me, that is definitely not the case. Deeper Dave, Harder! Fuck me good."

I proceeded to do as told, eventually blowing my wad deep inside her, but not until after she had climaxed a couple times and he had cum in her mouth. It was fantastic, almost as spectacular as the time I had treated C to a similar visitor while she was blindfolded. 

I dressed and slipped out of the house before he removed the blindfold. He and I have twice since then arranged to all three be at the same place where she will be able to hear my voice but not see me. He says it drives her nuts and they end up having incredible sex afterward. He says next time he's going to tie her spread eagle and let a woman and I take turns eating her out.

Can't wait.