 I suppose it was sort of asking for trouble even taking the job. I never kept house worth a darn in real life and now I was supposed to be working as a maid. But there aren't a lot of jobs in Montana, so the hotel job in ski season was about the best thing I could find. And I probably would have lost the job the first day if Katie hadn't come along to show me how to do it pretty well and pretty fast.

Katie was kind of a big girl, as tall as most boys and not exactly fat but big-boned, I guess is the way people describe girls like her. Just big in all directions. Me, I'm not exactly skinny, I've got big hips and big boobs, but in a curvy way, I never had trouble attracting attention from guys, where Katie seems like she'd scare a lot of them off. But she was real nice about my not having a clue about cleaning, and as I got better at the job, we got to kind of be friends, and would hang out after work together once a week or so. It was nice to just have a friend friend after breaking up with my long time boyfriend-- we'd gone out since junior high, but as soon as we moved in together he turned into an asshole, always flirting in front of me and putting me down. When we broke up he said it was because I was letting myself get fat. I told him he was letting himself get mean and stupid, and between the two of them I'd pick fat. That pretty much put a permanent end to things right there.

One Friday night I asked her if she wanted to go with me to have a beer after and maybe rent a movie. She said something in reply that surprised me. She said she had made friends with an older couple that were staying at the hotel, and they had invited her to eat dinner with them. She often seemed to take an interest in the people who stayed at the hotel, a lot more than I did, but I didn't expect it to go that far. Seeing my surprise, she explained that they were friends of some guests she had gotten to know well a few months back, but that didn't really make it seem any less surprising-- so now she had two sets of close friends among the guests passing through? Oh well, it wasn't any of my business, really, so I went into town and had a couple of beers, running into somebody I knew from high school. A quiet night, all in all.

The next morning we were cleaning the rooms on the second floor and we came to one room that had really been kind of torn up-- I don't mean they wrecked things but both beds were used and stained, like people had been doing it in both. In fact, it had to have been more than two people, unless they made a point of messing up both beds. I made an offhand comment to Katie-- "Looks somebody had a wild night in here."

She looked at me funny for a minute, as if she was deciding whether to tell me something. Then she said, softly, "Yes, we did."

I was shocked. I mean, the idea had occurred to me that the couple who'd invited Katie to dinner was interested, you know, that way. But it was one thing to think that in the back of my mind, it was another to have her admit it right where it had happened. I couldn't think of anything to say, so I just put my head and down and got down to stripping the bed as quickly as I could. When Katie tried to ask me something, I just said "It's your business, it's none of mine," and went on down the hall to the next room.

Things were pretty chilly between us for a few days but after a while I realized I really missed her-- there weren't many others to talk to, she was the closest friend I had there. So after cleaning rooms separately for a few days, I just kind of slipped back into the routine of working with her in a pair. It seemed to go faster that way, I told myself.

The second day we were back together-- I mean working together-- Katie waited until we were joking around and in a good mood, and then suddenly she said, "So I guess I shocked you the other day."

I turned away. "I said it was your business. None of mine."

"But you're my friend. Did it shock you to learn what I've done?"

"I don't know what you've done and I don't--"

"Fucked a man and his wife. On several occasions. Different ones."

I turned bright red and turned away again. "Katie, if that's what you choose to do--"

She put herself in my face. "You're judging it and you don't know about it," she said. She took my hand and sat me down on the bed, next to her, holding my hands in her lap. I really didn't want to have this conversation, but it looked like I had no choice.

"So what, you just fuck guests you like?" I asked.

"It's not like that at all," she said. "It started with this couple I met here in the summer. A really nice older couple. I didn't have any friends here. They took an interest in me. But it wasn't only that they were nice to me-- they were the first people I'd ever met who liked my size. Who saw that I was strong and beautiful. Who wanted to worship a strong, powerful and sexual woman like myself."

"Worship? Is that what you're doing in bed with them?" I said, pretty sarcastically.

"Yes it is," Katie said, unbothered by my skepticism. "In past cultures the fat woman was a symbol of strength, fertility, and health. Only today do we worship the skinny girl who starves herself. These people all know this and believe it, and they hear about girls like me who are willing to be worshipped and share the bounty of their big bodies with those who admire them."

"So what, it's like a secret society of fat girl lovers or something?" I asked. "What do they do, meet in a cave or something?"

"No, I think they read dirty stories about BBWs on the internet," she said. "That's how they get to know each other. Or sometimes, one of them meets a new girl with the right shape to take part, and she initiates her into the group."

She looked at me and I looked at her. Fine if that was how she wanted to rationalize what she was doing, it was her business, but it was the biggest bunch of crap I'd ever heard--

And then she kissed me. Softly, on the lips, and I let her do it, let her go on. Then she pushed me backwards onto the bed. I should have fought her off, but I missed her, and something was stirring in me, it felt good to have her on top of me, her warmth and softness and bigness as she kissed me, stroking my cheek, and I kissed back and she caressed me, stroked me, held me, rubbed against me, covered me with her weight, mashed her breasts and rubbed her legs against mine as her kisses and hot breath overwhelmed me.

God, it had been a long time since anyone had made love to me like this. It hadn't been much like this in the last year or so of living with my boyfriend, or in any of the other, very few, relationships I'd had. She was making love to me, not fucking me. She was lighting a fire in me. She was--

She was worshiping me.

"Did you lock the door?" I whispered.

"I did it when we came in," she said.

"God, you know what you want, don't you," I said.

"Yes, I do," she said, and she started to unbutton my top. A quick reach behind and my bra popped open and my big boobs spilled out, sliding to each side. "You're so beautiful, Amy," she said, and then she lowered her mouth to one nipple and began sucking on it, licking my fat tit, at the same time her hand starting to slide up my leg and inside my skirt.

"Show me yours," I said, suddenly full of curiosity for my own sex. Had I always been like this? I didn't think so. But I wanted her touch, now, all over me. I wanted to feel like this all the time. Jesus, I hadn't realized how horny I was.

She smiled angelically at me and pulled her uniform over her head, then quickly removed her own brassiere and panties. She was huge, big boobs, square shoulders, big round ass, thick trunk-like thighs.

I sat up and pulled my uniform over my head, too. Unfortunately I noticed that it had already soaked up some of the wet spot on the middle of the bed. She knelt between my legs and grabbed my panties, then pulled them down. "Uh, it's kind of wet on this bed," I said.

"Yeah, I know," she said. "I fucked a couple from Seattle there last night and this morning. It's just cum and pussy juice. Isn't it kind of a turn-on?"

"Uh, not really--" I started to say, but then she forced me to flip over and I found my boobs squished down into the wet spot, while she spread my legs and started licking me from behind, her tongue gliding up my slit, her nose pressing into the crack of my ass. She smeared me all over her face as she sucked at my clit for a couple of minutes, me riding her face rhythmically as my boobs slid around in the gooey cum and wetness on the bed.

Then she lifted her face and slid a couple fingers into my pussy. I thought I was about to explode but then she did something that shocked me even more-- she started licking my asshole, pushing her tongue into my ass. She did that as her fingers fucked my pussy and I felt my orgasm explode within me.

She climbed up higher, kissing my neck, rubbing my back and the cheeks of my big butt as I still lay face down, my boobs in the pool of warm wetness on the bed. Now she climbed on top of me, her weight pushing me down even harder into the bed, and I felt two fingers go into my pussy from behind and a third one slide gently into my ass. She fucked me from behind, fingers sliding in and out of both holes, as she kissed my neck and back, saying "Amy, you're so beautiful, I want to share you with my friends, I want you to know what it's like to be truly worshipped as the big beautiful woman you are."

"I'm getting some idea," I said as her weight pushed me into the bed.

"What can I do for you, my darling?" she said as she continued to fuck my ass and my pussy with her fingers. "What can I do to show you my devotion, to worship you as you deserve to be worshipped?"

I pulled myself out from under, turned over, and thrust my big boobs, covered with her pussy juice and the cum of the man she'd fucked, into her face. "Worship these," I said.

* * *

Katie was insatiable, she liked licking me out every day during our shifts at the hotel, and often as not we'd go home together and we'd spend a few hours fucking each other with some of her toys, spreading chocolate sauce on our tits and licking it off, or watching porn while slowly caressing each other. Hell, there was nothing else to do in town, it was nice to have your evenings all taken care of like that.

Then she got a message from a guest coming to the resort in a few days. She told me about it while I was going down on her. "No, I'm not going to do it," I said.

"Don't stop licking me," she said, her big ass grinding into the bed inches away from my face as she rubbed one of her big round tits.

"Well, you started the conversation," I said, grabbing a big purple dildo and sliding it into her to keep her occupied while we sorted this out. "I'm not going to fuck some strange married guy just because of your religion of fat girls."

"Oh, in my ass, stick it in my ass," she said, flipping her huge body over and sticking her ass out at me. I pulled the dildo out of her pussy and started pushing it, slowly, past the ring of her asshole. She reached past her hanging belly to her clit and started rubbing it. "What if you only fucked her?" she said, although it came out more like "her-er-er-er-er."

I thought about for a moment while I pulled the dildo slowly out of her ass and then rammed it back in. "What does she look like?"

"I dunno, but I'm sure we can scope them out when they check in," she said.

"Okay," I said.

"Okay, but he gets to watch," she said.

"Whatever," I said, twisting the dildo in her ass as she came.

* * *

They turned out to be big spenders from Texas, Burt and Sue Ann, and before we even met they sent us special outfits to wear-- I had a thin, partly see-through gown and a flowery wreath headdress, Katie had the same gown but some leather riding boots and a riding crop. Well, this was going to be interesting, I guessed.

We met in their suite-- the fanciest one in the hotel-- and Sue Ann had filled the room with lit candles and put on some kind of New Agey nature sounds CD. She was a big gal herself, almost six feet tall and busty and round-hipped, wearing a thin spaghetti strap blouse which she filled out and spilled over, jeans into which she seemed to poured, and black cowboy boots with high heels. I had put on my outfit in the bathroom and came out holding a candle, which lit up my big its swaying inside the see-through gown. I walked slowly over to her and she took my hands and we kissed. Then she untied the back of my gown and let it fall to the floor, leaving me standing there nude, my big ass and hanging tits shown off to them all.

Over on the couch Katie and Burt were curled up with each other, kind of petting but mainly watching us. Sue Ann licked one of my nipples as I nuzzled her neck. I rubbed her tits under the thin cotton blouse, then pulled it up, leaving her looking in her jeans and high heels like some kind of a faun creature. She pushed me back onto the bed and started kissing her way down my stomach, her nipples tickling their way down my chest and tummy. Then she spread my legs apart and started licking me. "I think you've done this before," I said.

"Never to one as beautiful as yours," she said. Which probably wasn't true, but you know, these BBW-obsessed folks are sure good for your ego.

I looked over to the couch and Katie was pulling down Burt's pants and, as his erect pole sprang up, she immediately started licking it. At the same time she tickled his ass with the riding crop. I got the impression he liked it.

Suddenly I needed to be doing Sue Ann. I sat up and pushed her off me, then rolled her onto her back and pinned her wrists down, then gave her a big wet kiss, licking my juices off of her face as I did so. As I did that Katie took a pulled up her nightgown to reveal a strap-on dildo. She pushed Burt onto his face, ass up in the air.

I nuzzled Sue Ann's soft belly, then started unbuckling her belt and unsnapping her tight jeans. In a moment I had them off and I was spreading her big thighs to reveal the steamy snatch in between. Katie pressed the dildo against Burt's ass and I saw it slide slowly in. I licked at Sue Ann's wet, slippery pussy while Katie climbed atop Burt, dildo in his ass, and whipped his butt with the riding crop. I massaged her big ass and felt her trunk-like thighs squeeze my head as I smeared her juices all over my face. Acting on a hunch, I slid a finger into her ass, where plenty of juice had already run down, and she bucked even harder under my tongue, then two fingers went in, and she rode up and down on them as I licked her.

I looked over at Burt and Katie and now he had her face down as he pumped her pussy. I made Sue Ann roll over and now I buried my face in her huge butt, spreading her hams apart and licking my way down her ass. I climbed on top of her, my big tits smooshed against her back, and put two fingers into her ass, then started fucking her ass from behind, rubbing my own clit against the back of my hand while I fucked her with my fingers. Her hand slipped under her and it only took a few moments of frigging her clit before I heard her cry out and cum.

We lay there, holding each other close, while we watched her husband fuck Katie from behind, shaking Katie's big body with every thrust, her ass taking the shock waves, her dangly tits and belly swaying back and forth. Suddenly I knew I had to have some of that too, I hadn't had a real cock in months and, well, Burt's was the only one handy. I went over to them and made them stop, then I pulled Katie off the couch and lay down in front of Burt. He didn't need much convincing and quickly slid his cock into my pussy. God, it was so good, so good to have one in me again. Katie held my head and licked at one of my nipples, then Sue Ann came over too and kissed Burt while he plowed into me. A few more strokes and he pulled out and sprayed a thick shot of cum onto my belly, then another, and another, all of which Sue Ann and Katie competed to lick up off me. Once they had done so, they each kissed me in turn, caressing my big tits, my soft saggy belly, my big round ass. I loved the feeling of having so many hands and tongues running over me, male and female both, caressing my tits, licking my clit, slurping around my own tongue, nuzzling my toes, telling me how beautiful my large round tits and big wide ass and soft tummy and thick, sturdy legs were.

It's good to be worshipped, it really is.