 This is a 'follow-on' to 'Karen's Medical Madness,' which was also first published under the name of NewForester' some years ago, but can now be found under my current author name of Rockycoveboy. I hope you enjoy.

***

The house looked imposing as Karen looked up at it from her car parked outside at the kerb. It was 10o'clock on a rainy night and the street lights played a silent tune on the puddles in the road and on the pavement as other traffic went by, and Karen wondered if this was a good idea. 

Two days ago she had become 25 years old and had spent the afternoon at the solicitors discussing her final inheritance, receiving a cheque for £250 thousand from the handsome man on the other side of the desk. He was in his forties and obviously quite keen to make an impression on the now rich, attractive young woman-future business might depend on it and, anyway, she certainly was attractive, dressed to thrill and bubbling with excitement.

The solicitor, Mr Stamp, had casually mentioned to Karen that she would be most welcome at a small party that was occurring on Saturday evening at a house in town, and he had given her the address-it wasn't to celebrate anything, just a few business friends that he knew, but she would be able to enjoy a glass of champagne or two as part of her new found wealth-not that he would dare to discuss Karen's financial situation at a party-that would be professional misconduct. Karen thanked him for the invitation, said she would think about it and then made her way to the bank to deposit her cheque.

She had decided to discuss her finances with the bank, to see how best she could get her money to work for her, and had made an appointment to see an advisor in a couple of weeks time, but she had driven straight back home to the flat to wallow in the wonderful situation that she now found herself in. 

It was January, she was 25 with her own flat, a decent part-time job, a flash sports car, loads of money in the bank and a superb, attractive face and body-life was very rosy.

She had decided to go to the party and had looked forward to it, but now as she sat in the street on this horrible, wet, dark night, she was having second thoughts. She didn't know anybody apart from a short business meeting with Mr Stamp, the big house looked cold and imposing and it would be far easier to drive home again and enjoy the TV with a nice bottle of wine.

She could hear music thumping out of the front windows of the house but could see no lights, but she told herself that she had gone to so much trouble to come this far that at least she should go in, even if it's only for a short while.

Karen had treated herself to a startling light brown suede dress that fitted tightly all round her shapely body, fairly short but long enough to hide the tops of her tan stockings, and rounded the outfit off with brown high heels which accentuated her long, shapely legs-her underwear was, as ever, immaculate. 

Finally, Karen plucked up the courage, alighted from the car and slung her long white mac round her shoulders. The house was right up above the level of the road and as she pushed the gate back shut, she was faced with at least two flights of concrete steps up to the front door. She felt the night air round the top of her thighs as she made her way up the steps and could hear the music getting louder, but still no lights emanated from the building. At last she reached the front door and turned to look back across the whole of the lit-up town. A wonderful view, thought Karen, as she turned back and wrapped at the huge front knocker, only just hearing it herself above the music.

She was about to wrap at the knocker again when suddenly the brass handle twisted and slowly the door eased back-still no light on in the hall but as she looked in, Karen could see cigarette smoke drift upwards as shafts of light flickered across the hallway from various rooms. 

'Ah, you must be Karen,' said a female voice, 'come in, we've heard so much about you, we didn't think you were coming.' What have they heard, thought Karen!!

The voice was almost shouting to be heard above the music, but Karen was more intent at looking at the woman's attire than listening to what she said. The ginger-haired woman, in her thirties, was dressed in a black bikini top with tassels hanging down to her firm, trim waist, and her only other garment was a pair of flimsy black panties, almost see-through and very, very tight. She was bare-legged and wore very high-heeled black sandals.

'Ginger' carried a glass in her hand and almost pulled Karen through the door as she spoke, dragging the mac from Karen's shoulders as she ushered her along the hallway. As she passed one door, Karen could see heaving bodies dancing to the loud music in the flickering lights, and more people in another room were just standing and talking and drinking. She saw a flash of silver hair on a tall man in yet another room as she was ushered by and then she heard Ginger say, 'Come and get a drink,' and on they went down the long hallway to the back room which was obviously where the 'bar' had been set up, and was probably the kitchen. 

Karen spotted Mr Stamp, the solicitor, and as he came over to say hello she, again, was rather taken aback by his attire. Gone was the business suit from the day job, and in its place were leather trousers and a flowery open necked shirt-a relic of yester-year thought Karen, but he still looked handsome and attractive. 'Ginger' disappeared with Karen's coat as Mr Stamp reached her through the smog. 

'Hello Karen, glad you could make it-we'd almost given up on you. Have you got a drink?,' and just then Ginger reappeared with a glassful of reddish liquid and thrust it into Karen's hand. 

'Here you are, it's home-made punch, you'll love it.'

Karen took a sip and found it rather pleasing, with a firm kick in it's tale, and then found Ginger grabbing her arm, telling the solicitor, 'I'll take Karen through to meet a few of the others. Come on Karen,' and the two women moved back into the hallway and then on into one of the dark rooms where the music was thumping and the lights flashed round and round the dancers in the centre of the room. 

'Let's have a dance, Karen,' and Ginger held the blonde woman's arm and pushed her gently into the midst of dancing bodies and began to gyrate to the beat. Karen had put her glass down and took up the rhythm opposite Ginger, other bodies close up in the sweaty, pulsating room. She watched Ginger's body move easily to the music, the taut waist beneath the tassels, and the skimpy pants thrusting to each loud beat. Karen herself quickly got into the dancing mood, swaying easily only a few inches away from Ginger's body as the throng of people all moved tightly against one another on the floor.

A young woman, only a few feet away through the movers on the floor, was draped round a middle-aged man, her crotch gyrating slowly against him and her open mouth clamped securely to his, while his hands moved slowly but surely across the thin dress stretched tightly across the cheeks of her bottom. 

As the music continued, an arm suddenly came round Karen's waist from the rear-'Hello Karen, it's lovely to see you here, Arthur said you might be coming'.

It was Doctor Williams from the surgery where she worked-and the perpetrator of such a wonderful sexual experience for Karen the previous summer. The last person Karen expected to see here was Clare Williams but at least it was a familiar face.

'Hello Doctor Williams'

'Clare, please call me Clare, Karen. You look beautiful tonight, what a stunning dress'. 

'Thankyou. Who's Arthur?' enquired Karen.

'Arthur Stamp, the solicitor, he's a friend of ours.' 

The penny now dropped with Karen. The silver hair she'd noticed previously was almost certainly Rodney Smith, another Doctor at the surgery, and they all must be part of a group of friends, thought Karen. Clare Williams' arm was still round Karen's waist and was holding her firmly as Ginger carried on gyrating to the music, almost touching Karen as she did so.

Karen could smell the musky perfume and see the beads of sweat on Ginger's lip as the woman moved sensuously close up in front of her. Another arm went round Karen from the other side only this time it was bigger, firmer, stronger-and black.

'Who's this beautiful young lady then, Clare-you must introduce us,' and as Karen turned she looked up into a beautiful black smile, gleaming white teeth and a massive frame. 

'This is Joey, he's a Doctor at the hospital. Joey this is Karen.' Karen could see he only had on a tight white singlet and cream slacks and looked magnificent, his ebony skin glowing in the smoky lights, and his fingers twitching at her body round her waist through the suede dress. Clare Williams moved to face Ginger and began to move to the music, and Karen was able to see her short, tight skirt move over her shapely legs, and the strap of her bra through the almost see-through white top. As Joey continued to look admiringly at Karen, she found her drink and took another gulp as the heat of the room was now getting to her. 

'Come on Karen, we must dance together,' and Joey pulled her back onto the floor, almost next to the man dancing with the young woman. The woman now lolled her head on the man's shoulder, her arms round his neck, as his hands had by now drawn the dress up over the woman's stocking tops, exposing the white skin at the top of her thighs, and he was gently caressing her cheeks through the very thin, tight panties. 

Joey's frame immediately engulfed Karen as he put his arms around her neck and waist and pulled her into him.

He started to move Karen slowly as the music thumped its beat, and Karen found herself squeezed right in to the hulking body of her dancing partner. She didn't mind though, as she was getting into the mood of the party, enjoying the home-made punch, and she was quite content to allow herself just to lean into Joey as the pair moved slowly against one another without actually taking any dance steps. Karen felt the muscles of his arms round her and rested her blonde hair on his massive chest, and as the music went on, he too moved an arm down from her waist to lay it comfortably on her swaying bottom. 

This is nice, thought Karen, and as the music went on, Joey's hand on her bottom gently pulled her into the groin of his body. Immediately, Karen felt the firm manhood that was fully erect and being held against her waist, and she almost sighed with the pleasure of feeling a rampant cock close to her once more. Nothing was said, but Joey held Karen's bottom firmly into his groin and made a point of pushing in, releasing, pushing in, releasing, and Karen joined in the excitement of this erotic rhythm on the dance floor. 

She noticed the young woman and her partner kissing once more, her dress rucked up round her waist, and his hand had now gone inside her little panties and was caressing the naked skin of her ass. Even more surprising to Karen as she looked around was the sight of Ginger and Clare Williams embracing as they danced.

As the Doctor's hands held Ginger around the waist, Ginger was undoing the buttons on Clare's blouse until she was able to embrace the Doctor round her back and waist, on her naked skin. Just as Karen was looking forward to their next move, a strong hand held her head up and Joey's mouth descended onto her lips from above, kissing her strongly and searching out her mouth with his tongue. Karen immediately gave in and opened her lips wide, giving herself to this passionate embrace while still feeling the strength of Joey's manhood pushing at her intimate region just below her waist.

Karen realised that this was not just a party for polite drinking, eating and dancing, making idle chit-chat with social acquaintances, but more like an intimate gathering of people who knew that inhibitions could be lowered and caution thrown to the wind for a few hours and, perhaps, anything went. She was quite high herself, however, having become very rich only a few days previously, the closeness of the gorgeous Joey, the drink taking its effect and the actions and demeanour of the people around her.  

She was enjoying the firm tongue moving around in her mouth, the hand on her bottom and certainly the feel of the hard penis being ground into her body through her clothes. As Karen reluctantly broke away from the passionate kiss, Joey's hand on her bottom was suddenly joined by at least two other, softer hands, and then Karen felt herself being surrounded on the floor by Clare Williams and Ginger who had made a triangle, with Joey, around her.

They all continued to move gently to the music, but Ginger and Clare each had a hand on Joey's waist and their other hand was placed on Karen's lovely ass through her dress. 

Joey took Karen's hands and placed them on his shoulders, holding them firmly there, and then he lowered his lips once more to seek out Karen's mouth for another passionate embrace. All four of them were huddled close together on the floor, moving to the music, and Karen enjoyed the experience of having her bottom fondled by two other women as she kissed the black Adonis holding her tightly, restraining her hands. Not that she needed restraining. 

Clare and Ginger moved in closer to Karen as they all danced, their arms going firmly round her waist and their bodies pressed up tightly to her. Ginger's hand moved slowly back to the firm bottom, and gradually the hand moved up the back of Karen's dress, across the delicious curves of the ass, up the spine and onto the neck. She caressed the strong neck as Karen continued the snog with Joey, and then Ginger firmly but gently pulled Karen's head round to face her own, at the same time pulling Karen's body round so that the two women's lips were only inches apart. 

The hungry lips met, startling Karen, but this was no time to stand on ceremony or protest, and Karen met the female lips full on and gave in immediately to the wonderful, wonderful sensation of french-kissing another woman. Ginger's arms went round her neck, aiming not to let go, and the couple were still surrounded by Joey and Clare Williams.

Ginger's tongue seemed to get into every nook and cranny of Karen's mouth as she searched relentlessly, ensuring that Karen's mouth remained active and open during the sensual onslaught. It seemed an eternity to Karen when she heard Clare's voice say, 

'Now me, Ginger, now me!,' 

and the Doctor's arms pulled her away from the Ginger woman and straight away she moved her lips over the young blonde woman's mouth to continue the oral intrusion that her friend had started. She also placed Karen's arms around her waist, inside her open blouse, and pushed her body tightly to Karen's curves. 

As she began to enjoy Clare William's mouth on her, Karen felt Ginger's hand on her bottom, rubbing hard at the dress material, and then the hand moved below the hem and back up onto her bare legs above the stocking tops, caressing softly the insides of the thighs, inching upwards until she was able to drag a finger along the underside of Karen's panties, feeling the wetness that had been generated. 

Ginger moved round behind Karen, so that Karen was wedged between the two women, and Ginger moved up tight to Karen's back, at the same time moving her hand round under Karen's dress until it reached the front of the pants and she could feel the tufts of pubic hair through the material. For the first time, Karen let out a quiet sigh, into the enveloping mouth on her, and slightly opened her legs to the searching fingers on her panties. 

None of the others on the dance floor seemed to be taking any notice of these occurrences, particularly as there seemed to be far worse going on around them in the dark, smoky, heaving room. The young woman and her middle-aged man had disappeared, but others were heavily caressing and petting one another and, after all, Karen was enjoying the feelings and saw no reason to stop the proceedings.

Joey seemed to have left the group as Clare and Ginger carried on their explorations of the succulent Karen, Clare now coming up for breath and pulling Karen's head into her shoulder as they smooched to the music.

Ginger's hand had moved inside the minute panties and was now playing with Karen's cunt, concentrating on teasing the clit that was moving to attention at the head of the wet lips. Karen was wet, she really was wet, and there could be no doubt now that she was enjoying immensely the sensations that were happening.

Free of Clare's mouth, her sighs and groans were now audible to the other two, and then she felt two fingers move into her wet lips and push gently into her body. 

'God, ahhh, yeeeeees,' and she briefly went up onto tip-toe as the fingers moved inside her, but then they were just as quickly withdrawn. 

'Come with us Karen,' and Clare didn't wait for an answer as she took Karen's hand firmly and pulled her towards the door to the hall. Ginger held her other hand, and as they made their way up the stairs, almost in the dark, they passed the young woman kneeling with her head bobbing up and down into the groin of her dancing partner.

He, in turn, was sitting on the next step up, stroking the woman's hair, ensuring that her head remained in place between his legs, carrying out its wonderful duty to fulfilment. The two took no notice of the three women that passed them by and Clare quickly went on into an open door which was obviously one of the bedrooms, closing the door behind them but not switching on any of the lights.

Immediately, Ginger returned to Karen's mouth with her own, searching out the tongue again, and her hands went back under the short dress, pulling the hem up and up to the waist, and grabbing the cheeks of Karen's ass with both hands. Clare, behind Karen, moved to the zip at the top of the dress. The zip came down in one go and hands moved the dress off the shoulders so that it dropped to the floor, leaving Karen in her stockings, shoes and underwear.

Clare Williams' blouse and bra had also ended up on the floor and she nuzzled into Karen's back, pushing her breasts hard into the young shoulders, as Ginger and Karen slobbered at each other's mouths.

'Oh Karen, I've never got over your beautiful body since the day at the surgery,' murmured Clare as she licked and nibbled at the body in front of her.

'I want you again, to explore you and bring you more pleasure---oh, you gorgeous creature!!' and as she mumbled the words, she was snapping open the pretty bra holding Karen's firm breasts in place. Karen, becoming fully embroiled in the erotic atmosphere, had pushed her hand inside Ginger's tight pants as they continued their french-kissing, and she began to push her fingers up into the open lips of the willing cunt.

'Christ Clare, she's rampant and wants it, don't you Karen? Thank God you arrived. We couldn't wait for you to get here-you are a little minx aren't you? Take her over to the bed Clare,' and the two older women led their 'captive' over to a large double bed against the wall on the far side of the room. 

The duvet was puffy, warm and inviting and Karen was gently pushed onto her back as the two women sat either side of her on the edge of the bed. They ran their hands up the stockinged thighs, caressing the nylon and skin, and they gently eased the legs apart so that they were able to move onto the sodden panties that had been pulled up tightly into Karen's pubic area.

Karen felt exhilarated once more. She remembered the way that Clare Williams had taken control at the surgery, even directing the actions of Rodney Smith, and now she was willing to be subservient once more, be controlled, obey any instructions and give in to all the erotic sensations that might come her way. Christmas had been quiet, with no family to share it with, and she had not been to a party apart from a few drinks with friends at the gym just before Christmas. She had missed the bodily needs of a young woman, and had had to make do with pleasuring herself when the need arose, so now she was willing to enjoy whatever intrusions might be sought from her. She knew Clare Williams was discreet, although Ginger seemed to be aware of previous dalliances, but she was happy to cast caution to the wind and enjoy the evening for what it had to offer. 
