 Mia moaned loudly feeling the intense pressure build from Ralph's young thick cock. Her pussy convulsed around him as he held her hands down to the bed, forcing her to submit to his will. She looked up at him, her striking green eyes filled with a firey lust that never burns out. His thick cock filling her milf cunt, slamming back and forth like a jackhammer. Her hips rolled in circles as he pounded. His eyes were shut and Mia knew he was close to filling her soaking wet pussy with his cut cum. 

"Yes fuck... Fuck me hard baby.... Cum for your dirty milf." She moaned out words of encouragement. He was young and eager, she was his first woman with true experience. Far superior to the normal college girls he fucked. Mia was not just a mature woman though, she was something more. A true milf slut, who's goal is to please like none other before. She takes pleasure in knowing that she is the best fuck someone will ever have. She lost count of how many men she has been with, but she knows they all would say the same thing. Mia is a skilled woman when it comes to anything sexual. 

"Holy fuck... Mia.... Im... Uhh, I'm cumming!" Ralph breathes out, feeling her contractions around his hard thick dick. Then she felt it, her favorite feeling in the world. The explosion of cum filling her. She let out a moan, grinding her hips, milking his cock of every drop that she could coax out. Mia didn't know Ralph very well, just that he graduated from college recently and he moved in to the apartment next to hers. In fact, the only thing she knew about him was that his cock was big, and when he fucked woman they were loud. She knew this because she could hear them at night. Not that Mia cared, she actually enjoyed it. She loved hearing others fuck, partly because she wasn't hearing it she was being heard. Her moans never did grow very loud, she hasn't screamed during sex since her 30s. This wasn't because she enjoyed it any less, but she knew those soft sensual moans sounded so much sexier than the high pitched wails many girls start off doing. She felt his cock soften inside of her as all his cum dripped from her cunt. He rolled off of her, out of breath. He looked at her and kissed on her neck. Mia smiled and rubbed her hand on her cum filled cunt. She scooped some of his load that was oozing out her cunt and she brought the sticky liquid to her lips and licked it off. 

"Yummy." She teased smiling at him. He laughed, to exhausted to do much else. Mia knew that he never had a fuck like this before. She smirked and put her somewhat legs over the bed to stand. Her thick milf ass covered in scratches and hand marks. It bounced as she walked over to the chair where her clothes were. Ralph was immobile, only able to watch the sex goddess dress back up. She slides her pink panties over her ass. She felt his cum still dripping out of her. She smiled a bit, knowing that his cum would be in her panties for the remainder of the day. 

"I have to go to work now love, I'll see you later." Mia told Ralph, still unable to speak he just nodded and waved at her. She smirked throwing on her T shirt so she could walk back to her apartment.

As she left she could hear Ralph whisper under his breath

"Holy fuck..." this made Mia smile. Mia opened the door to her apartment and walked in. The smell of the coconut air freshener filled the air, complete contrast to Ralphs which even before they fucked smelt of sex, cum, and sweat. She inhaled and paused feeling satisfied with her morning thus far. She strolled over to her closet, looking over the different options, she picked a Button up shirt and a skirt that she could flaunt her nice juicy ass in. She slowly undressed in front of her window, anyone up this early deserves to see a view that would start their day off on a good note. Mia was not just a good fuck, she would be desirable even without her skills in bed. Her blonde hair was straight, perfect for pulling on when she was being taken from behind. Her hair fell to about her mid back. She had olive tan skin that is soft to the touch. Her ass stuck out perfectly, not so tight it didn't have any bounce to it, but not fat either, just perfectly juicy. Her legs were thick, muscular, and were perfect for locking mens heads in when they decided to go down on her. Her pussy was not tight, it's what happens after two kids and enough sex to where it could be deemed she's a pro by now, yet it was not loose either. In all honesty for as much as its been through it is tight. Her pussy hairs were trimmed down, only leaving about a strip which sometimes Mia waxes off when she grows tired of it. Her hips accented her legs and ass very well, they were not so wide that they looked fat, but certainly you could hold them while fucking. Her stomach was mostly flat, she did not have abbs as she once did while young, but she still kept her stomach flat. Her breasts were magnificent, 34 D cup breasts that she would show off in most of her clothing. Men would droll over them when she decided that they should make an appearance. Perfect for cradling cocks. Her nipples perky and big, when she was horny they would pierce through any fabric. She was horny often. Right above her breasts were a few freckles, most likely from laying out in the sun so much. Her face was very pretty. Big green eyes, full lips, long eyelashes, and a nose and chin that were perfectly structured to fit her face. As she dressed she looked herself in the mirror. A nod of approval and she walked to the kitchen, grabbed a granola bar, and left for work. She turned and smirked as she passed Ralph's door, imaging he is still laying in bed in awe. 

Mia arrived to work a bit early, Monroe Highschool was a big school filled with plenty of students. All the boys in her class loved her, and the girls were jealous. She loved telling the boys to stay after class, and letting their teenage imagination run wild. The ones who were 18 she would even flirt with. One time at graduation she fucked the star quarterback as a 18th birthday and or graduation present. She remembered sucking him off while still wore his graduation gown. It was the only student she ever had. Mia knew that 95 percent of her male students want or wanted her. She also was sure about 50 percent of the girls did as well, the ones who didn't hate her at least. She wouldn't be opposed to it, she loved being with women as well as men. Despite the fact she loves her students, Mia doesn't enjoy her job. Its very routine, and lacks much excitement. Mia has a plan to change that though. Tonight is the parent teacher meeting, and Mia has a plan to make her night very thrilling. 

The bell rang, her last class of the day. Troy, a young man came up to her as she was leaving and Mia could tell he was very nervous speaking with her. Troy wasn't a popular kid, he was a year older than everyone else being 19, this was because his parents held him back in kindergarten because lack of socialization skills. Mia liked him though, he was sweet and always a good student. His papers were very well done. "Ms. Baker, I um mm... I won't be able to attend class tomorrow. I um mm I just wanted to tell you so you knew I wasn't skipping. I have a Doctor appointment." He said softly, his eyes were fixed on her breasts. Mia smiled sweetly at him and nodded.

"Okay sweetie." She stood up and bent over to pick up her accordion folder. She felt Troys eyes lock in her ass which she swayed a bit pretending to look for a paper she already found. She turned to look at him and smiled a bit

"Here you are love. This is what you'll be missing. Just turn it in whenever you get a chance, and good luck at the doctor." She straightened up and handed him his assignment. She hugged him close, pressing her body to his. He was tall, skinny, and had red hair. She could feel that his cock was growing and she bit her lip trying to suppress a moan. From what she felt Troy was a pretty well endowed young man. She pulled away, his binder covered the hard on he was supporting. He blushed and smiled. 

"Thank you Ms. Baker." He nervously said before heading out the door. Mia giggled a bit taking a seat once more. She scanned the empty room, imagining the fathers and mothers who are going to come in tonight. 

When the time finally came for the meeting Mia unlocked her door and a wave of parents came filing in. Each parent took a desk. There were 50 in total sitting in the room. 20 fathers, and 30 mothers in total. She smirked a bit studying the room. She turned and bent down a bit getting out two separate piles for the folders. One for fathers and one for mothers. On the outside the folders looked the same. Plan and blue. Inside both was the course curriculum and overview of expectations. The only difference between the two were that in each fathers folder was an invitation reading "Spend the night with Ms. Baker. Midnight @ Monroe Highschool room 238" With a selfie of Mia, her big tits proudly displayed. Her eyes lustfully looking into the camera. Her legs spread teasingly showing off the trimmed hairs of her cunt. She leans back on her desk and smirks seeing the shocked look on the mens faces as they turn to the last page. She winked at one when her wife wasn't looking. "Okay" she said taking in a deep breath "Lets begin." 

Finally, the meeting ended after about a half hour. Her pussy dripped as she shook the hands of some of the parents as they left. A few waited for their wife to leave the room to whisper things like "I wish you were my teacher." , "Can't wait for tonight." Her favorite was when the most attractive man whispered "Tonight I'm gonna fuck you like the slut you are." It was Mr. Walker, the father of the schools star basketball player, and it was easy to see the apple didn't fall far from the tree. 

While driving home Mia wondered how many would show up to her little party. Would they all go? Could she handle 20 cocks? 20 different men cumming in her or on her. She moaned and felt her pussy leak at the thought. She hurried into her apartment to put on her sexy lingerie. Black and see through, tight to her body like a corset. She dressed again in front of the window, giving a show to anyone walking by. She even gave her cunt a rub then tasted the pussy juices. She imagined one of her neighbors was hiding in the bushes watching her. She loved the idea, and often she would share nude photos of herself online. She loved to show off and be seen. Tonight could easily be the most she's had at once.

She drove back to her work, a few dads were sitting in their cars waiting for her. She smiled at them as she walked to her class. Quickly they followed. She unlocked her door and told the men to wait outside for the others. It was only 11:45, so still plenty of time. She locked the door behind her and took off the coat she had covering herself up. She jumped onto her desk and spread her thick legs a bit, gently tapping on her cunt. Her eyes fixed on the clock waiting for midnight. The voices grew louder and she could hear she was getting quiet the crowd. 

When midnight finally struck, Mia was shaking with anticipation. She unlocked the door and the group came rushing in. "Please have a seat." Mia directed taking a seat on her desk. She scanned the room and the total count was 15 men and one woman who came to watch her husband. Mia smiled at her "Care to join?" The woman shook her head "No, just watch. I love watching." She said softly. Mia smiled at her and nodded. 

"Very well then, so you all are heard because you got my flier. Now here are the rules. Since you all are heard tonight, your child will automatically pass my class with no less than a B average. The only way this changes is if someone finds out about this little fuck fest. Now I give you permission to use me however you'd like. I'm incredibly submissive, and take pictures, videos, whatever. Understand that it is a one time thing okay." 

The men nod and Mia lays back on the desk spreading her legs. "Take me." She whispers throwing her head back and closing her eyes. She feels the slaps of hard cocks hitting her body. All 15 men surround her. Quickly she opens her mouth, alternating between sucking on the three closest to her mouth. Her full lips wrap around each cock. All varying in sizes, but the most impressive without a doubt was Mr. Walkers. His big black throbbing cock slapped against her tingling cunt. Two men started tearing off her clothes, and Mia didn't even budge. She felt four cocks slapping at her tits. One on her clit. She grabbed two men and started rapidly stroking their cocks. The woman could be heard in the corner, she stood up and walked closer, taking a seat in Ms. Bakers chair.

"Do you like using this slut Thomas?" The woman asks kicking her feet up on the desk and began rubbing her tight wet cunt. 

"Yes Sarah, she's such a fucking good whore. Look how much she loves it." Mia feels a hard slap on her face by his cock. Eagerly she spits out one and focuses on eho she now can identify as Thomas. Her tongue flicks around his cock head and he slaps the heavy cock to her tongue. Two men grab and grope her big natural breasts. She feels the familiar sensation of a new cock sliding deep in her cunt. She moans loudly around Thomas' cock. He grabs the back of her head and starts to face fuck her. One of the men who's cock she was sucking earlier let out a groan of pleasure at the sight and sensation of stroking over the sex craved woman and he shot the first load of the night. It covered her forehead. She loved the feel and let out a moan. She spit Thomas's cock out to speak. 

"Elimination game. When you cum, go sit down and watch." She says moaning out, rolling her hips on the cock that pounds her. She looks down and sees two men fighting over her desirable cunt, pushing each other to slide in. Another man steps up to replace the man who just came. Thomas's wife runs her hands up Mias body, to Thomas's cock and she takes him in her mouth. Thomas lets out a groan of pleasure at the loving touch of his wife. Mia lays with her head hanging off the table. She strokes rapidly on two cocks that stand beside her. Her big tits bouncing, and Marcus Walker starts slapping his dick on her breast. She moans as the other 6 men stand around her, rubbing their cocks waiting on their turn. Marcus puts a knee on each side of Mia and slides his massive black cock between her perfect natural tits. He holds them together as he begins titty fucking her. She moans around the cock that is deep down her slut throat. Once he releases her she is immediately replaced by the other. Alternating between the two mens cocks. One short and thick, the other longer but more thin.

"God you're such a fucking whore. You like being fucked like a slut by the fathers of your students don't you, fucking cum slut." Marcus moans as he fucks her breasts. The men who were previously surrounding her form a line. 

"Lets take turns dumping our loads in her. Fucking slut, she's made for this." A voice Mia identifies as Matthew Waring ton, father of Malcolm who was the valedictorian of his class. Mia spreads her legs, her cunt gushing. Moaning around each cock that fills her throat. The man with the longer cocks head is tossed back as he holds Mias head still till his cock is firmly pressed to the back of her throat. Her face starts turning red as she gags on his dick. He slaps her face a few times forcing the cock deeper down. Then finally he spasms. His balls tighten and another man shoots a hot load, filling the teacher whores throat. She swallows every drop. He pulls out and another string splashes on her chin and down to the top of her breast where Marcus is using her. 

"Fuck Ms. Baker, you are a fucking goddess." The man says who Mia can tell is David Taylor. His son Aaron was a shy kid, but a very good writer. 

Before she can get another word out, the other mans cock replaces his. Thomas and his wife were now both naked, and he was fucking her standing up, pinning her to the whiteboard. Her hips bucked and rolled and she felt her pussy juices flow as her cunt began contracting. Her orgasm flooded over her and she slurped sloppily, moaning on the mans hard thick cock. Her tongue rolled in clockwise directions. Her hips bucked upwards and she moaned loudly around the cock making it vibrate. She came all over the cock that was inside of her and she continued wildly rolling, fucking him back so he feels a sensation like no other. 

The feel of her juices flowing is quickly replaced by a quick intake of hot cum. The man grabbed onto her hips and rapidly fucked her through his own orgasm. Filling her used pussy with his hot seed. As soon as he finished another was quick to replace. Marcus got down from his position between her tits to get in line. A few men grabbed the belts from their panties and took Mias wrists. They bound them both together leaving her immobilized. She loved the helpless sensation and it encouraged her to more eagerly suck the mans cock. Perhaps to eager because in one swirl of the tongue he came, the mans load shot rapidly down her throat. He moaned, grabbing one of her big bouncing tits. 

"Oh fucking slut. Yes. So fucking talented." The man who Mia recognized as Isaiah Robinson said. His son was in band and would often flirt with her. He gave her breast a slap and sat to watch with the others. Finally, she was able to look down at the line of men. The line of ten eager men stood behind. Fucking her currently was Philip Rodgers father of Eric who was a bad student who slept in every class. He pounded her cunt with as much force as he could. His cock was a little below average but still very satisfying to her. His hands grabbed at her breasts. He pinched her perky nipples and slapped at her tits roughly. His hand ran up her tits to her throat and he began to choke her. His grip was just loose enough if her throat. She turned her gaze to a moment on Thomas who was fucking his wife in Mias chair. She rode his cock and Mia could tell he was getting very close. His wife was cute, not the sexual goddess Mia was but still, red hair, small perky tits, and skinny. Mia found her desirable. Philip released his grip on her throat and finely she was given the privilege of breath. 

"That's it. I want you all to fuck you students whore teacher. Use me. Fuck me angry. Fuck me as hard as you desire." Mia moans out rolling her hips. Her bound hands held high above her head. At the words Philip came hard, harder than any other. The string of cum felt like a jet shooting into her. She couldn't help but yelp as he came. He moaned and pulled out, landing a last few spurts on her stomach. Philip too tired to say anything, just walked back to his seat exhausted. 

The next man up was Cooper Washington. His daughter was Millie. A cute girl that enjoyed the assigned readings but struggled with essays. Coopers cock was very good, almost rivaling Marcus's. It was long, hard, and thick. Mia watched as he walked toward her face. "Ass up." He ordered. Mia obeyed and rolled over. Another man pulled at her legs. She was not able to get a look, but when Cooper said "Ready Ryan." Mia knew it been Ryan Harris, who's daughter was Millies best friend Kendra, a smart student who never missed one class. 

In what seemed like one movement both men penetrated her. Ryan took her cunt from behind, grabbing a handful of Mias long blonde hair. The other hand slapped her on her juicy ass. Cooper started fucking her throat, using it like a pussy. Relentlessly both men powerfully thrust. Ryan spanking her over and over like he was addicted to watching her thick milf ass bounce. She felt the eyes of the room burning on her as she was used by the two men. 

"Marvin, take her ass. I want to have her ride me." Ryan said to him. She felt his cock slip out and soon Ryan was under her. He thrust upwards into her cunt. Her big natural milf tits slapping him in the face as she rolled her hips in a circle fucking the thick cock. Marvin, father of Maggie Hopkins slide his hard cock deep into her ass. Mia felt both men slapping, gripping, and scratching on her ass. The three men brutally used her.
