 Author's note: This true story is a sequel to A Night To Remember, or Forget?, which can be found among my other stories. I think you'll enjoy it more if you read them in order, but this one stands alone pretty well. I am very grateful to my good friend who shared part of her life with me.

*

I must have passed out from the orgasm. It was thunderous and shook me to my very core, apparently rendering me unconscious for quite some time.

As I awoke, our bedroom was still very dark. The clock on the nightstand told me it was a few minutes after four. Snoring away next to me was my husband Ben, the man who had given me the orgasm by licking my pussy over and over before finally taking my clit between his teeth and sending me tumbling off the cliff.

But as I thought back on the night's events, I knew that Ben was not solely responsible for my incredible climax. It had been building all evening while Ben and I attended a party at Mike and Terri's, who lived just down the street from us. Mike and Ben were both police officers working out of the same precinct. They were also friends.

In the stillness of the bedroom I remembered how Mike had danced with me and "felt me up" crudely at the party. But I also remembered how aroused I'd been by the feel of his huge cock snaking along my belly as he pulled me to him.

And I felt my face flush again as I thought about how a half dozen or more other cops at the party had touched me intimately as I danced with them. You see, Mike had told them that I would be willing. But the only reason I was willing was that Mike threatened to tell all the guys in the precinct about the affair Ben had had with a young nurse after spending time in the hospital following a major car accident.

I was both shamed and aroused by the unwanted attention. But my humiliation was complete when Mike drove my drunken husband and me home, then forced himself on me right there in my own living room with Ben passed out not five feet away.

But despite my anger and humiliation, my body responded to his touch, to his incredible cock. It was far bigger than any I had ever seen before and certainly much larger than Ben's. The fact that I had a tremendous orgasm as he took me there on the couch, made me feel like a total slut.

But then, in the early morning hours when Ben finally came to and came to our bedroom, my humiliation was complete. Over my objections, Ben climbed between my legs and lapped at my cum-filled pussy until I came again . . . came so hard that I passed out. 

Now, here I lay, sticky with cum, sore from being fucked so aggressively by Mike's huge cock, and guilt-ridden because I had allowed my husband to unknowingly taste another man's spunk from my pussy.

The tears began to roll down my cheeks as I lay there silently in the dark, wondering how in the world my life could be any worse than it was right at that moment.

I tried in vain for a couple more hours to fall back asleep. But when I saw the numbers on the digital clock flash over to 6:00 a.m., I thought I might as well get up. Ben was not far behind me, staggering out of bed about 6:30 because he had to work an early shift. Of course, he was terribly hung-over, having drunk so much the night before.

I made a pot of coffee and we sat sleepily around the kitchen table drinking in silence. I couldn't bear to look at Ben, knowing what had happened last night. And I think he felt a little guilty, too, for drinking so much that he was passed out through most of the party.

"How did we get home last night?" he asked, sounding almost as if he was talking to himself. His dark eyes looked dull and droopy and his close-cropped brown hair was matted on one side of his head and sticking up at an odd angle on the other. Ben was not a handsome man, but he was quite strong, packing a lot of muscle on his 5-10, 185 pound frame.

"Mike drove us and helped pour you into the house."

"Well, sorry about that," Ben offered, and I knew I couldn't expect any more apology than that.

"Do you remember anything after we got home?" I asked, trying to find out how much he actually knew. I was so torn at that moment between my shame about what had happened and my need confess.

My hands were shaking so much I could barely hold my coffee cup. I was so upset with Ben and his affair and what Mike had forced me into doing as a result. I know it makes little sense, but I felt somehow guilty. 

So I broke down cried and told Ben what had happened. . . . about all the men at the party . . . about Mike fucking me right there in our own living room.

"And I just allowed it to happen," I said between sobs, "to try and keep everyone from knowing you fucked that nurse!" By the time I finished I was screaming at him.

Ben went very quiet as I told him why it had happened. Tears filled his eyes and he reached across the table and put his hand on top of mine. "I'm sorry, Marilyn," he said, his voice barely above a whisper. "I wish I'd never seen that woman."

As I looked at my husband's face, trying to figure out what might be going on inside him at that moment, I saw his expression change. "You're saying that Mike fucked you after he brought us home last night?"

"Yes." My heart was beginning to beat faster.

"And then I came to bed later . . . "

"Yes." I knew where he was going with this, and I began to get scared.

"And I licked your pussy?!" The full weight of what had happened was clear then.

I saw the color begin to rise from Ben's neck, flooding upward over his face. His jaw tensed and he clenched his fists. He'd never gotten physical with me before, but I was afraid this might be the first time.

But suddenly, his face just sort of went blank. No expression at all. I thought it was probably something he learned to do when he had to deal with so many difficult situations as a police officer. He had to have a way of putting his real feelings on the back burner in order to keep from going crazy sometimes.

He got up from the table, mumbling something about having to get to work. I watched as he walked through the kitchen door. But right before he turned the corner so that I couldn't see him any more, he glanced over his shoulder.

"Tell Mike I know what happened and I will see him at O'Malley's after work." And then he was out the door.

I just sat there and stared for what felt like an hour at the spot where Ben had been standing. His words just kept running through my mind, and I had absolutely no idea what they meant.

Of course, I knew that Ben wanted to meet Mike after work. But what did he mean by that? Was he going to beat him up? Was he going to ask for more details about last night? God only knew!

As I sat there, my mind flew off in a thousand different directions. Thoughts of what happened the night before kept flooding back . . . the dancing . . . the groping . . . Mike threatening to tell everyone on Ben's shift about his affair. 

And, of course, I thought about him taking me. Fucking me right here in my own living room only an arm's length from my drunken husband! Yes, I had tried to resist him. Yes, he had forced himself on me. But, my god, how I had enjoyed it! And how he had made me cum!

And then I got mad. At Ben for putting me in such a position. At Mike for obvious reasons. And at myself for enjoying the whole disgusting experience like a common whore. I was ready to exact some revenge by describing the whole sordid episode to Terri, Mike's prim and proper wife

But most of all I thought about the size of Mike's cock. I closed my eyes and remembered how that large purple head had spread my wet pussy lips so easily. And the length. That thick shaft had found places in me that no other man had ever touched, especially not Ben. It was as if I could feel it again at that very moment.

I was ready to charge over to Mike's house right then and tell him that Ben knew, to try and scare him the way I was scared right then. I wanted him to feel some of the embarrassment and shame that I was feeling. But I looked so bad that I couldn't leave the house without cleaning myself up a bit.

So I climbed into the shower and let the warm water rain down on my poor tired body. I massaged the shampoo into my hair and then washed my mound thoroughly to remove the vestiges of the shameful sex the night before.

After I dried myself, I had this feeling that I needed to look good when I went over to confront Mike. I know it sounds crazy, but that's how I felt. So I fixed my shoulder-length brown hair and put on my makeup. As I looked in the mirror, I thought I didn't look too bad for a married woman of nearly 30 . . . not what you'd call pretty, but certainly not hard on the eyes.

As I slipped on my padded bra, I wished that my breasts were bigger, but I thought to myself that a lot of women would probably envy my long shapely legs. I turned around and looked over my shoulder at the mirror.

"Your ass ain't so bad, either, Marilyn," I said to myself.

After I was dressed and ready to go, I sat in the living room and watched out the front window until I saw Terri drive past on her way to work. Then I took the short walk to Mike's house, knowing I would find him there on his day off. My hand was trembling as I rang the bell. 

As soon as he saw me, his face broke into an arrogant grin. "Missing me already?" 

Mike was a big man, tall and muscular. He was at least 6-2. His jaw was square and his face was almost handsome, had it not been for a nose that was somewhat misshapen . . . probably from a fight somewhere in his past.

But he was attractive to women. I had seen how the other cops' wives had flirted with him at the party. I wondered if it was because some of them knew what a magnificent piece of equipment he had in his pants. 

I had been flattered that he had taken such an interest in me at the party. I was flattered, that is, until he used me like his own personal sex toy.

With an exaggerated wave of his hand, Mike motioned me inside. As I walked past him into the living room, he followed closely, reaching out and rubbing my backside. As I stopped, he moved up close behind me. His hands reached around to fondle my breasts and pulled me back towards him. 

I could feel that huge cock pressing hard against me, and my nipples hardened as he twirled them between his finger and thumb. I had to fight the urge to simply lean my head back on his shoulder and allow him to fuck me right then and there.

He leaned his mouth close and whispered, "Ready for a longer session or another quickie? I know you loved it last night, and you are going to love it even more this morning." 

Summoning all of my will power, I tried to pull away, but he twirled me around and pulled me close. This time his hard cock nestled its way between my legs and pressed firmly, deliciously against my clit. He grinned, knowing he had found the right spot. 

But just as his mouth was about to cover mine, I blurted it out. "I told Ben what happened last night and he wants to see you at O'Malley's after work." 

Mike visibly paled and I could feel his cock begin to shrink. He pushed me away, and I could see that he was frightened. Like everyone in the precinct, Mike knew Ben's reputation as a fighter. He usually reserved that skill for the bad guys he had to deal with in his job. But Mike had seen him in action and wanted no part of my Ben when he was angry. 

"You told . . . what . . . why . . .?" Mike was having trouble forming a coherent sentence at that moment. And I didn't wait for him to collect himself. 

I had delivered the message and felt that I had gotten some measure of revenge for the night before when I saw the fear in Mike's eyes at the thought of having to confront my angry husband. Neither of us said another word, and I walked out the door and back to my house.

The rest of the day dragged by, as I waited for Ben to get home. I prayed that he had not done anything stupid—not that I worried about him hurting Mike. I just didn't want Ben to get into trouble.

Ben's shift ended at 5 p.m. And five came and went. Then six, then seven. I was about to go out of my mind with the waiting. My stomach had this hollow feeling that you get when you just know something bad is about to happen. 

Finally, just after eight, I heard the front door open and I raced to the living room to see if my husband was still in one piece. As I rounded the corner from the kitchen, I stopped dead in my tracks. My face flushed and my knees just about buckled beneath me.

Just inside the front door stood Ben. Behind him, wearing that arrogant grin, was Mike!

Now it was my turn to be speechless. My lips tried to form words, but nothing came out. I swallowed hard, tried again. Still nothing.

"We talked about it," Ben said. "He apologized. It's time to move on." 

That was my Ben, a man of very few words. I wondered what had been said during those three hours at the bar, but I never really expected to know for sure.

Then it was Mike's turn. "Listen, Marilyn, I'm really sorry about, you know, last night. I didn't mean for things to happen like that . . ." 

Suddenly, I felt this huge wave of relief sweep over me. My husband was in one piece. Mike wasn't dead or beaten to a pulp. My anger with Mike began to melt away as I realized that we might, indeed, be able to put last night behind us.

"I'm starving," Ben said, "can you make us something to eat, babe?"

How's that for getting back to normal in a hurry!

The two men sat on the couch and made small talk while I went into the kitchen and stirred up some omelets. It was the best I could do on short notice. I even joined them, as I hadn't eaten all day. I had been simply too worried about what Ben might do.

After the omelets, Ben suggested some beers, and the three of us had one, then another. We moved on to vodka and Coke, and it wasn't long before all of us were feeling a bit drunk. 

Then, out of nowhere, "Did you enjoy his cock?" I couldn't believe what I'd just heard my husband say. I stared at him, thinking surely I'd misunderstood.

"Well, did you?"

"No!" I shot back reflexively. Then, for some stupid reason, I told the truth. "It was too quick for me to...." 

The room went silent for a long time, as my words sort of hung in the air.

Finally, Ben broke the silence. "Let's play cards, Mike." And the two of them started playing blackjack.

A few minutes later, I came back in with fresh drinks, and they asked me to join them. I decided I'd enjoy that more than being their waitress for the evening. As the three of us played one hand, then another, the sexual tension in the room was palpable. Not only had the two men apparently come to some sort of understanding about the night before, but my husband seemed to have developed a fascination with it.

Each time Ben or Mike shuffled the cards, the sound broke the heavy silence in the room and made me jump just a little. Every nerve in my body was on high alert.

"All right, kids, let's up the ante a bit," Ben said. "How about some strip poker?"

"Oh, no," I shot back. "I'm not that drunk." 

But, in fact, I was that drunk. Or perhaps I just wanted to see that wonderful cock of Mike's once more. Whatever the reason, I finally agreed.

"But that doesn't mean everything comes off," I reminded them, trying to hold onto some shred of modesty. 

So the three of us continued our card game. But, this time the stakes were much higher. Mike and I sat on the sofa (where he had fucked me just the night before) and Ben was in the chair across from us (where he had snoozed through it all). A low coffee table with a glass top was between us.

It will come as no surprise that the clothes quickly came off. In no time, the men were sitting there in only their boxers. I was down to my bra and panties. Without being too obvious about it, I tried to glance out of the corner of my eye and see if I could make out the outline of Mike's massive cock. I could.

And I wondered if he could see the growing wet spot in the crotch of my white cotton panties. I could tell by the look in his eye. He could.

The next hand, Ben drew three of a kind and Mike had two pair. My pair of jacks made mine the low hand, and it was time to take something else off.

"Okay, game over," I said, trying to stand up.

"Come on, babe, take your bra off," Ben whined. "You did it when we went to that beach in Florida."

I felt two sets of eyes locked on me as I slowly reached around and unhooked my bra. I put my hands over the cups and pressed them against my hard nipples. I held the bra to me for a long time as the straps slid down my shoulders. The men's eyes never left me.

Finally, I let my hands fall to my sides and the bra dropped into my lap. I think all three of us gasped just a bit as my breasts came into view. My nipples looked like two dark pink bullets as they pulled the soft, pale skin of my breasts tight with their arousal. 

I leaned my head back against the couch, thinking that they had finally seen what they wanted to see. A soft sigh escaped my lips. I suppose it was sort of an involuntary sign of surrender.

I assumed the game was over when Ben excused himself and went to the toilet.

Mike suddenly seemed very close to me there on the couch. I leaned over to pick up my drink from the coffee table, and his hand ran under my breasts and teasingly flicked across both nipples. I turned towards him to protest, but he pulled me tight and kissed me.

I couldn't speak as he took my mouth, parting my lips with his tongue and thrusting it inside roughly. Then, as he was invading me, he pulled my hand downward. He guided me to his stiffening cock, and I once again marveled at the size of it. As soon as I touched it, I felt as if an electric shock had been applied directly to my clitoris.

But we quickly broke our embrace when we heard Ben returning. We leaned back against the couch, Mike with his huge erection and me with nipples that were even harder than before. 

Instead of returning to his chair, Ben joined Mike and me on the couch. I was now sandwiched between them. Ben looked at my hard nipples and quipped, "Must be cold." Then he leaned over and flicked his tongue over my breast.

When he was through, he sat back and looked at me, then at Mike. "Your turn Mike." 

I was stunned! But before I could protest, Mike took my right nipple between his teeth, while Ben did the same to the other one. Then I felt a hand on each leg, sliding along the insides of my thighs towards my very wet pussy.

I turned toward Ben, who was now resting his head against the back of the couch with this far away look in his eyes. I felt Mike reach around from behind and pull my panties to one side. Ben looked down at Mike, as his fingers snaked their way inside to find my dripping cunt. He said only one word, "Enjoy." 

"No, I can't. Last night was mistake!" 

But Ben kissed me fully on the lips as Mike entered me with one, then two fingers. I slumped back against the couch and turned my face toward Mike. I could clearly see his cock emerging from the top of his shorts. I reached inside and grasped it, wrapped my fingers around it and began to move it slowly up and down.

My fingers could barely reach all the way around the thick shaft, and a good four inches protruded from the top of my hand as I gripped it at the base. It was truly a magnificent cock! 

I took Ben in my other hand and was quickly reminded of the difference in size between the two. As I gripped my husband's member at its base, only the head peeked out from my fist. 

I felt Ben move closer to me, his lips right next to my ear. "Suck him." I couldn't help but gasp at the sheer nastiness of those words coming from my husband's mouth.

But I didn't hesitate, either, even though I rarely indulged Ben with oral sex. The thought of tasting Mike's huge cock set me on fire. I almost dived for his lap, taking him in my mouth, feeling his wonderful width, then the length. I sucked, gasped, pulled his balls into my mouth and finally moved back to the head, blowing, sucking and teasing. 
