 For you guys that don't like reading stories about wives being shared with buddies and getting gangbanged, don't bother reading the following story or leaving any mean comments. For those of you'd that do, read on and leave your comments.

This is one of our stories of our public gangbangs. On our recent trip back from Vegas, we were getting horny thinking about some time alone just the two of us in the motel room we had booked. We had been together only a couple of times during the last two weeks while she worked at the whorehouse and we were looking forward to some loud hot sex together.

"It will be nice to be able to let loose and make some noise." Tracy said

"Yeah. I am very horny and miss your special skills that everyone else has been using for two weeks now," I said laughingly.

"I'm really horny! I don't think I can't wait another 2 hours till we get to the hotel." She said as she squeezed her thighs together her hand buried between her legs.

"Well, we can make a quick rest stop and at this time of night if were lucky I can sneak you into the men's room stall."

I really didn't think she'd go for it. Tracy was always worried about getting caught but if she gets going she's one of the hottest sluts I've ever known.

After few moments of hesitation she got this mischievous look in her eye and said, "OK. Lets do it."

"You really mean it?" I asked.

"Yeah. I'm so horny if we don't stop soon I'm going to have to rape you in the car." She said.

The rest stop was coming up so I pulled our car in. We lucked out. There were a couple of truckers sleeping along the truck lane but no cars in the car lane. That meant we would probably be the only ones in the bathrooms. I could sneak her into one of the stalls in the men's room before anyone else showed up.

"Hurry up before someone comes," she said.

I took a quick peek in the men's room and sure enough it was empty.

"All clear," I called and she quickly ran with me into the last stall.

We quickly closed the door. We were in such a hurry that we didn't check to make sure it latched. She slid her jeans and panties off with one motion and pushed me down on the seat to help me off with my pants. As she grabbed my hard cock and started fisting it she giggled and said

"I can't believe we're doing this."

I just laid my head back against the cool wall and moaned as her talented lips wrapped around my cock head. I pushed the spaghetti straps of her top down her shoulders exposing the fullness of her 36DD cup breasts. 

"Don't do that too long," I said. "I don't know how long I'll be able to hold out."

"We can't have that!" she said as she straddled my lap and pointed my manhood towards her pussy lips. She rubbed the engorged head over her clit and between her dripping snatch and then began to impale herself on my bulging cock. She let out quite a loud moan which seam to last forever as she sank slowly fully onto my raging cock. 

It was then that we heard the voices coming into the men's room. 

I grabbed her head and closed my mouth around hers in a passionate kiss to try to muffle her moans as she continued to lift up to almost pull off of my cock and the drive down hard again.

The two men that had heard her moans were now outside the door to the stall. I could see their shadow and when one of them leaned up against the door to peek through the crack the door swung open. There we were. My wife's naked bottom bouncing up and down on my hard cock, and the two men staring at us dumbfounded. To my usual amazement she kept right on fucking. She seemed to get even hornier at the thought of being caught. 

"Don't stop! Fuck me hard! I'm so horny. I need more cock!!" She was pleading now.

The men didn't need a second invitation and had their pants down around their ankles in no time. The first one, a tall thin white guy came up to her mouth and pulled her head to his cock. She took it in with the look of someone starving and sucked half of his thin long 8 inch cock down her throat. Her cheeks sucking inward with the pressure. The second man a big husky black man started rubbing his cock along the lips of her pussy. 

At first I thought he was going to try to stuff it in along side of mine but it turns out he was just lubricating it so he could stuff it up her tight ass. When she felt the head of his fat cock pop past the ring of her rectum you should have seen the look of surprise.

I thought he might tear her apart and was going to stop it, but as he shoved his 10 inch monster up her poop shoot she started to come again. Her moaning now was nonstop. Her moaning around the cock in her mouth was having an effect on the first guy and he quickly rammed his whole cock deep down her throat and started to cum. 

I watched Tracy's throat as she tried to swallow his cum. The excess was escaping around her lips. The black man was now deep in her bowels and I could feel his cock through the thin wall between us. This was too much for me and I pulled out and sprayed my load on her pussy hair.

Tracy was on one long orgasm. "Fuck me you bastards. I want more cock!! FUCK ME!"

The first guy must have gone out to tell other truckers because three more men came in. There cocks were already hard and they were stroking them. The black man in her ass now turned around and sat down on the seat leaving Tracy sitting on his cock with her legs spread wide and her pussy exposed and dripping with her juice. The biggest man, fully 6'4" and sporting an enormous 10 inch cock moved between her legs and with one swift movement rammed his whole cock deep into her pussy. 

"Yeah! Fuck me hard you bastards!" Tracy was in a frenzy. 

She wasn't thinking now just acting on her animal urges. As the man started fucking her in earnest I thought about the fact that no one was using condoms and Tracy. We were playing Russian roulette disease, so I ran out to the car and grabbed a dozen or so condoms for the guys to use and handed them out to the guys waiting. I told the guys that they could fuck her anyway they wanted, but that they could not cum in her, just on her.

One of the other men pushed past me and shoved his cock into Tracy's waiting mouth. The man in her pussy was fucking her hard enough to lift her up and down on the cock buried in her ass. 

When the guy in her ass started to cum filling her ass it was enough for the guy in her pussy and I watched as he drove deep into her and his balls pumped shot after shot of baby juice into my wife's pussy. The cum dripped from her snatch, as he pulled out. The lips never closed. 

She lifted off of the cock in her ass and got down on the floor, on all fours. She didn't have to wait long to be filled though. The next two climbed on her. One shoving his cock down her throat and the other taking her doggy style. 

Tracy started jacking me off as she sucked and fucked and I just loved the great view as she was fucked by one cock after another. I counted five more loads of cum that the guys dumped on her. The last was the big black guy from the start. He wanted seconds and to fuck her pussy this time around. Tracy was glad to oblige.

I figured we better get out of there before too many more truckers showed up. I got her out to the car and back on the road just as several more trucks pulled into the rest stop. I think the word was getting around. Tracy looked quite content. A Cheshire cat grin on her face as she fell asleep with cum drying on her face and dripping down her legs and pooling on the car seat. She didn't want to ruin her new jeans and road home naked from the waist down. 

END