 This Sunday she answered the door wearing a tight white tank top, obviously with nothing underneath, and a very short blue skirt. She smiled and greeted him, and as usual, he struggled with not being too obvious in checking out her sexy figure. She loved his efforts.

She took the pizza from him and set it down on a nearby chair. Looking very apologetic, she began to explain to Rob, the pizza delivery boy who had delivered to her faithfully each week, "I have a bit of a problem today. You see, I left my purse in my friend Tracy's car, with my cash and my ATM card in it. I thought I'd be able to get it back before you got here, but she's not home and hasn't been answering her cell phone. I feel like such an asshole, I don't know what to do."

Looking up from her tits, where his eyes had obviously wandered, he just said, "Oh, wow that sucks." For a graduate student, one would think he would be a little more articulate than that, but she knew he was after all just a man, and he was certainly distracted.

She took a step closer to him and looked like she was about to speak. She stopped, looked down at the floor with her finger on her lips, in a contemplative gesture. She stepped forward again, and leaned against him to whisper in his ear. Her breasts made contact with his broad chest as she spoke softly, "I could suck your dick."

She had just enough time to note his startled expression as she dropped to her knees and unzipped his pants. Before he had time to react, she nimbly pulled out his very erect member and sucked it right into her mouth. He looked down and saw her bobbing up and down on it, when she stood up and said, "Let's get away from this glass door." She grabbed ahold of his erection and led him to her bedroom like it was a leash.

She was pleased with herself. The boy had zero time to think, and now that she had started sucking him, there is no way he would stop her at this point.

She laid him down on the bed and tossed his sandals on the floor. Still in shock with what was happening so fast, he was nevertheless accommodating as she pulled his pants down and off. "I never do this, you know. I just feel so bad and you are such a nice guy," she explained, while he saw her eyes alternate between looking into his eyes and looking at his rock hard erection, sticking proudly straight into the air.

She crawled toward him on all fours on the bed, eyeing his cock hungrily. She took it into her hand and directed that cock back into her mouth, moaning with delight as she did so. Conscious of how she just moaned, she looked up at him, gripping his shaft, and asked, "You don't think I'm a slut for doing this, do you?" Her could see her hard nipples straining against the thin fabric of her white tank top. 

He watched her stroking his hard-on, coated with her saliva, with the head of his cock just inches from her pretty face. She had a somewhat pouty expression. Her lips glistened as she looked up at him, wanting his approval. "No," he managed to stammer, "no, of course not." 

"Good," she smiled, never unlocking her gaze from his eyes as she swirled her tongue around the bulbous head of his penis, making a slight slurping sound as she licked up his precum leaking from the engorged tip.

He groaned as she sucked him further and further into her mouth and expertly stroked him. He was pretty sure he had never had a better blowjob before this moment, and he could tell this woman loved what she was doing. "So it's okay if I do this?" she asked, not waiting for an answer as she continued to suck him. 

"Yes, it's very okay," he replied, panting. 

"Oh my God, Rob, you have such a beautiful cock," she said lustily as she squeezed his shaft and just looked at it for a second, admiring it throbbing in her hand. "I don't normally talk like that, you know," she said, moving her face lower to lick his balls.

He looked down at her, face nuzzled in his balls, and her very shapely ass sticking straight up in the air as she did so. The sight of the curve of her ass cheeks against that short, tight skirt, along with the feel of her expert mouth working magic on him, made him groan in ecstasy.

In one long, smooth stroke, she licked from the very bottom of his ball sack all the way up the shaft and to the tip, which she quickly sucked into her very hot mouth, and resuming enthusiastically bobbing up and down on it, sucking him even harder than before. "Mmmmm," she moaned, "So this isn't really that slutty of a thing to do, right? It's not like we just met," she rationalized.

"No, that thought wouldn't even cross my mind about you," he assured her, as he was getting closer and closer to cumming.

Vigorously jacking his cock, she looked up at him and said in her sexy voice, "I want you to cum in my mouth. Would you like to do that?" Maintaining eye contact, she very slowly and sensuously licked up and down his long shaft, like a lollipop.

"Yes, very much," he replied quickly.

She smiled inside, loving the effect she was having on him. "And this has to be our little secret, okay?" she purred, as he simply nodded his head in agreement.

Resuming her blowjob, she felt his hands on the back of her head as he thrust himself into her mouth in time with her movements. He was no longer the shocked, innocent delivery boy, now he was a man with a strong desire to release the load of cum bursting to shoot out. She was aware that she was so horny she was practically drooling. Stacy had always loved sucking cock, and it was as if this cock was so tasty to her that she just salivated for it.

Just then, they heard a voice in the house. "Hello, Stacy?" the man bellowed, "Anybody home?" 

It was the voice as her neighbor, Charlie. She quietly explained to Rob, in a somewhat panicked whisper, that Charlie had said that he would not be able to stop by to fix her clothes dryer until Monday morning. Guess his plans changed, it would seem.

"Stacy, your door is open! Where you at?" he yelled, and she could tell he had moved into the kitchen. 

Rob's head was spinning, and all he could think about is that he was a few seconds from cumming in Stacy's mouth, and now she just gripped his shaft as it pulsed and jerked in her hand, as she was clearly trying to figure out what to do. "Just be quiet, he won't come in my bedroom, he'll just leave," she whispered. She smiled at Rob as she opened her mouth wide, and lightly bit down on the swollen head of his cock in a playful way.

"Stacy, it's Charlie, where are you?" It sounded to her like he had moved into the living room now. He was getting closer, and her bedroom door was open. She and Rob stayed still, frozen in fear.

Charlie stopped short as he came to the doorway of the bedroom, where he saw Stacy, bent over on all fours with a long, hard cock pulsing in her little hand. "Whoa," Charlie exclaimed, "Maybe you shouldn't leave your doors open if this is what you plan to be up to!" 

"Maybe you should just come back tomorrow morning, like you said, Charlie," Stacy replied, as if making an effort to hide the irritation in her voice.

Clearly in no hurry to leave, Charlie stood in the doorway and eyed the sultry sight in front of him. With her gorgeous ass sticking up in the air as it was, he could clearly see the better part of her cheeks, as her very short skirt had ridden up during her activities. He couldn't help but notice that Stacy was not wearing any panties either. She could feel his lusty gaze burn her skin as he surveyed her exposed ass and pussy. Stacy knew he could see how wet she was from where he was standing.

"Stacy, is that the pizza guy?" Charlie wondered out loud. 

"Good bye, Charlie!" she said with exasperation. Reluctantly, he turned and walked away. 

"Sorry about that, Rob," she began, returning her attention to where they left off, "I'll be a good girl and make it up to you, okay?" 

Before he could reply, Rob watched his cock disappear into her hungry mouth again. Moaning a little as she did, she was slurping away, stroking him firmly up and down as she greedily sucked him closer to orgasm.

A minute later, Rob saw Charlie silently emerge in the doorway again. This time, he was naked from the waist down. Charlie looked at Rob and brought his index finger vertically to his lips, as if to say, "Shhh," as he entered the bedroom. Stacy was far too engrossed in sucking the engorged dick in front of her face to know what was happening, especially since it was behind her and all the she could hear was the sound of the slurping sounds she was making on Rob's cock. Maybe if she wasn't so busy, she might have been able to hear the sound of Charlie stroking his own rigid cock, lubricated with his own saliva as he walked up behind her.

With her ass prone right at the edge of the bed, Charlie was able to aim the swollen head of his cock right at the entrance of her dripping, open pussy and shove it right in. Stacy gasped as he pulled it out a little, only to slam back in, this time all the way, balls deep. She cried out in ecstasy as Charlie grabbed ahold of her hips and, without any pretense, immediately started giving her pussy the pounding it clearly wanted. Never missing a stroke, Rob could feel her moan wildly into his cock as sucked him for all he was worth.

"I've been wanting this pussy so bad" Charlie declared, as he rhythmically thrust his dick in and out of her body. "Stacy," he continued, "I didn't realize you were such a slut that you would suck off the pizza guy." 

Removing the dick from her mouth, "Well now you know," she breathlessly replied, "Now shut up and keep fucking me!"

Rob could not believe that one pizza delivery could get so wild. He watched Charlie fucking Stacy from behind, as she devoured his cock in synch with the tempo of her fucking. She felt like such a whore being bounced back and forth between these two juicy cocks, and she loved every second of it.

They switched positions, and Rob and Charlie took turns fucking her over and over again, giving waves of orgasms until each man came twice. By the time they left, Stacy had swallowed the pizza boy's cum, had one load each on her ass, belly, and tits. 

As she lay on the bed, cum-covered and exhausted, she couldn't believe what just happened. Then, she realized she was hungry. 

At least she had a free pizza.

Later that night, when Charlie was lying beside Stacy in her bed, as he often did after her kids went to sleep, he asked her, "So, do you think the pizza guy had any idea that I'm your boyfriend?"

"No," came her reply, "I think it all went according to the plan. And your timing was perfect when you came into the house."

"I was getting too turned on watching you two from outside the window. I had to get in here and have my way with you," Charlie explained.

"I'll tell you what he does think," Stacy began, "Rob thinks I am the hottest slut in town. First, to be sucking his cock just to get a free pizza, and then I just let my neighbor come in and fuck me like that."

"What do you think about that?" Charlie asked.

"I think we need to do something like this again soon," she responded, rubbing his hard cock under the sheets.

And they had hot, passionate sex fueled by their experiences of the day, and the excitement of what would come next.