 "Holy shit," I exhaled.

Charlotte climbed off me and collapsed beside me on the bed. The morning sun was starting to work its way around the dark curtains that covered my bedroom windows. I laid on my back allowing my breathing to return to normal. I rolled over to see her lying there looking back at me.

Her green eyes stared at me and I wondered what she was thinking. The hint of a smile played on her lips. I leaned on my elbow and looked down at her. She lay there completely naked, one hand across her abdomen as if she was guarding her navel. Her other arm hid behind her head; underneath the mass of curly brown locks that framed her face.

The hand on her stomach moved to my groin and she milked the last few drops of semen from my softening member.

"Mmmmm, man goo." She purred.

I kissed her lips, her neck and gave her left nipple a gentle nibble and suck.

"I gotta pee." I stated and jumped outta bed.

When I got back to the bedroom she was already clothed and sitting on the end of the bed putting her shoes on.

"You leaving?"

"Yeah I've got some things to do today."

I knew better then to ask anymore. I watched her as she stood up. She pulled her hair back and up off her neck securing it with a hair tie. Her perky tits poked out against the thin fabric of her tank top. She looked absolutely gorgeous as always.

"Ok." I muttered as I pulled on a pair or shorts.

She walked over and before I could zip them up she had her hand inside and fondling my junk.

"Don't worry baby, I'll still see you tonight. Ok?"

"Yeah I know, I just hate seeing you leave..."

There was no point in saying anymore. We had been over it time and time again. She had moved out over a year ago and now I was a secret to her friends and family. It was something I had learned to deal with, I still wished I could see her more.

"I hate leaving."

She said it as she hugged me and I believed her. I hugged her back and heard her back crack.

"Mmmm, good one." She said as she almost went limp in my arms.

We kissed again and headed downstairs. I grabbed my cigarettes off of the coffee table and lit one.

"Can I get one of yours? I'm out."

I handed her the one I just lit and pulled another from the pack.

"Thanks hunny."

She kissed me and grabbed her purse and headed for the door. I picked up my crumpled t-shirt off the floor and pulled it on before slipping on my flip flops and following her to the door.

We walked in silence to her car and she hit the unlock button on her key chain. She kissed me quickly and got into her car.

"Ok, baby call me later."

"Sure hun."

She closed the car door and I watched as she started the car. I waved and she pulled away from the curb. I turned and walked back towards my house taking long drags off my cigarette. I had some plans to make.

The day came and went and as promised I had called Charlotte and we had chatted. Now I was waiting for her to show up. I had decided to take her to yet another porn shop. I had done some research online and found one in the area known to fairly popular because of their glory holes. I thought that this might be something new and interesting to add to our sex life.

She arrived around 9 pm, and called as she pulled up outside like usual.

"I'll be right there." And I hung up.

I checked my pocket to make sure I had the condoms I had previously bought. Grabbed my keys and locked the door behind me.

I hurried down the sidewalk to where she was parked. It was summer and the night was warm but a cool breeze was blowing. The windows of her car were down and I could hear one of her favorite bands playing on the CD player. She was already sitting in the passenger seat. She hated driving and besides she didn't know where we were going.

We had done away with the whole going out to dinner bit awhile ago, now it seemed like we only got together for fucking. It wasn't a bad deal, it did keep us from fighting.

"Hey hunny."

"How you doin?"

"Gooooood." She said it with her little grin.

"Awesome."

I checked her out sitting there in the car. Both of us had gone the casual route, me in a pair of camo shorts, sneakers and t-shirt. She was wearing a long camo skirt, sandals and another tank top. So simple but amazing as always.

"Where to tonight?"

"Oh, I thought we'd hit the adult toy store."

"The one we went to last time?"

"Nope, a different one."

"What was wrong with the other one?"

"Nothing, this one just has more features."

"Features? Like what?"

She opened her purse and pulled out a joint. She noticed me look at what she had.

"What? You don't mind do you?"

"I don't care."

"You gonna smoke some with me?"

"Nah, not tonight."

"So, what features?"

"I heard they had glory holes."

"Whats that?" She paused, and lit the joint.

"Is that those holes in the wall, and guys stick their dicks through em?"

"Yep."

"You're gonna let me play with strange dicks?"

"Yep. But I don't want you fucking any of them with out a condom."

She took a couple puffs and thought for a second.

"Well, I don't have any condoms. I guess we could buy some when we get there."

"Don't worry, I got it covered."

"Ok."

It took almost a half hour before I found the place that I had found online. It was a little shadier then the first place we had visited. The parking lot was a little more full, which I figured was due to what I had read on the Internet. The glory holes attracted some attention.

"Come on. Lets check it out." I said as I shut off the car.

"I don't know, I'm kinda nervous..."

"I thought this was what you wanted."

"I just didn't think there'd be so many people here."

"Well, lets go in and if we aren't comfortable we'll leave."

With that she relaxed a little and got out following me across the gravel parking lot to the stores entrance. Just like every other time, as soon as we entered everyone in the store browsing stopped and looked in our direction. We made our way towards the back where there was a very dim hall. It was quite similar to the first place we had gone except there were more eyes watching us as we headed toward the hall. I knew from the forums I had read that most of the time it was gay men preforming oral on the guys using the holes. I guess if you didn't have to see it, you could make yourself believe it was a girl on the other side of the wall. I wasn't sure how many females were seen coming in here.

Finding an empty viewing room we entered and I locked the door behind us. I had brought quarters this time too, although I didn't think we'd be watching the movies. I loaded up the coin slot and picked a movie at random. The only real furnishings were a white plastic lawn chair (just like last time) and a black rectangular trash can sitting in the corner. The floor did seem a little sticky and a few used condoms hung from the rim of the trash can. The room which again wasn't much bigger then your average bathroom stall had a hole in both side walls perfectly waist high. The movie started and we stood there looking at each other.

Finally I asked in a hushed tone, "Do you want to stay or not?"

"It's not that bad, I guess."

The movie hadn't even been playing for much more then a minute before I noticed movement. Like a mouse poking its head out of its hole, I saw the head of a penis finding its way into our booth.

Charlotte looked at me kinda shocked.

"What, what should I do with it?"

"What do you wanna do with it?"

"Can I touch it?"

I almost laughed.

"Yes you can touch it."

She stepped over and reached out to it like it was a strange dog and you didn't know if it would bite or not. She almost patted it on the head and then she giggled. The cock twitched and seem to harden at her touch. She then ran her fingers down the length of the shaft and the disembodied hard-on jerked up. She giggled again and gripped it like a handle and started jerking the cock.

"Come here," she said, "and take your pants off."

I pulled off my shorts and my boxers and dropped them both on the dingy chair. My own cock was quite hard even though I was witnessing my girl beating off a stranger.

I walked over and my girl grabbed me by my dick and pulled me closer. She had one hand on the strangers dick and one on mine before she licked her lips and slipped the head of my cock into her mouth. I was looking down and noticed that I was within less then a foot of another mans erection. I decided not to dwell and just enjoy what was happening.

My girl had shoved almost my full length into her mouth when she looked up at me and smiled around my shaft. She pulled back off my cock paused and turned her head and started sucking the hard-on in her other hand. She worked her head back and forth never stopping the movement of her hand on my dick. She pulled off and dove back down on me. She looked so hot and she kept looking up at me while jerking both me and the man behind the wall. She took turns alternating a few minutes on me before turning her attention to her new "toy".

After about 15 minutes of taking turns going back in forth; my cock buried down her throat; the strangers dick suddenly convulsed and erupted shooting two ropes of semen into the back of my girls head. The third rope oozed down her pumping hand. Feeling that he had cum she stopped blowing me to watch the final drops of semen emerge from the head as she squeezed his shaft. She began to use his cum as a lubricant on his semi rigid pole, but he jerked and twitched as the stimulus was too much for him. The mystery mans penis quickly withdrew and disappeared.

A look of disappointment crossed her face before she realized that the hole behind us was no longer vacant. A thick heavily veined cock was sticking straight out of the wall.

Charlotte stood up and pulled her skirt off throwing it on the chair with my shorts; all she had on now was a skimpy black thong. She knelt down and crammed the thick head between her lips. She placed her hands flat on the wall on either side of the dick she was sucking, and raised her ass.

Fuck me baby, is what she had tried to say, but it came out more like, "Ugh e amy."

I took my place behind her and ran my hand between her legs, the fabric covering her pussy was moist. I pulled her panties aside and slide my finger into her snatch. I hadn't even gone down on her but her pussy was literally dripping! Without having to warm her up I aimed my cock between her lips and with no resistance I slid inside of her. She let out a groan and pushed back against me. I decided to take my time and began a slow pace; pulling out until just the head of my cock remained inside her before returning into her depths. I grabbed two hand fulls of her ass and pulled her cheeks apart so I could watch my cock penetrate her. Within minutes her pussy juices were running down my balls and dripping on the floor. Through her muffled groans I could tell she was enjoying every second. I tried to be careful not to knock her head into the wall.

"Baby," she panted, "I want to suck your dick while he fucks me..."

"Alright baby."

"Well, can you grab me a condom?"

Her pussy made a squelching sound as I pulled out to find one of the condoms I had brought. While digging in my shorts pocket I glanced over at the other glory hole and was surprised to see an eye and not another dick. I was guessing they weren't just watching. I pulled out a condom and handed it to her and nodded at the other hole in the opposite wall. Charlotte looked over and smiled. She took the condom and tore open the wrapper before grabbing the fat cock and unrolling the latex down its length. She then turned around and with one hand on the chair for balance and one hand on her new "toy" she guided him into her waiting cunt.

"Oh my god, that feels so good."

I could hear the stranger groan through the wall. After letting her get in a few good thrusts I took my place standing directly in front of her and fed her my cock. She grabbed my ass and pulled me closer cramming my dick towards the back of her throat. I watched her ass slap against the wall as it made satisfying smacking sounds. Her ass cheeks jiggled as she bounced off the wall. Through the wall came a loud groan. Charlotte quickly spun around kneeling down and ripped the condom off the strangers cock. Pumping his shaft she helped him explode. She took the first shot directly in her open mouth, the second hit her chin, while the third landed on her chest. Again she milked the remnants of his orgasm out of the head and down on her hand. She then looked up at me smiling and let the strangers semen spill out of her mouth and down her chin. She then began to rub this strangers cum all over her tits moaning to herself. Across the room our voyeur had decide to join in the fun and had stuffed his long narrow erection through his hole.

"Mmm, baby, lay down next to the wall, I want to fuck you while I suck him." Charlotte said to me.

I layed down next to the wall leaving enough room for her to straddle me. She stood over me and stroked the new cock before kneeling down and positioning my dick at her pussy's entrance. Slamming down on me she grabbed the cock and starting sucking it with abandon. I ran my hands up her chest and began to play with her sweat and semen coated tits. She was moaning and bucking as she fucked and sucked me and the new stranger. Before long I watched as my girl removed the penis from her mouth and coaxed yet another dick to spew cum on her cheeks and chin, before rubbing his dick head all over her cum coated face.

"God baby, I feel like such a whore. Am I a good whore baby?"

"Your the best baby."

"Then fuck me in the ass like a good whore."

"Okay baby, turn over."

She stood up and got down on her elbows and knees exposing her ass to me.

"Rape that ass baby and fill me with your cum," she begged.

"Oh yeah baby."

I held my cock firm and pushed its head into her tight asshole.

"OH FUCK!"

My cock was soaked from her pussy so I knew she wouldn't need any lube, and I slid in easily. No longer needing to take my time I began thrusting as hard as I could. She wanted to be raped and I gave her what she wanted. I was abusing her rectum and knew both her ass and my knees were going to be sore in the morning. She was moaning loudly.

"Fuck me like a slut baby, oh yeah fuck me, fuck that ass, fill me with your cum..."

"Fuch yeah, fuck that ass, make me cum!" She was screaming.

"Oh yeah you like that dick in your ass don't you?"

"Oh god yes, Oh shit I'm cumming, I'm cumming, oooohhhhh!"

I couldn't last much longer but felt proud to have outlasted the strangers. I looked down and watched my cock plunging in and out of her perfect ass. That picture coupled with her screams of passion made my cock grow rigid and with a loud groan I blew my load deep in her ass.

"Oh yeah baby." She yelped.

"Oh, my god," I whispered as I tried catching my breath.

I stayed behind her with my softening dick still buried in her ass only for a minute or two. I got up and she rolled over and looked at me. She had a look of contentment and slight embarrassment. I walked over and helped her to her feet.

"I love you baby." I told her.

"God, I love you too. You made my legs rubbery."

"You and me both."

"Can we wait for a bit before we go out?"

"Sure, lets get dressed and have a smoke, then we'll leave."

I tossed her a wet wipe I had stored in one of the cargo pockets of my shorts.

"Here, for your face."

"Thanks baby."

While we both got dressed a few more cocks were thrust into our room but we ignored them. I thought we had done enough for one night, and I think Charlotte agreed . After finishing our cigarettes we quickly, heads down exited the store. We quickly got into the car and rushed back to my house.

"Do you want to come in?" I asked.

"No, I'm gonna go home and shower"

"Okay, well drive safe. I love you."

We kissed and she drove off, leaving me to go home alone.