 I would've much preferred if it were just Sami and I going for a hike together, but as it were Nick was coming along too. It had been about a month since I'd first met Sami, and I'd been trying to get in her pants the whole time without having any luck. In the whole time I'd known her, I don't think she ever looked sexier than she did the day we went hiking. Sami was a Persian girl with an athletic build, which was extenuated by big, firm tits, a shapely ass, and sensuous thighs. She had no qualms about showing off what her mama gave her either. For the hike she wore a long, loose fitting pink tank top, and a pair of soccer shorts, which were so tiny the tank top completely obscured them. Her long black hair was pulled back in a tight ponytail, leaving her smooth, light brown face unobscured.

There was no question Sami had looks, but she had personality as well. Her sense of humor was top notch, she could hang with the guys, and she didn't take anything too seriously. Yet the sexiest thing about her was that despite her life-of-the-party demeanor, she still conveyed a sweet innocence. Many guys working at the lodge with us that summer wanted to fuck her, but no one had been successful yet. Martin claimed she sucked his dick at a party one night, but no one believed him. She didn't bring it up much, but apparently she had some sort of boyfriend back in Minnesota. It didn't seem like the relationship was anything to serious, but I knew nothing about it.

Nick had been trying to get something going with her as well, but also hadn't gotten anywhere. He was a friend of mine, so it put us in sort of a weird spot, but we remained close. As much as I would have liked to be hiking alone with Sami, if there had to be another dude there, then Nick was a good guy to have along.

Nick and I were both strong hikers, but neither of us could keep pace with Sami. "I thought you two could climb mountains," Sami teased us from way up the trail.

She was flying up the path, while Nick and I were huffing and puffing. Finally we took a break at a small creek to dunk our heads and cool off. Sami's long, brown legs were glistening with tiny beads of sweat. Her large tank top made it look like she had nothing on underneath. When she kneeled down to cool off in the creek, Nick and I both took a good long look at her tight ass, then looked at each other and smiled. Sami looked like an angel bathing in the creek, splashing the cool mountain water all over her face, neck, and chest. 

By the time she was finished, it was readily apparent she wasn't wearing a bra. Her soaking wet tank top did very little to hide her giant melons and erect nipples. Sami was completely aware of this, even saying, "I really should've worn a sports bra,"

"We don't mind," I said.

"Yeah I figured," she said with a sly grin. 

By the time we got to the lake, it was around noon. We'd hiked five miles uphill to get there, so we were all more than ready to chill out for a while, and we couldn't have asked for a much better spot than the high alpine lake we were at. The water was crystal blue, and the lake was surrounded by high granite peaks. On the south side of the small lake was a sandy beach dotted with multiple conifers that we made our way to. There was no body else around for miles. "So who's ready to go for a swim?" I asked.

"I'm ready. Why else hike five miles to a lake?" said Sami while sliding her shorts down her legs.

Now there was nothing obstructing Sami's spicy pussy, but I still couldn't see it. She walked down to the water's edge and stared across the surface. "It's so lovely out here," she said. "Thanks for showing me this spot."

"No problem," Nick replied smoothly. "You only make it more lovely."

Sami giggled and bent down to feel the water, causing her tank top to ride up. In doing so Nick and I were treated to an amazing view of her perfect ass. It was tan just like the rest of her body, so I figured she probably liked to get naked. "Ooh that water's chilly," she said as she stood up and ended the tease.

She put her hands on her hips and continued looking out over the lake. She had pulled up her tank top just enough for Nick and I to get a glimpse of the bottom of her butt cheeks. I couldn't decide if she was doing it on purpose or not, but if she was it was having the desired effect, because I was getting very horny. The blood was rushing to my cock and causing it to swell, but I didn't quite have a hard on. I have a big dick and was eager to show it off to Sami while it was nice and engorged, so I took off all my clothes and made my way towards Sami and the lake. My big cock swung back and forth as I walked.

I posted up right next to Sami. She took a quick peak at my cock without being too obvious. The sight of my thick member brought a shy smile to her face. I put my hands on my hips and turned to face her. "You ready to hop in?" I asked.

"Sure," she replied, right before pushing me into the lake.

In the time it took me to get back up to the surface and wipe my eyes, Sami had already taken off her tank top and jumped in. In short time Nick also joined us. I kept trying to take a peek at Sami's tits, but she kept them below water. 

After about five minutes in the cool, alpine water, Sami said, "I'm going to go lay in the hot sand. I'm getting too chilly."

Nick and I both glued our eyes on her as her tits came above the surface. Her big old melons seemed to just float there on the water. Soon the rest of her body emerged as well, and I can honestly say it was the most flawless body I've ever seen. There wasn't an inch of fat anywhere, but she had curves in all the right places.

Unfortunately when I got out of the water I didn't look so great because my cock had shriveled up to little more than just the head. Nick had the same problem. "So...the water's pretty cold, huh?" he said to me jokingly.

"Yup, the turtle's in the shell alright."

"It's kind of embarrassing to have a lady around right now."

Sami was sitting on the beach listening to our gabber. "Would you guys relax? I don't know why guys care so much about the size of their dicks. You guys both have really nice bodies. You're both very fit."

"Thanks," I said sheepishly. "You look great yourself."

To warm back up, we all lay on the beach with our front sides facing the sun. I snuck as many peeks at Sami's rockin' tits as I could while they baked in the sun. She was lying between Nick and I, and I could see Nick doing the same thing on the other side of her. Once she was dry, she grabbed a bottle of tanning oil from her bag and started oiling up her body, spending amble time on her boobs. I watched as her hands went from her tits down her torso, right to the tiny patch of pubes above her pussy.

It was very arousing but I was able to contain myself. Nick could not. His penis had become fully erect, so he had to flip over onto his stomach to hide his embarrassment. Sami noticed his erection and blushed, but didn't say anything. In fact we all lay there in silence for about ten minutes before Sami flipped over. "Hey Nick," she said. "Would you mind grabbing that oil and getting my back?"

"Uh sure," Nick said with hesitation.

I was enraged that she'd given Nick this honor and not me. Granted the oil was closer to him, but still. It made no sense to me why Nick had answered with such apprehension until he propped himself up to his knees. His thick, Italian cock was still rock hard. Luckily for his sake, Sami had her head down and couldn't see the effect she was continuing to have on him. 

Nick sprayed some oil on Sami's back and was careful rubbing it in, making sure his pole wasn't going to accidentally poke Sami. He was doing a pretty good job of it too, until he reached her lower back. Without even realizing it, the very tip of his cock lightly grazed up against Sami's ass. She twitched a bit, but didn't say anything. Nick's hands went lower and lower until they were just above Sami's ass. "Should I...um...get your..."

Sami cut him off. "That's okay, love. If you just want to spray some down there, I'll rub it in myself."

Nick did as he was told, and Sami massaged the lotion all over her perfect ass. Aphrodite herself couldn't have had an ass like that. I got an erection, so I turned on my side with my back facing Sami to hide it. Shortly thereafter we all fell asleep.

I woke up to the sound of what almost sounded like someone clapping gently. I half-opened my eyes. No more than ten feet away from me Nick and Sami were lying down face to face. Sami's back was to me. From this view I could see Nick's fingers penetrating her cunt over and over. I could also see Sami's arm doing a tugging motion, but my view was partially obstructed so I couldn't quite see her hand on Nick's dick. Her motion was slow, as she milked him very lovingly.

I squinted my eyes and pretended like I was still sleeping, but really kept watching the action. Nick cupped his entire hand around the bottom of Sami's ass while he continued to give her finger pleasure. I can only imagined her eyes were gazing directly into Nick's while she stroked him off. Sami moaned gently while Nick breathed heavy. Sami's moans started getting a little louder until Nick put his hand over her mouth. They both giggled.

Sami kept jerking Nick's dick off as she brought her lips right up to his ear. What exactly she whispered I'm not sure but the next thing I knew Nick had rolled onto his back while Sami was sliding her body down his torso. She slid into a position where her head was right on top of Nick's belly button. I saw her lick the inside of it, gently kiss it, and blow hot breath on it. Then her head slid down further, until Sami's sensuous lips were a mere inch from Nick's cock, which was shooting straight up in the air. 

As if she were eating corn on the cob, she put her lips on Nick's cock and slid them up and down the side of his shaft. Once his cock was covered in her saliva, she popped his tip into her mouth. She slurped on just the tip as Nick tried to keep his moaning to a minimum. Sami kept sucking and sucking, as she allowed her throat to open up. In just a few minutes time, she almost had Nick's entire dick down her throat. Nick eyes euphorically rolled back while he kept his hand on Sami's head as she caressed his cock with her mouth.

There was no longer anything I could do to hide my boner, but I didn't care. Sami was preoccupied anyway. The only issue with my big dick being erect was finding a way to get comfortable on the beach. I was quietly tossing and turning in search of the perfect position when all of a sudden Sami took Nick's manhood out of her mouth and rolled onto her side. She could see that I was awake.

Sami laughed nervously. "I'm so sorry," she said. "We thought you were asleep."

I turned beet red. "That's okay. Don't worry about it. I just woke up."

Sami looked directly at my big, rock hard dick lying flat against my stomach. "I really am sorry," she explained. "We shouldn't have done that with you right there."

"It's okay. Really. I'll give you two some space. I was thinking about doing some exploring out here anyway."

"That's nonsense. I don't want to drive you away."

"It's fine. Don't worry about it."

Sami pulled something out of her backpack. "Well, will you at least smoke a joint with me first?"

"That sounds nice," I conceded, while standing.

I walked over there with my hard cock sticking straight out. Sami tried her best not to focus on it, but she couldn't help but lay her eyes upon my well endowed penis.

In the meantime Nick didn't say a thing. I think he was still in shock from knowing that just seconds earlier Sami's naughty lips had been wrapped around his Italian sausage. And now he was stuck sharing a joint with a dude with a large erection. We smoked the joint and then laid down on our backs to soak in the sun. My boner finally subsided, and I closed my eyes. 

While I day dreamt about Sami giving me a blowjob, I felt a slender hand makes it way towards my package. The hand began to massage me, giving my penis gentle strokes and my balls tender squeezes. I opened my eyes and noticed Sami was also caressing Nick's cock. We were both hard almost instantly as Sami jerked us off, still lying on her back.

I was so aroused I leaked a little bit. Sami could feel the precum, and it caused her to smile. Taking her hand off my cock, she grab my hand and guided it back towards the tip of my dick. She gently guided my finger over my slit, coating it in my own precum. Then she brought my hand towards her mouth. She licked my fingertip, and then put it in her mouth, sucking up my cum. She kept sucking my finger while her hand made its way back to my dick. She tenderly slid her hand up and down my cock while rolling on her side to face me. Our tongues dashed in and out of each other's mouths. 

Sami was no longer stroking Nick, but that didn't stop him from getting in on the fun. While Sami milked me like a horny goat he gave her pleasure from behind, really ramming his fingers far up her tight cunt. Once she was really wet, he slid down her body and started licking her clam. This made her wiggle like a worm, but she still managed to keep a firm grip on my dick. 

While Nick kept kissing and licking away at Sami's snatch, she put her hand on his head and gently pushed him away. "Okay, okay," she said while laughing. "I don't think I can take anymore of that right now."

She then flipped around to face Nick. "How about I suck you know?" she asked.

Nick responded by putting his hand on Sami's head and guiding it towards his rod, and Sami gladly accepted his dick into her mouth, warmly kissing and licking it. I sat there jealous once more, wondering when, if ever, I was going to get my dick sucked.

Ultimately I stole a page from Nick's book, and starting toying with her pussy in hopes that she'd reward me like she was rewarding Nick. I fingered her with one hand, and massaged her ass with the other. Her cunt was dripping with moisture and her ass was glistening with dewey beads of sweat, and they were both just asking to be penetrated by my girthy cock. 

Needing to be inside of her, I pressed the head of my cock on her clit. Reaching behind, she grabbed my shaft and stroked it for half a minute. Then when she was ready, she guided the tip of my dick into her pussy. As if she'd been pricked by a pin, she jumped a little, as her labia expanded around my member. I slowly guided my dick in, one inch at a time until I had it all inside her. 

For a second she had to stop giving Nick head to concentrate on her breathing. When I was fully inside her she said, "Be nice and careful with that thing. I need to be able to walk back."

I respected Sami's wishes, and fucked her at a slow, deliberate pace. My penis throbbed with pleasure as it penetrated deep into Sami's warm snatch. Soon my cock was covered in her juices. I wrapped my arm around her fleshy ass, and drew her in real close. My penis was piercing her like an arrow. And the whole time she kept licking, kissing, and sucking Nick's dick. 

Nick's heavy breathing turned to moaning, and it got louder the longer Sami made oral love to his penis. It was obvious he was getting closer and closer to cumming. Then with his dick staying in between Sami's lips the entire time, he got up on his knees. I pounded Sami harder and harder, causing her to suck Nick even faster as her body bobbed back and forth. Ready to blow his load, Nick gently thrust his cock into Sami's mouth while she kept sucking away. 

Then all of a sudden his entire body convulsed and he grunted. Sami tightly sealed her lips over the base of Nick's cock as he shot his load into her mouth. With every load he shot I could see him thrust his dick deeper down Sami's throat. She started to gag a bit, so she slid her lips back towards the head to make herself more comfortable. After about fifteen squirts, when Nick was finally done, Sami kept massaging the tip of his penis in her mouth. Nick let her suck him for a little bit longer, but then his cock became just too sensitive, and he had to forcibly remove it from Sami's mouth. He rolled over with a big grin on his face while I kept fucking Sami from behind.

I got so turned on watching Sami get Nick off that I'd started fucking her like a jackrabbit without even realizing it. The sound of flesh slapping against flesh echoed loudly down the canyon. "Oh," she moaned. "Oh, oh my god! Yes! Oooh. Oh, you're so hard...umm...slo...oh...slow it...ooh...slow down. Slow down," she gasped.

I slowed down a tad, but evidently not enough. "Wait, wait!" Sami said out of breath. "Be more gentle. I'm not used to a dick that big."

I pulled out and started kissing her neck. She turned around, ran her hand through my hair, and stroked my cock. Our tongues danced in each other's mouths. I was lying on my side until Sami playfully pushed me onto my back. She crawled over towards my head and put herself in a position where my head was in her lap. I spread apart her labia and ran my tongue along her slit. When my tongue reached her clit I kept it there and gently traced circles around it. Sami's juices trickled down my face. I was hoping by giving her oral pleasure it would convince her to suck my dick, but instead she just jerked me off. 

Fearing that I was going to finish in her hand instead of her smooth, dark pussy, I gently lifted her thighs off my face. "I want to be back inside of you," I said.

Sami smiled and shimmied her ass down my torso until she was sitting on top of my cock. Before she actually inserted my dick inside her however, she reached behind and squeezed my balls over and over like she was juicing an orange. "Do you like that?" she asked.

"That feels good. Do you want to lick them?"

"I'm not licking your sweaty balls."

"Okay then, lets fuck."

Sami grabbed my shaft and lifted her leg. Carefully, she mounted her dripping wet pussy on my mushroom tip. Slowly her ass slid down it. She sat there for a minute and leaned over to bite my nipples. I slapped her ass to show her how much I appreciated that. She responded with a loud, sexy yelp, so I kept spanking her while she bounced up in down on my cock. 

Nick was obviously getting turned on by the action, and wanting to get off again, he walked over towards Sami holding his thick, hard cock in his hand. He held it right in front of Sami's face until she grabbed it and put it in her mouth. 

The feeling of Sami's ass riding up on my dick and the visual of seeing Nick's dick bob in and out of her mouth was more than I could take. "I'm ready to cum!" I yelled a little too loud, so that it echoed throughout the mountains. 

Sami took Nick's cock out of her mouth and quickly jumped off of me. She then stroked me furiously. I came like a geyser, with my first load shooting clear over Sami's head and onto her tan back. She kept pumping and pumping, and after thirty seconds when I was still squirting she started laughing. "You must be having fun," she said.

I could only groan. When I finally finished covering Sami's body in my hot cum, I rolled over on my side and watched as Sami got on her knees and sucked Nick to completion again. He may have gotten sucked off twice, but I was the only one that got inside Sami's hot snatch. Ultimately I think I got the best of the deal. 

When all the sex was finally done, we sat down and smoked a joint together in silence which was only interrupted when Sami began laughing and said, "I can't believe we just did that. That was hot."

Nick and I just nodded, still stunned by what had happened. Sami stared out over the lake. "Can you guys keep this a secret?" she asked. "I don't want to be known as 'that girl' for the rest of the summer."

"We'll try," I said.

"Seriously, please don't say anything. If you can keep this a secret, I can promise there will be more fun in it for both of you."
