 Isabella, Emily and I carried our purchases into the apartment. The intense sexual energy from our lingerie store changing room adventure had remained throughout the trip home. I certainly was still aroused and slightly frustrated from the unfinished blowjob I'd received.

Isabella was all over me before our front door clicked shut. She pressed her luscious body against me and groped me through my clothes.

"That was so hot, in the mall! I can not believe I did that!" She looked over at Emily, who had been observing us with a big grin on her face. Isabella left my arms and stepped with purpose towards my ex.

"It is all your fault," she said, pointing at Emily. "You blonde American hussy, you come here and..." she tried to sound menacing but failed to suppress a giggle. "You come here and transform me from a sweet innocent chica to a cock-hungry slut who can not go a whole shopping trip without sucking on her man." She had stopped just inches away from Emily. Isabella reached out with purpose, slowly sliding her hand down my ex girlfriend's curvy body. "But cock is not my only hunger," she continued, her hand drifting between Emily's thighs, eliciting a gasp. "I have also tasted pussy, and hunger for more." Emily closed her eyes and Isabella closed the final gap between them, pressing her lips against Emily's in a passionate kiss.

I slid up behind my girlfriend's round ass and pressed my rigid cock against her, sandwiching her between Emily and me. I reached out and gripped Emily's smaller hips and pull her towards me, increasing the pressure on Isabella.

"I have to correct Isabella," I began, while kissing her neck. "You see, she was never innocent. She was a dirty girl before I ever laid eyes on her. And she's been hungry for my cock since our second date." I continued grinding my dick against her ass and Isabella cooed appreciatively. "So don't let her convince you it is your fault Em. But if it was, I would have to thank you a thousand times for all that has happened."

"We'll let you work that off one "thank you" at a time," Emily replied, slipping free from Isabella. "In fact I think we should go to the bedroom and you can start thanking us right now." Emily grabbed my hand and pulled me towards the bedroom.

"You two go. I need to clean," my girlfriend's replied. I looked at her disappointedly.

"Come on, you can clean later," I said.

"No, it is alright. I will come in and come later." She giggled at her little joke and kissed me fondly on the cheek. Emily looked at me questioningly. I shrugged and led Emily to the bedroom.

"She can't stand a messy house, and the weekend is usually the only time we have to clean. She won't be long, and you and I can certainly keep ourselves busy in the meantime."

"Yes, we certainly can," she agreed, removing my shirt. We didn't bother closing the bedroom door as we pressed together, our mouths kissing hungrily.

Emily busied herself rubbing her hands across my bare chest and then unbuttoning my pants. I returned the favor, liberating her from her outer clothing. We moved to the bed and kissed, rubbing our bodies together and reacquainting ourselves to how the other felt with our hands. I unclasped her bra with more grace than usual and slid the straps off her shoulders. As she tossed it aside I ran a string of kisses from her neck to her nipple, once again marveling at the significant curvature of her natural bosom.

I lapped at the light pink nipple gently, causing it to harden. I took it in my mouth and sucked it, causing her to close her eyes and bite her lower lip.

"I appreciate what you two did for me in that changing room," I said, rolling her onto her back and trailing kisses down her stomach. "It definitely drove me crazy with desire. But I think it's your turn for some oral teasing." I flicked Emily's navel piercing with my tongue as I kissed further southward. My hand slid up between her parted thighs and felt the heat from her pussy already emanating from her tiny panties. I pulled them down to her thighs and dipped my finger into her, feeling how wet she already was and breathing in the aroma of her arousal.

"You don't have to," Emily protested as I stripped the panties from her body.

"I just want to lick you for a little while," I said. "I know it's not your favorite thing but your pussy is so beautiful, especially completely bare." For emphasis I ran the tip of my tongue across her labia, and took her silence as acceptance of my desire.

Her response to my tongue and fingers was positive, though lacked enthusiasm. Although I was loving the chance to run my tongue up and down her totally smooth pussy, I could tell she was eager to move on. I made my way back up her body to her lips. We kissed with increasing fervor as I rubbed my cock against her through my boxers.

"Are you going to fuck me or what?" Emily gasped when our kiss broke.

"Of course," I said, quickly shedding my shorts. I pressed the tip of my erection forward, and it easily popped into her slick pussy. With one powerful thrust I drove my entire length into her, causing an appreciative gasp.

"Careful," she said. "I'm still not quite used to being so... full."

I took her advice to heart and sat still for a moment; running my hands across her sides and feeling her tight hot pussy clench me. Her pussy adjusted to my girth and her body relaxed, allowing me to begin long slow strokes inside her.

I stared into Emily's eyes as I thrust into her. I marveled at how quickly I'd become accustomed to fucking her. She had been part of my life for years, as a girlfriend and then a close confidant while living hundreds of miles apart. I knew her. There is no other way to describe it. I understood Emily well enough to predict her reactions to most situations.

As we made love, I wondered if my feelings for Emily went beyond friendship and lust. It's sometimes easy to confuse platonic and romantic love, especially when sex is involved. I had considered myself a true "guy" when it came to sex, easily able to separate love from fucking. For flings it was true, but not every situation is so clear cut. As I looked into Emily's pretty blue eyes I had to wonder what she was thinking about. Was she focused solely on the physical sensations, the sounds, the smells? Or was she also wondering where all this was heading?

I felt an irrational surge of guilt flow over me. I loved Isabella. It would be an awful way to repay her generosity in inviting Emily to share our bed by falling back in love with my ex. I needed a less intimate position, and said to Emily, "Would you mind if we switch to doggy-style?"

Emily's reaction was delayed, but she smiled at me and said, "Sounds great."

We arranged ourselves in the typical fashion, with her on all fours with her legs slightly spread and me coming up behind her and penetrating her once more. Yet again I was struck by the physical differences between the two women. Emily's ass was small, compact and muscular, Isabella's was curvy. Fucking both women from behind was a joy, yet it was surprising how different their bodies felt against my hips when I penetrated them deeply.

Emily tightened her pussy around me, breaking my internal thought pattern. "Harder," she requested.

I was happy to grab her hips and start driving myself into her faster and with greater force. I felt her body heat rise underneath me as I sped up my pace in a gradual crescendo. As I felt I couldn't increase my pace I heard her gasp out, "Yes!" as her pussy clenched me in orgasm. Once more I marveled at Emily's ability to climax so easily, especially without much clitoral stimulation.

Having came, Emily slid forward gracefully, popping my erection out of her tight, freshly fucked pussy.

"Thanks!" she said, kissing my lips and scampering off into the living room, giving me one last look at her bare backside. She left me there, kneeling on the bed with my erection jutting outward where her pussy had been only seconds ago. I heard Emily and Isabella talking, and then heard the sound of resumed dishwashing. Isabella stepped into the room with a big smile on her face.

"Emily convinced me to let her take a turn cleaning while I take a shift fucking," she said, quickly stripping. "I do like the look of things," she continued, her eyes fixed on my cock. "Now, where were you?" she asked, climbing onto the bed.

"I was fucking Emily doggy style," I replied.

"Ok, well I will take over from there," my girlfriend responded, moving in front of me on all fours and backing her pussy towards my cock. I held it out for her and guided the head to her opening. I rubbed my swollen crown against her labia before pushing forward into her. She was tight, but I was slippery enough from Emily for us to gradually work my thickness into her.

"So nice," she murmured, moving her hips back and forth. I grunted in agreement, letting her set the pace, resting my hands on her flanks gently.

Isabella set a slow steady pace, and I admired her curvy backside as it shifted back and forth. My cock would sink deep within her, and she would wait for a half second, allowing herself a chance to fill completely full, before sliding back out a bit. Her tight channel felt divine wrapped around my erection.

"Hey, where does this go?" Emily asked from the doorway, holding our colander.

"Just leave it ... by the sink," I panted. Emily took a moment to watch Isabella and me before turning around and heading back to the kitchen.

I bent over, pressing my chest against Isabella's back. I reached around to cup her breasts and plant soft kisses on the back of her neck. "Do you like it when Emily watches us fuck?" I asked.

Isabella's pussy clenched me tightly as the question left my lips. "Yes!" she exclaimed just above a whisper. "I do."

"Good. Because I adore having her watch me fuck you. Just like I adore having you, my sexy girlfriend, watch me fuck her."

I leaned back and gripped her hips. I began thrusting into her, more intensely and more rapidly than the pace she had set. She allowed me to take over, moaning softly with each deep thrust, her eyes tightly closed.

Emily reappeared in the doorway. I admired her naked body as she stood there, watching me plunge in and out of Isabella. I smiled at my ex as I continued my rhythmic fucking.

Emily slid a hand down across her flat belly to her recently fucked pussy. She leaned against the door and parted her legs slightly, allowing me a glimpse of her swollen clit and labia, sexily visible via her lack of pubic hair. She began rubbing herself as I continued penetrating my girlfriend.

Isabella had noticed Emily's return, and the two women made eye contact. I reached down and took the bulk of Isabella's dark wavy hair in my hand, near the roots. I tugged on it gently, pulling her head back forcing her to arch her body.

"God! I love that James!" Isabella exclaimed. I reached around her hips with my free hand and located her aroused clit. I rubbed it quickly yet tenderly, coordinating it with the pace of my thrusting hips. I felt her pussy tighten even more on me.

"Yes, just like that, more," she requested urgently. I momentarily forgot about Emily as I focused on bringing pleasure to my beautiful girlfriend. My penetration of her pussy continued as I rubbed her clit, and was rewarded with moans of increasing volume. I increased my pace once more, now frantically thrusting into her, feeling the stirrings of my own orgasm within my loins. My cock swelled and Isabella gasped. Her pussy clenched me tightly and she cried out, "me vengo!", indicating the arrival of her orgasm.

Her clenching pussy was like a heavenly inferno. With a final hard thrust I buried myself deep within her and groaned. I ejaculated inside of her, filling her with my cum. I heard a sharp intake of breath from the doorway and witnessed Emily in the throes of her own orgasm, gripping the door frame for support as she rubbed her clit frantically. I collapsed on top of Isabella, who gracefully rolled over so I was spooning her with my cock still deep within her cum filled pussy. Emily opened her eyes and smiled at us shyly.

"Come here, Em," I requested, and she walked to the bed shakily. She wrapped herself around my back, allowing me to be the meat in a very delicious two girl sandwich. We dozed off together.

It wasn't clear who woke up first, but we all stirred more or less simultaneously. The girls were the first to sleepily climb out of bed. Isabella donned a thin tank top and a pair of yoga pants. Emily dug through her suitcase and located her own snug tank top which didn't quite cover her belly jewel and a pair of tight little shorts. It made for a nice lounging outfit, cozy but rather revealing.

I stretched out and decided to follow the trend and put on some clothing too. I located a pair of my running shorts and slid them on, but opted against any a shirt.

We watched a little television in the living room with Isabella cuddling up against me and Emily curled up in our big comfy recliner.

"So what are you two going to do tomorrow?" Isabella asked. She usually worked on Saturdays but had taken the day off to spend it with Emily and I. "You know, since I will be working tomorrow."

"Are you sure you can't take a whole weekend off for a change?" I asked, knowing her answer.

"I want to work. It will give you two some time alone," Isabella stated. I marveled at her generosity towards Emily. I felt another flash of guilt for the feelings I had for Emily while having sex with her earlier.

"I want to go to the beach!" Emily exclaimed.

"Sounds good to me, assuming the weather is nice," I agreed, hiding my inner conflict.

"Even if it's a little cloudy we should still go. It's always nice here," Emily argued. I remembered a time before I had acclimated to Southern California and started thinking 60 degrees is cold.

"Ok, we'll go either way. Did you pack a bikini?"

"Yep, a very sexy one. You don't get to see it until tomorrow though. Isabella, you can though, since you can't go, and plus you're a girl," Emily stated.

"Sounds good to me," Isabella agreed. "You know that I do not really care for the beaches here anyways, so it is good that Emily wants to go. Plus you can check out all the babes without your girlfriend there."

"Oh, do you mean my terribly jealous girlfriend who not only lets me fuck my ex girlfriend, but also watches AND gets turned on by it?" I gave Isabella a squeeze. 

"Yes, she is the one. She is an amazing woman," Isabella said. I nodded enthusiastically and we all chuckled at Isabella's joke. Internally, I decided just to go with the flow and trust myself and my relationship with my wonderful girlfriend. Her lack of jealousy was amazing, and while I was unsure how I felt about Emily, I didn't doubt for a moment I was in love with Isabella.

After a few minutes of comfortable silence Isabella said, "I should cook something."

"Let's just order pizza or something," I suggested.

"No, I want to cook. I like to do it and it is healthier," Isabella said. Emily watched our exchange silently.

"Ok, what can I do to help?" I asked.

"I'll help too," Emily offered.

"Too many cooks spoil the pot. I will cook, you two will clean after, and I will relax," Isabella said. It sounded like a statement of fact rather than a suggestion.

"That sounds fair," I agreed, and Emily nodded.

Emily took Isabella's place cuddling with me on the couch as Isabella began cooking. Soon the apartment was filled with the delicious smell of vegetarian stir-fry.

Dinner was outstanding. Isabella claims her cooking is nothing compared to her mother's. I can't imagine how that's true because Isabella has a talent for creating scrumptious dishes out of ingredients I don't usually enjoy. At dinner I sat on the opposite side of the table from my female companions.

"So we've figured out what we're doing tomorrow. What about the rest of tonight?" Emily asked.

"Well, I was planning on fucking both of you some more," I replied with a grin.

"Didn't we just do that?" Emily joked.

"Yes, we did," Isabella agreed. "James fucked you, then he fucked me. I heard how he made you come with his thick cock. Then I took over, and he made me come and he came in my pussy." She leaned forward as if to tell a secret and softly said, "I can still feel him dripping from me!"

My cock had stirred from Isabella's quick recap of the afternoon's events. The girls couldn't see it beneath the table, and I didn't mention it to them. I marveled at the effect these two women were having on my libido. While I have a high sex drive, the past days had gone far beyond my usual desire.

"I have a surprise for you two," I said. "After we finish dinner and clean up I'll show it to you."

"I love surprises!" Emily exclaimed. Isabella grinned at me, a bit more accustomed to my propensity for sexual novelty.

A moment later I felt a foot sliding across my bare leg. Isabella was telling a story about her childhood, and when I made eye contact with Emily I could tell she was the one teasing me. Her leg slid higher, eventually onto my chair. Her toes made contact with my cock through my shorts, which once again hardened. Isabella was ignorant of Emily's teasing, and I tried to focus on her story, although my attention was largely diverted by Emily's foot.

I realized Isabella had asked a question of some sort which I had missed thanks to Emily's foot. She was looking at my expectantly, so I replied "Um, what was that?"

"You seem distracted by something," Isabella said. Emily smirked at me and slid her foot back away from my crotch.

"Well I was just thinking about how wonderful the both of you are. A guy would be lucky to spend time with either of you, much less have you both to himself."

"So very true," Isabella agreed.

"Oh yes, you're a very lucky guy," Emily said, nodding enthusiastically.

I excused myself from the table and entered the bedroom, ostensibly to use the restroom. Quickly and as quietly as possible I arranged the matching lingerie outfits I had purchased earlier upon the bed in two neat piles. I figured from the bra size differences they would be able to figure out the red was for Emily and the black for Isabella. I returned to the table, self-satisfied with my cunning preparation.

Dinner passed without any more erotic mischief and Emily and I fulfilled our duty to clean up the mess. Isabella kept us company, taking the opportunity to squeeze my ass as I washed dishes or simply press herself up against my back affectionately.

"What's the surprise?" Emily asked me as she put the last of the dishes away.

"It's on the bed. Why don't you two go take a peek and call me when you're ready for me?" I wanted to experience the full effect of seeing my two lovers dressed up for me, side by side.

Emily looked a little confused, but the look on Isabella's face showed she had an idea what I had planned even before seeing the purchases. "Come on," she said to Emily, taking her hand and scurrying off into the bedroom, shutting the door behind her.

I sat down at the couch and turned on the television, though my thoughts were held by the activities in my bedroom and occasional giggle that sounded through the door. I hadn't unwrapped the stockings, so it wasn't a shock it took them a few minutes to get dressed. My cock was fully erect within my shorts and the suspense was driving me crazy.

At last the door opened just enough for Isabella to call out, "We are ready for you."

The vision of Emily and Isabella standing side by side in matching lingerie met my lofty expectations. They stood together at the foot of the bed, arms wrapped around each other's waists, beaming at me. The thigh high stockings looked wonderful on their legs, and the garter belts emphasized their waists. The panties were satisfactorily tiny, and I couldn't wait to see how nicely they framed Emily and Isabella's backsides. The crimson push-up bra made Emily's large tits look even more fantastic, and gave Isabella a nice bit of cleavage as well.
