 Another Saturday, another session

How does time pass so quickly when you are having fun? Beth was becoming insatiable after her confession about six weeks ago. After she and her friend Shirley had fucked me silly after our afternoon at the lake she told me about her bi-sexuality and their affair. Saturdays had become something for me to look forward to because the girls usually found something to blow my mind.

We were closer and closer to forming a permanent relationship as Shirley spent more and more time at our house. Work had slacked off a bit and since I had plenty of time at home every evening I was getting fucked or sucked quite regularly. Beth spent most of her time at home naked and when Shirley walked through the door it wasn't long before she was naked also.

I was delegated to do all the outside work so I had to wear shorts at the very least when I was outside. I finished mowing the grass and put the mower away. Returning to the house for a cold drink I could hear what was going on inside. Being the perv that I am I stopped to eavesdrop on the actions I could hear through the open window. The vacuum would run a few minutes and quit then run again. Shirley would groan or yelp and then it was Beth's turn. My mind was going a hundred miles an hour imagining what they were doing to each other. 

I couldn't stand it any longer and walked in the back door and found them in the dining room with a couple of funnels and the vacuum cleaner. They would place the funnel over their breast, place the vacuum hose over the end and turn it on. The vacuum would suck their nipples in to the funnel stretching them like I was sucking them hard. I watched them playing with each other and wondered how long it would be before the hose found a clit. I didn't have to wonder long as Beth captured Shirley's clit in the end of the hose and she just collapsed in a feint as she got a powerful orgasm. I decided to leave them alone as I imagined what the vacuum would do to my cock or balls.

Beth got some cold drinks and a wet washcloth for Shirley. She finally came around and they kissed and hugged each other warmly. Walking to a bedroom they fell into a 69 making sure that satisfaction was primary. Beth loved to suck and play with a cunt almost as much as I did so she dipped her tongue deep into the red crinkled hole between the alabaster spread legs of her girlfriend. She loved the way the juices pooled in the creases and bubbled up when the cunt spasmed in a minor orgasm. Beth's juices dripped into Shirley's mouth as her tongue explored all the creases and folds of the fragrant pussy the hovered above her. Their breasts rubbed against each other heightening the excitement that was building and building.

Shirley shoved two fingers in the wet hole above her and Beth shrieked with pleasure as they unexpectedly hit her g-spot. She stroked her hard and fast adding a third finger and finally a fourth. Shirley wondered if she should try to fist her as she tucked her thumb into her palm and worked her whole hand into Beth's cunt. Her hand formed a fist and her knuckles rubbed all the right spots as she twisted and turned her hand inside the wet warm pussy. When the lips closed around her wrist as she orgasmed Shirley had to stop moving because the pressure was so great. Beth spasmed and twerked her hips in constant motion as she had the most powerful orgasm of her life and Shirley was afraid she would break her wrist or arm before she calmed down enough to release her hand. 

Beth finally came back to the living and Shirley started to pull her hand out of her quim. Beth grabbed her wrist and told her to leave it in there, she wanted to feel the stuffed feeling for a while. Not moving they rested in the glow of after love making with one another.

I had finished up a few more outside projects and came back inside to see if we were going to eat here or go out for something. They were sitting at the table and motioned for me to join them, I sat down and they reached out for me to hold their hands. Beth thanked me for leaving them alone all day and they had something to discuss with me.

I started to worry because they were so serious, usually after a session they were excited and silly.

Beth hesitated before she started to talk. She explained that she and Shirley had a proposal for me. They wanted all three of us to live together full time. We were together most of the time anyways so why waste time going home. It was a waste of money to maintain two houses so Shirley could rent her house for the time being and move in here. She said we could buy a king size bed and Shirley would share in the expenses of this house. I was reluctant to live with two women full time but I said we could try it but if it caused problems we would go back to the way it is now. They agreed but I could tell they wanted a firm yes from me.

Shirley wanted to give me some incentive as she knelt between my knees and pulled my cock out of the fly hole. She engulfed my soft cock and sucked until I was rock hard and pumping precum on her tongue. Her eyes never left mine as she sucked just the way I loved it. Beth had moved behind her and was playing with her pussy. I was sure she had at least a few fingers in the sweet tasting gash. Shirley jumped a little as Beth did something to her but settled down and went back to sucking me. She was using a twisting stroking action on my cock as she nursed on the head, her tongue teasing my cum hole.

Beth was still working her from behind and I looked over to see that she had her fingers in her pussy while she had her thumb buried deep in her ass. I had wanted to fuck either one of their asses but while they let me play with them they never asked or indicated that they wanted anal sex. I had never fucked anyone in the ass but had done some research on how to go about preparing someone to do it. I am not porn star huge but a little above average so I didn't think it would be good to just shove it in without getting her ready.

Shirley was getting ready to orgasm from Beth playing in her crotch and I was feeling the nut rise through my channel. I could feel my prick swell as it prepared to spurt my cum. She didn't back off and sucked the cum out of me like she was trying to suck my balls through my cock.

In the meantime Beth had replaced her thumb with a few fingers that were stretching her ass hole a lot bigger. Seeing what she had done I stayed hard and moved behind Shirley with Beth. She moved aside and I took her place kneeling behind her as Beth removed her fingers and before the ass closed up guided my cock in the open hole. I just got the head in before it closed around it and Shirley grunted and pushed back against me. her ass was so tight I just bent a little so I backed off a little. I held her hips and Beth drizzled spit on my cock for some added lube. I squeezed in another inch and she relaxed a little letting me push in a bit more. Finally I was in all the way and my balls were nestled against her cunt and my cock had disappeared in her dark hole.

I started to slowly stroke her juicy ass and she met my thrusts with reverse thrusts of her own. I could feel her getting more excited as I thrust harder and deeper into her ass. Beth was laying under her and had started to finger fuck her and I could feel her fingers through the thin membrane that separated her cunt from her shitter. She was starting to go a little crazy and I wanted to take her to a crest so high it would take a week to find her way back to the house. Between Beth and I we banged the fuck out of her and she screamed, yelled and wailed like she was losing her mind. Her hair was a straggled mess as she swung her head back and forth in her never ending orgasm. Reached around and pinched her nipples setting off a chain reaction of lust like I had never seen before. She cursed and swore at me and Beth as she wanted more and more fucking. She had grabbed Beth by the pussy and I thought she was going to rip it off her. Beth slapped her a few times and she just went a little more crazy. I slipped out of her ass and she cursed at me to put it back in or she was going to do some serious damage to my privates. Beth had escaped and brought back one of her dildos and as I pulled out she shoved it in until just the suction cup was showing. I laid on top of her to pin her down while she returned to normal and could feel the tremors and shaking her over stimulated body was experiencing.

She finally calmed enough to fall asleep and we just left her where she was and got her a pillow and a blanket.

I asked Beth what got into her to prepare her ass for a fucking and she told me what Shirley had done, fisting her earlier in the day and was just getting even. She didn't expect it to turn out like it had and she hopped she didn't wake up an ass whore. She did say she enjoyed being fisted and hoped that she was big enough for me to do it for her sometime.

I hope I didn't fuck up agreeing to live with these two horny cunts.