 Ok so, where we last saw our intrepid adventuress, me. I was butt-naked and balls deep riding my lover's cock riding like the wind and unawares of the insidious plot being hatched against my purity. 

Like that? 

I'm rather proud of it myself.

Anyway, lost in the moment I suddenly felt a hand on my back and another caressing my tit. It felt good in the moment, but...wrong. It took me a split second to deduce where my hands were and where his hand were and it didn't quite add up. My head spun to the right and I focused immediately on the 3 hard and throbbing cocks in the room that had not previously been there. I looked down at my lover confused only to find him grinning his evil little grin back up at me. Well, knowing they weren't unsolicited rapists quelled my 'fight or flight' instinct. Realizing this was a set up did get me wetter.

I leaned forward and kissed the little bastard slowly and deep, squeezing him tight inside of me. My tits pressed against his hairy chest and I started to grind my clit into him. I felt the other 3 guys move to the bed around us. Hands stroked my hair, my shoulders, my arms, my legs, my back. Fingers slid down my spine to my lower back.

I started riding that cock faster and grinding harder. Fuck it felt soooo good. My mind was trying to focus on the moment, but it wandered to what was going to happen. Knowing I was going to get pounded just heightened the moment. My pussy squeezed tighter and started to drip down his cock. I heard myself moan and felt myself start panting. Short quick sprinter breaths. I tried to slow down, because tonight was going to be a marathon.

Fingers were trailing down my back and goose bumps started rising all over my body. The anticipation grew. My imagination started flashing to videos I had watched. Girls on their knees, bent over, on their backs getting fucked and fucked and fucked. Multiple dicks sliding in and out and the sounds of moaning and screams from the women. The scenarios in my head substituted myself for the women in the videos. Sweat and cum and dicks and moaning and begging.

The fingers were moving lower. I rode and squeezed hard, my pussy was fucking dripping and I was getting sooo fucking close. I could feel it building. My shallow breath catching in my chest. The small tremors started making tiny waves run through me. I couldn't stop fucking. I couldn't stop riding his cock. The upper half of my body felt weak, but my hips kept riding. I wasn't going to last much fucking longer. My moans had started to stutter.

Whoever had their hand on my back knew what they were doing. The anticipation was killing me.. They moved lower, I knew what was coming. I could trace the path they were taking in my head. I wanted it. Please, please, please do it. Please hurry the fuck up and do it. They reached the crack of my ass and my stomach and chest tightened. I moaned and bucked my hips harder. Do it! Do it! Fucking do it! I opened my eyes to look at my lover and kissed him hard, hungry. I was going to fucking explode it was only a matter of seconds. I was keenly aware of how hard the dick inside me was. He finally reached my tight little asshole and I groaned, I grunted, and he forced the tip of his finger inside my poor puckering little hole and I fucking exploded.

"Yesssssssssssss!! UUUhhhhhhnnnnnngggg", I screamed or whatever fucking noise I made. I can't be expected to document every detail in the heat of the moment. Needless to say it was deep, it was loud, and it was fucking unintelligible.

My head flew back and my back arched. My lover exploded inside of me. His hot cum feeling like a hose went off deep in my pussy and the combination of everything crescendoed caused me to fucking explode. I squirted, the floodgates opened, and I soaked him. My cum ran down his cock and dripped off his balls. I collapsed for a minute, panting, trying to catch my breath. My head was spinning and the orgasm still hadn't subsides. Abstract images were whirling in my head. The sound of my breathing was all I could hear. When I was finally able to focus I looked into my lovers eyes and started giggling. I squeezed him tight for a minute and kissed him and kissed him. I lay on top of him shaking enjoying the after glow. A few moments later, and a couple of deep breaths, I swung myself off of him to sit on the edge of the bed. 

It was time to get this shit going.

tbc