 I thought we'd planed everything. It started early that morning in Atlanta. . .or maybe not. When you've been on a bus for twelve hours, all the cities tend to run together. And when its one in the morning and you haven't slept all night, you're not really sure were you are. Anyway, I wasn't alone with my insomnia. Sensing that there was one more person awake, I peered into the darkness and saw Krista with her head laying against the glass. The headlights from a passing car illuminated her face and sparkled in her brown eyes. 

I pulled my stiff frame from my seat, lumbered into the aisle, stepped over someone (Laura, maybe, or Susan) and made my way to Krista. She looked up as I glided through the darkness and smiled as I sat next to her.

"Hey," she said with a yawn. She laid her head on my shoulder and wrapped her arms around my right one, yawning. "I'm tired." she said.

"Me, too," I replied. "But I can't go to sleep."

"Me neither," she said. "I can't sleep on a bus. So now I'm tired and bored. Let's talk."

"Sure," I said, that being my intention from the start. Anything to pass the time. I could think of worse ways to pass the time than curled up with Krista and talking.

"What do you want to talk about?"

"I don't know. What's on your mind?" she inquired.

"Sex," I answered automatically. This was meant as a joke, but was not entirely untrue. I mean, hey, I'm a guy with more hormones than I know what to do with, so I ponder the subject quite often. And this was Krista we were talking about, and my fantasies had been occupied more than once by her short, curvy, slightly plump frame. I'd often imagined wrapping my fingers into her dirty-blond hair as she writhed and moaned beneath me. Yes, the words "sex" and "Krista" will always be linked in my mind. Especially after that trip.

Krista laughed her airy, girlish laugh and slapped my leg. "Ja-ames!" she exclaimed.

"Well, you asked. I'll told you. You'd have to do all the talking, though. I don't have much experience."

"Well, what do you want to know?" she asked.

"Let's see. . .you have had sex, haven't you? I mean, not to offend you. I'm not saying you're a whore or anything, I just assumed that you had."
"Yeah, I have," she replied, but didn't seem offended. "I'll tell you a little secret, too. I've said before that its not worth it, and it isn't, really. I mean, it can cause a lot of problems for just a few minutes of pleasure. But, God, those few minutes are great! I love it! And I'm getting a little desperate to be honest. I've not had any for weeks. That sounds really bad, I guess."

"No," I said. "I don't see anything wrong with liking sex. I mean, that's pretty obvious, but some people seems to have a problem with girls talking about it. They act as though it makes them a whore or something. I think its great. For one thing, it allows us to have conversations like this. I love sex and I haven't even had any experience with it. I know I'm a guy and that's pretty normal, but its still true. I'm desperate just to experience it once."

"Some people says your first time is disappointing, because you've built it up so much, but it isn't. Its great. Its one of the greatest experiences in the world. The heat and smell and sweat. . ." Krista trailed off. I could tell her breathing had become just slightly more rapid, and I could see the hunger seeping into her eyes.

I exhaled heavily. "God, Krista. You're killing me. That makes me want it that much more."
"I'll be honest with you," she said. "This might sound bad, but I'm tired of waiting. As soon as we get back, I'm going to jump Nick." Nick was her boyfriend. "That sounds horrible, but I'm dying for some." 

We sat in the darkness (which was slowly becoming lighter as the sky reddened with the first light of dawn). Even as I said my next words, I kicked myself. I knew she would be offended, but I was working up a pretty good hard-on at that point and, considering what she had just said, I had to try my luck or explode.

"You don't have to wait for Nick, you know. I'm rooming by myself. I'm sure you could sneak in tonight."

Krista didn't say anything for awhile, and I assumed she was building up the strength to smack my teeth out. Instead, she surprised the hell out of me.

"You think we could pull it off?" she said. 

I was stunned. Never would I have suspected that my advances would be accepted. I swallowed, found my voice and said, "After the teachers go to bed, there shouldn't be much problem. My God, are you serious?"

"Yeah," Krista said, smiling. "We've both got an inch. Let's scratch each other."

"Oh, God. I don't believe this. Are you serious?" I repeated.

Krista laughed. "Yes, James. I'd love to "do" you."

I felt like pinching myself. She must be really horny or really tired to be agreeing to this. If she was willing, though, you can bet your ass that I was as well. So, we made our plans for that night for her to sneak in my room after the chaperones went to bed. As it turned out, not only did we make our plans, but she made some of her own. Like I said, I thought we had it all planned out.

Later that morning, we arrived at Universal Studios to spend the day. Krista and I went our separate ways, but I couldn't think of anything else but our future encounter. At one point, my group ran into Krista's, and while everyone else was occupied, we talked briefly.

"Looking forward to tonight?" She asked.

"God, yes," I replied. "I've almost had to find a bathroom twice today, thinking about it." This made her laugh.

"Can I tie you up?" she asked, very suddenly and unexpectadly. "I've never done that. I'd like to try it."

"Hell, yeah," I said. "If you'll promise me this won't be the last time something like this happens."

"Okay, its a deal." she said. With that, the subject was abandoned for the time being. . .at least as far as I was concerned.

The day seemed to stretch out forever. The night was even longer. After leaving the park, we went to the hotel and out to an area called Old Town near the hotel. The curfew was eleven, and it was clear that no one was going to bed before then. I can't say that I waited patiently, but I did wait. What I was going to get was worth waiting for. I just didn't know how "worth it" it would be. 

Eleven o'clock finally came. The teachers made their final rounds, assuring that everyone was in their rooms. Then they, too, went to bed. Several minutes that seemed like hours past before the light knocking came at my door. I sprang to the door and opened it. Their she stood in a long night gown and (if my guess was correct) nothing else. She stepped in and I closed the door. As soon as it clicked shut, I lunged at her and our tongues intertwined. We made our way to the bed were we sat down and continued kissing. Krista pulled the gown over her head and proved my assumption. I took one of her perfectly shaped and proportioned breasts in my hands and fondled it, roughly massaging the nipple. Krista closed her eyes. I then took her nipple in my mouth, sucking it lightly, and prompting a quite moan. She pulled my mouth up to hers and again began exploring it with her tongue. She then removed my pants and underwear. My penis popped to attention and she stroked it lightly, sending shivers raging through me.

"I want to feel this in me," she said seductively. I removed my shirt as Krista took my organ in her mouth and briefly sucked it. I'd never felt anything like it! It was all I could manager to keep from ending this thing before it started.

Krista raised her head and asked how she was going to tie me up. I suggested my thick shoelaces, seeing as how their was nothing else. Krista picked my shoes off the floor beside the bed and removed the laces. I moved to the head of the bed and lay on the pillow.

"Put your arms out like this," Krista commanded, stretching her arms out like a crucifixion. I obeyed, at which time she tied my left and then my right arm to the bed posts tightly with the laces. I lay there, immobile, with Krista setting on my chest. She leaned closer to my face, and I raised to meet her lips. Teasing, she moved just beyond my reach. Oh, she knew how to work a guy over all right.

She began kissing my chest and moved down to my stomach. She moved farther down, and again took my cock in her mouth for a brief tonguing. Krista then got off the bed, retrieved her gown and put it back on. 

"What are you doing?" I asked frantically. Krista didn't answer, merely walked toward the door. My heart raced. This couldn't be happening.

"You bitch!" I screamed. "Fucking untie me. Krista!" She never flinched. She opened the door and walked outside, leaving it open. How the fuck was I going to explain this when everyone woke up the next morning and found me. Oh, I was going to kill that lying little bitch. I don't mean beat her up, I mean kill her with my bare fucking hands.

After laying there a couple of minutes, I heard voices approaching my room. Great! Imagine the surprise when some tourist walks by and sees this. Oh, that sweet little blond cunt was dead and buried.

Krista walked through the door, followed by Crissy Oaks and Susan Stacy, members of the cheerleading squad just as Krista was. I suspected I was in for a ripe bit of humiliation.

"We've got a surprise for you, Jamie," said Krista. "Since you're tied up, I figure we can do anything we want to you and you can't stop us."

"Not that you'd want too, anyway," said Susan.

"See, I thought it would be nice to share the fun with my friends," Krista said. "I hope you don't mind."

Oh, God! Krista had gone from number one on my hitlist to my number one best friend. I couldn't believe any of this was happening to me. Even when Krista closed and locked the door, even when all the girls removed their night gowns, I still didn't believe it. Once Crissy slid my cock into her mouth, though, I faced up to the fact that, yes, I was about to be fucked by three of the hottest girls on the face of the earth.

As Crissy worked on my cock, Susan slinked over and kissed me. "Have you ever licked a carpet?" she asked. I didn't know what she meant until she raised her long, tanned leg and slung it over my chest, mounting me as if I were a horse. She wriggled her pussy up until it was directly over my face. As I lapped her cunt, Susan's juices flowed freely until my entire face was soaked. Susan then lifted her bush off of me, prompting me to strain for another taste, just as I had for Krista's lips. 

"Please," I whined. Susan smiled broadly, slowly bent toward my face and began running her tongue over my mouth and chin, lapping her own juices. My God, she was licking herself! This, combined with Crissy's work on my cock, prompted an explosion in the latter's mouth. Crissy raised her head and allowed my cum to spatter her face. It seemed to flow forever as Susan turned her attention to the juices inside my mouth and Crissy merely lay at my feet, allowing her face to be white-washed.

Much to my distress, Susan removed her pussy from my face. However, my distress faded when I saw that Susan and Beth were going to put on a show for me. With a long, slow motion, Susan extended her tongue and lapped a sizable glob of my cum off of Beth's face, then another. Susan turned her face toward me, and I could see my cum dribbling over her lower lip and running down her chin. Beth made certain it could drip no further as she turned her tongue on Susan, licking the cum off her chin and lips before plunging into Susan's mouth. The two girls' tongues intertwined, and I could catch glimpses of my cum passing back and forth between the two. The site was too much for me, and another stream of semen shot from my head, landing perfectly in Susan's strawberry-blond locks. The girls pitched into an uncontrolable fit of giggles at this.

When I they had finally finished, I tried to catch my breath. I noticed Krista sitting in a chair a few feet from the bed, her hand massaging her pussy. "My turn," she said quietly. With that, Susan kissed me one last time and she and Crissy (still a gooey mess) replaced their gowns.

"Its been fun," Susan said. "Thanks, Krista."

Crissy scooped some more of my cum off her face and placed it in her mouth. "You're pretty tasty, Jamie." she said. With that, she and Susan left, no doubt to continue with their own games back in the room.

Krista rose from her chair and approached the bed. With her long, painted nails, she traced shapes on my stomach.

"Do you want me to beg?" I asked. "Is that what it is?" Krista only smiled and nodded. "Okay. Please, Krista. Please fuck me. I'll do anything you want. Just fuck me." Krista moved to the foot of the bed, bent over, and cleaned the remnants of Crissy's work off my penis. She then climbed onto me and lowered over my erect member. She began to rock back and forth, slowly at first, then increasingly faster. I thrust my hips to meet her as best I could, and our rhythm soon made the bed creak and scream in protest.

"Oooooooohhhhhhhhh God!" Krista leaned back on her hands and rammed into me with even more force. I threw back my head and issued a pleasure-filled cry of my own as I climaxed again. This seemed to send Krista over the edge, as she began her own orgasm.

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! FUCK!!!" I had never heard Krista use the word before, but this was all she said (screamed, actually) as she came. Again and again she screamed "FUCK! Oh, God! FUCK! FUCK!" Looking back now, it was hilarious, watching her tiny body writhe and shiver and rock on my cock while she screamed that word over and over. At the time, though, it drove me crazy, and I managed another aftershock of orgasm myself. 

When the orgasm finally subsided, Krista climbed slowly off my dick and crawled up my body and released my hands. I wrapped my arms around her and she lay on top of me, panting, sweating profusely. I could feel her heart pounding next to mine. She was exhausted, and had every right to be.

"I need to rest a while before I leave." she panted.

"Stay as long as you want. We can sneak you out in the morning," I said. I stroked her damp hair. "You worked hard, Little Lady. You deserve a rest. My God, that was incredible! Even I didn't think it could be like that. One of you was worth more than Crissy and Susan combined."

"Thanks," Krista laughed breathlessly.

"By the way," I said. "What was the deal with that?"

"I told Susan and Crissy what was going on," she said. "I hope you don't mind."

I laughed, "Yeah, I'm really mad at you for getting two girls to work me over at the same time."

"Anyway," she continued, "I told them about our plans and they came up with the idea to do that. You know, give it the team effort. And we wanted to show you a good time."

"Well, I'm much obliged. Think you could handle it yourself next time, though?" I asked. "I don't know if I can hold up to all three of you, especially with you giving me a banging like that."

"Sure thing," she said. "Maybe you can tie me up next time."

"Maybe," I said. "But I should warn you: I don't share."