 The hour was late and we had been drinking fairly heavily throughout the evening. I had been doing shooters of tequila and the girls had been drinking screwdrivers. We were all getting pretty plastered and we were a bit loose in our conversation. Ellen, our neighbor, had just regaled us with a tale of a sexual escapade she had experienced this last week. 

Ellen, or Ell as she preferred to be called, worked as a carpenters’ helper on a construction project. Apparently she and a few of her co-workers had decided to go out for a few drinks the other day when they had been rained off the job site. 

They had gone to a bar that also had a motel or at least a few rooms for hire by the hour for customer’s convenience so to say. Ell had been really turned on by one of the men in her crew and they had decided to take a room for a couple of hours of sucking and fucking. 

Ell and this guy quickly got down and dirty and had done just about everything under the sun. She had been fucked until she was suitably tired and raw and he was limp and sucked dry. 

He excused himself to go get them fresh drinks. She had waited for him, naked and legs spread for a few minutes when the door finally opened instead of her former partner coming through the door a couple of her other co-workers had staggered through the doorway with drinks in hand. 

She said that she had covered up and asked them what the hell they was doing there. They had replied that they were there to bring her a fresh drink and to have some fun with her. She said that she told them to go to hell, but she took the drink he offered and sat back on the bed to drink. 

One of the guys unzipped his pants and pulled out his dick and held it close to her face and started to stroke it saying that she sure was sexy and he sure was horny, etcetera. Ell said that she chugged her drink and began to kiss and suck his dick. She said that she had no choice, but I think that she was just turned on by the whole thing. 

She had just gotten started on that one guy when the other of guy declared that it was his turn, the guy that was getting head said that it was still his turn and that he could wait. It looked like there was going to be a fight but Ell had told them that she could solve their problem for another drink. She was handed a new drink and she quickly drank it. 

Ell got onto her hands and knees, motioned to the one guy to come around to the front and indicated to the other guy to do her from the back. They had fucked the hell out of her that way and then they had switched spots to do her some more.

A few drinks later, and maybe a few other guys later, she had been left without a ride at the motel when her co-workers had gone home to their families and their wives. It was then that she had called Pat, my girl friend, to come pick her up. 

I guess that Pat had picked her up outside of the bar and brought her back to her apartment across the street from our house. All Pat could say was that she was pretty messed up and could barely stand up, or talk when she brought her home. Pat had needed to hold on to her as she had walked Ell up to her door to keep her from falling down. 

Ell tried to unlock her door but the key would not fit, Pat said she noticed that it was the wrong key and had unlocked the door, walked her inside the apartment and helped her down on the couch. Ell had hugged Pat and thanked her profusely and then promptly passed out. Pat had covered her up, locked the door on the way out, and had gone home. 

That was Tuesday and this was Friday and I had a rare weekend off so Pat and I had decided to have a few adult beverages and maybe later retire to the bedroom for some adult recreational activities. Ell had shown up early in the evening, we offered her a drink and some company. 

Both Pat and I were fond of Ell, she was one of our better neighbors. She had moved in across the street around six months before with her boyfriend Dave. We had immediately taken a liking to them and they had spent many evenings with us chatting over a beer or something stronger. 

Dave had left for parts unknown after a few months but Ell stuck around and worked as a laborer on construction jobs in the area. She had taken to coming over more often since Dave left. And neither of us had minded that in the least. 

Ell was a nice gal to be around and Pat seemed to like her company. For myself, I enjoyed having her around too. Ell was a good sport to kid around with and she was not hard on the eyes either, especially when she put on a skimpy halter-top or tight t-shirt and strutted her stuff in some tight pants or cutoffs. 

Tonight I was sitting in my easy chair and the two ladies were sitting on the couch across from me, drinking their drinks and giggling. I couldn’t help but look at them appreciatively. They were both very attractive women, especially in my present state of mind. Pat is my long time girl friend, she is tall at around five foot nine inches, thin and very blond. She doesn’t have much in the breast department but she has a fine ass and a tight and willing pussy. 

Ell on the other hand is dark and maybe five foot two at best, with a nice set of tits and a very fine ass. 

Although I am happy with Pat, I have admired Ell from afar or a while now. I never made a move on Ell out of respect for Pat, but sometimes when she would bend over in front of me I would fantasize for a minute about sliding my dick into her from the back while I ran my hands over her tits. The fantasy never went any farther than that, but more than once or twice my old Johnson had come to attention at the sight of her derriere in a pair of shorts, the fabric stretched tight across her lovely buttocks, or the vision of her breasts in a tight cut-off t-shirt, the bottom of her firm breasts showing just a little and the nipples standing out against the fabric. At times like that I was glad to have a more than willing sex partner in Pat to relieve the sexual tension.

Pat and I had been together for six years. She worked as a bookkeeper at a small company not too far away. She was, as I said before, tall and willowy with small pert breasts, smooth silky skin and a nice tight ass. Looking at her in a tight pair of pants, or no pants at all for that matter had an arousing way with me too. I would often just come up behind her slide my hands over her firm breasts and slip it right into her almost always ready and wet pussy when I found her bent over naked in the bed room or bathroom. 

She always seemed to be willing and ready for a romp. I was glad of that because I was always pretty horny and got hard at the mere sound of a pair a panties being dropped.

Ell had just finished her rousing story and was sipping her drink. My johnson was already at half mast and I was beginning to feel a bit frisky. I looked at Ell, her head lolled back with a small smile told me that she was a bit turned on in the telling of her tale. When I looked over at Pat, I could see a slight flish on her cheeks that I didn't think came from the drink in her hand. We all sat there in silence for a few minutes lost in our individual worlds.

Tireing of the lapse in the conversation I asked, “Well did you enjoy pulling the train?” 

She looked at me and replied, “Yeah, some, after I got into it, I mean, every girl enjoys a good fucking.” Then she added, “But the guy sure was a jerk when he assumed that I could be turned out to all of his buddies without even asking me first.” Then she scowled and took a good healthy pull on her drink. 

I said, “Well you could have just walked out you know.” 

She replied, “Yeah, maybe, but I was naked and drunk and without a ride. Besides, it is kind of hard for a girl to say no when she has a dick stuck down her throat.” She chuckled at that and sipped on her drink again. 

Feeling rather bold at this point I responded, “Well maybe I should just slide mine in there.” 

She gazed at me for a second over the top of her drink, then pulled the glass down and replied, “Well honey, it would be a little hard to do that from way over there. If you intend to do anything like that you better scoot your cute little butt over here.” And she slid over a little bit and patted the space between her and Pat on the couch to indicate where I should scoot to. 

I was about to respond with some smart ass banter about how I was long enough to reach all the way from here to there, when I looked over at Pat and saw that she had a bleary eyed grin on her lovely face. 

She looked at me and said, “It looks like you have a couple of horny women on your hands tonight. You had better get your ass over here and deal with them pretty quick.” And she put her hand out and patted the space between her and Ell, then ran her tongue over her lips, smiled hugely and took another sip from her drink.

I am not always the sharpest guy around, but I can recognize an offer that is too good to pass up. I grabbed my bottle and shot glass from the end table and moved quickly to the spot indicated on the couch between those two lovely and ready ladies. 

As I sat down, Pat and Ell moved up tight against me and leaned in to lay their heads against my shoulders. I poured myself a drink for courage and quickly threw it back. Then I poured one for Ell and she tossed it back, grimaced slightly and handed me the glass back so that I could pour another drink to give to Pat. Pat is not much of a tequila drinker but she slammed hers down, coughed lightly and handed the glass back and put her hand on my thigh. Seeing this, Ell reached over and did the same and pretty soon I had two lovely ladies stroking my legs in a very provocative manner. 

All this attention made my shaft get very hard very fast and it began to strain at the fabric of my jeans. Seeing the lump in my crotch Pat leaned over and whispered, “Why don’t you take your pants off honey?” And she began to fumble with my zipper. Ell decided to give her a hand and before I knew it I was totally naked and they were both lightly running their fingers over my chest, Stomach, and very erect penis. 

“Damn you’re big! You must be over eight inches long. No wonder Pat doesn’t mess around with other men.” Ell gushed. “ I really would like to suck on you, if Pat doesn’t mind that is.” 

Pat replied, “Go ahead, but I want him to suck on my pussy.” Pat staggered to her feet to shuck her pants and panties and then her blouse, exposing her tight sweet body. Then she sat back on the couch, but this time she sat on the arm of the couch and braced herself with one hand on the back of the couch while she grabbed me by the back of the head and brought my lips down to her sweet and almost hairless pussy.

As my lips touched her pussy, I kissed the lips lightly and then darted my tongue out and ran it up the outside of her slightly parted slit, then back down again, teasing at the sensitive flesh with the tip of my tongue. Then I pushed the tip into her cleft, and I could feel her quiver slightly in anticipation. 

I ran my tongue up her swelling clit, stroking its sides, then I took it between my lips and lightly sucked on it before releasing it and sliding my tongue down the length of her wet, hot cleft to her waiting hole. I ran my tongue around the sensitive outer flesh of her pussy before I pushed it into her sweet pussy as far as I could get it and moved it around, licking at the inner flesh of her cunt. 

I pulled it back out and ran my tongue over the outer lips once again teasingly and then buried my face against her pussy and frantically pushed my tongue in and out of her hole like I knew she loved me to do. She used her hand to push me even tighter against her and she squirmed slightly against my lips. 

I could barely breath, and her scent filled my nostrils. I could hear her gently purr and moan as her excitement rose, her juices began to flow freely and I could feel her pussy lightly quiver as one small orgasm after another spread through her loins, covering my face with the honey of her love. 

I love the smell and the taste of a woman’s juice of love and the scent in my nostrils drove me to tongue Pat even more frantically. I ran my tongue in and out of her cavern of love and up and down the length of her glorious slit. 

I stopped to suck and tongue her very erect clit, it must have been nearly an inch long by that point and I put it between my lips and stroked it with my tongue while I moved up and down on it like a small penis. Pat pushed me even harder against her cleft and arched her body slightly off of the arm of the couch, moaning appreciatively, gasping, groaning, “Yes, baby yes!” I drank deeply of her freely flowing juices but they covered my skin. Soon my skin from my nose to my chin was slick with the sweet tasting juices of her cunt.

Ell must have watched us go at it for a few minutes because I was pretty engrossed in what I was doing and Pat had cum to quivering orgasms several times before I felt Ell’s lips on my cock. 

At first she just ran her tongue up and down the length of my dick, licking it from the purple head down to my balls and then back up. Then she spread my legs apart slightly and holding my cock back with her hand she rubbed it against her cheek as she took first one testicle and then the second into her mouth and sucked on them lightly. 

She ran her tongue up the length of my raging shaft and around the head, teasing at the tip with her tongue and then slowly slid the head between her lips. 

She lowered her mouth slowly down the shaft for a couple of inches before she tightened her lips around it and used her tongue to gently stroke the head and sides and then she slowly pulled her head back up and stroked the tip of the head with the tip of her tongue. 

This sent a chill through my body and I redoubled my efforts at Pat’s pussy, licking her harder as Ell began to slide her lovely lips up and down the length of my shaft.

I felt Pat buck against my face as she had another and much larger orgasm, while at the same time I could feel my dick begin to swell as I started to cum myself. 

Sensing this Ell pulled her lips from my raging shaft and gripped my dick roughly in one of her strong hands. I could hear her murmur, “Not yet baby, the night is still way too young and I still need my fun.” And she lightly kissed the head of my dick and nuzzled it against her cheek and began to lick my balls once again. I could feel Ell’s cheek against my flesh and feel her tongue on my balls and I decided to raise my head, come up for air, and see what was happening.

I took my right hand and stroked Pat’s thigh until I reached her pussy, then as I pulled my face away, I gently pushed two fingers into her well lubricated cunt and began to use them to massage the inside of her hole, at the same time I put my thumb against her big red and very erect clit and slowly stroked and rubbed it in rhythm with the fingers inside of her cunt. 

When I looked over my shoulder I saw Ell with her face against my dick and her pink tongue stroking my nuts. As my attention traveled down her body I realized that she was totally naked, and she was lying there with her hand stuck up her pussy, diddling herself as she stroked my nuts with her tongue. I also realized that I had completely underestimated the grandeur of her body, she was not just pretty nice, she was a magnificently endowed woman! 

As I watched her she released her grip on my dick and once more lowered her mouth over it. With half closed eyes she stroked up and down the length of my shaft, I could hear little appreciative moans coming from her, the kind of sounds that a person might make when tasting a very good cheese cake. I could tell that she was enjoying herself completely and so was I and I went back to licking at the juices of Pat’s cunt.

I felt Pat push her pussy against me again and I felt her quiver as she came again and again. She ground her pussy against my lips and my tongue pushed as far into her as it would reach. Her juices flowed down my chin and I lapped at them with abandon as she squirted the honey of her passion from her sweet tasting pussy. 

Then she wrapped her fingers in my hair and pulled my head away from her hot steaming cunt. I heard her say, “Now it’s time to fuck me big boy.” And she pushed me upright, dislodging Ell’s mouth from my penis. 

Pat slid down off of the arm of the couch, put her feet on the floor and spread her legs suggestively. I gently moved Ell aside and got off the couch and onto my knees in front of Pat. Pat took my cock in her hand and deftly inserted it into her wet cunt. She was very well lubricated and there was no problem with sliding my raging cock in to its full eight inche length on the first stroke. 

As I felt my dick bottom out in her pussy I could hear a quick intake of breath and then a loud moan came from Pat, then I felt the sides of her cunt pulse and I knew that she had cum once again. 

In back of me I could hear an appreciative, “Oh yeah.” Come from Ell. I glanced over my shoulder and saw that Ell was naked and sprawled in my easy chair with my bottle of Cuervo gold in one hand and her other hand up to the second knuckle in her pussy. She saw me looking at her and raised the bottle in salute then brought it to her lips and took a mighty chug. Her fingers were working furiously in her pussy as she watched me banging remorslessly at Pats delicious pussy.

I began to stroke in and out of Pat even faster and harder. The slap of flesh as I bottomed out on each thrust set a dizzying cadence. Pat came again and again. Her screams af passion were now reduced to moans, although I could still feel the quiver of her cunt as she continued to cum almost continuously. 

Pat's head lolled back against the back of the couch, her mouth half open and her eyes half shut. She was grunting with each thrust into her, her pelvis rising meet mine on each stroke until at last she lay there limp and just moaned, “Yeah big boy, fuck me, fuck me fuck me. Mmmmmmmmm, god, that feels good.” Over and over again as the rhythm continued at a frantic and heated pace. 

I could feel her legs quiver and her pussy quiver as she came again and again. Sweat formed on her skin and ran down onto the couch. She reached up and grabbed my head and pulled my lips to hers. She ran her tongue over my skin, licking at her own juices and then crushed her lips to mine, thrusting her tongue between my lips and as far into my mouth as she could reach, questing and probing around inside of my mouth like I was doing inside of her pussy a few minutes ago. Then she arched violently against me, cumming violently. 

I could feel her legs spasm as she shook with rapture again and again. Then I felt myself start to cum. I could feel my dick begin to swell and the light burning rise up my shaft as the cum moved to the tip and then I exploded inside of her, sending a geyser of cum into her hot sweet cunt, filling it to capacity and then flowing out and down her buttocks and onto the couch. We moved against each other for a second or two as spasm after spasm wracked our bodies and then I collapsed upon her sweaty body, spent for the moment. 

I don’t know how long I lay there on top of Pat, probably just a few seconds. I was roused from my reverie by the sound of clapping and the soft shout of, “Bravo, bravo, that was one hell of a show, wooooweeeee! You got me off too and I was just watching, bravo!” I guess that Ell was suitably impressed, and she sure was appreciative. It almost embarrassed me, I say almost.

I tried to get up and almost lost my balance. Ell helped me steady myself and brushed her body against mine. Almost against my wishes my dick came to half erection and Ell reached down and gently touched it with her fingers. 

She said, “You look like you are almost ready for another romp, but you need to get cleaned off first.” 
