 When a woman talks, I can't always be sure that she is saying what she really means. I was deathly afraid that Carol had meant every word she had said to me. I was afraid to talk to her, but then, the last time we had talked about what was on my mind had been several months ago. I had meant what I said, and I was sure that Carol had too. Things change. I had changed. Had she?

I watched her sleep, naked in my king sized bed. Most everyone thought she was attractive, but I thought she was the most beautiful woman in the world. The sight of her sent waves of heat through me.

Carol lay on her back with her shoulder length light brown hair fanned out on the pillow and the first rays of morning sunshine lighting her shiny hair like a halo around her round face. The blankets had been shoved off the end of the bed while the white sheet was pulled up over one leg, leaving the other leg and most of her tufts of silky pubic hair exposed. Her large breasts with their small aerola exposed. I didn't notice that her tummy was not perfectly flat. To me she was perfect and I was in.... L.... L... Love. The word was even hard to think.

Carol was my best friend and had been for months. She was a frequent visitor to my house, and knew that she was welcome to make herself at home. I was almost as comfortable in her home. If we weren't together, we were on the phone to each other. I had fallen head over heels in love with her. The only thing I didn't know was if she felt the same.

I looked back on the last seven months, since I had met Carol, and smiled. There had been so many new adventures. So many things that Carol had showed me. Carol, the free spirit, the swinger, had introduced me to so much. My mother would be shocked!

My eyes were drawn to Carol, despite the equally naked, drop dead gorgeous, woman also in my bed. Helen was not only beautiful, but a wonderful person as well. We, too, were friends but I wasn't drawn to her like I was to Carol. Other men might find my attraction to Carol strange. Helen was not only beautiful, but fun to be around. She was smart, and witty and we had fun together. Strangely though, it was Carol who really attracted me.

Briefly, I looked at Helen as she lay there breathing rhythmically. Helen was dark complected with a trim waist and huge expressive brown eyes to match her large breasts. Gorgeous, but not my Carol.

The memory of last night caused my cock to stiffen slightly. I remembered looking into Helen's brown eyes while I was over her, feeling Carol's hand wrapped around my cock. Teasing me and Helen by rubbing the tip of my cock over Helen's clit, until we were both ready to scream, before guiding me into the wonderful tight slickness of Helen's pussy.

I couldn't help the hardening of my cock as I remembered Carol's finger tips stroking my balls while I fucked Helen, and then her tongue licking any part of my reproductive anatomy she could reach as my cock moved in and out of Helen. Strangely, even in that moment, it was Carol I loved. 

I watched the two women sleep for a moment, before I came to the side of the bed where Carol slept. I knelt at the side of the bed and feasted my eyes on her for a moment, and then I began to kiss her left nipple. My hand roved her belly, slowly working lower. In my peripheral vision, I saw some long dark hair flung to the side as Helen's lips moved to Carol's right breast. There was a hint of a smile on Helen's mouth.

I heard the snore turn into a groan. Without warning, a hand flew up to my neck and pulled me tighter to the breast I was sucking. My love was awake. I could see Carol's other arm wrapped around Helen's neck, pulling her tight as well. Helen's eyes smiled into mine. The pressure on my neck eased.

"O.K. you two. Any more of that and I'll have to rape someone and I wouldn't know which one to rape first!" Carol giggled. "Mmmmm that feels good."

A hand found my chin and urged my head up. I moved to her face without further urging. My eyes smiled into hers and I kissed Carol's lips in a long wet kiss. When I broke that kiss, Helen gave her an equally wet kiss, before Helen kissed me. It was definitely going to be a good day!

Helen's head jerked up. "I smell coffee! You wonderful man, you made coffee didn't you?"

"I most certainly did. I wouldn't want to deprive my ladies of their morning caffeine."

I stood up to lead the way to the kitchen and the steaming coffee, but Carol grabbed me before I could go. She wrapped her hand around my flaccid penis and pulled me toward her.

"That calls for a kiss." Carol said, as she pulled my cock to her mouth. Helen rolled on top of Carol in a mad dash to join in the kiss on my privates. What's a man to do? The only thing he can, get hard and enjoy. It wasn't like I had any choice in the matter, my cock reacted on its own. All I could do was close my eyes and enjoy the two tongues and two sets of lips that roamed over my cock. As I pulled away, the two women kissed. 

The two naked women followed me into the kitchen, a study in contrasts. Helen the tall dark skinny one, and Carol, pale by comparison, short and pleasantly padded. They both pulled up chairs at the counter as I poured the three cups of coffee. For a while, I just enjoyed the light bantering conversation, the three of us had to start the morning.

If someone had told me that I'd be having a morning like this, a year ago., I would have suggested that they were dreaming, or that I was. Not only had I grown used to this, but I really loved it. Sitting naked with other naked people and not being afraid of offending anyone. It wasn't just the nudity, but the easy way we talked. I could joke with either woman, and not be afraid that the other would be jealous or get angry. Everyone was comfortable with our friendship, even with our shared sexuality. Only I was uncomfortable about our roles in this interaction.

Usually, I would have been in heaven. Two naked women, whom I had had the night before, making easy jokes and enjoying each others company. Any other day but this. Today, I was worried about what Carol would say. I guess I was having second thoughts. I was really afraid of messing up our nearly perfect relationship.

When we'd first started going out, we had discussed relationships. We'd both been burned and neither of us wanted another one. That was what we both said, and both meant it, at the time. We hadn't really planned for anything to develop, but for me at least, it had. Now, I was in love with Carol. I wanted to wake up to her every morning, not just on weekends. 

Yesterday, I had been thinking of her when I went for a walk at lunch time. I'd stopped in front of a jewelry store and looked in the window. Suddenly, I was overcome with the realization that I wanted Carol to be a part of my life, not just an occasional fuck. I hadn't really thought it through, I just saw the engagement ring, and I'd bought it. 

I kept wondering. Should I have done that? What would she say? Did she feel the same, or was I just her fuck buddy, the one she called when she was horny or wanted a partner for a swingers function? Would this destroy our friendship? I thought that the worst that could happen would be that she would tell me that she wanted things to be the same, but she could get scared of my love and break it off completely.

I wanted to talk to Helen about Carol. I wanted her input. I wanted to be reassured. I had not managed to get Helen alone. I would rather have Carol this way, than to lose her altogether.

It was early. I had a whole day to stew over it. Hell, it was only 7:30 and we didn't have to leave until 11:00. Hopefully, I would have a chance to talk to Helen before I made a fool of myself.

It was a good thing that I lived in the country. Carol picked up her coffee cup and wandered into the living room. She opened the curtains and looked out on a gorgeous day. The sun was shining, glimmering through the small droplets of dew on the grass. The sky was blue with only a few puffy fair weather cumulous clouds. 

I picked up my cup and followed. I moved up behind Carol as she was opening the patio door. I snuggled up to her naked body from behind, feeling my front nestling up to her shapely ass and I kissed her on the neck. "MMMMM" she hummed as she stepped outside. It was a minor disappointment as she stepped out the door breaking our skin to skin contact. A minor collision from behind cut short my disappointment as Helen nuzzled up to me from behind and mimicked my neck kiss. Her breasts felt so good against my back and her lips sent shivers through me as she kissed my neck.

Then it was my turn to step out onto the patio. The sun felt good on my skin and the warm concrete was ruff but nice on my bare feet. Carol sat down at one of the chairs around the table and then stretched. I watched her breasts as she leaned back and put her hands over her head. The sight stirred my blood. I looked at my watch and smiled. Still 3 ½ hours before we had to go! Plenty of time for what was suddenly developing in my mind.

I noticed Carol squirming slightly in her chair.

It took Helen a couple of minutes before she joined us. She was carrying the half full coffee pot in addition to her cup.

Helen looked at the rustic rural setting of my home. 25 Acres of mowed hayfield, home to countless animals. Her eyes roved over the field and spotted the deer and her two twin fawns in the corner of the property, blending surprisingly well into the trees at the back of the property.

"It's so beautiful here. Sorry it took me so long. I had to trade in the old coffee for the new." She said as she put the pot down and flopped into the chair on the other side of me.

Carol stood up and I watched her naked body squeeze toward me. I kissed a hip and she leaned down to kiss me. "Now, it's my turn. I gotta go!" She nearly bounded up the two steps on her way to the little girls room. I watched her cute butt bounce until I could see it no more. My chance was at hand but I had little time.

"Helen, I have to talk to you about Carol. I'm thinking of asking her to marry me. You think that would be a good idea? How do you think she'd take it? You think she'd run?"

"You're really worried about it aren't you?"

"Yeah, I really am. Things are mighty good right now and I don't want to lose her."

One of the things I liked about Helen, besides her beauty and sexual skills, was her sense of easy humor and the knowledge of how to mix humor, serious conversation and sex. "If you think that excuses you from eating my pussy anymore, you got another think coming, Big Boy." She giggled. "Actually, I think that if you ask her to be monogamous you're dead in the water. But I think she loves you and she'd entertain the possibility, so long as you keep swinging a part of your relationship. Stop worrying about it. She'll take it just fine. Now get over here and eat me!"

Faintly I heard the toilet flush as Helen pushed her chair back from the table and put her leg over the arm as she thrust out her pelvis. I was suddenly looking into her clean shaven pussy. I looked at her slightly dumbfounded. This wasn't quite the answer I expected.

"Don't look so shocked. You've eaten me before and I'm doing you a favor." Helen smiled a coy smile. "If you're gonna pop the question, you don't want her to think you're asking for a conventional marriage. Show her you're not afraid to eat another woman's pussy. This is just for you. I want to make sure Carol has the right idea. She needs to know you're willing to share. You're just lucky I'm willing to help you."

"Help me?" I asked. Helen just smiled. "It looks to me like she's the one doing the sharing."

"Of course, help you. I'm not going to enjoy this... much. It's just for you to impress her."

I wasn't so sure of the logic but what can a man say to a juicy pussy? I knelt on the hard concrete. The rough finish bit into my knees, but I forgot the discomfort as my head went to her lap. My tongue reached out and found her clit as she moved her hips to make it easier for me. I drank in the smell of her, the taste of her. Her feet pressed into the hard concrete and she pushed her hips into my face.

Helen let out her first moan as I heard the patio door open. I didn't bother to look up. All I could see from my present position was a shapely thigh on each side of my face and a yummy bare pussy before me.

Helen was making a gurgling sound as I heard Carol gasp. I felt her behind me. "Damn, girl, what are you doing to my man?" Carol asked. "This concrete is hard on the knees. You're going to get his knees all scraped up and that will look bad at a nudist colony! I think we need to move this show inside."

"Awww. Do we have to quit now? He is just starting to do a really good job."

"Don't worry, I'll let him finish. Lets just do it somewhere where it won't leave marks." Carol giggled. Carol stood behind me and pulled me to my feet. Helen stood in front of me and kissed my juicy lips as she stood.

Carol took me by the hard penis and led me to the bedroom. Carol pushed me down on bed as Helen straddled my face and lowered her pussy to my waiting lips. As my tongue searched for where it had left off, I felt Carol move over me. My hard cock felt her warm wet pussy. Carol pushed down and enveloped my cock inside her steaming pussy as Helen rocked hers on my face. 

I couldn't see anything except Helen's lovely snatch but my senses were alive. I felt a woman thrusting her pussy at my face, sometimes making it hard to breathe. Another woman was sliding up and down on my cock. I could hear the two women kissing. They were both making excited noises as they rocked on each end of me, and I rocked back.

The stimulation was too much. It took me only minutes before I exploded into Carol's welcoming pussy. She continued to rock on me as I licked away lustily on Helen's pussy. Moments later I heard first one woman gasp and then another as they both shared their juices with me.

When Carol rolled off me, Helen pounced on her. The sight of Helen lapping my juices from Carol's pussy had me hard again and I sneaked up behind Helen. Helen wiggled her cute butt in invitation as she tried to position herself to make it easy for me to enter. 

I gasped as I felt my cock swallowed whole by Helen's grasping cunt. Carol licked and I fucked until a rolling orgasm started in Carol's pussy and washed first over Helen and then me.

We all collapsed on the bed trying to regain our composure. We were all happy to just lay there touching and enjoying each others company for an hour before the three of us all got in the shower together and cleaned the evidence of the last 16 hours of loving off our bodies.

When we were all clean, I just stood in the bedroom, naked and thinking. "Either of you two ever been to a nudist camp before? How do you dress for one?"

"You don't wear anything but shoes, Dummy!" Helen told me.

"Yeah, but you gotta get there first! What do you wear to get there?"

"Hell if I know! As little as possible, I think." Carol said. "Whatever you wear, you have to take off and store."

Helen opened her bag and pulled out a pair of white mini shorts and a white button down shirt, sort of like a mans dress shirt. "If it helps any, this is what I planned to wear."

"Do you have to put it on, now? I think you look mighty good naked!" I told her. 

Both girls ignored me as they pulled on their selected clothing, and neither wore a bra or panties. "You'll see plenty of me naked today." Helen told me.

Carol made us all breakfast while we waited for the rest of our crew to arrive. I had to wonder about what the day had in store for us. Jody and Allen were even more horny than we were and had introduced me to Carol.

Carol and Helen helped me hitch the balloon to the van as the appointed time approached. We were all ready to go when our friends got there.

I wasn't surprised by the way the people arranged themselves. I had the front seat to myself as Helen and Jody crawled into the far back seat and Carol snuggled up to Allen in the middle seat. It was a one hour drive to the Bare Branch Nudist Resort and I was very glad that the girls had me more than satisfied because I heard them all passing the time with some sexual games in the back. For the most part I resisted the temptation to look at what they were doing in the rear view mirror, and concentrated on my driving.

By the time we got there, I was the only one with clothes to remove. I looked at the naked crew in the back and smiled. They were all naked but the clothes were more thrown than folded.

A year ago, I would have been very nervous to be naked around strangers, but this crew had already taken the nerves out of it. Nudity just seemed natural. Now I was only nervous about asking Carol to marry me. That fear sat in my stomach like a fist.

Dennis Dodge met us at the gate and told us where to set up. I'm not sure if he knew what he was doing or we just got lucky but the spot he had reserved for us was perfect with a nice open area and trees on three sides to break the wind.

It seemed strange setting up the balloon naked. I have to admit to having the chills as I started the inflation fan. The open grill gave me a shiver as I thought of my tender part dangling where the fan blade could catch it. My present attire required extra caution!

I gave tethered rides all afternoon. It was easy for me, I just heated and let the balloon rise while it was tied to the van. The crew had to do all the work, pulling me back to the launch spot as I descended. Then they had to put their weight on the basket to keep it from slinging into the air when the passengers got out. At least it wasn't too windy which kept the job from being too hard.

Each time I rose, I took two naked passengers along. A few of them caused me the risk of something rising besides the balloon, but most were regular people who didn't cause much of a reaction.

As the end of our time drew near, I suddenly regretted not having pockets. I had no place to hide the ring and I was determined to give Carol the last ride of the day and ask her then.

The really good thing about having naked passengers was that, it helped take my mind off the fear in the pit of my stomach. What would Carol say? What would she do?

The afternoon flew by. The last ride of the day came before I knew it. As I touched down with the last of the passengers from the nudist resort, I asked Helen to get me some water and then pulled her close and whispered where I hid the ring and asked her to bring it with the water.

For most of the female passengers I had looked away when they got in, but for Carol, I watched every movement. She stuck one foot in the step, then threw a shapely leg over the top of the basket while I watched her pussy spread open as she shifted her weight to the other foot and climbed in.

My breath came in rapid gasps as I stood looking at Carol. She was like a little girl in a candy store, looking around at the world 100 feet below us.

"Carol, I need to ask you something. Something I've been thinking about for months now. " Carol looked away from the edge and at me. I reached for the ring I had hidden in the propane tank. "Carol would you marry me?" I opened the ring box and showed it to her, but she didn't really look at the ring. 

Carol studied my face for a moment while I tried to understand what was going through her mind. Then she kneeled in front of me and took my cock into her mouth.

She looked up at me and smiled. "Does that answer your question?"