 The following is a true story, well, as true as memory allows...My Girlfriend Tes and I enjoy visiting a motel that has been converted for enjoyment of swingers, it's a small, 25 ish rooms, motel with all the rooms made over with mirrors, faux fireplaces, provisions for swings and most rooms have either a Jacuzzi or a 'love machine' chair. There is a large room with a swimming pool, two large hot tubs and an oversized bed, this area is 'clothing optional' and is generally 95+% nude. With that background, this is what we did on our most recent visit this past Friday night.

We arrived about 630 to find a near empty parking lot and only one guy sitting in one of the hot tubs by himself, hmmm, odd for a Friday night. As we looked around, set up our chairs and stripped down I noticed towels on about a half dozen pairs of chairs, hmmm, must be a number of couples in their rooms... We love the pool, it's the primary reason we enjoy this place but on this night it was not warm enough for us so after a quick visit we headed for one of the hot tubs. The gent on the tub greeted us and extended a hand as we joined him and got warmed up. We chatted a bit and we joined by a younger single fellow and a new older single guy. Tes had me lay back on the lounger seat in the tub and lay down on top of me. This allowed most of her to be submerged in the hot water, not her tits, but most of her. She'd been having neck issues so as she laid there soaking it I tried to work the kinks out for her, we all kept the conversation going and our new friends seemed to enjoy watching her very naked body.

As the conversation flowed amongst the four of us, Tes moved to sit on the bench between our young new friend and me. It wasn't overt, she just moved to sit and left her close to me so we could remain in contact with each other. We try to stay touching when we are together, even if playing with others. As we continued chatting she casually asked our new friend if she could touch him, after the initial surprise he of course said Yes Please! They were both sitting on the bench, the water to mid chest and as we all continued our casual conversation she fondled him and he began to explore her tits and began fingering her pussy. As they explored each other the conversation began to lag and soon we just shut up and watched them enjoy each other. Soon he rose from the water, his cock hard from her hand and she replaced her stroking hand with her mouth. Working his cock with her tongue, sucking him deep, stroking him as she withdrew. It was an incredibly erotic scene and all eyes were locked on to her mouth and hands working his cock. This wasn't a simple BJ, this bordered on cock worship. It didn't take long before he leaned down and said something to her that the rest of us couldn't hear, she looked up at him and he repeated that he was close to cumming and as she took him back into her mouth he did exactly that. Filling her mouth and coating her mouth and chin. 

She turned to me and asked if I wanted a taste so I leaned in and kissed her deeply as he sat back on the edge of the tub. As we broke our kiss he said something and she looked over to see that he had rolled a condom over his still hard cock (Oh to be young again!). She turned back to me and said 'Oh, he's already got one" and turned back to him. He took her by the hips and guided her to his lap. As she sat back, slipping his still hard cock into her wet pussy she leaned over to me and pulled me close so she could lean against me and we could kiss as he fucked her. Without preamble he began a rapid thrusting, driving her into my arms where she clung to me as he pounded her. Within a few minutes she was driving back against him as hard as he was pounding her. She was soon cumming herself as his cock finally started to soften. As they parted, she collapsed against me and slid back into the warm water.

With that our new friend said thank you and slipped out of the hot tub and out of the pool area. Tes grabbed my beard and pulled me to kiss her and said 'lets go sit out a while' so we returned to our chairs and towels.

After catching our breath and drying off from the hot tub we moved to the communal bed and lay down together enjoying the skin contact for a minute before Tes asked me for a massage. Never one to pass that up I began a slow, deep massage as we talked and she rubbed my cock and played with my balls and we people watched. By now, the pool area was filling up and starting to show some signs of life so the people watching was starting to get more interesting with a half dozen couples and a trio or two in the pool enjoying each other. 

Time to get back into the water, the hot tub we had enjoyed was full so we decided to try the hotter one this time. There was a couple soaking and chatting with a single guy who we discovered when we sat down was Tes's friend from the other tub. He soon left and we chatted with the other couple, compared our experiences from visits to the Red Rooster in Las Vegas and comparing it to our local venue. We were joined by a shy older gent experiencing his first visit to MC. After some friendly chit chat the other couple left and were replaced by another single guy. This one older and though single in the tub he was there with his wife. Our older friend left and was replaced by another, younger, couple who had spent some time watching our activities in the other tub. 

We chatted with the new guy for a bit and he shared that he had told his wife he was coming over there to look at Tes's 'titties!' which brought a laugh from her as she raised up out of the water to show them off to him. His response was an appreciative 'mmmm' before adding that he'd 'suck them if shed let him' to which she replied "come on over, I'll never turn down having my tits sucked!'. So he did. He took one and I the other as she lay back and took each of our cocks in her hand as we feasted on her 40DDs. I noticed his fingers busy under the water, tickling her cunt. The other couple left the three of us to play and as they left our older, shy friend returned to watch. Soon it became clear that we were all getting over heated in this tub, especially Tes, so we said our thanks and see ya to our friend and went to cool down and people watch some more. 

As we sat and watched and chatted I noticed that our shy friend was sitting a dozen feet away or so and kept looking back over his shoulder at us. We talked, visited with a couple sitting near us and debated whether we wanted to brave the chilly water in the pool, ultimately we decided not to and looked at the hottubs again but both were beyond full so we just kicked back before she gathered up her towel and said 'go lay on the bed, I want to suck your cock', well I sure wasn't going to say no to that!! So I assumed the position and she began one of the most exquisite blow jobs ever. As we were getting into it our shy friend came up to the bed and asked if he could watch us. Tes just looked up and gave him an enthusiastic 'sure!' and patted to the mattress next to me. He lay there slowly stroking himself as she sucked me. Im old and I tend to take forever to cum, if I do at all, Tes knows this of course so we tend to play some, talk some, play some etc. so she would work my cock and bring me to the brink time and time again before I would ebb away from the brink and she would relax and talk to our watcher. 

This went on for a while and I was loving it of course but it was clear I wasn't going to get to the edge but wasn't going to be able to finish it off this time so we took a break and as we were chatting Tes noticed our friend was slowly stroking himself so, subtle young lady that she is, asked him 'whatcha got going under your towel there?' and lifted it off of him to reveal his hard cock shiny with precum. Needless to say she took no time exploring this new cock, playing with his balls and slowly stroking him as she talked to him and got more acquainted. Before long she nudged me aside and bent to take him in her mouth. Since she was on her knees and her ass was up in the air I did the reasonable thing and moved behind her to ease my cock into her cunt as she continued to work his cock with her mouth. As I slid in I heard a deep, though muffled, moan from her as I pulled her hips tight against my torso. We soon developed a rhythm between us, my thrusts driving her down on his cock and as I withdrew she did too... All to soon our friend warned her that he was about to cum and then did exactly that as she took him to the base as he erupted, filling her mouth as she swallowed him. As we wound down we talked, our friend taking the opportunity to enjoy Tes's tits before he thanked us for including him and went back to people watch. 

Tes and I continued to lay on the bed and enjoy one another as another, younger, couple joined us on the bed and began some serious, and very vocal, fucking (oh to be young again!) before another couple, who were clearly there with them, also joined us on the bed. We lay there, all tangled up, slowly enjoying one another as we watched the four young, fit, bodies suck and fuck for several minutes, several several minutes in fact, before we decided it was late and we had a 2 hour drive back to Tes's bed and we had worked up an appetite, so we packed up and headed out. A good time was had by all!