 Author's Note: This is a sequel to "A Week On The Lake" and "Snowed In." A few of the characters in this story appear in the "Lucky Cable Guy" stories also. Readers of my previous stories will already be aware that sometimes my group sex scenes involve guys messing around with each other, "so if that doesn't seem like your particular brand of vodka, help yourself to as much food as you like, and have a safe journey, no hard feelings. Otherwise, come with me."

Special thanks to SpotInTheSand for story consultation and editing. Check out his stories. They're excellent.

Additional thanks to Stonehammer69 for ongoing story consultation and idea brainstorming. He's also got a couple of stories posted so go read them and tell him in the comments to keep the chapters coming!

* * * * *

Monday

There was a raven in one of the trees above the cabin. He was kind enough to let us know he was there by starting raven choir practice as soon as the sun came up. I'm pretty sure the number they were rehearsing was called "Wake Up Assholes, It's Almost Quarter Past Five."

I stirred enough to realize Eva was spooned up against me. In my sleep I'd managed to get a nice full handful of boob, and my morning semi-erection was nestled perfectly between my girlfriend's plump ass cheeks. I moaned lowly as my nervous system began to fire up, alerting me to all of the skin-on-skin contact, the hard nipple pressed against my palm, the puff of hair just in front of my chin and nose. She smelled incredible, and I started to wonder when she had changed her bodywash, or shampoo, or whatever it was that my not quite booted up sense of smell was noticing.

I let my eyes part just a sliver, and a miraculous little beam of sunlight had managed to find an unobstructed path through the trees behind the cabin and directly into our open window. It lit up like fire the red hair of the woman who now stirred against me, stretching and thrusting her ass against my cock.

Wait, red hair? Who the hell? Oh yeah. Dani. Dani has red hair. Why the fuck am I in bed with Dani and not Eva?

An arm slipped up over my back and side, the small hand coming to a rest on Dani's bare stomach. Eva's amazing tits pressed into my back, her nipples hard and insistent as they dragged across my skin. I squeezed a little on Dani's tit, realizing that it wasn't quite as big as Eva's familiar melons, and that the two ass cheeks nestling my growing cock were not quite as plump as my girlfriend's. Dani and Eva did however have the same basic build, despite Eva being a good four inches shorter.

I tried to remember how I'd ended up in bed with two gorgeous voluptuous goddesses instead of just one. A flash of last night around the fire sipping whiskey quickly jumped to another of our neighbor's window and the hot and heavy foursome we could all see there. Zippers being pulled down. Shirts and bras coming off around the fire.

We'd all been fully prepared to let ourselves get caught up in a full-on orgy right there in the yard when Jack had quietly but firmly called us all to a halt.

"I don't want to spook them on their first night," he said once we had all made our way inside.

I was having a hard time focusing on what he was talking about, with Eva and Dani on either side of me, pressing their tits into my sides and running their hands up and down the elongated bulge running from the center of my shorts up and to the left beneath my belt line.

"Babe, they were having an orgy right out where we could see them," Sophie protested. "It's not like they didn't know we were out there!"

"Yeah, hello!" Maggie agreed. "Bright fire and rock and roll. We weren't exactly hiding out there."

"Look," Jack said, chuckling and shaking his head. "I love you horny maniacs. But we're going to be neighbors with these people for the rest of the week. I saw the same thing you guys saw. I'd love nothing more than to yell over for them to join us by the fire and fuck until the sun comes up. Let's just maybe let them settle in a little, get comfortable. We can invite them over for a barbecue or something and get to know them before we start fucking each other's brains out right in front of them."

"Yeah," I said. "I suppose that makes sense, Boss. Now if you're done with your lecture, I'm going to take these two little ladies to my bedroom."

So we didn't have an orgy right where the neighbors could see us last night, but nobody in our house made any attempt to keep quiet once we were inside.

Now with the cacophony of raven choral performance drawing us too early from our vacation sleep, I had those two little ladies pressed up to either side of me again, and my cock was just about ready for a repeat performance of last night's activities.

"Roll over so I can suck your cock," Eva whispered in my ear. She rolled away from me and I wondered how close she was to tumbling right over the side of the mattress. A full-sized bed is not really all that much room for three adults.

I reluctantly let go of Dani's boob and rolled onto my back. Dani responded my rolling around to face me.

"Good morning," she said.

Eva replied by kissing her deeply. They moaned into each other's mouths, and I struggled to divide my attention between their faces and their two sets of big plump tits pressed into either side of my chest. They both slipped a hand down to my cock and wrapped their fingers around it, Eva working down at the base, and Dani sliding her hand over the ridge of my cock head. They broke their kiss and Eva turned to launch her tongue into my mouth instead, but she didn't spend much time making out with me. She pulled back and Dani was quick to take her place. I locked my lips onto the redhead's and pressed my tongue against hers and moaned into her mouth when Eva started sucking my cock.

The pleasure of Eva's lips and tongue on my cock was driving me to buck my hips up off the mattress, and she moved down lower to keep me in place. I slid my legs close together, and Eva took the blankets and sheets with her when she set her knees on either side of mine and leaned forward to suck my cock back into her mouth. I pulled my mouth back from Dani's and reached to take both of her tits into my hands. She assisted me by moving up on the bed until she was on all fours over me, her pendulous breasts hanging and pressing delightfully against my face. I grabbed her tits and sucked them one at a time, switching back and forth several times while Dani moaned above me and Eva worked my cock in her mouth.

As much as Dani may have been enjoying my oral work on her tits, there was another place upon which she obviously wanted me to use my mouth. She moved up further, holding onto the headboard and lowering her pussy to my face. I was happy to oblige. I licked her opening, letting her distinct flavor fill my mouth, and drawing a gasp of pleasure. I reached up with one hand to grab and squeeze at Dani's tits, and I cupped and squeezed her ass with the other while I hungrily licked and sucked her pussy, alternating between fucking her with my tongue and thrashing her clit with quick little strokes.

Dani started to cum right about the same time Eva popped my cock out of her mouth and crawled up the bed over my body and behind Dani. Eva held Dani through her orgasm, massaging her tits and kissing and lightly biting on her neck. My wet cock was trapped directly under Eva's pussy, and she was grinding her sopping wet cunt against the underside of my shaft. Dani bit her lip and bucked her hips as she came, drenching my face with her pussy juice, which I greedily sucked and lapped directly from her delicious pink cunt.

Once Dani had regained her composure somewhat, Eva reached beneath her and aimed my cock at her beautiful pouting pussy and dropped herself down hard, burying my entire length in her cunt in one smooth stroke.

Dani climbed off me and I got to watch her press her tits into my girlfriend's face, muffling her cries of pleasure as she rode hard on my cock. Eva sucked those big tits as intently as I so often sucked hers, and with Dani moved off to the side, I was able to get my hands Eva's huge boobs to massage and squeeze them as she bounced up and down on me. Her butt slapped against my thighs as every stroke drove my cock into her dripping pussy right to the hilt. Dani reached down and worked her fingertips over Eva's clit and Eva immediately started to cum. Her cries of pleasure were no longer muffled by Dani's tits, and she shrieked wordlessly as her pussy spasmed on my cock and drenched us both with her cum.

Eva rolled off of me and tumbled to the bed, gasping to catch her breath. Dani was quick to catch my cock in her mouth, and she sucked me clean of Eva's cum. I watched her work my stiff prick in her mouth and lick my balls while Eva slowly regained her senses beside us.

"Let me up," I said.

Dani pulled her face off of my cock, and I got up onto my knees, tossing the pillows away so I could kneel right about where Dani's head had been when we woke up.

"Dani, get over here so I can fuck that yummy little pussy," I ordered. I waited where I was, my cock pointing straight up in the air, almost pulsing with my heartbeat. "And I want you to suck Eva's pussy while I fuck you."

While Dani and Eva got themselves into position, I looked up to see that the bedroom door was wide open, and Maggie and Kristen were both standing in the hallway watching us. They were both naked, and they both waved before Jack suddenly appeared behind them, his big thick cock standing out hard and long from his body as he put an arm around each of their waists and pulled them back with him into his and Sophie's room. But they didn't bother shutting the door either.

Dani pressed her butt against my cock and balls, bringing my attention back to my immediate task. Her mouth was already latched onto Eva's pussy, and Eva was looking up at me with eyes on fire.

"Fuck her, baby!" she barked. "I want to suck your cum out of her pussy."

I spread Dani's beautiful round ass cheeks apart and gazed at her pussy and asshole before grabbing my cock by the base and plunging it halfway into her cunt. Dani screamed into Eva's pussy and I drew back until just my cock head was still inside her hot juicing hole. My next stroke was harder, and I slammed my entire cock into her.

Dani wrenched her mouth away from Eva's pussy to scream, "OH FUCKING FUCK!" before Eva grabbed her head and planted her face back down to her task.

"I know Will's fat cock feels really fucking good," Eva said, "but you better make me cum before he shoots all his hot spunk in your pussy."

Dani bellowed into Eva's pussy again as I began to fuck her in earnest. I reached beneath her and grabbed onto her tits as I repeatedly slammed my hips into the cushion of her ass. My balls flailed wildly beneath me as I drove my cock hard and fast into Dani's pussy. Dani thrashed in front of me, and Eva and I had to hold her where she was as she started to cum hard. Her pussy clenched around my cock, sending even more pleasure shooting up through my body, and forcing me to temporarily hold where I was, buried three quarters inside her. She soaked my cock and balls with her pussy-cum and screamed into Eva's pussy.

"Oh fuck, YES!" Eva cried. "I'm cumming!"

The vibrations of Dani's pulsing pussy suddenly drove me over the edge, and with a yelp of surprise, I felt my churning balls deliver a huge jet of cock cream into her pussy.

"Oh holy fuck!" I groaned. "Oh my fucking god I'm cumming!"

My vision started to blur as my first burst of spunk was followed up by a second and then a third. Finally I pulled back and my fourth and final strand of cum splashed against Dani's asshole and slowly oozed down onto her cum-filled pussy.

Dani and I both tumbled to the side as our orgasms passed, and Eva quickly hopped up and hurried around the bed to get a better angle at feasting on Dani's freshly fucked pussy. I watched my girlfriend hungrily and noisily slurp and suck on Dani's pussy, swallowing down my cum and Dani's while Dani writhed and quickly shrieked and thrashed her way through her third orgasm of the morning.

My cock had started to deflate as soon as I was done filling Dani's pussy with cum, but watching Eva tonguing her cum-filled snatch got me back to full hardness in seconds. I sat back watching and stroking my slick cock with one hand and playing with Dani's big heaving tits with the other.

Across the hall, they had been even noisier than we had. There was now no doubt in my mind that some of the sounds I had heard were those of Jack fucking his "not-cousin" Maggie. A perverse little thrill made me curious enough to get off the bed and leave Eva and Dani to twist themselves into a sixty-nine. I walked across the hall with my hard cock swinging in front of me.

I stopped in the opposite bedroom doorway and leaned against the frame just in time to watch Jack pull his cock out of Kristen's pussy and erupt in a geyser of spurting cum. Thick ropes of spunk shot out of his cock and blasted across Kristen's stomach and tits until Maggie leaned in and caught his bulging cock head in her mouth and sucked down the rest of what Jack was shooting. Sophie quickly went to work licking up the cum off of Kristen's dark brown skin.

"Wanna switch rooms for a bit?" Jack asked me, drawing my attention away from the way Sophie's tongue worked across Kristen's tits.

I nodded, and Jack stopped on his way out of his bedroom and leaned over to suck about half of my cock into his mouth. He spent a few seconds giving me a few long slow sucks before popping back up.

"Tastes like Dani," he said.

"Right you are," I said, before dropping to suck some of Kristen's flavor off of his cock, which had not even begun to soften. 

"Oh my god," Maggie cooed. "You guys are so fucking sexy."

After a few seconds of sucking Jack's cock, I stood back up, and Jack left me there with Sophie, Kristen and Maggie all looking up at me from the bed.

Maggie was the first to move. She turned around and settled her elbows down on the mattress in front of her, thrusting out her wonderful ass in the air behind her just off the edge of the bed. Kristen and Sophie soon mimicked her, and soon I was gazing down at a trio of asses of different sizes and colors. First was Maggie, her skin tanned except for the faint lines that had formed yesterday out on the boat. Next to her was Kristen, whose ass was a bit narrower, but much darker. Then was Sophie, her athletic body producing a muscled and firm, but pleasantly wide ass. I could plainly see all three pussies and assholes pointing back at me, so I got down on my knees and started to suck.

I moved from Maggie to Kristen to Sophie, slowly exploring each pussy with my lips and tongue before quickly running my tongue around the rim of each asshole. Each of them in turn squealed at the sudden touch of my tongue on the entrance to her anal cavity.

"Oh my god, would you hurry up and fuck me already!" Maggie barked as I was still enjoying the taste of Sophie's pussy. My cock was so fucking hard I could have stood in for a towel rack, and I was more than happy to move over to Maggie and press the tip of my cock in between the slick lips of her pussy. When she tried to push back, I teased her by pointing my cock downward so that her slit just slid across the upper surface of my shaft.

"Oh you fucker!" she croaked. "Put that fucking thing in me!"

"Hang on just a second," I said. "Would you two mind sucking my cock to get me ready to fuck Maggie?"

I turned toward Sophie and Kristen who both turned around and started working their mouths up and down either side of my cock while Maggie looked on nearly exasperated. Kristen and Sophie took turns sucking my cock until I was liberally coated in their spit.

"Thank you, ladies," I said. "Are you ready to get fucked, Maggie?"

"Jesus Christ, YES!" she screamed, and the rest of us giggled at her frustration. "Fuck me right FUCKING NOW!"

I eased in behind her again and this time buried my cock in her hot pussy in one hard fast stroke.

"Oh FUCK!" we both screamed simultaneously.

Sophie moved up the bed and spread her legs in front of Maggie, who buried her face in the blond's pussy, muffling her cries of delight. Kristen got up on her knees on the bed and thrust her wonderful tits into my face, and it took me a lot of concentration to keep thrusting my cock in and out of Maggie's cunt while I sucked on those two beautiful brown boobs. It was a mixed blessing when Kristen leaned back down again to stroke Maggie's pussy while my cock pistoned in and out; I was able to concentrate on fucking Maggie, but I no longer had Kristen's tits in my mouth. Vacation life is tough.

Maggie shrieked and howled into Sophie's pussy, while Sophie moaned and squirmed in front of her, cupping her own tits and giving me a wonderful view of her naked body. Kristen had rolled onto her back and squirmed under Maggie's body and she was sucking on her tits while I fucked her. I slapped Maggie's ass lightly and she shrieked again, and I continued to pound her pussy with my cock, every stroke sending a resounding slap of my hips against her butt. Kristen wormed her way even lower on Maggie's body, and Maggie erupted in a volcanic orgasm when Kristen's tongue came into contact with her clit.

"Oh HOLY FUCK!" Maggie screamed. "Don't you dare stop fucking me! Give me that cock! Harder! HARDER!"

Maggie's pussy was convulsing around my cock, but I didn't slow my constant thrusting. I obeyed her harshly barked commands and held her hips tightly and fucked her as hard as I could. It occurred to me that I couldn't hear the ravens anymore. Maybe we'd scared them off. There was no way the neighbors weren't getting an ear full though.

I wasn't anywhere near ready to cum again, so I continued to savagely pound Maggie's cunt until she exploded again in a thrashing, bucking, screaming orgasm. She left my cock and balls covered with her pussy juice when she rolled over into a pile of sweating bodies on the bed in front of me. Sophie managed to disentangle herself and scoot forward until her butt was right on the edge of the bed and her legs were spread wide open, her pussy visibly dripping. I wasted no time burying my cock in Jack's girlfriend as Kristen climbed up and dropped her pussy directly onto Sophie's mouth.

Maggie slowly gathered her composure again as I fucked Sophie with just as much intensity as I'd just given to Maggie. Sophie was cumming all over my cock after just a few minutes, screaming into Kristen's pussy, who herself was cumming all over Sophie's face. Maggie got up on her knees next to me and I quickly lowered my face to suck her tits, which were probably the smallest in the house, but definitely still lovely round handfuls.

"Oh yes," she groaned while Sophie and Kristen continued to moan and gasp beneath us. "Suck my tits. Fuck Sophie's pussy and suck my tits."

I could finally feel the growing surge of an impending orgasm building deep in my swinging balls.

"Pull your cock out when you start to cum," Maggie ordered. "I want you to shoot your load right in my mouth."

I moaned, muffled by the salty skin and soft flesh of her tits and I felt Sophie's pussy start to spasm on my cock again, her screams suddenly becoming much louder when Kristen fell off of her, thrashing with her own orgasm.

"Oh my fucking god, Will!" Sophie shrieked. "You're making me fucking cum again!"

I reluctantly pulled my mouth away from Maggie's tits and watched Sophie's boobs bounce wildly on her chest as she threw her head back and screamed that she was cumming. Her pussy clamped down hard on my cock, and she gasped, her screams suddenly reduced to gasping as her spasming pussy dumped her cum all over my cock. She finally collapsed flat on the bed, drawing deep breaths as her orgasm receded, and I withdrew my cock, which was shiny with a coating of her cum.
