 The ad read, "Wanted! An uninhibited male to help satisfy my wife." I had read the ad with some skepticism. But answer it I did. The next three weeks were filled with e-mail notes back and forth. They were a middle aged Black couple. She had the hots for more than he could give her. She was into almost anything; he was more straight-laced and conservative. When they finally sent the pictures, I was floored. She was knockout, drag down gorgeous. He was just your average run of the mill Joe. That settled it, I was going to get a piece of that. We set up our first contact. It took place in a bar not far from town. They didn't want neighbors in their business. He did most of the talking; she was just there for decoration and to keep my interest. She kept my interest all right! I was hard from the moment I saw her. She wore a plain long skirt. You know the kind that hangs about 2 inches above the floor. The cowboy shirt that went with it only accented her figure, which was to say the least, very impressive. She had about a 44 chest, her waist slimed nicely and her ass; well she had the kind of ass that you wouldn't mind if she said 'kiss it'.

Their names were Mark and Jennie. They owned their own business. I wasn't surprised to learn that she ran the business and he kept the books. Even though she said little, she had an air about her. There was a no nonsense attitude that she wore like armor. But at the table, she just smiled. She had one of the prettiest smiles with the whitest teeth. You could get lost in her smile and I almost did. I brought my mind out of the clouds and back to the conversation. Mark was saying, "we love each other very much. It was only because of the respect and dignity that your letters conveyed that we answered. You can imagine some of the replies we got?" I smiled at him. Oh yes I can only imagine. Finding fun online can be a long, dull, frustrating task. Even when you think you've found someone, you are still careful and wary. Thus, we were having this first contact meeting. "I know what you mean. Most people that reply have no respect for themselves. Just from the way they respond, you know that you wouldn't want them to touch your dog, let alone touch your spouse or mate. So tell me, how long have you and Jennie been doing things like this?" This time Jennie piped in. 

"Oh you're the second person we've met. The first guy sounded like a dream. But on meeting him, everything seemed wrong. He said things to contradict the things he first said. And after a couple of drinks, he became loud and his language became abusive and crude. We wrote him and said that he didn't fit what we were looking for. His reply could have melted our printer it was so abusive. By the way Leon, how do you feel about BI males?" This question caught me off guard. I had never been with a man sexually. Sure during an orgy, I've had men suck my dick and I even sucked theirs but that was as far as it ever went. I looked at the two of them. The looks on their faces let me know this was a crucial question. I looked at them both. "I've been oral with other men. That's as far as I want to take it." They smiled at each other. I guess I passed their test.

We seemed to hit it off and upon leaving, we promised to write and say what we felt about each other. Their reply came that night. Jennie kept saying how things felt so right. Even Mark couldn't say enough about how relaxed and confident he felt about our meeting. I replied that they sounded and acted even more genuine than they had first appeared in writing. We set a date to spend the next weekend at their home. Upon arriving, I could only gaze at my surroundings. Their house was nestled back up in the woods. Oh no, it wasn't a shack, it was right out of one of those picture magazines. Everything was in its proper place. The lawn was trimmed to perfection, the trees seemed to have been placed there for my viewing pleasure. Mark greeted me with a drink in one hand. As he handed me my drink, he took my bag. "Jennie's out back, we're barbecuing tonight." Mark disappeared into the house and I walked around the house to the back. They had an above ground pool with a wooden deck. But this was not your ordinary pool. This one was the one that you see in the book. But what really set off the look was Jennie. She was lounging in a wicker chaise lounge. She had on the skimpiest bikini I had ever seen. The top covered only her nipples, and the bottom consisted of two strings. One split her thick pussy lips, the other rode up the crack of her ass. I stopped dead still. Unable to speak and afraid to breath. This had to be a dream.

Jennie lifted her head and smiled at me. Then she called out to Mark. "I win darling. I told you when he saw me in this; he would loose the ability to speak. Leon! Don't just stand there with your mouth hanging open. I'm sure that you have seen a Nubian Queen before?" As she said this, she let her hands rub down her body. She gave her tits a nice squeeze, then let her hands travel down to her thighs. She was looking directly at me as they slipped between those mahogany pillars and rubbed both pouting lips. I took a gulp of my drink. Then I knelt down on one knee. "My Queen, I humble myself in your presence." This caused her to burst out laughing. Even Mark shouted, "damn! That Brother has class." Jennie stood up from her chair and after watching her walk towards me, I was glad I stood so far away. It was hard to stop my dick from rising. She slid her arms around me and kissed me. Her kiss was soft, sensuous and made you want to melt into her. Her hand reached down and squeezed my hard dick. "I see you brought the only luggage I want to wear this weekend. I let myself be drawn into the kiss and my hands slid down her back and caressed her sweet ass. Her skin was as smooth and velvety as possible. I could have rubbed her all night. But of course I wanted to do more to her.

I sat down with her and we chatted while Mark fiddled with the grill. They made sure that my glass stayed refreshed. After dinner, which was some of the best char-grilled chicken I have ever had, we sat having more drinks. Mark explained that their property was surrounded with an elaborate security system. Since he traveled at times and Jennie was here by herself, he had one put in. It warned of and intruder from as far as a mile away. Jennie looked at me and said, "I often sun bath nude. It wouldn't do for someone to come upon me unexpectedly." I laughed. "Jennie, if they came upon you in the nude, their cum would be anything but unexpected." She laughed. The quiet of the evening echoed the ringing of her laughter. "Leon. When you came in, you kissed one pair of lips and completely ignored the other pair. I think they would like a proper greeting too." I shot a glance at Mark. He smiled and raised his glass. I got up and went to the lounge she reclined upon. "My queen, I have been neglectful. Please forgive me!" With that, I bent and my lips kissed her thighs. Her laughter stopped as my lips kissed her pussy lips. She raised her knees and slid down into the chair some more. My tongue licked both lips than ran along the coarse material. I found her clit and let my tongue wash back and forth on it. Her soft cooing let me know she was enjoying it.

I waited until I felt the stirring of her climax before I stopped. She groaned in protest. Then she straightened up and laughed. "If I were a queen and you stopped like that, I would have your balls slave." I took my finger and slid it past the string into her pussy. She shifted her hips and it slid in completely. I pulled it out and as she watched, I sucked it clean. "Jennie. If your were a queen and I were a slave, I wouldn't have stopped until you did have my balls." Mark shouted "touché." I was standing now, my hardon evident as it pressed hard against the inside of my pants. Jennie reached up and unzipped my fly. My dick poked out and Jennie was quick to capture it in her mouth. In one slow suck, she had it buried to the back of her throat. I felt her throat muscles working on the head. I knew that if I didn't stop her, I would cum fast. I pulled my dick free. "I hope you don't intend to tease me like this all weekend?" I smiled at her and took a gulp from my glass. "No my queen, just part of it." She called to Mark. "Come here my darling. I know that watching has you hard also." Mark came toward her and his hardon was as noticeable as mine had been. Jennie showed no hesitation as she unzipped his pants. Being more used to her services; Mark held her head as he fucked her mouth. He watched me to get my reaction. I smiled at him and raised my glass in salute. I also had time to check out his equipment. He was built along the same size and width as I was. Then he pulled it from her also.

We decided to retire to the warmth of the house. We went down into the den. Mark took a key from his pocket and unlocked a panel in the wall. When he slid it back I saw just about every type of sex toy there was. There was everything from tiny tit clamps to enema bottles. With just about one of everything else in between. "This is our treasure chest. I have collected every type of pleasure/pain device I can think of. And Jennie has used just about every one of them." Jennie's arms slid around me. I felt her hands as she rubbed my nipples. "Would you like to tie me up and whip me till I scream? Or just restrain me and use me like a whore?" I let my eyes travel over the assortment of instruments. I looked at Mark and he seemed to be a part of things, but apart from them. Jennie had unzipped my pants and had my dick out. She was stroking it as it began to grow. I called Mark over to us. He stood before me. We looked into each other's face. There was a longing in his eyes. I smiled as I took his hand and placed it on my dick. His eyes grew brighter as his smile grew wider. I could feel Jennie behind me as she snuggled closer. Mark was BI-sexual. Jennie could have gotten many men but unless they included Mark, they would have just been there to fuck her. That was the reason for their question at our first meeting. Mark stared into my eyes. He never had to ask the question. I reached up and cupped him behind the head. I pulled him down a bit and he knelt down on his knees. He looked up at us. Jennie was breathing hard in my ear. She held my dick out straight directing the head to his open lips.

I slowly brought Marks mouth closer and closer. As his lips closed over the head of my dick, Jennie moaned in my ear. I held Mark's head steady as Jennie stroked my throbbing dick with her hand. "Thank you," she whispered in my ear. I turned my head and our lips met. Her kiss was full of passion. I felt her hands as she rubbed both my dick and Mark's lips. I let Mark enjoy himself. Hell, he was sucking my dick so well; I was enjoying myself to. I felt Jennie move away from me. She came around me and got down on the floor with Mark. She knelt beside him and put her arm around his shoulder. I watched as she bent her head close to his. Her tongue licked out and touched my shaft. Mark lifted his head up and Jennie took his place. Her mouth was just as hot and wet as his had been. He began to undress her. Then they switched and he was again sucking my dick as she began to undress him. Back and forth they went as they undressed each other. By the time they were both naked, I was ready to scream. Jennie turned to Mark and they embraced. "I knew he was the right one," she said as Mark mounted her. He pushed her legs back. I grabbed Jennie's ankles and held them high. Mark positioned himself, bracing his weight on his hands as she guided his dick to her hole. With a lunge, he sank it to the hilt. Jennie grunted as he began to pound into her. "Oh Mark! Yes Mark! Damn Mark! Oh Mark! Oh Mark! Ohhhhh!" Mark rode her until she came. From the way the two of them went at it, I gathered that this was not the way he normally fucked her. Mark pulled out and his dick was covered with her cum. she sat up and he grabbed her hair. I watched as she sucked him clean.

Jennie got up off the floor and came towards me. I don't know what she expected but when I grabbed her and kissed her, she seemed shocked. When the kiss broke, she was smiling like a cat. "Oh Leon. That's the hardest Mark has fucked me in so long. I almost forgot how long he is." I looked at Mark for the first time. He was about 10 inches long. I could only imagine how deep he was into her. "I have to take a shower. You guys care to join me?" I knew that they had a big tub. Jennie had showed me around the house earlier. The three of us went into the bedroom and the two of them undressed me. We got into the shower and washed each other. Mark almost came again as I washed and fondled his dick and balls. While I was washing Jennie, she put one of her legs up on the rim of the tub. I washed her pussy good, then took the shower massager and directed the pulsing action directly up into her pussy. I kept it there, pulsing in her clit until she began to tremble. Mark stood behind Jennie and began to pinch and pull her nipples. I was down on my knees as I did this. When Jennie moved away to rinse off, Mark stood there not knowing what to do next. I took the shower hose and turned the water down. I directed the softer pulse on his dick and balls. Mark closed his eyes and relished the feeling. Since I was so close, I decided to give him a special treat. I closed my lips over his bloated cock. When he opened his eyes and realized it was I, he began to tremble hard. I have had so many women suck my dick; I knew instinctively what a man wants when his dick is in a hot mouth. I let my tongue lick and rub over the sensitive head. Then as I took more and more in my mouth, I let my tongue tease the underside of his shaft. I waited until I felt him getting ready to shot his load. Then I took my mouth off and watched his frustration. I turned to look at Jennie and she was watching us. She was watching us as she worked the handle of her shower brush up into her cunt.

After the shower we went back down to the den. Mark was like another person. "What shall we do to the queen?" He looked at me as he asked. I smiled. "I say we pay her back for all the times she forced us to please her. Then whipped us for not doing it right." I went to the treasure chest and took down a 3ft bar that had restraints on each end. We put these on her wrist. Taking down another bar, this one 4ft, we attached it to her ankles. Then we laid her on the couch. This couch was more like a lounge chair only padded. The bars were secured with little hooks Mark lifted from beneath the couch. I sat on one side and Mark on the other. We each took a tit in our mouth and began to suck and lick. Mark got up and came back with two vibrators in his hand. He handed me one. As we touched her body, we played the vibrators over her. We would bring Jennie close to cumming, but not let her cum. Each time we judged her about to cum, we would stop and talk to each other. Then we knelt between her legs and took turns licking her slit. From the bottom to the top, one of us would lick then stop and let the other one lick. After awhile we had Jennie to the point of begging for release. When we didn't give it to her, she cursed us and called us names. "You don't need me. You two faggots can fuck each other. Mark you bastard. I'll make you pay later." Mark and I took poses like drag queens and minced around the room. I switched my way over to the panel and took down the short whip. I also took down the blue ball gag that hung on a hook. I walked over to Jennie and despite her struggles, placed the ball gag in her mouth and secured it. I then stood by her letting the strands of the whip brush her stomach. Since we were playing the role of queen and slaves, I decided to extend it further.

"My Nubian Queen! Remember when we failed to satisfy your insatiable lust? Remember how you had us whipped as you sat and laughed at our cries? Well now it is us who are in command. And you have failed to satisfy our lust for vengeance." Mark looked at me with some concern. "Don't worry Mark, I know how to handle one of these" I said as I hefted the whip. I let it brush against Jennie's pussy as I talked. Then I snapped it lightly to gauge proper distance. The idea was not to hurt Jennie, just make it sting. I flicked the whip and the thongs brushed her nipples. Her eyes grew wide as she looked at Mark. I snapped the whip again and this time, it caressed her pussy. She jumped at its touch. Her eyes pleaded with Mark to stop me. "Are you sure you're not hurting her?" I told Mark to stand still and flicked the whip at his arm. It barely touched him but he did feel its sting. "I can do that all day and never break the skin. Oh it'll sting and hurt but won't do any permanent damage." I reached down and stuck my finger up into Jennie's wet cunt. "Beside, I intend to spend the rest of the weekend fucking this sweet pussy. I'd be a fool to put it out of commission the first night." I started whipping Jennie again. I went from her pussy to her tits and back to her pussy. Back and forth, over and over I whipped her. After about 3 minutes, which must have seemed like and eternity to Jennie, I stopped. "Now my queen, are you ready to serve and obey?" Jennie nodded her head vigorously. "Remove her gag so we may hear her words." Mark removed the gag and Jennie moved her tongue around to get moisture back into her mouth. "Fuck me Mark. Please fuck me." I saw Mark's dick jump. We had denied Jennie her satisfaction so long she would do anything now.

Getting into the role he was playing, Mark looked at her. "Oh my sweet queen, you don't seem so powerful now. Your armies can do nothing to help you. There are no servants to kneel at your feet and suck your royal pussy." With that, he pinched her nipples hard. Jennie moaned at the pain. Then he crawled up onto the lounge. He began to fuck Jennie. He did it slow and pulled his dick out at the first sign that she was getting into it. By his forth attempt, she was crying and spitting at him. "You fucking bastard. Don't do this to me. If you love me, make me cum. please Mark. Oh please." She turned to me. "Leon you monster, don't do this to me! I'll do what ever the two of you tell me to do. Just let me cum. I'm going out of my mind." I looked at Mark. "Shall we go up stairs and make some sandwiches? I'm feeling hungry again." Mark looked concerned. He had never seen Jennie like this before. I could tell he was ready to cave in to her pressure. "Fuck her Mark. Give her the satisfaction she's begging for." Mark jumped between Jennie's legs and began to fuck her with renewed passion. She was screaming and crying as he shoved his dick in again and again. Then she came. It was a long drawn out scream. Her body convulsed again and again. Mark also shouted out his own climax. Then she collapsed and lay still. Mark got up and was about to remove her restraints. "Leave them on. Let her know what a slave feels like." I grabbed Mark and pulled him toward the stairs. We went upstairs and closed the door. I opened it a crack and we heard Jennie calling out to us. "I have to go to the bathroom. Please let me loose. Mark! Mark! Leon! Oh please let me loose. I have to pee real bad." Not wanting to distress Mark more than he already was, I motioned for him to go and release her. I went and made a drink, then sat down at the kitchen table.

When they came upstairs, Jennie looked at me and shook her head. "You are some piece of work." I looked up at her and smiled. "From the sounds of your screams as you came, you enjoyed it." I went back to sipping my drink. Mark sat down at the table and looked from Jennie to me. "How can you be so soft and warm one moment, then so cold the next. You come off as a man who enjoys pleasing his partners. But then you get into a role and you immerse yourself in it. You enjoyed giving me pain." I looked from Jennie to Mark. "You asked for a partner who could enhance the lovemaking between the two of you. I answered your ad. I didn't do anything more than what you wanted." I looked at Mark. "You're BI-sexual, and yet you refuse to confront your sexuality with your wife." I let my hand cup his face. "Did you enjoy having my dick in your mouth. Was it better for you when I took your dick in my mouth? Was it that much better than what your wife does because I'm a man? When I do fuck your ass, and you know I will, will you want Jennie in the room to watch how much you enjoy it? I know the type of man I am. I enjoy sex how I enjoy it and I'm not ashamed. Can the two of you look each other in the eye and admit you enjoy it too?" I had given them a lot to think about. I picked up my drink and went into the den. I turned on some music and sat listening to it.
