 "This is great!" Kamesh said, obviously overjoyed at both the immediate visual pleasure and the untold manipulative potential that Shanti's tape had. "I just knew you'd like it, honey," Shanti cooed, loving Kamesh's affectionate approval. They were lying on the big round bed, naked and sweating from a recent session of love-making, lounging comfortably in front of the big television screen. Kamesh had had a video tape of himself and Shanti running while they were fucking andShanti had popped in her "special" tape after they had finished. Kamesh was lying spent and exhausted on the bed. Shanti had waited several days since she had made the tape of herself and Vijaya before surprising Kamesh with it. She had watched it several times since then, but had preferred to let Vijaya wait and have time for both her guilt and her lust to grow before showing the tape to Kamesh. Shanti was sure that Kamesh would want to lure Vijaya into his den as soon as he saw the incriminating and provocative tape. She was right.

"I can't believe this," Kamesh exclaimed excitedly. "How did you do it? When did you do it? God damn! I can't wait to get her over here and have her just the way I want her." The segment of the tape that Shanti was now showing was that of Vijaya jerking off with their favorite blue dildo. Shanti noticed that Kamesh's cock was reacting to the tape, too. His pecker was already stiffeningagain, and so soon after that fucking they had just had. Oh well, she thought, I can't let a little petty jealousy mess up the good time we're going to have with this.

"I taped it a couple of days ago, honey," she said proudly, groaning slightly as Kamesh shoved his hand between her thighs and groped for her pussy as he watched Vijaya manipulating hers on theTV screen.

"How'd you do it?" he asked, still staring in amazement at the tape as Vijaya began to climax.

"I just happened to meet her in the neighbourhood," Shanti replied. "She recognized me from the film you had shown her." Shanti did not reveal the intimidation she had to deliver to Vijaya and get her around for the sordid sex. 

"Goddam! You're great, honey!" he shouted, then stared in open-mouth amazement as Shanti's figure came onto the screen at the peak of Vijaya's climax. "Shit! You got her to go lesbian, too?"he asked, watching intently at the taped image of Shanti squeezing Vijaya's full, white boobs then collapsing on top of her and engaging her in a wild, passionate kiss.

"That's right, honey," she said proudly, "but just watch.

You haven't seen anything yet!"

Kamesh leered intently and let out a hoarse, excited laugh as he watched the confused but passionate expression on Vijaya's face when Shanti trailed her way down her neck with kisses and stopped at her tits to squeeze and suck. Shanti glanced at the TV screen but was more attracted to the scene between Kamesh's legs. His fingers were working faster in her pussy, stirring up her juices and her desires. His dick was lengthening and hardening with each new change in the encounter on the screen.

"Yeah," Kamesh sighed as Shanti's mouth worked its way into Vijaya's pubic bush and Shanti's hot dark tongue darted out to flick at Vijaya's clit. "She loves it, doesn't she?" he said hoarsely, looking at Vijaya's lust-filled face as she felt the intimate oral caress of another woman for the first time.

"You bet she loved it. You know how good I am," Shanti whispered in his ear as she leaned toward him. She grasped his semi-erect cock in her soft, skilled hand and lifted it from where it lay across his thigh. She loved the feel of it. The skin was smooth and satiny. The head was perfectly shaped, hard and bulbous when fully erect. She loved his meat like no other man's, not even Ratan – who was her favorite, she thought as she felt the heavy weight of it in her hand. She just held it lightly at first, knowing that the mere touch of her warm hand on his cock-flesh was enough to excite him.

"Uuuuuummmmmm, you are good, baby," he sighed, enjoying the slight pressure of her hand around his pecker as he watched Shanti devouring Vijaya's widely spread pussy. She began to lightly stroke her hand up and down the length of his cock, stimulating the super-sensitive underside with her supple fingers, feeling it still growing and swelling in her hand. It was too big now for her to get her hand wrapped completely around it.

She could tell that his cock had now reached its full ten inches and that it was still just barely the slightest bit soft. In another few moments, it would be its full length, and the dark-red color of the cock-head would spread down his whole shaft. She grasped the hard, red bulb at the end of his long rod and massaged the tender flesh of the circumcised head. He groaned deeply in reply.

The television screen now showed the torrid scene of a lust-crazed Shanti rubbing her swollen tits against Vijaya's dripping pussy. Kamesh leaned back, propping his head on a pillow to keep the screen in view, and spoke gently but authoritatively to Shanti. "Suck me while I watch this, baby. Really suck me good. Goddamn! This is great!"

Shanti moved her head down to Kamesh's crotch. "Just keep watching, honey. I don't want you to miss the best part," she said softly but excitedly, knowing that she would time her sucking just right so that Kamesh would come deep in her throat as he watched the final scene of Vijaya fucking herself in the ass and licking Shanti's asshole. He'd just love it, she thought delightedly. Kamesh watched the TV screen hungrily as Shanti knelt between his spread thighs. She held his erect cock in both hands and squeezed the hard shaft, bringing a white pearl of fluid out of the slit in the massive head. She lapped the precious liquid hungrily then began to cover the swollen head with her tongue, licking and nibbling all around the hot bulging bulb. As she licked, she went lower and below on his cock-head and made bigger and bigger circles with her tongue until the entire head of his huge organ was inside her hot mouth. She loved the taste of it. The heat of it caused her pussy to quiver and burn.

Knowing that the video tape was now advanced to the segment where she was beginning to humiliate Vijaya, Shanti quickened her sucking. She slowly moved her head downward, savoring every inch of cock-flesh she sucked into her mouth. She felt the head of his red, steaming prick pressing against the back of her throat, but she relaxed and let it slide still deeper inside. Inch by inch, his big cock disappeared into her voracious mouth, filling her mouth and throat until she thought she couldn't hold any more. But she knew she still could. She opened her mouth still widerand drew the last few remaining inches of his cock into her throat. She loved the feeling of being stuffed full of his cock, feeling her lips brushing against his pubic hair, his big prick throbbing and pulsing in her mouth. Kamesh glanced down at Shanti, savoring the hot, wet pressure of her skillful mouth around his cock. He was delighting, too, in the scene on the screen as Shanti manipulated and used Vijaya. He had loved the way Shanti had made Vijaya lick Shanti's pussy-juices off the big dildo. He was gazing intently now as Shanti was forcing Vijaya to shove the big plastic cock up her virgin ass. And Shanti was beginning to suck harder on his cock now as he wondered what would happen next on the screen.

She raised her head back up to the top of his cock-shaft and was beginning another downward plunge. She sucked him back in faster this time, hearing him grunt in response. She released him again, his shaft now glistening with her saliva, and made her next stroke harder and more forceful as she plunged downward. Soon, she had developed a rhythm with her bobbing head that she could tell matched his point of excitement with the video tape. She sucked strongly and smoothly, savoring the feeling of his big prick sliding in and out of her mouth.

"Oh ... that's great, honey," he moaned. "And watching and looking at Vijaya fuck her ass like that is great, too." Shanti doubled her pace now and the tape was near the end. She was fucking his cock swiftly in and out of her mouth. She took his fat balls lightly with her fingertips and began to gently squeeze and pull at his nut-sac, raising his level of excitement another notch.

"Ooooohhhh ... that's great, baby," he groaned, watching the final scene of Vijaya's humiliation as she fucked her own ass and Shanti's gorgeous pussy and licked Shanti's asshole at the same time.And simultaneously, Shanti was sucking his cock like a madwoman and milking his balls. "AAAAHHHHHH ... SUCK IT ... SUCK IT!" he cried as the hot cum boiled out of his loins and sluiced through his cock.

Shanti could feel his balls tighten just before he came and squeezed them harder as he cried out. Her mouth involuntarily tightened around his dick as she felt his hot jism flooding her mouth and throat and oozing out of her widely stretched lips. She sucked in every drop she could, not for a minute wanting to miss any of his hot juice.

As his body relaxed and his cock ceased its violent pulsing in her mouth, she pulled her lips away and languidly licked and sucked his entire shaft, luxuriating in the delicious reward of his hot jism. He was dazed by the intensity of the orgasm and lay back exhausted as she covered his softening dick with her hungry lips and tongue. Once she had lapped up every drop that remained on his still-heavy shaft, she performed her final and favorite blowjob practice. She held his thick, glistening cock in both hands and pulled the tender skin downward until the slit at the top of the head gaped open. Then, placing her lips against the open piss-hole, she sucked the remaining thick jism from deep in his shaft, milking it with her hands to squeeze out every drop. 

"Uuuummmmmm," he moaned softly, feeling that last deep suction of Shanti's mouth pull the last juices out of his softening pecker. She was the only woman who loved his jism so much that she got every drop like that. And he loved that part as much as any other part of her excellent blowjobs. Shanti relaxed with her head resting on Kamesh's belly. She felt content and satisfied with a job well done and knew they both needed to catch their breath before discussing Vijaya any further. Shanti toyed with her pussy as she rested, gently fingering her clit to bring herself to a light, but pleasant orgasm as she waited for Kamesh. She knew that he sometimes liked to doze for a few minutes after such a strenuous orgasm. She often passed the time by giving herself the luxury of an extra orgasm or two.

Reasoning that Kamesh had napped for long enough, two relaxing little orgasms' worth, Shanti moved her warm body up beside his. She awakened him by gently rubbing her fine, smooth tits and belly against his side. It was slow, but it always woke him up in a cheerful mood.

"Ummmm ... that was really something special, lover," he said as he stretched then pulled her closer to his side.

"I knew you'd be surprised," she whispered.

She could tell his attention was now turning to what possible use they could make of the film by the concerned expression that appeared on his face. "I wonder just how much we can get withthat tape?" he murmured.

"What do you mean?"

"Well, I'm pretty sure from the way you handled Vijaya that we can have her up here tomorrow afternoon sucking and fucking both of us like crazy," Kamesh said. "One little suggestion to her that we might just show that tape to her husband will scare her bad enough to do just about anything we want."

"What else do we want?" Shanti asked, puzzled by what he said.

"Well, there's that cute little niece of hers. She's really something!"

"Hey, don't make me jealous," Shanti said, only half jokingly. 

"Don't worry, honey," he reassured her, "you're still the best." But he secretly wondered if Vijaya's niece Priyamani might be even better. Seeing her at the swimming pool the past few days since he had first voiced his opinion to Ajay had really increased his awareness of her innocent, teenage beauty. She might not be any better than Shanti, but he knew she'd be good -- and he knew he was beginning to want her real bad.

"I wouldn't try to do too much with this one film," Shanti said. "We'd better work our way up."

"How's that?"

"Well, you can call Vijaya over here tomorrow afternoon and get a tape of you and her fucking," she explained. "And then maybe you can use that tape to persuade Priyamani."

"I don't know," he mused. "It might be a little tougher than that. She looks pretty inexperienced and pretty straight."

Shanti thought for a moment and then made the connection. "Hey! There's that friend of hers I don't know her name, but she's fair tall and a Tamil around 24 years age and good-looking and looks a lot wilder than Priyamani!"

"Yeah!" Kamesh said. "I'd forgotten about her. Ajay mentioned her the other night when he was here. Yeah ... she does look a little more corruptible than Priyamani."

"Good! We've got that settled then," Shanti said, ready for some more action. "We'll both nail Vijaya tomorrow and then I'll go to work on that fair Tamil. You think you can spare any for me?" she whispered in his ear.

"Any what?" he laughed.

"You know what, you bastard," she said, grabbing his rested and ready cock. "Are you gonna give me any more of that good jism of yours, or are you gonna waste it all on younger women and housewives?"

"Don't worry, baby, " he said, cupping one of her perfect tits in his hand. "There's plenty ... for everybody!"

The next day Vijaya got a call - "Hey, Vijaya," Kamesh said into the telephone, "are you busy this afternoon?"

"What do you mean?" she asked suspiciously. She had been afraid ever since that crazy day with Shanti at Ratan's place after the afternoon in Kamesh's apartment with Shanti that Kamesh might call. 

She knew that Shanti just might tell Kamesh what had happened and she knew the only thing for her to do was deny it. Whoever told anybody anything about her would just be lying, she decided. If Kamesh approached her about it, she'd just say that Shanti had made up the whole crazy, depraved story. But after the assault the other day – she had lesser such options.

"Well, I just wondered if you could drop by," Kamesh said, trying to keep the voice as innocent sounding as possible.

"How come? Ajay's not here," Vijaya explained, beginning to think maybe this was just an innocent, friendly call after all.

"No, not Ajay ... you," Kamesh said emphatically. "I just want you to come over for a minute to show you something."

Vijaya was really lost now. What could he want? If he was going to try to trick her, she'd just call him a liar to his face and stomp out of there, she decided firmly. "Well ... okay, I guess," she stammered. "I guess I can come by in a little while."

"Don't take too long, Vijaya," Kamesh urged. "See you in a minute!" Kamesh hung up the phone and winked wickedly at Shanti lying beside him on the bed.

"Okay, baby. This is what we'll do," Kamesh explained. "I'm going to put on some clothes so l don't scare the shit out of her the minute she walks in the door." He began pulling on his pants as Shanti listened. 

"And then I'll do all the persuading in the living room when she gets here. You stay in here and you'll be a little surprise for Vijaya once I convince her to take her clothes off and head for the bed."

"Sounds good, lover," Shanti said happily. "Uuummmm! I can't wait to see her in action again. For somebody that's been as frustrated as you say she was, she sure does catch on fire if you treat her right!"

"Just don't forget how to treat her," Kamesh ordered. "I can blackmail her and get her to do anything I want, but I don't want to have to rape her. I want her to be turned-on, too. And that's where I might need your help," he explained as he finished dressing.

"Don't worry," she laughed. "Always glad to lend a helping hand." She punctuated her last remark with a firm squeeze of Kamesh's cock. Even through his pants it excited her. 

"There she is," Shanti cried gleefully as the doorbell chimed.

"Go on, lover. Don't keep the lady waiting!"

Kamesh snatched the "special" tape from on top of the video recorder and hurried to the front door. He opened it to find an obviously ill-at-ease but still sexy and very desirable Vijaya at the door. Images from the tape flashed through Kamesh's mind as he looked at her -- and he could already picture her naked. The lust in his gaze was more obvious than he realized.

"Well ... don't just stare at me ... well ... what did you want?" Vijaya stammered, blushing from the intensity of Kamesh's stare.

"Come m, come in," Kamesh said cheerfully, waving her into the plush living room. "Would you like a drink?"

"I don't know ... I don't think so," Vijaya replied. "What is it that you wanted to see me about?"

"Well, come on in and sit down," Kamesh suggested. "We don't have to talk standing up do we?" He walked over to the big velvet couch and casually dropped the "special" tape into his video console. He motioned toward the couch facing the oversize projection screen and Vijaya reluctantly walked over and sat down.

"What is it you want to talk to me about?" Vijaya asked again, suddenly remembering the rude remarks Kamesh had made the last time she ... no ... the last time she and Ajay were here. This is the same place where Shanti and I first got together with each other, she realized with an uncontrollable shudder.

"Something wrong?" Kamesh asked, wondering if Vijaya had any idea what he was getting ready to spring on her.

"No," she said angrily. "I hope you're not going to insult me again," she snapped, her nose in the air.

"What do you mean?" Kamesh asked with mock innocence.

"You know ... you know damn well what I mean," she said. "I hope you're not going to make anymore improper remarks about me and any of your ... your damn video stuff!"

"Well, that is what I wanted to talk to you about," Kamesh replied.

"What?"

"Well, you know how you were so turned off about the idea of being video-taped while you were having sex?" Kamesh ventured slyly.

"Yes?" Vijaya responded, more self-righteous than ever.

"Well, I think maybe you went ahead and did it anyway!" he remarked and switched on the video machine, sending a life-size image of Vijaya -- naked and masturbating -- exploding onto the big screen.

"Oh, my God!" Vijaya gasped, clutching her hands to her mouth and staring wide-eyed at the unexpected image. She was too shocked at first to even realize where the tape had come from.

Then as Kamesh turned up the sound, she could hear the sounds of herself reaching a climax, crying and groaning as she pounded her cunt with the dildo. And Shanti appeared on the screen ... grasping Vijaya's tits and then collapsing on top of her ...

"Turn it off ... Kamesh, please ... oh, God ... please, turn it off!"

"Okay, okay," Kamesh said in a soothing voice. "Calm down, relax, I'll turn it off." He reached over and pressed a button, making the screen go blank. "Let's just talk about it a little bit. Okay?"

"Where did you get that?" Vijaya cried, still not realizing her entire escapade with Shanti had been taped.

"That's not the important question," Kamesh replied, enjoying the way the always prim and proper Vijaya was reacting. "The big question is why did you say you wouldn't do it when you really did do it?"

"I ... I don't know what you mean!"

"Why did you let Shanti tape you and her making love?" he asked, delighting in her confusion.

"I didn't ... I didn't know ... I didn't know!"

"But you and Shanti did do it, didn't you? And if you'll do it with her then I suppose you'll do it with me, too," he said softly but firmly and began to walk toward her.
