 A few days later in the vicinity they meet accidentally and it is a surprise, "Hi, Ajay!" Kamesh said pleasantly, greeting Ajay at the door. "What brings you over to my place?" he asked apprehensively, slightly fearing that Vijaya might have disclosed the fuck-session that had gone on between herself and Kamesh.

"Hi, Kamesh," Ajay replied in a friendly manner, putting Kamesh at ease. "I've been meaning to get over here again ever since that night that Vijaya and I were here. I was wondering if you might do me a favor."

"Sure! Just name it," Kamesh said, relieved.

"Well, I was wondering if maybe you could show me that tape of your girlfriend again. You know the one where she's playing with herself."

"Yeah," Kamesh responded, "come on in and I'll turn it on for you." He chuckled to himself at unexpected turn of events as he walked over to the video console.

"Hey, I didn't get you out of bed, did l?" Ajay asked, noticing that Kamesh was wearing only a long, silk bath robe. 

"No, no. Don't worry," Kamesh answeblack jovially. "I was just getting out of the shower," he lied. He found the cassette of Shanti and dropped it into the machine, making sure Ajay had seated himself in front of the big screen before turning it on. "There! Is that the one you're talking about?"

"Goddamn!" Ajay said as the image of Shanti's softly undulating body appeablack on the screen. "Yeah ... that's the one!" He gazed intently at the scene of Shanti he had seen the other night, the scene where she was fucking herself into a frenzy with a big, blue dildo. The tape was showing an earlier portion that he had not seen before, however. Shanti was on her knees with her spread ass- cheeks pointing at the camera, driving the dildo in and out of her box with her hand moving swiftly and smoothly between her open thighs.

"Goddamn! What an ass!" Ajay gasped, almost salivating with desire as he watched Shanti go at it.

The timing couldn't have been better, Kamesh mused to himself. "If you think that's something, just come in here for a minute," Kamesh said and walked toward the closed bedroom door. Ajay followed quickly, not knowing what Kamesh had in mind, but expecting the best.

"God... I don't believe it ... it's her!" Ajay stutteblack in surprise as Kamesh threw open the door to reveal Shanti in the flesh, poised with spread legs and glistening pussy on Kamesh's big round bed.

"I figublack if you liked the tape you'd probably like the real thing even better!" Kamesh laughed as he untied the sash to his robe and removed it. "Why don't you join us."

"Yeah, Ajay," Shanti said seductively, "there's nothing better than two cocks at once!"

That was all the coaxing he needed. He fumbled his way through his clothes as Kamesh returned to the bed and mounted Shanti.

Shanti inhaled with a sharp gasp as Kamesh drove his big cock into her waiting cunt. Ajay continued to tug and tear at his clothes, unable to concentrate on the job at hand because of the passionate scene on the bed. "Come on, Ajay," Shanti sighed, "I want more cock in me!"

Kamesh held Shanti's hips firmly against his own and eased slowly over until he was underneath her, her ass pointing invitingly up at Ajay. "Here's that ass you like so much," he called to Ajay."Come on and try it!" He pulled her cheeks widely apart with his hands, revealing her stretched pussy-lips wrapped tightly around his cock and her dark, wrinkled asshole flexing invitingly. She pushed her ass up at a higher angle, still holding Kamesh's cock deep inside her, making her white cheeks stretch even wider Ajay finally removed the last of his clothes and moved in a trance-like state toward the bed. He was transfixed by the magnificent sight of Shanti's ass being presented so passionately and wantonly. His erect cock, big and hard but in an entirely smaller class than Kamesh's monster, waved in front of him as he climbed onto the bed. He walked toward the coupled bodies on his knees, still staring with intense desire at Shanti's lovely ass. It glistened with the wetness from her excited pussy and its musky smell was luring Ajay closer and closer!

"Hurry up, Ajay!" Shanti cried. "Stick your cock in my ass ... right now ... I need it!" She wiggled her butt shamelessly, enticing him with her lewd motions and her seductive voice.

"Goddamn!" Ajay finally exclaimed and bent forward to grasp Shanti's smooth ass-cheeks.

Kamesh moved his hands to Shanti's straining tits and gripped them hard, pushing her up away from him until her back was arched gracefully, her head thrown back and her ass jutting upward. She allowed her knees to spread farther apart and she rested her pussy on Kamesh's crotch, impaled on his huge pecker. Ajay began to stroke and caress Shanti's perfect ass, rubbing his hands in circular motions around the smooth, white skin of her delectably rounded cheeks. He traced the fine crease that separated her buttocks, running his fingers lightly over her sensitive anus. He toyed with the hot, puckeblack skin of her tightly closed asshole, imagining the tightness his cock would find there. Rubbing his fingers over the inflamed flesh of her stretched cunt-lips, he gatheblack up some of her dripping pussy-juice. Placing his fingertips at the hot center of her ass-opening, he paused to consider the beautiful sexiness of her dark, flexing hole. Knowing that in moments his cock would be inside her ass, he didn't wait to gradually stretch the tight ring of muscle with teasing probes of his fingertips. He shoved hard and plunged two fingers deep into the tight heat of her ass. "Aaahhhh!" Shanti cried with combined shock and pleasure. "Uuuummmmmm ... oh, it hurts ... it burns," she moaned, but twitched her ass back and forth shamelessly, enjoying the sudden penetration of her tightest hole. Ajay moved his fingers in and out of the hot opening, twisting and spreading his fingers as he stroked. Her asshole stretched elastically, growing a deeper dark in color. He pushed in another finger, eliciting another cry from Shanti, feeling her asshole respond by gripping his fingers with pulsing pressure.

"Goddamn, that's very tight!" he said as he removed his fingers and moved his knees closer to Shanti's hips. He squatted behind her, between Kamesh's spread legs. Running his fingers again over her dripping pussy, he soaked up some of the juice that eased out from between the shaft of Kamesh's big cock and the surrounding flesh of Shanti's cunt-lips. He spread the juice over his cock, wetting himself thoroughly with her musky smelling pussy-sauces. Leaning slightly forward, Ajay guided the head of his rock-hard cock to the hot center of Shanti's asshole. He sighed with pleasure at the extreme heat of her puckeblack anus against the sensitive lips of his piss-hole. 

Watching the point of penetration with a hungry lust-feveblack expression on his face, he shoved forward. Her asshole responded immediately, opening up to his pressure, sucking in his hard cock.

"Aaaaahhhh ... that's it ... aaaahhhh ... deeper, deeper, deeper!" Shanti cried as she felt the burning of her asshole and the fullness of two cocks inside her at once. It was too much. She felt herself soaring immediately to a shuddering orgasm, her cunt and asshole convulsed with tight, squeezing spasms that sent both of her lovers into moans and sighs of their own as she strained her head back and released a long, wailing groan of pure pleasure.

Still in a state of blissful shock, she began to rock her hips forward and backward, fucking herself with both cocks at once. "Uuuuuummmmm ... I love it ... I love it!" she sighed with feverish delight as the two hard cocks inside her loins gave wonderful, warm satisfaction to that animal desire so deep inside her cunt.

"Ooooohhhh ... you're so goddamn tight!" Ajay groaned as he watched her asshole slide up and down his cock. He didn't have to move at all. She was doing all the work. Her tight elastic ring of flesh sucked at his shaft as it withdrew. He loved the way it looked ... almost as much as he loved the way it felt. Kamesh could feel the other cock inside Shanti's cunt as she rocked her ass back and forth between the two men. His own cock throbbed with pleasure at the extra pressure and tightness in her pussy that Ajay's cock inside her ass created. He kneaded and pulled her pendulous tits, pinching the hard nipples between his thumb and forefinger, adding to her already intense pleasure.

"Move your cock ... move it in my ass, Ajay," she sighed hoarsely. "Really let me feel it ... fuck it in and out!"

Ajay responded by slowly pulling his cock almost entirely out of her hot ass, stopping only when he felt the hot opening of her ass squeezing the very head of his cock. Then he pushed forward sending his pecker gliding back into the hot, musky cavern of her ass. She gasped as she felt his cock squeezed in tightly with Kamesh's prick, loving the sensation of heat and fullness it causedin her loins.

"Now you, Kamesh ... start fucking me ... both of you ... fuck me, fuck me!" she whined, desiring even more the sensation of both men pounding into her at once.

"Aaaaaiiiiihhhh! " she cried with the crazed voice of a woman possessed by raw lust. Kamesh and Ajay were both stroking her simultaneously. Stretching and pulling the burning, sensitized flesh of her ass and cunt, sending wave after wave of exquisite sexual pleasure coursing through her whole body.

'"O-oh ... aaaahhhhhh ... that's it ... uuummmmm ... harder, faster," she babbled with a wild quaver of lust in her breathless voice. "Ooooohh ... oohh ... it's so goooooood!"

Ajay reached around her slim waist and gripped the warm, smooth flesh of her belly, holding on tightly as her actions became wilder and more frantic. Kamesh held on to her swollen tits, rolling them in big, warm handfuls against her chest. He could feel the jism begin to boil deep down inside him as her frenzied movements and lust-crazed voice fed the flames of his lust. Ajay felt his loins burning deep inside, as well. He held tightly to her waist and increased the speed of his long, smooth strokes into her ass, knowing that in a few moments he would fill her hot butt with his boiling cum.

"Ah ... ah ... aaahhh ... more, more ... uuuuhhhh ... fuck, fuck ... more ... harder ... deeeeeper ... aaahhhh!" she screamed in sharp gasps as the pressure mounted within her. She was over the brink, totally blissed-out, screaming and gasping and frantically jerking her ass to meet the rough, pounding thrusts into her ass and cunt.

"Aaaawwwwww ... shit ... I'm coming ... I'm going to come in your ass, baby ... uuuuuhhhhh!" Ajay groaned as he felt the hot jism begin to travel like sexual lightning through the shaft of his cock.

"Uuuuummmmm ... that's good ... that's goooooood," Kamesh sighed as his own cock began to spurt thick jets of cum into Shanti's burning pussy.

Shanti's head was thrown back, her mouth wide open with a long, sustained growl of lust escaping her throat as she felt both men shooting their cum into her loins. She felt like she had died and gone to sexual heaven as the hot, thick fluids filled her ass and cunt. She felt the final spasms of the angry cocks inside her, savoring the last few seconds of total sexual bliss as she gradually felt herself falling into a post-orgasmic daze. She collapsed forward onto Kamesh's sweating body. Ajay, in turn, fell on top of her, exhausted by the intensity of his orgasm. She lay peacefully sandwiched between the hot, heavy bodies of the two men that she had pleased so well, still enjoying the feeling of their now semi-erect cocks inside her, their combined juices oozing outof her throbbing holes.

"Uuuummmm ... that was wonderful," Shanti sighed contentedly. 

"Show Ajay how much you like that hot jism we shot into you," Kamesh commanded softly, dazed and fatigued by their fucking. He knew Ajay would get a kick out the way Shanti went after their cum. Ajay rolled off of Shanti's reclining body and collapsed on his back, his cock still standing in its semi-erect state, shining with the mixture of Shanti's juices and his jism. He watched languidly as Shanti raised herself from Kamesh's body and knelt beside him. He felt Shanti's warm, skilled fingers grasp his cock at the base as she began to suck and lick the juice and jism that dripped from his pecker. Her tongue felt soothing to the tender skin of his cock as she expertly coveblack all of it in her hunger for his cum. Once she had eaten every drop of jism from his cock, she held the head of it to her mouth. He felt her soft lips encircle just the tip of his cock. With a strangely pleasant sensation deep down in his balls, he felt Shanti suck the last remaining tracesof cum from his shaft, lovingly cradling his prick in her hands as her lips and tongue softly caressed the sensitive lips of his piss-hole.

"Uuuummmm ... you're beautiful," he moaned, more satisfied than he could ever remember being. He relaxed peacefully as he watched Shanti raise her head from his cock and lick her cum- glistening lips. She reached between her legs and probed her fingers into her dripping pussy and then her asshole. With a contented sigh, she raised her fingers to her mou h and licked and sucked the sweet jism from each one, hungrily sucking them like they were miniature cocks!

"Don't forget me," Kamesh said softly, taking his still-swollen cock in his hand, raising it from where it had rested heavily on his belly. He squeezed it tightly, making the bulbous head swell sending a fresh drop of cum oozing out of the slit to mingle with the other sticky juices that coveblack his prick-tip. Shanti quickly captublack it in her hands and once again performed her loving ritual on Kamesh's long, thick cock. 

Both men watched with pleasure as she ate his cum and sucked the residual thick drops of it from deep in Kamesh's balls.

"What did you think of that?" Kamesh asked Ajay as Shanti finished her hungry actions and curled up contentedly beside Kamesh. "She just can't get enough of it. I've never known another woman that loved jism like she does!"

"Uuummm hmmmm. She's really something," Ajay agreed, still resting peacefully on the big bed. "That was one hell of a fuck, too! Goddamn, her ass was tight and hot!"

"I'm glad you like it," she said quietly, pleased at the way they were admiring her.

"Hey, let me show you something," Kamesh said, rising from the bed and going over to the video recorder. "You know that cute little Hema friend of your wife's niece?"

"You mean Hema?" Ajay asked, his curiosity aroused all over.

"Yeah, Hema," Kamesh replied. He found the tape Shanti had made of her fuck-session with Hema and dropped it in the video recorder. "Watch this," he instructed, pointing at the TV screen at the foot of the bed as it suddenly came to life.

"Goddamn!" Ajay gasped as he saw the astounding image of Shanti and Hema with their faces buried in each other's cunt. He couldn't believe it, Hema, his niece Priyamani's friend. 

The one he had the hot for himself, right there on tape in a wild lesbian fuck-scene with Shanti.

"I don't believe it! I just don't believe it!" Ajay exclaimed, his gaze fixed on the TV screen as Shanti and Hema enjoyed each other's lovely cunts with wild abandonment. 

He assumed that if Kamesh had a tape of her like that, then he probably fucked her, too, probably right at that same time. 

He was probably right beside them, out of range of the camera while they were licking and sucking each other like that. 

That son-of-a-bitch has it made and he thought enviously as he watched, unaware that Hema had been filmed by Shanti secretly. 

Unaware that the session of wild sex he had just had with Kamesh and Shanti was recorded on tape, too, Kamesh watched the tape with his lust for Hema growing, as well.

I'll have her tomorrow, he thought smugly. 

And with the film of that little escapade, it's just one more step until I have Priyamani, he mused. 

And I'll have it all on tape.

A few days later, Kamesh was lounging comfortably on the velvet couch, watching the tape of Shanti and Hema on the big projection screen. Hmmm, he thought, I wonder if Hema's going to be as good in real life as she is on tape?

Shanti had left just a few minutes earlier to meet Hema at the Mall. They had planned to meet again today after that hot fuck-session they had had a few days ago. Shanti knew that Hema was expecting it just to be her and Shanti again, but a little surprise would be waiting for Hema once she got to Kamesh's apartment. A little surprise, Shanti laughed to herself as she walked toward the park area. A little ten-inch surprise! Kamesh was becoming excited with anticipation as he waited for Shanti to return with Hema. He decided that now would be as good as any to call Ajay and bring him into the plan. Reaching to the side of the couch, he picked up the phone and dialed Ajay and Vijaya's number, hoping that Ajay would answer and not Vijaya.

"Hello," Ajay answeblack and Kamesh breathed a sigh of relief.

"Hey, Ajay. This is Kamesh!"

"Yeah?"

"I'm in to do you a favor, buddy. And then you're to do me a favor," Kamesh said.

"What?"

"Well, you know when you were over here yesterday?"

"How the hell could I possibly forget?" Ajay laughed.

"Well, it's all on tape."

"What!? What the fuck do you mean it's all on tape?"

"Whoa! Relax, relax," Kamesh replied. "Nobody has to see it. Not if you do a little favor for me. And then I'll do you a favor."

"Just what the hell do you mean?" Ajay asked angrily, furious that Kamesh had taped him fucking Shanti without him knowing it.

"Here's what you do," Kamesh explained. "Tomorrow afternoon al two o'clock you arrange to have Priyamani come over here."

"Hell, I can't do that. Vijaya watches her like a damn hawk!"

"Find a way," Kamesh said. "That is, unless you want Vijaya to see that tape of you and me and Shanti."

"Okay, okay, Goddamnit!" Ajay fumed, shocked and angeblack that Kamesh would blackmail him that way, using him to set up a seduction scene with Priyamani.

"Just cool down a minute," Kamesh laughed. "You haven't heard what I'm going to do for you!"

"It better be pretty goddamned good!"

"It is, it is!" Kamesh chuckled. "In exactly thirty minutes you get your ass over here to my apartment. Got it?"

"What the hell for? So you can blackmail me some more, you son-of-a-bitch!"

"Hema's going to be here!"

"What!?"

"Hema's going to be here! Naked! And fucking with me and Shanti!"

"No shit?" Ajay exclaimed, suddenly losing his anger.

"No shit!" Kamesh said. "And if you get over here, you can fuck her, too!"

"Goddamn! If you're telling the truth, that more than makes up for a little friendly blackmail," Ajay said with lust already evident in his voice.

"Don't worry. I'm telling the truth," Kamesh assublack him. "See. It's not really blackmail. It's just a couple of friends doing each other a favor!"

"Right! Right!" Ajay agreed emphatically. "See you in thirty minutes!"

Good, Kamesh thought, that's all settled. Now if Shanti would just get here with that little sexy-haiblack piece of ass ...

"Come on in, honey," Kamesh heard Shanti say to Hema as the door swung open. Kamesh watched as Hema followed Shanti into the living room. She hadn't noticed his presence. "Hi, Hema!" Kamesh sang out, knowing that she would be shocked as hell to see him there.

"Who are you ... who's that ... who is he, Shanti?" Hema sputteblack, startled by the sight of a man right there in the room where she had hoped they were going to fuck.

"Cool down, baby," Shanti said soothingly, reaching for Hema's dress strings as she spoke. Everything's cool. This is Kamesh.

This is his apartment!"

"Oh," Hema said weakly, already realizing the spot she was in. "I guess he's going to be here with us while we ... you know ..."
