 Quite a while now – some where around 2 months and Shanti did not get enough of cock meat, her cunt was swelling every morning and she had to quench the pulsating urge and juice flow using her pussy and anal beads and follow it up with a good hard fierce shower in the bathroom directed on her clit and anal pulses – her anus would ooze secret pungent juices full of sex in them and she would just yield to these secretions completely aware that the 29 year old body needed s strong cock – a big cock pulsating and mesemerizing and this was as of now possible either by fucking the 19 year old Aditya a student in the other wing of the Colony but he was missing of late and she had not seen him for a while now – Sriram had a good prick but she was not keen to solicit that creep of a son in law of the owner of the previous house where they stayed and Riaz –she had lost interest in him and now after fucking Jai – his boss to whom she was offered like a gift by Riaz – Riaz did not hold any power and she lost interest in him automatically – Jai was a short man with a piddle of a cock – and she needed something extraordinary, she needed one which would sustain in her pussy and anus and fuck her for a while – at least an hour, she wanted satiation, the slut had been to many temples of late in white silk saris, salwars and all kinds of Indian attire, her relatives were around and there were festivities – it was a festival season and this was one more occasion to figure out a good prick for her holes. 

She was in the Office when a call put a smile on her – Sneha was on the call name, long time since Sneha had called her and this was not to be missed, Sneha was a whore whose husband was in the Merchant Navy and in the Metro, this babe had enough Armour of cocks who served her at will and wish, she enjoyed young old new fresh and even sexy women. 

She was into gang bangs and at times fucked her men in village environs – among cows buffaloes in the cowsheds – enjoying the rustic atmosphere and smell of the dung and the mass of the ground in the rural surroundings.

"Hi – how do you do – I am fine and wanted to meet up sometime, we haven't spoken in a while now."

Shanti was jealous and equally excited – "I am good, how is the excitement going, is Harish back in town or is my babe enjoying the canes in the fields?"

"I am on two timing at this point of time, Harish is back only in two months from now and having my fill of cocks – one is circumcised dick – semi Indian – Arabic very thick rounded and long and nice to suck and suckle – the balls I mean – the apparatus is kept completely shaven clean and neat and the balls come neatly into your mouth one at a time of course, just love licking and leaving my saliva on them one by one" Sneha was detailing the graphics. 

Shanti was salivating and knew her cunt and ass crevice were collecting sweat juice itching and irritating and creating sensuality of a different kind – she wanted the interracial for herself – how?

"Why are you silent – want to hear escapades with him? Now listen" Sneha started to give her story in graphical detail.

Sometimes you just need a good fucking. It's been way too long since my last one.

The joy of being 32 is I know what I want and I know how to get it. My phone is full of phone numbers of hot, handsome 18-20 year olds. They are always willing to come and feed me their meat.

I've taken most of these young mans on a journey and taught them how to fuck a woman right.

My pussy throbs mercilessly making it impossible to concentrate on even the simplest tasks.

I grab my phone and scroll through the list of names.

Sulaiman is a big strong young man. Not much use for thinking or conversation, but his animal instincts are awesome and he can fuck harder and faster than anyone I have ever met. Now that I have spent some time with him he also knows how to eat pussy very nicely as well. In fact he feasts on it. Sulaiman answers my call.

"Hey how are you Sneha?" his slightly high voice tone gives away his excitement

"Sulaiman get over here, I need a fucking. I want that hard cock to rip into my wet, hot throbbing pussy.' I demand.

'Ok it will take me 15 minutes. Is that ok?'

Sulaiman is always polite unless he is drilling me senseless. He is my Gym Coach and we attracted our body parts there where he fucked me the first time on the side deck inside the Sauna bath chamber while my wing mate from the colony was jogging on the Treadmill inside the Gym. 

"Just get here as soon as you can." I reply.

It's been at least three weeks since I had a good fucking. So I throw off my clothes and lay on my bed. My legs part as I licked two of my fingers and slide them inside my moist hole.

I need to cum. BAD.

I find my clit with my other hand and I feel the inner walls inside my hole tighten as the pleasure rushes through my bud and walls to my brain.

"Oh fuck yes – that's good." I hear myself say.

My fingers work my clit slowly at first rubbing in round small circles and then pulling the hood back just enough to expose my inner clit to the air then rubbing it again making the circles longer and just a bit harder each time.

My ass puckers and I feel my inner wall again tighten at the onset of my first orgasm. My fingers are now sliding in and out of me as my other hand keeps pace and pressure with my clit.

"Yes, yes that's it oh baby. Oh yes that's it."

I play and play again and again until my phone rings. It's Sulaiman. He's out in the front.

"Come in - the doors open I am upstairs in my room. For fuck's sake hurry." I say totally wanting.

He is in the room in a flash. He doesn't care about my sluttish status in fact he knows I can take a good fucking - not like most of the young things he empties into. That's why he comes back.

He undoes his pants as he walks through the door, his shirt gone already. His muscles are bulging; his chest is huge, as is his big, fat 10-inch dick.

My mouth opens instinctively. He knows what to do.

I suck his now hardening cock and run my tongue around and around the head as I finger-fuck myself.

My body arches off the bed lurching for him and his young man's touch. I don't need to wait long. He drives two fingers, and then three deep inside me fiercely finger-fucking. I grab his ass and make him pump his cock into my mouth.

I cum all over his hand - my hips bucking wild to meet his thrusts into me.

"More Sulaiman! More!" I scream.

He slides in another 4 fingers and uses his thumb on my clit and rubs and toys with the inner core of my pleasure. "Yes, yes, aaaaaaaggggggggggrrrrrrr hhhhhh!"

I cum, my body tossing about totally out of control - following his touch as if a command. I am being spread wide and loving every bit of it. Sulaiman grabs my head with his other hand using my hair to pull my face onto his cock as he tries to shove it deep into my throat. 

Deeper and deeper. I lose breath and reality as his other hand grabs my face hard. He fucks my mouth long and hard until he shots his load.

My mouth fills and I suck and swallow his hot Sulaiman juice as best as I can, then lick the last bits out of the eye of his cock.

"Yes Sulaiman that's a good young man." I say as I lick the last remnants of cum from my face.

The good thing about being a woman is I can take whatever he can give me. The good thing about young men is they are ready to go again in just a few minutes - and Sulaiman was ripe as they come. "Ok you are going to fuck your slut from behind just the way I like it. Ok Sulaiman?" My words are orders not requests.

"Yes Sneha." he says as he walks to the base of the bed dragging pillows with him and stands waiting, his cock pulsing in anticipation.

I crawl to the end of the bed. 

Sulaiman has already put three pillows down so I can lie comfortably on them. I close my legs and stick my ass and pussy in the air ready for him to take me. 

This is always my favorite moment except for cum repeatedly. The anticipation of a man standing behind you about to take you from behind does it for me. The thrills spill forth through my whole body and I tremble as the moment comes.

Sulaiman knows this, and he knows to take time to feel my body slowly. He runs his big hands over my butt cheeks, down my legs then back up feeling all my curves. My cunt is churning and I am dry humping the pillows that support me.

"Sulaiman, fuck me!" I yell.

But he just continues to tease. My pussy drips even more. His head and shaft rub along my slit but he doesn't stick it in. My hips thrust more trying to line up the head and the hole but he moves and rubs it on the outer of my ass.

"Please please plea..."

Without notice he grabs my hips and thrusts his cock straight deep inside me - the full length goes all the way in. There is no play now as I am totally controlled by this mammoth beast invading my womanhood. The inner walls of me are trying with all their might to stay in control. And failing.

I try to scream, to call his name but words are just mumbled. I can barely breathe let alone speak as he relentlessly pounds in and out of me. 

I cum again gripping his cock with all my might, which doesn't even put a dent in his rhythm or pace and in truth it just fires him up. He opens his legs wider changing the angle of his invading cock and sending me through another crashing pleasure peak. Again and again over and over he rides me without stopping. My body is soaked in sweat and every one of my nerve endings is alive and exploding. 

My pussy is being pounded into submission.

He slows the pace and I slide my hand between my now open legs and twist and look at Sulaiman. He's all sweaty, his muscles rippling as he slowly slides in and out of me. I look right into his eyes.

"In my ass Sulaiman. Do it, stick it in my ass. You know I want it." I demand

He pulls out of my pussy and guides the head of his cock to the entrance of my ass. Just as I like it, he slowly rubs the head on the entrance allowing me to work my clit over bringing me to the point of orgasm. 

Then he slides in. I feel his cock fill me completely.

Deeper and deeper he slowly goes not stopping until he is all the way to the base of his shaft. I feel every part of my body tighten from my toes to the muscles in my eyelids as my ass grips his meat and my cunt churns uncontrollably.

Sulaiman knows to stay still until he gets my command to move. I start to move slowly, little by little. I gradually start to make the meat inside me, which is now one with me, move. My fingers work harder and harder on my clit. Rubbing it and pulling the hood up high as my butt bucks back now enjoying the full length thrust I am giving myself .

"Are you ready Sulaiman?" I turn my head and ask.

"Yes I am ready, I am so ready. PLEASE!" He yells about to burst.

"Well do it do it good and don't stop until you cum. Do you hear me?" My words are firm.

"Yes I won't I won't stop." He yells again.

With that his hands resume their position on my hips again. He starts to slide in and out of me.

"That's it young man do it."

Faster with every stroke he shoves in to the base then pulls all the way out so just the head is inside me and thrusts back in again. His pace gets quicker and a lot harder. His balls are now smacking into my pussy as he slams inside me.

"Fuck that hole fuck that hole young man ... yessssss oh fuck yes do it!" I scream

I love it. My ass is spread wide. 

My fingers are now just pushing hard on my clit allowing movements and pulls on me to make the movement here. Deeper and harder he pounds "That's it fill it, fill my ass." I command "I will, I'm Cumming I'm Cumming!" he screams "Don't stop!" I scream. "Fill me, make sure you fill me up, shoot inside my ass and fill it up." My words are reflecting my want. 

"I want your hot cum up my ass fill it, fill it ,fill..." I scream.

Words escape me and my body is now totally under his control and goes limp under him as he fucks and fucks my well-punished ass.

"Ooooooohhhhhhhhhh fuck yerrrrrrrr, fuck yeeerrrrrr." Sulaiman screams as load after load of cum spurts deep inside my ass.

I feel his cum warm and thick fill me, as he pumps and pumps until I drain the last bit of cum out of him. Both of us fall limp on the bed his cock still inside me as he lays on my back. Sulaiman stays until he goes soft. He knows what I like.

"We that was nice." I say trying in some way to find my composure.

"Sure was," smiles Sulaiman. 

"But you have to go, you know how it is." I say still drenched in sweat and cum.

"Yes I know," says Sulaiman as he slips his jeans on.

"I might call you soon... if you're a good young man that's is." I say enjoying every bit of my sluttish moment.

Shanti was completely drenched – in an office running 22 degrees on AC – she was wet between her legs in both the holes and the crevice between her boobs. 

"Sneha – Sneha –––––-" she choked. 

"My beloved slut – you want him – will get him – he will ream you – let me tell you and his cock is very hard – very hard"

" I need him and now – today – do you understand Sneha, have not had a hard cock for 3 months and that is a long time for me" Shanti demanded. 

"Ok – come over to my place at 6 pm and we will go over to him at the resort where he is a Gym instructor and we will have him in the First class venue upstairs. 

Sulaiman sat nakedly in his bed, cupping the telephone with one hand while his other hand began to stroke his growing hard-on.

The young man could hardly believe that, on the other end of the phone, his slut, Sneha, was mouthing obscenities into his ear.

"Yeah, I'm having fun right now, Sulu . . . picturing your big cock the way it looked when I watched Dina sucking you off," Sneha continued.

Her voice seemed to falter slightly. Sulaiman strained to listen but now only the sounds of heavy breathing came over the receiver.

"You finger-fucking yourself right now, Sneha?" the young young man asked in disbelief.

"Yessss . . . talk to me, Sulu. Say sexy thing to me while I finger-fuck my hot little pussy," Sneha begged.

Sulaiman grinned only too glad to oblige his creative little slut the bitch Sneha.

"Just imagine that your finger's my big fat cock, Sneha baby, and it's scorching hot and throbbing as I guide it into your hot, wet pussy. Now relax and spread that cunt, spread it wide for the huge, slick slab of cock-meat that's going to plunge right up inside you."

"Oh, God, yesssss, Sulu, I can almost feel it. I can see your cock! It's so gorgeous and big!" the young woman moaned.

Sulaiman's own fantasy began to work overtime. He tried to visualize his beautiful slut finger-fucking herself while he talked to her.

"Oh, Sulaiman!" she squealed suddenly. 

He imagined her finger stroking harder and harder up her cunt as her body grew taut, her pink tongue wetting her lips. He pictured her clit as being huge, and he figured that by now it would be sticking lewdly out of her aroused cunt. He closed his eyes and stroked his cock as he imagined Sneha rubbing her clit with her fast-moving finger as cunt-juice flooded out of her pussy. He pictured her big, creamy tits softly swaying as she teased her hot young body.

"Keep . . . keep talking, Sulaiman! I need it!" she begged.

"My big prick's fucking you hard now, baby. You're so fucking hot, you've coated my cock-pole with your juices. My balls are banging against your cunt-lips, baby, and I'm squeezing your big, swollen tits . . ." He groaned.

"Fuck me harder, Sulu!" Sneha screamed.

Her mind had mesmerized her into thinking that she was actually being fed his cock. 

As he whacked his prick, stroking it from balls to head, he continued to talk lewdly to her.

"Your cunt's hot, baby. It's so hot, it's spraying juice out all over your sheets. My cock's reaming you out. It's sawing against your clit. It's driving up that hot, red cunt-slit of yours so hard it's driving you wild! Your whole body's shaking .. ."

"Ohhh, yesss, Sulaiman! Fuck it to me! Give me cock, cock, cock! Give me cock until it comes out of my mouth! Tear me up! Bite me! Scratch me! Fuck meeee!" she screamed.

Sulaiman jacked harder, turned on by his own words and by his slut's excited response.

"Ohhhhhh!" she yelled.

Then he heard only hard breathing which soon slackened off and eventually became normal. He pounded harder on his cock, coming, watching the pearly cum jerking into the air.

"That was great! A different kind of come!" Sneha murmured, "First time I ever got hot enough to come over the phone!"

Suddenly, Sulaiman heard another womanish voice over the phone in the background, and then a series of excited giggles burst out.

"Who else is there with you, Sneha?" he asked, suddenly growing paranoid.

"It's just my friend, Shanti," Sneha answered. "I didn't want to tell you before . . . but she was finger-fucking herself at the same time I was."

Sulaiman gasped picturing the beautiful little woman, just as sexy and big-tits as her friend Sneha. His cock began to harden again as he imagined the two naked women on the other side of the phone.

"Is she . . . I mean, has she ever fucked?" he asked breathlessly.

"Shanti?" Sneha asked incredulously. "Oh, hell, yes. She is a veteran 29 year old and can give you a taste of your own medicine – vivacious sexy and extremely intelligent in sexual matters."

"Tell her I'd love to show her my cock," he murmured. "Why don't you two women come on over? I'm all alone here this morning and you two horny cunts can do all the cock-worship you like."

He heard the women' excited voices, and their giggles as Sneha told Shanti what he had said.

"It's a date," Sneha finally said into the phone. "We'll be there in less than half an hour."

Sulaiman grinned and hung up the phone. He showered, slipped into a terry cloth robe, and poured three strong whiskey and water drinks to get them all in the right mood, as if they weren't already raring to go! Just then, the doorbell rang. 

Sulaiman gasped when he opened the door. 

Sneha was dressed sexily in a tit-hugging blouse and a white saree and silky attire that came up past her knees, emphasizing the shapeliness of her calves.

Shanti was dressed almost identically.

Sulaiman swallowed hard as he saw the younger woman's tits lunge against her tight-fitting blouse when she shifted her weight.

"Well? Can't we come in?" Sneha asked and both women giggled as Sulaiman stood aside to let them in.

As they eased past him, Sulaiman smelled the heady fragrance of aroused pussy, and he wondered if the two women had sucked each other off before coming to his house.

The three Adults sat down on Sulaiman's bed and sipped their strong drinks. 

While Shanti stroked one leg against the other in a gentle, sensuous movement, Sneha lightly fingered her own big nips. Before they knew it, the three Adults had started on their third drink, and they were all growing hornier and hotter by the second.

"I've got the biggest hard-on under this robe you can imagine, women - just to please you," Sulaiman muttered, his eyes sweeping over the exciting female flesh before him.

Sneha giggled. "Hell, we're all here for the same thing. What are we waiting for?"

While Sneha began to suck her slut's cock in long, juicy sweeps, fingering his hairy balls at the same time, Sulaiman watched Shanti undress just beyond the foot of the bed. 

Sneha and Sulaiman had already stripped naked.

The younger woman was actually deliberately doing a teasing strip, and she sure knew just how to turn the young man on. 

First, she removed the blue ribbon from her dark hair, and sprayed her hair out with her fingers. 

Then, one by one, with her long, sensuous fingers, she unbuttoned the pearl buttons of her sheer blouse before she slowly removed it. Her mouth-watering tits were held in place by a string bra of white nylon with peek-a-boo windows in front, through which her large nips protruded. 
