 Shanti continued to milk the relationship with Mike but was totally unaware of the plans he was building – and she was not only unaware but also unprepared for the additional pleasure he would soon mount on her – anyways their alliance of sordid kind continued and he fucked her regularly after that but he could not forget that one incident of pleasure with the Tamil slut. 

On the one particular day that he remembered so well, both of them had spent the day together. First attending the New Year party on the 1st Jan at the Complex and then after lunch, they all went down to the beach for a break, Chennai weather was sultry and warm and it seemed forever before Mike and Shanti could slip away unnoticed from the crowd of their screaming Colony members, but they finally had, and ran off giggling into the garden to their very own pavilion of heaven. 

They said nothing until they reached the resort Mike had booked for the fuck and then as Shanti stood breathless in the doorway, Mike had thrown himself down on the couch which hwas built into one corner of the suite. 

"Come on over here," he said, patting the cushion beside him. Shanti moved to her young boyfriend and looked down on him. 

"You know, if I didn't love you so much, I'd be afraid to be here alone with you." She smiled gently and let him draw her down on the couch. 

She kissed him passionately, and he felt his cock stir unbelievably at her tantalizing closeness. He reached a hand around behind her, pulled her light blouse from her loosely fitting saree, and teased a hand along the ridge of her spine.

"Mike, we shouldn't, not now!" she cried, breaking off her kiss and attempting to pull away from him. 

"What do you mean, we shouldn't. We've fucked before," he said, refusing to release his strong grip on her voluptuous young body. 

"Someone may come and find us," she answered. 

"There will be no one coming, I know. But of course, if you don't want me to . . ." He sneaked his hand further up her back, caressing her seductively. He brought his other hand up and rubbed her bra clad tittles sensuously through the light blouse. 

He drew her to him and buried a teasing kiss on her soft neck and under her chin. "You know I want us to fuck as much as you do, and you are right, this is the first time we have been alone in weeks."

Shanti laughed, as he continued his maddening caresses.

Shanti threw her weight against him, pushing him down under her onto the couch, covering him with her slender body. She laughed, and worked her hand up between their bodies to his crotch and began kneading his semi-aroused prick forcefully. 

"Okay, my stud," she whispered huskily in his ear. 

"How do you like that?" Mike laughed a throaty laugh, and rolled her off him and onto the floor of the beach pavilion, his swelling cock already pressing painfully against his tight pants. 

Then he slid his hand up under her skirt and along the soft, warm flesh of her inner thigh, and Shanti giggled, no longer trying to stop him. With thumb and forefinger thrust under the narrow crotch band of her panties, he slowly spread apart the soft, hair-lined lips of her wetly glistening pussy. Shanti lay back holding her breath, offering no more than token resistance to his hands coursing over her voluptuous body. 

The exquisite feeling of air rushing over the bud of her clit rippled through her now jellylike muscles and out into the nipples of her excitedly throbbing tits, and her thighs relaxed and parted loosely as she rolled toward her lover with a low surrendering moan. Her hand moved across his pants, opened his fly, and clasped his heavily throbbing cock. 

Then her fingers, of their own volition, pushed his shorts aside and brought the huge shaft out of its prison, out until it stood up menacingly and erect, her small fingers wrapping themselves lovingly around it. "Oooooohhh, that's it, Shanti," Mike grunted. 

He undid his belt and top trouser button, and allowed her to slide his pants down, and then his shorts, and now he was lying naked on the pavilion floor. 

She stroked and caressed his hotly throbbing cock, manipulating the long foreskin up and down over the pulsing head, then she slid her hand down his long shaft to its base and then below to reverently cup and squeeze his cum-filled balls, holding them with inherent affection, then trailing back up to pinch at his prick with tiny, nipping pressures. 

Her hips ground of their own volition down against the pavilion floor and she heard her own purring, animal-like sounds emitting softly from between her teeth. 

Then, suddenly, a picture of herself moaning under the manipulations of her beloved Mike crashed into her thoughts, and she paused, disconcerted by this vision. "Oh, sweetheart . . . it's good!" Mike moaned. 

Shanti resumed her caressing of his magnificent cock and she was pleased that finally she could make herself and Mike happy in this manner. She asked herself wildly how she could be so sexually aroused in so short a time. It must be because she had waited so long for this. 

She tried to sort out her confusion, but then her thoughts were drawn irresistibly back to the feel of Mike's huge, jerking cock, swelling unbelievably now under her fascinated gaze. 

She couldn't believe it, and yet it was true. She couldn't keep from touching his incredibly massive shaft and thrilling to the knowledge that soon it would be fucking into her cunt. What's happening to me, she thought suddenly. I should not be doing this. But I can't stop myself . . . I want to touch his cock! Even now! I have to touch it . . . ooooooh, God! I have to! Mike lay on his back, not touching her now, luxuriating in the submission that had fully overtaken her. 

She was kissing his neck, his cheek, his ears and eyes and lips, her hot, wet little tongue licking at him wildly, not knowing or caring any longer what spell had come over her, her glazed mind filled only with the sight of his hugely throbbing cock. Shanti stood up from the floor, not caring that the obscenely gleaming eyes of the man she would soon marry were on her. 

She stepped out of her skirt and pulled off her skimpy blouse, and then continued as if prodded by some unseen force. Her sensuously throbbing tits seemed to beg for touching. 

She paused and smoothed her hands carefully over them, touching her ruby brown nipples in guarded wonderment. Oh God, that felt so good! 

Shanti took a deep breath, and then rolled down her flimsy wet panties and allowed her hands to slowly travel back up her long slim legs and thighs and touch delicately at the lining of her soft-edged pussy. 

Mike was mesmerized as always with the breathtaking loveliness of the young slut. Her sleek, firm body was an entrancing combination of swelling tits and thighs, and he gaped at the golden-colored silken curls that she was exploring gently with her fingers now at the junction of her slightly spread thighs. 

The thin, brown hair-lined slit running the full length of her nakedly displayed pussy caused his mouth to water, and his tongue licked his lips with anticipation. 

"Get down by my prick," Mike ordered, confident now of the aroused young Tamil harlot's willingness to do anything he said, watching her softly trembling tits dance alluringly and her voluptuously rounded ass cheeks sway obscenely as she crawled on all fours to his command, her beautiful long Tamil harlot curls pouring down over her shoulders. 

"Lick my cock, Shanti. Put my cock in your mouth and suck it, suck it . . . suck it . . .split my balls and suckle them" he commanded.

Even though she thought that this was not right, she loved Mike so much that she would do anything to please him. She had even let Mike screw her before they were married, a thing that her parents would not approve of, but she loved him so that it did not matter. 

Shanti finally found solace for the 3 month exile from sexual contact and did not lose a minute to enjoy herself – her sexual needs were urgent and they had to be fulfilled, she was for a normal human in her neighborhood a religious god fearing celibate but her needs of the carnal kinds, she needed an outlet and here to quench the same finally, she lavished Mike's quivering shaft with her warm, wet tongue, brushing and grazing it along its wide underside to its hardened cockhead, washing, playing, kissing with long hungry strokes, then back down to its base and to the dark pubic hair and then lower, down around the distended lust-swollen sac of his balls, hot from his boiling cum. 

Her first taste of her lover's swollen prick instigated wild tremors of delight in her voluptuous young body, and she uncontrollably balanced herself on one arm while she reached back with her other and slowly, tenderly felt her tits and nipples, belly and thighs. 

Mmmmmmmm . . . Shanti was growing wild with frenzy, her belly and cunt churning now with a spasm need that she had never dreamed existed and which was driving her to the point of a mind-bending cum. God . . . she loved this! 

Finally but slowly and now she dealt with her desire – the desire to eat the scrotum of Mike and quickly she trailed her tongue back over Mike's balls and along the heavy shaft to its throbbing head, and with a tiny groan, slipped her lips wetly down over it. God! She wanted to suck his lewd cum-juice far into her throat and belly! 

Shanti began to suck and lick in earnest now, and though a small shudder of resistance at what she had allowed herself to do passed through her momentarily, she realized that she loved the taste of Mike's cock. 

She felt the short, wiry hair of his loins against her chin and lips, his balls sweeping against her, and as greater sensations of abandoned ecstasy grew to burn her pussy still hotter, nothing mattered but the sweet agony of the lewd desires which began to ripple through her naked flesh. 

Shanti didn't hear the steps walking up to the room in the suite, she was not even aware that the main door had been deliberately left open, and didn't notice the figure which slipped quickly inside to stare down at them. 

But Mike opened his eyes to discover his older friend standing in fascination as he watched Shanti's naked form crouched salaciously over the huge, rock-hard cock reaching up into her wetly caverned mouth. He grinned lewdly, and came over to where she strained and pumped to milk her lover's painfully aching balls of their hotly building juice and in doing so quench the raging fire of lust consuming her insides. 

The sight of Mike's heavily pulsing cock buried deep between the lips of the slut's widely oval lips increased his obscenely aroused fascination, and he hissed out his breath as he saw her take her hand, which she had been running over her own body, and use it to massage the soft resilient skin of Mike's balls, then tantalizingly stroke the base of his shaft as she continued to suck rhythmically up and down. 

Mike looked up to see his friend Shantanu right above them, and read the unmistakable lust written all over his face. 

Shanti's so hot now, she won't mind if somebody else joins in, he thought. He looked at Shantanu and nodded to him. He laughed as he saw the expression of surprise, and then, uncontrollable lust crease the face of his friend. 

"Come on, join in," he laughed. Shanti drew her mouth away from Mike's cock long enough to see who stood above her, but then Mike turned her head back around. 

"Suck, Shanti, keep sucking me. My friend is just going to make things a little bit better for you!" 

Shanti's mind reeled at first in disbelief, and yet she sensed a quick shock of excitement course through her unprotected loins at the same time. Could it be possible that she could want Mike's friend at the same time as Mike? 

My God, what was happening to her! Quickly Shantanu shed his clothes and then stood with his long jutting cock throbbing out in front of him. He grabbed Shanti's flailing brown ass cheeks and leaned down over her back, thrusting his cock roughly up against the nakedly defenseless crevice of her smoothly curved ass cheeks. 

The narrowly expanded cunt slit was visibly throbbing with its lips parted anxiously, its wet brown red pink lips held together by the squirming of her thighs up against his hungry loins. Shanti could not see the face hovering over her ass, but her passion-filled mind was aware of Shantanu behind her, aware of what he wanted to do to her while she was so desperately sucking Mike's prick. 

She felt the full length of her nakedly spread pussy pulsing anxiously. 

What she was allowing to be done to her was the absolute opposite of everything she had stood for, everything she had believed in being!

Fucking Mike was one thing, but letting Shantanu fuck her at the same time that she was sucking Mike was wrong. But she had to have the two hardened male cocks fucking into her at the same time.

She had to . . . but it was so depraved! Shanti flexed her aching cunt muscles together in a last attempt to evade the dual ravishment, but neither that nor her mental denials of her sanity helped to ward off the lust-incited Shantanu Narain. 

Her brain was a maze of distorted thoughts, and she couldn't apply what thinking capacities she had to anything but what was being shoved up into her pussy -Shantanu's hugely invading prick. The throb of her hot, juicy pussy walls seemed to incite his large, alien cock even more, and it plowed its way deeper into her vainly resisting cunt hole. 

She felt the walls of her cringing pussy clasp around it and she sensed it's every fleshy ridge as it filled her cunt. 

Oh God, this wasn't right! Her mind kept repeating over and over, but she knew it was, and the pungent odors of Mike's dick slithering lewdly in and out of her tightly oval lips stung her flared nostrils and she began to insanely run her tongue faster over his pumping shaft and bulging head. 

She might be sick, she thought crazily, but she didn't want this to stop. Her cock-stretched cunt contracted involuntarily as the lascivious thought raced out of control through her lust-fogged mind. 

Then Shantanu drew the slut harder to his loins by grasping her hips with his clawing fingers and jerking her backward. He felt her wet slippery cunt hole flower open more to receive his huge pole to greater and greater depths. 

The cords on her neck and her lips around Mike's cock were hard and tense as she writhed beneath the two monstrous pricks which skewered her naked young body cruelly between them. 

"Oooooooooohhhhhhh," she mewled, her mouth still taut around Mike's relentlessly screwing cock. "Ohhhh, yes . . . yes . . ." Her words were muffled and indistinct, but deeply felt, for all control of her body was gone.

"Beg me to cunt in your mouth, Shanti," Mike said, continuing to fuck his shaft into her wetly quivering throat. "Ohhhhh, yes, fuck me! Fuck your cock in my cunt, Shantanu and yes, darling Mike, cum in my mouth!" she groaned, the thought of her own lips spewing out those lewd desires sending new lascivious thrills reeling through her. 

Shanti was hopelessly impaled between Shantanu's hard-driving cock in her pussy and Mike's cock shoved tightly up into her mouth, and now, moaning and mewling between them, she began to twist and squirm wantonly under the double ravishment and thrust up against both men more urgently. 

Her small white teeth nibbled her lover's prick as it surged with increasing tempo into her hungrily sucking mouth, and she clenched her thighs in a warm milking action against the pillaging cock methodically screwing her hungrily gripping cunt hole. 

The ecstasy of the moment rose within Shanti as she tried to suck with the massive pole fucking her from behind, and as it slammed harder and harder into her cunt, the lust-hardened shaft caressing the smooth wet walls of her pussy, the blunt tip would batter her sensitive cervix and pummel it hard. 

The pavilion was lighting up in strange colors for the slut, blinding and flashing and mingling with the electrifying shocks that were shooting through her body to the seeming depths of her very being. Mike felt the softness of her tongue swirling around the apex of his cock and flicking magically all around his shaft, and he flexed his ass, watching the slut's Tamil harlot head bob lewdly up and down as she worked her mouth around his fucking prick. 

It was a fantastic sight, he thought, watching it, though he wondered why she didn't choke. Great whorls of lust-impassioned heat were building deep in his cum-swollen balls and he could see tiny rivulets of perspiration rolling in thin droplets from Shanti's firm, white-skinned body, as she bucked between him and his friend like a bitch in heat.

Suddenly Shantanu groaned aloud and wailed, "Fuck harder! Fuck back, Shanti, I'm about ready to blow my balls! Ohh . . . fuck back! Fuck back! God!" Shanti responded immediately, wallowing obscenely in her pleasurable but debasing subjugation, raising her hotly quivering ass cheeks up against the man's thickly expanding cock, driving it back inside her, deep up into her naked belly, sending vibrations of lewd delight coursing through her laboring young body. 

She was completely helpless to stop herself, and she knew it. 

She was punishing herself, openly feeling she deserved this painful fucking, for her loins were on fire more than ever, and she was forced to feed her seething hunger with all of the abandonment of a common whore. She deserved this, deserved this! And anything else they cared to do! 

"Aaaaaaaoooooohhhhh!" Mike screamed at her, and in a wild, maniacal need for fulfillment, Shanti sucked his hugely throbbing dick like a wanton whore, and the hotly pummeling instrument disappeared into a strange, lengthening fusion with her face as Mike fucked with hollowing ass cheeks, sinking his cock far into the slut's mouth until his wiry pubic hair brushed the tip of her nose. His softly dangling balls danced lewdly, slapping in unison with his pounding thrusts hard against her upraised chin. 

Then, his cum rolling out of his balls like a thundercloud out of the sky, Mike suddenly jerked his cock from her sucking lips and held the throbbing red shaft in his hands only inches away from her lewdly oval mouth. "Oh, no, Mike . . . please, I want it! I must have it!" pleaded the stricken slut, groaning with the agonizing and overpowering fire of unfulfilled lust fanning out of control in her pulsating cunt, and she tried to pull him to her, her mouth gaping obscenely at his wildly jumping prick. 

But before she could close her widely oval lips over his cock again, it began to spew hot, slippery cum directly into the dark searching cavern of her mouth, and the thick, quick spurts streamed milk-like from the swollen cockhead, filling her waiting mouth to the brim. 

She swallowed voraciously, trying not to lose a drop of the hot, lust-inciting fluid as her throat bobbed up and down, rapidly attempting to keep up with the wildly ejaculating rod. Behind the shamelessly swallowing young slut, Shantanu Narain could feel cum boiling inside his own lust-heated balls as they beat wildly against Shanti's upturned ass cheeks.

He grunted savagely and quickened his stroke, fucking hard and deep until his cock bored far up into the hidden recesses of her quivering womb. "Ooooohhh! Ooooohhh!" Shanti screamed. She wasn't ashamed because she was enjoying it more than she had ever enjoyed fucking before. 

Nothing mattered to her now but the delicious waves of stormy feeling deep in her cunt as Shantanu's thickly swollen dick drove in and out of her hungrily clutching pussy until the blood-engorged head collided with her cervix deep inside with every powerful in-fuck. 

Then suddenly, she shivered beneath him. "Oooooohhh!" she cried "Ooooohhh, yessss, I'm cummmmmiiinnng . . . ooooooohhhh! I'm cuummmmiinnng!" With a deep-throated groan her body stiffened and began vibrating uncontrollably, wet white cum gushing from the throbbing passage and drowning Shantanu's hugely impaling member with its slippery heat. 
