 There she was lying on the bed before me. Her beautiful golden brown tanned body. Her voluptuous full tits jiggled with anticipation of my cock splitting the folds of her pussy and sinking into to the depths of her body. Her pussy was smooth and her lips were tight. Nothing more than a slit in her body for me to finally slide my hard cock into. I had wanted to fuck Leslie since the first day I met her. She was an intern at work and always seemed aloof to me. She never even acted as if she noticed me.

Here eyes were barely open as she looked at me. He long legs were ready to wrap around my body and pull me to her. Her golden blonde hair fell around her face and onto the pillow she was lying on.

She said, "Come on Tony I want you to fuck my pussy."

"I'm sorry," I responded. "I have just been dreaming of this moment for so long and you look so sexy lying there I had to take a moment and relish it."

She smiled at me and said, "Well if your done relishing then get busy and stick that big hunk of meat in my pussy."

I leaned forward and watched as my cock head touched her pussy. I pushed forward and watched as the head slid between her folds and popped inside her very wet and slick pussy. I kept my head down watching and again relishing every sweet inch of my cock disappearing into this vixen.

Finally I was buried inside her and her legs wrapped around me. I felt her heels dig into my ass and she pulled me tight to her. I stopped to again enjoy the feeling of being completely immersed in her. She was using her pussy muscles to massage my cock and she was writhing on the bed stimulating the entire lower region of my body.

It was time for me to give back so I withdrew and then plunged back inside her smooth as silk pussy.

I was ready to shoot my load but fought the urge because I did not want this feeling to ever end. She was now grasping at her big full tits. Her nipples were hard and extended. Her beautiful pink areola was puckered from excitement. She was pinching her nipples causing them to extend even further. 

I leaned forward to help her with her predicament and sucked one of the juicy hard nubs into my mouth. I sucked and licked around it then kissed between her breasts. She squeezed her magnificent globes of flesh together around my face. Her skin smelled so erotic so clean and fresh with just a hint of perfume. I pulled my face from her cleavage, leaned further into her, and kissed her.

I then knew my cock was ready to expel my cum into her sweet pussy. I pulled out of her and kissed her breasts again then her stomach then her naval then I was at the top of her slit. I crawled between her legs and in the candlelight could see her beautiful pussy. The scent of her pussy was intoxicating so I slid my hands under her tight little ass and let my tongue glide along her now gaping open vagina. I licked the inside of her lips and let my tongue glide into her softly caressing the tender skin. My tongue worked its way up to her clit and found it easily. It was hard and I could feel her heartbeat throbbing through it. I flicked it with my tongue.

Leslie moaned.

I let my tongue trace circles around the folds that normally hide the little hard bud.

Leslie squirmed and moaned, "OHHHHH."

I sucked her hard clit into my mouth drawing it even further from its hiding place.

Leslie jerked and moaned, "OOHHHH FUCK YES!"

I sucked and let my flattened tongue rub against it and was rewarded with her sweet tasting juices on my taste buds. I glanced up over Leslie's vulva and her flat stomach to see her pinching and rolling her hard nipples between her fingers.

Leslie moaned, "OHHHH MY GAWD!"

I knew I was doing something right. All I wanted was for her to release her pent up sexual energy all over my tongue and face. 

I again licked the length of her soaking wet pussy and stopped to suck her swollen clit and let my tongue rapidly flitter across it.

Leslie's whole body jerked and she groaned, "OH FUCK! Tony I'm CUMMMING!"

My whole mouth was inundated with her sweet tasting juices. She squirmed and moaned as I held onto her ass and did not let up. She quickly started to breathe very rapidly.

"SON OF A BITCH!" she screamed.

She locked my head between her thighs and squeezed. She was holding my head in place as she rocketed into her second orgasm.

She grabbed my head and pulled me from between her legs. She kept pulling until I was at her face. She kissed my face and lips which was soaked with her juices.

She held my head between her hands, looked me square in the eyes, and said, "Fuck me Tony. Fuck me NOW!"

I scooted back and grabbed her hips. I rolled her over and she quickly fell into position on all fours. I looked down as the candlelight was flickering across her sweet ass. I could see her wet pussy and her puckered rosebud.

I grabbed my cock and guided it to her pussy. I leaned into her and sunk it all the way in.

Leslie moaned and grabbed the pillow to muffle her screams.

"YES...YES...YES...She screamed into the pillow with each thrust of my cock. I looked down again to watch as my shiny slick cock was pumping in and out of her precious tight pussy.

"FUCK ME HARD TONY! CUM IN MY PUSSY!" she yelled.

I quickened my pace and very quickly her tight pussy was milking the cum from my body.

As the hot cum raced from my groin I literally saw stars. I cannot ever remember a time when I had such an intense orgasm. I shot countless loads of cum into Leslie's hot little body.

When I had finished cumming, I pulled out of her and fell on my back on the bed next to her. She laid flat on her stomach. She was trying to catch her breath.

"My gawd Tony that was incredible." She huffed.

+++++++++++++++++++++

I had wanted to fuck Leslie and now that I had, it was incredible. Leslie and I continued the great sex for nearly a year and now she is my wife.

++++++++++++++++++++++++

Leslie and I had been married about six years when the sex slowed dramatically and it was not nearly as exciting as it once was. We had role played, mild S&M, outdoor sex and even a little public sex play to keep things interesting. All of those had become mundane as well.

It's not that either of us had lost our sex appeal or that we had gotten fat and lazy. On the contrary, Leslie now twenty-nine years old if anything had gotten even sexier. Leslie is a five foot ten inch brunette with long legs. Her tits are a beautiful firm and perky thirty-four D. Her ass is tight and sexy smooth. She keeps her luscious tight-lipped pussy cleanly shaven. She gets complimentary looks from guys everywhere we go.

I have stayed in great shape and stand six foot tall.

Leslie had a friend, Amanda. We knew that Amanda and her husband were into swinging to keep their sex life strong. She had been talking to Leslie about it and invited us to one of their get-togethers. The next party was at their house this Saturday night. 

Leslie and I spent the next two days discussing it and were torn between going or not. Saturday afternoon we decided to go. Amanda had told us their was no pressure and we could simply come and meet people. The only thing is that when the party switched gears towards sex then we had to make a decision to go or stay. This way it kept simple voyeurs from hanging around and getting their jollies.

Leslie and I got ready to go. Leslie came out of the bedroom wearing her sexiest outfit. It was one that she wore when we were going out in public to showoff her body. It always got reactions from men and women. It was a very sheer red silk blouse that showed off her tits with a deep cut front and no back to it. She also had on a short white pleated "schoolgirl" skirt that when she bent over nearly showed her ass. She topped it off with a pair of red high-heeled sandals. She looked sexy but you could tell she was very nervous, as was I.

We got in the car and headed to Amanda's house.

She asked, "Do you really want to do this?"

"Are you getting cold feet?" I asked.

"I'm just nervous but also excited." She responded.

"I know what you mean. We can just go and see what is happening. If we decide not to stay then so be it." I added.

"You know if we stay we will be watching each other fuck other people?" she remarked.

"I know." I said.

"Are you alright with watching me fucking other men?" she asked.

"I don't know." I answered.

"I do not want to do anything that will ruin our marriage." She said.

"I don't either. Amanda says that it has done nothing more than make their sex life even better. Maybe it will for us too." I added.

We pulled in front of Amanda and Jim's house and there were several cars already there. I walked around to Leslie's door and opened it. I reached for her hand and helped her out of the car. We walked hand in hand to the door. I rang the doorbell as my stomach was doing flip-flops.

Amanda opened the door.

Smiling she said, "Hi guys come on in."

We stepped into the foyer and Amanda gave each of us a hug and a kiss on the cheek.

"Come on in and meet the gang." She said as she pointed toward the family room.

We walked down a short hall into the dimly lit room. There were four other couples there and Amanda made the introductions.

There was Janie and Paul who appeared to be in their early forties. Both of them were nice looking people. There was Beth and Rick who were in their late twenties like us. Beth was a true knockout and Rick was a big guy with muscles all over his body. We then met Cindy and Rod. They were probably in their mid thirties. Cindy was a blonde and slightly on the chunky side as was Rod. Finally, there was Lynda and Sean. They appeared to be in their late forties. Lynda was a very sexy older lady who had huge breasts and Sean was a salt and pepper haired man who was in excellent shape.

Our host and hostess Amanda and Jim were in their thirties. Amanda was one of those people that the instant you see them you just want to fuck them. She always wore skimpy clothes and had a body that was incredible with long blonde hair and legs that were always tanned and sexy.

Amanda got us a drink and said, "Try to relax and just mingle."

Leslie and I had downed the drinks due to nerves and we each had about five before Amanda stood up and said, "Ok folks it's time to get started."

Leslie squeezed my hand tightly.

Amanda continued, "We have one new couple here tonight and as always we give them the opportunity to bow out gracefully. Leslie and Tony, do you guys want to stay or would you prefer to leave?"

Leslie looked at me and I at her. She had a wild-eyed look and a look of "well?"

I shrugged and she shrugged back then she said, "We'll stay."

There was applause from the room.

Amanda said, "Ok, but you have to follow through with the games we play. No backing out once you have committed to stay. Ok?"

Leslie and I both said, "Ok."

Amanda said, "Tonight we will start with our voyeur party. For the benefit of Leslie and Tony, what happens here is that all of the girls put their name in a hat. We then draw out the lucky girls name and she get in the middle of the room. The guys then all have sex with her. It can be one or all of the guys at a time. Once each guy has cum then we get on with the party and anything goes. No side sex is to take place during the start. It just simply builds the anticipation even more."

Amanda then passed out pieces of paper to each girl and a pen. Leslie shakily wrote her name on the paper and gave it back to Amanda who put it in the hat.

Leslie looked at me and said, "One out of six chance. Surely she wont' draw my name."

I squeezed her hand and said, "Probably not."

Amanda had gathered all of the names and mixed them up. She then lifted the hat above Cindy's head and said, "Cindy draw our lucky winner."

My hand was sweating as Cindy reached in and drew out a piece of paper and handed it to Amanda.

Amanda got a wide-eyed look and said, "Wow, beginners luck. Leslie you are our lucky girl tonight."

I could tell her knees went weak and her breathing immediately became rapid and shallow.

She looked at me with a scared look on her face and then smiled and squeezed my hand. She let loose of my hand and I watched as she walked to the center of the room.

Everyone in the room began disrobing.

Leslie was standing in the middle of the room on a large blue mat like the one they use in wrestling matches. She looked scared and nervous as she watched everyone taking off their clothes.

Soon she and I were the only ones in the room with our clothes on. I glanced around as several of the men were anticipating fucking my wife as they were already sporting hard ons.

Our host Jim started for Leslie. Rick followed him. 

Jim said to Leslie, "Just relax and enjoy. Nobody here is going to do anything to hurt you or anything that you do not want done."

He walked behind her and began rubbing her shoulders to ease her into being touched. Rick got on the floor at her feet and began running his fingers lightly up and down the calves of her sexy legs.

I assume the feeling of having someone touching her body was beginning to cause her to get aroused. Leslie's nipples were hard beneath the fabric of her silky blouse.

Rod then walked onto the mat and began stroking her arm. Paul then joined them on the mat and stroked her other arm.

Sean then joined them and sat at her feet stroking her other leg.

Leslie was beginning to succumb to the pleasure of being attended to so gently. I then noticed that my cock was hard.

Amanda walked to me and said, "Tony, it is much easier if you are there relaxing her and take the first step."

Amada then stood in front of me and began unbuttoning my shirt. She pulled it off my shoulders and then reached for my belt. She unzipped my jeans and pulled them down with my briefs. I kicked off my shoes and Amanda bent down and pulled off my socks. She then pulled my jeans to my ankles and I stepped out of them.

She whispered in my ear, "Go, have fun with your wife, and when you are done come look me up because I want some of your gorgeous cock."

In a daze, I walked onto the mat with all of the other guys rubbing and stroking on Leslie. I walked up to her and kissed her. I then reached for the tie around her neck holding up her blouse. When it came loose, her top fell to her waist and her firm full tits with the extremely hard nipples came into view.

I kissed her again and she reached for my cock. She wrapped her shaking hand around it and began stroking it. The others had been apparently waiting for this signal. Suddenly two hands appeared and began massaging her tits. I also saw her skirt hitting the floor. 

Leslie and I just stood there looking into each other's eyes as she pulled on my cock. 

Hands were now all over her body. As I was looking at her, suddenly her eyes closed and she rolled her head back. I glanced down and one of the guys had his hand on her pussy and was massaging and fingering it.

She then melted to the floor on her knees. I was in front of her and there were four other cocks surrounding her head. She instinctively opened her mouth and sucked my cock in. She began bobbing back and forth on my hard cock as she reached out with her hands, grabbed the cocks on either side of her, and began stroking them.

I looked down and Rick had gone around and crawled under her on his back and was licking and sucking her pussy. She was riding back and forth on his tongue as she sucked my cock and stroked two others. The other two guys were behind her stroking their own hard cocks waiting for their turn.

Leslie then suddenly let loose of my cock with her mouth and turned her head. She was now sucking on Sean's cock. She shifted one hand to stroke me and the other went to Jim behind her and began stroking his cock.

It was a surreal moment looking down at your wife whom you had watched sucking your cock so many times to see her with another man's cock sliding in and out of her tightly stretched red lips. She was moaning on Sean's cock as Rick continued his tongue-lashing of her pussy. I looked down as he sucked her clit into his mouth.

Leslie moaned again, "MMMMMMMM" as her mouth was full of cock.

I felt Rick sliding between my legs so that his cock was lined up with my wife's pussy. I looked down as he grabbed the base of his cock and pointed it at her pussy. Leslie must have felt the cock at her entrance and squatted down on it. 

I was still in a daze as I watched Rick's hard cock slip into my wife.

"MMMMMMMMMM!" she moaned again as his cock filled her tight little pussy. 

Leslie then turned again and sucked Rod's fat cock into her mouth. She kept a hand on me and was stroking me. I'm not sure if it was to make sure I was not left out or if it was to make sure I did not leave her.

She was bobbing up and down on Ricks cock as Paul maneuvered around in front of her. He got on his knees and began massaging her clit as Rick's cock fucked her pussy.

She then let loose of my cock and let Rod's fat cock leave her mouth. She leaned back putting her hands on Rick's thighs. She rolled her head back and Jim placed his cock at her mouth. Rod, Sean and I all began stroking our cocks watching the action.

I could not help to be turned on by the sight of this sexy woman in such a complete state of arousal.

Leslie let Jim's cock fall from her mouth and moaned, "Oh Fuck!"

Her whole body jerked and convulsed as Paul continued rubbing her sensitive clit. 

Rick then moaned and said, "Fuck baby I'm cumming."

Leslie rose off his cock just as he shot his load. He shot his load all over his stomach.

Rick then slid out from under Leslie.

Leslie then got on all fours. She again grabbed my cock and pulled me to my knees. Jim who was behind her wasted no time getting on his knees. She sucked my cock into her mouth at the same time that Jim grabbed his cock and shoved it fully into her. She groaned on my cock at the sudden intrusion.

Sean got under Leslie and began sucking on her nipples as they swung below her body. Jim was pounding into her so hard he was nearly making her gag on my cock forcing more of me into her than she had ever attempted before.

Jim was pumping fast and did not last long. He groaned and I watched as he pulled out of my wife and shot his load onto her lower back and her ass.

With Rick and Jim now out of the way Rod quickly jumped his plump little body behind my wife. He grabbed his fat cock and pointed it toward Leslie's pussy.

Leslie groaned, "OHHHHHH" on my cock as Rod inserted his fat cock into her. Paul got on his knees next to me and Leslie switched to suck his cock. I watched as her lips slid up and down on his cock.

Paul looked at me and said, "Damn Tony you are a lucky man. She can really suck cock."

Leslie then switched back to me and nearly swallowed my cock down her throat. I knew she was horny as hell because she had never sucked me that deep before.

She switched back to Paul as he grabbed her head and was fucking her mouth. He was pulling her head back and forth on his cock as he pumped his hips. He then caused her to gag hard as he held his cock deep in her throat. 

Paul groaned, "OHHHH FUCK BABY!"

His body jerked as he held Leslie's head in place. She gagged again and I saw Paul's cum running from the corners of her mouth.

After he had finished unloading down my wife's throat he released her head and left the mat.

Rod was moaning now with each stroke as he threw his head back. Rod pulled out and shot his load onto her back and ass to mix with Jim's sperm.

When Rod had finished with her, he withdrew and left the mat. 

I pulled my cock from her mouth and got on my back. She crawled up my body until she was over my cock. She reached for it and guided it to her pussy. 

Her pussy was hotter than I have ever felt it. The cum mixture that had been deposited on her back and ass was now running onto my balls and thighs.
