 My lover had brought me to the mountains for a little playtime. His wife was away visiting whoever it was she went and visited with. He had free time, so he thought he'd get away. I didn't mind. I love to travel. Unfortunately, as soon as we settled into the mountains, he got a call and had work to do. Left on my own again. 

I looked out my window and saw the hot tub. It was such a strange sight. All that white snow piled around that round wooden spa, steam rising. Kevin, my lover's driver, was lounging in the steaming water. I looked back over my shoulder. My lover was still behind closed doors. Well, if I couldn't have one, I could have the other. 

A few minutes later, I was walking across the path, my booted feet crunching in the hard packed snow. Kevin was leaning his arms around the edge of the tub, his head back. When he heard me, he looked up. Clutching my fur coat around me, I smiled.

"Mind if I join you, Kevin? It looks so nice and warm."

Kevin looked up at the second story window, looking I think for my lover and his boss. He looked at me again.

"No... sure. If you want to."

I smiled. I slowly stepped up on the step, leaving my boots in the snow. Watching Kevin, I peeled the neck of my fur coat open, gently letting it fall open. Kevin sucked in cold air and then breathed out a hot muffled groin. As my fur coat fell to the snow, I stood on the step naked. The cold air shot across my nipples, making them hard and erect. I shivered and rubbed my hands over my body. Leaning over, I slowly stepped into the tub and slid down under the warm water. 

"Mmmm, that feels so good. Don't you think so, Kevin?"

All Kevin could do was nod his head. I noticed he was trying to stay very close to the wall on his side of the tub. The water swirled around me, so warm and inviting. I loved the cool air on my shoulders and the hot water on the rest of me. I leaned my head back, the action pulling my breasts up and nearly out of the water. My nipples bobbed on the top of the water. Kevin's eyes were locked on my nubs and I felt a tingle of excitement.

We sat for ten minutes, neither of us saying a word. I head the door to the house open and close. I knew my lover was coming outside. I turned, my back to Kevin and smiled. My lover is a handsome man and very commanding. As he approached the tub he saw my fur coat laying in the snow. He stopped and picked it up.

"Since you left this laying around, I assume you don't need it anymore. Should I take it inside for you?"

We both knew if he did, I'd be naked when I walked back. We were both excited by that prospect.

"Stand up, let me see you."

I looked over my shoulder at Kevin and slowly stood up in the tub. The water ran off me, steam flowing off my skin as the warmth met the cold winter air. My nipples felt like ice cubes, hard and tight. 

"Very beautiful. Come here. Stand on your coat."

I stepped out of the tub and stepped onto my fur coat laying in the snow. My lover's hands moved over my hips, stroking my waist. He looked at Kevin and then smiled. His fingers moved down between my legs and without warning, he rammed a finger up inside me. I grabbed his shoulders and moaned. I heard Kevin's breathing get harder.

"You're so wet already. You want to be fucked, don't you? Yes, I know you do. Down on my knees."

As I lowered myself down on my knees in front of him, he undid his belt and pants. Reaching in, he pulled out his already growing cock. His fingers stroked up and down his shaft, rubbing the tip of his cock. Holding it out to me with one hand, he hooked his other hand around my neck and pushed my mouth onto him.

"Suck it."

My lips closed around his cock and he moaned. Sliding my mouth up and down the length of him, I sucked hard and slow, the way he likes it. His hand pushed my head up and down on him, his moans encouraging me. I felt hot instead of cold. I reached up and wrapped my arms around him, hugging him to me. My mouth twisted on his rod, pulling and pushing, sucking harder and harder. Wrapping my lips just around the head of his cock, I sucked the bulbous tip and then pushed down on his shaft again. He moaned and thrust his cock deeper in my mouth.

"Stand up."

I kissed the tip of his cock and then stood. He turned me around to face Kevin, who was stroking his cock under the water, his eyes locked onto me. My lover reached down and grabbed a hand full of snow. He leaned me over, bracing me against the edge of the tub. Spreading my legs, I moaned as I felt him push the handful of cold snow against my hot pussy.

"That should cool you off, you're so hot, you're melting the snow. Your pussy is on fire."

His fingers worked the bitter cold snow over my pussy, rubbing against my lips and clit. I moaned and pushed down on him. He reached down, grabbed another handful of snow and as he pushed it against my mound, his cock rammed deep inside me. I yelled out, moaning for him to fuck me. Kevin's hands were stroking his cock harder and harder as he watched my lover fuck me. My lover's hands gripped my hips, pulling me back against him, the palm of his hand splayed across my abdomen. I tossed my head up and down, pushing back against him as he fucked me harder and harder. His cock was throbbing inside me. My pussy tighten around him and then I moaned as my climax broke. My lover rammed himself into me three more times before I felt his orgasm rip inside me. He pulled out, his cum dripping onto my fur coat and the puddle of snow. 

"Good girl. Kevin, she's all yours. Fuck her hard and make her suck you. She has an amazing mouth."

My lover turned me around, slammed his lips against mine, his tongue pushing inside my mouth. As he walked away, he yelled over his shoulder.

"Don't forget to eat her cunt, Kevin. She loves that."

I stood there, still reeling from being fucked so savagely and loving every minute of it. I looked at Kevin and then stepped up to the tub again. I ran my fingers down between my legs, dipping my fingers into my cum filled pussy. Lifting my wet fingers to my mouth, I sucked them clean, tasting me and my lover. I stepped into the tub and smiled at Kevin.

Kevin's eyes went up and down my body and then he moved towards me. His hands reached up my legs, stroking my thighs. His hands grabbed my ass and then his tongue shot between my legs. I moaned as his tongue lapped at my pussy, licking all that wonderful cum from between my legs. Kevin's tongue pushed deep inside me, licking and diving deep. He pushed me back and I sat on the edge of the tub, my legs spread wide. He was eating my pussy like it was his last meal. My orgasm shook my body. 

Kevin stood up, his face wet from my cum. Dunking his face in the hot water, he came up and rubbed his chin. Slipping down into the water, I reached out and grabbed his hard cock. He was bigger than I thought he'd be. His cock was curved upwards and throbbing. He moaned as I stroked him, my fingers wrapped tight around his shaft and head. I looked up at him and he sat up on the edge of the tub. 

Leaning over, I took his pulsing member in my mouth, sucking his head and then pushing down on his shaft. Kevin moaned and pushed upwards. As I sucked his cock, I reached down and fingered my still throbbing pussy. Kevin was pushing my head down, the water lapping at the edge of the tub, as my mouth bobbed up and down in his lap. I looked up at him, licked his cock and then pushed his thighs down so he slid back into the water.

"Fuck me, Kevin."

I sat on his lap and slowly lowered myself onto his cock. He moaned how tight I was and grabbed my ass. I bounced myself up and down on him, squeezing my pussy around him. His hands lifted me up, pulling his cock out of me and then dropped me back down onto him, impaling my pussy on his rod. I moaned and grabbed his shoulders. Over and over again, he lifted me and then dropped me down. I felt my pussy getting ready to contract again. I moaned for him to fuck me hard. He finally dropped me down and let me stay there. Pushing up, he thrust his cock hard up inside me, over and over again. I moaned as I came, my pussy squeezing him tight. His cock throbbed and then erupted inside me. 

Leaning over, Kevin lifted one my tits to his mouth and sucked it. I moaned and told him to follow me inside. I stepped from the tub, grabbed my coat and threw it over my shoulder. The steam swept off my body as I entered the house. Kevin followed me upstairs to the bedroom. Laying across the bed, naked, was my lover. His cock was hard and his hand was stroking it.

"I knew you'd be up here soon. I want to watch you."

I stopped and dropped the coat. My lover told Kevin to stand behind me. 

"Now, reach around and grab her tits, squeeze her nipples. Ahhh... that's it. Squeeze em tight. You like that don't you?"

Kevin's fingers were massaging my tits, his thumb and finger squeezing my nipples. I looked at my lover and waited for whatever was to come next.

"Get on your knees behind her, Kevin. Open her ass cheeks. Lick her ass. She likes that. Bend her over. Let me see you lick her cunt."

Kevin pushed me over, my breasts hanging down. His hands were spreading my ass. His tongue moved up and down from my ass to my pussy, licking me. I was moaning, needing to be fucked. I looked up at my lover and watched him stroke his cock. He was so big and so hard. Kevin's mouth was covering my pussy, his nose buried in my ass. His fingers were pulling my ass cheeks wide, his tongue drilling me.

"Stand up, Kevin. Push just the tip of your cock into her pussy. That's it. No more than that. Now pull all he way out. Now, back in again."

Kevin did as my lover told him. I moaned as the tip of his cock pushed inside my pussy and then stopped. I tried to push back against him, take all of him, but he wouldn't let me. His cock pushed in and then pulled back out. Over and over again. I wanted to cum but it wasn't enough. I was moaning, begging to be fucked.

"Bring her here, Kevin. Up on the bed."

I stepped up on the bed and knelt. My lover reached out and stroked my nipple and then my pussy. I moaned. I reached out to take his cock and he pushed my hand away. He was smiling.

"Kevin, lift her up on my cock. That's it, lower her gently."

Kevin was holding me above my lover's cock, slowly lowering me onto him. I moaned as he filled me. I started to move, to grind my hips, but my lover stopped me. 

"Get behind her, Kevin. Fuck her ass."

I looked at my lover and then over my shoulder. Double penetration? Oh my god! I leaned over, bracing myself on my lover's shoulders. I felt Kevin push the tip of his hard cock against my ass and I moaned. I'd never had two cocks at once before. As Kevin pushed his cock deep inside my tight ass, he moaned and dug his fingers into my hips. Slowly, he started to pump in and out of me. As he started to move, my lover started to buck up, thrusting his cock inside me. As one pulled back, the other pushed up. I felt like I was riding an incredible seesaw. I moaned, begging them to fuck me harder. I came hard and they kept drilling me.

"Fuck her! Ohhh that's it, fuck her ass.... ohhh fucckkk yeaaa!"

Kevin was moaning as my lover encouraged him to fuck me harder. I felt another orgasm crest and go. I was over the edge. Kevin fucked me harder, drilling my ass. My lover reached up, pulling on my breasts as he fucked me. Kevin moaned and I felt his cock get bigger inside me and then erupt, filling my ass with his cream. He pulled out, collapsing on the bed. 

My lover, turned me over, laying me on my back. Lifting my legs high in the air, he fucked me, ramming his cock deeper and deeper into my pussy. 

"Here it comes baby! Oh fuccckkkk! Here's all my juicy cum!!!"

He grunted and his cock spewed deep inside me. I came again, squeezing his erupting cock. He thrust two more times and then pulled out. Laying beside me on the bed, he pulled me close.

"Next time, maybe you can suck a cock while we fuck you."

More to look forward to.