 Antonia was a fiery woman which is why she was now leaving the police station for the third time in two years. She had beaten up both her boyfriend and his lover and had sent his lover to the hospital with a bit more than superficial wounds.

The Italian judge sentenced her to time served and admonished her to find someone faithful for a change.

Antonia was all woman, curvaceous, fierce in bed, with a fine feel for irony. Her lines sent people into laughter or shock but her best lines produced both.

She was a real estate agent in Milan and was well to do, relatively speaking. In all of Italy real estate was still a man's world.

Her rivals always complained she had gotten difficult customers to sign because she fucked them. 

She never disputed the claims, she knew it brought customers to her.

Her world changed four months later when an Englishman called her to request she find him a place to live within a short subway ride to the British consulate. He had just been assigned there.

Antonia was one of few realtors in town that spoke English expertly and had advertised as such. She had been born in New York City to an Italian family and had moved to Milan as a fourth grader.

She asked the man, his name was Phillip, what he would prefer as a residence and he said something like a pension, a flat in a nice neighborhood but private. He would be living alone so it did not need to be very large.

Antonia lived in one such place and knew there were vacancies but decided to wait until meeting him before suggesting it.

She made an appointment to meet him at the consulate and went the next morning. In his office he described what he wanted. Antonia said there is no such place in Italy then she described her own place but did not tell him it was.

"That sounds much better than I had described. Something like that would be nice. How much would that be per month?"

She told him and that there was a deposit required. The deposit was quite large and made him pause but she said it could be made in two payments and she would cover his initial shortfall. 

The deposit was her fee but she did not mention that so he thought she was doing it out of kindness. She also did not mention she and a friend co-owned the building.

Antonia thought Phillip was a fine looking man but he seemed very formal and had smiled just once. She worried that he didn't like her.

She didn't need to worry, she was Phillips wet dreams woman.

When he stood to see her out she thought, "He would make a good neighbor, quiet and formal."

As he left work that day she was waiting for him and took him to the nearby subway station and rode a train for two stops then led him out. They crossed a small plaza and she unlocked the door to a big fence and they walked into a very private world.

There were living quarters surrounding a smallish courtyard and she led him up the stairs to the second of three stories and opened the door to a unit.

Antonia allowed him to walk in first and watched him look around the rooms and saw it was a lot more than he had expected. She opened a set of doors and he saw it was to a balcony over a street that led to the plaza and he could see into the plaza.

She said, "You have a refrigerator, electric stove, washer and drier. No dish washer. You do have your own water heater although its not very large. You have no other furniture so before you move in you would need to buy a bed. You do have cable and internet connections available."

"I will take it. Where do I sign?"

Antonia had the papers ready and he signed each then wrote her a check for the first months rent and half the fees.

She said, "I will come to your office in the morning with your copy of the signed lease agreement and your key. You may wish to buy a bed during lunch and set delivery for late afternoon and you could spend tomorrow night here."

He thanked her and followed her out. She walked him to the plaza and pointed out the subway entrance.

She asked him, "Where are you staying now?"

"In a hotel near the Duomo."

"Good, stay on the train and get off at the Duomo station. There is a furniture store a block past the MacDonald's that is a block down from the cathedral, they do deliver the same day."

"Thank you, you have been most kind and helpful. Are you not taking the subway?"

"No, one of my favorite restaurants is just over there at the corner of the plaza. I will take advantage and go there for dinner. See you in the morning."

Phillip shook her hands as he again thanked her and left. 

She walked to her office first, it was around the corner from the bistro, and handed the signed documents to her secretary. She made a phone call to the building manager telling her she had found a tenant for the empty unit on the second floor. 

They said they would send someone for the papers and send the key right away. She had the key before her official closing time but stayed a bit longer. She had no one waiting for her at home.

Her girlfriend and business partner who owned a blueprint company two doors down walked in and said, "You look like you need your pussy eaten."

"Are you volunteering?"

"Sure but you should get me drunk first."

"Actually getting drunk seems like a good idea too."

"Let's go to Laniel's."

"A lesbian bar?"

"Safest place to get drunk."

"Lets eat first then go."

Antonia had a hangover when she met Phillip at his office the next morning and handed him the papers and his key.

He did look like she was concerned about her but she calmed him by saying it was just her penance for a long night of drinking with girlfriends.

She did not tell him it was also a long night of pussy licking, at least three women had eaten her pussy none of which was her friend Sofia, she was on the floor holding her hand as her pussy was being eaten too. One woman stayed on Antonia's fabulous tits.

Antonia left his office and took the subway to her office. Along the ride she remembered they got home after three. Sofia was still in Antonia's bed when she left.

Sofia was likely late for work, it was a good thing she owned the company.

When Antonia went to her office she immediately took a nap. Her secretary told those that came in that she was out with a customer and would be back after lunch.

At the end of the day Sofia came to her office and asked her why she had not waken her up that morning.

"I did get you up and you threatened me with my life if I ever did that again. Did you notice you were in my bed when you woke up?"

"Yes, wasn't that where I went to sleep?"

"No, you barely made it to the sofa. Who were those women eating us?"

"No, fucking idea. I have no idea where we were either except on a carpeted floor in an office."

"Right, I think it was the office of one of them but it was not in the club. You were right, I needed that last night."

"Yeah, me too. Hungry?"

"Yeah, I think I can keep food in me. Pasta would be nice as long as it doesn't have tomato sauce. I don't think my tummy can handle that."

"Clams in linguini with garlic butter sauce."

"Yeah."

They went and sat at the bistro and ordered the clams and linguini. As they ate Sofia said. "The man that just walked by looked at you like he knew you. He looked like he hoped you would see him and wave."

"Which way?"

"That way."

"Oh, that was Phillip, a customer. I just found him a place to live in our little piece of heaven."

"Not one of your loud Romeos."

"No, an Englishman that works at the consulate, as safe and quiet as the come."

"Oh, good. He did look nice."

"Yes, he does."

They finished their supper and thought better about some wine so they went home. Antonia saw a furniture store truck parked close to the gate.

Both lived on the third floor, those units were the biggest and theirs overlooked the plaza. Antonia and Sofia had the apartments at opposite corners of the courtyard. They kissed as they separated.

Antonia looked at Phillips apartment and saw men carrying in a table and two chairs. Three guys were walking out when they walked in.

"Phillip will be home tonight," she thought.

Her evening was spent listening to La Traviata as she did her laundry. She was interrupted by Sofia who walked in wearing a man's dress shirt, unbuttoned.

"Kiss my tits please," Sofia said.

Antonia gave each long loving kisses and nibbles before she asked, "What brought this on?"

"The couple across the street from my place. They brought a girl home. The girl is sucking the wife's tits as he masturbates."

"This I have to see." and they walked next door. Antonia was wearing just a t-shirt that did not completely cover her pussy.

The view across the street had changed, the wife was eating the girls pussy as he fucked her.

"Have you ever been in one of those?" Antonia asked.

"Yes, both women positions. The one in the middle is having all the fun."

"The guy seems to be enjoying himself. Oh , he is looking at us."

Both smiled as they gave him thumbs up. He smiled to them as he nodded then went back to his fuck.

"Still want to eat my pussy?" Antonia asked.

Sofia dropped to her knees and began to consume her pussy. Antonia backed up so her butt was supported be the sofa arm. After a nice orgasm she moved to the edge of the sofa and Sofia went back to work on her pussy.

Three orgasms later Sofia quit the pussy and kissed her way up Antonia's body as she lifted her t-shirt off. She wanted Antonia's amazing tits and as she caressed them both allowed contented sighs to escape. Soon Sofia's body was draped over Antonia's and they were in mid dueling clits. Sofia had her orgasm first then after a short pause she gave Antonia hers.

After they regained their senses they saw two women and a man applauding them. They stood, walked to the window and took a bow. Both were naked by then which was OK since their fans were too.

Antonia went home wearing Sofia's dress shirt, they could not find her t-shirt. Her laundry was done. 

As she got ready for bed she decided she should at least kiss Sofia's pussy. She was glad they had scissored and happier to see it worked.

She went to sleep content.

As she left to go to work she glanced at Phillips place even though she knew he would be at work already. She met Sofia at the top of the stairs and they kissed before descending the steps. They held hands as they walked to work.

It was Friday, Sofia had a date and Antonia did not. It was the seventh consecutive Friday that had happened. She decided to go to the same place she had been the previous night for dinner but had linguini with prosciuto and anchovies in olive oil.

As she waited for her dinner Phillip stopped by the window and waved at her. She waved back and waved for him to come in. He did and she invited him to sit with her. The waiter came to him and asked if he needed a menu.

Antonia said "Bring him what I am having, if he doesn't like it I will eat that too.

So, did you sleep at home last night?"

"Yes, the place is really quiet and I was so exhausted I was asleep before nine. Are you showing a place in this neighborhood?"

"No, I Iive in this neighborhood. In fact I live in the same building except on the third floor."

"Oh, splendid. I know someone here.

Wow dinner smells amazing."

They had both finished their dinner before she told him what it was.

"I didn't see or taste any anchovies," he said.

"They became part of the sauce. The nutty taste came from the anchovies."

"Very interesting, I now know not to avoid dishes just because anchovies are part of it."

They drank a couple of glasses of wine before she asked him if he was going home.

"Yes, I know of no other place I could go."

"I will show you a place with music if you are interested."

"Yes, please."

He paid for both their dinners and she led them two blocks to another small plaza and down a set of steps from the street into a club. A small band was playing classic rock and several couples were dancing.

Phillip asked, "How did we end up back in London?"

"This place is owned by a Brit. Most people in here are Italian but there are bunch of transplanted Brits here too. It's the one place I thought you should know."

"Ooh, they have Guinness. Would you like a bit?"

"No, thanks. I don't know what you people see in it. That stuff is nasty. White wine would be nice."

After each had their drink they found an unoccupied table and sat. Ten minutes later Antonia yawned. It had caught her by surprise and she did not have time to suppress it.

"I'm sorry this place is boring for you. Or it may be me. I am not an entertaining conversationalist."

That was exactly what Antonia did not want him to think and she said, "No, no. I have had several late nights this week and apparently my body wishes for me to end the streak. Please stay and make friends and enjoy yourself. You deserve this."

"I need to walk you back."

"No, stay, have fun. Go to bed late. That's an order."

She kissed his cheek and left.

She did need to get some sleep and was asleep within seconds of getting in bed. Before she fell asleep she wondered why she had kissed him.

About four hours later she felt someone get in bed with her. It was a naked woman. The woman got behind Antonia and spooned to her body and kissed her neck. Antonia could smell whiskey in her breath.

She went back to sleep.

Sofia joined Antonia in the shower the next morning. 

"An unfulfilled evening I assume?"

"With a capital U. The woman was interested. She kissed me. I played with her tits as I kissed her. We danced. And she left. 

It was too late to seduce another so I got drunk and came home. I felt depressed trying to sleep alone so I came over to be with the only one who loves me."

"Good decision on your part. Let me wash your hair, it smells of cigarettes."

Antonia washed her hair amid many kisses. 

To Antonia Sofia had gone well past being her lesbian friend. They were best friends and loved each other.

After she had rinsed Sofia's hair she turned off the water and they stepped out. They dried each other and wrapped the towel around their heads and headed to the kitchen. They drank coffee and ate bread with garlic butter as Antonia described her evening with Phillip.

"That was nice of you to take him there. He will feel less alone now. Did you consider bringing him up here?"

"No, he is to much of a Brit for me. I would keep him company at dinner if he asked."

"That would be a nice step for you. Feel like having your pussy eaten?"

"No."

Antonia sat Sofia on the table directly in front of her and began to kiss her pussy. She liked that so she began to lick Sofia's pussy lips. She liked that and loved Sofia's reaction so she raised her best friends clitoral hood and slurped her clit between her lips.

Sofia went off like a firecracker and continued to do so until Antonia kissed her way up to her tits then her lips. She could feel Sofia's love in the kisses. She hoped Sofia could feel her love in hers.

Antonia took Sofia back to bed and they cuddled together. Both had felt the final barrier between them fall.

Sofia understood Antonia was not and would not ever be a lesbian. She also understood there were no taboos between them anymore.

Her tears landed on Antonia's cheek. She spent the next few moment kissing them away. They dozed off.

When Antonia awoke she was alone. As she got up she saw the words "I love you" written on her mirror with lipstick.

She smiled, dressed, then went next door to Sofia's. She let herself in and found Sofia masturbating on he couch as the woman across the street did too.

"You are incorrigible," she said to Sofia then kissed her as she pinched a nipple. Sofia as usual went immediately into an orgasm.

"We need to go shopping and get our clothes from the cleaners."

"OK, I will be ready soon."

Both looked across the street and saw the woman softly caressing her pussy, her eyes were closed.

"We need to wait and blow kisses to her."

As soon as the woman opened her eyes they both blew kisses at her and got two kisses back.

"Why haven't you seduced her already?"

"Because I don't want her husband. I think they only play as a couple."

"Wear a sweater, it is cool out there."

They went out and as usual held hands as they did their errands.

In Italy and most of southern Europe girlfriends holding hands was common. Girls kissing girls in public was still rare but seen somewhere most everyday. In their neighborhood the couple kissing was usually Antonia and Sofia.

Most that knew them knew Sofia was a lesbian. Most knew Antonia was not but was having problems finding the right guy. Most who saw them were happy to see them together.

They took the subway to a more commercial area of town and had their nails done. After that they went shopping for sweaters, it was late September.

They took the subway back to their neighborhood to pick up their clothes from the cleaners.

Both kissed the clerk there, both liked her and were showing her that. Neither knew if the girl was lesbian or not.

As they climbed the stairs back to their homes they saw Phillip walk out of his place and waved at him. He waved back and continued descending the stairs.

At Sofia's they opened the doors to her balcony and saw him walking towards the subway station.

"Does he work on Saturday?"

"I don't think so but he could have been called in I guess."

"He is fine looking."

"Yes he is. But no and keep those thoughts out of your head. Your last suggestion got me thrown in jail."

"I never expected you to fall for him. I expected you to fuck him two or three times then move on. You would have no trouble moving on after this one."

Antonia did not answer, Sofia was making too much sense, as usual.

Sofia did not pursue that conversation, she knew Antonia was considering it.

As they went past the other window they saw the lady across the street was having her pussy eaten by her visitor from the previous night. Antonia embraced Sofia from behind and they watched.

The neighbor had her cum and they exchanged places.

"The husband is not home," Antonia commented.

"Interesting," was all Sofia said.

Antonia kissed her neck then got her shopping bag and her clean clothes and went home.

She put everything away then half an hour later went to her office, she was available Saturday afternoons until four. There was a couple waiting for her. She wrote down their preferences then had a thought and called the manager of the building across the street, the one the exhibitionists lived in.

There was a unit available and she immediately took them there. They loved it, signed, and wrote her a check. That building manager lived in the building and the couple had their keys that afternoon.

Both kissed her cheeks, the wife kissed her lips too. The kiss pleased her but she did not remember the woman.

The couple hurried away to begin the moving process and Antonia went back to her office.

There was a woman waiting, it was the exhibitionist from across the street. Antonia kissed her lips and introduced herself. Her new friend was named Ana and she wondered if Antonia's friend would see her.

"Absolutely, I am going home now, let's surprise her."

They held hands as she walked her to Sofia's. The two just flew into a torrid kiss and as Antonia left them they were rapidly making themselves nude.

As she walked to her place she saw Phillip crossing the courtyard and waved at him. He waved back and said, "Join me for a cup of tea. I think my flat is ready for company."

"I will be down in five minutes," she said.

She went to her bathroom and peed then decided to take off her bra. She wondered if it was that uncomfortable or if she was going to use her tits as bait.

His door was open when she got there so she just walked in. He was taking the kettle off the stove and asked her how many sugars.
