 Stacey squirmed as the woman's finger moved inside her. Stacey pulled hard on the cords tying her to the bed. Twisting her feet and body. She must get free, try to get away to survive. It was exhausting, the cords were tight and rubbed on her wrists and ankles. Stacey paused, realising that she wasn't going to get free. She tried again to pull away, using all her strength, but all she was doing was moving the woman's finger in and out of her pussy more. The harder she fought to move away the more the woman moved her finger, stroking her inside thrusting her finger deeper into her tight pussy.

Stacey strained against her bonds and lifted her head to see if she could see the woman. It was too dark to see anything more than a shadowy outline. "Please" Stacey said, "let me go." The woman did not respond to her plea. Stacey whimpered, she was helpless. Stacey lay back, aching all over from fighting to get free. The woman continued her exploration of Stacey's pussy which was beginning to become a little damp. She did not want to become excited by this act but could not help herself.

The woman took her finger out of her and for a second Stacy was hopeful she was leaving till she felt the woman's warm hands on her hips. She started pulling Stacey's panties down, she tried to clench her thighs together but the woman was stronger than Stacey. She pulled the panties down Stacey's legs, to her ankles. Stacey felt the woman's hand on her inner thigh, stroking her, going higher, across her taut stomach, moving slowly, a very light touch. The woman's hand stopped on her breast gently kneading her breast, flicking her nipple through the material of her bra. Stacey felt her nipple tingling, becoming stiff.

The woman sat beside her and Stacey could see her a little more clearly. The woman's face was covered by a mask too, it was a cat's face, her hair was tucked into a ponytail. But Stacey could not tell what colour it was The woman leaned across her, undoing the clasp of her bra at the front revealing Stacey's white firm breasts. The woman moved close to Stacey, lowering her head, kissing her nipple. Stacey stiffened as the woman's warm lips and tongue sucked and licked her nipple.

Stacey felt the cold air on her nipple as the woman stopped sucking and took her mouth away. The woman sat up, rose and shifted her position to further down the bed. Stroking Stacey again, with her fingertips brushing against her inner thigh, Stacey made no move to stop the woman. Lightly she caressed Stacey's thigh, growing bolder and stroking higher. Reaching towards Stacey's moist pussy. Then woman touched her pussy, stroking her inner folds, teasing her with her fingers, touching her so gently Stacey gave a low moan as the woman's finger brushed against her clit. She was very moist now, aroused by the woman's touch. Stacey strained against her restraints but this time she was trying to urge the woman into placing her fingers inside her, to ease the feeling she had, to reach an orgasm.

Just then the door swung open again. The woman did not stop touching Stacey, seeming unconcerned that someone had entered the room. Stacey heard footsteps as the person neared the bed. She looked up, the man had returned, Stacey became frightened again. She didn't want him to touch her. "No, no please let me go." The man placed the blindfold on her again. She could feel the woman's fingers on her pussy, slick with her juices. Stacey tried to turn her head from side to side to dislodge the blindfold and see what was happening but she was unable. 

She felt rough hands on her skin. The man's hands on her breasts, stroking her nipples, tweaking them. Stacey whimpered, was he going to force himself on her? The woman was stroking Stacey's outer pussy lips, sliding her fingers along well lubricated pussy. Slipping two fingers inside her, Stacey moaned, her body betraying her with it's needs. Even though she was repulsed by the man's hands on her body, she was excited by the woman's fingers slipping inside her tight welcoming pussy. Stacey arched her back as the woman forced her fingers deep inside her.

Stacey felt the man's rough hands on her leg. She tried to move again, but was unable to draw her body away from his touch. The woman continued fingering her. She was reaching a peak, waves of tingly ecstasy running thru her body. Just as she was about to cum she felt his hands on her pussy, searching, finding her clit and rubbing it gently in his fingertips. Stacey whimpered, "God no." Frightened at first but quickly becoming even more excited by the thought of two people playing with her pussy. Her arousal heightened by the sensual, erotic feelings she was now experiencing. She knew she should be frightened by these strangers touching her but it felt so good. "God, god, oh god." Stacey couldn't hold back any longer and came against both her captors fingers. 

Stacey felt the hands leave her body, she heard little noises. a zip being undone, a sounds like a light switch. She turned her head, trying to catch more clearly what the man and woman were doing. Kissing sounds? The woman giggling as the man whispered something to her. Stacey felt the bed go down a little as someone sat on it, and then another movement. They were both on the bed with her now. Suddenly the hands were back. 

His still rough, a little cool, hers small and warm, soft on her skin. Stacey moaned as their hands roamed all over her body, liking it when his rough hands, stroked her tender nipples, tweaking them, pinching her, nipping at her with his teeth, he was a little rough but it felt good. The woman's hands touching her, a light feathery teasing touch. Their hands all over body. Stacey opened her spread-eagled legs as wide as she could, pushing against her restraints. Inviting them to touch her, stroke her. Cumming again when they did. 

Stacey panicked a little when she felt something very warm, the tip slightly moist on her thigh. He had his prick laying on her thigh. Stacey started to breathe very fast, a little scared, would he force her or was he intending to entice her? He was using his prick to stroke her body, she relaxed, sensing that he was not going to force her or he would have done by now. He rubbed his rigid prick on her stiff nipples. Rubbing the shaft across them, leaving a little trail to show his excitement. The woman's hands still caressed her, seeming to follow in his path. 

Her mouth and hands licking and stroking where he had been. Stacey writhed in arousal, her body on fire with desire, wanting to be screwed and enjoying the thought that she did not know who these strangers were. Slowly he moved lower, rubbing his hard prick on her inner thigh, tantalising her. Moving his dick closer to her pussy brushing the head against her opening, sliding it up between her lips, brushing across her clit, lubricating the head of his prick with her juices. 

Stacey felt him enter her. He was huge, stretching her wide, filling her tight pussy with his throbbing prick. Stacey almost screamed as he forced his large prick further into her velvety midst. The feeling of him inside her, so tight, throbbing, thrusting in and out of her, filling her completely. Stacey felt a familiarity in his prick. She knew who this was! God it was Nick, the bastard! He had planned this all. Sandy must have told him about her fantasy. And now they were fulfilling it. 

Stacey was a little angry about the whole charade but was so excited by what they had been doing with each other that she wanted the experience to continue. To explore each other's bodies and to come again. Stacey stopped thinking feeling her highly aroused body responding to the familiar strokes Nick used. God he was so good, he knew just when to slow a little, to tease and heighten the feelings he created in her. The way he withdrew his prick to rub it on her clit, making her juices flow freely, lubricating her pussy, making it so much easier to slide his large prick in and out of her. She was going to cum again.

"Oh, god, oh god, yes, yes Nick,.yes YES YES " Stacey bucked her hips wildly, feeling one amazing ripple after another till she orgasmed. Nick continued pumping and thrusting his stiff dick in her pussy. He leaned towards Stacey and removed her blindfold. Stacey could see now, blinking at the light above her, shining into her eyes. Then he removed his mask, smiling at Stacey. "Couldn't fool you much longer, babe!" Nick turned his head towards Sandy. Enjoying watching Sandy sucking on Stacey's full tits and fingering herself. 

Sandy stiffened, Nick knew she was ready to come. He pulled out of Stacey knowing that she had come and forced Sandy on to the bed beside Stacey, pulling off her mask and throwing it to the floor. Sandy smiled as she saw Nick's hard prick, covered in Stacey's juices. Nick reached over Sandy and untied Stacy's hands. Raising herself to a sitting position Sandy raised her head and took him in her mouth. Nick closes his eyes as Sandy's small mouth encircled his prick. 

Enjoying the feeling of his prick in her warm enveloping mouth, feeling her sucking hard on his stiff dick. Almost cumming instantly till he felt a warm hand tighten on the base of his dick. "Not yet, Nick." said Stacey."I want more." Nick looked at Stacey, she had untied the cords around her ankles. She was so aroused again that she was panting. "You can watch me with Sandy first." 

Stacey kissed Sandy on the mouth, showering kisses on her lovely naked body and teasing her with her fingertips. Nick stood and watched, his stiff prick dribbling a little at the show before him. Idly he stroked himself pretending it was the girls. Sandy responded to Stacey returning her caresses and taking the lead made Stacey get onto her hands and knees. Sandy kissed, licked and sucked on Stacey's pussy. Stacey squirmed and moaned, pushing herself backward against Sandy's willing tongue, her tongue was almost as good as Nick's, probing, thrusting searching out her clit. Nick moved back on to the bed, placing a finger inside Stacy, then two. She rocking back and forth on Nick's fingers as she neared orgasm. Sandy continued licking and sucking on Stacey's clit as Nick moved his finger inside her. Fingering her fast and hard, the way she liked it. She screamed out as she came. 

Nick pushed Sandy out of the way and thrust his prick into Stacey. She squealed at the intrusion. Nick thrust himself deep into her. Forcing his prick as far as it would go in her tight pussy. "God, Stacey your are so fucking tight." He rammed his prick into her, thrusting hard and fast. 

Stacey began to sob, "Oh yes Nick again, harder, harder, god, yes, oh god oh god yes." As Stacey climaxed on his prick Nick knew he could not hold back much longer. He pulled himself out just as Stacey finished quivering from her orgasm. "Sandy get here." Sandy moved quickly, doing Nick's bidding. He sat on the edge of the bed and Sandy climbed onto his lap. Lowering herself quickly onto his fully erect prick and immediately starting to rock up and down. 

Holding her as close as possible Nick thrust up into her grunting as he did. Stacey watched, fingering herself, thrilling her body as Nick and Sandy screwed in front of her. Sandy sped up the pace and Nick followed, matching her rhythm. Nick put his hands on Sandy's slender waist and lifted her a little as she squeezed her pussy muscles on his prick. Lifting her till her pussy just held the tip of his prick and pulling her down on his rock hard prick. "Christ!" Nick swore. Nick felt the urge building, the pressure rising in his balls. Sandy rode his prick, slow on the up stroke and fast on the down, prolonging her own climax. Nick exploded inside of her just as Sandy in mid orgasm screamed again.

Nick lay back, taking Sandy with him. Stacey crawled beside them, stroking and carressing Nick and Sandy. When both became aware of Stacey they pulled her close. "Happy darlings?" Nick asked them. 

"Oh yes Nick" Sandy answered. 

"Maybe." said Stacey, smiling. 

She was already planning how to play out Sandy's fantasy! But would Nick co operate? How would he take not being in control? Stacey drifted to sleep, exhausted, thinking, imagining how she could manipulate Nick into the situation of being submissive, dominated by two woman, forced to do their bidding. Sandy, playing out her fantasy, being the dominant and Stacey her willing assistant. She would enlist Sandy in her plan, a great way to get the upper hand back on Nick for the way he had treated her. She had enjoyed herself immensely, but she couldn't let him think he was the boss.