 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consentual or reluctant sex.

The #metoo movement is helping to right many wrongs in our society, but it is also making it much more difficult for men and women to interact, especially in flirting or casual pickup situations. But modern technology is always ready to offer a solution to any problem.

This is a story of a reluctant-style gang bang. All characters are over 18 and all actions are completely consensual.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

WARNING! All of my writing is intended for adults over the age of 18 ONLY. Stories may contain strong or even extreme sexual content. All people and events depicted are fictional and any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. Actions, situations, and responses are fictional ONLY and should not be attempted in real life.

If you are under the age or 18 or do not understand the difference between fantasy and reality or if you reside in any state, province, nation, or tribal territory that prohibits the reading of acts depicted in these stories, please stop reading immediately and move to somewhere that exists in the twenty-first century.

Archiving and reposting of this story is permitted, but only if acknowledgment of copyright and statement of limitation of use is included with the article. This story is copyright (c) 2018 by The Technician.

Individual readers may archive and/or print single copies of this story for personal, non-commercial use. Production of multiple copies of this story on paper, disk, or other fixed format is expressly forbidden.

= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =

* * * * * * * * * * * * 

Janet Bryce felt the pendant on her necklace vibrate slightly and she knew that they were near. It still wasn't too late to stop this. All she had to do was press the panic button on her watch or say aloud, "Sisi, cancel." She could also bring everything to a stop by just repeating the word "cancel" four times. But instead she just took a deep breath and kept walking. She could have said, "Sisi yes," but she didn't have to for things to move forward.

There were several commands which the watch would respond to, all of which began with "Sisi." Sisi is actually a girl's name in some African countries, but it is also CC which is short for Completely Consensual, one of the fastest growing apps in the western world.

Sisi technically isn't an app since it operates only on proprietary CC equipment. There is always a watch, slightly smaller in the female version, though some men wear the smaller unit and some women wear the larger one. Then there is the necklace. For women, there is a choice between a pendant style which hangs on a small chain around the neck or a choker style which wraps around the neck with a thin, black or white, elastic band that closes with Velcro in the back. For men the pendant chain is slightly thicker and more masculine. The choker style is also larger with a thicker band. Again, some women wear the men's version, though on a woman, the man's choker pendant looks very much like a dog-- or slave-- collar.

Sisi was an entrepreneurial response to the crisis created by the #metoo movement. Yes, there had been excesses-- on both sides-- for decades, if not centuries, but the crushing weight of so many great men-- and a few great women-- being brought to account for their sexually abusive practices caused a quantum change in the way men approached women... and in the way women approached men. Mostly it was a good change, but there were also some serious negative changes.

Men were afraid to speak to a woman in public. A compliment, intended to perhaps be an opening for conversation, could be misconstrued and posted on social media along with the man's picture and the word "creep," or worse "predator." Men were so afraid of unwarranted retribution that it was to the point that many pretty women were sitting alone in bars and had to buy their own drinks. And many horny women often went home alone or with the girlfriends they came with.

Enter "Completely Consensual." You used your phone or a computer to load your preferences for the night. There was no swipe left or swipe right. You indicated what type of man or woman you were looking for and what kind of sex you desired. Then if someone who met your criteria was near, your pendant buzzed slightly. If they were very near, as in alongside you, your pendant gave a green glow to indicate that things could proceed. It also glowed red if someone who did not meet your criteria was next to you. Both parties could see the other's pendants. There could be no misunderstandings. If either changed their minds upon seeing the other, they could hold a button on their watch while saying, "Sisi, yes," or "Sisi, no," and change the color displayed for that particular person. With Sisi, everything would be Completely Consensual. Some bars were even advertising "Sisi nights" where a watch and pendant were required for admittance.

Janet was wearing the female version of the Sisi watch, but the male version of the collar. On her it did look very much like a slave collar. Janet was not a slave to anyone, but she was a slave to her need for sex. There had been a time when all she had to do was go to a bar and look available. She knew that her drinks for the night would be free and she would be going home with some hunky and virile man. Some evenings, she would even have a quickie... or two... in the back of the bar or the back of a car before settling on her choice for the evening. But recently, men have been avoiding her as they have been avoiding all women. And regardless of how much you paid for it, a vibrator was not the same as a man... or a woman.

She wasn't yet to the point of standing up in a bar and screaming, "I need sex," but she was very close such drastic action when one of her girlfriends showed her Sisi. The pendant and watch were a tad expensive and the monthly service fee was well beyond Janet's budget, but if you agreed to "unmask" your security footage, the devices were much cheaper. And if you agreed to "non-altered" distribution, they were free.

The pendant acted as a body cam. In case something happened, you were secure in knowing that your blind date's face was recorded on Sisi's security servers. Of course, with two body cams recording-- actually four since the watches also recorded-- with four body cams continuously recording, a lot more than faces ended up on Sisi's servers.

If you agreed to have your security footage unmasked, that meant that Sisi could use it, along with AI modification of your face, to create videos which it sold on the net under several different names. There was always two green dots in the bottom corner of the screen indicating that both parties had agreed to the unmasking. If either-- or both-- parties had agreed to non-altered, the green dot would be replaced by a green dash. Green dash videos were, of course, for the premium channels only. And double green dash videos cost even more. Janet was wearing a free pendant and paid nothing for the monthly service.

She had used it twice before, but somehow those two encounters did little to relieve her sexual tensions. Both men had been sweet and handsome and virile and had taken her to orgasm. But she wanted to be fucked senseless, not made love to. She hadn't realized that for her that quickie... or two or three... was a necessary part of a full sexual release. She needed multiple partners.

The Sisi control app was very intuitive. After cancelling several attempts to enter what she wanted, a message appeared on the screen which said, "Janet, are you seeking a gangbang?"

Janet sat staring at that message for almost ten minutes before clicking 'Yes'. The app then asked, "Are you sure?" and Janet again clicked 'yes'.

The app then displayed, "A gangbang means multiple, continuous partners. Are you sure that is what you want?"

Janet did not hesitate this time as she followed the instructions and typed in the word "Yes."

The questions that followed surprised her. Did she want to meet her partners in advance or not?

When she answered 'no' to that question it asked if she wanted the gangbang to be public, semi-public, or private?

She thought for several minutes on that before clicking on semi-public. She felt herself blushing as she confirmed that answer, but she also felt a rush of sexual energy flow through her body.

The next question was, "Do you want this gangbang to be a surprise?" There was an explanation beneath the question which said, "This means that you will not know the exact time or place where this will occur. You can specify a day and a time range of as little as four hours. You will then be told a place to wait, but will be instructed where to go for the encounter only fifteen minutes in advance. You will also receive the vibration notice when your partner(s) are near, at which time you may still cancel."

Janet thought for only a few moments before answering, 'yes'.

The next question was totally unexpected. "Do you want All Males, Mostly Males, Mixed Male and Female, Mostly Female, or All Females."

Janet hadn't thought about that. She had been with other women a couple of times and loved the feel of a woman's tongue, but found that she really needed something inside her, and again, a vibrator or a dildo is still not a man. She clicked All Males, but then stared at the screen for a while and changed that to Mostly Males before confirming her answer.

The final question was "How many?" The choices ran from five to fifteen with a bottom category of "As many as are available."

Janet smiled as she selected the final option and submitted her request.

Now it was Friday night and Janet was walking along a jogging path that wasn't very well lit. It was a little after midnight when she left the bar as instructed. The path actually led from the bar to her apartment, but she had never taken it before because... well because it was a dark, lonely path that wasn't safe for a woman in the middle of the night. But tonight, she didn't want to be safe. She wanted to be fucked senseless. And somehow Sisi knew that this was the perfect place for that to happen.

She felt herself tense slightly as her pendant suddenly began to glow green. In the almost darkness of the path, that dull glow was sufficient to give a greenish cast to the path before her. She continued walking, looking straight ahead. She could feel her panties growing damp between her legs.

There was a slight fear vibration in the muscles of her leg as she took the next step and she wobbled slightly in her heels. Then arms grabbed her from behind and she was dragged off the path into the grass where there was a stone bench in a small clearing. There was also a street light, but it had been disabled by taping a LED headlamp over the light sensor. That would be removed later.

Janet gave a scream of surprise. The group swarming her didn't bother to stifle her scream. The jogging path at this point went past the air conditioning towers for two large office buildings. Not only did the towers hide the path from view, their constant roar hid all sounds that might come from the path. Sisi had picked the perfect spot.

By the time they had dragged her to the bench, Janet had lost her shoes and was barefoot. The crowd of men held her arms wide as someone cut her blouse from her body. They used a very sharp knife to slit it straight up the back and then across her shoulders and down under each arm. In the green glow created by the multiple pendants, she could see the front section fall from her body and float to the ground.

She had worn an old bra and had been slightly concerned that her partner... or partners... might have trouble unhooking it, but the sharp knife also sliced quickly through that. Rough hands pulled it from her body while a deep voice said, "I'll keep that."

Janet had intentionally worn old clothing in case anything was torn or stained, but she had not considered that one of her partners might keep some of it... except for her panties. She assumed that one of the men would keep those. In the past, she had often left her panties at her partner's place.

Her skirt was a black, spandex-type, mini skirt. It would easily slide down her body, but despite that she felt the knife slit it down one side and it fell at her feet. She was now standing against the back of the bench in just her neon yellow thong. It, too, was old, but didn't look it. She didn't have many opportunities to wear it since it showed through almost any outfit she had that wasn't black. Out of curiosity, she glanced down to see what it looked like in the weird, dim green light which surrounded her.

Strangely, it appeared almost white. In the few seconds she was looking down, she also saw the green light reflected off a blade which instantly sliced through the small, flat, strings on the sides of the thong.

Although her legs were spread, the thong did not drop from her body. Her own body fluids, which had been flowing freely since the first hands grabbed her on the path, were sticking the thong to her cunt. She felt a quick tug as someone pulled it from behind. Now she was naked... and extremely turned on.

The two men holding her arms pulled her forward so that she was bent over the back of the bench. She gasped as she felt the tip of a prick slide against her slit, seeking entrance, then she groaned as it centered on her cunt and began to slide inside her. Two hands grasped her hips as the man behind her began thrusting. She could feel him slam against her ass. Soon she was moaning and calling out, "Yes, yes, yes," with each thrust.

She felt him tighten his grip and pull himself against her. There was a slight shudder as he came. Some women talk about feeling a man erupt within them, but Janet never could. Her own juices were so abundant that the sudden addition of a small amount of semen was not really noticeable. She did, however, feel it when he withdrew and another man took his place.

This man was slightly taller... and bigger. He slid easily in place, but he seemed to stretch her just a little more than the previous man. He paused and rubbed his abdomen against her ass in small circles. That motion caused his prick to wobble within her and her moaned "Ahhhh," proclaimed that she liked the sensation. Then he began thrusting.

He wasn't quite as fast as the first man. His thrusts were slow, deep, and deliberate. Janet responded to each movement with a guttural "Yes, yes, yes." as she slowly moved toward her much-needed orgasm. She was almost there when suddenly the man began thrusting very rapidly and shuddered against her as he spurted inside her cunt.

The next man was thinner, but longer... much longer. Janet could feel him bottoming out against her cervix. She had only had one or two partners who were than long. Normally it was an unpleasant sensation, but as high as she was it gave her intense pleasure and her cries of "Yes, yes," became much shriller. She was sure she would go over the top with this man, but she was disappointed. His prick was much longer than his stamina. Maybe hitting the tip of his prick against her cervix on each thrust overstimulated him and made him spurt early. In any case, it was a short ride and another man soon took his place.

This man was average, and for some reason Janet thought, older. His hands felt slightly rough against the skin of her hips and he moved slower and less surely than the other men. He was much taller though, so he was entering her in a slightly downward fashion which put pressure against the front of her cunt. His thrusts were slow, but not as forceful as the other men. Janet was no longer crying "Yes," but she was moaning continuously as he moved in and out of her.

Her cry started getting louder and more shrill. Her legs were starting to vibrate. It was obvious that she was approaching orgasm. Then the man must have stood on tiptoe or something because he suddenly got even taller. His prick dipped even more forward and began massaging the very front of her canal.

Sudden, intense sparks of pleasure flowed through her and she began pushing back against him as hard as she could. Lightning was flashing in her mind. Everything seemed to disappear except the sensations of his prick within her. Then the explosion came. Her whole body shook and she cried out with a long, low moan that slowly rose in volume and pitch until she was practically screaming "Yes! Yes! Oh, God! Oh, God! Oh, God! Yes! Yes! Yes!"

Her orgasm must have triggered his because when she came back to her senses, a different man was rubbing his prick against her slit, trying to line up with her cunt for entry. He slid into her but remained motionless. Another man was standing in front of her. His prick was pointing at her face and he was rubbing the tip against her lips.

Had she agreed to this?

There were questions about oral and anal and multiple. How had she answered those? The choices were "Yes", "No", and "Only After I Orgasm".

She opened her mouth. She had clicked on "Only After I Orgasm" and she most definitely had just experienced a wonderful orgasm.

This was a new sensation for her. She had gone down on men many times, but she had never been spit-fucked where one man was ramming her from the back while another was fucking her mouth. She felt the prick slide over her tongue and started to suck and massage it with her tongue. Then the man behind her started thrusting. He was pulling her back slightly onto his prick and then pushing her forward against the bench. The movement moved her mouth up and down on the front prick while it moved her cunt up and down on his. She decided to relax and just let the men do the work.

She was grunting slightly each time she was pulled onto the back prick and then again as she was pushed forward onto the other prick. It was rapidly driving her toward a second orgasm. It wasn't that it was so much more pleasurable, but there were so many more sensations. And she had to time her breathing to the thrusts of the prick in her mouth. That meant she had to breath in as the man behind her pulled her backwards and thrust into her cunt. That created totally different sensations in her abdomen.

Her grunts were starting to get louder and more shrill. Then the man in front reached under and grabbed her nipples between his thumbs and forefingers. She screamed-- or attempted to-- as he pinched and twisted. He was timing the twists to his thrusts. Each time her mouth moved forward over his prick, he twisted. It was pain, but at this point it was just one more sensation that was driving her higher and higher and higher.

The man behind her pushed against her and started rocking with her. His prick was no longer moving in and out as he moved her up and down the prick in her mouth. Then the man in front pushed hard against her and clamped down on her nipples. She could definitely feel the cum spurting deep into her throat.

The combination of all of the sensations again caused the lightning to flash within her mind. She could feel her body convulsing. Her feet left the ground and she rocked herself on the top of the bench. She wasn't sure how long she rocked and screamed, but when she again knew where she was, her feet were back on the ground and the prick was no longer in her mouth. A different man was also lining up behind her.

For the first time, she heard a voice. The man said softly, "Let's see how you are on the Hershey Highway." He then pulled some of the fluids from her cunt and smeared them between her ass cheeks. One finger went in and she gasped. He moved it slowly in and out a few times before adding a second finger, then a third.

"Don't worry," he said softly, "Old Spike is long, but narrow. You'll do just fine."
