 The crowing rooster as the sun creeps over the horizon brings a stir of life to Vickie. She feels the arms of her man wrapped around her and his hand cupping her breast. She listened to the rhythm of his breathing as she placed her hand on his, she thought how lucky she was to have a man that loved her so much and was willing to put up with her sexual desires like no other would. Vickie was the type of person that took sex as a part of her life and never turned down the chance to try something new.

She wiggled her butt back knowing he had the always present morning wood ready to send that feeling she loved through her body. Oh yes just the touch of a cock sent Vickie into action and this morning would be no different. Just as she felt his cock against her ass she moaned softly as the urge to suck his cock over powered her. She slipped gently out of his arms not wanting to wake him or lose the warmth of the covers she maneuvered around so she was facing her prize. Her fingers opened his pajama bottoms letting his swollen member slip through the opening. Her tongue licked the tip of his cock making circles as it traveled across the broad head of his manhood. His cock twitched as her lips formed around it making her sense he was aware of her actions even though he was still deep in sleep.

Her tiny fingers wrapped around his thick shaft firmly holding it in the right angle for her to swallow him fully. She was going to wake him with his cock planted deep in her throat, she only hoped he would wake just as his orgasm explodes into her hungry mouth. Hum now a hot meal for breakfast is the only way to start the day she thought as her lips traveled down his cock. Her tongue applied pressure to the underside of his cock as her warm breath against his skin made him stir. She licked the entire length of his cock slowly making sure she had it well lubricated before trying to deep throat him. 

With his cock shinning with her saliva she made her move. She felt his cock head touch the back of her throat and slowly she pushed it deeper and deeper until his pubic hair tickled her nose. She moaned softly sending the vibrations through his cock. He moved his hips towards her face and she felt his hand touch her hair. Vickie knew it wouldn't be long before he shot his load so she began sucking harder as her mouth slowly fucked his cock with her mouth. She could taste the pre-cum as it formed on the tip of his cock. Her tongue greedily licked it off, she loved his taste, so sweet to her like candy to a child. 

His hand caressed her head softly telling her he was awake or real close to it so she quickly swallowed his cock again with more urgency than before. Her throat now accustom to his cock allowed her to fuck his cock with her mouth as her hand worked his now tightening balls the sure sign he was close to cumin. 

"Ohh Yes!!" He moaned as his hands gripped the top of her head as it bobbed on his cock.

Ohh God Yessss!!" He moaned louder.

Vickie felt his cock twitch in her mouth as her breakfast was served to her in bed. Her hand pumped his cock as she eagerly slurped up every drop of his offering. 

"Baby you sure know how to wake a man." 

Vickie let his now half limp cock slip from her lips. She licked the tip knowing it drove him crazy after he orgasmed. She peeked up at him with a grin on her face as if saying just wait baby the day is just beginning.

"Mmm Breakfast in bed just like I like it." she said sliding up into his arms and kissing him deeply. Now get your ass up and lets go have some fun today!"

It being Saturday and she wanted to spend the day riding the back roads in his four wheel drive hoping to find something interesting. She jumped out of bed heading towards the shower, she stopped at the bathroom door and turned her head towards him still sprawled in bed.

"If you get up now I might let you fuck me in the shower." she cooed shaking her ass as she winked at him.

With an offer like that how could he resist! Jumping up he headed to the shower to collect on her offer even though he knew before the day was out he would have her many more times in places that most just dream about.

With their bodies ready and a quick bowl of cereal they headed out the door. Vickie dressed in a tank top and cut-off shorts and he in jeans and a tee-shirt. The truck was ready and today was his wish list of things to do even though he knew Vickie would get her way over his. Vickie being the kind of person that you just can't say no to always helped when they were out on these day trips to places that no one ever goes.

The trucks motor fired up rumbling loudly as Jim goosed the accelerator. It lurched as the backed out of the drive and Vickie pointed out the direction she wanted to go. 

"Head for the interstate baby! I want country today as she flipped through the radio stations until she found one playing country music.

"Yee Haw lets ride the back roads and find a farm with cows and shit." he said grinning at her.

"Yeah and farm hands with big cocks!" she chirped in as she reached over grabbing his cock.

Jim was use to seeing her fucked by others, there was no way he could satisfy her lust for sex by his self and he knew it so it was just something he accepted and learned to enjoy. He relaxed as he drove for a couple hours waiting for Vickie to decide which exit to take. 

"Turn here!" she screamed as they almost passed the exit.

He turned the truck hard but made the turn without any trouble. The small road was in need of repair with potholes every where that made him swerve from side to side to miss them. Vickie took this as a chance to cop a feel so she pulled her tank top down allowing him to pinch her nipples as he leaned towards her. She giggled with everyone and poked him in the side afterwards saying keep your hands on the wheel. Vickie pointed to the left.

"Turn down that dirt road, lets see what's down there." she squealed in excitement.

Jim turned and headed down the well used dirt road hitting very bump he could to see Vickie's breast bounce and jiggle. It didn't take her long to figure out what he was doing so she pulled her tank top up and stuck her tongue out at him before breaking into laughter.

"Shit how damn far does this road go I wonder?" he said after a couple miles.

"I bet there is a farm down here some where. I sure hope so I want to milk a cow for some reason." she said laughing

"Milk a cow? Now that I have to see! Milk the farmer maybe." he said rolling his eyes with a big grin on his face.

"Look over there! Cows! Wooohooo, Stop so I can check these critters out!" She screamed

Jim slammed on brakes and Vickie jumped from the truck before it stopped. She crossed the fence easily and walked right up to one of those cows. It looked at her and she looked at it not knowing exactly what to do next. She walked slowly around the animal looking under it for tits to pull but there was none to be seen. Jim sat there laughing while he watched Vickie, he knew it was a bull and not a cow she happened to pick out and was hoping she didn't do anything dumb to make it mad.

"There isn't any tits?" she said looking puzzled.

"That's because it's a bull!" Jim hollered.

"A what?"

"It's a male cow silly. The only milking he gives is what you get from you." He said laughing harder.

"HEY!! Get out of there are you crazy? That bull will kill you!" 

Vickie turned around to see where the voice came from and saw a young man riding a tractor approaching. She waved at him not understanding what he had said and thinking he was just being friendly waving his hands like that. Jim watched as the bull bumped Vickie with his nose, snorted and pawed at the ground. It was pretty obvious he didn't want her that close to him and was ready to do something about it. Vickie not knowing a thing about animals turned and rubbed his neck leaned down and kissed it right on the cheek. The farmer jumped from his tractor and ran towards her as fast as he could, Jim jumped the fence also running towards her fearing the bull would hurt her. Little did they know that Vickie could handle any male in any species and a bull well was a male wasn't it.

The farmer reached Vickie just as she whispered into the bulls ear something that sent it walking towards a whole bunch of other cows. She watched it walk slowly up to one of them before mounting it and sending the biggest cock she had ever seen all the way inside that cow which went almost to her knees and mooooed loudly. 

"That bull would have killed you in a heart beat! What the hell are you doing out here anyway?" the young farmer questioned Vickie.

"That cow wouldn't hurt a flea." Vickie cooed at the young man. Now me on the other hand I could eat you alive." she said running her finger across his bare chest.

"What, what are you doing?"

"I'm just wondering if the rest of you is as lean and hard as your chest is." Vickie cooed as she lowered her hand down towards his crotch. Her eyes fixed oh his as her hand rubbed his cock through his jeans looking for the sign he was ready and willing to please her like the bull was doing the cow.

The young farmer didn't really know what to do so he did nothing, Jim had stopped dead in his tracks knowing Vickie had things well in hand. The farmer stunned by all that was happening but enjoying his cock being massaged just stood there for a few seconds before raising his hand and touching Vickie's bare side, rubbing his hand up and down her side slowly like he was getting the nerve to go farther. She didn't wait until he got brave enough to touch her and in one quick move lowered her tank top and placed his hand dead on her left breast. The bulge in his pants told her all she wanted to know and it was huge, much bigger than she had hoped for from a man his size. 

Now with eager hands the young man began caressing her breast and even seemed to relax a little. Jim on the other hand was standing there with his cock getting hard and nothing to do but pull it out and stroke it, so he did just that!

"God is it as big as it feels through those jeans?" she asked softly as the young boys caresses began to make her tremble in anticipation of what would happen next.

"Take it out and see for yourself." he said with renewed confidence. 

Vickie bent down in front of him hating to lose his touch but wanting his cock in view more. She slowly unbuttoned his jeans and let the zipper slid down, his cock popped out when the zipper opened fully and pointed right at her waiting mouth. Vickie quickly engulfed it and savored the flavor before letting it slip from her mouth. She looked at her prize, a full eight inches of hard cock as thick as her wrist and then looked up at her conquest as if to say can I have it?

"Go ahead, suck it if you want." he said in a low voice that cracked with lust. Suck it she would and like he had never had before, her lips wrapped around the thick cock head and she stroked it with her hand as she inched her way down the shaft of his cock. He moaned louder as she slowly took four inches into her mouth stretching it to the limit. She stroked it faster and faster as she tried to accept more of his cock until it hit her throat and then it was just to large to swallow. The young man pushed her head harder against his cock as she fucked him with her mouth. His moans became louder as she worked on him and she knew he was going to cum soon so she pulled it from her mouth and looked up at the young man.

"Fuck me with that beautiful cock of yours! I want you to fuck me like that!" she said pointing at the bull that had just pulled his giant cock out of the cow letting it sway as he stood next to her.

"Drop those shorts and get down on your knees lady and you'll get exactly what that cow got." he said stroking his cock in front of her face.

Vickie didn't say another word, her shorts went flying across the field and she was on her knees looking back as the young man pointed his cock at her dripping wet pussy. He slipped a finger through her cunt lips and then tasted it as if testing it like a fine wine. His cock rubbed against her swollen lips spreading them apart, teasing her before he plunged his mighty cock deep inside her wetness. Vickie knew what the cow felt like now and she mooed out loud as the young man slammed his cock hard inside her.

"OH GOD!! Fuck me!!" she screamed 

She could hear his balls slapping her ass cheeks as he drove it inside her, she felt like he was tearing her apart with each stroke of his fat cock. He reached around and pinched her nipple as his cock pounded her in a steady rhythm. Beads of sweat dropped from him landing in the pit of her back, she moaned louder as her body began to feel the effects of his cock drilling her like a machine. 

"I'm cumin!" she screamed.

"Not yet! I want to cum with you!" he yelled as he picked the pace up a little faster. "OHHHHHH GOD!!" she screamed "I'm ready! I'm ready!" he screamed as his cock spewed its hot cum deep inside her sweet pussy.

Her muscles contracted around his cock as the spasms of her own orgasm rushed through her body. She clamped down on his cock with everything she had milking him dry of every last drop of his seed. He slowed his strokes down until he collapsed on her back letting his cock slip out of her pussy with a plop. Vickie looke around at him.

"Hi, my names Vickie, what's yours?"

"I'm Charlie, very one calls me Chuck though. Nice to meat you Vickie."

Chuck stood up on weak legs grinning down at Vickie as she licked a drop of cum from his cock before standing up and pointing to Jim who was looking a little flustered after watching his lady get her eyes drilled out by the young stud.

"Awww, I have ignore you haven't I?" Vickie said looking embarrassed.

"Yes but the sight of you being animal fucked was awesome though." he said walking up to the two of them. Hey I'm Jim, think she can handle the two of us?

"Hell yeah!" Vickie chimed in.

"Why don't we go to the barn where we will have some shade from this sun." Chuck suggested.

Off they went Vickie riding with Chuck on the tractor and Jim following in the truck. Vickie enjoyed riding in Chucks lap on the tractor, she could feel his cock growing again as she bounced her sweet little ass on his cock. She nibbled on his ear as she whispered.

"I hope you have a hay loft in that barn."

"We do and its got fresh hay in it too." he said smiling back at her.

"I better call in and tell Kelly we have company." he said bringing a cell phone out of a pouch on the side of the tractor. "Kelly, get down to the barn and bring some blankets, we have company and they want to play." with that he hung up and Vickie was shocked.

"Damn is she that understanding?"

"Hell Vickie you two was cut from the same piece of cloth I think, she knows exactly what to do and will be sitting there ready for Jim when he gets out of the truck. Watch this." he said as he yelled for Jim to go ahead and they would meet him. "The barns straight down the road about half a mile on the right." 

Jim floored the truck thinking maybe Vickie wanted to get another taste of his cock before they reached the barn. As Jim pulled into the yard he saw Kelly entering the barn, she was around five feet six inches tall with a very nice body, blonde hair down to her waist and legs to lick for. He got out of the truck and Kelly stuck her head out of the barn pointing her finger at him. Jim didn't know what was going on but he would follow that finger anywhere. He stepped inside the barn and Kelly stood there in her house dress looking at him, she stepped closer and with one quick move the dress fell to the floor. 

"Oh my god!" Jim said almost under his breath as she stepped out of the crumpled dress.

"Chuck called and told me you was coming." she said as she walked slowly towards Jim. Her breast were perfect, not to big and not to small with turned up nipples that begged for sucking.

Jim just stood there as if watching a star cross the sky. Kelly stood before him with a gleam in her eye that Jim recognized in Vickie's eyes when she was going to fuck his brains out. She bent down and unzipped his pants, her slender fingers wrapped around his cock and cradled it as if she worshipped it. Her lips parted as she leaned forward touching his cock head with her tongue, she could taste the cum still dripping from his hand job a few minutes earlier and she licked him clean before taking his cock into her warm moist mouth. Her breath was hot against his skin as she swallowed his half hard cock. 

"Well looks like you two are getting along just fine." Chuck said as he led Vickie to the ladder for the loft. Y'all come join us when you get done with the introductions." he said before climbing the ladder behind Vickie.

Kelly let his cock drop from her mouth and stood up and kissed Jim sticking her tongue deep in his mouth. She took his hand leading him to the ladder and began to climb, Jim couldn't help but look at her pretty ass swing from side to side as she climbed up, her well trimmed pussy was in perfect view and his cock sprang to life at the sight of it. He quickly followed her and they both collapsed on a blanket laying in a pile of straw. Vickie and Chuck already in action when he looked over Chuck's head was between her legs and Vickie was trying to pull his head inside her. Jim figured Chuck had things well in hand so he followed suit and went straight to Kelly's sweetness. His tongue drove deep inside her pussy filling his senses with her flavor and smell. She tasted like honey and smelled of lilac. How strange he thought as his lips gripped her hard love button and his tongue flicked it repeatedly making her moan loudly as her leg twitched with each stroke of his tongue. She gripped his hair pulling him closer to her sweetness.

"Yes baby! That is driving me crazy! DON"T STOP!!" she squealed as he tasted her orgasm released on his tongue. She flowed cum down his chin and he tried to lick as much as he could. 

Kelly quickly turned the tables on him and before he knew what was happening she was sitting on his face and his cock was down her throat. She took all his seven inches and wiggled her sweet pussy across his face smearing her cum across it. Jim knew he had a wild one and let her run the show knowing she would please him just like Vickie always did.

Vickie saw what was happening and decided to follow her lead, she sat squarely on Chucks face and tried to swallow his cock just like Kelly had Jim's. She kept trying until she finally felt his hair against her nose, her eyes where closed so she knew she had most of his fat cock down her throat which took everything she had to do. She pulled back until just his cock head was in her mouth, she opened her eyes thinking I got to see this before she plunged her mouth back down this time taking every last inch into her stretched mouth and making Chuck grown with pure pleasure.

He bucked his hips at her face as he slipped a finger into her dripping wet pussy, that was all it took to release her orgasm and flood his face with her cum. Kelly saw Vickie swallow Chuck's cock and couldn't believe what she had seen, she could only take six inches into her mouth and Vickie had it all. Chuck couldn't take it any longer and rolled Vickie off, she protested and he ignored her while positioning his cock over her pussy he slid it in real slow wanting to slow things down so he wouldn't cum again until he knew she was well satisfied. 

"OH YES!! FUCK ME!!" she screamed as his cock found the bottom of her wetness filling her pussy to the max with his fat cock.

Kelly looked over and noticed how much Vickie was enjoying her mans cock and smiled at the thought. She let Jim's cock slip from her lips and she moved around so she was hovering over it, she held the head against her cunt lips and rubbed it across then slowly teasing Jim before allowing him to enter her. Jim tired to push his cock inside her but she raised up. "Not just yet big boy, I want to do this my way just lay back and let me do the work baby."
