 With the morning sun shining through the barn loft Kelly shielded her eyes from its brightness catching a glimpse of Chuck's naked body formed to Vickie's. Her thoughts turned to the events of the previous day making her look smile as her hand reached for Jim's morning wood. She stroked it slowly while her mind wondered what this day had in store for her and the others. Jim stirred slightly with her manipulations so she snuggled up tight to him sliding down so his cock was close to her hungry mouth. Her tongue licked the tip of his cock tasting and smelling the musk from the night before. She kissed it softly before parting her lips and sucking his cock head gently into her mouth. The warmth of her mouth against his cock made Jim moan softly even while still asleep. She knew he wouldn't be sleeping long and took another inch of his cock into her mouth, slowly she worked her skillful mouth down farther until she felt his hips start to move in rhythm with her movements. 

"Mmm now that's how a man likes to be awakened in the morning!" he said as his hands caressed her head.

Kelly giggled knowing her man loved to have his cock sucked first thing in the morning and she figured Jim would be no different. She licked the full length of his shaft making sure she had it coated good with her saliva before she attempted to swallow him whole. Jim's moans became louder and louder as she took more and more of his cock into her warm moist mouth. Kelly's took a deep breath before plunging her mouth onto his cock, she felt it pressing against her throat, she pushed harder until it entered her throat and she heard him moan loudly.

"Oh God!! Suck it baby!! Swallow my cock!! Yesssssss!!"

His encouragement drove her to new heights and she fucked his cock with her mouth feeling his cock hair tickling her nose each time she swallowed his member. Jim had experienced her talents yesterday and to swallow his cock is no easy thing to do but Kelly managed to make it look easy. She moved her hand to his balls caressing them firmly as she held his cock deep down her throat. Jim yelled out in relief as his cock shot its hot load of cum down her throat, her hand worked his cock shaft to extract every last drop of her prize before releasing his cock from her mouth. 

"Good Morning! Now if you would just fuck my brains out before that magnificent cock of yours dies and I might cook us some breakfast afterwards." She said with a sheepish grin.

"On your knees baby! This cock will be hard until I piss and that isn't going to happen for a while so get your sweet ass in the air!

Kelly couldn't resist his demands and doggie was by far her favorite position. She wheeled around sticking her well formed ass in the air as her head laid against the blanket. Jim moved around aiming his rock hard morning wood at her wet pussy, his first thought was to drive it home hard, but then decided to have a little fun and make her beg for it.

He rubbed his cock against her slippery wet pussy lips, they spread willingly as she pushed back against his cock. He moved back with her not allowing her to spear herself on his cock, he placed one finger on her swollen clit and moved it up and down her dripping pussy with his cock rubbing her pussy and his finger stroking her clit. She looked back at him with a what the fuck look on her face when he allowed just the head of his cock to enter her. His hand wrapped around his cock shaft wouldn't allow her to get any more than he wanted her to have. 

"Hey! What the fuck are you doing I need that cock?" She whimpered

"Well then you better start asking for it or this is all your going to get!" he said with a smirk

"Oh shit don't make me beg! I hate to beg and be teased! Please baby just slam that hard cock in me! I really need it baby"

"Make her beg Jim!! I can never resist that pussy even when I try!" Chuck said laughing

"Oh I can and I will unless she begs just right all she gets is the head."

"SHUT THE FUCK UP CHUCK!!" Kelly screamed 

"Now that's not the attitude I want from you right now Kelly!" Jim said removing his cock from her.

"Baby don't do this to me Please! Really if you don't slam that cock in me soon I'll die!" she cried

"That's more like it! Now tell me what you want in detail! How bad do you need this cock meat slammed inside that hungry pussy?" Jim said rubbing his cock against her again slowly.

"Baby I need it bad! My whole body is aching for it! Baby please fuck me hard I'll do anything for your cock to be slammed inside me please baby!! She begged like a child for a new toy.

"Chuck come over here and let her suck your cock like she did mine and if she does real good I might let her have another inch of mine." Jim said with a smile.

"Now there's a plan if I ever heard one." Chuck scurried over and sat down in front of Kelly, his cock sticking straight out and throbbing from the sight of his wife begging for another mans cock.

Kelly didn't need any more encouragement as soon as Chuck was in position she grabbed his cock and pounced on it like a hungry animal. She wanted Jim's cock deep inside her she would do anything! She sucked him as far down her throat as she could and moaned as Jim allowed another inch of cock to enter her wanting pussy. 

"That's it baby suck his cock!"

She slurped and sucked like she never had before! She was in a state of desperation and if Jim didn't shove that cock inside her soon she would explode for the wanting desire welling up inside her. Jim rocked back and forth driving Kelly wild with desire, she slipped Chucks cock out of her mouth long enough to beg for more.

"Baby please I can't stand this any more! I'm going to explode inside if you don't fuck me!"

Jim laughed loudly as she begged for his cock, he pulled his cock from her wetness and rubbed some more. Kelly started sucking again with more urgencies than before. She knew now that he was going to torture her if she didn't please him with his demands. 

"Now Jim if you don't fuck her then I ain't fucking Chuck!" Vickie said after watching this torture long enough.

"Well now your finally up I see. Why don't you take Chucks place for a while?" Jim said with a grin looking at her.

"Hum, now that is an idea." Vickie said rethinking her stand.

Kelly couldn't refuse she knew that and she wasn't sure what to do to a woman after all she had never done it before. Chuck pulled his cock free of her lips and slipped over enough so Vickie could take his place. She spread her legs wide and moved into place so her pussy was easily reached by Kelly. 

"Now I want to see her cum before you get fucked! If she doesn't cum hard enough then you have to do it again until I think she has! Now eat that pussy!" Jim ordered

Kelly's mind was blank with lust, she needed a cock so bad she would have done anything. She looked at Vickie's open pussy with a drop of moisture running down her slit, her pussy lips were swollen and her clit stood proud and hard. Kelly leaned forward and her tongue touched Vickie's clit, Vickie jumped slightly with the contact and then relaxed as Kelly sucked her swollen clit into her mouth. She moved her tongue around her swollen lips sucking them as she licked up the fluids that seeped from Vickie's pussy. With more urgency she drove her tongue deep inside her pussy, tasting Vickie's sweet juices as the flowed. She thought now I know why Chuck always wants to eat my pussy, this is pretty good. She sucked her clit again flicking it with her tongue knowing how it always drove her crazy when Chuck did it to her. Vickie's legs twitched just like hers did and she knew she had it right when Vickie grabbed her head pulling it hard against her pussy.

"Oh yeah! I love that! Suck my clit hard baby!" Vickie moaned between clinched teeth.

"Damn! She's pretty good at that!" Jim said watching the expression on Vickie's face as she felt an orgasm building inside her.

"Suck It Hard! I'm cumin! Vickie screamed as she pulled Kelly's hair trying to drive her head inside her convulsing pussy. 

Kelly sucked harder and drove her tongue around inside Vickie's pussy as her orgasm flowed sweet cum all around her tongue. Jim being a man of his word drove his cock deep inside Kelly's pussy just as Vickie went over the edge. With the feeling of her pussy packed full of hard cock Kelly's own pussy exploded into orgasm with the power of a earth quake. She groaned loudly against Vickie's pussy as she felt his cock plowing into her hard and deep with long stroke that almost took her breath. Her orgasm lasted for hours it seemed and just as it subsided it started again with the same intensity as the first one. Breathless and totally out of control Kelly yelled.

"OHHH GOD HELP ME!! FUCK ME DAMNIT!!"

With those words screamed at the top of her lungs Jim knew she was passed gone and he slammed his cock harder and harder until he was gasping for breath. Chuck had moved so his cock was in front of Vickie's mouth and it was all she could do to keep from screaming around it as Kelly brought her to another climax. Jim felt his ball tighten and knew he couldn't hold out much longer, the sights and sounds of the four of them was just to much for him to stand. He had never seen a woman so excited that her body orgasmed one right after the other in series as Kelly was doing. Her pussy grabbed his cock like a hand and held it tight inside her as cum dripped from his balls. He screamed out he was cumin and grabbed Kelly's ass driving his cock inside her like a madman. Vickie was sucking Chuck like it was the last cock she would ever have, she had his mighty cock all the way down her throat and her hips bucking against Kelly's face like they were possessed. Chuck screamed he was cumin and filled Vickie's mouth with cum, just as Jim's cock shot its hot load deep inside Kelly. 

Jim fell back and his cock made a popping sound as it left Kelly's convulsing pussy. Kelly's orgasm continued as Jim watched. Her hips still fucking his cock even after it was gone! Jim and Chuck looked at each other as the girls finally broke free of each other, the whole barn seemed to be breathing like a track star that just ran the 500 meter dash. Breathless they all fell into a heap and just held each other until the regained some control.

"I've never had anything like that in my life!" Kelly said still panting.

"What's for breakfast?" Jim asked laughingly.

"Breakfast? My ass!" Kelly said laying in the arms of Vickie

"Yeah if you want breakfast then the men can cook it us girls are going to take a shower.

With that the girls got up and ran to the house leaving the guys laying there. They looked at each other and laughed, well I guess we are cooking they each said heading towards the house.

Part 3 …..with good byes said Vickie and Jim head down the road again. Where is the question and with who?