 Vickie yawned as Jim drove home, she had slept just a couple hours the night before so she decided to catch a quick nap. With more than two hours to go she laid her head in Jim's lap smiling up at him with those bright eyes of hers.

"Thank you for this weekend baby, I could never of dreamed we would get that lucky."

Jim just smiled knowing he was the luckiest guy in the world to have her as his lover and friend. She just seemed to bring the sexual nature out of everyone she meets and he sure reaps the rewards of her efforts. He laid back in the seat and relaxed as he headed onto the inter-state with Vickie sound asleep on his lap and the image of Kelly licking her sweet pussy in his head. His thoughts turned to the shower after the morning romp which was something to behold even for them. His mind went back over every detail once more just so he would never forget it.

"I got the towels and rags Vickie you get the soap off the sink." Kelly said throwing Vickie a quick wink.

"The guys sure worked me up this morning! Damn I don't think I ever got that turned on in my life." Kelly said smiling.

"Well you sure did a number on me sweetie! That's the first time I ever had another woman lick me and God did you run me up the wall with that tongue of yours! 

"Oh My God! Would you believe that was the first time for me too? Its all that husband of yours fault you know? I really think we should pay him back some how don't you?"

"Yeah I guess he did kind of force the issue, although I didn't hear any complaints from you and I sure didn't mind." Vickie said laughing.

"Who's complaining?" Chuck said entering the bathroom.

"No one is baby just relax and lets get a shower before we all start melting like your cock after its blown." Kelly said throwing him a towel.

"Who's first in the shower and can I watch?" Jim said pinching Kelly's ass.

"You and Vickie are first, I want another shot at Jim before they leave." Kelly said reaching for his cock with a sheepish grin.

Vickie turned the water on making sure it was hot, she loved hot showers. She pulled the curtain back stepping inside before turning back to the others.

"Why don't we all take a shower together?"

With quick looks around they all smiled and joined Vickie in the shower. There was plenty of room after all it was a double shower and even had a little seat that folded down for those special occasions when your legs just can't support you another minute.

"Wow what a great shower!" Vickie said amazed with the seer size of it.

"We like to play in the shower so Chuck enlarged it last year so he could chase me around and still be able to catch me." Kelly said pinching Chucks ass.

"Hey that hurt!"

"Well bend over and I'll kiss it and make it all better." Kelly teased as she puckered up those lush lips mocking him.

"Are we showering or what?" Vickie asked looking at Chucks cock begin to stir to life again.

"Well now isn't this a surprise! There is life after orgasm for you isn't there my dear?" 

Kelly reach for her mans swollen cock, stroking it slowly and watching Vickie lick her lips at the sight before her eyes. She bent down taking his cock between her lips, she let her tongue travel slowly down the side of his shaft and looked up at Vickie who's eyes were glued to scene before her. 

"Mmm God I love the taste of a cock! The smell of a man after sex with that musky scent." Kelly said taking Chucks cock deep inside her mouth. 

Vickie felt the tip of Jim's cock touch her leg, she looked down to see it standing straight up and oozing fluid from the tip from his excitement. Her fingers wrapped around it slowly stroking him while watching the show Kelly was performing. Kelly felt eyes on her and being the type that loved attention she began to give them a show. Jim leaned back against the wall for support as Kelly took most of his cock inside her hot mouth, she moaned as it touched the back of her throat, and she massaged his tightening balls with her free hand driving him crazy. She knew what he liked and with each stroke she took just a little more of his cock until she had his pubic hair tickle her nose. 

"I can't believe she can do that!" Vickie said amazed at Chuck's cock being swallowed. "I mean God just look at her!

"Give it a try?" Kelly said looking up at Vickie.

"It's way to big for me to swallow! But I could try!" she said with a giggle.

Vickie knelt down before Chuck her hands shaking at the thought of swallowing his cock again. She had managed it once when she was cumin but now she wasn't sure it looked so big and fat. How could she get all that cock down her throat?

"Just relax and don't think just do it!" Kelly said reassuring her.

Vickie began slowly sucking the ball shaped head of his cock, she licked it and nibbled before sucking a couple inches into her moist mouth. She moaned knowing all eyes were on her and she wanted to perform for them as Kelly had but her mind wasn't so sure this time if she could manage to swallow him. She sped up her attack on his cock taking more and more as she plunged her face into his crotch. Chuck moaned louder with each stroke she took, he held onto the towel rack as Vickie grabbed his ass cheeks and buried her face into his arching cock. 

"Suck it baby! Oh God Yes!" He screamed as he felt his cock enter her tight throat. 

Vickie pushed harder taking his cock deeper inside her mouth, she closed her eyes and with one last attempt she plunged down hard and relaxed her throat just enough to allow it to enter. She bobbed her head fast feeling his cock convulse as it shot its steamy load down her willing throat. Vickie groaned as he filled her with his hot cum, she pulled his cock free of her mouth letting the last spurt drip down her lip. Kelly turned Vickie's face towards her and kissed her full on the mouth letting her tongue taste the cum still in her mouth.

"Mmm now lets see if I can get the same results from Jim!" Kelly said pushing Jim back to the seat.

"I thought we were taking a shower?" he said laughing

"Well the waters running and we are wet in more ways than one!" Kelly said running her finger through her swollen pussy lips pausing at her clit for one good rub before kneeling down before Jim.

"Now you just sit back and lets see if your cum is as good as Chuck's." she said licking the tip of his cock.

"Oh comparing are we?" he said with raised eyebrows.

Without another word Kelly dove down on Jim's cock, she swallowed it completely in one quick motion. Jim groaned loudly as she pumped his cock with her soft full lips wrapped around the base of his cock. His head rolled from side to side as she began to pump her face against his cock taking it fully down her throat with each trust. Jim was in heaven, Kelly and Chuck watched her perform the most awesome blow job they had ever seen. Kelly couldn't help but reach over and begin to stroke Chucks half hard cock hoping to bring life back into the monster. She reached for the soap and began lathering up his cock, she rubbed soap all over herself as she stroked and cleaned his cock. She began rubbing against him after she knew she had enough soap applied to herself to be a human wash cloth. Her firm perky nipples rubbed against his wet skin as her soft flesh caressed his chest. Chuck took the soap and lathered up his hands then reached down between her legs and lathered up her love box. His fingers slowly rubbed across her clit as she continued to stroke his cock. She moaned softly with each stroke across her swollen clit.

"God that feels so good!" She whispered in his ear.

"I know what would feel better!" he said turning her around so the hot water was running down her back. He rinsed his cock off as he rubbed it against her pussy lips watching them part in anticipation for the assault that was about to come. 

"Mmm fuck me hard baby!" She whimpered as his cock head teased her.

Vickie and Jim were still locked together like Siamese twins joined cock to mouth and Kelly had a great view of her still gulping down his cock.. She felt Chuck's cock begin to rub harder and then slip into her hot wet pussy. Her knees went weak as it plowed deep inside her making her moan loudly as it hit the bottom of her aching pussy. Vickie sneaked a peak at Kelly's facial expressions as Chucks cock drove hard inside her. She smiled around Jim's cock head nipping the tip with her teeth as she watched Chuck slam so hard against Kelly's ass that it sounded like hands slapping her ass cheeks.

"Fuck her Chuck! Fuck her hard! I want to see her scream when she cum's." Vickie said turning to watch.

"Hey Vickie? There just happens to be a hard cock starring you in the face that needs some attention you know?" Jim said patting Vickie on the head.

"Oh my I get so caught up watching." she said giggling.

Jim pulled Vickie up and turned her around so she was facing Kelly. Their heads were just inches apart, he grabbed her ass and sank his cock deep inside her with one thrust. Vickie's knees almost crumbled as he hot her deepest point. She cried out loudly as his cock trust inside her at a pace that was almost to hard but not quit. Vickie closed her eyes as he pounded her with hard deep trusts that shook her to the core of her sexual being.

"Yes Oh yes oh god don't stop! Fuck Ohhhh yes that's it harder now!" Vickie wailed between gasping for breath.

Chuck looked over at Jim as they both pounded the panting, moaning and begging ladies before them. Kelly and Vickie were helpless against their attack, all they could do is beg for more and hope they still have enough strength to crawl out of the shower when they were done. Kelly reached for Vickie's shoulder for support, she held on firmly as Jim's cock drove home hard again and again until she screamed out with Kelly as they both orgasmed at once!

"I'm cumin" Kelly screamed.

"I'm cumin!" Vickie screamed.

The two men smiled as they both pounded away like it was the last piece of pussy they would ever have. Both men wanted to be the last to cum almost competing against one another as they both felt an orgasm approaching. 

"Oh God I can't take it any longer!" Kelly yelled as her body shook in orgasm again.

"Yes oh God Fuck Me!" She screamed of loud that Vickie jumped.

Jim and Chucks face told the tale as they grimaced in vane trying to hold back their orgasm. Chuck was gasping for air as he yelled out.

"Fuck, FUCK, FUCCCK!" As he unloaded his cum deep inside Kelly. Her orgasm still gripping his cock firmly.

"Oh Shit! I'm cumin! Ahhhhgggggg!" Jim screamed as his pulled his cock out and shot its hot load on Vickie's ass.

Vickie went to one knee and held onto the wall to keep from falling face first in the shower while Kelly went limp and was saved by Chuck as she collapsed from exhaustion. Her eyes half closed.

"I'm fucked out!" She whimpered.

With the last of the two men's strength they helped the girls from the shower and led them to the bedroom. Both crawled into the king size bed and instantly went to sleep. Jim and Chuck shrugged their shoulders and walked back to the kitchen.

"Think they might want something to eat still?" Chuck asked.

Jim just laughed as Chuck opened the fridge and handed him country link sausage almost as large has his cock. 

"Yep this should get them going!" Chuck said laughing as he started cooking.

Vickie opened her eyes just as Jim pulled into the driveway. She yawned and took a deep breath.

"Are we home yet?"