 As Anya and I walked towards the house I considered telling her that we had just been watched by Joanne, whilst we were fucking on the beach. I decided against it and asked if she wanted to join the tribe for dinner. 

"Yeah sure, it'll give me some more time to perv them, and tease them!" She said jokingly.

"Do you really find them that fuckable?" I asked, hoping for the obvious answer.

"Christ yes! How can you not? I would love to take one of Joanne's tits in my mouth." 

"By the way she looked at yours I'm sure she has the same ideas." 

"Would you mind if I tried it with her?" 

"I told you, I have nothing against you having sex with women, as long you let me join in!" 

"Mmmm we'll see about that," 

And so we decided to take Joanne's offer on dinner, but not before unpacking our stuff. The house was simply amazing. It was more like a palace then a house. The builders had done a great job decorating it as well. My agent (who was in charge of doing all the paper work, and finding the help) sure picked the help well! It reminded me of when I was a kid, getting all excited when we bought new furniture. 

My favourite part of the whole house was the swimming pool; the outdoor one had the Creation of Adam tiled beneath it, and was heated. The dining room was fabulous. The table was huge enough for twenty people. I made a mental note to invite Joanne for dinner some time. Our bedroom was without fault. We had a four poster bed which I'm sure was four times bigger then a normal bed. This meant it was HUGE. I could not wait to get Anya on her back on this bed. 

Whilst Anya was putting her endless supply of clothes in the wardrobe room, I was busy thinking of how I could get Joanne on her back. I concluded that whilst Anya was getting laid with Joanne's girl, I would be getting laid with Joanne. I was quite hopeful that Anya would get Joanne's girl. 

I snuck up behind Anya, wrapped my arms around her waist, and grabbed a hold of her boobs. I kissed her neck, slowly going towards her mouth. Anya stopped me short. 

"We don't have enough time for me to blow you hon. And you want to be on your best performance for Joanne don't you?" Anya added with a smile. 

"I... You... Don't you mind?" I asked suspiciously.

"Nah, not really. We're gonna be here for a while, so may as well get to know the natives." Anya laughed, "And it wouldn't really be fair if I got licked out by a hot woman, whilst you were just sleeping in this big bed by yourself!" 

I couldn't argue with that, so I didn't answer. We walked down to the village. Anya wearing a very thin , see-through blouse with no bra, and a long skirt that was also quite see-through. I was wearing the usual shorts and t-shirt. I'm sure the temperature of the island had doubly risen; it was much hotter now then I ever remembered it being. If I had the choice I would have not worn anything, apart from my watch. 

I think the natives had had the same idea, no longer were they wearing their traditional leather halter and skirts, but instead they were adorned in thin cotton dresses. I guess the weather had forced them into things a little cooler. The dresses' they were wearing were very short. I was sure that as soon as they bent over I would be rewarded with a magnificent sight of ass-framed pussy. There was a slit going up the side of all the dresses, all the way up to the shoulder. The only thing keeping the dresses snug to their bodies was a single piece of white cloth that was doing the job of a belt around their waists. 

One of the women told us that Joanne was expecting us in one of the other, smaller huts. When we got there it was quite a simple place, just a large table with wooden chairs all around. Joanne stood up and greeted us immediately. I'm sure her gaze lingered on my crotch a little longer then it should have. 

"I'm so glad you could make it! Take a seat. The food will soon arrive. This is Sarah, my partner." As she said the last part, Joanne pointed to the girl Anya was hoping to fuck. "Our main leader is off the island, she's just given birth. And so I am taking the role for now. Between you and me, the only thing different between being the leader and being a normal member of the tribe, is that, instead of my usual work, I'm just the counsellor for the tribe," 

Just then six women came in to the hut with 12 bowls of food. They had pretty much 'normal' food, but most of it was sea food. After the women had laid the food on the table, we all tucked in. I noticed that instead of leaving us to eat, or joining the dinner, the girls who had brought the food just stood against the walls. Just as I had finished my fifth mouthful of cod, Joanne started to talk again. I was so interested in how they lived their lives. It was unlike anything I had heard. Well, actually, it was just a communistic run tribe. Joanne was the leader of the tribe, which meant she just organised how many women were allowed to leave the island and get pregnant. The women around the walls were acting like servants, they tended to our needs. Joanne showed us this by calling one of them over. 

"Emily come over here, and stand towards Chloe," Joanne called to one of the girls. Emily had quite a flat chest, but it was hard to tell with the dress on. Emily had very nice long legs, and as she turned away (towards Chloe who was another servant girl standing against the wall), I could see her ass cheeks creeping below her dress. 

"You don't mind some exhibitionism do you?" Joanne asked us. 

"Errr... no, not at all." I replied uncertainly. Anya was looking very excited though. With that Joanne lifted Emily's dress over her ass and stroked a cheek with her finger. 

"Well don't just stand there girl, bend over!" Joanne ordered. 

The servant girl followed her orders without question, and didn't look outraged in the slightest. In fact, I think she had a little grin on her face. As Emily bent over, Joanne spread her ass cheeks apart with one hand and started to stroke Emily's exposed pussy with the other. Pussy juice started to flow from her pussy, and Joanne, scooping it up with her finger, licked it. 

"Go under the table and lick my cunt Emily." Joanne ordered. 

Again Emily followed her orders with out question. 

"I don't want you playing with yourself down there, I want both of your hands on my legs, ass or in my pussy at all times." 

I was very hard at this point, so I reshuffled, hoping that no one would catch on. I think Anya did, as I felt her toes brush up against my leg, and move on to my crotch. I looked down and saw that it wasn't Anya's foot, but Joanne's instead. She smiled and winked at me. I decided to 'pay it forward' and ran my toes along Anya's leg, but I found someone had beaten me to it. I looked at Sarah, who blushed, and looked down. I smiled at her, and she soon realised that I was alright with her flirting with my girlfriend. Joanne was obviously feeling the effects of Emily's licking as her face had gone bright red and she had completely forgotten her food. Instead both her hands were placed upon Emily's head, mashing her pussy on Emily's face. Loud slurping sounds were emanating from where Emily's face and Joanne's cunt met. I was very hard and needed some release. 

"I think I'll retire to my room, I'm feeling quite tired." Sarah suddenly said as she looked sideways at Anya. 

"I think I will too. It's been a long day." Anya added, as they left together. 

After they were out of ear shot Joanne talked in between moans. 

"Unghh... I bet its... oh fuck... been a loooounghooong... day for her... Oh fuck yes!" Joanne managed to say. 

"Why do you say that?" I asked. My eyes fixed on the wet patch Emily was making on Joanne's dress.

"Because I did... Oh fuck Emmy honey... watch you fuck her up the ass remember?" 

"Oh right... Yeah..." 

"Oh god... the way you blew your load over her face.... Oh Emmy! That turned you on too, eh? We don't get to experience... Oh fuck just there... OH FUCK!" Joanne exploded in to screaming orgasm, always pushing harder on Emily's head. 

After Joanne's orgasm had died down, she ordered Emily to go back to her post. 

"Wait Emily!" Joanne ordered just as Emily was turning to go back to the wall. At Joanne's request she stopped walking. "Would you like to grope a feel? Her tits might not be that big, but her nipples are fucking gold," 

"Ummmm you wouldn't mind?" I asked Emily. 

"No, of course not. Why would I mind?" Emily spoke for the first time. Her voice was very quiet and very high. 

"Go on!" Joanne urged me. She then turned to Emily, "Emily sit in his lap." 

Emily did as ordered. I was sure she would be able to feel my hard-on poking her ass through her thin dress. I put my hands on her hips to steady her. 

"So, as I was saying, usually when we're with a man, we make sure he comes in our pussies, not anywhere else." Joanne explained, " In fact I've never had a man do that to me." Joanne's facial expression was more then enough to tell me what she wanted. 

I chose this point to move my hand to the slit in the side of Emily's dress, just to the side of her stomach. I slowly stroked her skin until I felt the curve of her breast. Joanne was right, she did have small boobs. I continued up until I reached the most hardest and pointy nipple I had ever felt. It was heaven as I rolled it around my fingers tweaking it with my index finger and thumb. I lowered my other hand under the bottom of her skirt and felt that her pussy was wet. I stuck two fingers in and tasted her sweet juice. 

"She tastes great too, huh?" Joanne asked, breaking me from my work and I was brought back to reality. 

"Oh yeah... Do you wanna taste?" 

"You bet," 

I once again dipped my fingers in Emily's honey pot and brought them to Joanne's mouth. At first she just took small little swipes at my fingers, but then she engulfed the length of my fingers inside her mouth. I could not wait to have her on her knees in front of me. I quickly stood up. Startling Emily and causing my chair to go flying backward. 

"I have to go," My hard-on was plainly in sight, and Joanne looked straight at it. 

"I'll show you the way. Girls! Clean this up and then you're dismissed." Joanne shouted back as we left. 

I followed Joanne's lead, my hands on her hips. Occasionally I would stop and press her up against a wall, humping her cotton covered ass with my hard-on. We finally made it to the largest of huts, the one with two huge beds on either side. The sight ripped my attention from Joanne's ass. 

About 16 women were all fucking each other in frenzy. Eight on each side of the hut. Some were fucking each other doggy with strap-ons, whilst the ones being fucked had their faces in someone else's cunt. One girl had someone on top of her face, mashing their pussy on to her mouth, whilst getting eaten out by two other women. I was wondering if I was going to get to fuck 17 women in one night, but Joanne dragged me past the sight to the stairs leading to her throne. So I was gonna blow my load on Joanne's face whilst watching a mass orgy. Fabulous! 

But Joanne again led me past the stairs to a small door I had not noticed before. I followed her in and saw that it she slept away from the rest of the tribe. Her bed was a simple double bed, no fancy stuff, just a bed. The room was windowless, but was lit with a huge candelabra. I will never forget how much the smell of pussy juice was crammed in the air. 

I looked back to Joanne to see her closing the door. As soon as she did, I spun her round and pressed her up against it causing it to bang loudly. My tongue dove straight into her mouth and we shared a passionate kiss, all the while my hands travelled slowly towards her ass. I groped the two globes roughly. As I broke the kiss and started to suck down her neck, my hands crept under the bottom of her dress and felt the warm, soft skin of her ass. Joanne started to undress me, first my t-shirt came off, breaking our kiss briefly. She used that time to sneak a peak at my chest, which see ran a hand down and groaned. Then she unbuckled my belt, letting them and my shorts drop to the ground. Before she could make any more moves, I took back control. 

I slowly sucked my way around Jo's neck, moving one of my hands around her ass to feel her smoothly shaved pubic region. I purposefully tried hard not to touch her pussy, I wanted to save that feeling. With my other hand I lowered my boxers letting them drop to my ankles. I humped between Jo's ass-cheeks through the thin cotton of her dress, but because it was so high cut, my humping raised it even more so my balls were grazing against the lower curves of her ass. With both my hands I untied the belt knot at the front of the dress causing it to drop to the floor and the dress to loosen. 

I pushed Jo toward the bed, all the time planting small kisses on the back of her neck, until I felt her knees being pressed against the edge of the bed. I kept pushing until Jo's upper body fell over the bed, but leaving her legs straight. I could not wait to fuck her pussy doggy. Her long, straight legs leading up to her fabulous ass would be a wonderful sight to fuck. The combination of the now loose dress, and me bending her over the edge of the bed made her ass completely reveal itself to me, and her pussy to poke out, cutely framed by her hard ass. 

I lined up and ticked her pussy lips with the head of my painfully hard cock. The sight of her pussy lips being separated by my meat was heaven. Joanne was obviously finding it very frustrating though, she was moaning, almost crying for cock and pushing back in the hope of impaling herself on my hard-on. 

I felt I had teased her long enough, so I grabbed a hold of her hips and thrust my cock up her cunt in one long push. Joanne let out an ear splitting scream of ecstasy. It was obvious that Joanne had not had many cocks up her cunt as she was very tight. I held in her to let her get used to me, until her scream subsided. I started to pull out of her cunt, all the time watching the sight of my cock impaling her pussy. 

I withdrew to the head and then pushed back in almost immediately. I started to get a slow, soft rhythm going. But Joanne was insistent to speed it up, always pressing back on my cock, trying to get me to fuck her faster and harder. I complied with passion re-applying the hold I had on her hips and really fucking her hard. 

"Oh fuck yes... Yeah baby... Fuck me hard... Harder honey... Faster!" Joanne kept on trying to order me to go faster and harder. 

I obeyed her commands, and started to leave my cock buried in her tight, hot, love hole, pushing her up the bed and off her feet. Joanne seemed to like this, her talking and moans had turned in to grunts of passion, and louder moans. She used this chance to take her dress off and throw it to the other side of the room. As I fucked her up the cunt, Joanne was being pushed up the bed and now her thighs were as good as on the bed. In this position, her pussy lips closed more tightly over my cock, causing my cock to twitch inside her pussy with anticipation. 

"Remember to come on my face honey! I've never had anything that hot done to me." Joanne didn't have to remind me, I loved giving facials. 

Because Joanne's pussy was getting harder and harder to reach, I was forced to get on the bed on all fours and spoon her whilst she was lying face down. Fucking was getting more difficult in this position, so I grabbed a hold of her legs and span her on my cock so we were in missionary. 

As soon as I saw her face I kissed her cute mouth, whilst looking directly in to her eyes. It was magic. In missionary, I kept up my hard thrusts, once again pushing her up the bed. As soon as her head came in contact with the edge of the bed and forced her to face down, towards where our bodies were meeting, I gave up trying to kiss her and concentrated on her boobs. I buried my face between the two huge mounds of flesh, and started to lick, suck, and nibble at the soft, hot skin. The feeling of my ministrations to her boobs must have been a real turn on. Joanne started to orgasm. I could feel her juices flowing out of her cunt, whilst her pussy clenched incredibly tightly around my cock. Joanne started to scream and thrash everywhere, sending a delightful sensation up my cock. 

This feeling was making me hornier then ever. I could feel I was about to come. I got Joanne's arms and lifted her up so she was sitting on my cock. I kissed her whilst shuffling to the edge of the bed, where I let my legs drop over the edge of the bed. I told Joanne I was about to come and lowered her to the floor. My cock exited Joanne with a pop and scraped up her tummy, between her breasts, leaving a trail of pre-come and pussy juice. 

Despite the mixture that covered my cock, Joanne still engulfed it in her mouth. She sucked the head like a lollipop. It was evident that she had not had much experience with this. I was not in the mood for a lesson. Whilst pulling out of her mouth, I held her nipples tightly between my finger and thumb, and lifted her tits up to my cock with her nipples. I squeezed her big tits around my cock. I think Joanne got the idea. She replaced my hands on her tits, leaving mine to stroke her soft brown hair. 

The feeling of her tits engulfing my cock, pumping, literally jerking off my cock was bliss, but it something was missing. I pushed Joanne's head down so each time she lowered her boobs around my cock, it poked her lips. She instantly got the message, enjoying the taste of my pre-come and sucking on the head each time it came in reach. This feeling of a good tit fuck was all it took to push me over the edge. 

"Here it comes!" I warned her. 

Joanne quickly shuffled back a little, and opened her mouth. I aimed my cock towards her mouth and shot the first stream past her tongue, and straight down her throat. The second covered her neck, giving her a pearl necklace, dripping down to her tits. The third and forth I aimed directly at her breasts, covering them with my love juices. I could tell Joanne was enjoying it because I was sure she was coming. Sure enough I heard the sound of her pissing on the floor. Of course this was pussy juice streaming out of her tight cunt. By the eighth rope of come, Joanne was completely covered, her entire top half was streaked with my cream. I kept coming, until I was out. Joanne was licking her come covered lips and scooping up the come on her body with her hands, eating my jizz. 

"That was fantastic!" Joanne said with a mouth full of come. Some of it was dribbling down her chin. 

"I'm glad you liked it. I love giving them. I'm sure it won't be the last," I replied. 

It was going to be paradise living here. 

***Please give feedback; good or bad!***