 After blowing my load over Jo’s face, I decided that I better leave for the house, Anya would be wondering where I was. Actually, Anya knew that I was fucking Jo, but she probably wouldn’t want to spend the first night in our new bed alone. If I was lucky, Anya would still have her face buried in Sarah’s pussy when I got back. I remembered the scene as Jo led me to her room, in the main hut most of the natives had gathered for an all out orgy with strap-ons, vibrators, and lots of pussy. As I looked back, Jo was still busy scooping my come off her chest, so I thought I would just leave her to it. I chose not to put my clothes back on, but instead just strolled out to the ‘orgy room’ wearing just my smile, and a hard-on. 

I walked through the moaning women, but no one noticed me, everyone was too busy licking, or fucked. I watched in delight, but kept walking. I stopped when something grabbed my attention, I knew that body! There was a girl getting fucked with a strap-on, getting her ass licked out, and eating one of the native’s pussy at the same time. That girl was my girlfriend. 

She was getting fucked by Sarah, licked by Chloe, and eating out some other lucky girl. Anya seemed to be enjoying it to say the least, she was moaning very loudly. In fact, the only girl who was making more noise then Anya, was one of the natives on the other side of the room. I assumed she was having an orgasm because she was being fucked with a strap on and each time the girl wearing the strap on thrust up her pussy, the girl screamed, filling the room with a delightful sound. 

When I stroked a finger up Chloe’s pussy, she pulled her face out from between Anya’s cheeks and looked around. Chloe had a shocked expression on her face, but seeing my reassuring smile, she smiled back at me. I stuck two fingers up her tight cunt and watched with delight as her eyes rolled to the back of her head as she let out a chesty moan. 

Whilst still keeping my fingers buried in her hot cunt, I moved so I was kneeling on the huge bed. It was difficult to get my cock anywhere near Anya’s ass hole, as Sarah was fucking my girl friend’s pussy with a strap on. I moved Anya, by lifting her ass to just above my cock, replacing Chloe’s face at the entrance of Anya’s ass. I kept my fingers pumping in and out of Chloe’s pussy, teasing her clit with my thumb. I was lucky that Chloe had been licking Anya’s ass for so long as my girl friend’s ass was very well lubed. Just before I was going to lower Anya to my cock head, I noticed a vibrator lying on the bed near Anya’s face. I reached for it and slid it in to Chloe’s pussy, setting it on ‘high’. Chloe let out a moan, falling on her side in orgasm. 

I, in the mean while, was lowering Anya, impaling her ass on my hard, throbbing cock. As my cock passed into her ass hole, Anya stopped her ministrations to the native’s pussy and looked down. Anya smiled at me and said, 

“So this is why none of the natives want to stay on the main land!” 

Anya screamed as I skewered her ass on my cock, I felt a totally new sensation. I could feel Sarah’s strap on stabbing Anya’s pussy, grazing my cock, and sending electric sensations through me. This drove me on to thrust harder, and deeper in to my girl friend’s ass. The new movements caused Sarah to look down. Seeing me she gave a wicked smile and started to thrust at a different angle, causing the strap on to push against my cock, making the inside of Anya’s ass even tighter. I was so close to coming, but not as close as Anya. I could tell by her moans that she was very close. 

I reached for Sarah’s ass hole, pulling the thong like strap to reveal a very wet ass. Obviously the strap on was double ended. Her ass was slick with her pussy juices. I stroked her hole with my fingers, slowly but firmly pushing in to her ass hole. I started to finger fuck her ass hole, causing Sarah to squeal in excitement. 

The girl who Anya was eating out was obviously close to coming too, her screams were getting louder. The screams were obviously not enough to give her release. She exploded over my girl friends face: covering Anya’s face with her pussy juices, after this she collapsed on the bed, and fell asleep out of exhaustion. This explosion caused Anya to come, both holes clenching down. I tried to keep my rhythm up, but her ass hole was too tight. I waited until Anya’s orgasm was over. 

To my dismay Anya sat up, causing both my cock and Sarah’s strap on to pull out of her holes. The cold air was torture to my wet and very hot cock. I grabbed Chloe’s hair and pulled her face in front of my cock. She instantly started to lick, and suck on the head. 

“I dunno who’s going to enjoy it more here, me or you!” Anya commented at the sight of Chloe sucking on my cock 

“Mmm… Definitely me.” I replied as Chloe gave me a sloppy blow job. Anya, Sarah, and I were all sitting in a little circle, Anya took this position to stick a few fingers up Chloe’s cunt. 

“You’re going to love what I just found out.” Anya said

“Whats that?” I asked, looking over to Sarah who had gone unusually quiet. 

“Apparently they have to act like slaves to us as well as Jo,” 

“Really? So they’ll do anything I say?” I was sure Anya was just kidding. 

“Yip. Look. Sarah, suck his balls,” 

Sarah slid underneath where Chloe was sucking my cock, and started to suck one of my balls in to her mouth. I gasped at the sudden change of temperature, and then moaned at the sensation. I grabbed the back of Anya’s head and drew her in for a kiss. The taste of pussy juice was still on her tongue, making the kiss ever more sweet. Anya broke the kiss. 

“Why don’t we take this up to the house?” Anya asked. Before waiting for an answer, she took charge, getting in to the role of being the master instantly. “Sarah, Chloe, get up.” 

They instantly rose to their feet. Anya got up, and lifted me by my cock. This reminded me that I still hadn’t came, Anya read my mind. 

“Don’t worry, I’ll let you come soon enough.” Anya promised

“Sarah, Chloe, get three butt plugs, and three vibrators.” I added. 

I was going to have fun tonight! Sarah walked back to a cupboard that I had missed when I came in to this room, obviously the small (!) distraction of a mass orgy took my attention slightly. Closing the cupboard, Sarah returned with a small bag filled with what I had asked for. 

As we walked to the house, I fully took in how gorgeous these native slaves were. 

Chloe has long brunette hair that fell to her lower back. Her legs weren’t the longest, but her ass was the best, cute, round, and by the look of it, very soft. Her boobs were big, nicely rounded, and very perky. Her dark nipples looked as though they were pointing to the ceiling. Her face, like her body was, in word, cute. Her big blue eyes look gorgeous in contrast with her pale skin and dark hair. What really caught my attention was the fact that her face was simply beautiful. She had freckles, which is something of a fetish of mine. Her freckles went past her face down to her chest, and covered some of her back. I had to fuck this girl. I love freckles. 

Sarah’s skin was also very pale, somewhat of a characteristic feature of the natives. Except Sarah’s hair was a fiery red that came down past her shoulders. Her boobs were smaller then Chloe's, but Sarah was thinner. Sarah’s deep green eyes were magic, coupled with her red hair. 

As we were just leaving the village I came up behind Chloe and crept my hands toward her pubic area. I reached for a butt plug from the bag Sarah was carrying whilst lubing up Chloe’s ass hole. After about 3 minutes of lubing, the walking making this very erratic and difficult, I inserted the butt plug slowly. Chloe gave a grunt and stopped walking as I pushed the glass plug in to her ass. It popped in, and Chloe sighed with relief. She slowly began to walk again when she saw that the other girls were getting a lot more ahead of us. I moved to my next target. 

As I reached Sarah I brought my arms up to cup her breasts. It took me about half a second to move my fingers to softly pull at her nipples, eliciting moans and gasps from her. Her nipples became instantly hard, and so I started to pull more firmly on them, making her bend over. As she bent over her ass cheeks parted to reveal both her most intimate holes. I left her nipples, with one hand pushing at her lower back to reinforce my order to stay down, and with the other spreading her legs, but keeping them straight. 

When her legs had parted enough so I had ample access to her holes, I stopped and brought both hands to spread her ass and really push her cheeks apart. I kept her cheeks spread with one hand whilst with the other dragging a finger up her wet slit, and spreading her wetness to her ass. It was at that moment I heard a long moan, but it wasn’t coming from Sarah. 

I looked over the very erotically positioned Sarah, to see Anya sitting on top of Chloe’s mouth, grinding her pussy over the native’s face. Anya’s fingers were a blur as they plunged in and out of Chloe’s pussy, stopping only to tug on the butt plug, pulling the widest part out, and then reinserting it. They’re sweaty bodies were on the grass, glistening from the just visible village fires. 

It seemed as though Sarah was enjoying the show as she started to move back on my stroking fingers, nearly impaling her self on my fingers. I bent down to get another butt plug, and picked one up, dragging it up Sarah’s leg and then wiping it on her pussy, covering the plug with her juices. I firmly pushed the plug in to her ass making her moan with pleasure. After pushing the butt plug in, and making sure it was going to stay in there, I got up and walked over to Anya, pulling her off Chloe’s face. 

As Anya came closer to my face, I bent my head lower to meet her in a kiss. Again, I welcomed the taste of pussy juice in my mouth. As we kissed, I kept my eyes open to see the two slaves starting in a 69. I lowered my hands to Anya’s ass, started to stroke her already wet (From the licking Chloe had given) pussy and ass hole. 

As I inserted the last of the butt plugs (and certainly the biggest) in to my girl friend’s ass, she was the only one who moaned, without any grunts or signs that it hurt in any way. She was tight, but she had had my cock up her ass so many times, sticking anything up there was just a casual occurrence. 

I pulled the butt plug out, and then reinserted it. Anya gasped and bent over, head butting me in the chest. I caught her as we fell, and started to lightly slap her pussy as she came, pussy juice cascading on to my hand and making each spank louder then the last. 

As Anya’s orgasm subsided, we made our way to the house without any more distractions. Of course, sometimes I would grope a feel of the girl’s boobs, pull a butt plug out, stroke a pussy, or lead someone by their nipples. But for the most part it went smoothly. 

As we went in to the house, we went straight to the kitchen to get some refreshments. There was some cool white wine in the fridge, and Anya went down to the cellar to get some red (But she came back with some spirits too). Whilst we were waiting for Anya to come back, I entertained myself by telling Chloe to suck my balls, whilst I sat on a stool, kissing Sarah and fondling her boobs. Chloe started to lick up my shaft, giving a rather sloppy blow job. As she got to the head, my cock was enveloped by her hot mouth. I was about to come so I quickly pushed her head off. Chloe looked up at me and I explained. 

“I wanna save a huge load I can blow over your face,” 

“Mmmm… Sounds good to me,” Sarah said as we kissed. 

Anya came back, she and Chloe had the wine, whilst Sarah chose rum. Chloe had stopped sucking my balls to drink the wine. As Anya took a second mouthful of wine, she engulfed my balls, coating them with wine. As Anya would coat my balls with wine, Chloe would suck it off, turning me on even more. With the rapid temperature change, cellar-cold wine, together with hot mouth, I was sure I was going to come right then. Sarah in the meantime was on her second shot of rum. But this time instead of drinking it, she threw it on her tits, threw a leg over me and offered her tits to my mouth. I licked the rum off and then poured some more on Sarah, managing to get some of it in her mouth as well. 

The cool rum was dribbling down to where Sarah had her pussy pressed up to my stomach. I thought it was my tit-licking that induced an orgasm from this red haired native, but as Anya was using my balls to share her wine with Chloe, she was also pumping the butt plug in out of Sarah’s ass. Her pussy juices gushed out, changing my cold stomach to a very hot and slippery one, causing shivers to run down my spine. Chloe and Anya started to lick the pussy juices off my stomach, leaving my balls achingly cold.

As we made our way outside to the Jacuzzi, Anya set the water temperature on high, making our cold, sweat covered, naked skin tingle with the swift temperature change. I wrapped my arms round the slaves, and brought them in to a three-way kiss that quickly became a four way with Anya joining in. Chloe was directly ahead of me, and I needed some pussy. I took out Anya and Sarah’s butt plugs and put them on the edge. I started to finger their asses, the hot water making it so I needed no lubrication. 

As we kissed in a four-way, I moved so Chloe was pushed up against the wall of the Jacuzzi. I spread her legs wider with my legs and pushed up against her body. I could feel her hot, wet, breasts pushing up against my chest, her hard nipples sticking in to me as she moaned. I entered her pussy with my cock, the first pussy I had been in since Jo. She was exquisite, her pussy was very tight, but a joy to thrust in and out of, she was so slick. The butt plug was making her pussy even tighter and teasing my head as I pushed in to her hot honey pot. Chloe gasped, I was sure she would have screamed, but I had taken her breathe away with my first thrust. I was sure I was going to come right then. 

I tried to divert my attention by kissing Sarah. Her mouth tasted of rum, and pussy juice, probably gotten off Anya. I removed my fingers, and reached for the butt plug. It was a lot easier to insert this time with the water acting like a lubricant. 

I was getting very close to coming. So to keep my promise to the slaves, I pulled out of Chloe and was rewarded with her mewing, and whimpering. I started to get out of the Jacuzzi, and was greeted by the cool air hitting my hard cock. Anya followed my lead, and walked in front of me. Her nipples were dangerously hard because of the cool air, they felt great rubbing against my chest as Anya brought her arms around my neck and pulled my head down for a kiss. As we kissed I grabbed her ass, which reminded me that she had an ass plug up there, as I grazed it whilst pulling her ass cheeks apart and feeling her soft wet skin. I reached for the glass pleasure giver, and pulled it out ever so slightly, just so her ass hole was stretched and reinserted it. As I did this she broke our kiss, and whispered in my ear. 

“Fuck my cunt please. I haven’t had a cock inside me for ages, you fucked my ass the last two times… Please fuck my wet cunt this time.” Anya begged.

“We’ll do it on the couch in the lounge. I’ll use you for lube, and fuck the natives asses before coming on their faces.” I assured her. I then added in a louder voice as I walked up to Chloe, and groped her boobs “Do you hear that slaves? Time for an ass fuck, I hope your ready,” 

“Of course we’re ready sire. Please do mine first,” Sarah asked. 

“Be happy to my little honey bun,” Anya’s laugh was cut short as I slapped her ass and slipped a finger in her wet pussy through her legs. 

Anya moaned and once again bent over, rewarding me with an opportunity to fuck her doggy style. I took this chance to thrust my cock up her pussy in one swift movement. As Anya screamed in her first orgasm, I picked her up by her firm thighs, and carried her over to the couch in the lounge. Every step I took I would thrust deeper in to her tight, wet pussy, inducing more moans from this little bi-sexual slut. 

As I lowered us in to the black, one-seated leather chair, I spread her legs wide with my knees. This gave the slaves access to my balls and Anya’s cunt. I just relaxed in the chair whilst Anya ground her pussy on my cock, hardly thrusting up and down, but rather moving in my lap so my cock swam in her pussy. 

“Slaves! Come here and make yourselves… Ungh… Oh fuck Anya baby… And come... Oh fuck yeah… Here. Oh Anya! Chloe suck my balls. Sarah, do Anya a favour and lick her clit. The sooner you… Ungh… Get Anya off the sooner I… Oh fuck… Yeah, fuck your ass,” I managed to say between moans. 

The slaves shuffled forward with their asses in the air. Chloe sucked my balls silently, whilst Sarah tried to get Anya off. 

“Oh please Sarah honey… Lick my cunt. Make me come… Ungh!” Anya uttered. 

Chloe’s tongue felt like magic on my balls and cock. She sucking both balls in her mouth and then licked up my cock, stealing a taste of Anya’s clit whilst teaming up with Sarah. I reached up and pinched Anya’s nipples to quicken her orgasm, this obviously worked as Anya started to scream loudly. I knew she was coming when I felt my cock and balls get soaked in pussy juice that was a lot hotter then Chloe’s mouth. 

As soon as Anya’s orgasm died she collapsed on to of me out of exhaustion. I rolled her off and lay her on the chair, popping the butt plug out of her ass, as she made an involuntary moan. 

I ordered the slaves to turn around. They did, while keeping their perky little butts high in the air. I kept my promise by lining my soaking wet, and very slippery cock, up with Sarah’s ass hole. With two swift movements Sarah’s butt plug was replaced with my hard cock. She screamed. 

“OH… FUCK… ME…” 

I stayed in her partially widened (From the plug) ass hole so she could get used to my length. As her scream dissipated in to whimpers I started to thrust in to her tight ass hole, picking up a vibrator and ramming it in to her pussy. I could feel the vibrations travel down my cock in to my balls, I knew I was about to come. I guess it would just be a quickie with Chloe before I blew my hot load on the native-slave’s pretty little faces. 

I pulled out of Sarah’s ass, making her grunt, and pulled the butt plug out of Chloe’s ass. Chloe had no time to react as I forced my cock in to her butt, making her come instantly. She tightened the muscles in her ass, keeping my cock from erupting in her ass. As her orgasm subsided, I pulled out of her ass. This movement made me orgasm. I quickly told the girls to turn around and receive their prize. 

They both hopped round, keeping their ass cheeks spread by keeping their asses high in the air. As I laid eyes on their pretty faces I could not wait to blow my load over them. 

“Open wide my native slave whores,” I ordered. 

They obeyed without question. I thrust my cock first in to Chloe’s mouth and then in to Sarah’s. The feeling of their hot mouths around my cock was the final straw. My cock exploded with come, covering their faces with my seed. I shot some on their tits and some in their mouths. I was on my 7th rope when I inserted my cock in to Sarah’s mouth, spraying my come over her tongue and down her throat. I then moved to Chloe, who was waiting patiently to receive her load. I grabbed her head and started to fuck her mouth. Spewing the rest of my hot cream in her mouth. When her mouth was full, I pulled her head hard down on my cock, blowing my come down her throat. 

I had finished my second load of the evening. By the way my balls were aching, I didn’t think I was going to be able to manage another. I lay next to the collapsed Anya, and watched the slaves feast on my come whilst I pinched, mauled, sucked, and licked my girlfriend’s boobs. When the natives were finished I lifted Anya up in my arms and carried her to our bedroom. The natives followed me. I fell asleep with a slave in each arm and Anya on my chest. Before I fell asleep I pulled the vibrator, that was still going strong out, of Sarah’s cunt, dipping it in her ass before turning it off, and throwing it to the other side of the room.
