 Author's Note: This is a work of fiction and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental. This is just a fantasy. The material in this story is for adults only and contains graphic sexual content. It is intended only for those aged 18 and older.

*****

My name is Danny Dunbar. I've been married to my beautiful wife Sue for fifteen years. I'm 5' 10" and 175 lbs and in pretty good physical shape. I exercise three times a week. My percentage of body fat is around 5% which makes me fairly muscular. My wife Sue is a striking 5' 9" 120 lb woman with a reddish auburn hair color. That's her real hair color. I'd call it maroon. Her figure is 38C-24-36. She also exercises three times a week with me and looks very hot. She's got some muscles too.

Since we have no kids and marriage sex had become a bit boring, ten years into our marriage we decided we needed to spice up our love life. We started to fulfill some of our fantasies. We've done all the things that we could without other people involved in the past five years. A lot of outside sex and some other, what I call dangerous sex, out in public. Now we need to think about adding other people. One of Sue's friends had been swinging for years. Sue asks, "Honey, what do you think about us joining the swinging scene?" 

"I think I'd be jealous if a saw you with another man."

"Why honey, I'm never going to leave you? I love you more now than when we were married. It's just recreational sex meaning nothing."

I says, "Well, let me think about it a while."

Sue says, "Well, we both have sexual fantasies that we haven't completed and the ones we are left with now require other people."

I thought a while and say, "Well, I know now we are going to have to add more people. For myself, I always wanted a two girl threesome and I always wanted to try anal sex. I'd still love to have sex in strange places, outdoors especially. Going on a picnic and then getting naked and fucking our brains out in the great outdoors is really fun to me." Sue and I love to picnic in the woods and then fuck each other. We've been doing that for five years now.

"Anal sex? Really? Fucking or receiving in the butt, honey."

I laughed and say, "Fucking, my dear. I have no desire to have another man's cock anywhere near me."

"I've always wanted to participate in an orgy, I mean a big orgy. I always thought it would be fun to be fucking while others are fucking and licking each other around me, or us. I've always wanted to try a gangbang also. With no less than three men doing me. Lesbian sex is another thing I've always wanted to try. All require more people, well except anal sex.

"Wow! You've thought about this a lot, haven't you?"

"I guess. This was mainly when I was attending West Virginia University. It's definitely one of the top party colleges and everyone is fucking everyone else. I told you before that I had over fifteen lovers in college. I've been in a dorm room with two other couples who were fucking while my boyfriend and I were. I'd like to be in an orgy that was like wall to wall naked bodies though."

"Yeah, I remember your past history." I didn't go to a party school so I didn't have very much experience prior to marriage. I've had sex with only three women including my wife. They all were very long relationships. I'm a little jealous of Sue's experience. I wish I'd have known her back then.

"Anyway, you know that Bethany was my roommate and she was probably the number one party girl at the #1 party school. I bet she fucked over a couple hundred guys in four years of college. She had a new guy every weekend it seemed. I know she's into the swinging scene now too. Her ex-husband didn't want anything to do with sharing her but now that she's divorced, she's back at it hard again. She's a very sexually free woman and I'm sure she wouldn't mind joining us for a threesome and even some lesbian sex with me."

"Did you two do anything sexually in college, being roommates and all?"

"You'd think we would have tried something but the only thing we did one time is cuddle naked under the covers on my bed. No real sex at all, although I wanted to. We just fondled each other a little. I was still pretty shy then especially about doing anything with a girl and just couldn't ask her if she wanted to go further."

"You think she'd want to do that with you now?"

"I'm sure about it. She told me last week that she has had sex with several women now and likes it."

"Okay, babe. Give her a call and see if she wants to fulfill our sexual fantasies and break us into the swinging scene."

"Okay honey, thank you so much." She French kissed me and then clapped and jumped up and down.

The next day she called Bethany while I was at work and she told me Bethany was surprised we wanted to try all that. Sue said, "Bethany wanted to know if I'd always wanted to try sex with a woman. I told her what I told you last night. Now Bethany is excited to get in my pants and also can't wait to get fucked good by you, babe." They setup a date for next Saturday. 

*********************************

It's Saturday and I'm very nervous. Although I've had sex with exactly three women including my wife, she says I'm pretty good. She usually has three to four orgasms during our love making. I love going down on her and she loves it too. But Bethany has had hundreds of men. I just hope I'm good enough for her.

The date is set for 8 pm. Sue and I are showered and ready. We are sitting in the living room. I ask her if she's nervous. She smiles and says, "A little, I'm about to do something I've never done before...eat a pussy. It's kind of scary."

That makes me feel better. She says, "Are you nervous, honey?"

"Yes, very."

"Why?"

"Because Bethany is so much more experienced than both of us. I'm worried I won't be good enough for her."

She chuckles and says, "You are the best lover I ever had. You'll do fine. I never had a man who is so attentive to my needs as you are." Wow! That makes me feel good.

"I hope I can satisfy her." She kisses me with lots of tongue.

Then she says, "You'll have no problems, honey."

At a few minutes before 8 pm, Bethany is at the door. Sue lets her in and they both kiss each other long and deep. Wow! Kind of hot. Bethany is a blonde who is basically the same size as Sue in all body measurements. She's not as muscular as Sue though. They both come and sit down on the couch on either side of me. Bethany kisses my right cheek and I look at her. She then grabs my face and plants a French kiss on me. We kiss for quite a while exploring each others mouths. I smile at her when we break the kiss. That was pretty hot. We have a bottle of wine on the coffee table. I open it and pour each of us a drink. The ladies sip on theirs, I drink mine right down and pour another.

Sue smiles at Bethany and says, "Danny is a bit worried about pleasing you because of your experience."

Bethany says, "Really? Don't worry about it Danny. You'll be fine. If you can get this woman off, you will do okay with me."

I'm still nervous. Bethany looks at Sue and says, "Sue, are you a little nervous?"

"Just a little, Bethany. I've never eaten a pussy before."

"You will do fine too. Danny goes down on you and gets you off, right?"

"Of course. He's really good at it."

"Well, just do what he does to you. If you do that there will be no problem."

After we finish the bottle of wine, Bethany stands and strips. I'm looking at her and she's very hot. I love her little blonde landing strip. She walks over to Sue and pulls her up and they lock lips again. Bethany starts to undress Sue. Damn, this is getting hot. Soon I've got two very hot, naked women kissing in front of me. My penis is straining to get out. Bethany grabs Sue's hand and they start to walk toward our bedroom. "Come on, Danny, after we get each other off you can jump in and start to use that boner I see in your pants."

I blush and Sue giggles. I hustle after them and start to lose my clothes. 

Bethany and Sue get into a '69' and bring each other off twice. I now love to watch lesbian sex, live anyway. I join in after that and begin to fuck Sue who is on top. 

After Sue cums again, she tells Bethany to roll over. Now Bethany is on top. I join Sue in eating her pussy and rimming her asshole before I begin to fuck Bethany. I manage to last for nearly fifteen minutes before I lose it in the condom I have on. Bethany had three orgasms while I was in that juicy but a little loose pussy. When she praises me, Sue smiles and kisses me. Bethany French kisses me and thanks me. I collapse on the bed, all fucked out...for now.

We all rest a while and within a half hour, Bethany starts to play with my cock and it gets hard pretty quickly. I'm surprised because my body is telling me it's time to sleep. She suggests I lay down and Sue and her will "use" me and take turns on my cock and face. Well, what the hell, sounds like fun to me. I scoot down to the middle of the bed so the woman on my face will have room. Bethany can't wait to sit on my hard cock again. She slips it into her and sighs. I'm not real big but I'm above average, around 7 inches. She seems to like it. 

My hot wife Sue sits down on my face facing the headboard. I decide to slip a finger into her ass. I go for the thumb since it's more comfortable. She lets out a loud moan. Bethany notices and says, "Danny, I'm going to turn around and I want your other thumb in my ass." I smile and she turns around. She moans loudly as I slip my left thumb into her ass. "Oh, yeah, baby. That feels wonderful."

Bethany is working hard on my cock and there's a low growl now coming out of her. Sue has stopped moving. Her clit is right over my mouth so I suck it in and begin to flick my tongue over it. She squeals. Her clit is very prominent and easy to get too. I love to do this for her and she can't get enough. She's moaning loudly in no time. I love being used like this. I'm not going to have a problem with lasting because I just came less than an hour ago. Also, I'm not concentrating on what Bethany is doing but on my wife's hard little nub.

Within minutes both ladies scream, arch their backs and Bethany's pussy muscles clamp down on me. I'm going to be fine though. She's not real tight even with her muscles tightened. She nearly stops moving as the ecstasy makes her shake all over but soon she's back at it and slamming my cock into her as fast as she can. Sue joins her seconds later. I'm in heaven. I love this. 

They both come two more times and Sue collapses and crawls slowly off of me. Bethany is a fucking machine. On her fifth orgasm, she must pass out. She's collapsed on my legs and is breathing very hard. I look over at Sue and she smiles and shakes her head. Bethany comes around, turns around and kisses me. "You didn't cum, did you Danny?"

"No, Bethany, I didn't but I was pretty close before you passed out."

She looks at Sue and says, "Sue, sweetie, do you mind if I suck him off. You are a lucky woman. This man is something and I want his cum in my mouth."

"Go for it, honey." Bethany gets off of me and pulls the condom off. She begins to deep-throat me which is a real surprise. Sue can't do that because her gag reflex is very sensitive. Anything that gets into her mouth more than an inch or so starts her gagging. I'm laying back really enjoying Bethany's skills. She's also playing with my balls.

A couple of minutes later, I tense and begin to shoot cum into her mouth. She swallows it all and smiles at me. She bends over and French kisses me. "Danny, you are wonderful!! I'm so jealous of my best friend." That makes me feel great. I look at Sue and she smiles a big smile at me, then throws me a kiss. She looks really tired.

Bethany lays down on my right side and Sue soon comes over and cuddles up to my left side. We're all pretty quiet. 

Bethany says, "I'm so glad you asked me to do this. I hope this is not the only time either. I'd love to do this regularly." Sue and I are quiet. I'd love to do this many more times but I want to hear what Sue says.

After a couple of minutes of thinking, Sue says, "I think we can do this again. I did get a little jealous of you after I got off Danny's face. Watching you fuck him, really got me worrying."

Bethany says, "There's nothing to worry about Sue. I love you. I'd never try to upset what you have here with Danny. Besides I've decided that marriage is not for me and neither is being with one guy. I will never marry again...unless I find a hot billionaire or something. Then I'd consider it. And I plan on using as many hard cocks as I can before I get too old to do it." Sue and I laugh.

I say, "And you know I'd never leave you, honey. We're soul mates. I'd be lost without you."

"I know. I'm just being silly. You said you would be jealous of me with another man but I never expected to feel the same way about you fucking Bethany."

"Just remember, baby, there is nothing emotional about this. It's just sex. I'm in love with you and always will be."

She bends down and kisses me long and deep with plenty of tongue.

Bethany says, "How does once a month sound for another threesome? I loved going down on you, Sue. I really wish we would have started that in college. I love you and probably always have, probably more than a sister."

Sue smiles and says, "I've always loved you too and maybe more than a sister. I always looked up to you." She hesitates for a while then says, "Yes, I think once a month will be fine. We want to be introduced to your swinger friends too."

"Oh, that's no problem. We've got a scheduled orgy in less than two weeks; they're always on Fridays. It's a great stress reliever after a hard work week. It will be fun and you'll love everyone. Everyone is hot and I haven't met anyone who is not a good fuck."

**************************************

Almost two weeks later, we go with Bethany to an orgy. Sue and I both confess that we are very nervous. Bethany tells us that we don't have to get with another couple tonight if we don't want to. Sue says, "Well, maybe we will just have sex together with everyone else fucking and sucking each other all around us. I've always wanted to do that."

We walk into the locker room and get naked. Sue and I have towels around us but good old Bethany is only wearing a smile. She looks very tasty and I see Sue agrees. I smile as Sue looks her up and down and then licks her lips. Out in the main room, we settle in on a gym mat. Bethany goes and finds another couple. We cuddle in together and watch. Couples start to come over and introduce themselves to us. Everyone looks great. There are a few men and women that are a little overweight but nobody is obese. Plus everyone looks good.

It's very enjoyable to make love to Sue with so many other writhing bodies around us. It's not wall to wall bodies like Sue was hoping for but there are at least twenty couples going at it. The sights and sounds of fucking really heightens the experience as does the heavy dose of pheromones in the air. Looks like Bethany is really having fun too.

When we get home and kiss Bethany good night, Sue and I discuss the evening.

I say, "So, honey, what do you think?"

She smiles and says, "I enjoyed it. It was like being in a porn movie without the lights and cameras. Very hot."

I say, "I know. It sure kept my level of sexual excitement very high all night long. I loved it. So, think we can swap with another couple?"

She says, "Well, I guess we can. There were some pretty good looking people there. Most of the men were pretty hot. Not as hot as my husband, but not bad. But I want to be in the same room with you."

I French kiss her long and hard. She lets out a long sigh when we break the kiss. "So what did you think of the women there?"

"Not bad. Most of them would be acceptable if we decided to swap. I could care less if the woman might have a little spare tire. I thought 90% were pretty hot. Did you see the BBW that had the model's face? She was very sexy even though 30lbs overweight."

"Yeah, I saw her. Okay, let's do it the next time we're there."

"Okay." 

**************************************

Ten days later we have another threesome with Bethany. It's great again. She sure is good especially that ability to deep-throat. We tell her that we are ready for a full swap with another couple at the next party. She's thrilled.

**************************************

Four days later, we are back at the orgy house and getting naked. Bethany asked us to be ready a half hour early this week. Sue and I are very nervous. Bethany tells me we are early enough tonight to join the little meet and greet they have before the orgy. She says that is a great time to look everyone over and invite another couple to join us. We enter the meet and greet and grab a drink. Sue and I are looking around. I say, "Honey, you choose a man. I'm fine with the guy's wife no matter what she looks like."

She looks at me and says, "Really, honey. I'm surprised."

I say, "Well, recreational sex is no big deal and I don't mind how the woman looks as long as she isn't some sort of troll or something." She laughs.

We walk around meeting people and Sue whispers in my ear, "How about his couple, honey? Is she okay?"

The guy is really handsome and his wife isn't bad. She's got a little spare tire but she has a very beautiful face. "Yes, she's fine. Let's introduce ourselves and see if they want to swap with us."

We walk over and say hi. I say, "My name is Danny Dunbar and this is my wife Sue. We were wondering if you'd like to do a full swap with us tonight. It's our first one."

The guy takes one look at Sue and says, "Oh, yes. We'd love that and we are honored to be your first. Right, Sheila?"

Sheila looks at me and says, "Yes, of course."

The guy says, "Hi, I'm Joey Falone and this is my wife Sheila. We'd love to get with you both."

After we all finished our drinks, I ask them to join us in the orgy room. We all walk in and take a spot on a gym mat. He joins Sue and I sit by Sheila. We all start to chat. Sheila is beautiful. She's Italian, has olive skin and has almost black hair so I'm thinking her family probably came from south Italy or Sicily. She has a nice figure except for that little spare tire which I can live with. They both have built in tans. 

Once everyone starts to get down, we start to loose our towels and get to it too. When we are naked, Shiela and I both look each other over. She's got great tits but her bush looks like it's never been trimmed. It might be hard to find that pussy. Otherwise, I like what I see. I grab her and give her a long French kiss. She's running her hands all over my body and soon finds my growing cock. She starts to stroke it. When we break the kiss I tell her she's beautiful. She smiles and thanks me.

I look over at Sue and they are getting busy too. Sue is stroking him. He appears to be about the same size as me. Sue looks over, sees me looking and throws me a kiss. I smile at her, surprised I'm not very jealous at all. Now down to business. I lay Sheila down and begin to kiss down her body. I stop at those gorgeous tits to suck and nibble at her large nipples. She starts to moan and then I slip my hand down to her bush and start to rub down there.

I soon lean up and French kiss her again. I say, "I love your breasts, Sheila, nipples too." She smiles at me and I go back to pleasuring those nipples. I soon continue to kiss down her body and soon arrived at the heavy bush. She raises her legs and I see her pussy lips pushing out of the bush. I make a b-line to those lips and begin to lick them. She's moaning loudly now.

I spread her pussy apart so I can find some other goodies to lick. I slip my tongue along her slit and she squeals. I begin to tongue fuck her vagina and she starts to move her ass around. Her pussy doesn't taste as good as my wife's but it's not too bad. I slip a couple of fingers into her, start to finger-fuck her and then start to tease her clit which is pretty big. Looks like over half inch long. She squeals again. I continue to finger fuck her, rubbing my finger tips over the area behind her clit. She's got her hands in my hair pulling me closer. 
