 It's funny when you live in an apartment building in New York city you began to see the same people at different points in their life. There are the early morning commuters who are driven in their careers, racing to the gym to start their days. There are the partiers who usually enter and exit the building either late at night when they are heading out to the clubs or early in the morning when returning from them. Then there are the stay at homes who have kids or who work out of their apartments as day traders or writers. Like me they live life on their terms and by their rules.

I usually meet them while riding the elevators in the middle of the day while taking a break from my work to go out for a run or a sprint at the gym. That's how it was when I first met Alyssa and Robert. I was in my workout gear - shorts and a T - returning from a morning run, panting and sweaty. They were returning from getting their morning paper in robes. We laughed about our casualness and at the day-breakers as they called them. You know, the people who went to an office.

Our conversation was light and bright and focused on how we all loved the flexibility of our days, able to do whatever we wanted, as long as it didn't get in the way of our work. The three of us were on the same path it seemed, that rare mix of drive tempered with a freestyle sense of living.

Their apartment was on the top floor and as I exited they asked if I wanted to come up for a cup of coffee. I said, "why not? Let me just grab a quick shower and change out of my clothes." It's funny because I thought I heard Alyssa say "oh, don't bother. I doubt you'll be in them long." My floor pinged and the doors opened, and the three of us froze. It was one of those moments, a cross road in the day.

Robert reached his hand out to stop me from exiting and said simply, "We're more of a come as you are kind of couple."

I smiled not really understanding where it was going, but I was willing to go with them no matter where it led.

Sure enough the door to their apartment opening into a sun-filled penthouse, well appointed in mid-century modern furniture, with a sliding glass door that in turn opened onto a rooftop deck.

I couldn't help but think "these people are doing pretty well for stay-at-homes. Robert excused himself to make us some coffee as Alyssa sat herself down a chic couch and smiled at me.

"Jay, please make yourself at home. If you'd like there is a shower just through those doors," as she crossed her legs letting the opening of her robe fall open to reveal her knees and lower thighs. I couldn't help buy let my eyes jump down to her tanned flesh.

I shook my head, no and thanked her all the same.

"It's okay, Roberts probably already taking one. He's probably forgotten all about our lattes."

I managed a smile and a laugh at her inside joke.

Robert hadn't gotten back yet, so we made some small talk about the building, and the city. Turns out they were both real estate brokers for a high-end firm, "It's why we need to keep our home nice, but we're really very casual people. Neither of us can stand pretenses to be honest." 

I nodded as Robert came around the corner with two lattes, wet hair, and a towel tucked around his waist.

"Sorry for the delay, but I jumped in for a quick shower," he said. It was less an apology as it was just a simple fact. Alyssa and I could both see what was a very nice package changing his towel into a well endowed horizontal tent.

Alyssa laughed and admonished Robert, "Robert, you're embarrassing our guest. To which Robert parried' "Oh I'm sorry, did you not want a latte?"

I laughed it off and told them both not to worry, "I often tent out after a morning workout."

Alyssa just smiled, "I never worry. I just like to watch."

I realized Robert had come up behind me. I could feel his presence and froze before he actually touched me. I felt his hands on my shoulders giving me a few squeezes in a poor excuse for a massage. My mind jumped just a little as his hands passed over my shoulders and down to my chest, landing with two fingers on each nipple.

I could also feel his tented cock press into my right cheek. Alyssa just kept smiling at me, catching and holding my eyes as Robert's hand drifted down past my abs and beneath the waist band of my shorts.

I don't know if he knew how sensitive my nipples are, but his fingers touching, flicking and squeezing them was only outdone when he came up under my arms to start licking and gently biting them as his hand began to massage my cock and balls.

I could feel his hard-on press into my backside as I pressed back into him. And yes, there was Alyssa watching us get it on with a big smile on her face, rubbing slow circles into her pussy.

Her eyes began to glaze over as Robert helped me step out of my shorts while stroking my cock, bending around to slide his lips around it, dropping to his knees and taking me deeply into his mouth and throat.

I almost came then and there as he slid my entire endowment down his throat without bottoming out. His mouth quickly dipped to my balls pausing only to lick and spit on that wonderfully sensitive spot just below my sac. I could feel his saliva lubricating every fold and crease, as he began to spread that delicious lubrication all over my cock, my balls, and my ass. His fingers left light scratches up and down my thighs until I felt the flat of his hand spank my inner thighs, my ass, my outer thighs. With every spank I watched as Alyssa's eyes lit up and her hand work itself into her pussy a little deeper.

I let out a low moan as Robert spit on my ass and then slid his tongue into me. At first he licked around the wrinkles of my anus, with each lap pushing deeper and deeper into me until I felt his finger slide up and inside of my ass.

He bent me over until my mouth was just at Alyssa's wet pussy. He continued to pump my ass with his finger, first one and then two. I looked up and into Alyssa's eyes, she was smiling at Robert as he rimmed and fingered me deeply. There I was getting spit roasted by the couple I just met in the elevator not even an hour before. I smiled, my lips wet like a glazed doughnut as I licked and sucked on her clit.

I felt myself being turned around, my wet and waiting lips passing over his glorious penis as I felt her spit on my ass to lubricate it for her fingers. I felt her rub my opening and massage its puckered hole gently as she pushed in firmly. I also felt his glorious 8 inches softly glide by my lips. I opened my mouth taking as much in as I wrapped my lips around him. I played with the tip of his mushroomed head, my tongue sliding across the slit of his dick before encircling his head and drawing back until his moans were loud and clear. My fingers played with his balls and pressed on that spot just below his sac. I dove once more, trying to take all of him in. I felt his hands on the back of my head pushing me further down until I could feel his pubic hair tickle my nose. His cock buried deep into my throat as I relaxed and enjoyed the feeling of him filling me.

My eyes closed for I don't know how long. I drifted into a beautiful place of being used on both ends, happily I felt an up-swell of pleasure knowing I was giving them pleasure. I licked and savored his balls, leaving them wet with my spit before bringing all that saliva up along his dick and pulling a string of it out to my tongue. I slurped my own spit back into my mouth as I dove back onto his shaft, this time imitating a pussy being fucked only halfway in quick, short bursts.

Perhaps he thought he was doing me a favor by pulling out of my mouth because I felt his hot cum land on my back. It was such a turn-on that I almost came, but what was even more erotic was feeling Alyssa's fingers massaging it into my skin.

When I woke up they were sitting on the couch, finishing their coffee.

"Good morning Jay. It's nice to have you back with the living," Robert smiled.

"You are such a delicious cunt. You really are you know," said Alyssa."

I could only smile and stammer.

Alyssa came over and kissed me on my lips. Robert gave me a firm slap on my ass. I was still spinning. I mean how often does this happen? My brain was still trying to wrap itself around this.

After some post-threesome teasing we all hugged at the door and winked our goodbyes, agreeing on having to do it all again.

And we did...