 After graduation from college, I continued to live in the same apartment complex. It is made up of several buildings, all three floors with twenty four apartments per building. I continued living there because I had gotten a job locally right out of college and the rent was cheap. Since I'm single, I saw no reason to move out, especially since a lot of college girls live there during the school year. 

Holly is one of my neighbors, although I hadn't gotten to know her till recently. She is one of the few people that lives here that isn't in college or recently graduated, as she is probably in her late thirties or early forties. Holly is attractive with dark hair, brown eyes and a decent body. Her breasts are on the large side, but she also has a bit extra weight around her middle. I don't really know her all that well, as I only see her once in a while if we happen to pass each other coming or going. 

Holly actually lives in the apartment across from mine on the third floor and I had never seen anyone else go into or leave her place, but that wasn't unusual since she worked a normal job and I was in school. Most Friday and Saturday nights I was out late and slept in most weekends, so it is possible that she had company, but I never crossed paths with them.

The complex has a nice pool and its own laundry room, but I had never seen her at either place. I had met many of the other tenants over the two years I'd already lived here and had the opportunity to become friends with some of them. Most of the permanent residents stayed away from the college students.

My first real conversation with Holly occurred one weekend in the laundry room. That Friday night I had met this really cute girl at a party thrown by a friend of a friend. It had just turned spring and the weather warmed up nicely so most of the girls were showing off bodies that had been hidden by their bulky winter clothing.

This particular girl was about five three or five four and was very petite with small perky breasts. She wore one of those shirts that ties in a knot just below her breasts and showed off her well toned abs. The shorts were cut-off jeans that hugged her ass nicely and she wore boots that came to just below her knees and had three inch heels.

After talking to her for a while and getting the feeling she was interested, I invited her outside so we could get away from the music and actually talk a little. It was also quite stuffy inside and we both had a sheen of sweat, although on her, it looked like she was glowing. We found a quiet little spot away from most of the noise and spoke for a while. I asked her all the normal questions about school and found out she was a junior and had just turned twenty one last month. She actually showed me her school id to prove it when I doubted her.

I slid closer to her, pretending I still couldn't hear her and she didn't back away. I took a chance and leaned in for a kiss and was happy to feel her soft lips against mine. After kissing for a few minutes I wanted to see how far I could get and moved my hand up her side and cupped her breast. She let me play for a few minutes till we heard voices and she pulled my hand down to her lap, but held on to me. 

I pulled away from her and noticed her skin was again flushed, but not from the heat since it was cooling off outside. We hung out for a while, went back inside and danced before I invited her back to my place. She asked me where I lived and I told her, showing her my licence with the address. Without giving me an answer, she excused herself and went towards the bathroom. After waiting about fifteen minutes I thought I was getting blown off, but then saw her walking towards me.

She asked me for my phone, which I handed to her. She pulled off my number, put it into her phone, then walked away again. A few minutes later she returned and told me she'd go home with me. I asked her about what she'd done and she told me she gave my number to her friends. It's something they all did just in case something happened. I decided it was no big deal, but was also worried that something might happen to me, so I did the same thing with her number.

My apartment is only a few blocks from the party, so we walked back, talking and holding hands. Once we got back to my place, I wasted no time. I pulled her to me for a kiss and she responded. While we kissed, I untied the knot in her shirt and pulled it open to find that she wasn't wearing a bra. She shrugged the shirt off her shoulders and quickly removed my shirt. 

I lifter her up, still kissing and walked back to my bedroom. I dropped her onto my bed and pulled her boots off. She shimmied up the bed and I crawled after her. When I caught her we went back to kissing. My hands went right to her perky tits and she moaned as I squeezed the small mounds and pinched her nipples. They were quickly erect and pushing against my palms. 

Next I kissed my way down her neck and along her collar bone before moving to her breasts. The moment my tongue pressed against the long, hard nub she squealed and pulled my head tighter. 

"Oh fuck, I love having my tits sucked," she moaned loudly. "Oh that's it, suck my tits."

As I fed on her, my hand made its way further down till I found the button for her shorts. I quickly undid the button, lowered the zipper and pushed them down. She helped by lifting her ass up and then kicking them away. I moved my hand between her legs and felt the wet patch she was leaving in the crotch of her panties. 

I start out gently rubbing the material and she goes crazy, pulling my hair and pushing her hips against my hand. The entire time she was moaning and squealing. When I slipped my fingers under the soaked material and pressed my fingers into her pussy, she screamed. I felt a rush of liquid over my hands and she screamed again.

She finally pushed me away and lay on the bed panting. "Holy fuck that was amazing. I needed that so bad."

Once she recovered she started kissing me again. She pushed me till I was on my back and then kissed a trail down my chest and stomach till she got to my pants. Her hands made quick work of the button and zipper and I helped her get my pants and underwear off. When my cock appeared her eyes went wide and she smiled. 

"Just what I was hoping for," she cooed. I'm a bit bigger than average length and girth and most girls like my size as it's not too big for them. She quickly started to give me a sloppy blowjob, obviously having difficulty using her mouth, but she was enthusiastic. Even though it was sloppy, it still felt good. 

I reached over and pulled her hips around so that we were in the sixty-nine position and I went to work on her pussy. I began by lightly probing her pussy with my tongue, getting a quick taste before I went to work. I found her juices slightly tangy, but not unpleasant. With her pussy so close, I took a quick look at what I had to work with. Her outer lips were swollen and very wet and her clit was already exposed. 

I gently licked around the outer lips before plunging my tongue into her. This caused her to moan which sent vibrations down my cock. As I worked my tongue around her pussy, her blowjob became more and more intense. The moment my tongue touched her clit, another rush of liquid poured over my face and she screamed again. Thankfully, she moved her mouth away from my cock. Her hips pushed down over my face and I continued to lick her pussy and clit till she rolled off of me. 

Her chest rose and fell as she tried to catch her breath after her most recent orgasm. I was rock hard and desperate to get off, but I didn't want to hurt her, so I waited for her to recover. It didn't take long before she moved over me again, this time her pussy perched just above my cock. She reached between her legs, grabbed my cock and slowly lowered herself down. Her pussy was incredibly tight, but with all the lubrication, she didn't have any trouble lowering herself. 

When I was fully embedded in her she paused and leaned down to kiss me. We kiss for a while before she begins to rock her hips. Before we get going I stop her and she looks at me slightly startled.

"Should I get a condom?"

"Oh fuck, yes." She kisses me hard on my lips. She slowly rises off of me and I reach into my side drawer where I grab one from the box. "I'm glad to see you're prepared."

I smile and ask, "Would you prefer ribbed or regular?"

"Ribbed is good."

I quickly pull the rubber on and she again mounts me. It's a bit slower since the rubber isn't as slick.

"I really hate rubbers, but I don't know you. Thanks for asking."

"Your welcome. I hate them too."

Once she gets adjusted to the rubber, she begins to move her hips faster and is soon slamming her hips down. "Your cock feels so fucking good. I love the way it's splitting me apart."

"That's it, fuck me good. Ride my fucking cock."

"You like this? You like being inside of my tight little pussy?"

"You know I do. I bet your little pussy loves getting fucked." I reach around her and grab her ass.

"Squeeze my ass. Force me down on your cock. Fill me up." Her pitch gets a higher as she continues to ride me.

I grab each cheek, squeeze and pull her down even further. "Is that what you like?"

"Yeah, that's it. Force your cock deeper. OH, FUCK," she screams when I thrust my hips up. We continue to fuck like this till I flip her over and begin to drive my hips into her. "That's it. Fuck me hard. Fuck my tight little pussy hard."

I push her legs back and pin them to her chest and begin to really pound her. Her pussy is spread wide and she begins to shake and scream again. Even through the rubber I can feel the heat of her pussy. "Tell me how much you like getting fucked."

"Oh, I love fucking. Fuck me harder. Pound my fucking pussy."

"That's it. Take my cock you fucking little slut."

"Yeah, I am a fucking slut. Come on. Fuck my slutty little pussy."

I sit up straighter and really begin to pump into her. Her words are incoherent as I drive my cock into her harder and faster. The rubber is helping me last longer and I say my thanks that I've kept myself in shape.

Soon the rubber isn't any help and I feel my balls begin to tighten. "I'm going to cum you little slut. Cum with me. Come on." I reach forward and roughly grab her tits. Her head goes back and just as I feel my balls erupt she screams and cums. Her orgasm is intense and her whole body jerks as a jet of fluid erupts from her pussy and soaks my stomach. A second and third stream follow the first.

I'm a little shocked at first but still manage to fill the condom with a large load. I continue to thrust several more times till she kicks me away, her pussy too sensitive for me to continue. I fall back on my ass as I watch her body spasm several more times before she collapses on the bed. Exhausted but satisfied, I carefully walk to the bathroom and remove the condom over the toilet. I'm a bit amazed at how much I have filled it before dumping into the garbage pail.

When I get back to the room, she is laying in the same position, her legs spread wide, her chest rising and falling, a steady stream of liquid dripping from her pussy. When I climb back into bed she turns to look at me.

"That was amazing," she says with a smile. "I hope you don't expect a second round just yet, because I need a break."

She spent the night and the next morning we fucked again. Although a lot less intense, it was quite satisfying. After lunch I drove her home and we promised each other we'd get together again. 

That afternoon I went down to the laundry room and that's where I ran into Holly. She was wearing a loose t-shirt with a V cut out above her tits and tight shorts. It's really the first time I took a look at her. The shorts did not do a good job hiding her slightly large ass and thick thighs. Her tits, while large were saggy and I was pretty sure she wasn't wearing a bra.

She walked in while I was folding my first load and used a machine on the other side of the room after giving me a quick look. I took a seat and grabbed my tablet while I waited for my other load to finish. After Holly finished with her stuff, she came over and said, "Hey, you live across from me, don't you?"

"Yeah. I'm Billy,"

"Holly, nice to actually meet you."

"You too," I say as I take her hand.

About fifteen minutes went by before she spoke again. "You had quite the night last night, didn't you?"

I look up quickly and feel my face flush. "I'm sorry?"

"I was on the porch when you got home and I guess you have the windows open. Your friend was quite vocal."

"Oh shit," I moan quietly. "How much did you hear?"

"Quite a bit." I notice that her nipples are poking through the shirt. 

"I'm sorry. I hope I didn't disturb you."

"Not at all," she says with a grin. "It's the most action I've had in months."

Just then the buzzer goes off on my dryer and I quickly grab my stuff and head back to my place. I'm really kind of freaked out that Holly had said something but also realize that she probably got off on it. I smile as I think about her playing with herself while I had my own fun. 

As I'm putting my laundry away, I realize that I have a message and see that it is from Jenny, the girl from last night. She wants to get together again so I call her up and invite her to dinner. Afterwards we come back to my place where we try and duplicate last night. 

Jenny is on her hands and knees as I fuck her from behind. She is just as vocal as last night and I smile as I think about Holly listening to us. I reach forward, grab her hair and pull her head back. With my other hand on her hip, I slam myself against her which makes Jenny groan just before she has a screaming orgasm. Her clenching pussy squeezes my cock till I cum, filling the rubber with a huge load.

After I remove the rubber we lay together and talk for a while. Eventually, Jenny begins playing with my cock till I'm hard and she climbs on top of me. "Don't you want a rubber?"

"Are you clean?"

"Yes."

"I'm on the pill and sex is so much better when I can feel you cumming in me and not a rubber."

"You dirty little slut," I say playfully.

"You have no idea." She enthusiastically rides me through another orgasm before I flip her over and pound her pussy. Jenny is extremely vocal as she urges me to fill her pussy with a hot load of cum. She grabs her knees and pulls them to her chest. I reach forward and grab her tits and roughly fuck her pussy. I don't disappoint her as my orgasm fills her pussy. She groans as the hot fluid enters her pussy and this sets off another screaming orgasm. 

The next morning we have another round of intense sex before I take her home. Monday I see Holly in passing and she gives me the thumbs up. I see Jenny just about every weekend till the end of school. The weekend after finals we get together one last time before she heads home for the summer. Sadly she lives several hours away, but we decide to keep in touch. 

Saturday of that last weekend we get together for a nice dinner and walk around the campus before heading back to my apartment. On the way upstairs we pass Holly. She is wearing a tube top that barely holds in her tits, but also shows off her stomach. She smiles at me and quickly goes back into her apartment. 

"Is that your neighbor?" Jenny asks as we enter my apartment.

"Yeah."

"I thought only college students live her."

"There are a few people like her around. I don't really know any of them, but she's nice enough. I just don't know her story.

After that we don't waste time getting down to business. Jenny is once again on her hands and knees, head resting on a pillow with her ass waving at me. She is begging for me to fuck her hard and I have a hold of her hips as I plunge my cock into her waiting pussy. 

As I fuck her, I begin to play with her ass. A few times I've played with her asshole, but anytime I've tried to push into her she has stopped me. A small trickle of cum is leaking past my cock and I push some up to her ass. This time when I play with the rosebud, she doesn't push my finger away. 

As the outer rings loosens up, I push into my finger into her and she doesn't try to stop me. With a small smile I push harder and my finger is gripped by her ass. 

"Oh," she grunts and I stop pushing till I feel her relax. She is biting her lower lip and her eyes are closed. 

I start taking long, slow strokes with my cock as I push my finger into her ass and soon have it up to the second knuckle. Slowly I pull it out, then push it back in. By the fourth time, she is now pushing her ass against my finger. By the tenth stroke, my finger is moving easily in and out and Jenny is moaning quietly, no longer biting her lip.

I try a second finger and manage to get that into her as well, but slow down when I feel her tense up.

"Are you ok?" I ask her.

"Yes, just give me a second." I ever so slowly pull my fingers out as and push them back in, but only a little. I finally feel her relax and push into her deeper. Now I have two fingers moving in and out and her moaning gets louder. I try to push a third finger in, but she reaches back and grabs my hand.

"I want you to try your cock," she says. I just stare at her a moment, but waste no time pulling out of her pussy and pushing against her ass. "Hold on, slowly. I don't want you to rip me in half."

"Sorry, just a little eager." She smiles at me over her shoulder. This time I take it a little slower. When I push through the tight outer ring, Jenny moans and begs me to stop. I hold still as her ass becomes accustomed to the invasion. 

When I felt her begin to relax I push in deeper. Each time she tenses, I stop and wait for her to relax again. Eventually, my pelvis is pressed to her ass and I begin to pull out. We moved slowly as first till her ass loosened up. 

"Oh fuck meee," she groans as my pace quickens. "Fuck my ass. Come on baby, fuck it good." At her urging I picked up the pace till I was slamming into her. She got louder the longer we went but I didn't last much longer and blasted her ass with a hot load of cum. Feeling me cum pushed her over the edge and she joined me in orgasmic bliss. I'm sure her screams were heard all over the complex and her body jerked against mine till I slipped out. 

My head swam and I fell to the bed next to her. For several minutes we both lay there, Jenny occasionally jerking in small aftershocks. Finally able to breath, Jenny tells me how incredible it felt.

"I'm glad you let me try that. It was pretty amazing for me too." 

"I wanted our last night to be special. I'm pretty sure my ass is going to be sore tomorrow for the drive home, but damn it was worth it."

The next morning we had one more round of sex, although she kept me away from her ass. We hugged when I dropped her off and promised to keep in touch through the summer. She ran into her apartment before I drove away.

When I arrived home, Holly was down by the mailbox. When she saw me she gave me a wicked smile. "Some night, huh?" I just smiled and walked upstairs.

With Jenny gone and most of the residents of the apartment complex gone, I decided to lay low for a couple of weeks. One night I was hanging out on my balcony when I heard some noise from next door and realized it was coming from Holly's apartment.

"Oh fuck, that's it. Right there. Oh yeah," I heard. After that it was more moaning and groaning that went on for about fifteen minutes Part of me was disgusted thinking about some poor slob humping away at Holly and part of me was turned on. 

The next morning I saw Holly and turned the tables. "Had a good time last night?"

She didn't even seem embarrassed. "Yeah, me and my favorite toy had a blast."

"Sounded like more than just a toy."

"Please. I haven't had a real cock in months." I was pretty surprised at how vulgar she was.
