 As told to WildaRaven

Leroy Wheeler was fifty-one years of age when he accepted a position as Supervisor of Maintenance at the Wood Hall apartments. Two hundred and twenty apartments sprawling across fourteen acres of beautiful rolling hills well shaded with Oak trees. It really is a beautiful place to live. However the place was getting a few years on it and it did need a hard working highly skilled maintenance staff. They already had one young man on staff when the senior man got ill and had to leave rather quickly. So when Leroy heard about this job he jumped at it because he was between jobs and this kind of work to him was so easy. 

His interview with the apartment manger was short and between the two there was some kind of chemistry right off and each saw promise in the other eyes. Leroy was fifty one and Gloria was fourth eight. Gloria was slim, blonde sexy as hell and with an eye for fresh meat for her to devour. She was a barracuda of sorts she had her own apartment on the site and she often had young men from the college visit her for days at a time. She knew how to enjoy life and did it often.

Leroy lived out from town some twenty miles as he loved the county and he enjoyed his free time playing in the dirt in his large garden. His wife Karen had her own small business and kept pretty busy herself during the week. They had been married for seventeen years and each had children from earlier marriages. But none lived at home. So they had this lovely country home to them selves unless they invited friends over. 

The younger maintenance man was named Chuck; he was tall over six feet and a weight lifter, married to a chubby girl with one child. Chuck and Leroy hit it off right away and soon became very good friends well beyond the scoop of boss and subordinate. Despite the difference of twenty five years the two men were very close and soon talked about every thing to one another. They both were slightly over sexed and both had an eye for the sexy women that lived in the complex. 

When ever one or the other had to go into an apartment to make a repair and the tenant was home most often it was the wife, or a single lady that lived alone there. Of the 220 apartments most were senior singles or couples over fifty or sixty. There were a few younger single mothers and a few single school teachers and even single lades that owned there own businesses. It was estimated that the complex was over sixty percent women and forty percent of those were over fifty. 

This fact never got by either Chuck or Leroy. They played a little game of I'll tell you and you tell me what you think about this one or that one. Chuck was sitting in the Maintenance shop one morning with a pot of coffee on when Leroy arrived. Leroy took a cup, grabbed the day's maintenance slips and started going through them. One for me one for you. Then he stopped and held up one. "Chuck, apartment 218-c is that the guy who works at the TV station. The news guy?" Leroy asked.

Chuck said "Yes that is his place. Why?" 

"I was thinking his wife don't work and she will be home. I think I'll take that one." Leroy said with a smile on his round face. 

Chuck said "she is a tall lady, Nice figure a little chubby but very nice. They are building a cabin up in North Carolina for a retirement home. He goes up there every other week or so. She goes with him once in a while and some times she hangs around. She like to lay out by the pool with a skimpy bikini on. A lady her age and size maybe should not but she does and she really is not toot bad. You thinking of going over there and see what you can do? Nice job if you can get it. Let me know I might try it myself... and then they laughed. 

They discussed a few other ladies around the complex and then each with a hand full of maintenance request set out for a day of work. Leroy's first was apartment 218-C. Mrs. News lady answered the door in a loose fitting pair of sweats. A few words of greeting and she said the A/C was not cooling properly. When Leroy entered he knew as did the lady of the house that he was looking for more than to just do his job on the A/C. Each felt the heat go up and not because the A/C was not working. 

But it was business first so Leroy went down the hall to the air unit and started pulling off covers to inspect the fan. The unit was located close to the floor and he had to lay on his back and work. He wore jeans and a knit shirt which was pulled up above his waist line exposing his bare belly. Mrs. News lady came and sat on the floor next to him talking as he worked. His tool belt was with in reach and so when he needed a tool he just reached around until he found what he needed. He was feeling for a screw driver and his hand came in contact with a soft upper thigh not his own. He felt the soft warm flesh hiding under the pair of seat pants. He felt it and let his fingers take a hold of the soft flesh. He let his fingers roam the soft material until his fingers came close to her crotch. She had not let out a sound. But before he proceeded he stopped and said "This feels very nice indeed but it don't feel like my tool belt." 

He let his fingers remain in place waiting for an answer. None came. So he let his fingers press into the soft warm area of the crotch. He felt a mound of soft fat hiding there. He pressed on the mound and rubbed it in little circles. She moaned and wiggled her hips spread her legs wider for him. He was doing all this with his head and shoulders still out of sight and only his hand free to explore. 

He applied pressure to the soft fatty mound. She let out a louder moan. The fingers worked in circles rubbing faster and faster. He relaxed and let his fingers be his eyes and send messages to his brain. He was fully enjoying this first time on his new job and he wanted to make it a memorable one for both of them. He thought it was going to be one sided and only she would have any real fun. But that was Ok for this first time out of the box. But just when he was feeling her grow more and more wet. Her wetness was soaking through he heavy sweats as he applied more pressure. 

Then he felt her hands on his belt. Tugging and pulling on it working it open He lifted is hips off the floor so she could pull his jeans down and his under shorts with them in one motion. He felt the cool air surround his fully extended erection. Sight unseen he could only guess at her face as she saw his cock come free of its restraints. Then he felt her squirm and free her self from his fingers. She stood dropped her sweats and when he lowered her self again she sat down over his stiff cock. She bounced up and down taking him in easily. She bounced up and down working back and forth a few times and then up and down again. She was in total control so he did his best to meet her half way by pushing up as she came down. 

Before long she was jerking and screaming out load as she wiggled and twisted uncontrollably. Then she fell to the side coming free of him. He was still hard as a rock and very close to exploding himself. When he thought he was going to be left out of today's activities she rolled up bent over him and took his cock in her mouth. It was only a few seconds before he exploded and filled her sucking mouth. She was very good as a cocksucker and sucked up every drop not letting any go to waste. When he was exhausted and empty she rose walked away and he was left to fend for himself. She went into her bedroom closed the door never to come out again. He finished the job and left. 

Leroy finished his work orders for the morning and met Chuck back at the shop around lunch time. There they exchanged stories of the morning and what happened. Leroy told chuck of his first meeting with Mrs. News Lady Chuck said if they had other work order for that apartment he would take it... they laughed.

Over the next few weeks Leroy made friends with the guy that lived almost directly across the street from the maintenance shop. A big old boy retired and not in good health. His wife was somewhat younger a second marriage for them both. She was a lovely lady with a great body and nice tits along with a face that was not too hard to take. Leroy liked her and hoped one day it might work out for him. 

Chuck in the mean time had cultivated a friendship with a young college student that lived alone on the second floor in the building next to the shop. She would come down and jog around the complex then work out in the shade right out side the shop before going up to her apartment. Chuck being a weight lifter went out one day and talked to her about her work out. They talked for a while and when she went up to shower Chuck went with her. It was nearly two hours later when he returned well fucked, well sucked and smiling from ear to ear. He explained he was talking about how his wife did her exercises and how he helped her by holding her back and before he knew he was up in the apartment doing exercises with the young lady... 

This was the day the two man set up a file of the women they each had found willing to play the sex game and what each thought of the women in question. It was Leroy's idea that maybe it would be fun if one or the other walked in on the other while they were engaged in the game they played and see what happened. Maybe if they played it right they could get a few to play the three way game and that sounded like fun. 

Every other week end one or the other was on call for emergency repairs. It was Leroy's weekend to be on standby when he got a call from a single lady. Her A/C was not cooling. He arrived to find the lady, a school teacher dressed in silk shorts and a silky halter top. Her rather large tits were swinging from side to side and her ass was jiggling too as she walked ahead of him into her apartment. As he turned into the hall a slender girl a very young girl came out of the bedroom wearing only a towel around her slim body. The girl looked younger than her twenty years. 

The two of them watched as he worked on the A/C unit. But it seemed to be a problem from outside. He went out and then had to come back inside to reset the power. This happened several times and each time he came back in they were in the bedroom laughing and squealing. After about thirty minutes he had it working fine. He set the thermostats and waited for it to reach the temperature setting. He called out load to tell them he was done and it would be fine in a few minutes. The bedroom opened and the young girl came out standing naked in the door way she said "Would you come see it the vent in here is open. It don't feel too cool in here." 

Leroy said "I think it will be find soon. He turned and walked to the front door." The school teacher came out holding a towel around her. She stopped in front of him. He looked into misty glazed over eyes he knew were from using drugs.

She said "Don't you want to stay a while? We would love to have you join us." Her words were slurred her eyes were nearly blank. This was not a good situation so her smiled and told her he wanted to check the unit one more time and then he would come back up. She smiled happily as he left. He quickly left the property and drove home hoping she would not remember he was supposed to come back.

When he related this bit on information to Chuck, Chuck said he would have stayed and fucked them both. They marked that card in the file as one to keep in mind.

Chuck said his wife was going to take a few weeks and go visit her Grandmother as the lady was not doing to well and his wife wanted to see her once more before she was gone. Chuck said he wanted to stay in the model apartment while she was gone and so Leroy asked Gloria if Chuck could do this. Gloria agreed and so Chuck moved in and took over duties as the guy on the spot. Everyone now knew there was a maintenance man on the grounds and so they took advantage of it and called him when ever the slightest little thing went wrong. Gloria put out notice that on weekends it was for emergencies only to call the maintenance man. But this made little difference. So Leroy asked Chuck to come out to the country and spend the night with him and his wife Karen. 

There was the extra bedroom and of course Leroy's wife being a big old Germen girl was a great cook. So Chuck drove out following Leroy later Friday night after work. 

The tour of the place showed Leroy had put a lot of work into the farm as they walked Leroy said he had an idea for tonight. He explained to Chuck he wanted to show a few XXX videos and see it he could get his wife interested in a little sex play with the three of them. Leroy explained that some yeas ago they had been out dancing and met a nice couple and after a few drinks both he and Karen went home with the couple and swapped wives in the same room. He explained how Karen had been so turned on being naked in front of others and how he had watched her suck this other guys cock to a climax. Leroy said "Just play it be ear and if it happens fine if not no sweat." Chuck thought this might be fun. After all Karen was a tall big girl not fat just big. Chuck thought she might be a pretty good fuck and then he thought of her sucking his cock now that was OK too. 

A few drinks after dinner and all three were happily looking forward to seeing a few XXX videos. Karen sat between the two men on a long leather sofa. It was not long before the girl on the TV was busy sucking on a long thick cock. Leroy said "Would you like to be her Karen? You know how you like to suck cock. Would to suck Chuck's cock he is will hung?" 

Karen did not answer but she did reach over and place her hand on Chuck's crotch. Leroy said "Fuck; take his cock out Baby and give Chuck a hand job."

Chuck helped unzip his jeans and pulled them down below his knees. Chuck was very well hung. He had a cock that must have been ten inches long and very thick. Karen took hold if it and jerked it up and down a few times before she lowered her head into Chucks lap. Karen was sucking nearly all his cock into her generous mouth. 

"Wow, what a fucking cocksucker you are." Chuck said.

Every one had forgotten the video and a few minutes later all three headed for the bedroom. Chuck was well over six feet and Karen came in at five ten while Leroy was standing a third at five eight. Leroy watched as Chuck pulled off his shirt and Karen dropped her shorts and pulled off her shirt. Before Chuck could move Karen was bent over taking his cock back into her mouth. Leroy moved up behind his wife and quickly spread her pussy and wiggled his cock into her. 

Leroy knew that Karen enjoyed being the center of attention and loved to suck cock. She had often told Leroy that she really enjoyed his cock because it was so hard. Much harder than the big cocks some of those were never fully hard. But Leroy's cock got rock hard and she could feel it better and this made her climax more often. Leroy looked over his wife's shoulder as she took most of Chuck's cock in her mouth. A few minutes later Leroy suggested they all jump on the king size bed. 

Once again Chuck laid on his back with Karen squatting over him with his cock in her mouth. Chuck watched his cock disappear down her throat and quickly said "Karen you're one hot fucking cocksucker. Way better than my wife." 

Leroy told Karen to get up on the cock she was busy sucking. She moved up squatting down over it. Chuck's cock slipped into her wet pussy easily right up to the hilt. Leroy pushed Karen forward until her ass was exposed whereupon he applied the K-Y jelly to her ass hole and his cock. 

Leroy aimed his cock at her tight little ass hole and pushed. The head touched Karen's ass hole and she relaxed to let it pass. Leroy watched as his cock slowly disappeared into her find firm ass. Leroy had told Karen a hundred times there was nothing sexier than watching his cock disappear up her ass. Karen had fucked twenty different guys in College and since then twenty more but only Leroy was allowed to fill her ass hole with his rock hard cock. She had sucked many cocks and had been fucked hundred of times but her ass belonged to Leroy that was his prize for being her darling husband. 

After Leroy was deeply seated in her prime ass Karen straighten up some and started to slide back and forth on Chuck's massive cock. Chuck yelled with joy as he felt Leroy's cock rubbing along his through the thin membrane between her ass and pussy. Chuck had never been in a sandwich before and it excited him so much he cum quickly followed by Leroy. Karen screamed as soon as she felt the warm sensation filling her bowels. Karen came so hard her juices ran out around Chuck's cock and out all over the bed sheets. 

Karen lifted her self up and off Chuck where upon she went back down to suck his cock clean of his and her own juices. Leroy let his cock sip from her ass with a sucking sound. Leroy went to the bathroom first to wash up. Karen took Chuck by the hand and lead him to the shower where she stepped in with him. She washed Chuck from head to toe paying close attention to his cock and balls and a finger up his ass too. 

Ten minutes later all three were standing in the den with a drink in there hand. All were naked and Karen watched as young Chuck's cock came alive again. So she placed her cold drink on the head. This only slowed the thickening for a moment. 

Leroy said he wanted to call his next door neighbor to come over for a drink... Karen said she thought Barbara had to work tomorrow so she was most likely in bed already. But Leroy called anyway.

"Barbara; Honey Karen and I are here with a friend. We'd like you to come over for a drink and meet our friend." Leroy asked in a sing song voice with a little sweetness hanging in the air. He listened for a moment and hung up.

He said "She will be right over. I told her it was come as you are... she just got out of the shower." 

Barbara showed up six minutes later wrapped up tight in a white terry cloth bathrobe. 

Barb came in the back door knocking once just to alert the others. All three by now were dressed in robes. Barb was some what surprised at Chuck's young age. Barb was forty nine, a widow of two years and now was ready to play and have a little fun. Leroy had introduced Barb to a way of life she had not been used to but with Karen to help her along and show her it was fun to have good neighbors Barb soon become one of the family so to speak. 

Leroy hugged Barb and slipped his hand in her robe to find around firm tits of the forty-D size. Chuck was behind Karen with his arms around her and he was feeling her tits as well. Barb was interested in getting on with the party as she really did have to go to work in the morning but was willing to stay and play for a while.

Chuck kind of pushed Karen toward the bedroom again closely followed by Leroy and Barb. Chuck pushed Karen down on the bed while striping her robe off at the same time. Karen landed buck ass naked on her back in one fell swoop. Chuck dropped his robe as he climbed up on the bed right between Karen's spread legs. 

Barb cried out "Holly shit what a cock." 

Just as it was pushed into Karen's wet waiting pussy. Leroy got Barb's robe off and up on the bed right next to Karen except Barb was on all fours with Leroy's cock aimed at her pussy. Barb had her head down right next to Karen and Karen reached over and the girls kissed. Barb reached under Chuck and felt Karen's tits. 

Barb said "Looks like you're in for one long night of fucking. Boy has this boy got a cock." Karen only shook as Chuck plowed into her deeper and harder. 

Karen cried out "Oh, god, Oh, god... I am cumming. Oh fuck me, fuck me... Chuck fuck me..." 

Barb had never seen Karen ever get fucked by anyone but Leroy and seeing Karen take this monster cock and cum got her excited and Barb screamed out she was cumming too. Leroy shook as he felt Barb's pussy close around his cock as she climaxed. Barb had one of those cunt that tighten when she climaxed and this got Leroy hot. He followed Barb with a load of his cum filling Barb's pussy. Chuck was the last to cum and he made a big deal of it by crying out and jerking around like a crazy man. 
