 The deadline was next week. Alex needed a reasonably good first draft into the committee by then or his tenure would definitely be in jeopardy. His academic career depended upon pulling this off and he wasn't sure it was possible.

The scholarly work is solid. I'm sure of that, he thought. What is missing is proof that the ancient cults have relevance in today's psyche. Furthermore, I am the last person on earth capable of following through on the practical research. Why do I think I can find it here?

He looked at the small SoHo store front. It was not very imposing, two plate glass windows opening to a dark interior, a female mannequin in each window. The right one was posed dressed in a plum colored satin bra, panty and garter belt ensemble with the suspender straps clipped to white mesh stocking. The arms of the doll were set behind the head in a provocative porn star vogue gesture. This time the fishnets were black and thigh hi hold-ups. The face and hair were designed to appear somewhat Goth and the arms cradled a Fender Stratocaster Guitar. The costume had a rougher look, black lace boy shorts and a pink tank top with the store's name printed on the chest, MYTH. Visions of Pat Benetar went through his mind.

And date my thoughts. Pat Benetar? Well, I have to admit, I always got hard listening to her. Now if Peaches had only been around when I was in college... He had heard some of her blatantly sexual lyrics and been told of the eroticism of her shows by a few students. Still, he figured he would look foolish if he pursued any interest in this performer, especially if the faculty committee got wind of it. Damn, getting old was a bitch!

He blinked a few times after entering the store. The darkness of the windows was reinforced by a cubicle painted entirely in black. Only the subdued lighting of the display racks and cases illuminated the interior. It took his eyes a few minutes to adjust to the lack of light. This was the third time he had been in the store. He first discovered the boutique in San Francisco, quite by accident. That store was just a block off Market Square and he stumbled across it after wandering around the bustling commercial center of the foggy city. When he was told that they had stores in London and New York, he made it a point to visit the latter upon his return. Someday soon he hoped to see the flagship store in London. He wasn't sure why but a gut feeling told him that he may find some answers here.

Alex was seriously depressed. At fifty-five he had been on this quest for a long time. From the onset of puberty he had struggled, studied and devoted himself to a very specific obsession, the goddess Aphrodite. It was late in sixth grade while reading and discussing Greek Mythology for the first time that he encountered the famous goddess of love. The fact that his first glimpse of a color plate illustration of Bottecelli's, "Venus Rising from the Sea" coincided with his first wet dream led him to believe that this female would remain an important part of his life and development. 

He began to read all he could of the mythology. Throughout his schooling she remained his chief interest. He even took Ancient Greek at the university so that he could read about her as close to the source as possible. All through this period he searched for a modern day link to his goddess. He was sure that she and her brother Eros still influenced amorous affairs and that it was only the advent of monotheism that suppressed the ecstasy that the modern world denied itself. It was an ecstasy that he longed for in his own life, one that eluded him despite his devotion to the deities.

He came of age in the early seventies and for a short time he thought that the sexual revolution of that decade was a re institution of an ecstasy cult. He reveled in the freewheeling mores of the time along with most of his generation and saw it all come crashing down around them with the advent of cocaine, crack and AIDS. Before he was mature and experienced enough to truly understand what it was he was searching for, the search became life threatening and even his most liberal minded lovers began to turn toward conservative values that left him cold.

Still, Alex was sure there was value in understanding and maybe even reviving the Aphrodite cult. He saw the goddess in icons of popular culture. Marilyn Monroe, Sophia Loren, Madonna all embodied some aspect of the goddess yet each came up short and instilled doubts that he would ever find the object of his worship and attain his own ecstatic desires. Time was running out. The Eros quality that youth had once granted him had faded long ago. So, it was at this point that he abandoned his practical search and chose to try and fulfill himself in scholarly circles. The paper he was now trying to write was necessary not only to his "publish or perish" career track but it somehow had to touch his deep personal belief in the goddess despite all the evidence to the contrary that the modern world heaped against him.

The air conditioning was blasting the space and the contrast with the severe New York summer heat felt good on his skin. He breathed in the pleasant cool air. The combination of cool air and darkness relaxed him quickly.

"Hello, may I help you?"

He was face to face a pair of very red lips framing an impossibly white smile. Looking up he found a pert nose and two very dark brown pools that took his breath for a second. The delightful face was surrounded by a head of silky brown hair that flowed and flowed. Its abundance forced his eyes to leave the delightful face and follow it down the length of a very provocative body. He coerced his eyes back to her smile and returned it in kind as best he could.

"Uh, not just yet. I'm just browsing." Oh, smooth, he thought. He consciously sucked in his middle age paunch. Christ, what am I doing? He exhaled very slowly and tried to look more relaxed. Don't be a jerk. Don't be a jerk!

"That's fine. If you need anything, just ask. My name is Jen." She pointed to the plastic name tag with Jennifer inscribed upon it. It was prominently pinned to her left breast and it drew his attention to the fact that her chest, encased in a very lacy black bra was quite visible between the open buttons of her white smock-dress uniform. The upper globes of her breasts though not large, were pushed together into a delightful brown package. Jennifer had a luscious tan.

She ambled over to a display table in the center of the store and proceeded to rummage through a large pile of nylon and lace. Alex smiled as he watched her select, fold and sort each frothy pair of panties, readying them for the storage drawers behind her.

Looking around he noticed the two other clerks. They both wore identical white smocks, obviously a mandated uniform of sorts for the chain. He remembered the same look in the San Francisco Store. The effect was in stark contrast to the black interior and hinted at a clinical pretense that further contrasted with the ultimate whimsy and fantasy of the garments being sold. Underlying corporate uniformity however lay a unique individuality that each clerk was allowed in accessorizing their ultimate look. Like Jennifer, the other two ladies had made use of the single row of buttons that ran down the front of the smock to reveal and/or conceal just so much skin and lingerie as they felt comfortable revealing. Very likely the lingerie was that of the company and purchased at discount. 

A very smart marketing ploy, thought Alex.

Jennifer was now squatting as decorously as her outfit would allow, placing the folded panties into sets of drawers underneath one of the main display racks. Alex pretended to examine a bra and panty set on the rack while in reality he was enjoying the sight of a black suspender strap leading from the dark top of her hose and up underneath a shiny red satin slip. Furthermore, her bodice area was now opened wide and the cups of her black bra nearly fully visible.

"See something you're interested in?"

"Uh...," Alex blushed. Did I hear right? Did she really just give me an opening?

"You like that?" she asked.

He was unconsciously fingering some very expensive of wispy material. Her question broke his reverie.

"I, uh, yes, they are quite nice," he stammered.

"Do you know the size?" Jennifer stood up and in doing allowed the slip to shift and increase the space between her stocking top and bare thigh before falling into place and closing off the delightful view. There was a tightening in Alex's crotch.

"No, I'm afraid I really am just browsing. The truth is I don't have anyone to buy such nice things for. I wish I did. What am I saying? Y...you have such beautiful things here, quite lovely. I wish I had a reason to buy for...er...from you." He hung the bra and panty set back onto the display rack.

"Oh, I'm sorry. I mean, that's a shame." She sounded sincere.

"No, not really. There is just no one in my life right now," he replied.

"Then why are you here?"

"I don't know really. I like coming in here. I like the décor. I love the colors and textures and designs of the garments. I...uh like coming and ...and ...

"And seeing us strut our stuff in these silly uniforms?" She wiggled her hips slightly and struck a strippers pose. Alex blushed deeper. He felt the pressure in his crotch ease.

"I...I ...I'm sorry." He turned to go.

"Hey, no please, stick around," she said. It's not too busy today and you are not being a nuisance. You've done no harm, really."

She took another arm load of panties from the display table and squatted down once more. This time her legs were wide apart and open to Alex's full view. He saw that the panties matched the slip, red satin and they looked to be full cut. She looked up at him and smiled. When she began to rise, he offered his hand for support and she took it. Her touch was electric and he felt the space in his pants become confined once more.

"Thank you," she whispered. "I just mean I think it's a shame you don't have anyone to buy for. I sense that you have a firm appreciation for what we have to offer here." 

Firm?

Her brown eyes twinkled. Alex began to feel slightly drunk.

"Yes," he whispered. "I often thought how wonderful it would be to work in a place like this. I adore your merchandise and I can spend hours imagining how each item would look on various women." He was rapidly warming to the subject.

"I once suggested to the manager that we needed a man on staff. You know someone to help when husbands come in alone and need advice? She didn't think it was such a hot idea, though."

"She's right. Trust me. You women, particularly in your ah... 'uniforms' are far more persuasive than I could be. I was thinking that I could be more valuable to women. A sort of 'male mirror' that allows them to know that their choices will definitely have the effect they are hoping to achieve with their partner. Then again, I guess they would be uncomfortable with a male serving them."

"Oh I don't know. That would depend on what you mean by service. We are not Victoria's Secret here. We don't get mall rats or your average suburban Sex in the City wannabe here. Our prices keep our clientele pretty selective. That selectivity demands a sophistication that just may enjoy a service such as you fantasize about. I only wish I could indulge myself and my boyfriend in that way."

"Oh, you have a boyfriend?"

"This week. Ask me next week or even tomorrow and I may have a different answer for you." Alex felt the constriction in his crotch area grow.

He said, "Still, I imagine most of your clients would not want a male poking his head in to the dressing cubicle much less offering advice that concerns adorning their body."

Jennifer smirked. "Don't be to sure. I know one or two women who might just relish such service. In fact, if Mrs. Lauter comes in we just might have trouble keeping you out here on the floor." Across the room, one of the other assistants snickered. Jen licked her red lips making them shine like her satin panties.

"Intriguing," said Alex.

"I think I have an idea," she said. What's your name?"

"Alex."

"Well Alex we are only about two hours from closing. Can you find a way to waste time until then? You know walk around, get a bite eat? Something like that?

"Yeah, sure. I guess so," he answered

"Good. Let me talk to the other girls. I am sure they will go along. Chloe definitely will. Now go, I have things to do. I'll see you in about two hours." She sported the wickedest smile Alex had ever seen. He felt a damp spot in his very constricted crotch. 

What on earth have I got myself into? Oh well, little to lose here.

He smiled back and gave her a brief finger wave and exited the shop. Jennifer picked up the phone. 

Two hours later, Alex walked up to the shop door. The lights in the display windows were on. A shade had been pulled on the door window. The place looked securely closed for the day. Feeling a bit led on, he started to turn away when he heard the lock on the door click. A blast of cool air hit the back of his neck and he turned. The door was open a crack and a voice said, "Alex," a disembodied voice asked?

"Yes," he whispered back

"Quick, come in."

The door opened wider and Alex entered the black cubicle for the second time that day. Standing beside him was one of the sales assistants he had seen working in the back of the store earlier that day.

"Hi, I'm Chloe," she said "Jen asked me to keep an eye out for you. Glad to see you came back. Amy bet me you wouldn't."

"Amy?"

"Oh, you'll meet her soon enough." She locked the door and double checked the window shade.

Chloe was about 5'6'' and solidly built. She had short cropped blonde hair, dark eye make up and the same very red lipstick that Jen had worn earlier. She still wore her work outfit. Alex notice that it was only held together by the two middle buttons thus revealing very sheer black seamed stocking stockings which ran up to first one dark band and then an even darker band where the suspender straps attached. 

Very retro. Very nice, he thought.

The smock flapped open to reveal what appeared to be a white panty girdle with black satin panels on the front and at the thighs. The bra was just as visible and seemed to complement the girdle with black satin triangle panels and straps being accented by the white material.

"I didn't think that Myth would bother itself with girdles, and you certainly don't need to wear one. That is a very interesting outfit."

Chloe laughed. "It's called a brief. Sort of like a waist cincher. I like the way it looks and I like to be feel a bit of restraint on me." At this she licked her lip and Alex saw a tongue stud. Do you like it?"

"You have to ask?" His hands slipped down to adjust his crotch.

She grinned. "Come on in. Jen's got everything all set. Feel free to brows," and she bounced off to help Jennifer.

The store looked no different than when he left. He could see Jen in the back near the curtained dressing area. She was handing some garments to someone behind the curtain. A third girl, one he had not seen earlier was standing behind the register counter looking rather bored. She was absentmindedly scanning the tags on several pairs of panties, folding them and placing them in a black box filled with pink tissue paper. She did not look up as Alex approached. Chloe had taken some bras and panties off the rack on the right and brought them over to Jen who reached behind the curtain and received a similar batch of garments from the unseen customer. She and Chloe exchanged items and Jen handed the new batch behind the curtain once more. This process was repeated two or three times.

Ah, they still have a customer. I guess I am expected to keep things low key until they can get rid of her. 

He looked at the girl behind the counter. She appeared to be slightly younger than either Jennifer or Chloe. Then again, Alex was a bit unsure of either of their ages as well. This girl's hair was very black, unnaturally black and cropped even shorter than Chloe's. He saw three piercings in her left ear and two in her right. She wore thick black framed glasses that were surprisingly flattering to her very black eyes and the now signature red lipstick that seemed to be as much a part of the Myth uniform as the white smock. The name tag on her right breast lapel read "Amy". 

Amy chose to open the top two buttons of her smock. This revealed a frothy concoction of pink tulle satin with black lace accents. The bra was as skimpy as Amy was ample. Her breasts over flowed the top and sides of the bra cups and the shoulder straps made definite grooves in her skin along the lines of support. Still what aroused Alex more than the lingerie was the whiteness of Amy's skin. In fact her entire aspect was a study in black/white contrast. Her skin was even whiter than her smock. He peered over the counter and saw that she wore black, opaque stocking attached to a garter belt that acted a bit like a half slip with the pink and black material draping over her thighs and framing the matching brief.

Suddenly Jen flounced over to him from the back and whispered, "Oh, hi Alex. I'm glad you came back. I was hoping you would. As you see we're still busy. This is a very special customer. Please be patient. I guarantee that I will make it worth your wait." Smiling, she kissed her right forefinger and then touched his nose with it before returning to the dressing room area. It was almost enough to make Alex cream his pants.

A thick alto voice bellowed from behind the curtain, "Jennifer dear, these bras just won't do. They scratch and the cream colored one dos not cup my bust properly. What else do you have?"

Jen looked back at Alex and rolled her eyes. Chloe seemed to anticipate the woman's request and handed Jen six new bras from the rack. Jen handed the new garments through the curtain and pursed her lips in an "air kiss" to Chloe. She then moved to the chest of drawers under the left rack and began rummaging and selecting more items, "just in case."

"Mrs. Lauter," she whispered as Alex sidled up to her. "She came in about fifteen minutes before closing. She's always good for about a thousand dollars in purchases so we couldn't turn her out." She smiled and pecked Alex on the cheek. 

What can I do? He smiled back and his hand unconsciously drifted up to his cheek. He felt lightheaded.

Who is this woman? Why should she even begin to show interest in me? Then again, why am I even questioning it? What have I to lose by going along for the ride?

The dressing room curtain rippled.

"Jen, this may do. I need some help with the...Oh, hello. I wasn't aware that there were any other customers still here, much less a man."

The voice belonged to a woman who appeared from behind the drape. She was about 5'10'', though her black heels added at least four of those inches. Alex's eyes trailed up a pair of well defined legs encased in red, thigh-hi stockings. The body to which the legs were attached was a lean and healthy one. This woman worked out daily. She wore an exquisite corset of sheer red mesh. The front of the garment was luxuriously embroidered in a black lace diamond pattern bisected by thick red covered boning where a series of five or six silver fasteners held it together while still displaying a bouncy set of ivory globes pushed together into the satin and mesh cups of the bodice. The panties were a restatement of the black and red theme with the embroidery highlighting the space between her thighs. The rest of the picture was topped off by a long neck that made Alex think of Audrey Hepburn and a face that could be considered not pretty or girlish but most definitely that of an elegant, mature woman. Her hair was a striking auburn and set off by her green eyes and the turquoise drops that bobbed from her earlobes. The entire effect was exquisite.
