 Mary tensed when the phone rang. She expected the call all day, but actually receiving it made the moment surreal. Had she really agreed to this? Was she ready to pick up the phone, answer it in a nonchalant tone of voice, and embark upon what was certain to be the most nerve-wracking night of her life? Her mind drifted to the conversation with David the previous weekend.

"So, Ben called, and Angela says hi", he said.

"Really? What's new with them?". Mary tried to remain calm.

"They invited us over next weekend. Said we could hang out in their hot tub."

"I don't know, I'm not sure about a hot tub with other people," she said with a slight hesitation in her voice.

David seemed to shrug it off, and responded in an almost flippant tone, "No obligation. They just offered up a hot tub and conversation."

Mary pondered. Angela and Ben were friendly and casual, both professionals with interests she and David shared – music, reading, the arts. Angela was a little taller than Mary, with long brown hair and an open and friendly smile. Ben was clean-cut and tall like David, with a ready laugh and a quiet intensity. Mary sensed something else when the four of them were together, an underlying tension that made her feel a little uneasy. She could not decide if that uneasy sensation was something to be afraid of or something to be aware of, and the idea of being together in a hot tub made it all the more difficult to isolate.

"Maybe we could go for an hour or so".

David replied "Okay, hon, I'll tell Ben when I get a chance. Friday night sound good?"

Mary swallowed softly and was able to say "Yes."

Now, as the third ring floated through the room, she swallowed softly yet again and reached for the phone. She took a deep breath as she pushed the button to connect and said "Hello."

"Hey!" said an energetic, cheerful voice. Angela always sounded on top of the world. Sometimes it made Mary edgy, but this time it swept away some of her apprehension. She was able to respond in kind.

"Hi there, girl. How's everything?"

"Oh good, good. Just finished throwing some things together for dinner. You and David think you'll still be here around six or so?"

"Yeah, no later than six."

"That's you, all punctual all the time." Mary could hear the grin in her voice.

"Hey, if you are going to pick on me, I'll stay home and watch a movie!" Mary tried to sound feisty, but feared she sounded petulant.

"That's fine, as long as David still comes over to grill." Angela was not fazed.

"Hmmm, in that case, I will come along. I am the secret ingredient, you know." What was she doing? The uneasy feeling was returning, but with it was a live wire of excitement.

"I bet you are!" Angela actually sounded surprised – in a good way.

"So we'll see you around six, okay?"

"Perfect. See you in a few hours!"

"See ya!"

Mary hung up. Her hands were clammy, and her breath was ragged, but she hardly noticed either. All she could think about was that fact that she and David were hours away from an evening she was sure would include something more than conversation.

When David came home, Mary greeted him at the door with a kiss.

"Wow, I need to find more reasons to go out and come back," said David.

Mary smiled and said "Angela called. We are expected at six o'clock."

David replied, "Okay, I'll pull together a side dish and some stuff for the grill. They are dangerous when they try to cook with fire." His rueful smile and shake of the head held none of the trepidation Mary felt.

"While you do that, I am going to get ready."

"Sounds good. I'll come back and do the same in a bit."

She walked down the hall to the bedroom, closed the door, and let out an explosive breath. As she stood just inside the room, she realized she was aroused, her nipples stiffening as they rubbed softly against the inside of her shirt. Her hand moved unconsciously down to the front of her jeans, swiftly pulling down the zipper and sliding a hand inside to press against the silk underneath. The other hand slid up under her shirt, gently cupping a breast and pinching the nipple between thumb and forefinger.

"Oh God," she moaned, as the pair of sensations met deep inside and a slight tremor shook her entire body.

Snapping her attention back to the task she intended, Mary slipped out of her clothes, started the shower, and stepped in once the water warmed to the temperature she preferred. She washed her hair, then reached for the bath gel. As she spread the gel across her body, she lingered over her breasts and moaned again when she rolled a soapy nipple in her fingers.

"My, my, my, what have we here," murmured David as he stepped into the shower. She had not even heard him enter the bathroom. His arousal was evident as he replaced her hands with his, and her moans intensified. He lowered his head to her breast and took a nipple in his mouth, first tugging with his lips, then biting gently with his teeth. Mary had just begun to gasp from his biting when she felt his hand slide between her legs and felt his fingers begin to work their magic. One of his fingers caressed her button, swiftly and softly rubbing back and forth, while another slid inside, rocking gently in and out. She grasped his shoulders to keep her balance as the combination of pleasuring and the cascading warmth of the shower weakened her knees and quickened her pulse.

He continued to suck on her nipples as his fingers plied her flesh, and she felt an orgasm building with urgent intensity. Her moans grew in volume, filling the bath with audible evidence of her complete and utter surrender to David's enthusiastic and relentless attention. She did not notice, so lost was she in the rush towards climax. She dimly heard his voice saying "That's it baby, I want to hear you, I want you to tell me how it feels."

At first she was unable to say anything, but as she began to climax, she whispered "Yes, just like that, yes...yes, oh yes, I'm almost there..." and then it began. She held on to him to keep from falling while the waves washed over her with an intensity far beyond that of the still-running shower. After the last wave passed, Mary reached for David's erection, took some bath gel, and stroked his now soapy member until he groaned and climaxed. With a satisfied smile, she turned off the water, pecked David on the cheek, and said "Let's go, time to get ready!"

The remaining hour passed slowly. Mary found herself very impatient and ready to leave, but David remained very relaxed. She was sure he would start to get excited and perhaps even give her some hint that something secret was on the evening agenda. Her apprehension began to return when he did nothing of the kind, and instead headed to the kitchen to do dishes. She and David had just spontaneously and intensely satisfied each other, and he did not take that perfect opportunity to say "and there's more where that came from."

At first, when they finally left the house and got into the car, Mary felt her heartbeat speeding up. She and David talked about simple things as he drove, however, about groceries and some errands and the surprising number of cars on the roads for a weekend. She became more convinced that she was reading too much into the evening, and began to relax a little.

Arriving at Angela and Ben's house, Mary took a couple of deep breaths and tried to look as unperturbed as possible. Angela greeted them at the door dressed in her usual business casual manner, hugging them both and inviting them inside. Her gaze lingered on Mary for a few moments, and suddenly Mary felt the earlier apprehension return.

Ben welcomed them to the kitchen where the dinner prep was well underway. David set down their contributions and went right to work preparing things for the grill. The guys immersed themselves in guy chatter while Angela took Mary to mix some drinks. As they stood by the bar, Angela talked about the plans for the evening.

"I figure we'll probably take our time with dinner and relax between courses. Then, when we need a break before dessert, we can hang in the hot tub and try to forget about the caloric intake."

This last was said with a smile, as they both knew everything on the menu would be carefully prepared with attention to taste and health. One thing all four of them shared was a desire to enjoy food in a healthy and satisfying manner.

"Is dessert portable? Maybe we can have it in the tub," said Mary, hoping the question might pry loose some details on what dessert would actually be.

"That could work, actually..." said Angela in a musing tone. Nothing else.

Dinner was soon served, and the table became quiet for a while as everyone enjoyed the offerings. Once the conversation started anew, it revolved around neighborhood matters, the latest good books, and what movies might be worth seeing. Mary became more and more relaxed as the evening flowed past.

Just after eight o'clock, Angela said "Alright boys, clear the table and let's hit the tub for a while." The moment of decision, thought Mary. Do I come up with some reason to leave now?

David started gathering dishes and said "Sounds good, it's a nice night for it." Mary held her breath for a minute, then said "Okay, I'd better get changed."

"You can use our room, hon," said Angela. "I'll be back there in a minute."

Mary headed to the master bedroom and hurriedly started to change. She planned to finish before Angela arrived, but a mere minute passed before the door opened.

"I have sooo been looking forward to this today," said Angela.

"Long day?"

"No, not really, I just love the tub and don't get enough opportunities to use it."

"Glad we could give you an excuse," said Mary.

"Mmmm, me too." Angela's voice was a little throaty. Mary caught a glimpse of Angela's body out of the corner of her eye and saw evident signs of arousal, flushed skin and erect nipples. Her own face began to feel warm, and she averted her eyes before Angela could see her watching. She felt Angela's gaze on her back as she finished putting on her suit, and wondered if they were thinking some of the same thoughts.

Clad in their suits, they moved from the bedroom to the tub. David and Ben walked out shortly afterwards and sank into the tub beside them. Mary was the only one who sat quietly, while the other three chatted. Soon the warmth of the tub relaxed the tension in her shoulders, and she began to really enjoy the sounds of the rushing water, the pressure of the jets, and the comfortable froth of the churning surface. So much motion, she thought, but all so soothing.

Soon David moved beside her and, smiling as he kissed her cheek, began rubbing her shoulders. She groaned in pleasure as his warm, wet hands glided across her skin, pushing the tension from her muscles like nothing else could. Through half-closed eyelids she saw Angela receiving the same attention, and she decided that the hut tub was a great thing after all. Her apprehension was absent as David's hands massaged her into a state of ecstasy. As if from a distance she noted a water jet was sending an insistent funnel of water across one of her nipples, and she became aroused without even realizing it at first. She was surprised by another realization moments later when she opened her eyes and saw the tops of Angela's breasts above the waterline of the tub and was suddenly curious to see more.

She was drifting, absorbed with thoughts of Angela, when she realized someone was asking her a question.

"What?"

David was looking at her expectantly. "Angela wanted to know if it was okay to go native," he said. "I said I was cool with it, but that she should ask you."

"Ummm, okay, I guess." She watched as Angela peeled off her suit, and saw both David and Ben drape their suits over the side of the tub. Before she knew it, the others were nude in the tub and she was decidedly not. Well, she thought, now or never. She pulled off her suit and sank back down into the water until it was almost up to her neck. The others did not seem to notice the nudity at all, and as a little time passed she became more accustomed to the idea.

Conversation turned to topics of the day, and everyone relaxed. Soon the drinks they had brought with them were empty, and Ben volunteered to get more. Mary averted her eyes as he emerged from the water, but she still noted the 

Once again she was drifting and once again she missed a question.

"Are you with us, hon?" said Angela.

"Yes, sorry, I don't know why my mind is wandering tonight."

"Wandering to anything good?"

Mary blushed, because she was not at all prepared to share.

David caught on quickly and said "I know that look. I bet they are really good thoughts."

"Yummy," said Angela. She was very close to Mary now, and partly out of the water. Droplets formed and dripped from her nipples, and Mary found herself having to resist the urge to stick out her tongue and catch one. Suddenly Angela leaned in and kissed her. Her entire body reacted and she squirmed on her seat in the tub.

Mary looked up. David and Ben were looking at them, and neither was upset. In fact, both were mesmerized. She leaned back and let Angela kiss her again, then returned with a kiss of her own. This time she felt Angela's body react and heart a slight moan escape her barely parted lips.

"I think it's time to move this back inside," said Ben. Everyone agreed.

In the living room, Mary found herself facing David and his stiffening cock. She had him sit on a chair, leaned down, and took his erection fully into her mouth. Bent over on the floor, she was completely into her ministrations when she felt Ben behind her. She moaned as he caressed her lips with his fingers, then groaned loudly on David's cock when he slid inside. He began slowly, building to a rhythm that let her rock back and forth between the two men she was pleasuring. She was dimly aware that Angela was on the sofa nearby, one hand frantically caressing her nipples and the other hand slipping between her legs and eliciting moans of ecstasy.

The sounds of pleasure filled the room as each began to reach orgasm. Angela climaxed before anyone else, then proceeded to bring herself to orgasm again and again. Mary felt an orgasm flood her body just before David erupted in her mouth. She kept sucking him as she came again from Ben's constant pounding, and her arousal was magnified when David began to harden again. He lay back and let her bring him close to the edge once again before leaning down to kiss her and move over to the sofa with Angela. He knelt before her, and Mary knew Angela was about to be the lucky recipient of oral pleasure. Before long, Angela was writhing on the sofa and yelling "I'm coming, oh my God, I'm coming, don't stop!" Ben then climaxed, moaning loudly and thrusting deep inside her, bringing her to another orgasm at the same time.

Unsure of how much more she could take, Mary moved to sit on the chair, but Angela intercepted her and had her lie down on the sofa. Her head moved between Mary's thighs, and her tongue flicked across her most sensitive flesh. All nervousness was banished when Angela began to lick her like no one else had, and she found herself on the brink of orgasm in a matter of minutes. She went over the edge when she felt Angela moan into her wetness, and realized that Ben just slid deep inside her from behind. Gasping for air, Mary caressed Angela's hair as her orgasm subsided. Angela continued to kiss and lightly caress her thighs as Ben climaxed again.

Mary thought the evening was over, but David pulled her to the side of the sofa, pulled her hips up in the air, and slid inside her now soaked wetness. He slowly entered her, then pulled completely out. Over and over he repeated the pattern, and she closed her eyes and felt herself building to yet another orgasm. Then, he stopped.

She opened her eyes just in time to see Angela move between her and David, taking his cock deep into her throat, then pulling it out and guiding it gently back inside Mary. The vision was so erotic that she felt a small orgasm almost immediately. Angela noticed and smiled.

"Are you ready to feel something amazing?" she asked. Mary could only nod.

David pulled her up, sat down on the sofa, and then positioned her facing away and on his lap. She sank down onto him, pulling his hardness as deep inside as she could, and her eyes closed once again. Just then, she felt a tongue on her button, and immediately another small orgasm. David began to move her up and down on his cock, and with each stroke she felt Angela's tongue deftly licking. The combination drove her over the edge into the most powerful orgasm yet, then two more. She had come so much she was not sure she could come any more, but it felt so good she did not want to stop. Just as she thought her body would give out, David stiffened, groaned throatily, and she felt every pulse of his orgasm, bringing her to one last explosion of her own.

Many minutes past with only loud breathing and contented sighs. Finally, David said "I think we might need to head back to the tub for a bit..."

Angela smiled. "Just in time for dessert!"