 The next morning, the pair woke up almost simultaneously, cuddled a bit more, and then got ready for breakfast. They drifted into the kitchen together, holding hands. Seeing Melody at the small table drinking some coffee, they abruptly let go of each other's hand, a sudden spasm of embarrassment coming over them. 

She smiled at that. "You can hold hands all you want to, my dears." 

They laughed, and Rohit bent down and gave her a long kiss on the mouth, one hand snaking down and, parting her robe, gently squeezing her bare breast. This was done not out of some sense of masculine possessiveness, but to convey—not that it was needed—that Melody was just as desirable a female as April. 

She received the mark of affection in the spirit in which it was intended. 

"I hope you two had a nice time," she said. 

"Wonderful," April breathed. "Rohit was just incredible." 

"Yes, I thought he might be," Melody said, staring pointedly at Rohit's groin. 

"He's such a sweetheart," April said. "You both are sweethearts. I feel ever so much better." She seemed on the brink of choking up. "You guys are the best friends a girl ever had." 

"We were glad to help," Melody said. 

They settled down to breakfast and got ready for another day of classes. 

Without any real discussion of the matter, the trio quickly resolved on a schedule whereby April and Melody would each have Rohit three nights a week, every other night; Saturday would be a wild card, with the sleeping arrangements determined by whatever they felt like doing. Rohit was reassured that he would not be expected to "perform" every night: he might be young and vigorous, but the girls didn't want to wear him out! 

But Rohit suspected that something more permanent and dramatic was needed. And that's why, a few weeks later, he found himself on the doorstep of Carolyn and Kumar's house. 

By this time, he'd been to the house frequently—although never alone. As he knocked tentatively on the door this Saturday afternoon, he wondered if anyone was even home. He had decided to come unannounced, because of the awkwardness of even hinting over the phone what he wanted to say; but now, as he stood irresolutely on the steps leading up to the front door, he wondered if he would have the courage to say what he felt needed to be said. 

It was Carolyn who opened the door. 

"Rohit!" she said with a big smile. "How wonderful to see you! Come on in." 

He walked in, stepping into the living room on tenterhooks, as if he expected land mines to have been placed under the floorboards. 

"Did you want to speak to Kumar?" Carolyn said. "I'm afraid he isn't here right now. You should have let us know you were coming." 

Carolyn's presence had at first unnerved Rohit. He had thought it advisable to speak to Kumar; but now that he pondered the matter, he felt that a preliminary discussion with Carolyn might in fact be best. 

"Actually, I wanted to talk to you," he said in a low voice. 

She raised her eyebrows, her smile now mixed with uncertainty. "Me? Well, how nice." 

She led him to the sofa, where he sat down at the far left-hand side. Carolyn sat next to him, about two feet away. He was still, technically, too young to drink, but she felt that a little something—maybe the chocolate mint liqueur he had liked on previous occasions—might make him a little less shy and nervous. 

As he continued to remain silent, she said, "So what do I owe the pleasure of this visit?" 

He gazed at Carolyn, realizing that he had never been alone in her presence before. At last he said, "I have something to tell you about April." 

"Oh?" Carolyn said. That single syllable was so filled with apprehension, even fear, that it squeezed Rohit's heart. 

"She—she was in the hospital recently," he said. 

At that, Carolyn leaped up from the sofa and covered her mouth with her hands. "The hospital? What on earth for? What happened to her? Is she all right?" 

Rohit held his hands up in a placating gesture. "She's fine. I'm sorry to have alarmed you. It's just—" 

"But—but why was she there? People don't go to the hospital for nothing!" 

Rohit couldn't endure to look at her. Staring at his hands, he said, "Well, there was this incident at a fraternity." 

All the color seemed to drain from Carolyn's face. "Is that so?" There was such an unpleasant undertone to those words that Rohit winced. "What exactly did she do?" 

"She, um . . . she . . ." He couldn't go on. 

In a snide voice Carolyn said, "You're saying she made herself available to the guys?" 

Rohit nodded, still staring at his hands. 

"How many?" 

"All of them," Rohit was forced to admit. 

"All of them? How many is that?" Carolyn's voice was rising in alarm and anger. 

"I think about fourteen." 

"Fourteen guys? April had sex with fourteen guys?" 

"I guess some of them came back for seconds." God, why did I even say that? Isn't it bad enough that she fucked them once? 

When at last he looked up to Carolyn, he could tell that she was seething. In a low hiss she said, "God, I knew her craziness about boys would get her into trouble someday! Jesus, what was she thinking? All those guys—one after the other—over and over again—" 

"Listen, Carolyn," Rohit said desperately, "it's not what you think!" 

"What do I think? You're saying my daughter's not a—" 

"Don't say it, Carolyn," Rohit warned, and something in his one made Carolyn's mouth snap shut. 

"She's not a bad person," he went on. "What she did was—was a symptom of something bigger. I think she's been really unhappy, maybe even depressed. Basically, she's lonely. Possibly she's upset at how her best friend, Melody, has found a guy to love. I mean, she's been with a lot of guys this past year, but those relationships haven't amounted to anything. I think that she's coming to realize that just spreading her legs for any guy who comes along is a bad idea." 

"Then why did she—?" 

"I'm telling you, that was a symptom—maybe a cry for help." He licked his lips, not knowing how to proceed. "I said she's lonely, and I think she's lonely for—Kumar." 

Carolyn dropped her head to her chest. She staggered back to the sofa and sat down heavily. 

"Then you know about that?" she said. 

"Yes, I know about it." 

She peered at him out of the corner of her eye. "Um, do you also know about . . .?" 

"Melody?" he finished for her. "Yeah, I know about that too." 

"You do?" she said, surprised. "And you don't mind?" 

"Look, Carolyn, that happened before Melody ever knew me. And even if it didn't, no one can help their feelings. April loves Kumar, and so does Melody. That's just the way it is. You can't somehow force yourself not to love someone." 

Carolyn looked upon Rohit as if he were the fount of all worldly wisdom. Softly she said, "You know, I never wanted them to leave. But the girls somehow came to feel that, when Kumar married me, it wouldn't be right to keep on seeing him. But I never meant for that to happen. They're free to be with him anytime they want." 

"Really?" he said, dazed. "It would be okay with you?" 

"Of course! As you say, they love him, and there's no reason why they shouldn't express their love." She let out a little chuckle out of the side of her mouth. "Let me be frank with you, Rohit. Kumar has quite an—appetite, and it's sometimes a lot for me to deal with. I'm not shy about saying I might like some help every now and then!" 

He smiled broadly at her. "I know what you mean." 

"What are you trying to say?" 

"Well, um, let's just say I've gotten very close to April." 

"I see," Carolyn said knowingly. 

"I love her, you know," he said matter-of-factly. "And she loves me." 

"That doesn't surprise me. You're just such a scrumptious man, I'm not surprised she fell for you." 

Rohit wasn't used to getting such a florid compliment from a woman like Carolyn, and he flushed deeply. 

"But," Carolyn went on, "is that okay with Melody?" 

"Sure. In fact, she's the one who urged me to . . ." 

"She did? Well, perhaps she was trying to do what April did for her—with Kumar, I mean." 

"Yeah, I got that idea." 

Carolyn breathed a big sigh of relief. "I'm glad all that's out in the open! The question is: what do we do now?" 

Rohit shook his head. "I don't know." 

"Oh, come on, Rohit! The answer's staring us in the face. There's nothing else to do but for all three of you guys to move in with us. That's really the only we can make the girls happy, don't you think?" 

"If you think that's best," he said. He had been thinking exactly the same thing, but he knew he couldn't come out and say it: Carolyn had to say it, and he was glad she did. 

Carolyn got up. "So will you tell the girls all this?" 

"Yes, of course," Rohit said, also standing. "It's—it's very good of you." 

"Nonsense! It's the only thing that makes any sense." 

As Rohit headed toward the front door, Carolyn tapped him on the shoulder and made him turn around. 

Then she flung her arms gently around him and held him tight. 

After that, she took his head in her hands and gave him a long, deep kiss. 

"You're a good man, Rohit," she breathed. And she kissed him again. 

When at last she let him go, he seemed to be hyperventilating a bit. She smiled at that. I'm glad I can still have that effect on a man. 

He hastily made his way out the door. 

* 

April and Melody were thrilled at the new dispensation. They mobbed Rohit when he told them the news, embracing him so hard that all three of them almost tumbled to the floor. And they didn't want to delay moving. After getting approval from Carolyn, they started packing things up right away. None of them had all that much stuff anyway, so they figured it would be a matter of a few days to get their things over to the house. They also gave a quick notice to their respective landlords about vacating their rooms. 

At the house, the arrangement would be that Melody and Rohit would take one bedroom for themselves and April the other. When April was with Kumar, Carolyn would sleep in April's room; when April was with Rohit, Melody would sleep in April's room. All very simple! 

The reunion of April and Kumar was an emotional moment. Of course, she had been to the house many times since last summer, when she had officially moved out; but on each of those occasions, when she was leaving to go back to her rooming house, Kumar (and Carolyn) could easily detect an expression of wistful longing as she headed out the door. They saw the same expression, less keenly expressed, on Melody's face too—but of course she had Rohit to soften the blow of her absence from her first lover, whereas April had no one. 

That first evening, they all had a festive dinner, with the women all helping to prepare an immense pot roast while Kumar made his patented Indian vegetables and Rohit a huge and elaborate salad. Wine was brought out for the occasion, as well as a store-bought cake. As the evening progressed, it became apparent that April was almost frantically intent on getting into Kumar's bed. She quietly left the others in the living room and, without a word or backward glance, marched slowly up the stairs. Entering her room, she undressed and slipped on a nightgown. It had been agreed that she and Kumar would be in the big bed in the master bedroom, with Carolyn sleeping in April's room. 

As she made her way to the master bedroom, she gazed at that big bed, which evoked memories of the bed in that hotel room in Mexico where Kumar had deflowered her. That event, painful as it was in some ways, was such a huge moment in her physical and emotional life that she almost choked up thinking about. She was so distracted with her thoughts that she didn't even notice Kumar entering the room until he walked up behind her, placed his arms gently on her shoulders, and said in her ear, "Hello, April. It's wonderful to have you back." 

He calmly removed his clothing as she watched raptly, and she was thrilled with justifiable pride when she noticed he was already almost fully erect. He strode up to her, pulled the nightgown off of her shoulders, and let it fall silently to the floor. His eyes expanded at the fondly remembered image of her nudity, and at first all he did was to hold her close. The feel of their warm, naked bodies was so electrifying that both of them shivered. 

As he held her, and then kissed her—on the mouth, nose, cheeks, forehead, ears, and neck—he slipped a hand down to her groin and began stroking her sex. She had to admit that she loved to do this standing up, and she opened her legs and let him have full access to her moist labia and swelling clitoris. She clung to him, arms around his neck, as she received his stimulation while also taking his engorged member in her hand and tugging at it, renewing her acquaintance with its heft and firmness. 

The climax he gave her was curiously gentle, and the transition from mere excitement to full-fledged orgasm was all but imperceptible. Tremors coursed through her body, and she began to feel weak in the knees; but he was holding her firmly with his other arm while continuing to stroke her, squeezing the maximum pleasure out of her climax. 

She then fell to her knees, and again the recollection of this exact position in that Mexican hotel room was so overwhelming that she almost couldn't continue. Stifling a sob, she engulfed his cock in her mouth, moaning as the memories of its distinctive feel and taste flooded over her. 

She would have sucked him to orgasm, but she knew he had other things in mind. He led her to the bed, laid her gently on it as if she were a queen and he a humble attendant, and then he placed himself on top of her and, in a single motion, entered her. The fact that his member was several inches shorter than Rohit didn't concern her in the slightest; the weight of his body on her was thrilling in itself, and she was more than adequately filled by his cock. His thrusts were mild at first, but increased in pace as he warmed to the task and responded to her own urging to pummel her with all his energy; and it wasn't a surprise that his own climax was forced out of him in a matter of minutes. 

It was the first of a flurry of copulation that the two engaged in for the next several hours, resulting in orgasms from Kumar in April's bottom, mouth, and once more in her pussy while her own climaxes overwhelmed her to such a degree that they all seemed to meld into one. Even the simple act of cuddling between couplings was an intense and almost orgasmic experience. And, of course, the pinnacle of the experience was when Kumar said, with heartfelt sincerity: 

"I love you, April. I always have." 

What else could she say but "I love you too"? 

When, the next day, the three young people made their way to class, Melody said to April: 

"I hope you didn't wear him out last night!" 

"Oh, I think he'll be fine. You inspire him—I know that." 

"Not as much as you do." Turning to Rohit, Melody went on: "You sure you're okay with me and Kumar . . .?" 

"Of course," he said. "That's why I brought about this, um, reunion." 

"You're such a dear," Melody said, stopping him on the sidewalk to kiss him. 

"Hey, give me some of that!" April said, pulling Rohit away from her friend and giving him her own wet, sloppy kiss. 

"Come on, guys," Rohit said, flustered, "we have to get to class." 

That night, Melody didn't find Kumar in any way lacking in devotion when she came to his bed. She too was overcome with the memories of previous fusions of her body and soul with Kumar's, and she elicited three climaxes out of him while he gave her at least one or two more than that. There could be no doubt of the love that melded these two hearts together in an indissoluble union. 

But it was that next evening, after a hearty dinner, that April introduced a new element into the proceedings. Looking expansively over the two men and three women in the room, and gazing particularly at two individuals in particular, she announced in a clear voice: 

"I think Rohit should be with Mom tonight!" 

There was a dead silence as everyone took in the implications of the remark. 

Rohit, flushing as always when feeling awkward or embarrassed, first looked over to Carolyn: "Is that—is that something you'd like?" 

At her slow nod, he next turned his attention to the other man in the room. 

"Kumar, do you have any objections?" 

"Not in the slightest," he said magnanimously. 

Rohit lapsed into silence. It was too early to go right to bed, and anyway he—and the other young people—had plenty of homework to do. So while Kumar and Carolyn wrapped each other in their arms to watch a movie, the three college students hit the books. Only around 11 p.m. did they feel that they'd studied enough. Rohit and Melody were in their room, he at the desk and she on the bed. Kumar now drifted in, placing a hand on the younger man's shoulder and saying, "I think Carolyn's waiting for you." 

After that, Kumar went to April's room for the night. Rohit gave a quick and rather alarmed look at Melody, who said, "Go on—she wants you." 

Rohit stood up and walked stiffly out of the room and into the master bedroom, where Carolyn was lounging on the bed reading a magazine. She looked up when she saw Rohit and said, "Hi! Ready for bed?" 

That comment again agitated him, and he stood stock-still for a moment. Carolyn was in her nightgown, while Rohit was still fully dressed. 

She felt sorry for his discomfiture. He had never had any experience with women except those his own age—Melody and April—and it was abundantly clear that getting involved with an "older woman" was a big and perhaps frightening step for him. 

"Rohit," she said calmly, "we don't have to do anything if you don't want to." 

He nodded absently, but still made no effort to disrobe. At last he said: 

"I—I sleep in my underwear. Is that okay?" 

"Of course it is," she said. When he still remained motionless, she added with a smirk: "Do you want me to close my eyes? Or maybe face the wall?" 

"No, of course not. I'm just being silly." 

With that, he finally proceeded to undress. He left his underwear on and almost dashed to the bed before Carolyn could see the swelling of his member. 

She put the magazine away. "Would you like to cuddle for a bit?" 

"Yes, sure," he said. 

She slipped into his arms, lying almost on top of him as he held her in his arms. His breathing was becoming irregular as he got accustomed to the feel and scent of this quietly attractive older woman. She had nestled her head in the crook of his neck, and after a little while she lifted up her head, gazed into his eyes, and gave him a soft but firm kiss on the mouth. 

"You're such a dear, Rohit," she said. 

He swallowed hard, and she wondered whether he was going to shed a tear or two. But instead, he slowly reached a hand down from the small of her back to her bottom. She gasped softly but made no protest. Presently he tugged at her nightgown, pulling it up so that he could reach under it and stroke her bare bottom. It amazed Rohit that its texture could be somehow so different, and yet so similar, to Melody's and April's posteriors. He caught Carolyn by surprise by slipping his hand around to her belly and then between her legs, where her wetness made it obvious that she wanted him for more than just cuddling. 

She tugged the nightgown over her head and tossed it aside, then wrapped her arms around his neck, pressing her breasts against his chest as he continued to stimulate her. She gave out little mewing sounds as his slender fingers became quickly coated with her juices, and it took only minutes for him to coax a shuddering climax out of her. 
