 When April called to let me know she was going to be in town again, I couldn't have been more thrilled…or so I thought. We'd had one hell of a reunion last time she'd come to visit so I started looking forward to more incredible sex.

Since the last time we'd seen each other, April had been working a former colleagues of mine, Nadine, so April suggested we all have dinner together the first night she was in town. That was fine with me; I'd do about anything as long as I got to eat her pussy, fuck her and feel her hot mouth on my cock again. 

And I liked Nadine anyway; we'd worked on a project together and I thought she was really nice and not too hard on the eyes. April made all of the arrangements for us to get together for dinner and drinks the night she got into town. Nadine was going to meet us at the restaurant, but April and I were going to walk over there together. 

After a hello hug tight enough to give me a hard on, we started walking. When April started one of her sentences with the phrase "By the way, about last time..." my heart sank and I was sure all of my plans were headed down the drain. I figured that she must have started feeling guilty about the last time since both of us are married. 

The sentence continued "...not that I didn't have a great time, because I did, but..." and that "but" had me convinced I'd never see that tight body naked again. 

Nothing could have prepared me for the shock of the sentence ending with "...how would you feel about trying to get Nadine to join us this time?" 

I about tripped over my own jaw as it hit the pavement. I told her that I thought that would be absolutely great but I was never aware that she swung that way. She told me she didn't really swing that way, she just dabbled, but she'd felt an attraction to Nadine that just got stronger the more she got to know her. I told her she had my support and I'd just follow her lead.

We met Nadine at the restaurant and sat down with our menus and cocktails. By the time our food arrived, April had steered the conversation to her last visit. She started going into more detail than I had expected, sharing with Nadine the intimacies of our first tryst in her hotel room. 

God bless her, she made me sound like a stallion, so when I added my two cents, I made sure to reciprocate and made her out to be as incredible as I really felt she was. I elaborated not only on her sexual skills, but also on how hot and sexy her body is. 

At first I thought Nadine might ask us to keep our private details to ourselves, but she seemed to be hanging on every word. This was a good sign.

Once we'd covered every last detail of every encounter from the last trip, April closed her eyes and smiled. She was sitting across from me in the booth and Nadine was next to me on the inside next to the wall. April opened her eyes and looked at Nadine.

"Are you as hot as I am?" she asked. Nadine blushed and nodded and whispered that her panties were soaked. I casually asked if I might check this out for myself and, after a nod of encouragement from April, she agreed. 

I slipped my hand up her thigh and under her dress and when I encountered her panties, they were absolutely drenched. I told April how wet they were and April said hers were, too. April said she was going to take care of herself right now and suggested that Nadine let me do the same for her. 

I had no problem with that and told Nadine to slide her panties down to her knees. She did and my hand was back under her dress feeling the damp, matted pubes and an amazing amount of moisture between her lips. I slid my finger up and down a few times before focusing my attention on her clit. 

I tried to look casual to any passersby as I gently diddled Nadine's clit and watched April trying to suppress a look of ecstasy on her face. Nadine was rocking her hips against my finger and I knew she was leaving a wet spot on the seat that I'd have to repress the urge to lean over and sniff when she got up. 

It was incredible that I was sitting in a restaurant with two very attractive women who were both currently approaching orgasms. April suddenly cinched her eyes shut and let out a very ragged breath. Nadine's hips were really moving against my hand and within seconds of April's orgasm, she was cumming, too. When she finally stopped moving, I removed my hand and brought it first to my nose to inhale her scent, then touched it to my tongue and tasted her. 

Marvelous!

Once their heads had apparently cleared, April invited Nadine to join us back at her hotel room. Nadine smiled and accepted the invitation. I suggested that rather than pulling her panties back up, she take them off. She slid them off under the table and handed them to me and I discreetly held them up to my nose. I told her she smelled so good, I couldn't wait to eat her pussy. She just moaned softly in response. 

We got out of that restaurant and back to the hotel as quickly as we could. Riding the elevator up, we were fortunate to find ourselves alone so I slipped a hand up each of the ladies skirts and cupped their asses, Nadine's bare and April's still in panties. I alternately made out with each of them until the elevator came to a stop and we headed to April's room. 

Inside the room, April went to open the curtains so anyone who wanted to watch would be able to and I immediately began to unbutton Nadine's dress. I felt April come up behind me and unfasten my belt and pants. My pants were soon on the floor, followed quickly by Nadine's dress. Nadine stood before me wearing nothing but her bra. 

Nadine's ancestry is Chinese and, consequently, she is thin with petite breasts and a sparse black bush. While April helped me out of my shoes and socks, I reached out and caressed Nadine's breasts through her bra. Nadine was looking down and rubbing the bulge in the front of my briefs. April stood and pulled my shirt off and as she slid my briefs off, I unhooked the front clasp of Nadine's bra. Nadine and I were both naked, her bra dropping to the floor.

April was orchestrating everything. She had me lay on my back on the bed and had Nadine position herself so her pussy was over my face. Finally, I was going to taste this sweet thing. I slid a finger up into her slick channel as my tongue flicked at her clit. She started moaning right away and one hand gripped the headboard while the other played with her nipples. 

I had no idea what April was up to until I felt her weight on the bed followed by her warm, wet mouth on my aching cock. I figured it wouldn't take either of us very long to climax, so I focused my efforts on getting Nadine off while enjoying April's attention. I was licking and sucking Nadine's clit and pumping my finger in and out of her and her moans were getting longer and louder. 

April's lips slid up and down my pole while her fingers caressed my balls and her hand pumped up and down the base. I felt her tongue tasting my balls and circling the head before feeling my cock again engulfed in her hot mouth. I could feel my orgasm beginning to build and it was incredible. I started playing with Nadine's asshole with my free hand while eating and fingering her pussy and she responded by cumming and flooding my mouth with her pungent juices. 

I drank them all down as I felt my orgasm reaching its peak, my cock swelling and finally exploding into April's mouth.

Nadine swung off me and sat beside me on the bed. When April released my cock, I slid up and sat beside Nadine, leaning against the headboard. April was still dressed, so she stood on the end of the king-sized bed and started doing a striptease for us. 

She was wearing a short skirt and blouse and started by raising her skirt to flash her black panties at us. We egged her on with some rude commentary. She held her skirt around her waist and gyrated her hips at us then turned and bent over, showing us her ass. She pulled her panties up between her cheeks and shook her ass then turned around again showing us that her panties were also pulled up between her lips. 

She rubbed the material against her clit, masturbating for us, then abruptly yanked her panties off and kicked them to us. I held them to my nose and inhaled her scent, slightly different from Nadine's though I couldn't explain exactly how. I handed them to Nadine, anxious to see what she did with them, but rather than sniffing them herself, she wrapped them around my limp cock and started massaging it back to life. 

Meanwhile, April had unzipped and dropped her skirt, showing us her narrow strip of a black bush hiding her pussy lips. She was pulling her blouse up and running her hands over her stomach and hips, down her thighs and over her pussy. She moved her hands up to play with her tits, then pulled the blouse over her head. Her nipples were straining against the material of her black, lacy bra, so she pulled that off as well. 

She danced naked for us for a few minutes, pulling her nipples and fingering her pussy, and I could feel the blood beginning to return to my prick.

April walked up over me until her pussy was in my face and I immediately began to lick it, my hands gripping her bare ass. After a minute or two, she asked me slide down the bed and when I did she turned and lowered herself onto my face backward so she also had access to my cock. She beckoned Nadine to give her a hand and as I ate April's pussy, the two of them alternated sliding their mouths and tongues over my growing prick. 

I was slipping a finger in and out of April's pussy while licking and sucking her clit and drinking the juices that were dripping into my mouth. I could feel both of their mouths on me at once, one on my balls, the other on my shaft. I heard April tell Nadine that it looked like I was good and ready and she should go ahead and mount me. 

April later told me that Nadine had positioned herself over me while April had grasped my cock and as Nadine lowered herself, April took her first opportunity to touch Nadine by holding Nadine's pussy open as I slid in. Since Nadine didn't say anything, April went ahead and rubbed her thumb over Nadine's clit a few times then leaned down and began to lick it as Nadine started to ride me. 

Nadine's pussy felt incredible from the first instant, soft and slippery and hot. She was sliding herself slowly up and down my rod as I was eating April's pussy and April was licking and sucking Nadine's clit. April was the first to cum, exploding all over my face while still enjoying Nadine's pussy. The combination of my cock, April's tongue and I think the overall situation had Nadine cumming again as April lapped up the juices leaking around my cock.

April called for a reposition and had Nadine sit up against the headboard. April got on all fours between Nadine's spread legs and began to eat her pussy with enthusiasm. I knew where I was needed and got behind April. I rubbed my cock back and forth through her bush a few times before lining up and pushing into her. Oh God did she feel good! 

She moaned into Nadine's pussy and went right on eating. Nadine had her eyes closed, one hand on April's head and the other on one of her own tits. I grasped April's hips and started sliding slowly in and out of her. I was watching Nadine's reactions to April eating and wished I could see exactly what was going on down there - it was exciting me to new levels. 

I could see that one of April's hands was pumping a few fingers into Nadine and it turned out her other hand was on her own clit. The hotter I was getting, the harder I started fucking April. Her hot pussy was gripping me so nicely, making me want to fill her with cum, but I had another idea. 

I kept on fucking her, even when I felt her pussy convulsing and trying to milk my orgasm out as she came. That got me pretty close, but about the time she took her hand from her clit and put it to work with the other one on Nadine, I pulled out of her wet pussy with a slurpy sound and brought my cock over to Nadine's face. She took me in her mouth, tasting April's juices at the same time, and began to suck me earnestly. I had been just on the brink when I'd pulled out of April, so it didn't take much to get me back there. 

When Nadine started to cum under April's attentions, she moaned around my cock which was filling her mouth. The vibrations from her moans in combination with her hot mouth and pumping hand brought me to a climax and I pumped a load of my seed into her mouth. We had all cum, so we fell into a heap on the bed.

We rested, April and I on either side of Nadine, still touching, caressing and fondling each other. The two of them naked together was just an incredible sight, their dark bushes, their small breasts with somewhat different nipples. I knew at some point I'd be comparing their pussies at close range. 

Nadine admitted not only had she never been in a threesome before, but she'd never even had a remotely bi experience before. She was thrilled by it and also mentioned that, having tasted April's juices on my cock, she was ready to get even more into it. I looked on as she and April began to make out, feeling each other's tits and pussies. 

I suggested that Nadine give eating pussy a serious try and had April sit up against the headboard while Nadine lay on her stomach between April's legs. I still wasn't quite hard again, but seeing Nadine's tongue darting out into April's bush, seeing the look of shear pleasure on April's face and seeing the round curve of Nadine's ass was getting the blood flowing again. 

I brought my cock up to April's face and she took it in her hand and wrapped her lips around it. She was moaning as she sucked, so it sounded like Nadine was doing a good job. I looked around as best I could and saw Nadine pumping a finger into April while licking and sucking her clit. This and April's mouth brought me about to a full erection, so I pulled away from April and suggested they 69. 

I wanted Nadine on top because I planned to be fucking her, so that's how they positioned themselves. I watched them going at it for a few minutes, my cock in hand, listening to their slurping and moaning, appreciating their curves, then moved behind Nadine and guided my cock into her dripping, slippery, hot pussy. She moaned and pushed back against me as I felt April's tongue on my balls. I pumped in and out of Nadine, occasionally feeling April's tongue on my cock as well, but mostly she was working on Nadine. 

The combination of both of our attentions had Nadine cumming pretty quickly, but I wasn't close yet, so I kept fucking until I heard April moaning through an orgasm as well. I pulled out of Nadine then and suggested another change of position.

Nadine rolled over onto her back and April spun around and lay on top of her, face-to-face and tit-to-tit. They both spread their legs and I put my face between them. I put my tongue and several fingers to work and alternately ate and fingered both of them at the same time. My cock was still raging, so after a few highly enjoyable minutes, I lined up my cock with Nadine's pussy, thrust in and out of her a few times, then pulled out and plunged into April. 

I switched back and forth, enjoying both of their pussies while they made out and rubbed their nipples together. When I was on the verge of cumming, I pulled out and crawled up the bed, putting my cock in their faces. They took turns sucking me and licking my balls until I started to cum then, just like in a porno, they jerked me onto their faces, drinking what they could and wearing the rest. When I'd run out of jizz, they started licking each other's faces off. I plopped next to them on the bed and watched.

We still had a couple of hours before Nadine and I had to get back to our respective spouses and we certainly made the most of it. We managed to all get together once more before April left town, though I saw her a couple of times myself and I'm sure Nadine did, too. Nadine and I get together once in a while now and always try to call April so she can listen in. I know there will be a variety of fun times between now and then, but I can't wait until the next time April is in town.