 The day started like so many others for Joe Stevens, a thirty year old architect in central Florida. A couple of hours at the office to browse through the previous day's mail, return a few calls to prospective client's, then off to the job site to monitor the progress of his latest creation, which was scheduled to be completed in twelve weeks.

Joe ambled to his car in his usual fast gait, aided by long, powerful legs that supported his six foot-two inch frame. His current project was the result of two year's of tedious planning. Shireport Lakes was planned as a sprawling office complex located in an upscale suburb on the west side of town. Joe and his partner, Enzo Corelli, had passed over some short term projects that would have netted some much needed cash flow, to create what they hoped would propel their firm into the top five in the Southeastern United States.

He sped west on Interstate 10 with the top down on his black Mercedes convertible, his hair whipping in the wind, while the sun shone on his already bronze face. His blue eyes were hidden by a pair of designer sunglasses. On the beach, the athletic build, slightly long blond hair, and toothy smile would easily portray him as a surfer, but in his light blue shirt and expensive silk tie, Joe looked like the consumate successful architect.  He tuned the radio to his favorite jazz station and forgot about construction delays, material cost, and next week's payroll to enjoy a beautiful, cool April day in Florida.

As he whipped his Benz into the job site, Enzo was waiting for him and motioned him to stay in the car, then jumped in the passenger seat. He told Joe that they had a lunch meeting with a prospective client from North Carolina in fifteen minutes. After trying to lay a guilt trip on Joe for forgetting the appointment, Enzo finally admitted that he had forgotten to mention the meeting that had been scheduled two weeks previously. 

While Joe and Enzo were close friends and business partners, their appearance was a study in contrasts.  Enzo had wavy black hair, and deep sparkling brown eyes. His face was baby smooth and his dark skin left no doubt of his Italian heritage. While only five foot-ten inches tall, Enzo had a thick chest and strong, defined arms as a result of regular work at the gym. On the ride to the restaurant, Enzo explained that they were meeting, Leslie Hasen, Chief Operating Officer of a large multi-state pharmaceutical firm to discuss plans to consolidate offices in North Carolina. The plan was for lunch at Anthony's located on the 54th floor of the Sherman Building, then a tour of the Shireport Lakes construction site.

Ten minutes late for lunch, the maitre'd showed them to the table where Leslie Hasen was already enjoying a glass of white wine. She remained seated as Joe and Enzo introduced themselves. Joe was surprised by Leslie's age, mid to late thirties, young for a chief operating officer of a half billion dollar company. Her short brown hair provided the perfect frame for her pixie face, pale smooth skin and large blue eyes. Leslie's sultry southern speech was often interupted by flashes of a brilliant smile.

After a lunch that included three bottles of wine, Joe paid the bill and they started for the large outdoor elevator that would bring them from the 54th floor to the underground parking garage. As they stood in the elevator, Joe's eyes moved from Leslie's face and realized that she was an incredibly attractive woman. She was only slightly taller than five foot, but had incredibly firm and shapely legs accentuated by three inch spike heels. She wore a peach color suit with a white silk shell, and even though dressed conservatively, Joe could tell that her waist was tiny and her breasts were huge.

As they reached the garage, Joe realized that his car would only seat two passengers. Leslie told them that she had a rental car and could follow behind to the job site. Enzo quickly agreed to ride with Leslie so that she would not get lost. The morning sun had been replaced by heavy afternoon clouds, so Joe decided to put the top up on the Mercedes and then began the 30 minute drive to Shireport.

When they arrived at the site at 3:00, most of the workers had left for the day. To beat the imminent rain, Joe and Enzo quickly took Leslie on a tour of the site. She was impressed with the layout of the property and the planning of an efficient work environment, while maintaining an impressive visual creation.

As they headed back to the car, the skies opened up and rain poured on the trio. They began to run for the car, but realizing they were still 200 yards away, Joe directed the group to the construction trailer. The door was locked, but he quickly found the key and the group hustled into the trailer and closed the door. 

Leslie's hair and jacket were soaked. Enzo found a roll of paper towels and showed her to the bathroom to dry off. Joe searched the desk and found a bottle of brandy, then poured the amber liquid into three paper cups. 

When Leslie returned, Enzo was seated at the desk and Joe in one of two chairs in front of the desk. As she approached the empty chair, Joe quickly realized that Leslie had removed her wet jacket revealing her ample breasts and protruding nipples through the wet silk shell. They began to look at some of the architectural drawings on the desk, when Leslie stood so that she could get a better view. Joe stood behind Leslie and maintaining his professionalism, began to point out some of the features of the project on the drawings before them.

Periodically, Joe could feel Leslie's round ass rub against his crotch. Each time he would back away slightly, but after several brushes with her soft back side, he began to feel a warmth and tingling in his crotch. Leslie was apparently aware of the effect she was having and began to grind her bottom more deliberately into Joe's expanding member. While Enzo was unaware of what was happening "behind the scenes", he was certainly enjoying the view of Leslie's 38 DD breasts pressed against her sheer bra and wet silk top. Aware of Enzo's interest, she leaned further over the desk to give him a view down her top at the deep, bare cleavage.

By now, both Joe and Enzo had lost concentration on the discussion of the project, as the blood flowed from the brain to the growth in their pants created by the beautiful vixen before them. The wetness in her pussy signalled Leslie that it was time to move from teasing to pleasure. She reached behind her and began to massage Joe's cock through his pants while leaning across to plant a deep kiss on Enzo's lips. Joe reached his hand up Leslie's skirt and pressed his middle finger at the wet spot in her thong panties. Enzo began to massage her massive breasts while their tongues were entwined in a long passionate kiss.

When the kiss broke, Joe turned Leslie toward him and sat her on the edge of the desk. Kissing her deeply, he took a turn at massaging her breasts, then removed the silk top and bra, exposing the most beautiful full tits he had ever seen. She laid back on the desk, and Joe removed her skirt, stockings and panties, revealing a neatling trimmed pussy, with thick, blood gorged lips. Joe bent down to her pussy and enjoyed her sweet, musky scent before manuevering his tongue between her lips to taste the sweet juice that flowed from her box. Leslie moaned with delight at the first flick of his tongue over her slick, wet pussy.

In the meantime, Enzo had dropped his pants to display his thick cock. Leslie quickly grabbed the six inch meat that dangled just above her face. What Enzo lacked in length, he made up in girth, with a cock that measured three inches in circumference. Leslie opened her mouth wide to swallow the thick dick, gagging at first as her mouth adjusted to the huge member. Enzo kneaded Leslie's huge breasts and rolled her large nipples between his fingers as she sucked him deep in her mouth.

Joe continued to work his tongue up and down Leslie's slit, then sensing her heightened arousal began to concentrate on her swollen clit.  His tongue lapped at her growing clitoris as she pulled on the back of his head to pull him closer to her. Sensing that her climax was near, Joe fluttered his tongue like a butterfly over her swollen clit sending her over the top as her cunt spasmed a long, deep orgasm. Leslie gagged a couple of times as she came, but did not lose rhythm as she continued to suck Enzo.

Joe then stood and removed his pants, his nine inch cock standing at full attention. In no mood to wait for attention, he slid the head of his cock up and down Leslie's pussy, then entered her an inch at a time, impaling the full nine inches into her on the fourth thrust. He took slow, deep thrusts into her tight and wet pussy, his huge balls bouncing lightly on her tight asshole when he entered her fully. Leslie removed Enzo from her mouth momentarily as she gasped from the huge cock that now completely filled her.

His thrusts began to pick up at a steady pace, as he grabbed her small waist to pull himself deeper into her wonderful pussy. She began to moan a deep gutteral moan with each thrust. Joe looked down to see the lips of her pussy stretch around his cock as he pulled out of her, then return to position as he thrust deep inside of her. His balls became heavy with cum and he knew his climax was near. Leslie was approaching her own climax and began to suck Enzo deeper into her mouth, while she massaged his massive balls, oblivious to the size that at first had been difficult for her mouth to accomodate. Joe began to quicken the pace, and grunted deeply knowing that he would deliver his load in the next few thrusts. Leslie felt Joe grow inside of her, as the first burst of cum shot from his cock and hit the back of her pussy, it was followed by a second and third burst that were almost as large. Leslie's pussy contracted in a strong orgasm, while Joe continued to shoot a series of smaller shots of thick pearly cream into Leslie's silky wet pussy.

Not to be left out, Enzo let out a small scream as he emptied his massive balls down Leslie's throat. Leslie gobbled down the thick goo as quickly as she could, but some of the liquid escaped her lips and dribbled down her chin. She continued to take the last few drops between her pursed lips until Enzo was sucked dry. Joe pulled his now limp member from Leslie's pussy and watched as ounce after ounce of thick white cum poured out of Leslie's hard fucked pussy.

As the three lovers recovered, Joe could not help but begin to think about how embarassed they may all feel in the next few minutes. But Leslie calmed his fears with a kiss on the lips for both men and then she asked for another glass of brandy. Minutes later, Joe felt compelled to apologize for what they did, but Leslie's retort was quite surprising. "Who said we were done?" she said. 

She reached out and began fondling Joe's limp member, which quickly began to spring to life. While Joe stood, she knelt before him and began to suck his big nine inch cock deep into her mouth, while looking deep into his eyes. Periodically she pulled her mouth off of his cock to lick his balls and tease the head of his long member with the tip of her tongue. After a few minutes his balls once again were ready to empty. Aided by her talented tongue and her finger tips that teased his sac, he exploded in her mouth sending wave after wave of jism down her pretty throat. After sucking him dry, she turned to Enzo, hard dick in hand, and she layed on the desk, then signalled him to enter her pussy.

Enzo's huge, thick cock seemed to split her in two, but she greedily took him deep into her wet cunt. He rocked deep and hard into her for several minutes. Each time his cock withdrew a look of animal passion appeared on her face as she anticipated the wide thrust of his big dick. He worked her large tits with his hands while keeping his pace as he impaled her pussy. Enzo finally grabbed her shoulders and with five deep slams shot his load deep into her pussy. Tears of joy streamed from her face as she screamed out in wild climax.

After the trio recovered, they drove Leslie to her hotel where she kissed Enzo and Joe goodbye, and promised a return trip to see Shireport at completion. All three looked forward to a repeat visit.