 All you told me was that you had something special in store for tonight, and that it would blow my mind. When you called and said I should get ready for it, you'd told me to take a shower and make sure I was clean. Clean from top to bottom, you said. Spic and span, you said. You wanted me to wait for you to come home; to wait for you in the bedroom, nude and with the lights out. You said it would all make sense later, to just wait for it. You said it would be worth it.

But now I've been waiting for it for over an hour and I keep glancing at the clock on your dresser and wondering where you are. Usually when you come home from work you get here right after six so I made sure I was ready for you then, but now it's almost eight and there's no sign of anyone. Just me, alone at home and waiting naked and cold in the bedroom. I'm starting to get a little nervous but I'm not sure how much of that is from your being late or from the uncertainty of what you have in store.

Finally though, just as I'm about to give up hope, it's exactly eight o'clock when I hear the front door open downstairs and I hear your footsteps walking down the hallway toward the bedroom door. I look up from the bed where I've been waiting and there you are, standing in the doorway and silhouetted by the hallway light, the curve of your hips creating a delightful shape in the glare and the tilt of your head inquisitive, spurring my curiosity as well. 

"Are you ready, then?"

Of course I am. I've been lying here on the bed nude for an hour and a half waiting patiently. Just waiting to see what you might have in store for me tonight, what could be worth the suspense.

"I have to get ready. It'll only be a while longer. I promise."

You're gone as quickly as you arrived and you shut the door behind you, leaving me in the dark to wonder a while longer at what you have in mind. After about ten minutes of hearing rustling in the guest bedroom down the hall I start to pace, my cock hanging limply before me and my arms crossed, a little annoyed and a little afraid. I can hear something going on in there and I'm nervous. Finally, the door opens and I hear your voice again.

"Stop. Stay where you are and close your eyes."

I'm facing away from the door but I can see there's still light coming from the hallway. I can't see you but I close my eyes anyway and wait. I try my best to focus on nothing at all as I hear you walk towards me but then, when I feel arms wrap around my chest, they aren't yours.

Whoever it is, they're taller than you and with a start I realize they're taller than me. Taller and with more hair on the forearms which are wrapping around my chest as I come to realize that the body pressing against my back is flat and hard. Hard like the long, wide warmth I feel pressed against my lower back. Warm and pulsing, that hard, long thing presses between us and I know what it is. It feels like it reaches half way to my shoulders and I shiver. I know that it's far, far larger than my own and I am afraid.

But those arms are tender and one of the hands reaches down to gently caress my own hardening shaft while the other begins to pinch one of my nipples as his lips find my neck, gently nibbling and sucking there as I become fully erect, my cock feeling as if it's about to burst.

I'm so wrapped up in the feeling of this large warm body pressed against me and the pulsing thing between us that it takes me a while to realize you're on your knees before me, licking the tip of my cock and swallowing the dollops of precum that he's stroking out of me. You're smiling up at me while you do and I see that the hand there is larger than mine and it guides my cock into your mouth.

I close my eyes again as I feel the hand pull away and my cock slide down your throat. Soon your nose is buried in my thatch as his hands play with my nipples again, gently sliding over my stomach and my chest, tickling the hairs there. Again, I'm distracted by his hands and I barely notice that you're touching me too, sliding your hands over my ass cheeks and massaging them there, occasionally grazing a finger through my crack and sending a shiver down my spine.

I keep my eyes closed as he teases my nipple and one of his hands leaves my chest to join you on my ass, gripping one cheek firmly and squeezing it as you pull your hands away to play with my balls and stroke the base of my cock gently. I feel that shape pressed against my back pulse and shake between me and the stranger and it feels even better than the tip of your tongue on the head of my cock.

He's still nibbling on my neck though while you bob on my cock and I look down as you pull your mouth away to see your fingers dip across your tongue, pulling a giant dollop of your saliva and my own precum from your mouth before reaching back and slathering it against my ass, working it down against my hole and massaging it as you slide me back into your mouth. 

He's spreading my ass cheeks for you as you begin to slip your fingers into me gently, just the one at first, sliding it in tenderly and cautiously, watching my face above you. I'm lost in the feelings though and while I'm lost he pulls my head back and I feel his lips press into mine as he pulls his body away slightly, his giant cock sliding against my back and spreading wet streak he's left there. It seems his own cock is leaking even more precum than mine and there's no one to lick it up. Suddenly I have the urge to do it myself.

But you're bobbing away on me and I can feel his precum start to dribble down to the top of my ass as two of your fingers are sliding in there when he pushes me down. As I fall against you we both land on the floor but my cock never leaves your mouth and your fingers never leave my ass. You land on your back and I'm above you on my hands and knees as you keep sucking me and fingering me like nothing's happened but he's pulled away from me.

He's straddling you behind me and I can hear the slippery squishes of him stroking himself there while you tease the end of my cock with your tongue and play with my balls. Content to just hold myself above you I feel your hand move to stretch my ass and suddenly I hear him spit and feel the warm splat of his saliva on my asshole. A perfect hit, it's not the last and by the time he's ready to pull your hands away my asshole is swimming in precum and spit and more than ready for more attention.

His fingers start to touch me then, larger than yours but aided by the continuous dollops of precum and spit that you pull from your own mouth, still around my cock, and slap back there between us, sliding your own fingers around his thicker ones, trying your best to slide one of your own in with each that he puts there.

When I feel him bending behind me and nibbling on my back I can still hear him sloppily jerking himself behind me and I feel two of your thin fingers slide into me around his own two, stretching me wide. He works his way up my back then, gentle nibbles and sucklings ending up on my neck. He pulls me around again to kiss him as his chest presses against my back and I'm lost in it all as I feel the tip of his cock begin to dance over my ass cheeks, your fingers and his still buried there inside me, sliding in ever faster and harder. One, two, three, then five between the two of you, stretching me out like I've never been stretched but still so much smaller than the monster that bounces off my ass cheeks even now, leaving little driblets of precum as it does.

Finally you pull your mouth away from my cock and slide up between my arms and legs until we're at eye level, pulling my lips away from his and jerking my body down onto yours, my cock sliding into your sopping wet pussy at a single plunge. I fall onto you and before I can register it your breasts are pressed between us, your chest heaving and your gushing hole pulsing around me. The two of us lying on one another I feel his body behind me again and his hands there too, pulling my cheeks apart and spitting on them again. You pull your lips away from my mouth once more and whisper in my ear as I feel the very tip of him against me, softly pushing.

"I love you baby. Thank you."

He pushes himself softly against me and I pull away, pushing my own cock into you harder as I do and you moan gently into my ear as I push as far as I can, his cock finally lining up with my pulsing wet hole, ready and eager. It slides in quickly and all the preparations help but it's BIG and it hurts. I breathe quickly and hard against you as he slides in and it stretches me out so much that I think I can't take anymore, but then he stops.

It's in.

He's moaning into my ear and as you do your best to move against me and thrust me into you more, you push me back against him and he starts to slide out, gently and slowly, before sliding further in again. He's trying to start a rhythm but flashes of pain are still going off in my brain even as I feel his hard nipples against my back, your hard nipples against my chest, and I realize he's all the way in. All the way down to the hilt. That long, gigantic snake all the way inside me, bigger than any I've ever seen and it's inside me. Filling me up with warmth, it starts to hurt a little less and we all take a deep breath before we try to find our rhythm.

He gets faster almost imperceptibly and it's not enough for you. You're doing your best to have me fuck you harder and as you do he starts to fuck me harder too, pressing me between the two of you like a toy for both your pleasure. Finally we find a nice pace as he moans into my left ear and you moan into my right, each of you occasionally biting my ear or my neck in a moment of pleasure, oblivious to all but the feelings of your own bodies with mine just an after thought.

I can't help but squeak in pleasure and pain as it changes slowly to more good feelings than bad and I slowly come to realize that he's pushing his dick into me deep and hard, just like I would a woman. Just like I do you every night, he's pounding me and it feels good. I'm not sure how long we've been going but I know it's long enough for him to build up a good momentum and for me to get used to it. You're squirming underneath me all the while with your own pussy gushing juices all over me as he slides in and out of my well lubed asshole. It's heaven and I can't help but moan in you ear thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Finally you're grabbing onto my arms and digging your nails into them, biting my neck on the one side while he bites on the other. I can feel the hickeys from both of you forming and you start to scream for me to fuck you harder. I'm doing my best but at some point I realize I'm less pounding down into you and more pounding up and against him, desperate for the filling warmth that his cock gives. Then I realize that it's not you screaming anymore for me to fuck you harder but it's my own voice that's screaming. Begging to be rammed harder and faster. 

I look down and your smiling at me and I know this is just what you wanted. You wanted to see his dick, so big and warm inside me and me begging for it while my own cock pounds into your pussy.

As I close my eyes in the pleasure I can feel you moving and squirming beneath me and I known you're starting to cum, scratching my back and doing your best to wrap your legs around both of us and pull us harder into you, press you harder against the floor. Moaning into my ear I feel you squirting beneath me, your body shuddering and trying to pull away as you come fast and hard, your pussy clenching me and bringing me ever closer to my own climax.

His dick is so big and warm inside me and I can feel his pace quickening as I moan in tune with you, all of us moving at a fast and pounding hard pace. I realize there's been no pain for a long time and the pleasure drowns my mind out. There's only your pussy clenching around me and his cock pulsing in my ass.

I realize his pace is off and he's fucking me harder but it's more erratic. I can tell he's turned on by your cumming and I know he's as close as I am. Grunting against me, his heavy body pushing us both deeper into the carpet, he gives a few final, long and hard thrusts into me and I can feel that giant member pulse and shake inside me. The warmth of his cum is like nothing I've ever felt and as it shoots inside me one giant squirt at a time, I come too, my own streams of jizz filling you up beneath me just as his feels me up above.

We lay for a little while, him on top of us both and all of us full and sated before he finally pulls out and rolls beside us. When is softening cock pulls out of me I can feel his cum drip out gently onto my thighs, pooling there in warm little puddles. I think that he must've been long pent up to have cum so hard but then as I pull myself out of you I can see that I've made my own cream pie there with jizz pouring out of your pussy and pooling together on the floor. With a smile I realize that my own ass must look as much a cream pie as your pussy and I fall beside you, the three of us holding each other as we lie there, exhausted.

Just as I begin to enjoy the snuggling though, I see you're glancing between the two of us and with a wink you reach down and flick the end of his still hard cock.

"Don't think we're done yet. I still get my turn at this bad boy. . ."