 CHAPTER 1. FANTASIES FULFILLED

"Are you sure you want me to do this?" I asked my husband of seven years. We were in our ocean suite on a "special" cruise, one we'd booked through a select travel agency. We had fantasized for years about sex with another man, or men, and when Chet discovered this "swingers' cruise" I agreed to try it. Chet has been after me to have sex with other men for the last couple of years, and I must admit the idea had grown on me. Now here I was, dressed as he'd requested, in a black chemise, black lace thigh-top stockings, a pair of black "fuck me" pumps, and no panties. My naked cunt and impressive tits were all brazenly on display for whoever Chet invited to join us. He has insisted I leave my naked, 36D tits out above the top of the chemise, and as always I complied with his request. I'm the CEO of a small corporation in the "real" world, but in our fantasies I am always Chet's "slut wife." Now we were going to change those fantasies into reality, and I was as excited as Chet. My pussy was wet, and I could smell my essence. 

"Yes. I'm sure," Chet breathed. "Are you, Dana?" His cock was already hard, and as I stared at the thick, seven inch long lump in his thin jogging shorts, I knew he was as excited as I was over what we were about to do. I could see the wet stain in the shorts where his cock touched them, and when he came over to me with the wrist and ankle restraints I almost came just from knowing what we were going to do. My husband was going to bring a man back into the room with him... a bisexual man... and that man was going to fuck me while my husband held me in his arms. Then he was going to suck the cum from a stranger's cock out of my pussy while I took the man's slimy cock into my mouth.

"If you really think you can handle this, I'll do it," I breathed. 

"He'll do nasty things to you."

"I know. Isn't that what you want?"

"YES!" Chet hissed, his cock jumping as he said the word. "You'll be okay with that? Being my whore?" Chet asked.

"Of course, my love," I said, anxious now, anxious for him to invite into our cabin. "I want it, too."

He kissed me then, before attaching my wrists and ankles to the fur-lined restraints. Then he raised my arms and hooked the restraints to the headboard of the bed, repeating the process with the ankle restraints. 

He stood over me then, looking down at me as his cock lurched again. 

"You're beautiful," he said, before leaning down to gently dip his fingers inside my juicy cunt. I momentarily turned my head away from his hand when he wiped the smelly fingers on my lips, but then he did it again, and something inside me snapped, and I opened my mouth and sucked my cunt juices from his fingers.

"Do it again!" I said, knowing he knew how much I hate the smell of cunt. I was telling him I WANTED him to do things to me that I found distasteful, and so he did it. He wiped my face in the rank juices from my cunt, and I shuddered as some kind of perverted lust washed over me.

He kissed me again then, licking my lips, then grinned and said, "Now you smell like a randy cunt."

"Then let me be one. Bring me some cock," I breathed, feeling another wave of wet, erotic pleasure filling my cunt.

"Don't go away," he grinned. And then he was gone.

I'm not sure how long I waited for him. Perhaps ten minutes. Perhaps an hour. I lost all track of time, but when I heard the lock on our cabin door click, I felt my pussy contract...just before I got the shock of my life.

"OH! MISS! Sorry!" a cabin attendant exclaimed. Then, "Who DOES this to you! I go... get help!"

"NO!" I gasped. "It's okay! I... we... my husband... he... he went to get a... a friend. He wants me like this. I want it, too," I said, becoming aroused now, to be seen like this, dressed like a slut, my naked tits and cunt exposed to the maid.

She came into the room then, over to the bed as the door closed behind her. 

"You LET him to do this, Miss?" she asked, gazing at my erect nipples, then my hairy, wet cunt.

"Yes. I WANTED him to do it. He... he's bringing a man back with him. They're both going to fuck me... and feed me their cocks," I groaned, incredibly aroused to be saying this to her.

"Oh Miss!" she said, her face coloring as she continued to stare down at me. "You are so beautiful. And so lucky to have such a man. To have husband to let you do like this," she said, sitting on the bed next to me now.

"Yes. I am lucky," I said, watching her staring me. "Do you think I look sexy...sexy enough for another man to want to fuck me?"

"Oh Miss, YES! You... you VERY sexy," she whispered, and I knew. She wanted me, too.

"Touch me. Make me ready for them," I said. "Kiss me. Anywhere. On my lips... my tits... or down there... on my cunt."

"Oh Miss!!" she gurgled. "YES?"

"DO IT!" I gasped squirming on the bed. And she did.

"UMMMMM!" the young woman moaned, moving to my pussy. She was attractive... obviously from the Islands somewhere, her chocolate skin flawless, and when her full lips gently kissed my cunt I moaned, causing her to bury her face in my wet opening. I felt her tongue sloshing around in my wetness, and saw her fingers up under her dress, rubbing herself as she ate me.

"Oh GOD!" I groaned, my orgasm approaching as I squirmed beneath her tender licking.

"HMMMMMM!!" she moaned, sucking my juices, her orgasm slamming into her then as her fingers flew over her pussy. I was just about to come myself, when suddenly the door opened and Chet walked in with a handsome young man.

"Well, well... what have we here?" Chet grinned.

"OH! Sweet Dios!" the maid yelped, jumping up from the bed, wiping her mouth with her sleeve as Chet and the young man grinned at her. "So sorry, mister. Please! You no tell no one PLEASE! I lose my job. Please! You no tell, yes?" she began to sob. 

"Hey, no crying. It's okay? Your secret is safe with us. If you want, you can stay and join us," Chet grinned.

"Oh no, sir! Thank you, sir. I... I have go now. I... I..."

"Please. Don't worry. Go. But come back anytime. Come back and eat my wife again anytime you wish. Maybe I can fuck you. We'll be here all week. What's your name?"

"Janielle," she said. "So sorry!" Then she quickly darted out of the room.

"So this is her," the young man said, looking down at me as Chet put out the "Do Not Disturb" sign and locked our door.

"Yes. This is Dana. Dana, meet Terry," Chet said. "Didn't I tell you she was a hot slut?"

"Yes, you did, but I thought you were kidding. She's 52 years old? That's amazing. She looks 32, not 52!"

"Please. Make yourself at home," my husband said. "I am." Then Chet quickly stripped off his shorts and tee shirt. Naked, he squeezed his cock as he watched James undressing. The young man had shaved his pubic area, and his naked balls and smooth young cock were already hard, a droplet of pre-cum goo dripping from the tip of his large crowned cockhead.

"Isn't it beautiful, darling?" he said, walking over to the young man, wrapping his fingers around Terry's cock.

"Yes!" I hissed, so hot now I would have fucked anyone who wanted me.

"Do you want it?" Chet asked, as Terry grasped my husband's cock, then brought it to the head of his own dick, wiping the two cocks together.

"Give it to me!" I gasped. "PUT IT IN MY CUNT! PLEASE!" I begged Terry.

"I think she wants you to fuck her," Chet grinned. "Don't you, my love."

"YES!" I hissed, watching as Chet led Terry over to the bed.

"Do it, Terry. Fuck her. FUCK MY SLUT WIFE!" Chet said, crawling on the bed next to me. He kissed me, then lay next to me, masturbating as he watched. "You fucking slut. God I love you... cunt! You are, aren't you? A fucking cunt!"

"Yes!" I hissed, loving his nasty words, wanting to hear them, wanting to be the slut he'd always wanted me to be. "Put that hot cock in my fucking cunt, Terry. FUCK MY HUSBAND'S SLUT WIFE FOR HIM!" And oh my God did he!

"Hmmm, GOD she's wet!" Terry groaned as his young, hard cock slid into me.

"Oh GOD!" I gasped, staring into my husband's eyes. 

"Don't look away, darling. Look at me. I want to see into your soul while his cock penetrates you. I want to watch as his cock transforms you into the fucking slut we both want you to be. Can you feel it, baby? Can you feel his hot, hard, YOUNG cock FUCKING you, you fucking whore?"

"YES!" I hissed. "I love this, darling. Another man's COCK in my PUSSY while you're WATCHING IT... WATCHING your wife becoming the SLUT you always wanted me to become."

"Slut! Fucking SLUT! Fucking WHORE!" Chet snarled, masturbating harder now.

"Yes! I am. I'll fuck anyone, baby. ANYBODY WITH A COCK. I'll open my legs for them and let them FUCK me and COME in me, in my fucking CUNT! CONDOMS NOT ALLOWED, darling! BAREBACK COCKS ONLY! And they can come on in my pussy... Or ON MY TITS... my FACE! ANYWHERE... ANYTHING THEY WANT ME TO DO, I'LL DO IT!" I wailed, loving the fucking this young man was giving me.

"COME IN HER! COME IN HER FUCKING WHORE CUNT!" Chet said, quickly getting up, kneeling next to my face.

"Yes! Give it to me. Come on me. COME ON MY FUCKING FACE, YOU PIMP. COME ON ME WHILE THIS YOUNG COCK COMES INSIDE YOUR FUCKING WIFE'S PUSSYYYYY!" I wailed.

"Oh FUCK!" Terry gasped, and I felt it then, felt his hot hard cock expand, felt him push against my body as hard as he could, rigid against me, not moving his cock, embedding it as deeply up inside my cunt as he could. I felt him reach beneath my ass cheeks then, lifting my helpless, restrained ass into his crotch so he could burrow deeper inside my wet cunt. 

"Oh GOD, HE'S COMING IN ME!" I screeched, feeling it then, feeling his spurts of hot come shooting in my unprotected pussy. So silly, not using a condom. So reckless. Yet that was part of the thrill, wasn't it. The exhilaration of a strange man's cock shooting hot cum into my cunt, knowing my husband was going to eat it out of me. And then Chet began coming, on my face.

"YES!" I gasped, turning toward my husband's cock, opening my mouth as his nasty cum rained down on my face. Terry lay down on me then, placing his head next to mine, licking my face as Chet continued raining cum down on both of us now, coating my lips and Terry's as Chet groaned and pushed his cock forward, and down, down onto both our mouths. Terry and I kissed then, with my husband's cock between our faces, licking and tasting Chet's cum as it spurted into our mouths until finally, Chet finished coming.

Terry pulled out of me then, his cock dribbling a trail of cum across my thigh as he flopped down onto the bed next to me. Then my husband began, kissing me for a moment before slowly licking his way down my body, over my tits, gently biting my nipples, then moving lower, momentarily tonguing my belly-button before continuing his wet kisses down my body to my cunt.

"God what a nasty mess!" he groaned, grinning as he stared at my freshly-fucked cunt. I could feel Terry's cum oozing out of me, and I WANTED my husband to eat it. And then he did it... he buried his face in the gooey creampie and began licking and sucking my nasty pussy.

"Oh fuck!" I moaned. "Give me your cock, Terry. Let me get you hard again!" I begged, and he did it, moving up next to my face. I looked down at my husband and he raised his face and grinned at me. His cheeks glistened with my cunt juices and Terry's cum, and when I opened my mouth and took the strange cock in my mouth Chet ate me again, wallowing in the sloppy wet folds of my cunt, relishing what we were doing, just as I was. I could smell my pussy scent on Terry's cock, and taste my juices on him, and I knew I had to make him hard again. 

I did, of course. Fairly quickly. And when he was hard I asked Chet to release me so Terry could fuck me over my husband's face. 

Chet moved from between my legs then, quickly unhooking the ankle and wrist restraints. Then he crawled onto the bed "upside down," with his head at the foot of our bed and his cock under my face. I moved on top of him then, with my cunt leaking cum down onto his face while Terry positioned himself behind my pussy.

"Is your ass available?" he asked. "I generally fuck assholes, not cunts."

"If you lick it first," I said. 

"Of course," he grinned, leaning down, toward my ass. Then I felt him part my cheeks and spit. A gob of wetness hit my ass crack, and when he pushed it around with his tongue, licking it into my asshole I pressed down onto Chet's face, smearing it with my pussy juice and the remainder of Terry's cum. 

"Hmmm!" Chet moaned, and I smiled to myself. And then I felt it. Terry moved his hot cock to the entrance of my asshole and began to push.

"Oh God!" I gasped, as a searing pain shot through my body. "Wait. Use some lube first," I begged, reaching into the drawer in the end-table next to the bed. I got out a tube of jerkoff lube and handed it to Terry. He withdrew his cock from my ass, then squeezed out a big gob of the lube and wiped it into my asshole. Then he leaned into me again, anxious to resume fucking my ass again. This time his hard cock slid into my tight asshole with no problem, and I heard him moaning when my husband began licking his smooth ballsack.

"God yes, lick my balls," Terry groaned, pushing down onto Chet's face, just as I was with my cunt. I could feel Chet's chin on my wetness, and then he was eating me again while Terry fucked me.

"Oh God!" I cried out, the pain in my ass somehow suddenly becoming pleasurable as the thought of what we were doing registered in my demented brain. We were doing it! We were fulfilling our fantasy... I was being fucked by a man I didn't know while my husband was sucking the young man's cock and balls as it slid in and out of my ass, my "sloppy second" cunt drooling cum all over my husband's face. It was exactly as we'd pictured it, and twice as satisfying.

"Yes! Fuck me! FUCK MY ASS!" I wailed, feeling my orgasm building, knowing this was going to be a good one, knowing I was going to squirt, and knowing Chet would love it. On very rare occasions I've been able to do that for him, which he loves, but tonight I knew I'd be doing it. I'd be drenching my husband in my squirt while another man came all over his face.

"Oh God, this is great!" Terry moaned, feeling my large tits as he fucked me. "Your husband's tongue on my balls feels wonderful."

"He'll lick your ass if you let him!" I groaned, and on cue, Chet moved up behind me and I felt him part Terry's ass.

"Oh FUCK, HE'S DOING IT! I'M GONNA COME AGAINNNNN!!" Terry cried out.

"In my mouth! COME IN MY MOUTH!" Chet screamed, moving below my ass again. I felt Terry pull out of my ass then, and I quickly turned around to witness this, masturbating as I watched my husband take a cock in his mouth for the first time in our lives. GOD it was sexy. So fucking sexy. Until you've seen the man you love sucking another man's cock you can't possibly know how I felt at that moment. To know the man I adore, and who adores me, trusts me enough to bring me another cock to fuck, and to watch him then suck that man's cock after it's been in my pussy and ass... well... let's just say don't knock it until you've tried it, girls, because it is fucking HOT!!

Terry groaned and came in Chet's mouth then, and when he was finished Chet kissed me and pushed the cum from Terry's cock into my mouth. We played with it for a while, pushing it back and forth between us, while Terry collapsed on the bed next to us, totally spent.

We all lay back down onto the bed then, totally spent. Eventually Terry got up and dressed, thanked us for a great time, and left. Chet and I cuddled together, the scent of sex heavy on both of us. We kissed, and I thanked him for giving me the best time I'd ever had in bed. He agreed, and thanked me for being such a perfect "slut wife." And then the most remarkable thing happened.

We heard a soft tapping on the door. I assumed Terry had forgotten something, but when Chet went to the door and peeked out, he grinned and said, "Well I'll be damned." He opened the door, and amazingly, Janielle quickly scooted into our room.

"I am no longer work now," she explained. "And I think about you, and Miss, and... and you say I can come back... and..."

"Please! Come in. Join us," Chet said. Janielle looked down at my husband's naked cock, and smiled. 

"Is so beautiful one," she said, and Chet took her hand and guided it to his cock.

"Touch it," he said, and she did.

"Oh nice!" she grinned, squeezing my husband's cock. I began masturbating then, as Chet led Janielle into the room. He reached behind her and unzipped her dress, then removed it. Then he took off her bra and tossed it aside.

"You're beautiful," I said, meaning it. "Take off her panties, darling, and bring her to me."

Chet knelt in front of the maid, and slowly rolled her bikini panties down off her hips, then her knees. She stepped out of them, and as I watched my husband buried his face in the beautiful black girl's cunt.

"Oh yes sir! Yes!" she moaned, as I lay there masturbating, watching them, filled with immense joy.

"God she smells and tastes delicious," Chet said. "You must taste her."

"Then bring her to me," I said, and he did. 

I moved over and Janielle climbed onto the bed between us. I touched her delicate little breasts then, and leaned down and sucked them, one after the other as Chet continued to eat her pussy. 

"Taste her, darling," he said, and I suggested Janielle and I get into the same position Chet, Terry and I had assumed. So we did. 

I lay on my back, and Janielle positioned herself with her cunt over my face, with Chet behind us. I raised up and began eating her then, as she buried her face in my pussy. And then my husband began fucking her. Incredibly he had grown hard yet again. 

"Ohhhhh!" she moaned in my cunt, feeling my husband's cock entering her, filling her, fucking her as my tongue raked over her clit. 

"God this is wonderful, my love," Chet groaned, fucking the maid slowly, in long, sensuous strokes, his hands around her tits, fondling them as he fucked her over my face. I tasted her juices as they ran down into my mouth, heard her come, then come again when Chet began shooting in her pussy.

"AHH... ahh... ahh... ahhhhh!" she cried out, and I sucked even harder, wanting to swallow her clit, wanting to taste every ounce of her slimy juices. Chet's cum began oozing out of Janielle's pussy then, and down into my mouth, and as he pushed as deep as he could inside her one last time she came so hard I felt HER drizzle a little squirt in my mouth. 

I came again then, my body bucking and twitching around on the bed as Janielle continued sucking and licking my nasty, messy pussy, her own orgasm seeming to drain her of all energy. In seconds she slid off me onto the bed, and when Chet crawled between her legs and began eating her I just lay there watching, masturbating slowly, as I once again marveled at what a wonderful husband I had and what a wonderful relationship we shared. I didn't think life could get much better than what we experienced that night, but little did I know it could get even better, and would, the next day.

CHAPTER 2. ANOTHER AMAZING SEXUAL THRESHOLD ACHIEVED

Sometime during the night Janielle left. Early the next morning, as we'd arranged, there was a soft knock on the door. Chet got up and opened it to let our cabin steward, Jamal, into the room with our freshly brewed pot of coffee.

"Thank you, Jamal," Chet said.

"Is there anything else I may do for you, Sir?" Jamal asked, looking beyond Chet into the room. I sat up then, stretched and yawned, and then realized I was naked. Chet turned to look at me, and grinned.

"You may want to give my wife some extra cream for her coffee," my husband said, and I grinned. "Come in, please. I'm sure it won't take much time."
