 a story by DEE - the wife of the Marriedpervs

We'd fought about a tiny little thing. It was what we were going to do for the holidays. I wanted the Maldives, he wanted Europe. He stormed out after it got ugly. Fuck him. I would show him I wasn't going to sit around and wait. I dressed hot. Short skirt, silky blouse, no bra, g-string knickers and the new spiked heels I had just got from the sex shop. Slut.

I hopped in my car and drove into town, about thirty minutes away. On the way I pulled into a bottle shop and picked up two cans of rum and coke, nice buzz.

The Shaft club, a dancing and amateur strip joint in town known for it's hot action on and off the stage. I'd been there twice before for hen's nights, and knew it was a great place to have a good time. There were always groups of guys hanging there for buck's nights, and the mood I was in I wanted plenty of men. I was going to show him!!!

I took a stool at the bar and ordered my favourite, a kahlua and milk. As I sipped luxuriatingly on the ice cold liquid, I took the opportunity to look around the place. It was dimly lit with a mixture of spotlights and a series of ultra-violet fluoro lamps which made all the white outfits stand out. My white silky shirt shone like a beacon, and the contrast with my black shot skirt was intense.

As my eyes scanned the room, I noticed a group of women, obviously on a hen's night, enter and take their seats near the stage. They were immediately besieged with comments from the three groups of men in the tables nearby, and I gathered they were buck's night groups. Apart from these four groups, there were several smaller gatherings, mostly men, at tables around the club facing the stage. There were two other people at the bar and there were three bar staff, two barmen and one, a waitress dressed in a sexy one piece g-string bathing suit and heels. She was very well put together and I guessed she earned a fair bit of her wages in tips, as well as her fair share of pinches on her incredibly tight butt.

I finished my first kahlua and ordered a second. The lights dimmed around the tables and an announcer came on. 

"The first act for tonight - the very lovely "Tina"!!!

A short girl wearing a very tight dress came out onto the stage and began undulating her hips to some very sexy music. I was enjoying her act when from behind, I felt warm breath near my ear. 

"Don't move, or I will have to fuck you right here and now" the voice said.

I kept sipping my drink through the straw and acted as if I had heard nothing. Placing my drink on the bar I glanced sideways, and took the opportunity to see in the mirror that the man whispering was in actual fact rather handsome.

I stood up and walked directly to the ladies room, looking back and indicating that he should follow me. My night was about to get wild!!

I entered the ladies room and immediately took off my skirt and g-string, placing them on the bench next to where I had spread my legs wide, allowing an unobstructed view, and access, to my hungry pussy. Seconds later the door flew open and in walked the stranger. Not a word was spoken. He approached me, kissed me full on the mouth, our tongues twisting and intertwining in unadulterated lust. This was what we both wanted.

I grabbed his head by the hair and forced him down, his hands grabbing at my tits as his tongue found my dripping clitoris and began flickering. I braced myself firmly against the benchtop and the coldness of the mirror on my ass made me start. I threw back my head and orgasmed, this man bringing me pleasure within two minutes.

He stood and I opened up my pussy, his penis standing awesomely to attention in front of me. He stabbed me with it, my hungry cunt engulfing him in one long stroke which took my breath away and made me feel delightfully naughty, knowing I was cheating on my husband for the first time. I also knew it would not be the last.

He fucked me like a wild man, and I thoroughly enjoyed the fact that I was being used totally as a sex toy without the niceties that married couples share during and before sex. This man wanted to fuck me. And I was letting him, here in the toilet of a strip club I was being fucked by a total stranger that hadn't even told me his name.

Suddenly he pulled out and grabbed me by the hair, jerking my head down towards his cock. Without warning he started cumming, squirts hitting me in the face, mouth and hair. I grabbed his dick and jammed the spurting tool in my mouth, and proceeded to lick and suck the life giving liquid out of it, until the guy buckled at the knees, zipped up and walked out, without a word.

I collapsed back against the mirror and took stock of my situation. I was semi dressed, covered in cum, and was sitting on the bench of a toilet. I dressed again, my g-string immediately covered in the mixture of juices from my saturated cunt. I fixed my hair in the mirror and re applied my make up.

As I emerged from the toilet, I saw the guy sitting again at the bar. This time he was with three other men who were pointing at me and making snied comments. I approached them and ordered a drink at the bar, sitting three seats up from the nearest one of the group.

Ignoring them, I again took in the action on the stage. The short girl had been replaced by a black guy who was gorgeous. He was obviously a bodybuilder or something, and judging by the packet in his g-string, he was in possession of a huge dick as well. Suddenly the music stopped and he called for a volunteer, a woman. One of the guys at the bar said to me, 

"Hey blondie, why don't you get up - I wouldn't mind watching a big black dude fuck you up the ass" and then began laughing. 

Feeling pretty sexy and looking for my own adventure, I thought to myself, "fuck you asshole, I might just do that and make you wish it was you who was fucking my ass".

On stage the black hunk was pointing to women in the audience asking them to join him. I sculled my drink and stood up, then headed directly for the stage. The crowd sensed what was happening and went wild as the black guy reached out, offered me his hand and lifted me onto the stage. Immediately he kissed me and I searched with my tongue for his, finding it and suddenly his hands were lowering my skirt as our tongues entwined. Without a spoken word and before we broke the kiss his hands were all over my but cheeks, searching for the undies I had not put back on. I was naked, half drunk and dancing on a stage with a black man whose name I did not even know, and I knew I was about to let him fuck me in front of the large and noisy crowd.

In one sweeping movement he untangled his tongue and removed my blouse, my large breasts shaking free of my bra as he deftly removed them. I now wore only my high heels and an incredible wicked smile as the black guy knelt down and shoved his tongue into my already dripping snatch. He licked a little and then jumped up, his huge erection poking clearly through his g-string. 

"You slut, your cunt is already full of sperm!" he said. 

"I'm allowed to be horny too aren't I?" I spat back quickly, before grabbing his dick through the lycra material of his g-string and giving it an almighty tweak!

He threw me to the ground on the stage and slapped my face, the suddenness of it all catching me by surprise. 

"Suck my cock whore" he spat and jammed his dick into my mouth. 

I slurped and sucked at it feverishly, until I knew this huge black guy was almost ready to cum. I was determined to regain the uper hand, and so I let his huge erection pop from my warm sucking mouth!.

He looked at me and said, 

"Why did you stop you slut cocksucker??" 

"I want something first" I replied, opening my lips and showing him the cum filled depths of my pussy again, indicating he should pleasure me again with his tongue.

I lay back and closed my eyes.......expecting to feel the warm sloppiness of the black man s tongue against my clitoris. Instead, I felt a sharp blow to the side of my head and then everything went black.....

When I awoke my head was throbbing and I looked around to try to figure out where I was and what was happening. I saw the black guy standing near me, but I was no longer on the stage of the club. I was on a bed in a room somewhere, a large room, and as I looked above me I saw three video cameras set up for filming. In the room, which contained a large bar to one side, there were assembled about thirty men and one woman. I scanned their faces and recognised the guys from the bar who had challenged me to get up in the first place. The woman was the one who had done the performance on stage earlier.

Suddenly I realised I was chained to the bed with a pair of handcuffs!

My legs were spread wide apart and they too were tied to the bed, and I was still only wearing my spiked heels.oh god I thought, what is going to happen. I suddenly regretted my decision to get back at my husband by going out playing the slut alone!

As I scanned the room looking for any way out of this predicament, a young stud walked towards me and jerked my head up by my hair. I yelped at the roughness of his treatment, but he simply kissed me on the mouth and pushed his erection straight into me.

His was the second strange dick in my cunt that night, and he was also the longest I had ever had! He pushed it in a second time, touching me in places I had not previously been touched, and I must admit to you here and now that I loved the way he filled me!!!! The fact that I was being raped in front of thirty people tied to a bed in a room after being bashed slipped my mind completely as the primal urges overtook me..

He started pushing in and out with long strokes, and his hands were firmly but erotically playing with my breasts. I rolled my head to the side in pleasure, only to stare another large penis in the eye. I looked up and the man suggested I suck him, I took him in my mouth and tried to reach over to stroke his balls, but the handcuffs prevented me. Despite this I managed to give him a good sucking, and I was rewarded when the guy suddenly pulled it from my mouth and sprayed my face, tits and hair with a huge load of cum. I licked his dick till it was totally clean, and the only thing that dragged me away from his delightful tasting goo was the sudden realisation that the guy fucking me was also about to cum. I looked him in the eye and said, 

"Come on baby, spray my cunt full of your jism, I want to open my mouth and feel it shooting all the way up there.......come on, fuck me hard you son of a bitch!".

He did just that, and after he had spurted the first two loads inside me, he too pulled out and unloaded the rest all over my stomach. It was then that the other woman came over and licked my stomach clean of his sperm, stopping momentarily to give my clit a lashing which sent me over the edge, and I crashed into a fantastic orgasm, my first for the evening. I was now officially a slut, and this gang bang rape was under way.

I noticed that most of the guys were now unzipping their pants, and despite the fear factor the handcuffs and ropes were providing, I was turned on more than I had ever been. I was dying to be used like a fuck slut, and craved more cock. I smiled wickedly as another guy approached, his erection swaying in the breeze as he came towards me. Without even having to touch his cock, he pointed the head towards my hungry snatch, and entered me so easily I was almost embarrassed! I had never been so wet in my entire life, and I loved the feeling it gave me as he pumped in and out. His dick felt wonderful as he went at me as if there was no tomorrow. He lasted about three minutes before jumping out and offering me his spurting dick to swallow. I did so and was surprised when I opened my eyes to find I was already being fucked by a young man who must have been only 18 or so.

I again tilted my head and found two cocks waiting, so I stretched my mouth wide and engulfed them both at once, spitting and licking the shafts shiny, before actually managing to fit both shafts all the way down my throat. I was momentarily distracted by the rush of sperm which filled my pussy again, the feeling of the warm gushing fluid exquisite in my previously unadulterated pussy. I was now a cock hungry slut and knew I was to be fucked by every one of the thirty guys in the room. I returned to the two cocks just in time as they both simultaneously spewed cum into my mouth and face as their owners stroked them furiously, pointing them perfectly at the hungry opening my mouth provided. The next guy to enter me was smaller than the previous ones, and I was almost disappointed with his lack of penetration. This must have shown on my face because I was suddenly uncuffed and my legs were untied, and I was placed on my stomach. My hands were guided to cocks, and the small guy spat rudely on my ass, his finger suddenly probing the entrance which had previously never felt penis. I had long begged my husband to fuck my ass but he was strangely reticent. I knew that I was about to have my anal virginity taken by this guy and was a little relieved that his dick was not a huge one.

I grimaced as I felt the first inches of penetration, but then grunted in pain as the head slipped past the anal opening and his shaft filled my anus. He slowly retracted it and then slammed it in in a huge go, my voice screaming a protest until my mouth was again filled with cock, my screams silenced as he fucked my asshole relentlessly.

I struggled to concentrate as another dick found it's way to my hungry mouth, and I took it in again, to be rewarded not more than thirty seconds later with the largest single dose of cum I have ever seen or had from a penis!!!! I could no way swallow it all, and after attempting to but gagging savagely, I decided to just slurp it all over his cock and then suck it clean as my asshole continued to be stretched by this little guy fucking it for the first time. He was small, but he also was very definitely a stayer!!! He fucked my butt for what must have been ten minutes before I blacked out again.

The next time I awoke I was home!!! I could not figure out how, but I was in my own bed, lying in my satin sheets and the light was coming in through the window. I took stock of my condition and realised suddenly as I moved that my bum hole hurt like hell. I also noticed a huge throbbing from between my legs. I got up to get a drink from the ensuite, and stared in disbelief as I saw myself in the mirror!!!!

My neck, breasts, arms, stomach, legs, thighs, buttocks and back were COVERED in love bite marks, as well as a fair share of welts from obviously some type of beating I had suffered. My wrists had abrasions, and I recalled the handcuffs. My back was a maze of scatches and love bites, and there was dried cum over almost every inch of my body. I suddenly felt the urge to be sick, and I vomited into the sink. It was incredible. I did not vomit any food, but what appeared to be about four litres of pure white cum!!!!!! I finished and stared at the fluid dumbfounded as it made it s way down the drain. I took a long drink of water and brushed my teeth, before running a long hot bath and climbing in.

I luxuriated in the bath as long as I could, my aching body soothing itself in the mineral salts. I was still shocked at the site of my body which I had always been so proud of, covered now in bites, bruises and scratches. The water in the bath had a layer of slimy goo on it and I realised in horror that it must have been cum! It began to dawn on me what had happened up until I blacked out, and in a strange twist of fate my anus began twithcing again remembering that I had blacked out with a dick up my ass!!!

I climbed painfully out of the bath and had a short but very hot shower, cleaning off the milky film which had accumulated in the bath. My husband came in just as I was stepping from the shower. He offered me a towel, kissed me gently on the lips and said, 

"I have something to show you."

I dried myself and then dressed in my nightgown and slippers. I left my hair slightly wet, went to the fridge and poored myself a long glass of orange juice. My hubby was sitting on the couch and I joined him, my body still a painful reminder of the adventure I had embarked upon.

As I sat on the couch I wondered how I could ever have been angry at this man. The man I had loved since my teenage years. The father of my kids. I kissed him gently on the lips and began to sob, thinking of what I had done. I knew he had seen the evidence of my misdemeanour on my body as I stepped from the shower, but wondered what he thought. He seemed at ease.

"I have a confession" I began to say.

"Shhhhh" he whispered as his finger placed itself gently on my lips. 

"Later - for I have one too my love" he said.

Without speaking another word he pressed the play button on the remote control and our video whirred into action on the tv screen in front of me. I was stunned. The tv screen was filled with images of me fucking all those men in that strange room. I was totally freaked out!!!! The image showed me taking the guy up my ass, and then blacking out. I wondered how my hubby had got this tape??? Had he known all along?? Had some asshole sent it to him with me when I was returned home??? Come to think of it, how had I got home and who had brought me home???? I was totally confused.

As these thoughts went through my mind however my attention returned to the screen, as I was keen to know what had happened after I passed out! I was laying totally unconcious on the bed as this guy continued to fuck me in the ass despite my state! He was ripping into me like there was no tomorrow, and seemed undaunted by the fact that I was unconcious. He finally started to jerk as if he was coming, but stayed in me pumping about ten thrusts in to me, obviously filling my asshole with his come before pulling out, wiping his dick all over my butt cheeks, and then making room for the next guy.

The only thing was, it wasn't one guy, it was two! One guy scrambled his way underneath my limp but warm body, and pushed his dick into my cunt. The second guy positioned himself and then simply stabbed his dick into my asshole, pumping about ten times and then pulling out to spray my back with huge shots of cum. He was quickly replaced by another guy and I was again being double fucked unconcious, a dick in my hungry cunt and another reaming my ass with abandon. This unconcious double fucking rape went on until each of the guys in the room had fucked me and cum on or in me. I was finally left alone for a few minutes and two of the guys who had fucked me made an attempt to revive me. I watched as they gently patted my cheeks with their hands. I can't remember this happening, but I came around, and was then placed on my back on the rug in the middle of the room, with all the guys around me. I was passed a huge black dildo and a vibrator and also a cucumber. I watched the screen intently as I did not hesitate to fill my pussy with the huge cucumber, pumping it in and out a few times before inserting the huge black dildo painfully (I thought anyway!!) into my ass that was flooded with the cum of the guys who had just fucked me there. Then I took the vibrator and started throbbing it upon my hungry clit.

I knew that I had seen myself cum at least twice in the video, and wondered how I expected myself to cum a third time with these toys. I needn't have worried!!! The guys all stroked their dicks as I worked myself over, and I must admit that as I sat there looking at the guys stroking their dicks I was again getting hot. All around me were hard cocks being stroked faster and faster, and just as I screamed myself into a blood curdling orgasm on the screen, the guys all around me started cumming and cum was spraying all over the place and I ended up again blacking out as I was drowned in the litres of fuck juice from the cocks of every guy in the place. The last shot on the tape showed a close up of my body. It was a scandalous mess of bites, scratches, bruises and cum juice was every where, covering me from head to foot. Suddenly the tape stopped and I was aware of my hand playing with my badly swollen but hot clit as my husband got up to rewind it.
