 Maria De Leon stretched out her long legs on the chaise lounge, taking care to spray more suntan lotion onto her skin. It was a perfect spring day in San Diego as she hung out poolside with her friend, Gabby. Both were back from school, and they were looking forward to some time together. Texting, Instagram, that was one thing. Conversation, quite another. 

"So, what did he say? Was he like, really pissed off?" Gabby asked. Maria was relating the details of her break-up with Victor a couple of days ago. 

"No, not really angry. Victor isn't like that. He was just kind of...sad. But, I told him before we left for school..." Maria shrugged, held out her hands, palms upward. 

Gabby tilted her head in Maria's direction, lifted her shades, and said, "Told him what?" 

"Well, it's just that when I went to school, I wanted to, you know, be free. I mean, I loved the time we had together, and Victor still means a lot to me. But I told him that if he met someone while he was at school, I just want both of us to be realistic. After all, he's a really good looking guy, so I just didn't want him to feel..." Maria's words trailed off. 

"But was it for Victor's sake? Or did you not want to feel guilty if you hooked up with someone else?" Gabby asked. 

"Well, I said I wanted him to know that I thought this was a time in our lives to learn who we are. So, yeah, I was thinking I might meet somebody else." Maria took a sip of water. 

"Planning too?" 

"I don't plan. It just happens, naturally." Maria laughed, Gabby joining her. "Yes it does!" 

* * * 

Maria then told her about her first semester at school. She had always had a strong interest in the visual arts, and decided to attend school in Philadelphia. She liked the idea of traveling to another city, across the country, to broaden her mind and enrich her personally and artistically. Maria had always been willing to think outside the box. 

Settling in to a new place and keeping up with the rigors of her program was initially a challenge for Maria, but she soon grew to love both the city and her work. She threw herself into it with passion, and as she grew comfortable in her surroundings, her mind felt like a vast sponge, taking in all her new lessons, the art of the city around her, and the new experiences coming her way. 

She became friendly with a group of fellow students, gathering together to compare notes, share some beers, exchange the latest gossip about some of their teachers, and listen to music. There were a number of underground clubs, with bands and cheap beer out of plastic cups, and Maria and her fellow artists learned to appreciate Philly's music scene. 

There was one classmate in particular Maria became friendly with, John. He was from Albany, and he and Maria hit it off immediately. He was funny, quick witted, and could draw unlike anyone Maria had ever met. He was so fast, coming up with quick sketches of whatever his eye took in. Maria had not yet developed his confidence, being more deliberate in her lines. 

After they met, they sometimes drew each other, for practice. Maria liked sketching his face, with its openness, his penetrating eyes, and thick mop of hair; and Maria was astonished at his quick sketches, which captured the aristocratic high cheekbones, the big beautiful eyes, and seductive beauty of Maria's face. 

They had been out one night, and the band had been particularly good. The Skamulons had the whole crowd skanking, Maria and John having their blood flowing by the end of the night. They went back to Maria's apartment for a nightcap. 

Maria put on some music, low, and sat next to John on the couch. They talked, John telling her about this talented artist who was coming to visit the school next week. She was an alumnus, and was getting a lot of notice in New York. Her name was Gabrielle Duval. I've heard of her, Maria said. Victor's mother, Samantha, had an art gallery her in San Diego, and Maria remembered the name, thinking she might have heard about her through Samantha. We should go see her, he said. 

Maria and Victor sat close to each other on the couch, the music low and seductive on the stereo, finally turned toward each other and kissed. John's lips brushed Maria's tenderly, and they moved closer. He brought his arms up to hold her, his kiss growing deeper, Maria enjoying the feeling, finally allowing her tongue to move delicately into his mouth, John meeting her tongue with his. They gently moved their tongues around in each other's mouths, John drawing Maria's body closer, her magnificent breasts pressed against his body, the kiss lingering. 

John broke their kiss, kept close, whispering to her, "I want to draw you. Naked." He gave her a lustful, penetrating stare, touching her face. Maria stood up, stripped, and moved to better lighting. 

John grabbed a sketch pad and pencil, standing before Maria and taking her in, critically now. She was about five eight, with long, black hair, large, 38D breasts, a tight, toned torso, and long, shapely legs. She struck a pose and held still, the look on her face beguiling. 

John then committed to a first line, drew, and in short order had her sketched. "Take a look." She walked over as he held out the sketch, and was floored. It was simple, but it was her, with a level of detail she didn't think he could achieve in such a short time. His sketch was even accurate to her pussy hair, which she kept neatly trimmed. 

"Now you," she said, and John took of his clothes, posed. 

Maria was more deliberate, taking in long looks, sketching, looking again, where John had seemed to look once and sketch her whole. Maria took in his naked form. John was about her height, powerfully built, having been a lacrosse player in high school. He had broad shoulders, a thick, well-defined chest, and powerful arms and legs. Maria looked at his cock, about five inches in length, but incredibly thick. She found herself enjoying the exercise, as John had a great body, and she was still feeling a little buzzed. 

She finished after a time, and they sat down on the couch, both still nude, and looked at the picture. "I like it, nicely done." While he looked at the sketch, Maria was rubbing her hands through his hair. "I love your hair, feels so good to touch." She giggled. 

He turned and kissed her again, putting a hand to her breast and rubbing. His hands squeezed her breasts, pinching lightly at the nipples while his kiss became more passionate. Maria moaned softly, lying back on the couch. John moved his head to her chest, licking and kissing her tits, while he ran his hands all over her body, both of them breathing heavier now. 

Maria was stroking John's hair while he feasted on the most beautiful breasts he had ever seen. His hand moved between Maria's legs, and he gently put a finger inside of her vagina, Maria moaning loudly in approval. John started fingering Maria while he sucked her nipples until they were sticking straight out. 

John got up, took Maria by the hand, and led her back to the bedroom. "On the bed." John gave her an intense look, and Maria got on the bed, on all fours, her ass sitting high in the air. He moved behind her, and pushed his cock inside of her from behind. She gasped as she felt herself being split in two by his thick tool, then started pushing back against his thrusts. John grasped Maria's hips, pumping faster, his fat cock filling Maria who took it eagerly, feeling the rhythm building. 

John slapped her ass, fucking her harder. He paused, rubbing his thumb lightly over her bung, then resuming thrusting his cock into her pussy. Maria would gasp whenever he would do this, and would then rub her clit. The sensations of his cock in her pussy, his thumb caressing her asshole, and her finger on her clit had a gigantic orgasm building deep within Maria's body, and she kept herself at a pace where each sensation simply blended into the other, none taking over. She was impressed at John's stamina, his cock ramrodding her, his face a parade of emotions. 

After a long time, his pace began to quicken. "I want to come, baby. Where do you want me to put it?" 

Maria was feeling like she's never felt before, wanting only to have John come. "Do whatever you want to me...oh yes," she moaned, as John's thumb pressed against her hole while she rubbed her clit. 

John then pulled out of her pussy, lubing up Maria's asshole with some of her pussy juice. He pressed his cock against her hole, and then thrust it in, all the way to his balls. Maria shouted out in ecstasy, begging John to come in her ass as she began to furiously rub her clit. He was pumping hard, and came quickly, filling her ass with a big load of his jism. As he did so, Maria felt herself coming as well, her fingers alternating between her pussy and clit as she felt John spurt his load into her hole. They then showered, got into bed, and slept peacefully. In the morning they made love again. 

* * * 

"Oh my god!" said Gabby. "That is wild. So you were seeing this guy John. What else happened?" Gabby asked. 

Maria took a long sip of water; she had been talking for a while. She glanced over at Gabby. Gabby had been on the volleyball team with Maria, and she always liked the way her friend was put together, athletic, toned, with a wholesome, All-American girl face. She loved the way Gabby looked in her suit, and noticed that the fabric had darkened around her pussy lips. Maria licked her lips. Gabby, sensing a little where Maria's gaze had lingered, smiled ever so slightly. Maria continued. 

Maria and John looked forward to the guest lecturer for a class they had together. During her lecture, Gabrielle Duval gave a spirited and inspiring talk about art, its absolute need for commitment and belief, as well as offering some advice on the business end of it, the small class drinking in every word. It was easy to listen to her, as she had an angelic voice with the trace of a French accent, spoke with great energy, with a classically beautiful face, her fine features highlighted by her pixie haircut. 

After the lecture, the class was invited to a reception where some of her work would be displayed and the class could ask question. She spoke about each work, patiently answering questions, connecting with the students. The crowd thinned, leaving John and Maria alone, looking at one of Gabrielle's paintings. A girl with a flower in her hair was looking at something in the distance. They two sat before it, mesmerized. 

"Tell me what you think," Gabrielle asked them, and John launched into a long analysis, connecting it to the era Gabrielle was evoking in the work, Gabrielle impressed by his knowledge of art history. 

Maria wondered how he came up with all of this. She looked at Gabrielle, who was looking at her and smiling. The three made introductions, and made some small talk. Maria found her enchanting, and beautiful, as well. There were only a few other people in the hall, it had grown late. Maria and John thanked her for everything, saying they didn't want to monopolize her time, getting ready to go. Gabrielle said it was a pleasure meeting other art lovers, and how much she enjoyed the conversation. 

"In fact, I was going to go out after this. Why don't the two of you join me?" She inquired. She gave Maria an inviting look. John and Maria looked at each other, and off the three of them went, into the Philly night. 

They grabbed a drink and ordered some appetizers at a local restaurant. Gabrielle told them she was staying in town tonight, as a friend was letting her stay at her house while she was away. She was asking them about life in the city, and they both said they liked it. It was very friendly to artists, there wasn't the pressure that seemed to be inescapable in New York, and the city could be a lot of fun. They mentioned some of the clubs they went to, and Gabrielle started naming some of her favorite bands. Maria and John were delighted in her taste in music. 

"I'm only 23, so not so far removed from you," she said to Maria, smiling at her and taking her hand. "We could be like sisters," she teased, laughing, her nose crinkling a little when she did. 

"Let's go see Bad Rabbit!" John said. 

"They are playing tonight? We have to go!" Gabrielle seconded. 

They paid their bill, hopped in Gabrielle's Prius, and headed to the club. On the way, John produced a vaporizer, passing it around. The three new friends were feeling quite mellow by the time they hit the venue. 

The line was still short, and they got into the club quickly, where they got beers and stationed themselves near the stage. They drank, chatted among themselves, talking about some of the other great shows they had seen recently, until Bad Rabbit took the stage. 

They thrashed, wailed, jammed, and shredded their way through a twenty song set, Maria, Gabrielle, and John dancing furiously along. Maria and Gabrielle were drawing appreciative stares, but they ignored everyone but John, and each other. The three sang along, made rock and roll faces, and drank beers. Eventually, the house lights came up, and the crowd dispersed. 

Outside, the three locked arms and moved as one unit down the sidewalk. Gabrielle said she would make breakfast back at the house, and they all agreed this was an excellent idea. They sped away, away from downtown, into the suburbs, further away, the scene becoming bucolic, until eventually they ended up in the driveway of a large brick mansion. 

Gabrielle got them through the front door, hitting a touchpad to turn off the alarm. The owner was away in Europe, where she spent a lot of time on business, giving Gabrielle carte blanche. She showed them the downstairs, and then the three went upstairs to the second floor. She pointed out a room where they could sleep, and then they went back down to the kitchen. 

Gabrielle soon had eggs, bacon, and toast for the trio, and the three dug in greedily. They moved from the breakfast nook to the couch, where John broke out his vaporizer again for another round. They were all sitting on the couch, comfortable, when Gabrielle leaned over and kissed Maria on the lips. 

Maria had never kissed a girl before, and Gabrielle's lips sent a wild feeling all the way through her body. It was as if something she never knew was in her suddenly roared to life. Maria kissed her back, and soon they were kissing passionately, tongues wrestling, hands pawing at breasts, while John watched in awe. 

Gabrielle then turned and kissed John. Maria began rubbing his muscular chest, and then ran her hands all over Gabrielle's trim body. Maria's hands made their way to Gabrielle's tits, and she rubbed and squeezed them while Gabrielle and John continued kissing. 

Gabrielle stood, took them both by the hand, and walked upstairs to the master bedroom. The three hurriedly removed their clothing, then exchanged kisses, touches, and caresses before settling on the king sized bed. 

Maria lay on her back in the center of the bed, with Gabrielle and John flanking her. While she alternated kisses with John and Gabrielle, the two began exploring Maria's exquisite body with their hands. Maria was blown away by the feeling of different sets of hands on her boobs, and Gabrielle's refined touch on her nipple was unlike any touch she's ever had. Maria's hands reached out to touch her partners, as well, the three moaning, kissing, touching, their collective passion building. 

Gabrielle then began kissing and sucking Maria's right breast, while her hands moved further down her body, while John and Maria engaged in a deep French kiss. She gently bit Maria's nipple, causing her to cry out, partly in surprise, but mostly in lust. Gabrielle's hands ran over Maria's taut stomach, down to her legs, and then slowly back up to her thigh. Maria parted her legs slightly, broke her kiss with John, and said, "Touch me, please baby." 

Gabrielle worked her hand between Maria's legs, rubbing her palm over her mound, and then slipping a finger into Maria's pussy. She took the finger out, then put it under Maria's nose, then put it between her lips. 

"Suck it, suck your juices. Just like you'd suck a cock," Gabrielle purred. Maria obliged, sucking up and down on Gabrielle's finger, while John began to stroke his burgeoning cock. Gabrielle then put placed the index finger of her other hand in Maria's pussy and began to finger her while Maria continued to suck her other finger. 

John then moved his cock to Maria's mouth, while Gabrielle moved down and began to tongue Maria's cunt. John straddled Maria, and began to face-fuck her, Maria stretching her mouth wide to accommodate his girth. Maria spread her legs wide, and Gabrielle began tonguing her in earnest, flicking in and out adroitly, pushing it in deeper, then sucking her clit, while moving her hands under Maria's ass. 

Maria began to tremble, a monster orgasm the likes of which she had not experienced before welling up inside of her, as John's cock moved like a piston in and out of her mouth and Gabrielle ate her pussy. She took John out of her, mouth, crying out as she neared orgasm. 

John then moved behind Gabrielle, who repositioned herself onto her knees while she continued to lick Maria, her shapely ass thrust out in invitation. She paused in her licking, looked back at John seductively, and said, "Put that cock in my ass," and then recommenced tongue-fucking Maria's hot wet pussy. 

John lubed up her ass with spit, pre cum, and juice from Gabrielle's pussy, and then thrust his thick member into her ass. She pushed back, meeting his thrust, John quickly thrusting hard as he watched Maria begin shaking on the bed. 

"Oh fuck yes, ohhh yeahhhh..." Maria cried out sharply; she then emitted a long deep moan. Gabrielle took her mouth away, moved up onto her elbows, and concentrated on John's pounding of her ass, feeling her own orgasm building. 

John, grasping her hips, fucked her ass harder and harder, Gabrielle moaning, reaching between her legs to rub her pussy while Maria watched, transfixed. John cried out, and then shot his load deep into Gabrielle's ass. 

Maria watched the expression on Gabrielle's face as John came in her hole. Maria then noticed something on the nightstand. It was a dildo, and she reached over and grabbed it. She immediately put it into Gabrielle's tight pussy, thrusting it in and out. 

Gabrielle got on her back, spread her legs wide, and Maria thrust the dildo in deep, while John kissed and licked Gabrielle's nipples. Maria held the dildo in, and then rubbed her thumb on Gabrielle's clit. Gabrielle arched her back, and told Maria to keep fucking her pussy. Maria fucked her with the dildo, and then replaced her thumb with her tongue on Gabrielle's clit. 

Gabrielle climaxed, and then had another series of smaller orgasms. They cleaned up, and afterward collapsed together on the bed. 

* * * 

"Oh my God," Gabby said. "You slept with a girl? Wow, wow. I can't believe it," she continued excitedly, a mixture of wonder, envy, and lust in her voice. 

Maria looked at her. The dark spot on the crotch of Gabby's bikini bottom had grown, and Maria grinned at her lasciviously. 

"I did fuck a girl. And I loved it. You know what they say, don't knock it until you try it." She licked her lips seductively at Gabby. 

"I wish I could try it," Gabby said wistfully. 

Maria stood up, extended her hand to Gabby, who grabbed her hand and was hauled to her feet. The two embraced, kissed deeply, and then Maria led her by the hand into the De Leon house. 

Maria took Gabby to her bedroom, where they stripped off their suits, and just stood, holding, caressing, and kissing each other. Their hands explored each other's bodies, delighting in the feel of skin, the scent of each other's hair, the wet tongue on tongue. They got on the bed, continued kissing, Maria and Gabby kissing each other's tits, then fingering each other, licking the juices off their fingers, finally both young women settling in to a sexy 69, each exploring the other's pussy, licking, thrusting, until they could hold it no longer and they both came, one on top of the other. They dressed quickly, as Maria's mother was due home soon, went back outside and jumped in the pool. Underneath the water, they kissed once more. Their friendship had deepened.