 NOTE: Thank you all for the good response to my story "Bella's Subway Ride". I wanted to write it from the viewpoint of one of the men involved in that encounter. Please read "Bella's Subway Ride" before you read this story. Enjoy. 

================ 

From: Guess Who <guesswho796> 

To: Bella <bella692> 

Subject: Hello from your secret admirer 

Hi Bella, 

Within the last year, we have been introduced to each other, via some common acquaintances (I won't tell you how or when, because I want to remain anonymous ;-)). You will be surprised to know that, though we barely know each other socially, we share a much closer connection. We have had the hottest sex imaginable, though you don't know it was me you had sex with. 

I've been meaning to get in touch with you, reveal to you what that encounter meant to me. I was hesitant because, I didn't want to cause any hurt/shame. But I have finally decided to share it with you. From what I remember, you enjoyed the sex immensely, so you may enjoy reading this. 

After the incident, I wrote a blog describing it, but never published it anywhere. I am attaching that here. I hope you enjoy it, and that you decide to write back to me at this email address. I'd love to hear your account of what happened that evening. 

With love from, 

Your Secret Admirer. 

================ 

It was a Friday evening. I was waiting at the subway station for my train to arrive. I should have been happy, as it was a particularly busy week at work. But recently, I had stopped liking weekends a whole lot. Specifically, after my breakup with Jen a couple of months ago. Work seemed like a good distraction from the emptiness of my life, and weekends seemed to drag on. 

The sight of a sexy chick brought by thoughts back to the present. She was standing ahead of me on the platform, turned sideways from me. She was adjusting her hair, so had both of her hands above her head. I have a thing for smooth, toned arms. When I was dating Jen, I used to enjoy watching her comb her hair, wearing a tube top, her shapely arms above her head, leading down to her clean smooth underarms, and the contours of her boobs. This girl's boobs were a little smaller than Jen's but her arms were very sexy. 

I angrily banished the thought of Jen from my mind. "Why does every Goddamn thing remind you of Jen?" I admonished myself. Maybe the hurtful things she used to say to me played on my mind. At five feet eleven, and just under two hundred pounds, I am an ok-looking guy. Not Daniel Craig, but not Quasimodo the Bell Ringer by a long shot. But that wasn't good enough for Her Royal Highness Jen. She always nagged me to dress better, work out more, and whatnot. We had had a big blowout about this two months ago, after which we decided to go our separate ways. 

The chick turned away from me, towards the platform. When I saw her ass, the little twitch I had started to feel in my jeans turned into a full hard-on. What an ass she had! Perfectly tight and round. Her dress nicely accentuated her ass. Very few girls had an ass better than Jen's, and this chick definitely was one of them. There I went, thinking about Jen again! I stared at that ass again, concentrating on it until the thoughts of Jen vanished. Then I forgot all about it & waited for the train to arrive. 

As you must have guessed by now, I am, what in guy-speak is called an "ass man". I like girls walking away from me, more than when they're walking towards me, if you get my drift. 

Inside the train, it was ridiculously crowded. People were pushing me from all sides. However, there seemed to be a vacuum between me & the guy in front of me. I looked down, and saw that it wasn't a vacuum. The chick, whom I was checking out earlier, was standing in front of me, but because she was a lot shorter than me, it seemed like there was nobody there. She was turned away from me. She had a hand up above her head. I couldn't see her ass because of the crowd, but I could feel it, just below my crotch, its contours fitting between my two legs. 

The sight of her smooth hand, and the knowledge that her cute tushie was barely an inch from my dick, gave me a huge hard-on once again. I didn't want her to feel my hard-on. I am not a pervert who rubs himself against strange girls. So, to avoid direct contact with her, I put my hand in front of my jeans, to create some distance. Her dress got stuck in my hand for a brief moment, and I adjusted myself, moving her dress a little in the process. 

As a station arrived, she lowered her hand. With a rush of fresh commuters entering the train, we were pushed towards a corner. I felt like I'd lose my balance, especially since I was holding one hand in front of me. I unintentionally grabbed the chick's dress for a second or two, crumpling it a bit. But I figured this was better than letting her feel my hard-on and thinking of me as some kind of creep. 

With the train more crowded than earlier, we were squeezed even closer together. And then, almost as if to test my resolve, the girl actually bent forward a bit and pushed her buttocks into me! Her butt cheeks fit snugly into the area just beneath my crotch. My cock got even harder. It seemed impossible to prevent my hard-on from rubbing into her back now. And so, to prevent her from feeling my cock, and without really thinking it through, I moved both my hands in front of me. As a result, one hand cupped her butt cheek, and the other ended up on her waist. 

Shocked and a little embarrassed at what I had unintentionally done, I just let my hand remain on her butt and waist for a couple of seconds, unsure of what to do. Should I remove my hand and apologize? Or simply pretend that nothing happened? I tried removing my hand. Unfortunately, the train was so packed, that it moved her dress, making it appear like I was wilfully rubbing her butt. 

As I was pondering what to do, and trying to remove my hand, two things happened. One, the chick started moving her ass. She swung her hips, making her ass move seductively from side to side, in a way that reminded me of Shakira in "Hips don't lie". Wow... was she enjoying my touch? Secondly, I noticed other men start to take an interest in her. I saw hands on her other butt cheek ,waist and back. She wasn't really doing much to stop the fondling. So I figured I'd let my hand remain on her buttocks for a while, and see where it went. 

She started wiggling a little. She was rubbing her ass against my hands and dick. My hand had reached the middle of her butt, and I was fondling the crack between the two butt cheeks. I wasn't sure whether the wiggling was because she was enjoying it, or because she didn't want the men to touch her. But at this point, with my hand touching her skirt-covered butt crack, and after not having had sex for two months, my animal instincts had taken over. I was enjoying fondling her ass, and continued to rub and squeeze it. 

After a while, I felt the hand on her back unzip her dress. Wow! Were the men actually thinking of undressing her? I figured it wouldn't be too hard, as hers was one of those dresses that unzips all the way down, and can be slid off the shoulder. After her zip went down, I touched her bare back with one hand. I thought I felt her tense a little, but she did nothing to stop the undressing. 

After her zipper went down, some hands started removing her dress. Holy shit! This chick was being undressed on a crowded subway!! I could feel the hook of her bra pressing against me. While fondling her bare back, I unhooked her bra. With my hand on her back, I watched the dress and the bra slipping off of her. I removed the hand on her ass for a second, to allow the dress to slip off, and then put it back in the area between her ass cheeks. 

For a few seconds, time stood still. She covered her tits with her hands, but apart from that, made no effort to resist or move away. The men, including me, sort-of just froze in place, with their hands on different parts of her body. I believe that, just like me, it took them a while to digest what was happening. Here was a young girl, butt-naked, captive and helpless in their power. This almost never happens on a crowded subway ride, and it took a while to sink in. 

After a second or two of inactivity, I decided to break the deadlock. I put my hands around her, and on her boobs. I took hold of her hands covering her tits, intertwining my fingers with hers. I raised them a little, so I could see her arms and hands. She resisted a little, and made a small whimpering noise. When her hands were level with her shoulders, I looked at her fingers. Her nails had blue nail polish, which matched the color of her dress. After a bit of struggle, she stopped resisting. I pulled her hands above her head, so I could enjoy the view of her sexy toned arms. I started rubbing my hands up and down her hands. 

With her spread out so lasciviously, the other men started to rub and fondle her all over. She started moaning quietly. She was definitely enjoying the attention! I moved one hand down and started fondling her butt. She was wearing underwear which has a string that goes up the crack of the butt. I started rubbing and fondling her butt crack, around the underwear. I tried to raise her ass a little into the air, to give myself better access. At the same time, the other men also moved her hand upward, and she rose into the air a little. 

My cock was now rubbing against her ass. On auto-pilot now, and not caring about the consequences, I pulled it out of my jeans. I rubbed my hardness against her ass. One of my hands continued to rub her butt, and the other fondled the area between her elbow and underarms. 

I heard something snap. Looking down, I noticed that someone had snapped the side of her panties. They were now hanging limply off her ass. The string that was embedded in the crack of her ass was the only thing holding the panties to her body. I pushed a finger up the crack of her ass, and removed the string, thereby pulling the panties cleanly off. I put them in my jeans' pocket. 

The chick was completely naked now. And then she did the most amazing thing! She pushed her ass back into my dick, raised her ass a little in the air, and sat down on my cock, so it went a little into the crack of her ass. Holy Jesus! This horny nymphet was practically inviting me to fuck her in the ass!! I was unsure what to do. I was hornier than I had ever been in my life. But up until this moment, I wasn't really sure how far I wanted this to go. So I just stood there, with my dick stuck in the entrance of her butt-hole, not pushing in, not pulling out, unsure of what to do. 

I didn't have to make a decision. The chick started gyrating, moving her ass, her motions getting more urgent over time. She was whimpering softly, sounds of "Mmm! Mmm! Mmm!" escaping her lips. After a while, the whimpers turned into moans, until she was saying "Oh! Oh! Ohh!" quite loudly. I'm quite sure she was having an orgasm. All the while, she kept swinging her ass slightly, just enough for my rock-hard cock to slowly penetrate her ass. By the time she stopped moaning, I was fully embedded in her ass. 

I moved back and forth in her a little. Her butt was really tight, and she was sitting all the way down on my pecker, so I couldn't move much inside her. I moved my hand, which was fondling her arms, down, and grabbed her ass with both my hands, lifting it a little to create some space for me to fuck her. But I didn't quite manage to ram into her. 

I realized that I was behind a sexy chick, who was butt-fucking naked, my hands rubbing and caressing her sweet, tight, round, soft ass cheeks, while my cock was deep inside her ass. I couldn't hold it anymore, and felt the beginning of my orgasm make its presence known. 

My subway lover seemed to instinctively understand that I was close to coming. She pushed her ass into my hands, almost as an invitation to fill it with my cum. With a soft sigh, I started to come. And It. Was. Fucking. Amazing! I felt the pent-up sexual frustration of the past two months leaving my body. Along with the negativity and ill-will I had accrued after my breakup with Jen. It was cathartic. And my lover seemed to understand how much I needed the release. She pushed herself into me, taking my cum, milking it out of me till I was completely spent. Wow! 

While I was fucking her, I could feel someone trying to get my attention. But the orgasm was so powerful, my sensory inputs had stopped working. As my orgasm subsided, I saw that the man ahead of me, who was in front of the chick, was gesturing something. I didn't understand what he was trying to say, & raised by eyebrows. He pointed to her ass and made a grabbing motion. I think he was asking me to grab her ass. I didn't quite understand why he wanted that. But anyway, as I pulled my dick out of her, I held on to her buttocks with my hands. 

The chick's body went down about half an inch, but not more, as it got stuck on something. And that's when it dawned upon me. The guy in front of me was inside her pussy. Had I let go of her, all her weight would have fallen on his dick. So I grabbed her ass some more (not that I needed an excuse to; I could keep fondling her soft buttocks forever), and lifted her up a little. 

My dick, now soft and satiated, was just hanging out of my jeans. This made me a little conscious. I needed one hand to zip up my jeans. So I moved my right hand to the crack of my lover's ass, and cupped the crack with it. Her butt-hole was wet and wide because of the recent fucking, so two of my fingers slid inside. I could feel my cum inside her. Normally that'd be kind-of gross, but nothing about this chick's ass would gross me out. 

And, so, with my hand up her ass, I waited patiently until the other man fucked her. And fuck her he did! Thud, thud, thud... I could feel her whole body vibrating from his thrusts. She went through the same routine, making sounds of "Mmm! Mmm! Mmm!" followed by much louder noises of "Oh! Ohh! Ohhh!" She was practically screaming, and I wondered if the other people on the subway could figure out that someone was having sex. The man bent forward and kissed her, and she kissed him back, thereby muting the screaming sounds a little. Well, if you can call that kissing; it was more like they were lewdly seeking out each others tongues. 

After he was done, he gave me a thumbs up & we put her down. There were men pressing into her from the side. I took one or two steps back. It was still crowded, but not as much as earlier. I turned and went near the door of the train, waiting for my station to arrive, while pondering over what had just happened. I turned and looked at her once before moving away, and I could have sworn that she was going down on one of the men. That's the only thing she had not done so far on this ride. Wow, I thought, what a horny little nymphet she was! 

When I was just one station away from my destination, I sensed some commotion, and heard some people gasping in surprise. I looked back. The crowd had thinned considerably, and my little nymphet was clearly visible. She was in the nude. Her hands were raised, in a way that reminded me of Maria Sharapova waving to the crowds after winning a match. Her face and hair looked wet; I wasn't sure whether it was cum or sweat. Being in front of her, I got a full view of her tits and pussy. Her areolas were large and dark-brown in color. But the sexiest thing about her was the expression on her face. She looked completely content and satisfied, oblivious of the fact that she was naked in public, and that people were staring at her. 

She seemed to suddenly realize her situation. She got very conscious, and covered her breasts with her hands. She picked up her torn dress & wrapped it awkwardly around her body. She tried her best to curl up into a human ball, her hands hugging her body and her head bent. I wanted to tell her that she needn't do that, that she looked breathtakingly beautiful in the nude with the satisfied expression on her face. 

Over the course of the past year, I had sex with two girls. One was a casual fling, and the other was semi-serious but didn't lead anywhere. What's noteworthy is that, after that subway incident, I stopped thinking about Jen altogether! All I think about now, whenever pondering about romance and sex, is my subway chick, with her amazingly soft and round ass, and her lovely arms. I wish I could communicate with her somehow, and convey to her how much that incident meant to me.