 Eric and Todd were out for a few drinks after work one Saturday evening. Not too uncommon for them. They both had a couple drinks, when a beautiful brunette approached them.

"Hi Guys, I'm Ashley." She said with a wide smile.

Ashley's hair was long, nearly all the way down her back. Green eyes sparkled with excitement. She was wearing a denim mini skirt that exposed her long slender thighs. Her blue baby doll was a little on the tight side and her nipples could be outlined on top of her breasts.

"Hi." They both said in unison.

"It's pretty frightening being a girl and at the bar all by herself... I wouldn't mind if two big strong, handsome men were with me. For protection... of course." She giggled.

"Uh no, please join us." Eric stammered while pulling out a chair for her.

"Yeah... we'll keep you company." Todd chimed in.

"Gee, thanks." Ashley sat down and waved over the waitress. "I'll have a Caesar."

Ashley's drink came and they talked and flirted. She noticed they kept sneaking looks at her breasts. She even teased them a bit by stretching her back a bit, to pull the material tighter. They had more drinks, eventually the subject turned to sex.

"So... Eric... what's the kinkiest thing you've ever done?" A gleam of mischief was in Ashley's eyes.

"Well... I guess it's that I fucked a girl in my car." Eric replied.

"What about you Todd?" Ashley asked.

"Well... uh... I really haven't done anything that kinky." Todd replied sheepishly.

"Aw Todd that's a shame."

"What about you?" Eric asked with a grin.

"Oh god... this is embarrassing. I... um... had sex with some guy at a rave."

"Wow." Todd said.

"While another couple... watched." Ashley turned bright red. Eric and Todd started laughing.

"What was that like?" Eric asked.

"It was... hot... seeing them there, watching... and... actually... the girl started to suck off the guy. Right next to us." Ashley started rubbing her legs together. Her memories of the past evening beginning to get her wet.

She looked at Eric and Todd... which one of them do I try and get? They're both so cute and sweet. A thought struck her... maybe the other would watch them fuck.

A smile spread across her lips.

"Say guys... why don't we get out of her." Ashley said.

"Where do you wanna go?" Todd asked.

"Someplace... private." She licked her lips seductively.

The guys looked at each other, then back to Ashley.

"Yeah... sure."

They paid their tabs and walked out into the street.

"Where should we go?" Ashley asked.

"Uh.... We could go to my place." Todd said.

"Alright." Ashley replied.

They hailed a taxi and climbed into the back, Todd first, then Ashley and finally Eric. Todd told the taxi driver where to go and they were off. Both guys put an arm around Ashley's shoulders, their hands resting on her arms.

Ashley looked from side to side. She couldn't decide who she wanted. So she decided to have some fun with them

She put her hands on both of their legs, then slowly she moved them up there legs, until finally she got to their cocks. She started rubbing them through their pants, exchanging smiles with both them.

The Eric's hand moved onto Ashley's breast and squeezed. Ashley let out a little squeak. Todd saw his friend groping this girl and decided to join in, his hand grabbing her other breast. His fingers pinched her nipples through the fabric.

Ashley looked at Todd. He leaned in close and kissed her. Their tongue's intertwined. Their kiss broke and she turned her head towards Eric, his mouth meeting hers before she could fully turn. Ashley looked in the rearview mirror and she saw the cabbie was watching them, his eyes quickly moving back to the road.

She smiled, but soon a hand was on the side of her face, lightly turning it towards Todd. Eric's other hand soon moved onto her leg, slowly moving up it, eventually getting to the hem of it.

Ashley was dizzy with excitement; she looked into the mirror again and saw him looking. She smiled at him, he kept watching. She turned back to Todd and kissed him some more.

Eric's hand started to make its way under her skirt, closer and closer to Ashley's wet pussy. Inch by inch is moved, and as it slowly got closer to her, Ashley kept getting wetter.

Todd's hand moved to the bottom of Ashley's shirt. He began to pull it up, higher and higher until her breasts were exposed. Now their hands were playing over her bare skin. Pawing and squeezing her breasts, pinching her nipples softly, rolling them in their fingers.

Todd broke away from Ashley's mouth; she turned to Eric and started to kiss him. Todd moved his head down to her breasts. He started to kiss and suck on it. He lightly bit her nipple.

Then Todd noticed what Eric was doing and put his hand on her leg at the hem of her skirt, slowly sliding it under it. While that was happening Eric was his dragging his fingers over the front of her panties, feeling how wet she was.

Eric broke his kiss with her and leaned his face closer to Ashley's ear, "You are so wet. What a horny little slut her are." He kissed her on her neck a little, then moved back to her inviting mouth.

Eric's fingers rubbed her pussy through her panties and Todd's fingers soon joined them. Moving all around and bumping into each other. Slowly moistening from her pussy juice.

Ashley was having trouble containing herself, she felt an orgasm approaching. She started to really squirm, her hips started to make small thrusts to rub herself harder against their fingers. She started to moan into Eric's mouth. She broke her kiss with him.

"Suck on my tit." She told Eric. He moved down to her breast and sucked her nipple into his mouth.

She could feel herself getting close now. She looked into the mirror, the cabbie was staring right at her, lust in his eyes.

Soon it was all that she could take. "Oh god... I'm cumming.... I'M CUMMING!" Her pussy let lose a flood of her juices. Utterly soaking her panties and their fingers. She stopped rubbing their cocks.

Ashley started to look around and realized they'd stopped. Todd brought his head up and looked outside, "This is my building, how long have we been sitting out here?" 

"About 10 minutes I guess." The cabbie said.

Now they've realized the cabbie has been watching them for 10 minutes, they all turned bright red. Todd pulls out his wallet.

"How much for the fare?" He asked sheepishly.

"No charge." The cabbie smiled widely at them. Embarrassment came over everyone and they hurried out of the cab, Eric and Todd walking funny because of their cocks. Ashley just giggled at them, then noticed her shirt was still up and quickly pulled it back down. Everyone laughed.

Todd opened his building and ushered Ashley and Eric through the door, Ashley when over to the elevator and hit the button. Both Todd and Eric went to check out her ass and laughed.

She had a large wet spot on the back of her skirt.

She turned to them. "What's with you guys?"

"You got so wet that you left a spot on the back of your skirt." Eric said. She reached behind her and rubbed the back of her skirt.

"Oh my god." She started giggling. The elevator door opened and she walked in, followed by the guys. Todd turned as he came in to hit 5. then both guys moved over to Ashley and started pawing at her again. Both of them sending a hand to her ass.

"Gee boys... you seem insatiable." Ashley smiled.

"Unlike you little girl, we didn't get off in front of that taxi driver." Todd said, causing Ashley to giggle again. The doors opened and they got out, Todd lead the way to his apartment. He opened the door and walked in.

"Does anyone need a drink?" Todd asked.

"What do you have?"

"Rum, whiskey... I think some beers."

"Grab the rum and the whiskey." Ashley got a smile on her face. Todd went off to the kitchen.

Eric came up behind Ashley and reached around in front of her to fondle her breasts. Ashley mumbled in approval. Todd came back with three shot glasses and the alcohol.

"What should we start with?" Todd asked.

"Whiskey." Eric said, Todd proceeded to pour three shots. Everyone reached for a glass.

"Oh god." Ashley said, right before they downed there shots. Todd poured another shot and then drank it.

Eric turned to Ashley. "I think it's time you finished what you started in the car." Eric and Todd started to take off their shirts.

"Where's the bedroom?" Ashley asked as she picked up the bottles. Todd pointed at a door and Ashley walked into it, Todd and Eric following.

Ashley set the bottles on a bedside table. She turned to the guys.

"What do you guys wanna do?" She smiled mischievously at them. Both of them walked up to her and Eric pulled off her shirt, then both started sucking on her tits.

"Oh yeah... suck my titties." Todd undid Ashley's skirt and pulled it down her legs. Todd moved his head down to her pussy and kissed and licked it through the fabric of her panties.

"Take those off me, I don't need them anymore." Todd grabbed the elastic and pulled them down, exposing her shaved pussy. Todd immediately began to lick and kiss it. He rubbed her pussy while he sucked on her clit.

Eric held her head in his hands and looked into her eyes. "I want you to get on your knees, and suck me."

Todd stopped licking and said, "I could go for some of that."

"Boys... how slutty do you think I am?" Ashley asked.

"I think the taxi is a good indication of how slutty you are." Todd said. Ashley smiled a wicked smile.

"I've got an idea boys, but first you should strip." Both guys started stripping. When they took off their shirts she saw Todd had a flat stomach, a little hair on his chest, Eric on the other hand had some abs, they weren't too obvious though. Next came their pants, Ashley was biting her lip in anticipation. She saw Eric's cock first, it was around 9 inches she guessed, then Todd came into view, he was a little shorter, around 8. She smiled.

"Alright boys," she turned to the alcohol and undid both the lids, she walked over to them and handed them each a bottle. "I want you to pour this down your cocks." She then got down on her knees.

Taking a cock in each hand she began to lightly stroke them. She then moved her head towards Todd's cock and started licking the head of his cock.

She looked into Todd's eyes, "Pour that down your cock." Todd then began to pour the rum onto his cock, some of it running down it into Ashley's waiting mouth. The rest just pouring down his body or to the floor. Todd stopped pouring and took a slam of it while Ashley took him into her mouth, moving her head up and down a couple times, then licking the rest clean.

She turned to Eric's cock and started licking and kissing it. Eric started pouring the whiskey onto his cock, and Ashley licked up as much as she could. Then she swallowed his cock and went up and down while Eric took a slam of whiskey.

The went back and fourth between them for a while, savoring the taste of their cocks with the rum and whiskey.

She then pushed their cocks together. Before they could protest her mouth was around as much of both of them as she could get, greedily sucking them both.

"I think it's time to fuck this little whore." Eric said.

Ashley released their cocks from her mouth. "Yeah... please fuck me like a dirty, little whore." They picked her up and then placed her on the bed, she moved into the middle and they climbed on afterwards, Ashley laid down on her back. The guys poured some booze onto her tits and started to lick them clean, greedily lapping it up.

Todd moved down to her legs, he pulled them apart exposing Ashley's pussy to him. He poured rum on her pussy and then began to lick it clean, paying careful attention to her clit.

Eric moved up and grabbed her hair, he then brought her head to his cock "Open." Was all he said, all he needed to for her to open her mouth to let him in. He slowly moved her head up and down in a steady motion.

Todd stopped licking her pussy and repositioned himself between her legs, he started rubbing his cock up and down her tender lips. Ashley moaned around the cock being fed to her. Slowly Todd slipped in, starting slow and building a steady rhythm, he slid in and out of her with ease.

Ashley couldn't believe what she was doing. She was fucking two guys. One in her pussy and the other in her mouth. She felt dirty, and she loved it.

Eric pulled out of Ashley's mouth. "I need to take a break, I don't wanna blow just yet." He smiled at her. She smiled back, then looked at Todd. She wrapped her arms around him and kissed him deep, traces of alcohol still in both their mouths. Eric took a seat and watched.

After a couple minutes of hot fucking Todd asked "Hey Eric, think you can take our little whore for a while? I could use a break."

"Sure thing." Eric got up and walked over to the bed. He got onto his back and Todd climbed off Ashley. She got up and stood over Eric's dick. She slowly lowered herself down, once they met, she rubbed herself up and down his cock. She smiled at him. Then suddenly brought herself down, taking him in fully.

Eric put his hands on her hips, slowly she started to slowly move up him, nearly pulling off him, then slamming all the way back down again. She did this for a while, then slowly started to move faster. She was practically bounce on his cock, her ass slapping again his legs whenever she came down.

Todd moved over to Ashley and kissed her. Then he slowly kissed his way down her neck, across her collarbone, and down a little more to her breasts. He licked and sucked on them, occasionally nibbling her nipples.

Todd then stood up and brought he cock to Ashley's face, "Eat it you little cunt." She greedily devoured him bringing as much of him into her mouth as she could.

She could start to feel herself get close to cumming again. The her pussy was on fire. She was moaning like a banshee, the vibrations stimulating Todd more.

"Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum soon." Eric said.

"Me too," Todd grunted. "We should both cum on this whore's face. Would you like that little whore?"

Ashley brought her mouth off of his cock. "No... don't cum there. I don't' like it there." Eric pushed Ashley off him.

"Yeah, that sounds like a great idea." They brought her to her knees and started to jerk off right in front of her face. Her hands went to her pussy, madly fingering herself with one hand while the other rubbed her clit. She was moaning uncontrollably.

"Oh fuck! Here it comes." Eric cried, shooting his first spurt up onto her forehead, some of it getting into her hair, then his second along her nose.

"Shit!" That set Todd off, both of them firing off a spurt at the same time landing on both cheeks, both guys sent a spurt towards her lips and her mouth opened as she let out a loud moan and it when into her mouth. She then pushed it out of her mouth and it drooled down her chin. Another of Eric's went onto her chin while Todd sent one onto her nose. Eric began to slow down, the last few spurts falling onto her tits.

Ashley came. Her pussy letting out a flow then ran down both her legs onto the bed. Todd was still going strong, more spurts when onto her lips and cheeks before he slowed down and just fired the last onto her tits.

Ashley leaned back, cum on her face dripped down onto her breasts. She looked down at them and a little cum dripped off her nose and fell between her breasts.

"Oh god," she said "That was great."

"Yeah." Both the guys mumbled.

"A bathroom is through that door if you wanna get cleaned up." Todd said.

Ashley got up off the bed and walked to the bathroom. She looked at herself in the mirror. Cum was everywhere. She couldn't believe she had it in her hair. She felt used, dirty... satisfied.

She turned on the shower and cleaned herself off. Then when she walked back out, the guys were lying on the bed naked still, practically passed out. She climbed between them. And they all fell asleep.