 Donna was sitting at the vanity table in her hotel suite preparing for a cocktail party. She heard her husband Bob answer a knock on the door. He entered the bathroom and handed over an envelope addressed to her.

The note was from one of the senior Director's of Bob's company asking Donna if she could meet him in an upstairs suite in the same hotel. Donna read the note and looked expectantly at Bob.

"There it is baby, do we go through with this or not? It is what we have been aiming for, but if you have cold feet we can stop it now."

The "it" to which Donna was referring, was Bob's chance to be offered a senior head office position at the Vice President level. Bob was one of two or three outstanding operation's managers for the Company and he had been told that he was in the running for the position. After years of living in a variety of small remote locations, here was a chance for career advancement and city life, not to mention a lot more money. For her part, Donna was a big city girl and ached to return to the bright lights.

They were here for a convention. In addition the senior management and Board of Directors were interviewing the candidates for the VP job. At Bob's suggestion and for the past several days, Donna had been paying a lot of attention to Bryce, the senior Managing Director who had sent her the note.

He was considered the most influential member of the Board and his recommendation for the VP position would almost certainly be accepted. Donna had determined that he was susceptible to seduction and had let him know with words and touches that she was available.

Bob said, "Of course baby, we have to give this a shot. It is a gamble and it could backfire on us, but let's do it. You kind of like the guy anyway don't you?"

They kissed and she smiled, "He is a little old for my taste, but decent looking and seems like a nice guy. And I know that he wants into my panties. Besides, you have been humping the President's Secretary for a year or more, and it's time for me to even things up."

He pulled her close and said, "You know why I have been courting Elizabeth; she knows everything and everybody in the company, and her advice has helped get us to this point." This last comment was with a smile and a kiss. He and Elizabeth had started meeting for dinner and nights together on Bob's visits to Head Office and he had never hidden that from Donna.

Bob and Donna had an "open" marriage. They were very discreet about other partners and did not enter affairs near home. They had on occasion exchanged partners with others when on vacation or business trips and met one couple annually in Maui. Donna's meeting with the Director was a big risk for them; it could have an effect opposite to their intent. 

Donna said, "Better change my clothes again. This calls for something a little racier than a cocktail dress." She stripped naked in seconds. 

Bob sat back and watched her change. What a great looking woman. She was slim, had nice hanging tits, a flat belly, round hips and an ass accentuated by long slim legs. She was vivacious and outgoing. At 38 years old and no children, she was in her prime.

She pulled on a pair of black lace mini panties followed by a black pull-on dress with zippered back, and no bra. The hem of the dress was about half way to her knees. She let her hair down, applied more lipstick and stepped into a pair of black stiletto high heel shoes. She looked hot and knew it as she preened in front of a full-length mirror. 

Bob moved in behind her and pulled her back against his body. Looking over her shoulder at her in the mirror he said, "Nervous baby? This is a powerful man who can basically have anything or anybody he wants. We are not used to dealing with this sort so be careful."

"That's part of it my love, powerful men attract me. That is why I claimed you in the first place, aside from your good looks that is. I really laid it on him; he knows I'm meeting him to get in bed with him. I plan on having a good time. Don't expect me till morning."

They kissed passionately and then Bob opened the door and watched her glide down the hallway to the elevator. He felt sad for a few minutes, then went to the telephone and dialed a number. "Hi Liz, I am free tonight, come on over, bring a toothbrush."

Donna was more nervous than she had let on. She had met other men for sex on other occasions, but this was different. She had met the others because she had wanted pleasure. Bryce was not a man that she would normally have seduced. She hoped that she could relax enough to convince him that she really wanted him in her.

Bryce was waiting in his suite preparing for a night with a beautiful woman. The lighting was subdued, several flower arrangements added to the décor and a bottle of Champagne was on ice. 

He knew very well why Donna had agreed to meet him in his suite. Her husband wanted a promotion, simple as that. What they did not know was that Bryce had long ago decided that Bob should be the man. The fact of the matter was that he would never have allowed himself to recommend someone just to have a piece of tail. Donna was not the first woman to assume that he would. People in positions of power were often subjected to such offers, and Bryce seized on those opportunities whenever presented.

He did like sex, and this gal was quite special in appearance and desirability. No losers in this case. He would get nicely laid, the lady would believe she had sacrificed for her husband, and the husband would have a great job and a lot more money.

He called his good friend and fellow director Howard to join him. If she were ready to put out for one guy, she would probably do it for two. It had always worked that way in the past. Howard, in his quiet manner simply said, "Sure, why not."

Bryce must have been waiting beside the door for Donna as it opened immediately to her knock. At about 60 years old, he was big and heavy in stature. He was wearing a black silk robe; Donna knew she had not misread his intentions. This encounter would not be for chat. He took her hand and guided her into the suite. He was smooth and self confident as one might expect from a man with power over others.

"You look stunning Donna. That dress was made for your body." His eyes boldly ran up and down, lingering at her tits and then her eyes, confirming that he really was going to get laid. He poured champagne and they clicked glasses before taking a sip. Their eyes were fixed on each other. He wanted her and she knew it.

They moved over to stand by a bay window overlooking the city and harbor. He asked her some questions about where she was from originally, her family, education and other small talk. 

His burning eyes and body language told her that he was preparing to make a move. Donna was ready for anything, until she heard a sound and turned to see one of the other Directors, a man called Howard, enter the room. 

Donna had only met him once before. He was not considered to have much influence, and in fact would follow Bryce's advice on all matters. He had paid little if any attention to Donna on the one occasion they had met. 

Donna was puzzled; why would Bryce invite another guy if he were planning on bedding her?

Bryce said, "Ah, there's Howard, come over and meet Donna Howard, or have you met before? Donna, I like to interview the mates of those employees that are being considered for promotion, and Howard always provides me with his own opinion as well."

Howard just nodded and poured himself some champagne before sidling over towards them. Bryce continued talking to Donna, facing her and now holding her possessively by the hips. She sensed Howard standing behind her. He had not said a word as yet.

Bryce said, "Donna, you have to settle a bet between Howard and me. I claim that you do not wear a bra and he disagrees."

Startled back to the present, Donna gathered herself again and smiled and said, "You can collect Bryce, I seldom wear bras."

Just as she uttered the words she felt Howard find the small zipper at the back of her dress and begin to slowly slide it open. He pulled the zipper down to the bulge of her ass. His finger slid in along her crease almost to her butt hole. Then both hands slipped inside her dress along her belly and up to her tits. He cupped them and rolled the nipples between his fingers. 

"No bra Bryce, you win again," Howard said calmly.

Bryce pulled the top of the dress down to expose them, still cupped in Howard's hands. He took in his breath, "Ah God Donna, they are beautiful. But we have another bet to settle. Ask her Howard."

"Bryce thinks you shave your pussy Donna. Do you?"

Donna was in a very confused state of mind, she had expected to screw Bryce, but had no idea where this present situation was headed. But she stumbled out, "Yes, I shave it and did so about an hour ago."

Howard tugged the dress off of her shoulders and it slid to the floor, leaving Donna naked except for panties and high heels. Bryce's hand slipped inside her mini panties, and his fingertips massaged her mound. "Ah damn Howard, it is bare as a baby's bum. Want to feel it?"

Howard was now holding Donna by the hips and pressing his hard cock against her cheeks and he mumbled, "Later, I am busy with her great ass."

Bryce slipped two fingers between Donna's legs, caressing and rubbing her pussy lips. He was standing far enough back from her so that he could read her reactions to what was developing. She was beginning to relax and resigned to her fate, whatever it might be. It could only be sex in some form.

"Take her panties off Howard. Feels like she has a beautiful cunt," he said as he lifted a finger to his mouth and sucked it. After Howard had slipped her panties to the floor, Bryce hooked his finger back into her slit. His eyes never left hers.

Donna could barely stand erect, her knees were shaking, one man fingering her, the other rubbing a hard cock on her butt and pinching her nipples. She had no idea what was expected of her, but she did know that she would soon have a cock in her, from one guy or the other if not both.

She made a move as if to kick her heels off but Bryce stopped her, "Leave the heels on Donna. I want you to wear your heels when we're in bed. I said that today when we watched you walking across the room, didn't I Howard."

Howard was busy holding Donna by the hips and slowly rubbing his cock between her cheeks, "Yeah Bryce, you said that you were going to fuck the ass off of her with her heels on."

"Don't be so crude Howard, you could just agree." Howard did not answer. And then, withdrawing a bit from her Bryce said softly, "That is why you are here isn't it Donna? I haven't misread you I hope." He shrugged at her, his hands open as he indicated that it was her choice.

Donna began to regain control; she had not made a move or uttered a sound since the tag team match had begun. She untied Bryce's robe and exposed his thick hairy body. His cock was semi-hard, hanging out of a big bush like an upside down banana. She expertly took it in one hand while sliding the other down to cup his balls. The sudden move took the wind out of Bryce momentarily and he almost slumped to the floor in pleasure.

Howard opened his belt and zipper and dropped his pants and shorts to the floor. He straightened and guided his thick cock between her legs from behind. Donna was still uncertain which way these guys were going, but realized that this was not the first time that they had shared a woman.

Bryce pulled his cock from her hands and said, "I am going to the bedroom now, come and join me, but first let Howard play with you a little while. And keep your heels on."

Donna was like an automaton, just waiting for instructions although she was aroused and excited. She began to turn to Howard, but he just motioned to her to lean against the window while he kept his cock between her legs. Her pussy was juicy and she could feel the knob of his big cock slipping back and forth along her slit. She trembled a bit.

She assumed that he was going to take her from behind. Her pussy was pinched in anticipation, so she was a little disturbed when he moved his huge knob to her butt hole and began to circle it around the rim with pressure applied.

"Ah God Howard, it is too big, my pussy's ready, please," Donna pleaded.

Howard did not talk a lot, and simply pressed his knees between her legs to spread her more widely. He was not rough or angry, just persistent, and he kept trying to work it into her butt hole. He soon realized however that Donna was not going to relax enough, so he kissed her on the back of the neck and said, "Maybe later baby, go and see Bryce, he always gets first pussy."

Donna was relieved, much of her lust had evaporated as he had tried to force it in her, but she turned and kissed him lightly, smiled and said, "Yes, maybe later," a pause and then, "for some pussy."

Howard smiled at her and said, "I look forward to that." But he looked sad.

Donna composed herself and then entered the bedroom where Bryce had just settled in. He was lying naked on his back, his thick hairy body spread out and his cock at full mast. This was what Donna had expected and she relaxed and strode seductively to the side of the bed, reached down and held his cock while planting a hot tongue filled kiss on the big man.

"Want you on me baby, want to suck those nipples and feel you as you slide that hot cunt down my cock," he groaned, "and keep those heels on."

As Donna straddled him, lowering her ass down slowly, letting her radar locate the waiting cock, Bryce said, "Guess Howard did not have any luck," he said as his finger probed her butt hole. "He does love to butt fuck. On my nights away from home, he often butt fucks my wife, she loves it. He doesn't know that I know."

Donna had about half his cock in her, taking it slowly as her ardor increased. She bent down and lifted one tit to his mouth; his tongue twirled the nipple and then his lips devoured it. The effect on Donna was immediate, her pussy suddenly relaxed and she pushed down on him consuming his entire cock.

Bryce moved his hands to her ass cheeks, pulled and separated them, groaned and said, "Go for it Donna, you are so beautiful."

Donna was in her world now, a hungry cock in her pussy and she in control of events; she demonstrated her skills as her ass moved up and down on his cock, twisting her way down the cock, and untwisting her way back up. She had him now, could feel his cock swelling and throbbing, and she did not let him off the hook. He grabbed her ass and drove his hips up hard into her and blew his load.

Donna settled her butt down on him, clamped him with her knees and literally sucked his cum out. She felt him shiver and relax. She lifted her tits up off his chest, just grazing his hairs with her nipples, a look of triumph on her face as she slowly ground away at his softening cock. She was pleased that she had not got off, although she had thoroughly enjoyed herself. She knew that Howard would be lurking, and she was ready.

Sure enough, as she rolled off of Bryce, she saw Howard watching them from the doorway. He was holding a bowl and a towel in his hand like a naked waiter. His thick hard cock however indicated he had other things in mind. Donna's pussy tightened in anticipation as he strode to the bed and sat beside her. Bryce moved away as Howard wet a towel and motioned Donna to spread. 

Bryce had dumped a big load in her, and his cum was spread around her bare mound and belly and along between her thighs. Howard began to gently wipe it away with a warm wet washcloth. Donna had never experienced anything like that before and was mesmerized by the gentle rubbing and cleaning. She spread her legs more widely; Howard's thick fingers cleaned the inside of her lips and her inner thighs. He dried her off with a soft towel, smiling at her as he dried her pussy. Then a tube of jelly appeared in his hand and he applied it liberally to her pussy, and with a smile ran a jellied finger into her butt hole.

Donna had no hesitation in reaching up for the big man as he hovered over her, mounting her, his body braced on extended arms as he worked in between her legs. He went right for her pussy, slowly working his massive cock into her. She twisted and adjusted her hips as he probed. He felt big in her, and she took in her breath as he buried his cock in one full thrust. 

She looked down between their bodies and gasped at the thick shaft of his cock stretching her pussy lips; amazed that she had taken it so easily. 

Howard laid on her, covering her body with his, and began to stroke her relentlessly. She felt her body react, thrusting her hips up at him, soundlessly begging for more. She exploded in a violent orgasm, her heeled feet straight up in the air and then down to dig into the back of his legs, her body shaking and vibrating.

Howard kept going at the same pace. He was like a machine, a big energizer bunny, as he continued to drill away at her. Donna reached around his butt, slipped a finger into his butt hole. This did it and after one or two violent thrusts she felt the blast of hot cum deep inside of her.

After a minute, he pulled out of her, his cock all greasy looking, cum still oozing out the little hole and said, "Great baby, loved it." He strode to the bathroom.

End Chapter One 