 A cold breeze blew off of the ocean as Michael and his fiancée Ashley stand on the balcony of their rented beach house. They'd only been renting it for a few days, but the rest and relaxation from the big city had already begun to do them good. Alone in the huge two-story beach house with nothing by the ocean and themselves to keep them company, they seemed like the only two people left in the world. And they wouldn't have it any other way.

Michael wrapped his arm around Ashley's shoulders, holding her tight against his 5'11 muscular body. His short brown hair blowing in the wind, he stared down at the beautiful vixen he had all to himself. She turned her head upwards, staring into his hazel eyes with her beautiful, shinning green ones. Her shoulder length brown hair whipped around her face as she smiled at her lover. She half-way turned to face him, pressing her ample breasts against Michael's chest.

Michael leaned down and gently kisses her luscious red lips. She kissed him back, responding to the love he was showing her. He kissed his way along her check, putting his mouth close to her ear.

"Have I told you how much I love you lately?" Michael whispered, teasing her ear with his warm breath. 

She giggled softly and pressed harder against him. She liked the way his arms felt around her...how his deep voice sounded in her hear...how he always seemed to know just the right places to...

Michael gently kissed her ear, interrupting her thoughts. He kissed and gently nibbled on her ear lobe, knowing this would start to drive her crazy. He traced his warm wet tongue along the rim of her ear, teasing it gently. 

Like a content cat, she made a little purring sound and ran her hands through his hair. She could feel her nipples starting to harden, pressing against her tight shirt. Of course, she wasn't wearing a bra. She hadn't been able to wear one for too long in the past few days anyway...

Michael kissed her lips again, gently tugging on her bottom lip with his teeth. She moaned very softly, kissing him harder and pushed her soft tongue in-between his lips. He rubbed his tongue against hers, holding her against him. He ran his hands along her back, holding her closer to his body. He could feel his dick beginning to stir inside his pants, gently pressing against the blocking fabric. She smelled so good and felt so soft in his arms...he couldn't wait to...

DING DONG!

"Damnit...," Michael groaned, hearing the doorbell echo through the entire house. He'd been with his baby constantly for the last few days but he never got tired of having her in his arms. Whoever this was at the door could wait—

DING DONG! DING DONG!

Ashley gently pushed herself away from Michael, frowning at the persistence of the person at the door. She looked even more beautiful when she was angry, and Michael hasn't seen her angrier then when she's in one of her moods and gets interrupted...

She moved away from Michael and back into the beach house, prepared to throw open the front door and confront whoever was standing there. Michael followed her to the door, angry about the interruption as well. Ashley grabbed the handle and opened the door in a rush, mouth opened to demand what the trespasser wanted.

"ASHLEY!" cried the young female standing on the doorstep. She threw her arms around the startled and speechless Ashley. Michael had no idea who this visitor was, but guessed his fiancée did.

After her initial surprise, Ashley let out a cry of joy and hugged the mysterious stranger back.

"LACEY!" she practically screamed, jumping up and down with the girl in her arms. "It's been so long since I've seen you. How'd you find me?"

"Well, I had decided to take a much needed vacation and I figured who else to visit but my old friend," Lacey said as Ashley led her into the house. "I called your mom a few days ago and she told me you were on vacation with your (this surprised me the most) fiancée! I'm guessing this must be him?" she said, looking Michael up and down.

Ashley smiles wide and nods her head yes.

"Wow, you sure know how to pick them," Lacey whispered semi-quietly to Ashley. "He's a cute one..."

Michael blushes a little, over hearing Lacey's remark. The two girls only giggle, seeing the embarrassment Michael's going through. 

"I just wanted to stop in a say hi really. I still have to call a hotel and try and set up a room and everything," Lacey said, turning back to Ashley. "Do you mind if I borrow your phone for a minute?"

"Nonsense!" Ashley cried, shaking her head at her old friend. "There's no need for you to waste money to stay at some hotel when we have plenty of room right here. As long as it's ok with you honey...?" She looks at Michael with those puppy dog eyes.

Michael looks hesitant for a minute, but then nods his consent. How could he say no to his baby? He's almost never been able to before. After all, she's just an old friend of Ashley's. She won't get in the way too much...

Later on that night, Ashley had made sure Lacey was all set up in the extra room inside the house. By the time everyone was settled in though, it was starting to get late and Lacey said she was tired from her trip. So instead of spending the night catching up like Ashley had wanted, everyone instead decided to get an early night's sleep.

Michael and Ashley said goodnight to Lacey and went into their room. As Ashley was taking off her clothes to prepare for sleep, Michael came up behind her and wrapped his arms around her. She leaned back against him and sighed.

"I'm sorry about the interruption before Mikey...I didn't know she was going to come and visit. If I'd known I would have told her this week was a bad week. But I couldn't just let her stay in a hotel all by herself in a strange town..." Ashley said, asking Michael for forgiveness.

"No, no, it's ok baby. I know you two were really good friends and you couldn't just let her do that. We've only got a couple days left with the house, so I can put up with it," Michael said, giving Ashley a hug.

She turned around in Michael's arms and looked up into his eyes. He leaned down and gently kissed her lips. She kissed him back hard, beginning to slip back into the mood from before. Their tongues played inside each others mouths as Michael's hands roamed along Ashley's back. His finger tips slid along her skin, sending shivers of pleasure throughout her whole body.

"Maybe we shouldn't do this now..." Michael said, looking towards the closed door to the room. "With Lacey here and everything..."

"Ssssshhhhh!" Ashley said, kissing him again. "She's exhausted from her trip and probably fell asleep right away, she won't hear anything. Besides, she's a big girl. She knows what we'd be doing and is ok with it."

Michael smiled and kissed her back, giving in to the pent up lust and love built up inside him. He moved his hands lower down her back, gently running his hands over her firm ass. He gently squeezed each cheek and gave one a little smack.

"Mikey!" Ashley giggled, putting her hands around his neck and kissing him harder. "Careful with the roughness..."

Michael picked her up and she wrapped her legs around his waist, holding on with her hands around his neck. He carried her over to the huge bed they shared, laying her down with her head on the pillows. He began to kiss her neck, gently sucking on it just the way she liked. He didn't suck too hard though, not wanting to leave any tell-tale marks that Lacey might find the next day...

Michael ran his hands along her stomach as he kissed her neck, running his wet and warm tongue along her soft skin. He kissed his way along her neck down to her shirt line, running his long fingers all along her flat stomach.

"Your shirt's in the way baby," Michael whispered, looking into Ashley's eyes.

"Then get it out of the way..." Ashley whispered back, smiling mischievously. 

Michael made Ashley sit up and hold her arms above her head. He reached down and helped slide her shirt over her head and threw it to the side. Just like before, she wore no bra, allowing her beautiful round tits to spring free as soon as the shirt was removed.

Almost like it was his first time seeing them, Michael could only stare at them as they bounced and moved with Ashley's breathing. She reached down and took one of his hands, moving it and gently placing it on her right tit. Michael started to gently massage and squeeze it, feeling how firm yet soft they were. He leaned it and started to kiss Ashley's mouth as he did so, slipping his tongue into her mouth again.

All this sexual buildup was starting to make Ashley extremely excited. Her nipples were hard, sticking out into the cold air practically begging to have attention paid to them. Michael rubbed his fingers over them, gently tugging on Ashley's lower lip as he did so. He took one in between his fingers and gently pinched it. Ashley moaned softly.

Michael stopped kissing Ashley and lowered his mouth to her right tit. He began to kiss it all over, running his tongue in circles around her hard nipple. He quickly flicked his tongue across it, teasing it. He took her nipple in between his lips and gently began to suck on it. Ashley let out a low moan and placed her hand behind his head, holding him to her sensitive nipple. He sucked and licked it, reaching up to massage her other tit. He loved to do this to his baby...loved the way her nipples tasted and the amount of pleasure it brought her...but he loved tasting another part of her even more...

Michael switched to her other nipple, sucking on it harder. He reached down and slowly unbuttoned Ashley's pants, getting no resistance from his lust overcome lover. He released her nipple from his mouth and put both hands on her waist. Ashley lifted her butt off the bed, allowing Michael to slide her pants and hot pink thong off. Pink thong on the outside to match the pink color inside...

He pushed her legs wide open and began to kiss her along her thighs. He slid his wet tongue along her skin, slowly inching his way up in between her long smooth legs. Ashley practically shivered with anticipation, wanting to feel the pleasure she knew his mouth promised to bring her. Michael kissed his way along her upper thighs, finally reaching the spot she'd promised would always be his. 

He gently started to kiss the outside of her pussy, breathing warm air over it as he did so. Michael could tell how horny she was, her pussy was already wet. He reached out and gently spread her pussy open, feeling how hot and wet it was. He leaned in and slowly started to lick it with his tongue. He pushed his tongue part way into her pussy, flicking it in and out. She tasted so good, her pussy juices like the sweetest nectar in the world.

Ashley moaned louder, reaching down with one hand to massage her tits while putting the other on the back of Michael's head to hold his wonderful tongue in place. He pushed his tongue deeper into her pussy, flicking it in and out, fucking her with it. He held both of her legs wide apart, allowing him full access to her sweet pussy. His tongue made circle motions around her clit, teasing it with little flicks and breaths of warm air. She moaned louder, pinching her nipples and holding onto Michael's hair, thrusting her hips a little to meet his probing tongue. 

Suddenly, out of the corner of her eye, Ashley caught a flicker of movement. Did the door just seem to move? She had thought she closed it but—"Mmmmm...oh my god Mikey...yes eat my pussy..." She moaned, losing herself in the pleasure she was receiving. She was always amazed at how good he was at eating her pussy. He flicked his tongue over her clit, driving her crazy and starting to push her towards an orgasm. 

Suddenly he stopped, leaning away from her pussy. Ashley practically screamed in frustration, knowing she was close and wanting her release. Instead, Michael stood up and unbuttoned his pants, pushing them and his boxers to the ground and stepping out of them. His hard six inch cock stood straight out from his body, bobbing gently as he moved. Ashley stared at it, licking her lips. She wanted to have it...she needed to have it inside her...

He climbed onto the bed but Ashley grabbed him and pulled him onto his back before he could do anything. She climbed on top of him and took his hard cock in her hand. She guided it to her pussy, pressing the hard tip against her wetness. She slowly began to push down, working his cock into her tight pussy inch by inch. Michael groaned softly, feeling how hot and tight she was wrapped around his dick.

Finally, Ashley had all six inches buried deep into her tight pussy. It felt so good to have him inside her again. She began to gently rock her hips, feeling his cock rubbing against the inside of her pussy. Michael reached out and began to play with her beautiful tits, massaging them and pinching her nipples. She looked down at her lover, moaning softly as his hard cock invaded her. She began to move herself up and down on his dick, slowly riding him. This was her favorite position, Michael knew. She liked to be dominated, but sometimes she liked to be in control...

Ashley threw her head back and moaned louder, sliding her gorgeous body up and down Michael's cock. She reached down and gently began to rub her clit, adding more pleasure. Michael moved one finger to her mouth, where she eagerly took it in between her lips and started sucking on it. A brief image of two cocks at her disposal flashed her mind, but all she really needed was her Mikey. She squatted over him, sitting with only the head of his cock inside her pussy, and rotated her hips. Then she slammed herself back down hard, feeling his entire hard dick plunge deep into her. 

It was then that Michael noticed the same door movement Ashley had before. Ashley was lost in her own pleasure, unable to notice anything outside of it even if she'd wanted to. Michael looked at the door, noticing it slowly opening a crack. And there she was, watching this hot love session with wide open eyes. Lacey stood just outside the door, watching as Ashley rode Michael's cock like a wild cowgirl. But it didn't seem like she was just watching. Through the crack in the door, Michael could see one of her hands was slide into her loose sleeping pants. Michael couldn't believe it; she was touching herself while watching them have sex!

Michael could feel himself getting close to cumming, and knowing Lacey was standing there fingering her own pussy was pushing him even closer to the edge. Suddenly, Ashley slammed herself down on his cock, screaming and moaning his name as she came all over his dick. She slumped down , staring down at Michael all flustered and panting.

"Mmm...Michael...you didn't cum for me...I can't have that..." She slid of his still hard dick and lowered her mouth, sliding it over the head. She swirled her tongue around the head and along the shaft, tasting the sweet mix of Michael's pre-cum and her own. She gently massaged his heavy balls with her hand, pushing his cock deep into her throat. She looked up into his eyes and made a little humming noise in her throat, causing the vibrations to run along his dick.

"Oh my god baby...I'm cumming...I'm cumming inside your mouth..." Michael moaned loudly, shooting his cum into her mouth. He heard little grunting noises coming from the other side of the room and could only guess that Lacey was reaching her own orgasm. Ashley swallowed as much of his cum as she could before letting his softening cock slip out of her mouth.

She crawled up beside Michael on the bed and lay down next to him. She snuggled up beside him and sighed contently. "I love you Mikey..." she whispered, closing her eyes.

Michael looked over at the door and saw that it had silently been closed. He turned back and put his arm around Ashley. "I love you too baby..." he whispered.

They both drifted off to sleep in each others arms, not knowing what the next few days would bring...