 Ashley's day began rather abruptly but was wonderfully satisfying. John, her husband, lover and best friend, made her feel like a complete woman early this morning. She is now basking in the aftermath of their sensual, passionate lovemaking. Her body still tingles from the multiple orgasms she experienced. She thinks back, trying to fully recall the feel of his thick cock inside her pussy. John has since gone to the office, but will be meeting Ashley later for lunch at a posh restaurant downtown.

She thinks back to a time before John entered her life. She is a highly sexed woman, often thinking of sexual scenarios throughout the day.

Her recollections brings her back to a time when she hungered for black cock. She never thought to find a lover more enticing than a virile black man. Thoughts of those huge black cocks causes her to lick her lips and her hands to drift down to her loins. Her fingers play with her still sensitive clit rubbing it to an even greater hardness. Two fingers gingerly enter her wet vaginal passage and she moans softly, remembering thick black mambas buried deep inside her ass and pussy once. Her other hand moves languidly to her ass, inserting two fingers at once. A double penetration, so common when getting fucked by big black men. They work best in groups.

Ashley closes her eyes, transporting herself to that crazy day when she first experienced a truly "dark time."

Her fingers continue to wreck havoc to her loins and nether regions as the memories come clearly into her mind, unfolding one scene at a time.

It was a long time ago, when she was still unattached. She has had several extreme sexual encounters, in public, in groups, in the library and in adult cinemas of course. Taking chances made everything more exciting. She loves to tease, even to this day, and had teased boys from all walks of life and background. One fateful evening, her tease went too far. She was in a club then, dancing away when she was joined by a handsome black man, about the same age as her at 19. He danced close to her, and teased her in return. They touched and kissed before the dance was over. The petting was heavy soon after the dance. Her breathing was shallow as she tried to contain her excitement of the night to come.

Then, the slow dance started. As they held each other close, she could feel his obvious erection throbbing through his pants. Thick and long. Ashley's sheer clothes left little to the imagination and she wore no underwear. Her body is firm, sexy, with curves at all the right places. Her ample breasts stands proudly on her chest, high, with slightly upturned nipples which are now hard from the cool air and from rubbing up against his broad chest. She had on a silky outfit. A thin white blouse with matching mini skirt. Her pussy was moist from all the close contact with the handsome young black man named James.

When the slow dance started, all the lights in the club was dimmed way down. They could hardly see the couple dancing next to them. James took full advantage of this and began to caress her sexy ass. He lifted her skirt slightly, his fingers probed, seeked out her sex. She pulls him tighter to her, allowed him to reach around her easily now and his fingers found their target. Ashley squirmed her ass back against his probing finger, and his thick black fingers penetrated her moist cunt right there on the dance floor. She let out a low groan of satisfaction as his fingers found their mark, probing inside her, satisfyingly.

She turned a bit to allow his hand to get in between them. It is easier for him to now finger fuck her, and he buried his fingers up to his palm. Two fingers at first, and then three, as he pumped furiously in and out causing Ashley to take deep breaths as she tried to steady herself on the dance floor. Her knees buckled under the intense stimulation which caused her breasts to jiggle slightly. His other hand cupped her firm fullness and he massaged her beautiful orbs gently, going from one to another. Occasionally, he pinched her nipples and made them even harder and more sensitive as each moment passed. She bit her lip when she came. Her pussy clenched down hard on his fingers and he couldn't move them.

In a slight daze from the intense stimulation, Ashley suddenly decided to back away and quickly exited the club. James followed her quietly not wanting to lose the opportunity. He had no idea why she had backed out but he know she yearned for a good fuck even though she may be too proud to admit it right then. Before anything though, James sent out an SMS.

Ashley continued walking quickly, cutting through a small park on her way home. She felt horny as hell and decided to stop and she sat down on a secluded park bench. James knew the neighbourhood well too and knows about several park benches which were rather secluded, far away from the street lamps and walking paths. When he lost her walking into the park, he had suspected that she may have stopped to rest at one of those benches. He had no clue that resting was the furthest thing on her mind that evening. When he chanced upon her, her skirt was already bunched up to her waist, her fingers in her pussy pumped furiously. Her lips were parted, and she moaned softly as she finger-fucked her sweet, wet cunt. Her other hand was busy with her tits, as she squeezed them. She kneaded and pinched her own nipples alternately through her thin, flimsy blouse. He couldn't see a thing of course. It was too dark, so he chanced a closer look. He came real close and was able to make out what she was doing due to the contrasting outfit she had on. It reflected what little light there was.

Her eyes were closed, not expecting anything or anyone to be around, especially at such close proximity. James clearly enjoyed the view as he felt his hardon twitch in his pants. He was erect since they began their dance at the club. Then, he heard her call out his name softly and asked him to fuck her. At first, he thought that she knew he was there but she was in fact just wishing out loud. She regretted that they did not get together. She wanted a good fuck that night. She didn't know how good she would eventually get fucked though.

While she fingered her pussy and remained oblivious to the world, James had walked up to her bench and was staring directly at her exposed, shaved pussy. He had a good whiff of her sex juices from her now over excited and dripping pussy. He strained to get a better view in the darkness but had to be satisfied with what he could see in this low light. The thought of her playing with herself was already too much for him. He quietly pulled down his pants and let his long manhood free. It was black and menacing. His own large hand could barely encircle it as he stroked it several times, making sure it was hard as rock before making his next move.

Ashley had almost climaxed when she suddenly felt a strong pair of hands on her thighs. James called out her name and identified himself, so as not to alarm her further. What she did not expect was that his hard cock went directly into her hungry cunt, filling her up completely with rock hard man-meat. She was so wet that night that his full length slid right in its entirety up her wet, welcoming hole. She convulsed in a crazy orgasm, frantic in her excitement and lust. Her body shuddered and shook violently, fucking upwards, and tried to swallow more of his hard cock into her quivering cuntal passage, prolonging the lustful waves of her orgasms which had just begun to crash into her. James began fucking her with earnest. He plunged his cock deep inside her and then withdrew almost all the way before he fucked it deep inside her again. He got into a rhythm, each thrust going in harder and faster. Deeper and deeper. Her cunt hungrily welcomed his fucking prick, wishing there was more.

As if answering her silent wishes, Ashley felt a separate pair of hands on her breasts. Someone else unbuttoned her blouse and exposed her fair skin to the darkness of the night. The warm hands brought a warm, welcoming sensation to her heaving breasts. Then, she felt yet another pair of hands on her thighs which pushed her harder against the fucking cock already pumping violently into her cunt. While her breasts are being massaged, another pair of hands began playing with her nipples. She gasped, out of breath at the multiple stimulation. There must have been at least four men. She could hardly see them in the darkness. She could only make out their blurry shapes. Strong virile black men, she hoped.

Then, she heard a thump just beside the bench on which she was being so mercilessly screwed. The fucking continued, relentlessly. James is not even close to cumming as he fucked Ashley as hard and fast as he could.

A moment later, he stopped fucking and she felt herself lifted bodily up, with his magnificent cock still buried in her. She is placed on a mattress or a very large cushion which they brought. She moved quickly to get James under her. She held his fat cock in her hand momentarily, unable to circle its girth, licked her lips in anticipation of the pleasure it would bring her with what she had in mind next. She positioned it straight up, pointing at her open pussy lips. Once she felt it spread her cunt lips apart, she sat down on it, hard. The entire fuck rod drilled deeply inside. It buried itself as she impaled herself upon it so wantonly. She grunted her satisfaction but remained motionless as she adjusted to the large tool buried so deeply inside.

Before she was completely accustomed to the huge invading rod, she felt another fat prick at her ass. A glob of lubricant was poured over her nether orifice and the cock head rubbed it around, spreading it around her anus, getting her well lubricated before the invasion begins. Ashley felt a large cock head spread open her back passage, grinding its way inch after pleasurable inch up into her belly. The two pricks in her rubbed against each other, separated only by a thin, fleshy membrane. Her arms are pulled back and the man rammed his prick all the way into her ass, merciless in his conquest of her flesh. Carnal pleasure overcame her. Her mind surrendered to the delicious fucking rendered by these two magnificent cocks. They fucked her rhythmically, giving her the most pleasure as they pumped in and out urgently.

With her arms pulled back, her tits are thrust outwards for the taking, like an offering to complete the sacrifice. Two mouths encompassed both her nipples at once, licking and sucking voraciously as they expertly manipulated those pleasure points to an even greater sensitivity and hardness. Ashley let out a low groan as these many men work feverishly to satisfy her. Her hips rocked back and forth, eagerly swallowing and releasing the two hard cocks which fucked her ass and pussy. She felt another fat cock on her lips and she opened her mouth to eagerly suck on it. She licked and laved and sucked on it hard, causing the man to moan out loud and urge her on. He asked her to keep sucking it like that.

Before long, she felt her orgasm build up in her again. It hit her hard, with a tsunami-like force. She came so suddenly, shaking and shuddering uncontrollably, and squeezed hard on the two cocks as they continued to pummel her ass and pussy. She milked them, causing them to cum as they spurted in long jet-like streams up inside her. She sucked hard and the cock in her mouth began to spurt as well. All four of them came at the same time, each man's climax contributed to her own, extending the blissful sensation which smashed through her for a good long while..

Then, Ashley was lifted again, bodily, where she stood but bent over a little. The two men who had played and manipulated her tits had not fucked her yet. It is now their turn. One stood behind her while the other in front. They first had her bent over a little and the one behind had unceremoniously shoved his big fat cock up her nether orifice. Then, she was lifted up, sandwiched between them, while the other man took her cunt. He plunged his cock all the way into her with one hard thrust. Ashley draped her arms around both their shoulders and allowed them to share her weight. As she positioned herself between them, she found that she could rock her hips in rhythm to their brutal fucking. Both were fucking alternately in and out of her pussy and ass. She rocked her hips and encouraged them on. Their hard black cocks slid effortlessly in and out of both her pleasure holes.

Both men grunted and groaned their satisfaction and pleasure as they pumped deeply into her with their long, black fuck tools.

Ashley could not believe it when she saw more black men who had just arrived at the scene. She saw them coming from the corner of her eye as the two men fucked her good. A few of them brought some lamps. They were turned on but at a very dim level, just enough to cast a warm amber glow over the entire scene. She gasped loudly in surprise when she saw at least 20 people there. There was another white girl in the group of black men. She too was being fucked out of her mind by those merciless, large black cocks. Some were as thick as her forearm. Some were as thick as small baseball bats. Most of them were longer than 9 inches. She wondered if these were friends of James. She would certainly want his telephone number if that was the case.

The two black studs fucking her increased their pace. They fucked in and out of her now like a locomotion, machine-like, relentless. A few men had come to help out, holding her up while the two hard cocks invaded her as fast and as deep as humanly possible. She could not contain her pleasure. She could not contain her lust. She could no longer hold back the tidal wave of orgasmic pleasure as it raced to the forefront. Her body begins to quiver, then shudder and then shake violently when the bubble burst and wave after satisfying wave of her climax ripped through her, driving her lustfully out of her young mind, completely losing control. Her pussy and ass gripped down hard on the two large cocks in her orifices as she came causing both the black men to spew their cum deep inside her. She could feel it splashing around hotly inside and then slowly dripped out onto the sheets below.

The cocks are deflating and she was gently put down onto the large mattress. The two black studs left her on her hands and knees, with her ass waving seductively up at the crowd. Her head rested on the mattress, her lips mumbled something about more cock, fucking harder and hungry pussy. Her nipples were so sensitive that one slight touch would make her wild and make her rush towards orgasm at an even quicker pace. As she waved her ass, she pinched both her tits wildly, and let a loud moan escape her luscious lips.

The group heard her and began to line up behind her. She felt a large cock head spreading her pussy lips apart and pushed itself deep into her still clenching vaginal passage. Her orgasm has not completely subsided. He slammed into her mercilessly though, uncaring, uninterested in anything except his own carnal satisfaction. He thrust hard into her cunt. Ashley tried to relax, to accommodate his huge tool. She felt like it would rip her apart. As he buried his cock inside her, another man began to finger her asshole, spreading it wide open with his hands. The hung, black man fucking her pussy increased his pace when he saw her lewd asshole open like that. He drove Ashley into another mind-shattering climax and he came at the same time, and squirted more cock juice into her already full cunt. He completely flooded her quivering vaginal passage, seeding her with black virile DNA.

Ashley felt the hot juice squirting out of the cock inside her and rams her ass backwards to make sure she takes all of it in. It is too much for her though and the warm semen seeped out to cascade wetly down her smooth inner thighs. She heard a loud plop when the cock exited her cunt and another stepped in to take its place, and again, the fucking is hard, deep and relentless. She was driven to multiple orgasms that night. Ashley fucked like the slut she was. She wanted more and more. She needed more and more to satisfy her insatiable appetite for black cock. She is stretched now, aching and satisfied. She felt another cock dumping its load into her. It then promptly exits and another takes its place. The deep doggy style fucking drove her insane with pleasure. She loves how deep a cock could plunder into her vulnerable cunt when she is in that position. She would also be completely helpless to do anything about it.

Before she could recover, two mouths latched themselves onto to her nipples from below, while a new cock replaced the just deflated prick. They sucked hard and licked her nipples as if they were the last drops of candy on Earth. Ashley had been overstimulated to the point of no return. Her voluptous boobies were ravaged, used and abused. She was all turned on by those expert mouths who continued to suck and lick on her sexy tits, while she enjoyed the deliciously naughty sensations building up in her loins. The new cock had invaded her ass and stretched her rectum beyond the point of no return.

The sun had begun to rise. Her surroundings got brighter and brighter. The men slowly began to leave. She was left there alone on the large mattress, drenched in cum. Each man had their turn with her, some even three times. Her pussy still not completely satisfied. Still yearned for more cock. Then, from the corner of her eye, she spied two policemen patrolling the park. They often did due to numerous reports of drug addicts hanging around the place. Little did they know that they would find a sex addict in the park that day.

Ashley tried her best to cover herself with the bedsheet. Her sexy form is still outlined by the thin sheets as the policemen walked up and wished her a curt good morning. Apparently, they were off duty, as they explained, and had walked by to patrol the park while they made their way home. They took an instant interest in her. They asked if she would like a ride home and she welcomed it immediately. They wrapped her up in the sheets and one of them picked her up and carried her to their vehicle. While they walked, she noticed that they were two handsome black studs and they looked great in uniform. 

Her ass was inadvertently exposed while she was being carried. She looked down and tried to cover it up but the man had other plans. He took out his baton, spat a glob of saliva on it and pushed it up into her puckered asshole. Ashley groaned out loud as pleasure overcame her again. Carnal lust quickly racing to the forefront. She doesn't want to go home now. The man then took the baton from his partner and inserts that black rod into her yearning cuntal passage. Ashley convulsed in multiple orgasms there and then. Cumming and shuddering non-stop at the invasion in both her sex holes. The raw lust and pleasure was too much for her. She just wanted to fuck again and to be fucked good. After an entire night of fucking, she wanted to have these two men complete her descent into dark times.

Instead of to their vehicle, they brought her to their favourite place in the park. A spot under a bridge where they have kept meticulously neat and clean. Ashley could not fathom how many other women had been here. It was well hidden and completely out of sight. The door is disguised as a brick wall with moss growing over it. Nobody knew this was here.

They turned on the lights and put her down on her hands and knees, with the two batons lewdly sticking out from her holes. They each took one and began to pump her hard and fast. These batons are smooth, moving in and out quickly causing her pleasure to rise. Passion and lust coursed through her body as the men expertly manipulated her holes with those huge rods. She cums again, uncontrollably. Her body completely out of her control, cumming almost every other moment she was being fucked. Once she had cum, they pulled out the rods. She replaced them with her fingers, four from each hand, pushing as deep as they would go, as she lustfully spread her ass and pussy open to these handsome black strangers. Before she knew it, one had made a call via radio. He stated just one word, "Bridge."
