 Ashley is gently stirred awake by something warm, gently rubbing her exposed clit. She moans softly, wondering if she is still dreaming. Her dreams are erotic of late. Her desires and wants greatly heightened just from her dreams. Her pussy remains almost permanently moist. She moans again, louder this time, as the fingers on her clit begin a slightly more vigorous motion. She turns a little to lay flat on her back and spreads her legs wide, bending her knees so that those fingers have direct, unhindered access to her cunt and clit. Her pussy glistens, moist and ready. Another set of fingers move to the entrance of her moist pussy and she feels two fingers gently insert themselves into her hungry cunt. Her vagina eagerly swallows them, squeezing down on them as they curl up and rub against her G-spot. She moans out again as her pussy excretes more juice, allowing the fingers in her to move faster and more easily around inside.

Her breathing is ragged. Her body feels flushed with desire. Her hips, moving on their own accord, complementing the fingers probing inside her, bringing her the highest possible pleasure. She is now fully awake but is keeping her eyes shut. Not wishing to see who or what is manipulating her this way. She feels another pair of hands gently massaging her breasts, rubbing her nipples to an aching hardness before pinching them slightly, making them stand out even more. A moment later, her nipples are engulfed by something warm. Sucking, licking and nibbling at them. She groans out at the intense pleasure from the burning tips of her breasts. Her flesh, sensitive and being manipulated.

Something in her wants her to open her eyes but keeping them shut, letting the anticipation take over, anxiety enhanced, she is getting excited and stimulated even more quickly than usual. Her cunt juices dripping onto the sheets and soaking the mattress. She felt a pillow being pushed under her ass, lifting her loins up and making them more accessible to whatever follows. Right at that moment, she hears a familiar humming. She groans inwardly, anticipating the wild pleasures which would soon ensue. She feels the fingers spreading her pussy lips wide apart. Ashley gasps as she felt the cool air touch her insides. Without warning, a large metal dildo is pressed up against her open passage and is slowly pushed, inch by pleasurable inch, up into her pussy. She groans out loud, feeling the large metal cock head pushing her insides wide apart, filling her cunt so completely. Once the large head is completely in her, she lets out a moan as her pussy lips adjusts to the smaller shaft behind the obscenely large head.

The large metal head begins to vibrate inside her. It touches her G-spot directly, driving her crazy with desire and lust. Ashley loses control. She reaches down to grab hold of the metal shaft and slams the dildo as far as it would go inside her. She groans out loud in pleasure, feeling every inch of the large metal cock-head buried deep and buzzing inside her wet, pulsating cunt. Her pussy stretches and relaxes as the she pulls and pushes the large metal head to and fro inside her vagina. The vibrations are getting stronger and stronger. Every deep push brings her closer and closer to her inevitable orgasm. Ashley pumps her pussy faster and faster, urgently wanting to reach her orgasm. The sensations on her tits, manipulated by hungry mouths, is fanning the flames of lust deep down in her very being. She fucks her pussy even faster. Fucking even harder, pushing the large bulbous metal cock-head deeper into her vagina. Somehow, she is denied orgasm. Her body is trashing about in a frenzy. Her legs spreading themselves wider and wider, allowing her to reach depths she has never experienced before. She envisions herself a lusty, slutty bitch, fucking her own pussy for all she's worth.

As if sensing her urgent need to cum, the large metal vibrator begins sending out tiny electric pulses, touching the insides of her sensitive pussy. She screams out loud at the unexpected additional stimulation. Ashley convulses in uncontrollable orgasm. She grabs the dildo tightly and drives it all the way in, hitting her cervix and twisting it to rub against her G-spot. The large metal head could touch her all at once inside. A few more electric pulses is emitted, driving her into another frenzied orgasm. Screaming out loud, she fucks her pussy even harder than before. Ashley is in a frenzied race to reach as many orgasms as she can. These past few days on vacation has turned her into a creature of pure lust. Sluttier and sluttier as days go by. Now though, nothing else matters but the pulsing, vibrating sensations between her wide-spread legs. Ashley continues fucking herself. Pumping almost involuntarily, her hands in a blur, her pussy just demanding to be fucked. She rams the huge rod in and out of her luscious yet unsatisfied cunt. She needs something more. She needs to feel completely full. Even though the rod sent another jolt, driving her to another orgasm, she still yearns for that feeling of being completely filled up.

With that, Ashley turns around and raises her ass high. Her left hand still working to pump the metal dildo in and out of her cunt. Her right hand goes to her ass. Two and then three fingers penetrate her ass. She spreads her ass wide apart with three fingers and then begins a slow pumping motion in and out of her sexy ass. Another finger joins in. Then, her thumb. A moment later, she's fist fucking her ass while pumping the large metal dildo in and out of her pussy. Fuck. Oh she needs to fuck. She needs to be fucked. Anything will do and now, the dildo and her hand seems to be the best tools for this. Her carnal cravings not satisfied, even by the multiple orgasms she has already experienced.

Then, Ashley feels a slick liquid being poured over her ass and pussy. Some sort of oil. She removes her hand and the large dildo from her gaping orifices, allowing the liquid to lubricate her open holes. Before she could start fucking herself again, someone had grabbed the dildo and pushed it deep into her cunt again. Another metal dildo is being simultaneously inserted into her ass. The heads of these dildoes are almost as big as her fist. While one pushes in, the other pulls out, alternately fucking her two open cavities with such vigor and ferocity, driving her to another gut-wrenching orgasm. She screams out loud and long. Her sexual orifices being used to their fullest, just the way she likes it. She pushes her ass lustfully back against the invading metal rods, taking them deeper and deeper. As she is gets used to the rhythm, moving closer to her orgasm, she gets another pleasant electrical shock from both the dildoes, sending her right over the edge. Her pussy begins squirting hard, splashing love juice all over the room. Both the dildoes remain motionless now while her hips continue pumping to and fro, sustaining the satisfying, lust-filled orgasm she is experiencing. Her juices squirt out whenever she pushes back onto the two rods. She fucks herself silly on those large metal dongs, enjoying the smooth pleasure while being satisfyingly "stung" once in a while, cumming as she does.

After a long while, her orgasm subsides and she collapses onto the bed. The two metal rods are removed from her open orifices with a plop. Her sexy, hot holes remains gaping widely open. More oil is being poured on her ass, flowing easily into her. The tingling feeling from the rather warm oil is driving her insane with lust. She opens her eyes to look around the room, wondering what is going on. She had sensed some movement around her and decided to finally open her eyes. She gasped out loud at the totally unexpected scene around her. She is still on the bed, her ass poised teasingly up in the air, holes wide open from the intense pounding a moment ago. Her body still yearning for more. Her senses overwhelmed by the scene around her and her multiple orgasms caused by those large metal rods she had used to fuck herself with before being well stuffed by some lust crazed stranger.

Around her, there is about 20 men. All naked and well built, in every department. Men from all walks of life. Some were Spanish, feeding her favourite fantasy. John Gabriel, the love of her life, stood at the far corner of the room, observing her every reaction. Her pussy, already dripping wet, after her session with the metal toys, is now quivering in anticipation, ready for more. Her cunt juices flows down her inner thighs, staining the bed sheet below her. She gets up on her hands and knees then reaches back to slowly rub her hardened, sensitive clit, groaning at the pleasure of this self-satisfaction. Everyone in the room begins to move closer to her. She noticed that the Spanish hunks had the thickest cocks, almost two inches wide. She gasps inwardly when she noticed a group of five well hung black men. They had the longest cocks with the most bulbous cock heads. The rest of the group promises many pleasures with cocks in all shapes and sizes. Some bent a little upwards, some bent downwards, some were slim and long, perfect for deep anal penetration, while some were thick and fat but just about 6 or 7 inches in length, great for hard and fast fucking. Each of her fantasy lined up now, coming true at any moment. All of them were holding some sort of toy. Some have bondage gear.

Ashley closes her eyes again, her anticipation getting the better of her. She lets her fingers go wild on her throbbing, sensitive clit. She took a deep breath as she felt the first pair of hands on her body. Her body tingles at the pleasure afforded by those experienced hands. She remains on her hands and knees, with her ass waving in the air, like a sacrificial carnal offering for the group of studs. John Gabriel watches on, enjoying every moment. His cock stands out, rock hard, thick and proud, waiting patiently for its turn. Ashley looks at him and winks, mouthing a silent "Thank you" as she feels fingers probing her wet pussy. She closes her eyes again. A cock is introduced to her mouth. She opens up and sucks hungrily on it, allowing the man to face-fuck her. More fingers attack her pussy, spreading her wide apart. A moment later, more hands reach out and grabs her ass, kneading the firm, naked flesh. The flame in her loins permeates through her body, the lustful fire in her going out of control. Her nipples hard, being gently pinched and teased by the many men. She spirals lower and lower into the depths of lust and depravity. Unable to control her desires any longer, she mouths out around the cock, "Oh someone, please fuck me ... "

She could not see who was the first man to mount her. All she could feel was a long, hard cock sliding deep into her welcoming pussy. A moment later, another man gets into position to stuff his long fat cock into her open ass. Her orifices are again fully used, to her pleasure and the pleasure of everyone in the room. They watch as she easily takes in three hard cocks into her. The intense pleasure from being so thoroughly fucked is driving her towards an inevitable orgasm. She lets herself go, completely immersing herself in the moment. Lust and pure carnal pleasure taking full control of her now as she fucks back on the hard cocks penetrating her ass and pussy. A vibrator is introduced to her clit and she is thrown completely over the edge, cumming hard around the two cocks, squeezing them tightly, deliciously in her hot sexual orifices. She groans around the cock in her mouth as her orgasm caused the two men to cum at the same time. They pump her full of semen, deep in her ass and vagina. The orifices overflows with juices, dripping down onto the bed, further staining the sheets. The two hard cocks slowly withdraw while the third in her mouth begins to shoot hot streams of sperm across her face. It quickly withdraws, giving way to whoever is next in line.

Before anyone else begins to fuck her again, she feels cold, metal clamps attach themselves to her clit and nipples. These clamps are connected to tiny vibrators and metal chains. Her nipples and clit is being pulled downwards, obscenely extended. Those points are super sensitive in this state. Then, someone turns on the power. The sensations coursing through her would have thrown her into another climax but at that exact same moment, she felt a huge cock suddenly ram into her hot inviting pussy from behind, burying itself completely into her lust-filled open cunt. It immediately begins to fuck her in and out at a furious pace, distracting her from her climax somehow. The overwhelming pleasure from the intense fucking has made her lose focus but is now building her climax to an even higher intensity. Her body shakes and shudders, struggling to reach the orgasm which was first denied but now building to even greater heights. Her pussy throbs uncontrollably as the continued incessant plunging of the huge cock drives Ashley closer and closer to orgasm. The entire room is quiet. Ashley's mouth is hangs open, her body tense, her breasts swaying tightly beneath, her cunt is wet and open from the harsh assault. As the cock is too long to be completely buried in her, there is no sounds of flesh against flesh as he continues his plunder of her greedy cunt. The atmosphere is somewhat tense as everyone holds their breath, waiting for her inevitable climax.

Then it hits her. Ashley screams out loudly, wailing at the top of her lungs as wave after wave of intense pleasure smashes into her in a gut wrenching climax. It is an explosion of carnal pleasure beyond her wildest fantasies. Her pussy squirts out around the still plunging cock, spraying some of the men who were staring intently at the huge rod fucking her. Her body shudders and shakes. Her head collapses onto the bed, face buried in a pillow, screaming out at the intensity of the deep fucking pleasure still smashing into her. She grunts and groans as the cock continues to slam into her pussy with the force of a pile driver. Her hands reaches back to spread her ass cheeks wide open, giving him an even better view of her abused and exposed cunt and ass. He suddenly pushes two fingers into her ass, stretching her apart painfully there. Pain and pleasure is a powerful mix and she is thrown into yet another climax. Ashley convulses uncontrollably now. She collapses completely onto the bed. Laying flat on her stomach. The huge cock still buried in her pussy due to its length. He continues to fuck her while she lays prone on the bed. The vibrators and clamps bite down painfully on her sensitive spots but the mix of pain and pleasure keeps driving her to climaxes she never knew was possible.

Eventually, her orgasm begins to slowly subside. Gentle hands remove the clamps before she scratches herself. The cock in her pussy has withdrawn completely out and is now poised to penetrate her welcoming ass. He jerks himself off quickly and just when he's about to cum, he plunges deep into her asshole, squirting his hot semen inside her, causing her to squirm and gasp at the sudden invasion and immediate ejaculation. After emptying all his seed, he pulls out of her with a slight plop. Someone rolls her over and another two men spread her legs wide apart to give everyone a delicious view of her well used pussy and watch semen drip out of her tight ass. She opens her eyes to see the two Spanish hunks approach. One going directly to her wide spread pussy, delving down and attacking her clit and cunt with his mouth and tongue. Suckling on her clit while licking it to an even greater hardness and sensitivity. Ashley pushes her hips up into his face as the other Spanish guy kisses her deeply on her lips, his tongue pushing past her teeth to mingle with hers. His hands on her firm breasts, gently massaging and sometimes pinching her nipples softly. They are both teasing her, going into foreplay mode, getting her ready for what is to come. Her body responds as if on its own free will, giving herself freely to them, taking in all the pleasure and satisfaction from this sublime experience.

He breaks the kiss and turns her head sideways a little and she gasps at the view before her. There was another girl. Fair skinned, long blonde hair and of European descent. She is straddling a large cock while someone else fucks her ass from behind. A classic double-penetration but with such intensity that it blows Ashley's mind, adding to the intense pleasure already growing within. The blonde's long legs and shapely ass is a marvelous sight indeed. The way she moves, letting her bouncy C-cup breasts sway in rhythm to the intense fucking she was receiving, is stimulating Ashley more than she thought possible. While the two Spanish studs continue their oral ministrations on her lithe body, Ashley stares more intently at the blonde and her two partners. She notices their cocks to be thick and at least 8 inches long as the blonde is being fucked with long strokes. Her pussy and ass obviously stretched, satisfyingly, as Ashley could only imagine. Based on what she experienced a while ago, she felt almost jealous of the blonde. She wants that pleasure all for herself. She gasped when she noticed the blonde reach climax, shaking uncontrollably as the two hard cocks continues fucking her furiously. Before long though, they too reach their climax and their ball sacs empties into her rectum and vagina.

Ashley stares in shock as the two cocks withdraw and the large metal dildoes take their place. The blonde remains in her position, on her hands and knees as two men work the metal cocks into her cunt and ass. Ashley wondered how it was possible when those two rods were in her earlier. The heads were almost as big as tennis balls. The shaft is much slimmer though but once inside, the sensations it brings from the slight electrical pulses and vibration would be more than any woman could bear. Ashley was right as at this point, the blonde begins to shake again, letting out a loud groan. The metal cocks has brought her to another satisfying orgasm. Ashley closes her eyes a moment as she feels two fingers slip wetly into her open, inviting pussy. She reopens her eyes to continue watching the hot blonde getting fucked by those huge metal cocks. At this point, the blonde was spasming, jerking rhythmically from time to time. Ashley assumes it must be from the light electrical pulses emitted at the large cock heads. Those pulses would definitely touch her G-spot and most of her insides, causing uncontrollable, involuntary orgasms with each slight jolt of electricity. The sexy girl moves to grab her breast, massaging furiously and pinching her nipples hard as pleasure slams into her. A few men move to attach the sexy, vibrating nipple clamps on her. In Ashley's mind, it was her again, nipples and clit being clamped. Her nipples and clit are being attended to by the two studs while fingers had penetrated her pussy.

...

After a long while and many many orgasms later, Ashley is finally sated, exhausted and thoroughly satisfied. Her cunt and ass aching from the relentless, incessant pounding of twenty hard cocks. Her nipples and clit ultra sensitive from the non-stop ministrations and manipulations from hands, fingers, mouths and tongues. Everything was a blur after the two Spanish studs mounted her and fucked her out of her mind. One could only imagine how many orgasms she had succumbed to. How many buckets of sperm had been deposited deep into her quivering pussy and wide open ass. Ashley has John Gabriel to thank for all this. Her ultra-rich boyfriend whose focus is now only to satisfy her seemingly insatiable carnal lust.

Now, still on holiday in South America, hidden away in a secluded beach on a remote private island, there is almost nothing which John can't do ... 

-to be continued-