 Bob's wife Donna had joined a Director of his Company in his hotel suite for the purpose of seducing him into backing Bob for a Head Office position. She was surprised to find out that she would have two directors to service. Shortly after she left her own suite, her husband Bob had called Elizabeth, Secretary to the President, to join him for the night. 

Bob poured himself a drink after Donna had left on her mission. His mind however was on the lady who would be knocking on his door in a little while.

Elizabeth was the Secretary to the President of his company, a tall elegant and commanding woman who pretty much ran the Head Office. A person had to go through her for appointments with senior staff. She invariably wore stylish business suits, black stockings and heels at work. Bob knew very little about her personal life. Office gossip was that she was a divorced woman who while always friendly, was very private about her home life.

For some reason she had taken a liking to Bob from the first time they had met. She had arranged meetings on short notice for him with the various head office executives, had looked after his travel and hotel reservations, and generally made his life easier while in the city. 

She accepted an invitation to join him for dinner after a late Friday night meeting. They hit it off very well that first night. They talked easily, tenderly touched and brushed against each other; and hated for the night to end. Bob had been much encouraged by the soft lingering kiss she had laid on him as they said goodnight. As she slipped into the cab she whispered to him that she hoped that they might do this again. They spent the night together on his next visit.

Their affair continued during his visits to Head Office. She was a great source of information and had been the first to let him know that he was under serious consideration for promotion. She kept him posted on who she believed supported his promotion and who might not. He used this information to attempt to improve his standing with particular individuals.

She had told him about Bryce, who was the appointee of the company's major shareholder. While on paper the power to appoint the VP position lay in the hands of the President, it would be difficult to imagine anyone getting the appointment without the full approval of Bryce.

A knock and he opened the door for Elizabeth. As always she was wearing black stockings and high heels to accentuate her long slim legs and trim ass. However in place of a business suit she wore a sheer blouse and flared skirt. She looked and smelled elegant. 

"God you are beautiful Liz," Bob whispered as she melted into his arms. She had this way of applying her entire body against his as their hungry lips engaged. They worked their way across the room to the bay window of the suite. Bob's hands eased up under the back of her skirt to her ass. Ah God, she always had a surprise for him. She was wearing a garter belt without panties. His cock surged and rubbed at her. He fondled her bare ass, sinking his fingertips into her skin. 

"Ah damn Liz," he groaned as his hand worked around to her bare pussy, squeezed it and fingered her slit.

She whispered, "Where's Donna? How long do we have?"

Bob replied, "She has an appointment, she'll be late, maybe all night. She knows all about you so relax."

She backed off a bit, her eyes focused on his, "I want to watch you undress me Bob."

She watched in a mirror as he undressed her. She was soon standing in front of him almost naked with only the garter belt, stockings and heels in place. Her pert smallish tits pointed back at him from the mirror. The dark strip of her bush captured his eyes; a seeming extension of the black garter belt painted on the very white skin of her belly and thighs. But it was not a painting, the scent from her glistening pussy slit giving life to it.

He knelt to pull the heels off, brushing his mouth against her mound. He unclasped the garter belt, and rolled each long black stocking down her legs. He fondled her legs from her calves to her pussy. With her garter belt still around her waist, he lifted one of her legs over his shoulder and moved his head in to lick and suck on her pussy.

She balanced on one leg, bracing herself with hands on his shoulder as his tongue worked its magic. "Oh you are good," she moaned, "I have never been loved like that by any other."

He stood up slowly as she unhooked his belt and zipper, popping his cock out to rub along the inside of her thigh before sliding into her pussy. He pressed her against the wall and with her leg now hooked around his hip, they enjoyed a few long slow strokes before he lifted her and carried her to the bedroom.

Meanwhile Donna lay exhausted and supine after Howard finished pounding her pussy. When she was able to focus again she realized that Bryce was standing by the bed. He had donned his robe and was holding a white robe for her. "Come Donna, looks like you could use a hot tub."

As he guided her to the hot tub, located in a little room beside the bay window, he said, "I loved it all; you are a wonderful woman. If we can get Bob appointed to Head Office, I hope to see you often."

Donna trembled with excitement. Was this success? Had he said the same thing to any of the "other" wives? She had a feeling that he had not. But she simply said, "I would love that Bryce, I enjoyed myself tonight."

He smiled, "Good. But the night is not over. Surely you do not have to run off? Stay for a little while longer please." With that he cupped one tit and said, "You have great tits Donna."

He pulled her robe off, kissed her and felt her tits and pussy as he guided her into the tub. His robe fell to the floor as he moved to join her, his half hard cock and balls swinging between his legs.

As they settled into the warm water, Howard the naked waiter appeared once more; a chilled bottle of champagne and three glasses in his hands. He was still fully erect. Donna's pussy clenched again. She thought to herself that this guy was a real banger, even if a little gray on top.

They sat on each side of her, holding a glass of champagne and toasting the other across her body. The men took turns kissing Donna and feeling and sucking her tits and nipples. Donna took a cock in each hand. She believed that she had already won the day for her hubby, and was determined to seal the deal. Sex proceeded quickly with these two as if all preplanned. Donna had an idea in which direction it would now head.

The men rose together facing each other, their cocks at face level to Donna. They looked down expectantly at her. She reached out and took hold of them both, bent forward and licked each knob. She slipped her lips over one knob, then the other. She rubbed them on her face. 

By accident the cocks came together and without really thinking she allowed the two knobs to rub on each other while using her tongue to excite them. The effect on the men was dramatic. They both stiffened and groaned. It took a minute for their reactions to sink into Donna's mind but she realized that feeling each other's cock had excited them. 

She pretended that she had not noticed their reactions, and began taking turns sucking each cock, taking them deep to the back of her throat. She struggled with Howard's big shaft but took in as much as she could. Their legs were trembling and she knew that she could get either of them off easily. 

She jerked them off at the same time and then bent in again to lick and kiss their knobs. They were bracing themselves on her shoulders, their faces showing the agony of pure pleasure, but not acknowledging the occasional feel of the other guys cock. 

Donna said, "Who wants to go first?" Without waiting for an answer, she 'accidentally' rubbed their knobs and cocks together again. She looked up at them with an innocent expression on her face, "I've never sucked two guys at once before, is this alright?" She pressed the knobs together and licked and kissed them at the same time.

It was doubtful that either of them planned it right then, but they got off, spraying cum in all directions. They slowly slumped down into the tub again, chests heaving, exhausted and a little embarrassed. Donna felt exuberant. She had given the both of them the ride of their lives, and she was hornier than ever. Business had become pleasure.

She reached over to find their cocks. Bryce protested as she found his already soft cock. Howard was made of sterner stuff; his cock had barely wilted. She moved towards him, rubbing a tit on his upper arm, kissing his neck and mouth, and grasping and stroking his cock.

She moaned in his ear, "Howard baby, I'm hot, I need it, fuck me please."

Howard turned to her, his face seemed more soft and tender. He smiled a little and kissed her softly. "Do you want me to make love to you or just fuck you Donna?"

The words tumbled out of Donna, "Make love to me Howard, any way you want to."

End Chapter Two