 Saturday at noon. What better to be doing on the first day after school got out than to be delivering a punishment-delayed diploma to a young 18-year old hottie? Especially one that lived in a rural trailer on a secluded piece of land. A secluded piece was exactly what I wanted.

Besides, she'd invited me over for seconds after completing her morning punishment detail. D-cups and tail. Detail. You bet.

Yeah, I'd already put my assistant principal's job on the line a couple of hours earlier and I was trying to make sure I got my money's worth. I turned down the gravel county road, drove a mile, and then took the left onto the dirt path leading into a stand of pine trees. About a hundred yards in, you could see the doublewide. The only car there was her ten-year old Camaro. Perfect.

I parked my truck next to the Camaro, and got out, holding the envelope with her diploma. I walked up the stairs to the front door, and knocked. That's when I got my surprise. The woman who answered the door was short and stacked. But it wasn't Cat. 

Yeah, same height, same body type, except maybe fifteen pounds heavier, most of it in her tits. Her hair wasn't that auburn color halfway between red and brown. Well, maybe it had been before she bleached it. She was probably twice Cat's age, and carried herself with the same kind of provocative air. "Yes? Can I help you?" she said with a slight smile.

I instantly knew who it had to be. "Miz House, I'm Lance Spears from the high school. Katherine did her punishment detail this morning, and I'm here to deliver her diploma." I gave her a smile and tried to look her in the eye the whole time. It was difficult.

Why was it difficult? Because she dressed like her daughter, that's why. She was wearing a tee shirt from a local bar called the Wooden Nickel. It was white with a cut in the front collar that extended down to her sternum, the bottom of the shirt cropped off at around the belly button. Oh, and that shirt was really tight, and advertised the fact that she had really, really big tits and no bra. She also had on a short tennis-style skirt and was barefoot. Her hair was a little mussed. It almost looked like she'd just crawled out of bed and was willing to get back in it. I mean, damn. The apple didn't fall far from the tree.

"Actually, it's Roderick, Katelyn Roderick," she said. "I've had to keep my exes' name for legal reasons." "That asshole," I heard her mumble under her breath. "Mister Spears? Cat's mentioned you. Come on in." She gestured with her hand, inviting me into the trailer.

It was impossible not to notice her tits bouncing as she did so. There was something about the sum total of her that made me want to throw her down on the floor and take her, right there. I'd never been hit upside the head before like that by a woman's appearance. I kept my thoughts to myself as much as I could and followed her. Damn, the way her ass swayed when she walked only made it worse.

The living room had an overstuffed sofa opposite the door. "Sit down, please," she said. "Is that her diploma in the envelope?"

"Sure is," I answered. I handed it to her. "She would have gotten it last night if she hadn't vandalized Miss Morton's room."

"Yeah, I know," she replied. "That was stupid."

"It got her stuck picking up trash the morning after graduation, Miz Roderick."

"Call me Kitty. I understand she had to be punished, but Miss Morton's a real bitch. She gave Cat all kinds of grief this year."

"Kitty, I hate to say it, but Cat brought a lot of it on herself. She gave Miss Morton attitude from day one."

Kitty took a deep breath, and then let out a big sigh. Damn, it just stretched out her t-shirt even more. Damn. It was hard to concentrate. I tried to sit there and not betray my thoughts.

"Can I call you Lance?" she asked. I nodded. "Lance, Cat's had a tough couple of years. We moved twice since she started high school because I had to get away from my ex-husband. He's a real asshole, and threatened me. He had enough pull with the local sheriff up in Kentucky to stay out of jail, but we had to move around twice to get clear of him and then she had to start all over again this year at another school. Senior year is a bad time to have to do that."

"That's tough, all right. Still, there are lines you just can't cross. She kept crossing them and I finally had to lower the boom on her. That's my job as assistant principal. I have to keep all the kids in line, and I can't play favorites or I'll lose control of discipline. You understand, I hope."

She looked down while I was talking to her, and I could have sworn she was looking at my crotch, checking it out. When she looked up at me, she shook her head. "Believe me, I know. She's been driving me crazy this year, especially after she turned 18. She started staying out late with her new friends and coming in at all hours, and her grades weren't what they should have been. She should have had A's instead of B's and a few C's."

I nodded sympathetically. She continued, "It didn't help that I'm stuck working as a waitress at the Wooden Nickel. It means I'm gone most nights and that left her here without supervision. At 18 she's old enough to get into all kinds of trouble. I sure did at that age. I was supposed to work this afternoon, but I called out so I would have a chance to talk to you. I sent Cat over to her friend Melissa's so we could talk freely."

"Would you like something to drink?" she asked.

"A water would be fine," I answered.

"Coming right up." She got up and walked to her kitchen, which gave me another chance to admire the way she walked. I heard the refrigerator door open and close, and she walked back into the living room with two bottled waters. She leaned over to hand me my water, and gave me a nice view down her shirt. Nice view for sure.

When she sat down on the sofa, she pulled her left leg under her, sitting half tailor-seat, right leg dangling over the side so she could face me. That exposed even thigh, and I didn't get a flash of panties. That was even more distracting, because it got me wondering. Then she really got my attention. 

"Lance, I have something really important to ask you."

"Certainly, Kitty."

"Did my daughter do what she was supposed to do during her detention?"

Oh, oh. "What do you mean?"

"Was she picking up trash for an hour, or did something else happen?"

Oh SHIT! I could feel my face go red. My employment life flashed before my eyes. "Excuse me?"

"Cat came home with a wild story this morning. I want to know if it's true."

I had to play this one just right, or my life was going to be over. "You'd better tell me what she said."

She took a deep breath. Despite my panic, I couldn't help but notice the way her tits stretched her shirt when she inhaled. 

"When Cat came home about an hour ago, she was walking funny. I know what that funny walk means, too. I could tell she just hadn't been picking up trash. When I asked her how her school detention went, she gave me a funny look. 'Fine, momma,' she said.

"I asked her to define 'fine.' She started to stammer, so I got firm. 'You weren't just picking up trash were you?' I said. 'What the hell were you doing all this time?'

"That's when she told me that you forced her, Mr. Spears. She said you took her off into the woods and told her she'd been a handful all year, so you wanted to get more than a handful. She said you grabbed her tits, then made her suck your dick before you took her clothes off and fucked her."

Kitty had this intense look on her face, but I noticed her nipples were practically bursting through her t-shirt. Her face was flushed as she continued to recount a story that could put me in jail if anyone believed it.

"I told her she was full of shit, that I knew she had a couple of boyfriends that she'd snuck off into the woods with. She looked surprised, but I told her I wasn't dumb. I had been 18 once myself and knew how that worked. I also told her I wasn't just going to take her word for it.

"We went into my bedroom and I examined her. She took off her panties and spread her legs so I could see. Her pussy was puffy and dark pink, the way a pussy looks after it's been fucked hard by a really big cock. There was cum still leaking out, and her panties were full of cum as well. She looked at me and said 'I told you momma. He made me do him, and he was real big.' 

"When she told me you had said you were coming by at noon for more, I cleaned her up and told her to go to Melissa's, and that I would deal with you myself. Mainly, I wanted to find out if she was bullshitting me or not. Now, tell me why I shouldn't go to the school, and to the cops, and get your ass fired MISTER Spears."

My mouth was open after listening to this version of events. But my mind was racing. I again noticed that the nipples on her huge tits were practically jumping out of the t-shirt. And then I looked down at the couch. Not only did I not see a flash of panties like you'd expect considering how short her skirt was and the way she was sitting, I noticed a damp spot on the sofa cushion where she was perched. That's when I knew what I had to do.

"Kitty, I'm not going to insult your intelligence. Something did happen this morning, but her version of events isn't even close to reality. I'm going to tell you all about it, and I'll leave it to your sense of fairness to decide what to do, okay?"

She squirmed a little in her seat, then replied. "That sounds fair enough." Then she surprised me by leaning forward and putting her hand on my thigh. "But understand, I want the full and complete truth. No bullshit, no evasions. I want to know EXACTLY what she did, and what you did."

The feel of her hand on my leg had an immediate effect. I did my best to hide it, but I knew she saw the physical reaction her touch provoked. I saw her lick her lips ever so subtly. I knew then that today could turn out to be a very good day for me.

"I'm going to predict that Cat doesn't like to do much cleaning around the house, right?" She gave a little snort of agreement. "Today, she came dressed to distract, to try to get out of doing punishment for vandalizing the teacher's room. Kitty, she knows she has a hot little body and was playing it up all the way. No bra with big tits like hers and a tight shirt, little bitty shorts, waving her ass around. She knew exactly what she was doing.

"She was shocked that I still had her doing the grunt work she was supposed to do. Purely shocked the hell out of her. But when we wound up at the back of the school grounds, she saw an opening and she took it."

I felt Kitty hand moving up and down along the length of my thigh as I continued my version of events. "She went back into the woods and I followed her. When we were out of sight of the school building, she turned around and suggested we have a little fun. She took my hands and put them on her tits."

Kitty smiled at me and reached out and took my hands. "Like this?" she said, and put my hands on her breasts. Now the nipples were really stiff. And so was I. I slid my hands around on her shirt and she closed her eyes with a smile.

"That's right, Kitty. But here's what I did next." I took my hands off her tits and started to peel off her shirt. She lifted her arms to assist me. I tossed the shirt aside and put my hands back on her now bare tits and began to stroke her nipples with my thumbs. "That's what I did. I took your daughters shirt off and rubbed her tits. Then I leaned down and started sucking on her nipples."

I bent over and took Kitty's right nipple into my mouth and began to suck it and run my tongue over it. She gasped and grabbed the back of my head to pull me closer. I let out a satisfied "Mmmm," then switched to the other side and repeated my oral attack on her left tit. 

She murmured "Yes" and I caressed the right nipple with my hand while I sucked on the left one. She started to lean back onto the arm of the sofa when I stopped and stood up. She looked up at me, her face and torso flushed from excitement. "Why did you stop?" she asked.

"Well, your daughter pushed me away from her tits and told me to take off my shirt," I said as I did just that. "Then she dropped down to her knees and started giving me a blowjob."

She smiled. "Oh, I see. She got to her knees in front of you like this?" She got off the couch and pulled down my shorts and underwear together while she kneeled in front of me. Like daughter like mother, I guess. "Wow. That's big," Kitty said as my dick sprung free, no longer painfully trapped in my shorts.

"That's what she said," I responded, laughing. Then she opened her mouth and began bobbing her head up and down on my cock. "And that's what she did." No laughing this time. The feeling of her mouth on me was exquisite, and the sight of her hungrily attacking my dick was just as arousing. 

She pulled my cock out of her mouth and looked up at me. "Did my daughter lick the head of your cock like this?" she asked as she began to run her tongue around the crown, and then along the underside. 

I went onto my tip toes as I grunted a "Yes." 

"Oh my, my little girl is very naughty. Did she lick your balls, too?" I grabbed the back of her head as she began to do just that. After about fifteen seconds of licking and sucking, she stopped and looked up at me. "I'll take that as a yes. Do you like how I suck your dick?"

"Oh hell yes," I sputtered. She grinned up at me, and then took my dick as deep into her mouth as she could and began bobbing up and down again. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the sensations for a moment, but when it became clear I couldn't last much longer, I reached down and pushed her away from my crotch. "Would you like me to show you the rest of what your daughter and I did?"

She nodded. "Yes. Please show me."

"For the rest, I think it would be a good idea to go into your bedroom." She stood up. "You won't be needing this." With that, I stripped off her skirt. Just as I thought, she wasn't wearing panties. Good, I thought, one less thing to deal with. 

I led her to the bedroom and we stood beside the bed. Her face was flushed, her nipples stiff, her pussy obviously wet. In the mirror on the wall on the other side of the bed, I saw my reflection, my cock engorged, still glistening with her saliva. I gestured, and she laid down on her bed. I joined her on the bed, and she spread her legs.

"That's right. Spread your thighs. I'm going to demonstrate how I ate your daughter's pussy." She scooted up on the bed, putting pillows behind her back for bracing and I went to work with a quick lick. Just like her daughter, Kitty kept her kitty trimmed, which made for easier access.

"Your daughter has a pretty pussy. And so do you. Let's see if you taste like her." I used my hands to part the folds of her vulva and began licking her up and down the length of her cunt. When I reached her clit, she jumped a little bit and let out a small moan. I began flicking my tongue quickly side to side, then every few seconds switched to an up-and-down motion. She moaned louder this time and put her feet on my shoulder blades.

Time for the real oral deal. I stopped stimulating her clit and ran my tongue into her pussy. That really got her going, as she hissed a "Yessss...." I swirled around, then began tongue-fucking her. It sure didn't take long. She grabbed the back of my head, pulling me deeper into her crotch, and then began to cry out and cum all over my face. Her pussy juice was nice and sweet, and I lapped it up for all it was worth.

As her orgasm subsided, I rose to my knees. It was a relief, because laying face down on the bed was difficult as hell with my cock so stiff. My newly freed prick bounced as I assumed the next position, grabbing her by the hips and hitching myself forward on my knees until my cock was at the opening of her pussy.

"I'm going to fuck you just like I fucked your little girl a couple of hours ago. You want my cock in you, don't you?"

"Yes," she said in a shaky voice. "Fuck me right now."

She didn't have to tell me twice. That's when I discovered a 37-year old pussy could be just as tight as one that was 18-years old. Hell, maybe even tighter. It took three or four thrusts to get even halfway inside her tight tunnel. "God, you're tight," I gasped. "Tighter than your daughter even, and she was tight."

I let out a "Yes," when I felt myself finally wedge myself inside her. I began to fuck her nice and slowly. She was trying to meet my thrusts, rocking her pelvis forward. "You like how my cock feels inside you, don't you." She whimpered assent. "Your daughter liked my cock inside her too."

That got her going even more. I sped up my thrusts. "You need a good fucking just like your little girl got." 

"Oh yes, fuck me. Fuck me deep." She started gasping again, and I realized she was almost there for a second time. I sped up and really started jackhammering her, and she practically yelled as her pussy began to clench and pulse once again.

The only thing that kept me from going over the top with her was the fact that I'd cum just two hours earlier. Her orgasm was a step above her first. She liked to have her pussy licked, but getting that same pussy fucked was what she really needed.

I didn't slow down even after her second cum started to let up. I leaned down and looked her in the eye. "I'm going to cum in your pussy just like I came in your daughter's pussy. You want my cum inside you?"

"Ah. Ah. Ah. Yes. Ah." It was hard for her to talk. And at that point, it was done talking. It was time for cumming. And oh, brother did I fill her full with cum. I didn't know I had that much in me after pumping Cat full-up that morning. I arched my back and let out a bellow, and then finally collapsed on top of her, her legs wrapping around my waist.

I lifted my head up. "Fuck," I said reverently.

"Oh, fuck yeah," she responded. "I suspect you taught my daughter a lesson this morning."

Then a voice piped up from the bedroom doorway. "He sure did." It was Cat.

I rolled off of her mother. Kitty looked at her daughter and asked, "How long have you been standing there, young lady?"

"Long enough," she replied. "Long enough to see a really epic fuck. I told you Mr. Spears had a really huge dick. Did you like it as much as I did?"

Her mother snorted a laugh. "What did you think?"

"I think you enjoyed it more than I did. You came three times. He only made me cum twice. Hi, Mr. Spears."

What the hell. "Hello, Cat. Did you enjoy watching me fuck your mother?"

"Sure. Watching is almost as fun as doing. You really put it to her."

I glanced over at Kitty. She had a little Mona Lisa smile on her face. Then she spoke to her daughter again. "Cat, you're the reason I'm lying here with all this cum running out of my pussy onto my sheets. I think it would be good manners if you cleaned us up. After all, I cleaned you up this morning."

A smile slowly crept across Cat's face. "Sure, Momma. I'll be right back." She turned and left the room.

I leaned over and gave Kitty a kiss. She responded, saying "You taste like my pussy. Yum." We were still kissing when Cat came back into the room. She had a towel -- and she was naked. I enjoyed the sight of her huge tits bobbing slowly as she walked to the bed.

"I'd better start with Mr. Spears, right momma?"

"Yes, do him first."

Cat walked to the foot of the bed and climbed on. She put the towel down, then crawled over to me, grabbing my cum-coated cock with her hand. "Mr. Spears, you have a really nice, big dick," she said, then to my shock, guided it to her mouth, and began to suck out the cum still remaining in my cock. 

Almost of its own volition, my right hand reached down and caressed her hair as she made a slurping noise and quietly said "Yum." She then took my suddenly hardening dick out of her mouth and began to clean up my balls and the area around it, licking up the remaining cum on my body. When she was done, she popped my dick back into her mouth and began to give me a blowjob until Kitty stopped her.
