 I can't believe I went without sex for over a year. Okay, I'm a big woman and I thought that no one would want me. First it was my husband, who really didn't want me. When he left me for the skinny bitch he'd been fucking on the side I went into a little depression. I stayed home and felt sorry for myself.

Then a few months ago I was out with my friend Susan and I met a guy who was in town on business. Yes he was married. But let me tell you, he was a great lay, and loves big women like me. He's been back to town a few times and we've done a lot of things his wife never wanted to try. I've always loved sex, and used to get a lot of it. That is, before I was married. It always helped that I have a real flair for fellatio. It thrills me to feel a cock shooting off in my mouth.

Since I met Len I've had several other guys, mostly married men. I've discovered that sex is so much better for me if there's no opportunity for emotional involvement. Just "wham bang, thank you sir!"

Friday night I headed out for Moose's. It's a neighborhood bar that has live music on weekends. I'd heard there were usually some guys there. Plus it was walking distance from my apartment. So after eating I showered and pulled on my jeans and a white man's dress shirt, leaving three buttons open at the top. Now not only am I a BBW, I also have Big, Beautiful Boobs. I've learned they can be effective bait when I'm trolling for men. I didn't wear a bra of course - I was serious that night.

When I arrived the band was playing old rock and roll with more enthusiasm than skill. As I got settled in at the bar, I looked around but only saw one single guy. He had prematurely white hair and a nice looking beard. But his entire attention seemed to be taken up trying to look down the blouse of the bar maid. I thought about buying him a drink and let him look down my blouse, but decided to wait and see what else showed up.

I noticed an older couple come in. They were both short and she was definitely a petite. Well built, just on a smaller scale. For a minute I regretted that I couldn't wear tight Capri pants like her. They tend to make me look like a cartoon character. They looked good on her with her hard little ass, though.

Turning my attention back to the bar patrons I saw that no other singles had come in. Just as I decided to move over next to Whitey I heard, "Would you like to dance?" It was the short fellow. Looking over, his wife caught my eye and nodded her okay.

"Sure," I said, and he led me to the dance floor. The first number was pretty fast, and we just gyrated on the floor without touching. Then the band started a slower tune and he took me in his arms. As we moved around the floor I was aware of his leg against mine. I thought I felt an erection, but wasn't certain. What I did feel was one hand on my ass and the other one squeezing my breast. "What would your wife think if she knew you were out here feeling me up?" I asked.

"It was her idea." I had no idea how to respond to that, so we continued around the floor with his dick against my leg and my tit in his hand. When the song ended, he stepped back and said, "Why don't you grab your drink and join us." I went over and got my beer and purse then headed for the booth where his wife was waiting. "I'm Richard and this is my wife Marion," he said by way of introduction.

"And I'm Astrid," I said, seating myself across from Marion.

"Astrid. Doesn't that mean 'little star?'" asked Marion. "So maybe tonight you'll be a 'shooting star,'" she added. Confused by that comment I couldn't think of anything to say.

"I'm going to the restroom, ladies. I'll be right back," Richard said and walked away.

When he had gone, I leaned over and asked, "Did you really tell him to grope my boobs?"

"Sure. He started admiring them as soon as we saw you. Richard has always been turned on by big women, even though he's married to skinny little me. So when he saw you with those big things bouncing around I knew he'd be excited. They are nice ones you know." With that she stuck her hand into my blouse, cupped my breast and ran her thumb over my nipple. "Yes, very nice indeed."

I was stunned. Nothing like that had ever happened to me before, being openly grabbed by a woman. At a loss for what else to do, I reached over and took her left tit in my hand, fondling it through her tube top. I pinched her nipple between my thumb and fingers and found it as hard as a rock. "Oh yeah," she sighed. "That feels good." And it did. Her tit, although small, was perfectly shaped and just fit in my big hand while her small hand barely fit around my big jug.

Just then Richard came back. "Would anyone like another drink?" he asked, not even acknowledging that we were holding each other's tits.

Barely looking at him I said, "Yes, and this time bring me a bourbon. Double. No ice"

"I've got what I want," Marion said.

"So I see," Richard murmured as he headed to the bar.

"I can't believe I'm sitting here feeling up a woman," I said.

"Like it?"

"I'm not sure, but I'm not ready to stop yet."

"And I'm glad of that because I like it and don't want you to stop."

Just then Richard returned with my drink. Without letting go of the tit in my right hand, I picked up the drink in my left and swallowed half of it. "Did you drive here?" Richard asked.

"No, I'm only a few blocks from my apartment."

"Good, why don't you come home with us for a while?" Marion said. She then named a street in one of the fancier areas of town. "We'd love to 'entertain' you."

I must have been completely out of my mind, because I agreed. Gulping down the rest of my drink, I disengaged from Marion and we headed out. Richard had parked on a side street, and he got in the drivers seat of a Mercedes convertible. Marion opened the back door and said, "Let's you and I ride in the back." Then looking at Richard she said, "And you keep your eyes off the rear view mirror." Of course he immediately adjusted the mirror to see us better. Before we moved Richard put the top down. He had no sooner pulled away than Marion had her tongue in my mouth.

"I can't believe I'm driving around in a convertible making out with a woman," I thought to myself.. But somehow my tongue had gotten into her mouth too. Soon she was opening the rest of the buttons on my blouse, completely exposing me to the night air. She lowered her head and began sucking on my left nipple. Not knowing what else to do, I pulled her tube top down to her waist and grabbed her little corn muffins. So there we were driving down Dodge street, four titties open to the wind. Straightening up, Marion rubbed my nipples against hers. One thing about big boobs, they don't get as hard as the little ones. So her small, jewel-like nipples were poking into my bigger, softer ones. Damn if it didn't feel sexy.

As we were kissing again there was a honk next to us. Looking up we saw a car full of teen-aged boys on our left, their eyes nearly popping out of their heads. Marion smiled, then waved my tittie at them. Not wanting to be the only one on display, I waved one of hers. Thankfully Richard made a sudden right turn onto a side street. Making several more turns so they couldn't catch up with us, he headed on to Fair Acres. I'm sure there were other motorists who noticed us, but none were as blatant about it. I thought to myself that I'd check the paper in the morning to see if there were any accidents caused by distracted drivers.

Arriving at their home Richard opened the garage with a remote and we drove right in. As we got out of the car Marion pulled her top off over her head and threw it into the back seat. My blouse was completely open and Richard grabbed me, slipped my blouse off and gave each tit a wet kiss before leading me inside. When we got to the living room I saw there were some comforters and pillows laid out in front of the cold fireplace. Obviously they had gotten ready for company before leaving home. Marion turned to face me. Again pushing her nipples into mine, she pressed fully against me and kissed me with lots of tongue. I could feel the heat of her pussy against my thigh through my jeans and her Capris. Behind me, Richard had taken off his slacks and shirt. Wearing only boxers, he pushed his erection against my hip. As Marion and I kissed, Richard reached around and undid my jeans. After pulling them down, he ran his hand down the back of my panties, tickling the crack of my ass. When he got to my pussy he said, "Damn she's wet."

"Let me see," Marion said, reaching down and rubbing my lips through the nylon. "And hot, too," she commented.

"How 'bout you?" I asked, reaching down to her crotch. I found that her pants were soaked. "No wonder this place smells like pussy," I said as I rubbed her. Then I opened her Capris and eased them down, discovering that she was not wearing panties. I also discovered that she was shaved completely bare. "I guess I should have shaved too," I said, feeling self-conscious about my furry bush as Richard pulled my panties down.

"Maybe we'll do that later," Marion said while I kicked my jeans and panties away. I gasped as Richard shoved two fingers into my pussy from behind. Then moaned as Marion's fingers found my clit. "God, even her clit is huge," Marion said, making me think it wasn't just Richard who had a thing for big women. Meanwhile, I realized that I was standing there, a naked pussy pressed against my thigh, a woman rubbing my clit and a man finger-fucking me. And I was loving it. What the fuck had I gotten myself into? I was so hot I knew I couldn't sand it much longer. Then, when Marion also shoved two fingers into me, my legs almost folded. I grabbed her shoulders, but I was mainly being supported by the hands in my cunt

"I think she's gonna cum," Richard said as I leaned back against him, rubbing my ass against his dick.

"Yes, I believe she is," Marion agreed, moving her fingers in and out of me.

"Hell yes I'm gonna cum," I cried out. "And fucking soon." With that I felt the heat from my crotch spread. I moved my hips back and forth, impaling myself first on Richard's hand then on Marion's. I almost fell as the orgasm hit. I knew I was flooding their hands as my pussy pulsed. Over and over again the climax shook me, intensifying as Marion sucked hard on my tit. I felt so full and I realized that both of them had at least four fingers in me. Marion rubbed my clit with her thumb and Richard had pressed his thumb into my asshole.

Finally my orgasm started to fade. As my mind began working again I asked myself what I was doing with a woman's hand in me, then she pulled it out. Holding it between our faces, Marion said, "Girl, your pussy is so wet." I could see my cum coating her fingers. Before I could think about it I leaned over and sucked on her fingers, enjoying the taste of my own sex. I've often tasted myself on the face of a lover who's gone down on me, or on his cock after fucking me, but this was the first time I ever licked my pussy juice off another woman's fingers. And damn but I tasted good.

"I think she likes it," Marion said to Richard, who still had his fingers in me.

"Yes, I do," I said, licking her hand again.

Richard then pulled his hand out and offered his fingers to Marion, who proceeded to suck them clean. "Mmm, I like it too," she said. "Astrid, my Shooting Star, you are so sexy." I leaned forward and kissed her on the lips while Richard kissed the back of my neck.

Marion pulled back from the kiss. Taking my hand, she pulled it down over her flat stomach to her bare pussy. "Now me," she said. "I'm so fucking hot. Do me now."

I ran my finger over her clit, feeling it start to swell. Not knowing exactly what to do, I starting doing what I thought would feel good to me. As I rubbed and teased her little knob, Richard moved behind her. "Oh yes, lover. Oh yes," she said, and I realized that Richard had his fingers in her. I continued to rub up and down her silky pussy lips, just grazing her clit. "Do me," she murmured. Give it to me." I fingered her tight pussy, feeling Richard's fingers. Then I forced two of mine into her, causing her to cry out, "Yes, yes, YES!" Suddenly juice was flowing out of her. I rubbed her clit harder as Richard forced his hand further into her wet slit. Marion's eyes rolled up, her pupils almost disappearing as she started cumming. Digging our fingers deeper, Richard and I almost lifted her off the floor. "AAAHHEEEIIII!" she shouted. "YESYESYESFUCKYES!" Marion was literally shaking in my arms. I knew she was cumming because I knew how I would feel. Again and again she pushed against my hand, and her pussy clamped onto our fingers as she spasmed.

Finally her body relaxed, her climax spent. "Oh, that was so good, so goddam good. Thank you both," she gasped. I pulled my fingers out of her and held them up for her. "Mmmm," she said while licking my fingers. 

Richard then pulled his hand up and licked his own fingers. "As usual," he said, "you are delicious my love." Richard then kissed his wife on the lips.

As we all disentangled, Marion said to me, "Don't you think it's his turn now?"

"I certainly do," I replied. With that, I pulled his boxers completely off, letting his hard-on spring out. Marion and I sank to our knees. I took hold of his dick, holding it up as my tongue met Marion's underneath his head.

"Oooh yeah," he said. "That feels so good." We kept licking him and sucking each others tongues for a while, then Marion started kissing down the Length of him and I moved until he was in my mouth. Soon I could see Marion sucking his balls while I worked him in and out between my lips. I could tell he was getting close, so I pulled him out and Marion licked her way back up to my mouth. We kissed again, his cock-head between our mouths, then I moved down and Marion started sucking on him. As I cupped his balls in my hand, I took one, then the other, into my mouth. The whole time he was moaning and muttering.

Marion removed him from her mouth and our tongues came back together. This time when I sucked him I buried my nose in his pubic hair, his cock deep in my throat. As I watched, Marion moved behind him. Suddenly he cried out, "Oh God, she's got her tongue in my ass." He didn't need to tell me. I knew it from the way he jumped between my lips. "I'mgonnacumI'mgonnacum," he cried out as he filled my mouth with his sweet cream.

Now ordinarily I'll swallow everything a guy gives me. I am a 'cum slut' after all. But this time I tried to hold it in my mouth. When his dick finally stopped squirting, I pulled away with my mouth held shut. Marion looked around from behind him and I pulled her face to mine. Using my tongue, I forced her husband's cum into her mouth.. As soon as she had it all, I returned to his cock, to coax a few more drops out, while she stood up. Looking up, I saw her kissing him open-mouthed. I knew that she was passing on the saliva/semen I had given her. She then pinched his nose, like you would a dog, forcing him to swallow. About that time I got one more spasm from him. That one I swallowed. Looking down at me she said, "He says he doesn't like it, but always takes it when I offer."

"Offer hell," Richard said with a smile. "You force the stuff down my throat."

"Just like to do to me," she answered. "I said it was your turn."

"Well, my turn is over now," he said stepping away. "And I'll need to rest up a while to be ready for another turn." With that, he backed over to the sofa and sat down, holding his now-soft dick.

"Well, you work on that, Honey, and I'll work on this," Marion said, patting me on the ass. She grasped my shoulders and gently pushed me back until I was laying on the comforter, my head propped on a pillow.

Marion crawled on top of me. The feel of her naked body laying on mine turned me on more than I had expected. I could feel her velvety mound hot against my belly. I began to wonder what it would be like to lick those bare pussy lips.

Marion was planting small kisses all over my face. No tongue, just lots of little nibbles. Looking me in the eyes, she asked, "Do you ever fantasize about being made love to by a woman?"

"No," I answered honestly, "I don't think so."

"I am going to make love to you, you know."

"Yes, I know," I said slowly.

"What do you think of that? Do you want it?"

"No. Yes. I don't know." I was so confused. I'd never considered having sex with a woman. I love men. I love cocks. I really didn't know what I thought. Finally I said, "I do know one thing."

"What's that?"

"I want you to eat my pussy until I cum."

"I thought you'd never ask," she said as she started to slide her body down mine. The kisses and nibbles trailed across my shoulders to my chest. She paused and bit lightly at each of my nipples. I could feel her naked cunt on my thigh and realized she was leaking. As she moved on down, kissing my belly, I was as aware of her wetness as I was of my own. I spread my legs and she settled in between them, her face directly over my pussy. First she kissed the crease of my legs, running her tongue down my thigh. "You're still sticky," she said as she licked one thigh, then the other. "And so very tasty." I didn't tell her that she was probably licking at the juice she had spread on me when she ran her pussy down my leg.

Marion leaned her head back and used her fingers to spread my lips. Then slowly she dipped her tongue, flicking it on my exposed clit. A moan came out of my mouth, and she flicked across me again. Still holding me open, she moved her tongue on down until she was licking the inside of my lips. "You are so wet. And taste so good." Then she pressed her face hard against me, forcing her tongue inside.

Looking up, I saw Richard still on the sofa, his cock in his hand. With his other hand he was cupping his balls. I saw his cock twitch as I moaned. Marion was moving to lick my clit. Pressing her open mouth into me, she rubbed the flat of her tongue against me while sucking me between her lips. I gasped as she pushed a finger into my pussy. "More," I murmured. "Give me more." Her fingers were so small, I needed more inside me. Obligingly she pushed another in.

"More?" she asked.

"Please, please," I managed to say. Two more entered me. Then another. Soon she had four fingers and a thumb inside me.

"Shove it in her," Richard said from the couch. "Shove your hand in in her cunt." I realized she was doing exactly that, and still she was sucking on my clit.

"God yes," I yelled. "Give it to me. Fuck me with your hand." My hips were bouncing, forcing her hand deeper and her lips harder onto me. Then, just when I didn't think I could take any more I felt her penetrate my ass with a finger. With a scream I started cumming. Overcome with pleasure, I was vaguely aware that I was bucking my hips, forcing her deeper into my pussy and my ass. Shaking all over, I screamed again and again. Just when I thought I was coming down, she moved her hand around inside me and bit at my clit. My whole body was on fire and I was gasping for breath. Finally I grasped the sides of her head and pulled her away. "Enough, enough. I can't breathe," I pleaded.

Marion pulled her hands out of me. Gently she kissed my pussy, and licked at what was flowing out of me. Somehow, Richard was kneeling next to her. He pulled Marion's hand to his face and sucked each finger. "Delicious." He leaned over and ran his tongue across my pussy. "Astrid, you taste so good." Then he kissed his wife on the lips, licking the taste of my pussy off her face. "Ladies, he declared, "that was wonderful."

"Yes it was," Marion said.

"Uh, yeah. I agree," I said, still unsure about what had happened. I only know it felt as good as any sex I'd ever had.

Richard returned to the couch, and Marion kissed me, then laid down on her back next to me. "Well, what do you think? You like a woman making love to you?"
