 At last, my fantasy come true!

It's dusk at the beach, not long before high tide and the last rays of sunlight have just disappeared, but it is still warm on the sand. My husband and I have just completed a nude photo shoot of me. The terrain is ideal, consisting of dunes, rocks, and areas of level beach to serve as backdrops for me. During the shoot, I had imagined a few strangers might come along. Perhaps things might get interesting, even a little out of hand, with me being the only woman on this nude beach. But it didn't happen, not this time. "Oh well, nice fantasy" I think.

We find a place to spend a little time together. My husband has patiently spent the day taking photos of me, and now it was time for his dessert. No towel, no swim suit, just cool sand on our skin. I lay there with Dave, sipping a vodka tonic and flirting. Over the course of several minutes, he begins to caress me. He cups a breast in one hand. He pinches a nipple. Gradually I am becoming aroused as his hands move to my inner thighs. I begin to breathe harder. He makes his way up my thigh, eventually to my wet pussy. Laying back, his fingers slipping in and out of me. I caress his hard cock, arching my back as an orgasm wells up within me. This goes on for several minutes until...

I hear a sound in the distance. Someone's coming!

My husband quickly slips out of me as I sit up slightly, propped up on my hands in a reclined position, my feet planted firmly on the ground.

Slightly dazed, I look around.

They come from behind some rocks a few hundred yards away. There are five dark men approaching. They could have been just walking by. They could have been watching all this time. I wonder....? I think I heard them before they heard our lovemaking, but I'm not completely sure. I think they were too far away to see much. How far could my moans have carried on this breeze?

They approach us and wave hello. They asked if they could join us. Dave, of course, invites them to sit down and offers them a drink. It turns out, they too have brought some booze. The sun is completely gone, and the cloud obscured moon does not yield enough light to really see by. The men are shadows for the most part, but I can just tell they have real dark skin, and like Dave and I, they are nude.

The men sit all around me. Introductions, hand shakes, and a couple of quick suggestive touches as they greet me. One man sits at my feet, leaning on one hand towards me. As he talks to me, he has direct view between my legs, as I sit facing him. I don't want to appear nervous so I didn't bother to close my legs. "Just act normal"; I'm thinking. I try to act calm, cool and confident. I really feel slightly vulnerable, but more important, I'm beginning to feel very turned on. My husband had inadvertently warmed me up, and now, here were these men. This seems more intimate than a daytime frolic would have been. And I'm not sure about these guys. I can't tell what they intend to do, where they came from and why they are here. That made my feelings even more intense and puts me on edge.

I try to calm down from the finger fucking my hubby had just given me. I'm sitting there trying not to imagine what these men might do. I try to maintain my composure. "Act casual"; I think again. Still, for the moment, I seem to be in control.

Several minutes pass. Several bottles are passed. The conversation gradually turns to sex, although not exclusively. Little hints are dropped here and there, accompanied by light touches to my arm, my hip, my thigh, followed by soft laughter. They break into their booze supply. They have everything, the good stuff. From Hot Damn 100 to something that looks like Everclear. I guess it's time to kick up the alcohol a notch!

The wind picks up a little, and the waves are breaking closer and closer. The men move in a little tighter for warmth. The casual touching intensifies. I don't resist, as it still seems innocent enough. The alcohol and our new companions keep me warm. The men seem to exhibit a gentle forcefulness, especially the one sitting at my feet. He seems quite jocular, and is not shy about touching my feet, my ankles, my calves, my knees...gently...softly...with his huge dark hands.

As the liquor is passed around, he offered me a shot of a clear almost tasteless beverage. I thanked him and he leaned over me handing me a shot glass. My heart jumps as I suddenly get a brief glimpse of his black cock. "Is it that big...or is it the booze?"; I wondered. His huge member hovered over me for a second as he handed me the glass. I take the shot and downed it. "Wow!"...The alcohol started to kick in and my heart began to race a little faster. I made a conscious effort not to allow my breasts to heave as my breathing increased. When he sat back down, it seemed as if he had moved closer. Now he was between my feet, his dark hand rested on the ground, between my spread legs, not far from my pussy. I tried not to let on that I was becoming aroused.

The waves crash closer. Now two of the other men begin caressing my thighs. One offered me a back rub but I declined. The leg rub continues unimpeded. My husband placed one hand on my knee, and opens my legs slightly.

The man sitting between my legs offers me another shot, which I quickly accepted. He leans toward me as he hands it to me. I take the shot. As the sexual tension increases, the man sitting behind me reaches around and briefly squeezes my breasts. I lean back and down the shot as dark hands gently massage my breasts while the other hands continue caressing my thighs.

Suddenly a wave crashes very close by. Seconds later, a flood of water a few inches deep unexpectedly sweeps over the group.

As the water washes around me, several anonymous hands grab my legs and hips. I feel myself slide toward the man sitting between my legs. I try to resist, but I only have wet sand to push against. The unexpected rush of water provides the perfect ice breaker for the men. My body slides easily toward the man and I feel his huge hands wrapped around my ass, pulling me to him. As I draw close, I can feel the head of his huge cock against my leg. The wave returns to the ocean, leaving me in a pool of water a couple of inches deep. The men are crowded around me, holding me, stroking, caressing and lightly touching me. I find myself lying on my back, so I lift myself slightly by resting on my elbows. My husband is sitting off to one side, silently watching and smiling.

As the wave receded, so did the clouds. The moon shown more brightly, and my wet warm skin glistened brightly in the silver light. Suddenly everyone could see where everyone was. Dark hands are all over me. It was as though I had been disrobed before them. I felt exposed. An intense rush of lust hit me as I see the men all around, touching me. I am totally exposed to them while they blend into the night.

The man between my legs leans over me. "It's ok" he whispers. He was calm and assuring. He reaches up and caresses my shoulders. My heart is pounding hard. I try desperately to control my breathing.

His hands move down to my titties. He moves in and gives me a kiss on the lips. Breathlessly my mouth opens. Before I can think, I circle my tongue around his and kiss him deeply. He kisses my neck and I pull back a little, wondering where this is going.

His mouth moves down to my titties. He takes a breast in his hand and begins to suck. I exhaled as his hand squeezes and his mouth sucks. The man sitting behind me reaches around and grabs my other breast, squeezing, pinching and pulling my other nipple. I'm getting aroused again...

The man between my legs slides his hands down along my sides, massaging and caressing as his fingers travel, stopping when he gets to my hips.

He grabs me firmly and begins to pull me under him. I suddenly exhale, knowing a limit is being reached.

I vainly struggle against him. I have some difficulty getting out the words;"hey, .uhhh.. wait...". My legs and feet slosh around in the water. My skin is bright, slippery and wet.

I reach up with my hands as I fall back on the sand. I wiggle and kick slightly, trying to hold him at a distance, pushing against him.

"Shhhhh.. It's ok babe..." The other men pull back for the moment, watching and waiting...giving me some space.

My hands moved between my legs to cover my crotch. As I slide my fingers over my pussy, they touch my clit and it feels sooo good. I play at my clit a little as I cover myself. No one will know. I continue to wiggle and kick, trying to break free.

" get.. off.. o me..." "It's ok, shhhh. I'm to drunk to fuck ya."

His hands move to my crotch, where mine already are. By the position of my fingers, he can feel that I have been touching myself as he slides his dark fingers over my lips. I freeze. I stop wiggling and my hips jerk involuntarily, pressing hard against his hand. I don't know what to do.

"It's all good. I just want to finish ya off..."

His fingers slide along my wet slit, back and forth. He can feel my reaction as he touches me. Quickly his fingers dive into my cunt. He spreads my lips and fingers my clit. All the while, he is almost lying on me, hovering above me. I begin to breathe harder and shuddering slightly, I given in a little.

"...feels so good..."; he whispers. "... uh huh... " I replied with a gasp, reacting to his touch.

As his hands work on me, my right hand touches his huge cock. I pull my hand back and keep both of my hands between his dick and my pussy, protecting myself. But I can't resist feeling it. I'm thinking "It's so fucking big. Good thing he can't get very hard after drinking all that alcohol". At last I slide my fingers over it, just for a second, feeling his length and girth. Then I think to myself, "It's ok to touch it again". A moment later I again slide my fingers along his entire length. He slowly begins to grow in my hand. Here I had thought he was too drunk to get hard! I can't help myself, so I stroke it some more. I can tell he is getting harder from all the attention. I find his head, and work the precum all around. The hotter I become, the harder I stroke him. The other men silently move closer, watching and waiting.

He brings me close to orgasm, sucking hard on my tits. He is working my clit, and is milking my pussy for all it's juices. I start to moan softly....

As his length increases in my hand, his mushroom head touches my asshole. I panic and try to protect myself with my other hand.

Finally I orgasm, losing control of my body and senses, a deep moan escapes from my throat. It feels so good to finally climax...I lay there squirming in ecstasy as wave after wave of release washes over me.

As I lay there cuming, he reaches down between my legs and grabs his cock. He slides it up and down along my slit. Just the touch of his cock makes me flinch and gasp and cum harder. My body thrills to the touch. I thrust my pelvis upward to meet him. At long last, his hard dark meat penetrates my aching pussy.

My mind once again rebels and I reach up and push against him. Still breathing hard, the rest of my body freezes in place as his cock makes its way further in, one brief push at a time. Inch by inch he slowly enters me, as my pussy squirts sweet juice with his every thrust.

I gasp... "... you... sai ya wern.. gonna fuk.... me....." "... ohhh get... off o me...."

"shhhh It's ok..."

He pins my forearms to the ground and starts mouthing and sucking my tits. I let out a whimper as my breasts heave in his mouth. Gently, the other men start to touch me and caress me....here...there...everywhere. My mind reels, my body responds.

"... aahhh... too... big....." "You can take it". " ohhh... ooohhHHH.... get..off...'n...me..." He laughs..."I'll get off in you alright!"

He gives another hard shove. He can feel my warm juices wash over his cock...

I continue to wiggle and try to resist, but as I do, his cock works it's way in deeper and deeper. I struggle both out of fear and primal sexual excitement. With each kick and wiggle, my legs open wider, my feet rise higher in the air, and he works himself in deeper.

"Shhhh.. just take it girl."

I feel another orgasm beginning to well up, deep inside of me.

"get off In Me!"

I throw my head back in delight and gaze at the bright stars. I move my knees up and spread my legs in the moonlight.

Fingertips that had previously been raking my thigh, moved down to my now exposed ass. A hand brushes wet sand off, moving closer and closer to my asshole. At last the sand in my crack is raked out, and as he pushes his cock in deeper, I suddenly feel a finger poke, and then slide up my asshole. A loud moan escapes me...I'm overcome with lust...no longer struggling...I want him...all of him...inside me...still not in...too big...uh...uh!

After a few moments, I am well skewered. He stops his advance for a moment as he caresses my body. I settle down, and continue to breath hard with lust, surrendering to his every touch and desire, my whole body quivering under him.

The other men see a beautiful silhouette; my legs pointed skyward, with 6 inches of hard dark meat sticking straight down between them. He's not all the way in me yet.

Slowly he begins to rock side to side, widening me in preparation for round two..

The only sound now is that of my breathing, and the distant waves.

The other men take hold of my thighs, gently raking and caressing me with their dark fingertips, helping me to spread wider for the rest of his cock...caressing my breasts...pulling my nipples...squizing my ass cheeks...fingers in my ass...kisses on my neck...biting my tits...raking my sides...pinching my clit...fingers in my hair...hands on my thighs...spreading me open...touching me...feeling me...holding me steady...getting hotter for it....needing it badly....getting even wetter....groaning....moaning....panting...loving every minute of it...

He begins to push in harder. I gasp and hold my breath for a moment. The sound of water drops can be heard. He's soooo big! My pussy stretches more...opens more...my chest heaves...my breathing is ragged...my eyes roll back...my back arches.

He pushes in again. I let out another loud moan. A slight gush, and more drops are heard as my pussy opens to him.

He pushes in one more time, a long stroke. I scream, I moan, I groan, and a long gush of water can be heard, almost as if I was peeing. All 11 inches are in me and I love it...I've never been so filled before...he rocks back and forth...there are hands all over me...holding me....helping me...caressing me...sensations overwhelming me.

"You know why we came here" he whispers. I nod, I kiss him and the two of us embrace as he slowly moves in and out of me, deeper and deeper, gradually picking up speed...taking me to new heights of sexual awareness that I didn't know existed...

Four big black men left. It's going to be a long night...

Melissa