 This is a sequel to "A Fantasy Comes Alive in Vermont, 1 and 2." It isn't necessary to read the previous stories first, but it would add some context.

*

I really couldn't believe I was here, standing on her porch, about to ring the doorbell. I didn't know exactly what was going to happen, but if the last time I saw her was any indication, I'd be going home happy, with some new experiences under my belt. So, after hesitating to compose myself for a minute, I rang the doorbell.

I heard some shuffling around inside. There were a couple of cars in the driveway so I expected that a few people had already arrived. I heard the sound of footsteps, of someone arriving on the other side of the door. It opened.

"Hey Jim, glad you could make it!" Sandy exclaimed, genuinely happy to see me. "Come on in." She opened her arms to welcome me into the house, and met me with a kiss as I accepted the hug.

She introduced me to Carrie, and Barbara, and suggested I take a seat. I sat next to Barbara on the couch as Carrie headed into the kitchen to help Sandy get some drinks.

Barbara was gorgeous, long and lean with short brown hair, great eyes, greater smile, and a nice twinkle in her eye. She was wearing an orange t-shirt, showing off nice, firm, petite tits with great nipples. No bra for Barbara. When she crossed her legs I saw small orange panties under her short grey skirt. Very sexy.

She obviously caught me looking. "See something you like?"

"I like everything I see." No need to waste words here I figured.

She smiled. "So, Sandy told me all about your time in Vermont, sounds like it was a great time." The twinkle in her eyes brightened. "Wish I could have been there."

"That would have been really nice." I said. 

"Sandy said that was your first group experience."

"Yeah it sure was." I responded. "And the first time I ever watched people fuck, or ever fucked with other people watching."

"I guess being here means you want more?" She moved a little bit closer to me, smiling.

"Definitely, especially .................... " I hesitated.

"Yes?"

"Especially after meeting you and Carrie."

"Did I hear my name mentioned?" Carrie said, hearing me as she entered the room with Sandy and some drinks.

"Jim says he's looking to have some more fun, especially after meeting us." Barb explained. "The afternoon in Vermont was his first group experience, and first time watching and being watched."

"Oh yeah?" Carrie asked. Looking at Sandy she continued, "How did he do?"

"I invited him this weekend, didn't I?" Smiles all around.

My cock was obviously getting hard inside my jeans. Barb had moved closer to me after putting her drink back on the coffee table, and had draped one of her legs over my thigh. She was now slowly rubbing that leg against my cock. 

Sandy noticed from across the room. "Look what you're doing to our guest Barb."

"I noticed." She responded.

She looked at me, with a huge grin, and said, "Maybe we should get the weekend started right now."

I gasped a bit. "Sounds good to me."

With that, she began rubbing my cock through my jeans with her left hand. 

Sandy suggested, "Carrie and I have been out shopping all day, and could use some rest, so maybe we can sit here, have a drink, and watch you guys for a while?"

Barb looked at me, bigger grin, and as she grabbed my cock a bit harder asked, "Ok with you? Ok if Sandy and Carrie watch us for a while?"

"You bet!" I didn't even try to hide my excitement.

Barb twisted her body to use her right hand on my cock. I pulled her shirt down a bit to expose her tits, and what a sight! I couldn't resist, so I took each one in her hands, twirling each nipple in my fingers. They got hard in a hurry, and she moaned. With that she unbuckled my belt, unbuttoned then unzipped my jeans. She reached inside the denim and rubbed my cock through my underwear.

"MMMmmm" A moan was all I could manage.

She moved the waistband aside and reached inside my underwear, and firmly grabbed my now rock-hard cock. The last time I felt this way was the day in Vermont. I moved one of my hands down to her thigh, slid up under her skirt, and found her pussy, very wet even through her thin orange panties. It brought a gasp to her and another when I slid a finger under the fabric, immediately into her waiting pussy. I rubbed another finger against her clit and she jumped a bit.

I looked across the room and saw Sandy and Carrie both rubbing their crotches through their underwear, having unzipped their pants already. Both smiled back at me.

Barb got up, pulled my jeans and underwear off, threw them aside, and knelt between my legs. She grabbed my cock at its base, gently squeezing with one hand, and slowly moving the other hand up and down the length.

Barb looked up at me. "I have a confession."

"Ok?"

"Sandy told me that she liked the taste and feel of your cock in her mouth, and I've wanted to see for myself since she told me what happened."

She slowly stroked my cock. I looked over at Sandy, who was smiling ear-to-ear.

"You're in for a treat, Jim. Barb is really very good with her mouth."

I had no doubt.

I looked down, "Be my guest."

Barb smiled, then looked down, and slowly started to lick my cock, starting from the bottom, moving up to the head, then down the other side. She looked up at me as she rubbed her chin up and down against the head. She must have licked my cock for five solid minutes.

She stopped and sat upright for a second, adjusted her position, and looked up at me, now slowly and gently stroking my cock. 

She turned to Sandy. "Time to see if you're right."

Sandy had removed her panties and I could see her glistening, wet pussy. She just smiled and nodded.

With that, Barb turned to me. "Want me to suck your cock, Jim?"

I nodded my head.

"I didn't hear you." She responded, teasing me by squeezing a bit harder.

"Suck my cock Barb!"

She lowered her head and brought her lips to the tip of my cock, then slowly, very slowly lowered them over the head, tightly. It must have taken a solid couple of minutes for her to reach the base of my cock. When she did she twisted her head while playing with the base with her tongue. It felt so good. She continued to suck, lick, flick and nibble on my cock for a while, sensing my reaction and being very careful not to let me get too close to cumming. She was moving up and down, and I saw she was playing with her pussy while sucking my cock. 

I was so into the blowjob that I almost forgot about the two women sitting across from me, until I looked up after hearing Sandy ask, "Was I right, Hon?"

Carrie had moved over to sit next to Sandy, had removed a lot of her clothes, and they were now playing with each other. Sandy had a couple of fingers inside Carrie's pussy, while Carrie was sucking on one of Sandy's beautiful firm tits.

"Mmm Mmmm." Barb only nodded in agreement.

After a few more minutes Barb stopped, stood up, and as she was taking off her skirt said, "I want to fuck you!"

I didn't think I needed to say much, and she wasn't waiting for a response anyway. She turned her back to me, leaning her ass against my cock. I reached forward and grabbed her ass, holding it with one hand as I rubbed my cock against it with the other. I moved the fabric of her panties aside and slid my cock inside the panties, now rubbing it skin-to-skin against her incredible ass. She turned around and smiled.

Still facing away from me, and toward Sandy and Carrie, she slowly slid her panties off altogether, bending over to show me her moist, make that sopping wet pussy. I responded by rubbing a couple of fingers up and down the lips before sliding them into her pussy. She was ready, so I added a third finger and slid all three deep inside her.

She liked it and stayed in that position for a few minutes, thrusting to meet my fingers. I looked around her to see Carrie now between Sandy's legs, sucking intently on her pussy. Sandy had that look of contentment all over her face. I watched her get closer to cumming as Barb got closer.

That was enough for Barb. She turned around, straddled my legs, knelt on the couch, and then lay against my chest as she leaned down to kiss me. What a kiss! She broke away, leaned back a bit to grab my cock behind her. After stroking it a bit, she lifted up and lowered herself onto me. I was in heaven again! I heard moaning across the room and saw Sandy writhe in pleasurable agony, obviously cumming from Carrie's expert sucking.

My attention turned back to the beautiful woman fucking me. She slowly rode me, up and down, grinding into me each time she hit bottom. Then she moved back and forth.

We fucked for about ten minutes, slowing down when we got close, but couldn't wait much longer.

"Are you ready to cum, Baby?" Barb asked.

"Ready when you are." I responded.

"I thought so." Another smile.

Barb started moving faster now, and slamming hard against me, getting my cock as deep into me as possible. I could feel the warmth and wetness increase. 

It was obvious to Carrie and Sandy that both of us were very close. Carrie moved over around the couch behind me to watch while Sandy sat next to me on the couch, both of them watching my cock disappear into and out of Barb's pussy.

I was close. "I'm so close Barb!"

"Me too Baby. Fuck me harder!"

I thrust up into her harder and faster. I felt her body shake, stiffen, then tremble at the same time I couldn't hold out any longer and exploded inside her. It was amazing.

Her body collapsed onto mine. A mix of her cum and mine dripped out of her pussy around my cock. After a minute she slid off me and lay next to me, between me and Sandy.

"Damn that was good!" She said in a tone of satisfied exhaustion.

"Well said!" Was all I could say.

"Nice from here too." Carrie interjected.

Sandy smiled and looked back and forth at me and Barb, knowing she was responsible for what just happened.

Sandy looked at me. "Wanna taste Barb's cum?

I knew what she meant and nodded, smiling.

Sandy leaned down and went down on Barb's pussy. It surprised Barb a bit, as her eyes had been closed, but no objection.

Sandy took some cum in her mouth and looked at me, again with that devilish smile.

"Ladies first." I said.

Smiling, she turned and kissed Barb, obviously swapping the cum she had in her mouth.

"Very good!" Barb said sweetly, licking her lips.

She moaned when Sandy's mouth reached her pussy again. Sandy spent a few minutes there this time before leaning toward me. We kissed, and she slowly slipped the mix of Barb's and my cum into my mouth. It did taste really good. 

"More, please"

Sandy obliged, sucking Barb's pussy, swapping cum with both of us for a few minutes. After getting my portion from Sandy I reached over and kissed Barb, sharing our cum with her. She did the same when Sandy supplied her.

Sandy looked up at Carrie. "Want some?"

She responded. "Nope. I don't want some, I want all of it."

I wasn't really sure what she meant at first. But as I was gently kissing Barb I heard Carrie lean over and whisper not-so-quietly in my ear, "I want to taste your cum before I fuck you!" As she reached down and started stroking my already-hardening cock. 

We all sat up and put our clothes back on when the doorbell rang. It was the pizza delivery guy. Sandy flirted with him while Carrie found some money in her purse. I thought he was going to stay for a while, but Sandy planted a kiss on him and said good-bye.

"He may be back later!" She happily announced.

"I hope so; did you see how hard he got when you rubbed up against him?" Barb said. 

"He wanted to stay, but had to get back to work." Sandy continued. "But I told him we'd help him catch up later."

Everyone laughed.

We talked and laughed for an hour or so while eating pizza and drinking a couple of beers. We talked about my time with Sandy in Vermont, and Barb and Carrie told a couple of stories of their own.

Carrie was playing with herself while telling a story about her, a girlfriend, and three guys, when she stopped abruptly, stood up, walked over to me, grabbed my hand, pulled me up off the couch, grabbed two beers in her other hand and headed toward the hallway, me following, not knowing or caring what was about to happen.

"We'll be back in a little while!" She shouted as we headed down the hall.

"Have fun Guys!" Barb and Carrie yelled.

Carrie pulled me into a bedroom, let go of my hand and opened the beers, handing me one. After taking a couple of swigs of beer, she took mine, put both on the nightstand, and pushed me back onto the bed.

"Time to get acquainted properly." She suggested.