 Jimmy James' eyes watched as she slid slowly onto a barstool. Dressed in tight black pants and almost too tight red shirt, she was capturing the attention of quite a few men around the bar. Her long brown hair was pulled back in a ponytail, wisps of hair hanging loose near her face. He finished serving drinks to another couple and wandered down towards her. Her face lit up when he leaned across the bar to talk to her.

"Having fun, baby?" Jimmy asked his lover, Merrie. She licked her sensuous lips and smiled, looking up into his gorgeous gray-blue eyes.

"Yeah. Lots of guys to dance with." She winked at him. "Can I get a rum and coke?" He nodded and quickly mixed the drink. Light on the rum and heavy on the coke. He set it in front of her and slipped money out of his pocket to pay for it. Merrie watched as he turned to the register. She took in the sight of his strong back, knowing that the only thing keeping her from seeing the scratch marks was the tee shirt he had on. She sipped her drink and let her gaze travel over his ass, missing the feeling of it in her hands. Jimmy had turned back around and caught her staring. She smiled lovingly. And finished her drink as she watched him work.

Merrie went back out to the dance floor to find her friends and felt an arm encircle her waist. She was pulled close to someone and looked up in surprise. The guy holding her was not someone she knew. Dark hair, green eyes and good-looking.

"Let's dance." He pressed his body against hers and they danced moving in rhythm with each other. Her hands ran over the strong muscles of his back and down over his ass. She turned around pressing her ass against him, slowly sliding her body up and down along his. She felt his cock, hot and hard, pushing against her, when she slid along it. Merrie turned her face towards the bar and smiled. Jimmy was intently watching her every move. She turned to face the stranger and smiled. Pushing her breasts against his chest as his hands slowly slid down her back and over her ass. He squeezed gently, pulling her closer. Merrie stood on her toes and slid her tongue along his neck up to his ear.

"I'm Merrie." She whispered softly, her breath warm as her tongue flicked his ear. She felt him shudder. He leaned down close to her ear and kissed her neck.

"Evan." He softly nibbled her neck as they danced. They continued to kiss and run their hands over each other's bodies as the music continued for several songs. Several times Merrie glanced in the direction of the bar and found Jimmy watching her. Lust and knowledge of her body showed plainly on his face. 

As she kissed Evan's neck she thought back to earlier in the evening. Just before Jimmy left for work and she started to prepare to go out. They had been in the shower together, kissing and gently caressing each other under the warm water. Jimmy took the bodywash and squirted some unto a wash cloth. He turned Merrie around and washed her back.

"Baby?" He asked as he slid the cloth over her skin.

"Yes, love?" She looked back over her shoulder at him, watching drops of water slide down his cheek.

"Bring someone home tonight." Merrie smiled. Jimmy knew how much she loved it when he asked her that. He enjoyed watching her with another guy, especially when he was able to join in. In the months that they had been living together, they had brought each other to new heights of pleasure and shared their dreams and fantasies with each other. One of Merrie's fantasies was to have a three some, herself and two men, who's only effort would be to bring her ultimate pleasure. Since moving in together, they had brought another man into their lives a few times. He was a good friend of them both and willingly did whatever Merrie asked of him. But tonight, Jimmy was asking her to bring a stranger home from the bar. Someone neither of them knew and neither were sure if it would happen or not. That made the idea more pleasurable.

Jimmy finished washing Merrie's back, ass and legs and turned her around so she could rinse off. She slammed her lips against his, pushing her tongue into his mouth. He sucked on it hungrily as he lazily slid a hand over her breasts and down her stomach. Merrie wrapped her fingers around Jimmy's cock, pumping it a few times with her strong fist. Jimmy slid his fingers through the downy hair covering her pussy. A finger grazed her clit and she shivered against him. Merrie slid her fingers over his hard cock, feeling it pulse against her fingers. Jimmy's skillful fingers quickly brought Merrie to orgasm and she shuddered against him, moaning his name into his mouth. She released his cock and put her hands on his hips, leaning back into the water. Jimmy leaned down and kissed the valley between her large and beautiful breasts. Suddenly, cold air rushed into the shower as Merrie pulled the curtain back and stepped out. He looked up in alarm and she smiled.

"Finish your shower." She closed the curtain as she wrapped a towel around herself. Laughing quietly as she heard him cursing under the water. She walked into their bedroom and dried off. She sat down on the bed and toweled her hair and then lay back. Knowing she was spread open to Jimmy's eyes as he came down the hallway. She slid a hand over her stomach and slowly ran it along her pussy lips. She listened as the water shut off in the bathroom and the door opened. She looked up and Jimmy was staring at her. He strode quickly down the hall, dropping his towel. He stepped between her spread legs and leaned over her as drops of water fell on her skin.

"That was not nice." He growled softly. He reached up and pinched her nipple hard. She jumped and looked up at him. She smiled and licked her lips, moving her hand away from her pussy so she could slowly spread her juices over his cock. He closed his eyes in pleasure as she slid the tip along her pussy slit. He grabbed a hold of her hips and pulled her to the edge of the bed. He reached down and roughly pushed his cock into her, sinking it in all the way out. She screamed softly, her back arching, pushing her breasts into the air. Jimmy leaned down and caught one of her nipples in his mouth. Sucking it as he pounded into her hot depths, feeling her juices spread on her thighs and his. He knew he was not going to last long, as hot as they both were. He pulled her legs up and she wrapped them around his waist, pulling him closer. He grabbed her hips and pumped his cock into her. He felt her orgasm in her pussy as she moaned and thrashed beneath him, scratching his back so hard that he knew she had left marks and even drawn blood. He couldn't take much more of the tight warmth surrounding his throbbing cock.

"I'm close." He moaned. Merrie's legs released him and he pulled out, just as cum spurted from his cock, spraying her stomach and breasts. She slid a finger along his cock, watching it pulse as it released its seed over her body. Jimmy lay down beside her, a hand possessively gripping her breast. Breathing heavy, he watched as Merrie slowly rubbed his cum into her skin. His cock began to harden, realizing that she was going to go out, with his seed still on her body. She turned and kissed him softly.

"You love it when I am not nice. You know it." He pulled her on top of him.

"You are such a fucking cock tease." He pulled her head to his and kissed her lovingly. He happened to glance at the clock and groaned. She rolled off him and sat up. She stretched and he watched her breasts bounce as she stood.

Merrie came back to reality when Evan bit her neck harder then he had been. She looked up, surprised, and he smiled.

"Where did your thoughts wander off too just now?" He nibbled her ear and she could feel his cock pressed into her stomach.

"Getting out of here and seeing what you look like without clothes." Now it was his turn to look surprised. She smiled sweetly and gently kissed him.

"I thought that was the guy's line?" She laughed and took his hand, pulling him off the floor, waving to her friends as they walked towards the bar. She approached the bar, Evan behind her with his hands on her hips. Jimmy watched Merrie, envy in his eyes, wishing he could go with them right now, but he still had nearly an hour of work left. She blew him a kiss as she passed and mouthed the words, "I want you." And then disappeared out the door.

Evan led Merrie to his car and opened the door for her. They talked quietly on the way to Merrie's place; Evan's hand slowly trailing up and down Merrie's leg as her hand gently rested on his.

Once at the apartment, Merrie led Evan into the living room and asked if he wanted a drink. He responded by pulling her close to him and pressing his lips against hers. His tongue flicked against her lips and pushed into her mouth. She returned the kiss, her tongue gently massaging his. Evan slid his hands over her back and down her sides to the hem of her shirt. He tugged at it and slid his hands under it. Merrie slowly unbuttoned his shirt, sliding her hands inside it and sliding it off his shoulders. She kissed his chest. He tugged her shirt off, moaning when he saw she had no bra on. She undid his pants and wasted in no time in sliding them down. She pushed him backward onto the couch and he sat down. She eased of his shoes and socks and then his pants. His cock was beautiful. About 7 inches long, thick and standing at attention. Beads of pre-cum oozing from the tip

Merrie stood and slowly slid off her pants and left on her bright red see through panties. Evan moaned as she slid her hands over her breasts and pinched her nipples. He sat up and leaned forward, beckoning to her.

"Come here." She glanced at the clock. 20 minutes until Jimmy would walk through the front door. Evan noticed her look. "Roommate coming home?" She smiled.

"We have plenty of time." Merrie sauntered towards him and sat down beside him, tucking her legs under her body. Evan put his arm around her and they cuddled, kissing and nibbling at each other's lips. Evan pushed Merrie back and lowered his mouth to her breasts. He sucked her nipples into his mouth, biting gently. Merrie held his head to her breasts, moaning loudly and pushing her breasts against his face. He slowly tortured one nipple and then the other, making sure to pinch the nipple that was not in his mouth. Merrie had shifted around enough to be able to stroke his hard cock. Rubbing the pre-cum over the head as Evan moaned against her breasts. Merrie glanced at the clock again. Less then ten minutes. Her body throbbed with excitement. Evan pulled back when he felt her shift.

"Did I hurt you?" She smiled and sat up. Licking his lips.

"No. I want to suck you. I want to feel you throb against my tongue." She moved farther down the couch and stretched out, her head in his lap. She slowly ran her tongue along the shaft, bathing it with her saliva. Evan closed his eyes, resting his head against the couch, one hand in her hair and the other running along her side. Merrie slowly slid her tongue over his cock and then sucked the tip into her mouth. Slowly she slid inch after inch into her mouth. Evan moaned and tightened his hold on her hair.

"I am not going to last long." She smiled around his cock and continued to suck it in and out of her mouth. She applied more suction and pressured and started thrusting his hips to meet her mouth. "Oh fuck. You're fucking good." Merrie kept sucking even when she heard a key in the door. She quickly slid him in and out of her mouth shutting her eyes when the door opened. She felt him explode into her mouth and she drank his cum greedily.

"Well, this is interesting. Coming home and seeing my girl's mouth wrapped around another man's cock." Evan's body stiffened with shock and fright as his eyes popped open. With an audible popping sound, Merrie slid his cock from her mouth, licking her lips while she sat up. 

"Hi, honey." She got up and walked towards Jimmy. He put an arm around her and pulled her close for a kiss. He licked her lips.

"You taste like him." She smiled and looked at Evan. He was still trying to sort out the situation and she could tell he was starting to get angry.

"He tastes good." She stated as she walked back to Evan slowly. "I owe you an explanation." She sat down beside him and his eyes followed her, watching warily and occasionally looking back to Jimmy.

"While you explain, I am going to go shower." Jimmy left the room and Evan relaxed a little.

"You lied to me." Evan said angrily.

"I did. But you are still here, so evidently something has intrigued you." Merrie reached out and brushed hair off his forehead. "Jimmy and I have an open relationship. I am allowed to screw any man I want, as long as I'm smart about it. But, there are times when I want to have two men to pleasure me. Tonight is one of those nights." Evan watched her face as she spoke. Her hand had fallen to his lap and his cock was hardening under her fingers expert caress. "I want you to be the second guy, Evan. From the feel of things, I don't see you minding to much." She smiled sweetly and leaned forward to kiss him. He grabbed her head and pulled her head back. Her look changed to one of pain.

"You are a cock tease, Merrie. I don't like girls who tease me." He reached up and pinched her nipple. "But, you're right, I'm intrigued. And I want to help your boyfriend fuck your brains out. Cock teasers like you need to be fucked hard." With that he slammed his mouth against hers and bit her lip. He pushed her back on the couch and roughly pulled off her panties. He slid a hand up her leg, feeling her wetness on her inside thigh. He slowly slid a finger along her pussy and slid it inside of her roughly. Merrie moaned and gripped his shoulder.

"If you're going to do that, lick her clit too. She goes nuts." Evan looked up at Jimmy, a towel draped over his shoulders.

"You're girl is a cock tease." Evan slid his finger in and out of Merrie's pussy as his thumb grazed her clit. She jumped at the contact and moaned. Her nails marking his shoulder. Jimmy lifted her head and sat down, settling her head on his thigh. He stroked her hair and cheek.

"Yes, she is. But she always makes sure to make the guy feel good, as well as herself." Jimmy caressed her breast. "I take it you are going to join us?" Evan nodded and picked up the pace of his finger thrusting in and out of Merrie's pussy. She called out and arched her back, pressing her breast into Jimmy's hand. He massaged it gently, feeling his cock throb against his leg. "Do you want Evan to lick your pussy, baby?"

"Yes." She moaned.

"Ask him."

"Will you please lick my pussy, Evan?" Evan pulled his finger out of her and slid it up to her mouth. She sucked it into her mouth and licked it clean. Evan slid off the couch to his knees and leaned over Merrie's pussy.

"Hold yourself open." Merrie slid her hands down, opening herself to his tongue. He took one slow lick from her ass to her clit, tasting her juices. He looked up at Jimmy. "She tastes good." Jimmy nodded. Evan went back to tonguing her pussy, sliding his tongue along the slit, but ignoring her clit entirely. He pushed his tongue into her a few times and then slid his finger into her. 

Jimmy watched as Evan's tongue grazed Merrie's clit. He slid out from under her and knelt by her head. He ran his cock over her lips and her tongue slid out to lick it softly. She opened her mouth and the head slipped inside. Her tongue swirled around the head and every time Evan licked her clit, he felt her suck harder on his cock. Jimmy watched as Evan pounded his finger into Merrie's pussy, knowing how wet and hot she must feel, the velvety softness of her enveloping his finger. Merrie moaned louder as her orgasm began to explode inside of her body. She practically screamed around Jimmy's cock and he moaned. Wanting to stay in her mouth but knowing she needed to breathe he slid out and sat back. Evan continued tonguing her pussy, lapping up her juices. When the shudders in her body subsided, he pulled back, his face wet with Merrie's juices. 

Jimmy stood and bent down, sliding his arms under Merrie's body. He stood, cradling her to him and walked out of the room. Evan followed behind them. Jimmy led them into the bedroom, which was lit by a couple of candles and lay Merrie on the bed. She stretched and reached out to take both men's cocks in her hands. Jimmy pulled free and walked around the bed, crawling up beside her and laying down, his body against her side. Evan did the same thing on the other side.

Both men started kissing her ears and nibbling and biting her neck. Without even talking about it, the two men moved in sync with each other as they kissed along Merrie's skin. They each stopped at a breast, sucking the nipples into their mouths. Merrie moaned loudly, loving the feel of two mouths on her breasts. She ran her hands through their hair and pushed her breasts against their mouths. It seemed like an eternity that they spent on her breasts, their hands running over her legs, pussy and stomach. She felt Jimmy's familiar finger push into her pussy and another finger on her clit.

"I need a cock. Someone, please fuck me." Jimmy pulled his mouth off her tit and looked down at his love.

"Soon, baby. Just enjoy yourself." She pouted and he kissed her lips. Biting the bottom one a little too hard. Evan bit her nipple and pulled back. He pressed himself against her hip. Jimmy rolled Merrie so she was facing Evan. She draped a leg over his and pressed her pussy against his cock. She felt Jimmy's weight leave the bed and she watched as he walked out of the room. Evan kissed her, bringing her attention back to him. They kissed gently for a few moments before he deftly pushed his cock into her. He turned onto his back, forcing her to straddle him and sink farther onto his cock. She moaned and shivered, sitting up, her tits hanging in Evan's face. He caught a nipple in his mouth and sucked it. Merrie turned as she heard Jimmy come out of the bathroom, a bottle in his hand. He knelt behind her and slowly spread oil onto her skin. Massaging it in gently, causing her to rock back and forth on Evan's cock. He watched Evan's cock slid in and out of Merrie and he envied him. But he knew he could have her whenever he wanted. And tonight, he wanted her to have what she wanted. He poured more oil in his hands and slid them over her ass. She rocked her body over Evan's.

Jimmy moved back on the bed and leaned over Merrie to gently bite her ass. She jumped and moaned his name. He smiled and then slowly licked from the entrance of her pussy, to her ass a few times. He slid an oil-coated finger into her ass, slowly pushing it in. He could feel Evan's cock and he pushed against it. Evan jumped, pushing further into Merrie's pussy. Jimmy sat up and leaned over Merrie's back.

"Do not cum in her pussy." Evan nodded and continued fucking Merrie. Jimmy slid his finger in and out of her ass. He could feel her body tighten with orgasm and when she started to cum he pulled her off Evan's cock and slammed his into her pussy, pulling his finger out of her ass.

"What the fuck, man?" Evan asked, irritated. His cock was red and wet.

"Feed her your cock." Merrie moaned, past the point of paying attention, as her orgasm coursed through her body. She loved Jimmy's cock above all others. He fucked her hard but slowed when Evan sat up and started feeding Merrie his cock. She licked it hungrily, sucking her juices off it. When it was deep in her mouth, Jimmy fucked her hard again. His cock sliding in and out of her. He looked down and watched, listening to the sounds of her sucking cock.

"Fuck. She's going to make me cum." Evan called out. Jimmy picked up the tempo, wanting them all to cum at the same time.

"Me too."

"Fuck me, Jimmy. Make me cum again." He reached under her and rubbed her clit. All three people orgasmed at the same time, Evan spraying Merrie's face with his cum and Jimmy pumping wildly into her pussy as he came. He felt her pussy pulse and throb around him and she collapsed on top of Evan. He watched as Evan wiped hair out of her eyes and then wiped his cum off her face only to feed it to her. She sucked on his fingers. Jimmy pressed himself against Merrie's back and ass, grinding, and then pulled out. He watched his cum drip onto Evan's leg and then the blankets.
