 Everybody is aware that summers in the UK are unpredictable. If the weatherman tells you to get your barbeque out, because it's going to be the hottest day on record, you can bet your life that it's your umbrella you'll be getting out. So, when I woke one Friday morning to a glorious sunny day, I phoned in sick and packed my bag for the beach.

I live on the coast and have the choice of three beaches, but one of them is always quiet because it's small and littered with rocks. I don't get to lie on the beach as much as I'd like but when I do this is the one I always choose.

I walked across the soft sand listening to the waves as I made my way to my chosen spot. It was hidden between some rocks, but it had a clear view of the sea.

The temperature was staring to soar, and I welcomed the heat as I looked out at the blue water. I spread my towel out on the sand and applied sun tan lotion to my milky white skin. I looked up at the clear blue sky and smiled, if only we had more days like this I thought.

I sat down on my towel and quickly scanned the beach for anyone that may have escaped my view as I walked to my private spot. Confident that nobody would see me, I pulled my t-shirt over my head and removed my bikini top. I often sunbathed topless on holiday, but never at my local beach.

I had to fight off the urge to touch myself as I applied lotion to my bare breasts. My nipples stiffened as I gently rubbed the thick white cream into my soft skin. Eventually the urge passed and I led down on my towel, feeling the hot sun as it warmed my near naked body.

It only felt like minutes, but it could have been hours that I had been laying there before a shadow crossed my closed eyelids. I opened my eyes and saw a tall figure standing just a few feet away.

The sun restricted my eyesight as I tried to get a better look at who was invading my private space. I raised myself up onto one elbow and my eyes adjusted to the bright light of the sun. I had forgotten that I was topless until I felt the heavy weight of my breasts swinging against my arm.

Standing in front of me was a young looking lad. He couldn't have been older than eighteen or nineteen. He had a wetsuit on but it was rolled down to his waist. Despite looking young he looked toned and well defined without an ounce of fat on his body.

His eyes were fixed firmly on my breasts, as they hung there in all their glory. My nipples hardened like bullets and pointed directly at him.

I watched him gulp before he looked down at his feet shifting in the sand. He was definitely a boy rather than a man, but his body was delicious. As I sat up admiring his gorgeous physique, I noticed the growing bulge in his wetsuit.

"Where have you just sprung from?" I asked.

He nodded shyly, still keeping his head down. "I was snorkelling in the sea ... with my father."

"Is that your father?" I asked, nodding towards a man standing up in the water. 

"Yeah." He answered.

"Cool, so what's your name?" I asked. "I'm Sophie by the way."

"Nice to meet you," he stammered. "I'm Steven."

I don't know where my courage came from, but the urge I had from massaging my breasts was back with a vengeance. There was a time when I would have put on my clothes and ran away as fast I could, but his cute shyness and growing erection was keeping me there.

"Do you smoke?" I asked, taking my cigarettes and lighter from my bag.

"Yeah, I do but...," he answered, before looking over his shoulder towards his father. "But my father doesn't know."

"You're old enough to smoke aren't you?" I asked, patting the towel beside me.

He stepped closer, leaned towards me, and took a cigarette from the packet. "I don't mean to sound rude, but you don't sound like you're from around here."

"No I'm not," he chuckled. "My father is from here originally, but my parents moved up north. We are just visiting my grandparents." 

Once he had lit his cigarette I took my lighter from him, keeping my eyes on his, and lit my own cigarette. His eyes were fixed on me as I sucked hard on the cork filter. 

"My father said there would be some great snorkelling down here," he stammered. "But I can't believe how quiet it is." 

"That depends on what you're looking for." I said, leaning back on my elbows and opening my legs slightly. "Sometimes it's better when it's quiet, nobody around to disturb you."

"Yeah, I can see why that would be good." He smiled.

"Sit down for a moment," I said, watching him. I could see how nervous he was, but the bulge in his wetsuit was egging me on. "You don't mind me being topless like this?" I asked. "I can put my bikini on if it makes you feel more comfortable."

He quickly shook his head, like a little boy would at bed time, then, like a man sensing an opportunity, sat down beside me.

As hard as he tried, he just couldn't keep his eyes off my breasts. His lustful gaze forced a couple of uncontrollable twitches from deep inside my pussy.

I was eager to look down at my breasts and see what he was seeing. But I didn't dare, I didn't want to scare him off with embarrassment. Instead, I tried to make conversation while I felt my nipples hardening under his watchful eyes. 

"So, how long are you here for?" I asked.

"Just a week," he answered. "What about you?"

"Oh, I live not too far from here, but I phoned in sick, got to make the most of it." I giggled.

As we both laughed I noticed him staring deeper at my breasts, I was aware that my laughter had caused my breasts to bounce about. 

My nipples were now so hard and sensitive, that they ached for him to touch them, play with them, and suck them into his mouth. My pussy was so wet, and it to ached for his touch, and the bulge inside his wetsuit. 

I tilted forwards onto my knees, pausing for a moment as he stared closer at my breasts. I hoped he could smell the sweet coconut lotion that was soaked into my skin. I then picked up one of his hands and placed it firmly onto one of my swollen breasts.

"Bloody hell!" he gasped, as his fingers closed around the soft flesh of my breast. Both of us began to breathe faster as he brought his other hand up, and tightly held both mounds together. 

I couldn't have wished for a more erotic moment. I had sand, sea, sunshine and an inexperienced young man in my claws. But what he lacked in experience, he made up for in enthusiasm.

Soft groans turned to whimpers as he dug his fingers into my breasts. I leaned back on my hands, thrusting my breasts closer towards him. He knelt up and pushed his face into my heaving cleavage, sending new sensations through my body, while my pussy eagerly twitched. 

He nuzzled his face in between my breasts, squashing them into his face with his hands. Then I pushed him backwards and cupped my own breasts.

His facial expression was one of total inexperience, but with the eagerness to learn. He had obviously had some experience with girls, but not a woman like me. I knew what I wanted, and I was determined to get it.

I spread my knees a little to balance myself in front of him and, with my back arched to emphasise my bust, offered him a nipple to suck on. My knees wobbled as his tongue nervously flicked across my nipple. I clutched his shoulders, trying to keep my balance while he teased my ever hardening nipple with his soft lips. I smiled as he moaned his tongue licking round my nipple before he sucked it into his mouth. Waves of pleasure started to run through my body, from my nipple to my brain, and then down to my empty, waiting cunt.

He grabbed my other breast, lifted it to his mouth, and sucked the burning hot teat into his mouth. He was now spoiled for choice, turning his head from one breast to the other, taking each nipple in turn into his mouth, as if trying to decide which one tasted the best. 

I loved the feeling of power I had over this lad as he stimulated my nipples to near breaking point. I pushed myself roughly against him, searching for more pleasure from his sucking, biting and groping.

With his head still firmly suffocated between my breasts, I pulled on his legs until he kicked them out straight. Slowly, so he was still able to suck on my nipples, I parted my legs further and lifted my knees so I could straddle him. 

Keeping my breasts squashed against his face, I began to roll his wetsuit down his body. I was impressed by his multi-tasking skills as he raised his hips, helping me remove the wetsuit, and sucked harder on my nipple. 

At last I managed to pull down his wetsuit and free his cock. Licking my lips like a true wanton slut, I reached down and took his beautiful cock into my hand. He shuddered as my fingers curled tightly around his cock. 

"Just relax now, and enjoy yourself." I whispered.

He reluctantly let go of my breasts and put his hands into the sand behind him, supporting his weight as my breasts hung in front of his face. He smiled at them as the gently breeze chilled his wet saliva around my nipples. 

I placed my hand on his chest and gently pushed him back as I slithered down his body towards his cock. He fell back flat and gently grabbed my hair. I had to admit that I was impressed when my head reached his cock. It stood hard and rigid while the tip emerged from his soft foreskin.

I wanted to admire it for a few moments, but I couldn't wait any longer with his cock throbbing inches from my mouth in anticipation. So, I opened my mouth and sucked him all in until the tip reached the back of my throat. He grunted like an animal as I gently nibbled and slowly licked up and down his sweet length. 

As I sucked, I started to slowly rub up and down my pussy. The pleasure was so intense that I had to force myself to slow down. I was desperate to cum, and I knew my soaking wet pussy was leaking juice onto his legs.

Then I gave his cock one last suck as I slowly pulled my mouth up his length, running my tongue along the underside of his twitching pole.

I climbed back up his body and tilted myself over him, teasing him with my dangling breasts. He smiled as he watched me raise myself up slightly and grab his cock. Calmly, I managed to guide the tip of his cock to my soaking wet hole and hold it there. I waited and watched as his eyes grew wide in desperation. 

"You're so beautiful," he whimpered. 

I smiled and lowered myself, so only the tip of his cock slid past my quivering lips to enter my pussy. I tried to hold on and prolong the suspense, but the tension was too much. I gasped and bit my lip as each inch slowly filled me to the hilt. He too gave out a loud groan as I let his entire length slide up inside me.

I paused to let the insides of my pussy stretch around his cock, contracting to accommodate his size. He grabbed my hips and held me tight, and I gave him a delightful sigh of satisfaction before bending over to offer him my breasts. 

Suddenly, his face froze. I frowned, thinking he was having last minute nerves, but then I quickly discovered something worse.

"Now this does look like fun," a stranger's voice chuckled.

I kept my eyes on Steven, cursing in my mind at how embarrassing this looked. I watched his face as he looked behind me and shook his head furiously. I wanted to look behind me but something was keeping me from showing my embarrassment. Then, I heard the unzipping sound of another wetsuit, and a filthy grin appeared across Stevens face. 

"Your turn to relax, and have some pleasure." He smiled, reaching up and grabbing my breasts. 

He pulled me forwards and pushed his head in between my breasts again, and my arse was raised up in the air. 

I couldn't be certain, but I guessed our intruder was his father. I tried to climb off him in protest, but my movements caused his cock to slide up and down inside me, firing me up once more. 

I lost all my inhibitions as he took a nipple into his mouth and sucked hard. My pussy muscles tightened around his hardening cock as he started to buck his hips. Each thrust went a little bit deeper into my womb and stretched me to new sensations. 

"You caught a fine one here, son," the voice said. "Mind if I join you?"

Steven pulled me down harder on top of him and rammed his cock right up inside me. Suddenly, I felt my arse cheeks being pulled apart and another person pressing up against my back. 

"Do you want me to join in?" the voice whispered, into my ear.

I couldn't answer as the cock thrusting inside my pussy was forcing me to groan and grunt. Different sensations were pulling my mind this way and that way, controlled by the burning feeling inside my pussy. 

"Tell me slut," the voice hissed. "Tell me you want me to join in."

"Yes ... Oh ..."

"Come on you filthy slut, you can say it. I know you want to."

His words drove through me like the cock that was battering my pussy.

"Yes, I want it ... Oh; fuck ... Yes fuck me ...

"

I felt myself being yanked backwards by his father, who quickly slid his own cock up between my arse cheeks. I had never anal before, but the sensations I was experiencing were pure ecstasy, and he hadn't even started yet.

Whilst threshing around, the guys must have signalled something to each other as they suddenly grabbed me and held me still. That action alone almost had me exploding as my body stopped I could feel every tingling sensation inside my body.

Steven stopped fucking me, but he continued to work on my breasts and particular my nipples. Then I felt his father bring his stiff cock towards my puckered hole. I noticed it felt cold and wet, probably from whatever he used for lubricant. Then my body tensed as he slowly pushed his cock against the tight hole. I winced in pain as I felt my intruder push in slightly. 

My body naturally tried to force him out at first, but then it quickly accepted defeat as I felt the hole slacken to allow him entry.

As he eased into me inch by inch, I suddenly realised that I had two rock solid cocks wedged inside me, and it felt good.

Then the cock inside my arse began to rock back and forth, and I let the rocking move my body. I started to relax, falling forwards onto Steven and his stiff cock, then backwards onto his father, who was deep inside my arse.

The feeling was so intense. I felt, pain and pleasure, agony and ecstasy, who ever said double penetration was degrading? 

As I tried to move off one the other went deeper, and an incredible climax was building. I could also sense that the guys were close to letting go to as they started shouting and ramming their cocks in harder. I was literally a rag doll being, pulled, smacked, pummelled and thrown about until they had cum.

Steven couldn't take any more as he buried his head between my breasts and grunted loudly. I felt the tip of his cock swell up inside my womb, quickly followed by a torrent of spunk blasting deep inside me. Jet after jet of hot cum was met by my own powerful climax before I felt the cock in my arse begin to twitch, and deliver its load.

I toppled sideways off Steven as his father withdrew from my arse; I fell onto the towel with hot cum leaking from both holes.