 I was only twenty-two when I was hired to head up the local fundraising drive for the volunteer fire department, starting after graduation in June. The part time job didn't pay much, but for me it was the first rung on the ladder.

All through school, I was the popular and successful Captain of the Cheerleader Squad for the varsity football team. Fundraising was my first job in the real world.

The fire department seemed to be a very worthwhile cause. In addition, I knew the experience would provide contacts and references to help me get into a good MBA program or land an entry-level job in professional sales. Of course, those dreams depended on meeting all the objectives before the funding campaign was over at the end of the year.

By September, about half the community goal of fifty thousand dollars had been raised, but I quickly learned that the first half was the easy half. Most of the likely donors had already written their checks. Where would the rest of the contributions come from?

I was desperate for a new prospect, a person or organization not yet tapped out, especially anyone with above average wealth. There didn't seem to be much chance of that when I did my third review of the rows and columns of the town government property tax database. It made my eyes water.

But that October day was different. For some reason I noticed a line item, "EGLNST" with a type code of "U" meaning Undetermined.

Who or what was EGLNST? The only one who seemed to know anything was the Town Treasurer. He gave me the sketchy basic facts behind the minimal information in the property records.

~~~~~~

Hidden in a large, wooded acreage on the outer edge of town, the rustic Eagle's Nest mansion stood isolated and alone. The former hunting lodge had been built years ago for a very wealthy man from Atlanta. Within the last year, it had been renovated and converted to a men's club, a mysterious organization with few ties to the local community.

The private club paid their annual taxes in advance, one of the larger tax bills in the county. I was able to confirm their contributions to other local charities, enough so all the important groups in town had a positive impression of them. But they showed no interest in participating in local affairs and no one knew much about them. I had completely overlooked them until that third review.

I tried in vain to find a contact I could call, but finally had to take the direct approach. I drove out there mid-afternoon on a Friday, hoping to find someone.

Looking through the bars of their closed gate, I could only see the driveway curving out of sight through dense trees. But I did find an intercom on one of the huge stone pillars that framed the driveway entrance.

There was a keypad with the intercom, but it required a code I didn't have. I pressed the call button, hoping someone would answer.

"What is your business?" boomed from the speaker, startling me.

"I would like to speak to the manager of Eagle's Nest," I said, trying to be businesslike despite my nerves.

"Regarding?"

"I represent the fire department annual fund drive. I want to enroll your club as a sponsor."

"Your name?"

"Mandy Hicks."

There was a pause of a minute or so before the speaker boomed again.

"Welcome Mandy Hicks. When the gate opens, please drive to the main building."

I followed instructions, reaching the mansion's parking and front entrance. The structure was large, but dull and uninteresting from the outside. I walked up the short staircase to the main landing where I faced a blank wall with its central slab door.

I swept my long honey blond hair off my face and stood tall in my heels, looking up at the huge, intimidating barrier. My heart was pounding in my chest, so hard that I clutched my coat tight against me to contain the pulsing.

Much was riding on this meeting, my best chance to advance the struggling fund-raising effort, to show we weren't dead in the water. One good contribution from Eagle's Nest could be used to leverage others.

I rang the bell.

The door opened. A good looking, fortyish man said pleasantly, "Ms. Hicks, please come in."

He led me through the darkly paneled hall to an office. Along the way, he introduced himself as Mr. White. He motioned me to a comfortable guest chair as he sat behind the desk.

I draped my folded coat over the back of my chair. He offered water but I declined, too nervous to get sidetracked.

"My purpose is to ... to ... " I struggled to say anything coherent in the intimidating atmosphere.

"You said you want a sponsor for the fire department. Is that right?" he asked, coming straight to the point.

"Yes. So sorry. I'm making a mess of things," I admitted.

"Don't worry. Is this your first sales job?"

I nodded. "Until June I was at State, a student."

"Well, don't worry. You're doing fine. You can't get anywhere in the world if you don't ask for what you want. You are here and that's the biggest step."

I remembered some sales techniques. Find common interests, build a relationship.

I asked, "Can you tell me more about the Eagle's Nest Club?"

"Not much to tell. Our members want a secluded place to relax and enjoy our down time doing what most appeals to us."

"So, sports? Wine tasting? What?"

"Well, a little more specialized. But, time is limited. You'd better tell me what I could do to help your cause."

"Of course."

I explained our annual drive for the sole fire department in the area and how the money would be used. I pointed out the benefits to Eagle's Nest, especially the enormous good will they would gain by being known as a sponsor.

"How much?" Mr. White asked.

"Well, we need another twenty-five thousand dollars to reach our annual goal, but even if I could put you down for a thousand dollar sponsorship it would help. Will you do that?"

My heart sank when he said, "A thousand? No, I'm sorry, that's too steep."

But my hope was restored an instant later, when he added, "I can authorize five hundred. Will that help?"

I jumped up, full of joy. "Yes, of course. I'm so happy, so grateful. Thank you, thank you."

I went around the desk to embrace him with a hug. He chuckled at my enthusiasm.

"I'm sorry," I explained, blushing. "I was a cheerleader, Captain in fact. I get excited when we run up the score."

We shared a high-five before I returned to my chair.

The atmosphere in the room had improved. It didn't seem so dark and gloomy anymore, morphing toward cozy and reassuring.

He then asked, "How motivated are you to reach your stretch goal?"

Puzzled, I responded, "What do you mean? Is there a way to increase your contribution?"

"Oh, yes," he said. "Among our members even the whole twenty-five thousand isn't a large amount."

"Really? Okay, well ... I want to earn your participation. So what do I have to do?"

He got up from the desk, came over to my chair, looming above me. He took a money clip out of his pocket, slid out a hundred, unfolded it, and held it up with both hands, facing me.

I just stared, not knowing what to do. I tentatively reached for it, but he pulled it back.

"Not yet. First, unbutton your blouse."

Although I had sensed this might happen -- young women always get hit on -- I froze. All sorts of conflicting emotions and thoughts ran through my head.

"Um, my buttons? Why?"

"You are a beautiful woman and I want to see more of you. That's why."

I guess I still looked panicky because he changed tactics.

"Okay, baby steps." He waved the bill. "I'll give you this if you just tell me your measurements."

I thought about what we cheerleaders had done for the football team when they won a game. This was tame, at least so far.

"Since you asked nicely, I'm 34D-25-36, five-seven, one hundred thirty pounds. Happy?"

"Yes, very. You are extremely well put together." He handed me the crisp hundred dollar bill. Franklin seemed to be smiling.

He sat down on the couch, close to my chair.

Mr. White said, "The situation is really so simple. You do something for me, something you can easily do, and I will help you with your goal."

He gave me a minute before asking, "Ready for more?"

I nodded, warming up to the idea. It no longer seemed completely outrageous or strange.

"Five hundred more to the fire department fund when you strip topless."

I wanted the money for the fund and, anyway, I found him attractive. It really was simple. I stood and started to open the buttons, adding what I hoped were sexy glances. I licked my lips.

When the buttons were opened, I held the two sides of the blouse together, then snapped them open/shut a few times, flashing my bra.

White looked pleased. I returned his smile. This wasn't so bad.

He nudged, "I like the little peeks, but you know that's not topless," amused not angry. "Keep going."

I took the blouse off. My black Victoria's Secret lace cup bra was perfect for my contours and just a little see-through. My nipples were standing up, advertising the sexual tension I was feeling in my loins. I struggled with a strong urge to put my hand between my legs where damp was turning into wet.

Mr. White stared, fascinated I thought. He asked me to turn around to show him all sides. I slowly turned, but when my back was to him he surprised me with a quick move that unhooked my bra. I brought my hands up reflexively to keep the cups from falling off.

He praised me. "You are doing great. Your body is fantastic."

I beamed.

"Take it off, Mandy," he suggested, quietly. "Only one small step to topless."

I thought it was a big step, from "still covered" to "bare tits in his face." But I let the bra fall to the floor. I gave it all up when I continued the slow turn around with my hands clasped behind my back.

Mr. White applauded and blew a kiss to each projecting breast. I found that I was enjoying his attention. I was pretty hot, my nipples hard and jutting out from my high-centered areolas.

He reached for me, to pull me onto his lap. I wanted that, to feel his hands on me, and more, but I wasn't ready to surrender.

I said, "No, I think you've used up the five hundred. If you want to continue, we need a new agreement."

"That's fair," he conceded, laughing at my primitive negotiating skills.

He was blunt. "Okay, new agreement. I'm eager to come in your mouth. How much for a blow job?"

That was shockingly explicit. He was totally treating me like a whore. But I had to admit I felt hotter, not turned off. My arousal was dominating my thinking.

But I still had some bargaining power left. I was ready to play ball with him, but hadn't forgotten my fundraising goals. Yet.

I blurted out, "One thousand for the charity and you'll get what you want."

He laughed at me, but had no hesitation to accept my terms. "It's a deal," he said.

He stood up to embrace me, I put my arms around his neck, pressed full length against him. We kissed, a delightful, gradually deepening erotic kiss. He fondled my boobs, then reached around my waist to unzip my skirt. I slipped it off leaving only my thong. I opened his pants and fished his cock out, pleased by its size and his urgent twitching in my direction.

I had experience with blow jobs. No way a cheerleader didn't do a lot of them in the course of her team-motivating duties, not to mention various boy friends. So it wasn't all new to me as I used my tongue to wet him, then slipped his cock into my mouth. I tightened the ring of my lips, began bobbing, and slid my tongue against him, helped by my hands, all to generate the maximum feelings for his benefit.

After a few minutes, I noisily popped my mouth off his dick, with a big, slutty "Ah!"

I held on with my hands, maintaining the motion.

"Good so far?" I asked.

"You're great. Don't stop."

I bore down and slowed to match his pulsing moves, then kept going as I felt him thrust forward and propel his cum load into my sucking mouth. I continued, staying with him until he seemed done.

I pulled back, feeling the cum drip out, hanging from my lips. I grinned at him as I tilted my head back and swallowed it all.

I felt very successful, having brought Mr. White to orgasm and having earned money for the fund drive, all at once.

From behind me, I heard applause and a voice saying, "Fantastic BJ, Mandy. Like a pro."

I let go of Mr. White's softening dick and turned around to see who had joined us, trying to cover my breasts with my crossed arms.

"Who? What?" I sputtered. "What's happening?" I asked Mr. White.

The answer came from one of two new men. "Call me Mr. Green, Mandy. We're Club members. I was delighted to see what you've been up to already with Mr. White. I'm sure Mr. Brown here feels the same."

Brown, a nice looking black man, gave a thumbs up, without saying anything.

"What do you want from me?" I asked harsh1y, still trying to cover up, to retain a shred of modesty.

Green continued, "First of all, please try to relax. We're all friends here. You're not kidnapped. If you want to leave, you have that option any time. But everyone will be happier and better off if we find a way to keep the party going."

"Meaning what?" I challenged. "What is this, exactly?"

Mr. Green calmly continued, "We heard the arrangement you made with Mr. White. So, how much do we have to donate for you to do both of us?" He motioned to indicate himself and Brown.

"Two more ... oral?" I asked.

Green said, "I was thinking we team you, on all fours."

I had rationalized an exception to the rules for Mr. White, but the new suggestion was far beyond that. I would just be a woman for rent. Against that, it was still for a good cause.

I tried to be logical. I just happily took a mouthful of cum from White who I only met an hour ago. What's the difference if I do the new guys too, for more donations? "Why not?" I decided.

"Um, then it should be two thousand for the two of you. Paid to the charity, I mean."

Green shook his head negatively. "No, we're getting into volume discount territory now. I propose one thousand for both of us. Okay?"

"Okay," I echoed, thinking that I might have given in too soon.

Mr. Green walked over to stand by the couch while White sat on the desk. Green held out his hands and I took them, uncovering myself. He stripped off my thong and guided me onto my hands and knees, thoroughly feeling me up as he did so. He took off his robe revealing a very substantial hard-on that he immediately thrust into my mouth and started pumping.

I focused exclusively on Green for a few minutes, forgetting everything. His grunts and groans, his in and out motion against my lips, tongue, and inner mouth felt just fine.

"Why do I worry so much?" I wondered.

Then I felt hands on my butt cheeks, spreading me to ease into my pussy from the back. Mr. Brown began thrusting mightily into that end of me.

Now White was the cheerleader, shouting excited encouragement and vulgar comments as the two men rode me hard.

"Fuck her, guys. Make her feel it."

"Great tits, crazy swinging."

"Gag her throat, stretch her pussy."

He was very active, narrating the whole event until both men came, Green first, in my mouth, then Brown. I swallowed the mouth load and I could feel Brown's cum on my thighs.

"Towel?" I looked at White. He pulled one out of a drawer.

The three of them kidded me about what happened, very appreciative of my skills. They enjoyed watching me towel off, talking to me, mostly compliments.

"Just sitting there you have more sex appeal than ninety-nine percent of women," Green told me.

"Only ninety-nine percent?" I teased. We all laughed.

Brown finally had something to say, "I can tell you were a cheerleader. You have an incredible body, a happy disposition, and tons of energy."

I was pleased, of course, but still a little overwhelmed by the fast changing circumstances. I went to each man and gave him a hug, making sure he could feel my whole body against him. They were all smiles and I felt better too, less like a tramp.

Mr. White was still running the show. He consulted a paper on his desk.

"Let's see, five hundred for the initial sponsorship pledge, then one hundred for your measurements. No, I already gave you the hundred."

White continued, "Five hundred to strip topless, one thousand for my blow job, and one thousand for sex with Green and Brown. Total is three large. Agreed?"

I said it seemed right to me. I started thinking about bringing their check to my office, how impressed everyone would be.

Then White shocked me to the core. "Now that we've seen how much fun you are and you saw how easy it is, why don't you stay for a gangbang?"

"What? Why would you even say that? I never ... well ...."

My automatic rejection of a gangbang was undermined by memories of a football team event the previous year, after they won a big upset that made the season historic. As Captain, I led the other cheerleaders in a salute to the team. I probably had sex with five or six guys that night while an orgy went on around us. But that seemed different somehow. Or was it?

White wasn't taking no for my answer. "Mandy, don't reject us. We had fun together already, you with three men, in this room. Why not expand your limits a little more?"

I was resisting the idea but I wasn't sure why. Emotions were churning, fear but also arousal as images of me in a gangbang flashed in my head. I needed more information and time to make a comfortable decision.

"What would I actually have to do?" I asked hesitantly.

White explained, "You'll have unlimited sex with all the Club members, whoever shows up. You will do whatever they want."

Green added, "They're going to treat you incredibly well, as our really special guest. You're going to love it."

"Unlimited sex, that's all? And how many usually show up?"

"At least fifteen and maybe as many as thirty-five."

"Oh my God. Oh ... " I was a little overwhelmed.

White backtracked. "Maybe that's too big a leap. But understand I was going to propose that you walk away with a check for twenty-five thousand dollars, to meet your charity fundraising goal."

"Um, twenty-five thousand?" I perked up.

"Yeah, your whole goal. You be our slut tonight and we'll put you over the top, in more ways than one."

I didn't know what to do. "Can I take a break now?" I asked.

White gave me a fresh spa robe from the office closet, in a usable size. I slipped into it, nude underneath.

Green showed me to the Ladies Lounge which was very clean and had everything I needed.

After I washed my face I thought about what was next. I wished I could talk to other women who had been in the Ladies Lounge before me.

After ten minutes, I rejoined the men.

"Okay, I've decided. My goal is to be the fundraising superstar, that's what I want most. So I'll be your gangbang girl to reach my goal and yours too."

I finished with a shout, "Let's party!"

The three men cheered, high fived, hugged me, and generally seemed very happy. I was flattered that my participation meant so much to them. I vowed to myself to make it work, to be the best gangbang girl they ever had.

No one in town was expecting me anywhere that evening, so I just settled in, prepared to go all the way.

~~~~~~

The three men treated me to a light dinner in the Club dining room. We sat at a round table, all wearing the spa robes. Other men at other tables -- all dressed the same -- showed a lot of interest in me.

At our table, gourmet food and wine blended with conversation about the Eagle's Nest Club, it's members, and their activities. Details were vague, but I got the general idea. Their number one priority was sex parties. Otherwise they enjoyed various male pursuits like watching sports and porn, shooting pool, and playing poker.

As the seven o'clock party hour approached, men joined our table or stood by us to listen. The conversation shifted to specific sexual questions for me. I let my inner slut out to play, to give answers designed to be exciting, not necessarily the precise truth.
