 This is another story for the woman who is just out of my reach. I base my stories off the things she tells me, and also off our limited time together. She enjoys reading about herself, and I enjoy writing about her. 

This is your last Christmas present, Jo. Hope you like it.

Love, Eddy

***********************

"Would you relax you fucking idiot!"

I looked at Alex as he made his way down the stairs to the boat dock. He knew I was nervous. I'd never been a boat in my entire 25 years on this planet.

"Relax and come on! It won't sink! I promise! You'll have fun!" He called back.

Carrying a cooler of beer, I continued to follow him down to the 25 foot cabin cruiser sitting on the lake. I'd moved to this area four years ago after college. Back home we didn't have a lake to boat around on. I could swim, but I never learned to like the water very much. I'd been invited to go out on the lake several times, but had always said no. This time Alex had insisted. He was a good guy, but some times at work I caught him in little lies that made me question whether he had a bad memory or was totally full of shit.

We reached the boat and I hesitantly stepped over the side and onto the lower deck. I could feel the deck move with the waves, and stood there for a while trying to convince myself that this was just like my water bed at home.

"For Christ's sake Eddy, put the cooler down and relax!"

I looked over and saw Alex's brother Paul, yelling at me while he unloading some food into a side compartment.

"Blow me, you fucking bitch!" I responded with a smile. This wouldn't be so bad after all I thought. Just a day out with the guys drinking beer and fishing.

Then the door to the cabin opened up and a woman called out. "Nice language, Eddy." I recognized it as the voice of Alex's wife, Kate.

"Sorry, Kate, I thought it was just the guys on board," I said softly as I put down the cooler stuffed with a case and a half of Miller Lite. I turned around to see Kate standing there in a tiny bikini with red flower print. She looked stunning. Kate was about 5'6", blue eyes and shoulder length blond hair, and had nice 36 C tits and an ass so firm you could hammer nails with it. As she smiled at me, I looked her up and down and then brought my gaze back to met hers. I'd always had a thing for Kate, and now she looked so pretty that I was glad I had on a pair of cutoffs and a long baggy shirt to cover my hardon. 

"I you want to go fuck her down below, we have time before we set off," Alex muttered as he grabbed a beer.

"OK," I yelled sarcastically while taking her hand and pulling her toward the door to the cabin. Kate screamed and pulled her hand away. As we all laughed, Kate punched Alex in the arm and took a seat next to Paul with a pouty look on her face. Alex climbed the steps to the captain's chair and fired up the engine. As it rumbled to life, I asked Alex to tell me about his boat. He began to tell me every detail, the size, engine type, and on and on. My mind drifted off as he rambled. Paul's the only guy I know who can make a short story long. I was looking out over the lake and wondering how puffy Kate's nipples get be if I threw her in right now. Suddenly the door to the cabin opened behind me making me jumped.

Out walked a vision from a dream. "Excuse me," she said as she slipped past me. I watched her ass as she walked away. She was wearing a bright yellow bikini that glowed against her tanned skin. She was short, with long black hair and an ass to rival Kate's. Her legs were short but muscular, and before she sat down on Paul's lap, I had fallen in love. 

"I'm sorry, Eddy, have you ever met my girlfriend, Jo?" Paul asked.

"No, I haven't," I said. I walked over and shook her hand. "I'm Eddy, nice to meet you, Jo." It was hard to keep eye contact with her and not look down to check out her tits. Her eyes were dark brown. They made her look so mysterious. Her bright red lips were full and inviting. As she smiled at me, I knew I would be having sex with her in my dreams tonight.

"Nice to meet you, Eddy." she said with a smile. Her words broke my trance. "Kate told me about you joining us today."

"Have a seat, Eddy, here we go," Alex called out. I turned and took a seat on the side bench and braced myself as the boat started out into the lake. The ride wasn't too bad. As we sped up I stole a glance at Jo. Her tits were smaller than Kate's, but they had a perfect teardrop shape. Her yellow bikini top held them firmly. Paul's right hand rested on Jo's ass. His thumb was gently stroking her bare flesh between her main butt muscle and her hip. Jo was talking with Kate. Their voices were drowned out by roaring engine. Paul's left hand rested on Jo's left inner thigh. Her short legs looked so inviting.

We hit some waves on the water. As our boat bounced hard I noticed we were crossing the wake of a passing boat. I looked over at Kate's tits and watched them giggle under her bikini top. It had been a long time since I had been with a woman, and these two looked so inviting, I couldn't stand it. I needed to go find the bathroom and jerk off fast. 

I stood up, holding on to the side and yelled back to Paul so that he could hear me, "Bathroom?" I yelled, pointing to the cabin door. 

"Head?" he yelled back shaking his head.

"No thanks, I'll wait and get a whore on the way home," I said with a smile.

Paul shook his head. "No. On a boat it's called the head, Land Lover." I knew that. 

"Besides, its broken," he yelled back. "You'll have to hang it over the side when we stop." The women thought this was very funny. I didn't. So much for a quick release.

Soon we reached a little cove with woods on three sides. Alex cut the engine and we drifted to a stop. He turned on the CD player and the sound of cool jazz began to fill the boat. Nice choice. To my disappointment, the girls took some beers and went to the upper deck to get some mid-afternoon sun. The upper deck is above the cabin, in front of the captain's instrument panel. Alex and Paul stood up along the side of the boat and each took a leak. I looked up to see if the girls were watching, but they were out of sight. When they were done, I peed too, after all, I did have to go earlier.

Alex, Paul and I sat on the side benches and threw out some fishing lines. We sat and talked for a long time. The music, the bright sun and the cold beer (especially the cold beer) made us ignore the fact that we didn't get even a single bite. We were hitting the beer pretty hard, but the guys must have started before we got to the lake. They were getting pretty rowdy. The girls were drinking a lot too. We could hear them talking and laughing. Soon they both came down and told me to move my fishing pole, they had to pee. I reeled in my line and stepped back.

"Now turn around boys," Kate said in a teasing voice. We did as we were told and soon heard the sound of girls pee hitting the water. They were giggling and whispering to each other. Then Kate said, "OK, turn around boys." We did as directed and Jo let out a little scream. Jo still had her ass hanging out over the side of the boat and her bikini bottoms were around her knees. She jumped up and pulled her yellow bikini bottoms up in one quick motion. For a split second I saw her pussy. It was shaved clean. I wasn't ready to see that. I almost passed out.

"I'm gonna take a nap," Kate said with a wink to Alex and headed down into the cabin.

"Me too," said Jo and went back up the stairs to the upper deck.

"Sounds like fun," Alex said. He went to the side of the boat and took a quick pee before retreating to the cabin.

Paul peed off he other side and went to find Jo. "Hold down the fort," he said to me with a smile. Paul stumbled walking up the stairs to the upper deck. The beer had gotten to him. He regained his footing and disappeared behind the instrument panel in front of the captain's chair.

Great. Just where I wanted to be. Alone on a lake while everyone else was getting laid. I thought about Jo, and her shaved pussy. I started to hear soft moaning sounds from the upper deck. What ever was happening up there, Paul was definitely enjoying it. The boat began to rock slightly from side to side. Somebody was going at it hard. It all made my cock grow again. I needed to cum, but here? I'm not that brave.

I pulled in the other fishing lines and took off my shirt to get some sun. At least the girls weren't here to make fun of my "farmers tan." I took a leak off the side, and I grabbed myself another beer from the cooler. The rocking of the boat was getting more intense, and so were the moaning sounds from Paul.

I decided to turn up the CD player to drown out the sounds of the sex. I reached up to the volume control beside the captain's chair, but couldn't stretch enough. I climbed up the stairs and cranked the knob up a couple notches. As I started to turn around, I looked out the front window and got the shock of my life. Paul and Jo were right there, out in the open. Paul was naked and laying back, with Jo facing him on all fours, sucking his cock. She still had her bikini on, but I was looking straight at her tight ass, the same ass I feel in love with earlier. I could almost make out the lips of her pussy through the yellow material. She was working his balls with one hand and stroking his cock with the other while she licked the head. My hardon was back, and so strong that I had forgotten where I was for a moment.

Coming to my senses I ducked down behind the instrument panel. I couldn't believe that they were doing this right out here for anyone to see. These two were not shy like I was. I thought again about what was happening on the other side of my hiding place. I couldn't help myself. I had to look again. I raised up slightly, peeking just over the top of the instrument panel. Jo was still working on Paul's cock, but one of her hands was now inside of her bikini bottoms, rubbing herself. Involuntarily I reached down and started to rub my cock through my cutoffs.

Jo was working Paul's cock with a vengeance now, and his face was distorting, giving away the fact that he was close to cumming. Jo stopped touching herself and fondled his balls gently, and that sent him over the edge. He gasp as he shot his juice into Jo's mouth. She didn't miss a drop, drinking it all down. She was good at this.

Jo crawled up Paul's body and kissed his cheek, as Paul rolled onto his side and closed his eyes. Jo snuggled up beside him and whispered into his ear. I couldn't hear her, but I'm sure she said it was her turn. Paul just lay there. She waited a bit, then nudged him. He was sound asleep.

"Fucking bastard," she said out loud, and rolled over onto her back. She closed her eyes and reached down between her legs. She began to rub the outside of her bikini bottoms, which suddenly became noticeably wet. I couldn't believe I was watching this dream girl masturbate. She was so beautiful. Then it happened. I don't know if I made a noise or if she sensed my presences. Her eyes opened and she sat up, staring right at me. I froze. I was busted. Caught red handed spying on her. We looked at each other for what seemed like hours, then she started to smile.

Jo stood up and quietly walked toward me. I sat stunned, until she tapped me on the shoulder as she passed by my hiding place. I turned and watched her go down the steps to the lower deck. She went over to the bench in the back of the boat and lay down. Jo motioned for me with one finger, and I quickly made my way down and stood over her.

"Eddy, please eat my pussy," she said. The smile was gone from her face. I looked around the boat. We were alone. I looked back down at her. She lifted her hips off the bench and slid off her bikini bottoms. She dropped them at my feet, and raised her knees to her chest. I looked down at her pussy. It was completely bald, and as she parted her knees, the folds slowly opened up showing me her large clit, and below that, the opening to her love hole.

My shyness was gone. I didn't need to be asked twice. I knelt at the end of the bench and slid her down so that I could easily get at her. I leaned down and gazed at her cunt for a second before I kissed her right on the clit. She twitched and arched her back, grinding her clit into my waiting lips. I raised my lips off her clit and began to kiss around the lips of her pussy, teasing her with soft whisper touches from my mouth. She began moaning softly, and rotating her hips slowly.

After several minutes of kissing, the juice was glistening off her pussy folds, and I couldn't help but taste her. My tongue started at her opening and licked upwards between first one fold of her pussy, then the next, finishing each lick with a flick to her clit. I worked my way from one side of Jo's pussy to the other side, and then back, slowly devouring her intimacy. Each fold was like a soft, silky flower pedal covered in morning dew. She was so sweet that I couldn't stop myself. Jo was breathing heavily, moaning with each exhale.

I reached up to fondle her breasts, and found that her bikini top was still on. Jo quickly pulled it up over the top of her nipples to give me excess to her tits. I massaged one gently with my whole hand, then I switched to the other as I continued my slow rhythmic licking. Her nipples grew very hard and I soon started to pinch them after each massage. 

She was almost out of control when I finally reached my other hand up and worked one finger into her pussy. She was dripping wet by this time, and I gently stroked my finger across her swollen "G" spot. I continued to lick her pussy and pinch her nipples, although I was now pinching them rather hard. She was almost at her limit, but I could hear her whispering something. I raised up and asked what was wrong.

"My ass, I need a finger up my ass, Baby," she whispered. That was new to me. I had never had a women who liked her asshole penetrated. I stuck a second finger into her soaked pussy and coated it with her juice. I pulled them out of her pussy, then began to easy then in again, this time with my index finger in her cunt, and my middle finger in her ass. She grunted and arched her back again. "Oh God, that's it, Baby, that's it, Baby, don't stop. Suck my clit. Hurry!" There was urgency in her voice.

I locked my lips around her clit and sucked hard while moving my fingers in unison; one in her cunt and one in her anus. She move my hand off of her tit and started to pinch and twist her own nipples. She began bucking her hips faster and faster, and I matched her rhythm with my sucking and fingering. She was getting close and I wanted to taste her juice. Her grunts and heavy panting reached a fevered pitch and she suddenly threw back her head and held her breath. Her pussy convulsed and she squirted cum into my mouth and over my hand. Her cum was sweet. Everything about Jo was sweet.

She held her body perfectly still, except for the spasms in her pussy. "Don't move," Jo whispered, and she lay there motionless with my fingers still inside her. She slowly relaxed and started breathing in short gasps. I kept my fingers inside her and raised my head to watch her face. She was in a different world, with and innocent smile on her face. Suddenly she arched her back, threw back her head and held her breath again. I looked down at her pussy as she started to spasm and squirt juices out again. It was beautiful to watch her cum again so soon. She was amazing. 

After her second orgasm subsided, I asked if she was alright. She looked down at me, "I'm great. I could keep this up all day," she said. "How about you, Eddy? Are you alright?"

"I'm so horny I could die," I responded truthfully.

"Then why don't you fuck me, Eddy? I need a cock inside me right now. Hurry." she urged.

I quickly undid my cutoffs and pulled out my cock. It was throbbing with anticipation. I knelt in front of her and rubbed my cock up and down her smooth slit. Slowly, I eased it into her pussy. I pushed it in until I could feel her cervix with the head of my cock, then kept pushing. Soon I was engulfed in her cunt, with my pelvis bone up against her clit. I pulled it half way out, then slid it back in. Jo was so tight and hot that I had to close my eyes and concentrate on not cumming immediately. I held the front of her thighs and pulled the back of her thighs into my chest. I began to pull her back and forth to easy my cock in and out of her pussy. She was enjoying this as much as I was by the look on her face. But I knew I wouldn't last long, and I was getting ready to cum inside this beautiful women.

"Now this is a surprise," came a voice from beside us.

Jo and I both gave a startled jumped and watched Kate as she walked toward us. Kate was completely naked, holding her bikini. Her tits swung free as she walked, and her shaved pussy was glistening with moister. I watched her body, the body I had longed to see since we first met years ago. Kate stopped and stood over us.

"Eddy, what are you doing to my JoJo?" she asked me.

"It's not what you think," I said with a weak smile, even though my cock was still inside Jo's pussy.

"Bullshit, Eddy, you're fucking my girlfriend, JoJo! What else could it be!" she said.

I looked at Jo, and she was smiling. "You look great, Sis, care to join us?" Jo said.

Before I knew what was happening, Kate dropped her bikini, bent down and started sucking on one of Jo's tits. Kate's own ample tits were hanging down over Jo's body. They were perfect. "I've missed you," Jo said, pulling Kate's face up and kissing her lips intensely. Obviously they had done this before. "Paul couldn't stay awake long enough to make me cum, but Eddy here was up to the task," Jo whispered. I suddenly remembered that my cock was still in Jo, and started sliding it in and out again.

"Alex had the same problem. He just shot a load in my cunt and then gave up and went to sleep. He didn't give a fuck about what I need," said Kate. I looked at her pussy, and I could see Alex's sperm dripping from her pussy lips.

"Damn girl," said Jo, "You know how much I love to lick Alex's cum from your pussy." Jo looked at me. "Eddy, Baby, could you fuck my ass while we '69' each other?"

I hadn't seen that one coming. I didn't know what to do, so I just nodded.

Kate, opened a drawer beneath Jo, and pulled out a tube of KY jelly. I pulled my cock from Jo's pussy. It was dripping with her juice. Then I watched as Kate coated my cock with lubricant. Her touch was so gentle that I almost came in her hand. Then Jo raised her knees up so that Kate could rubbed some KY jelly at the entrance to Jo's anus. Kate took my cock in her hand and placed it on Jo's asshole.

"Relax JoJo girl, here he comes," Kate said to Jo. "You too, Eddy. Relax. Have you ever done this before?"

I shook my head no.

"Well, just try not to cum too quickly, because this is going to feel great," Kate said.

I eased forward and watched with amazement as Kate guided my cock into Jo's ass. It opened up and my cock met little resistance until it was about three-quarters in. It was so tight that I felt like I was being crushed.

"That's far enough, Eddy, wait a second," Jo said. "Now come here, Sis."

Kate straddle Jo's head and I reached out to hold her arms and steady her as she lowered her sloppy pussy to Jo's lips. Kate let out a groan and closed her eyes as Jo's tongue found her snatch. I watched with amazement as Jo started licking Kate's cunt. I began to move my cock in and out of Jo's ass. She was so tight that I really knew I wouldn't last long this time. As I fucked Jo, I was staring at Kate's sweet tits, and instinctively removed my hands from her arms to feel them. Kate opened her eyes and smiled at me while I kneed her breasts. Her nipples became large and goose bumps appeared as I played with them. Her nipples were calling out to be pinched.
