 For my twenty-first birthday, two of my closest sorority sisters took me out to celebrate. We went to a bar in a somewhat seedy part of town not far from campus, and there, I ordered my first ever "legal" drink. Sally and Jenny and I were getting rather tipsy when the conversation turned a bit raunchy. Jenny asked me if I'd ever been to an adult movie theater.

"Me? No, of course not." Her question caught me completely off guard.

"Oh, Kim, you don't know what you missing." Jenny said. "Danny took me once and it was really wild. Guys were sitting in the back rows and beating off and we even saw a girl give some old guy a blow job. It was such a turn on ... afterwards, I made Danny drive us out to the overlook and ... well ... we had some fun in the back seat."

"My gawd! You're kidding. Right?" I said, somewhat shocked since I had always considered Jenny a bit of a prude.

"How 'bout you, Sally? You ever been?" Jenny asked.

"Well no, but, Mitch and I did watch some of his dad's porno DVDs once -- Mitch said his dad had them stashed where he thought nobody would find them." Sally said. "But you're right Jenny, porn really is a turn on. Mitch I and did it on couch while we watched the movie. Mitch dared me to do everything the girl in the movie did ... it was sooooo hot! I loved it."

"Oh my gawd ... what all did you doooo?" I said, not sure if I was more surprised by Sally's confession, or by Jenny bringing up the subject in the first place.

"Well ... ahhhh ..." Sally stuttered.

"Come ooooon ... you have to tell us!" Jenny insisted.

"I let Mitch cum in my mouth. I never did that before, but I really liked it; I let him do it all the time now. And ..."

"Let's have it!" I said when Sally paused again.

"We did anal."

"Oh that's so hot!" Jenny said. "I never did that but I really think I'd like to try it ... but Danny just likes missionary."

All this talk about sex was starting to get to me; though the drinks were a contributing factor, I'm sure. I was the only one of the three of us currently without a boyfriend and as a result I hadn't been with a guy for months. True, I get off just about every day with my little vib, but it's just not the same. So as we sat there drinking and talking about blow jobs and anal sex, I was beginning to feel a little squishiness between my legs whenever I crossed them. 

Then again, it might have been the frat guys sitting at the bar who were so obviously looking up my mini skirt every time I crossed my legs that was partially responsible for getting me hot and bothered. Though, I must confess, I crossed and re-crossed my legs frequently just to see their reactions ... guess I can be a tad naughty at times.

Jenny tipped back the last of her drink and said; "OK girls, here's what we're gonna do. There's an adult movie place three blocks from here. Sally, you and I are gonna give Kim a birthday present she'll never forget!"

"Oh yes!" Was Sally's immediate response and she chugged what remained of her drink, too. "Come on Kim ... finish your drink."

"Hey listen ... I don't think I ..."

"Nonsense!" Jenny said and grabbed my arm. I took a last gulp of my drink as Jenny pulled me out of my chair and then pushed me towards the door of the bar. I heard a couple of lewd remarks from the frat guys as we walked out and I was beginning to regret not staying at the bar. I am certain I would have gotten "lucky" had we stayed awhile longer.

As we headed in the direction of the porno house, I tried to argue that it wasn't safe given the part of town we were in, and I pointed out that the porn theater area was even sleazier. Sally pulled out a small can of mace that her dad had given her and said she could take care of anybody we might encounter along the way. Having run out of excuses I let my girlfriends drag me to the triple-X movies.

At the theater, we bought our tickets and headed into the lobby. There was a big black guy there collecting tickets and tearing off the stubs just like any normal Cineplex.

"ID, please" He said as he took our tickets.

"Huh?" I said. 

"Ya gotta be 18 to t' get in, sister." So we each retrieved our driver's licenses from our purses.

"Satisfied?" Sally said with a smirk. The bouncer said nothing but gave Sally a look that seemed to say that if she opened her mouth again she'd be out on her ear in a flash.

"Come on." I said, and I pushed both my friends into what I noticed was a horrible and disgusting looking place.

"Geeeez, everything looks so ... so ... filthy!" Sally said, obviously having come to the same conclusion as me.

Sally turned back towards the bouncer and yelled. "Hey, where do we buy popcorn?"

The black guy just gave her the finger.

"Come oooon!" Jenny said, and we all hurried into the theater. We stopped at the doorway to the theater to give our eyes a chance to adjust to the darkness. It soon became apparent when we were finally able to see that the seats were mostly empty -- there was maybe thirty or forty people in the place. A movie was already in progress with naked bodies writhing all over the screen.

Sally let out a big sigh. "Oh damn! We missed the cartoons." We all laughed, but somewhat nervously, not knowing exactly what to expect in the creepy looking place.

"Come on, this row here." Jenny whispered. She had gone ahead a bit and was standing next to a row of seats near the back of the theater. Sally and I went down the aisle to Jenny, and she pushed me into row the she'd selected ahead of her and Sally.

I heard her and Sally giggling as I started to sit in the third seat in.

"No ... no ... keep going." Jenny said as she urged Sally to shove me further down the row. 

I tried to turn and ask what the problem was as I moved down the row, but Jenny just said "keep going." So I didn't see the guy seated in the dark in the middle of the row; I almost fell over him.

I tuned toward him and said as quietly as I could, "sorry." Then I noticed just how scruffy he looked, in spite of the dim light of the theater. He obviously hadn't shaved in days and he looked far older than my dad. I turned back towards Sally and Jenny to protest that we absolutely could not sit next such a seedy looking character only to find Jenny and Sally were already seated. They'd left me the seat right next to the guy as my only option. Jenny leaned across Sally and grabbed my arm and pulled me down into that seat before I had a chance to get past them and escape.

As I settled into my seat, I looked over at my girlfriends and saw they had their heads together and were whispering something to each other. I tired to lean over and break in on their secret conversation and tell them we needed to move, but they ignored me. 

Jenny pointed at the screen and I saw Sally's jaw drop; I also heard Sally suck in her breath -- obviously shocked by something. That got my attention, so I looked up at the screen and saw the biggest black cock I'd ever seen pistoning in and out of some blond's shaved pussy while she alternately sucked two other huge cocks. Like Sally, I too became mesmerized and I soon felt a stirring in my loins.

"Oh my gawd." I said, to no one in particular. As I sat there watching the black guy banging the blond and hearing her moaning and squealing with pleasure, something out of the corner of my eye got my attention. I turned my head slightly to my left and saw that the old guy next to me had a light weight jacket placed over his lap and his right hand was underneath the jacket clearly moving up and down with a rapid motion.

"Oh shit!" I said. I turned to Sally and Jenny and grabbed them both.

"This creep next to me is jerking off!" I whispered sort of loudly, trying to emphasize the severity of my predicament. "We've got to get out of here!"

"Oh geez ... let me see." Jenny said. Jenny leaned forward as far as she could so she could see around Sally and me and she gasped as she saw that the old guy truly was beating his meat. "Oh that is sooo hot!"

Sally was also watching the guy stroke his thing under the jacket and she just giggled. With all the commotion Jenny and Sally were making, the guy noticed us, and, the fact that we were all starring at him. He turned his attention from the people fucking on the screen and looked at us.

"You girls wanna help out here?" He smiled a wicked toothy grin ... straight at me.

"Hey yeah ... Kim ... give the guy a hand." Jenny said, laughing.

"You have GOT to kidding!" I turned to Jenny and protested. While I was distracted by Jenny's ludicrous suggestion, the guy put is hand on my left wrist and swiftly guided my hand to his lap, and the next thing I knew, I was holding a rather large, and extremely hard, cock.

"That's it baby ... stroke it ... just like this." He said and he placed his hand over mine, squeezed tight, and started moving my hand up and down his shaft.

I let out a muffled shriek and my heart raced; I was stunned. I tried to yank my hand away but the guy held it tight around his swollen member and continued to make me stroke his meat. Sally leaned over my shoulder; she was in awe.

"Oh Kim let me watch! Honey this is soooo hot ... make him cum, Kim! I wanna see him cum."

In spite of my initial shock, I really liked the way the guy's big cock felt in my hand and I realized that I was getting even wetter than I had been moments before when I was watching the sex show on the screen. So, I started stroking the guy's dick myself. Sally reached around me and pulled the jacket off the guy's lap so she could get a better view; and the guy just leaned back in his seat and enjoyed all the attention -- moaning a little as my hand jerked his stiff shaft.

"Oh Kim ... let me do it for a while." Sally said after a minute or two of watching me give the old guy a hand job. She slid off the edge of her seat and came around me so she could kneel in front of the guy. Sally took hold of the guy's shaft just beneath my grip on it; so I let go. 

"Oh look ... pre-cum." Sally exclaimed. Indeed a large drop of the clear fluid had built up on the tip of his dick. Sally leaned over and licked it off with a long sensuous stoke of her tongue.

"Hmmmm ... yummy." She said softly. I noticed, as Sally savored the creep's juices, that her other hand was creeping up under her own skirt. I knew what she was about to do.

"Gawd Sally, I can't believe you just did that!" I tried to whisper, but it came out sort of loud. Then I let out a little yelp. Just as I was chiding Sally, I felt a hand placed on my bare leg just at the hem of my mini skirt. No sooner was the hand on my thigh than it moved swiftly up my leg, shoving my short skirt up as it went, until I felt fingers pushing roughly against the lace of my thong panties. In spite of my shock, it felt so good that I instinctively spread my legs wider to provide easier access.

"Oh shit!" I exclaimed, trying to not to be too loud and attract the attention of the other movie goers. At first I was astonished, but as I watched Sally stroking the guy next to me and I felt his fingers pressing and stroking me through my panties I decided what the heck, I might as well enjoy all the delicious sensations I was getting from my pussy. 

"Don't stop!" I told the guy. "It feels soooo good." I could not believe what was happening; how brazen I was behaving, and Sally -- what a slut she was proving to be.

By then, Jenny had moved over to the seat next to me -- the one Sally had vacated to kneel in front of the guy she was jerking off. 

"Oh Kim ... how does that feel ... are you all wet honey?" Jenny had leaned over and was whispering in my ear. My breathing was coming in a series of short gasps and I could not reply to her, but I knew Jenny could tell that I was really getting off on the guy feeling me up.

Next, the guy's fingers pushed the delicate fabric of my panties aside. His fingers dipped in between my outer lips and became very slippery from my copious juices. Then I felt his finger slip up my crack until he connected with my swollen clit. An electric fire coursed through my entire body making my toes tingle; my hips tilted up under their own volition to increase the pressure and pleasure of his fingers. Then he began to pinch and squeeze my slippery clit which made me crazed with lust.

I squealed. I closed my eyes; I threw my head back and felt a hand being placed gently over my mouth.

"Not so loud." Jenny whispered. "You'll have everyone in the theater over here." She said as she attempted to stifle the sounds of my wanton desire. 

But it felt so good. Before I could climax, his fingers left my throbbing clit and went exploring. Down my slit his fingers slithered until the tip of one finger entered me and began a slow and delightful penetration. I just moaned as quietly as I could.

I opened my eyes and turned to look at the guy and saw that Sally was no longer stroking him. Instead, her mouth fully enveloped his cock and she was moving slowly up and down the length of his shaft.

"Keep that up baby and I'm gonna explode in your pretty mouth any second now." He said softly. I was surprised by his voice; I had expected a gruffness that would match his appearance. But instead, his voice imparted a sense of gentleness not wholly consistent with being in a triple-X theater and getting off with a couple of coeds.

I kind of expected Sally to stop sucking the guy off since he'd just said he was about to cum, but instead of stopping for fear of getting a mouth full of cum, Sally increased her tempo and within seconds I saw the guy stiffen and heard a stifled groan from him. As I watched, a thin trickle of cum ran down the length of his shaft where it mingled with, and was lost in, his thick thatch of pubic hair. Sally continued to suck his dick.

When the guy came in Sally's mouth, the tension of his release caused him to involuntarily jam his fingers far up inside my pussy and he hit some place inside me that instantly made me tremble and quiver uncontrollably. My vision blurred for an instant and my pussy convulsed involuntarily.

"Oh gawd!" I yelled. Jenny's hand still gently covered my mouth but it could not suppress my scream of pleasure as I went over the edge. I pulled the guy's hand up towards my hips to keep his fingers deep inside me. I heard voices and sniggering behind me.

"Awesome dude." "Way to go baby ... suck that cock." "Alriiiiiight!"

I came down quickly from my mini orgasm; opened my eyes and turned my head around and was stunned to see we had an audience. Several guys were watching from the row behind us and two of them had their dicks out of their pants, stroking themselves.

"Oh no!" I whispered in shock. But I continued to squirm and manipulate the hand up inside my pussy, not wanting the sensations to subside.

One of the guys in the row behind us reached over and started to unbutton my blouse. In seconds, he had my front completely exposed. His fingers deftly unhooked the clasp of my front closure bra and he peeled the sheer material away from my breasts in one swift motion. Then I felt the exquisite pressure of his hands cupping both my breasts and I relished the feel of his fingers as he squeezed my taut nipples.

"Oh Kim this is sooooo hot!" I heard Jenny exclaim. I turn my head towards her and saw her hand inserted down the front of her jeans, her fingers no doubt working on her own clit.

"What's going on here?" A deep male voice boomed. The big black bouncer guy was walking up our row. He stopped just behind Jenny and placed his hands menacingly on his hips.

Jenny turned around towards him, still sitting on the edge of her seat.

"Oh nothing sir." As she spoke, she paced her hands on his muscular thighs then slid her fingers over the impressive bulge in his pants as she proceeded to reach up and pull down the zipper of his trousers. In one rapid motion she reached in and pulled out the largest semi-erect cock I had ever seen -- he apparently was not one to indulge in underwear.

Before the guy could respond, Jenny had his huge member in her mouth and was sucking and bobbing her head up and down the length of his shaft, though it was impossible for her to get the entire thing in her mouth.

The bouncer said noting more. But I heard a squeal from my left and turned to see Sally writhing in ecstasy. The guy, who still had one hand buried in my pussy, had leaned over and had his other hand up under Sally's skirt and she was twisting and moaning -- obviously in the midst of an intense orgasm.

By that time, I came to realize that I desperately needed a cock inside me. My one brief little mini-climax was not enough and I was getting to a point of frustration where I felt I was going to explode. I pulled the old guys fingers out of my dripping pussy.

I leaned over and said to the guy. "I need your fucking cock inside me!" Sally was coming down from her plateau -- still shaking -- and thankfully, the old guy was still mostly hard so it looked like I was going to get what I so desperately needed.

"Move over girl." I told Sally and she shifted to the seat on the other side of the old guy. I stood up with my back to him and pulled my mini skirt up over my hips then slid my thong down to the floor and stepped of my soaked panties. I felt the old guy's hands as he placed them on my hips; I thought he was guiding me over to his still hard cock. Instead, I felt something wet on my pussy lips and a rough scrapping along my ass checks and I realized he was licking me from behind. There were some seriously luscious sensations as I felt his tongue enter me and swirl around the entrance to my sex.

"That feels wonderful, but baby I want your dick inside me ... right now!"

"Oh but honey ... you taste so sweet ..." He started to protest.

"Now!"

So he pulled my hips down and I felt his hardness under my butt. I moved my body around until I felt his cock pressing against my pussy lips. Then I reached between my legs and grasped his shaft and guided it to my opening. I tilted my hips, then slammed down on him and felt his glorious meat ram deep inside me.

"Oh shit!" He said.

His hands were on my waist, just above my hips. I felt other hands reaching over my shoulders from behind ... squeezing and fondling my breasts. I twisted and gyrated my hips on the guy's dick and I felt the heat of my passion spread though my body. The fire in my belly radiated outward through every part of me. I closed my eyes and threw my head back and luxuriated in the feeling of being so full of his cock, and I also felt the swollen head of his dick pressing on and sliding over the slick velvet walls of my womanhood.

"Fuck me!" I screamed, no longer caring if anyone heard me. "Fuck me ... hard ... hard!" And I started bouncing up and down on his engorged shaft. I heard the squishing of my wet pussy and I leaned forward and placed both hands on the seat in front of me to brace myself and give me more leverage to slam my hot cunt down on the guy's meat.

From the corner of my eye I saw Sally being manhandled by two guys -- they both had their pants down and their dicks were swinging about. Where they came from I had no idea; nor did I care. I could see they had her completely naked in the few moments it had taken me to get my guy inserted in my dripping pussy and for me to get started on fucking his brains out. One of the guys turned Sally around so she was facing the row behind ours and he pushed her down so she was kneeling on the edge of the seat with her body bent over and she was supported by the back of the seat. Her pussy was well presented to the guy that was about to fuck her. As I kept up a steady rhythm on top of my old guy's dick I saw Sally's guy slowly insert his cock into her glistening cunt in one fluid motion, then, he lunged into her while holding her hips tightly in his large powerful looking hands.
