 When I was in college, I got a summer job as an "au pair" for a couple living in Florida. I answered an ad they placed in our college newspaper, and they flew me down over Spring Break to interview. We hit it off immediately, and agreed that I would fly back down once classes were over in the spring. They lived in a beautiful house just outside Miami, and I was looking forward to a summer of lying by the pool while their 1 year-old son slept.

Mary, the wife, was 36 years old, and in great shape for someone who had just had a child a year before. She was about 5'7", with a tanned, hourglass figure. She was extremely conscious of her looks, and spent her time working out, shopping, and going to the beauty parlor. She smoked, which bothered me at first, but I soon got used to it (and even learned to enjoy it myself by the end of the summer!) John, the husband, was about 45, and a little bit over-weight (in addition to having the gold chain and tan look!), but was extremely friendly towards me at all times, and was also extremely generous.

After I had been there about a week, and had gotten very comfortable with the two of them, Mary announced that they wanted to take me out for a fancy dinner for my birthday. This was fine with me, except that I hadn't really packed any suitable dresses for a night on the town. Mary said this was no problem, and that we could go shopping together the next day. Well, power-shop we did, with Mary picking out things for me to try on, and then paying with her credit card as if money was going out of style.

She bought me 3 dresses, a new (and very revealing) bikini, some high-heeled shoes, and even some very sexy lingerie. It was very odd trying on all sorts of things and then having to show them to her, and at some point a low erotic hum started to pass through me as I stood in front of her and turned at different angles according to her commands. I had never been attracted to a woman before, but being on display for her in all sorts of different outfits started to have an effect of me. By the time we got to the lingerie, I'm sure it was very obvious to her that my nipples were erect, and I was nervous to think that she could tell how wet I was getting. If she caught on, she didn't say anything, but she did keep up a steady stream of compliments on how beautiful she thought I was and how lucky I was to have such a nice body. A few times she brushed her hands over me, supposedly checking for fit on different items. This only had the effect of increasing the intensity of the! erotic hum.

At some point we stopped for lunch, and after I thanked her profusely for purchasing all of this for me. She told me how much fun it was for her to play "dress up" with a beautiful young woman like myself, and how good some of the clothes looked on me. I thanked her, and also complimented her on her beauty. She was slowly smoking her cigarette, and after a long exhale she looked me directly in the eye, told me that John thought I was gorgeous, too, and wondered if I would be willing to put on a fashion show for him when we got home. I was pretty sure that there were sexual undertones behind what she was saying at this point (especially with the way she kept up the eye contact), and my "low erotic hum" was buildingand since he was ultimately paying for everything...who was I to argue? Besides that, the thought of showing off in front of her again (AND her husband) was enough to make my knees weak.

So that night, John sat on the couch as I wiggled my way into my first dress - a short, low-cut black cocktail dress. When I came out, I knew he was enjoying looking at my body in the dress, and I made sure to do some turns for him and even give him a good look down my cleavage. He was all smiles, and ran his hand over my hips. I found that I was genuinely getting turned on by John, something I didn't think would happen (he was not exactly my physical ideal, but the mental part was working on me). Mary got me into the next dress, a white one that was extremely tight and extremely short. I went through the same show in front of them, and then Mary said it was time to show off some of the lingerie.

I hadn't thought up until now that this would be part of the show, because it consisted of some very feminine, (and very scanty!) items, including a thong panty. I asked her if she was sure, and she looked directly into my eyes and said, "Yes, show us your beautiful body". When I came back into the living room wearing just a bra and the thong panties, I thought John's eyes would pop out of his head. Once again I was showing off for him, but this time there was no mistaking the fact that I was as aroused as they were. Suddenly, Mary reached under my arms and cupped my breasts from behind, her fingers rolling my erect nipples between her long nails. I could feel her own larger breasts pressing up against my back. Well, I would have done anything they asked at this point, but I didn't need to be asked.

Instead, with Mary guiding me downwards, I sank slowly to my knees in front of John, and reached out to stroke the bulge in his shorts. I looked back to make sure it was okay with Mary, and she was whispering in my ear to go ahead and do it as her tongue played in and out of my ears and her hands continued to knead my breasts. I had never been with a woman before, but her hands were like magic on me, and the day of building erotic energy was reaching a peak. I knew I would be returning the favor shortly.

In the meantime, I had worked John's cock free from his shorts, and took it slowly into my mouth. Although he was a bit overweight, he did have a nice 7" cock, and enormous balls to go with it. I tried to make an erotic show of sucking him, by looking into his eyes as I took him deep into my mouth. Mary's fingers meanwhile had worked there way down to my pussy, and I was pushing back against her hand as my head bobbed up and down on John's cock. Before long, he exploded in ecstasy into my mouth, and I turned without hesitation to give Mary a deep French kiss, with John's cum still coating my lips. This was my first kiss with another woman, but I was so turned on at this point that it hardly mattered to me.

While John recovered, she insisted that I lie on my back so that she could 69 me. I had never gone down on a woman before, but as Mary lowered her muff to my mouth, I couldn't think of anything I wanted more than to get my tongue inside of her and taste her juices. Her flavor was out of this world, and I just tried to mimic what she was doing to me on her pussy. I must have done okay, because we both had crashing orgasms shortly thereafter.

Well, we tried just about every position imaginable that night, and over the course of the summer my education grew. They had some pretty wild parties, and introduced me to smoking, drugs, and "entertaining" many of their guests and friends. But those are other stories!

To Be Continued...