 I woke up first the next morning. It took me a minute or two to patch back together the events of the previous evening but as the details came back to me I realized that I had experienced a once in a lifetime threesome. Within a minute or two Jan and Charlize stirred. The three of us greeted each other with a warm smile followed by a warm three-way hug. I got out of bed, grabbed some briefs and went to the bathroom. When I returned Jan was sitting on the edge of the bed and Charlize had left. Jan and I embraced each other and kissed deeply. I had received a special gift from her last night and my love for her overflowed.

Charlize hit the road, mid morning. She had made plans to spend the day with some of her friends in Boston. Jan and I had planned to head north, as well. We had plans to swing by Ted and Eileen's around noon so we could hit the Aquarium together. We had a fantastic two family day in one of America's great cities enjoying one of its premier family attractions. We didn't share any details of the night before with Ted and Eileen; nor did Jan and I get any time alone because there were kids everywhere. At about 11:30 following the evening news we collapsed in bed snuggling up against each other. 

She broke the ice when she asked coyly, "Do you believe that happened last night?" 

I chuckled and said, "Did that really happen or, was it a wet dream? 

I paused and added, "I'm thinking that something really special occurred last night going way beyond incredible sex. The two of you together were red hot and, at the same time very loving. My fantasies were about making love to both of you but didn't include the two of you pleasuring each other. How did it feel?" 

"The night was as fantastic for me as it was for you," she said. "For a long timeI have wanted you to enjoy another women in our bed. You have been so caring and beautiful with me that I wanted to share you with someone else I cared about. That happened last night. I think the three of us were great together. I never expected that Charlize and I would be drawn to each other but after seeing her naked and aroused I found myself just as turned on as she was. It just happened. I think she must have felt a similar lust and attraction because I didn't sense any hesitation on her part, either. I loved being intimate with her. I thought I'd be ashamed to say so, but I'm not. Her mouth exploring my body was electrifying and my mouth and hands wanted to pleasure her everywhere. They still do."

"I wonder if Charlize enjoyed the evening as much as we did" I said. 

"Oh, I think she did. You fucked her as only you can; you were a mile inside of her and the look on her face was one of pure carnal pleasure. She came multiple times last night." Jan said.

****

Sunday morning, Charlize drove up to Boston to spend the day with Rene. They planned to go to Cohasset Beach where they were going to meet two of the other Boston au pairs. Later in the day they were planned on heading to a club, downtown.

Charlize slipped in a CD and settled in for her 45 minute drive. She had a chance to think about the previous night for the first time. She still felt some of the effects of the evening. Yes there was a bit of a headache from the drinks after dinner but she was more in tune with the fullness she still felt in her pussy and the lingering throb emanating from her clit. She hadn't explored another woman's body before. She always thought that a bi encounter was something her more liberal friends would enjoy more than her. And, although she had imagined what Bob might be like inside her she really never planned on acting on her fantasy. She guessed that Jan and Bob had hot sex she also thought they were 100% monogamous They both took good care of their bodies; she had noticed that, but she never thought she'd experience their touch. 

Up to that point in her life she had only been with two guys. The first was a freshman at the university who was awkward and inexperienced; the other was a longtime friend who had pressed her to expand their relationship to "friends with benefits." She had succumbed to his charms one evening back at his loft in Bergen but she found he didn't have the skills nor the equipment to satisfy her. Bob's touch, last night had disarmed her. Her inhibitions melted away when he touched her in so many new ways. When his demeanor went from tender to dominating she experienced a new level of sexual pleasure. She now wanted more from each of them.

Rene and Charlize spent some time, together nearly every weekend. They had a lot in common. Both were just a year out of the university, had grown up in Scandinavia and couldn't wait to meet the right guy. 

Rene was a city girl . Her parents were both physicians. She spoke exceptional English and exuded a confident and fun loving demeanor. The family she worked for gave her plenty of time off. As a result she had a chance to explore the area and to nurture friendships with many of the Boston au pairs. She was nearly 6 foot tall and very athletic and slim. Her statuesque figure and nordic features complete with blond hair and blue eyes turned heads wherever she went. 

When Charlize spotted her near the water's edge Rene jumped up, ran to her and gave her a big hug. They settled down on a big beach blanket catching up on the previous week's happenings. 

Charlize wanted to tell Rene about what had happened the night before but she really didn't know how to launch into the story. Rene had recently told Charlize about a night she had spent with a guy she met at the coffee shop but that was pretty vanilla compared to what Charlize was about to share.

She started, "Bob, Jan and I got together last night."

Rene said, "What do you mean "got together?"

Charlize shocked her,"We had a three-way."

Rene gasped, "All three of you had sex, no way?"

Charlize told Rene that she was certainly surprised at what had occurred. "Other than a little friendly hand holding with Bob on the trip down to North Carolina and some banter about sexual differences between the US and Norway, nothing ever happened that led me to think he and I, nor Jan and I might end up in bed together. I had only thought about Jan and Bob as parents and friends. It hadn't crossed my mind that they were so, so sexual and so exciting. I've seen Bob's cock bulging against his pants a handful of times but I hadn't thought much about whether he could be into me. I guess I was really naive," she laughed.

She told Rene that she was "blown away" by the intensity of the experience. "The three of us went from being naked in the jacuzzi to having to have each other. We didn't have that much to drink; we just had to have each other. I was instantly drawn to Jan's body. Her breasts were wonderful and they felt amazing against mine. Her nipples tasted delicious and when she went down on me sliding her tongue in and out of my pussy, I nearly jumped off the bed. And, when she moved up to my clit I moaned every time she flicked her tongue over it. When I came my pussy wouldn't stop pulsing." 

Rene jumped in with a question, "How did it compare to pleasuring yourself or to what the guys you have been with did to you? 

Charlize's eyes rolled back, "Rene, I had no idea that sex could be so good- that it could feel so intense. I came in waves and that has never happened to me before. I came three times before Jan told Bob to take over. I was lost in the moment. My body just let loose."

"Bob was really big and really hard, longer and thicker than I have had before. My hand and mouth barely made it around his cock."

"You took him in your mouth," Rene asked?

" Oh yes, the sounds he made were coming from deep inside him. I couldn't handle all of him but I loved trying!"

"After I stroked him with my hands and had him in my mouth for a while Jan told him to lay on his back. I think she wanted me to put him inside of me instead of the other way around. She wanted me to be in control of how much of his cock I could swallow inside my pussy. It was amazing. It took me some time to take all of him but since I was so wet from Jan's tongue and the earlier orgasms I was able to take every bit of it. His cock felt like it would come through my belly button and then he added to my pleasure by running his hands along my hips. He reached up as I leaned back and pulled on my nipples as he kneaded my breasts. I came first, my body writhing in pleasure. I rode him after my first climax until my pussy contracted around him again taking us both to a passionate explosion." 

What happened next, Rene whispered? 

"I was spent. I rolled off him to the edge of the bed and watched the next act as Jan started on Bob. She licked our juices off his cock then she worked her tongue around and around his cock bringing it back to life within just a few minutes. She rolled on her back and pulled him on top of her as she spread her legs. He raised up. She put the head of his cock against her opening and he plunged a mile inside of her in one stroke. He began fucking her very deeply. I moved over her pulling her legs back even further over her head. Her butt was in the air at that point giving me an unbelievable view of his cock sliding in and out of her pussy. He'd slide it almost all the way out rubbing her clit with his crown and then he would plunge it in as deep as he could. She loved it and I think she came twice. He pumped even faster and within another minute or so they both cried out in passion. I let go of her legs and we all crashed. We snuggled quietly and ended up sleeping stacked together."

Rene was blown away by Charlize's account. She had spent a number of Saturday and Sundays with Charlize at Bob and Jan's house but she hadn't thought about either of them from a sexual relationship perspective. She had been with a handful of guys during her late teens and early twenties but all of them had either been selfish and/or inexperienced. None of them had gone down on her and most times intercourse didn't last long. She hadn't never thought about what a three-way might be like, certainly not one involving another woman. She was visibly aroused, joking with Charlize that she was jealous, very jealous!

Just before lunch, Lynne and Melanie joined Rene and Charlize. Lynne was from Dusseldorf and Melanie from Amsterdam. Both were enjoying the US and were living with great families. Lynne was watching two children for a young married couple in Quincy and Melanie had hit the jackpot, watching just one 5-year old. She lived in Marshfield with a very wealthy family who also had a home on the cape not far from the Kennedy Compound in Hyannis. 

The four of them had lunch at Panera Bread. Although the conversations jumped all around, the central theme of their banter surrounded that evening's dance club plans and an upcoming party at Melanie's family's mansion on the Cape. 

The club they chose was very quiet that Sunday night. A couple of guys showed a lot of interest in more than dancing but neither of them made it very far with any of the four. The girls headed in four directions at about 11 as each of them had kids to watch next morning.

Monday evening, about 6 PM, Charlize got a call from Rene. 

"You know that party in Hyannis next Saturday night that Melanie invited us to, do you think Bob and Jan would like to come? I think they'd really enjoy meeting Melanie's parents. Besides after hearing about Saturday night, I think I like to get to know Jan and Bob, better!"

Charlize joked, "You want me to share?"

Then she said, "I'll ask Bob and Jan at dinner. You're right; they'd have a blast."

And, after the party you can spend the night here rather than heading all the way back to Beantown. Maybe we can do some waterskiing the next day; you said you wanted to try it." 

"That sounds good; I'll firm things up with Mel and get back to you" 

Rene called back two minutes later. She said Mel's family would love for them to come. She blurted out, "Ask Bob and Jan tonight, ok?"

****

When I went back to work Monday morning. I seemed to be attacking the day with a bit more spring in my step. My mind wandered back to Saturday night's events a number of times. I'd never been with anyone but Jan. I never thought our love life needed spicing up and we loved each other very much but, I'd have been lying if I didn't admit that I had fantasized about exploring Charlize's nubile 22 year-old kick ass body. And the kicker was that two of my fantasies had been realized. I'd fucked Charlize and I'd watched Charlize and Jan play together. Although I worried a bit that the tryst might hurt my relationship with Jan and Charlize, I was more inclined to think that it was actually the start of something even better. I didn't know what, if anything might happen next. Perhaps, that was it and the night would go down as a lasting memory or, might the night have been a preview of an exciting menage a trois lasting for the remainder of time Charlize lived with us?

I got home about 6:30 and and Jan arrived about ten minutes later. She looked great, as always. Her pencil skirt and tanned legs looked great. Her blouse was open just enough to tease me; I'd bet she had just loosened that last button in the car. She plopped down at the counter with a glass of white wine while filling me in on her day at work. I thought I'd throw some pasta with clam sauce together as long as I could assemble all of the ingredients.

As I gathered everything Charlize came in. The kids were watching TV in the den. She gave Jan the day's rundown. She and the kids had spent most of the day at home as the rain and unseasonably cool temps weren't very conducive to any outdoor activities. I asked about Sunday and she filled us in a bit about meeting Rene, Melanie and Lynne in Cohasset. She said they enjoyed the beach but the water was cold. She reported that Sunday night was a bust. 

I said, "What's up for next weekend?" 

At that she perked up and said, "Oh I was getting to that. Melanie has invited all of us to a big party in Hyannis, Saturday night. It turns out that Mel's parents are very wealthy and own a big mansion with a monster pool. It's a full moon party." 

"Full moon party,?" Jan chimed in. 

Charlize went on, "Yep, and they are expecting more than a hundred people. Mel thought you'd like to go because Hyannis is close and because you'd really enjoy meeting her sponsor parents. We're also a great stopping off point for Rene after the party so she doesn't have to drive all the way back to Boston that night. Please say yes, it sounds as if it will be a blast. Lynne doesn't want to party so she has volunteered to watch the kids, if that works for you." 

I looked over at Jan. She smiled and said, "Why not; sounds like fun. How come Lynne doesn't want to go?

Charlize answered, "She said she's uncomfortable at a party because her English still isn't so great."

Jan and Charlize got a chance to take a run at the lake the next evening. I took the kids out for ice cream down at the wharf as it was a beautiful night- almost a full moon, after all! When Jan got back she gave me a wink and said that she had something to tell me after the kids went to bed. 

We watched TV with Charlize until it was time to hit the sack. I jumped in bed first and a minute or two later Jan came out of the bathroom wearing only a smile on her face! She slid under the covers and covered one of my legs with her pussy gliding her left hand down and around my rapidly swelling cock. 

In a startled whisper, I asked, "What are you up to... and whatever it is don't let me slow you down?"

She laughed and caressed my nipple with her other hand sending an electric shock that went from the hand on my nipple right down to my cock.

She started, "It seems that Charlize shared much, if not all of the details from Saturday night with Rene. She was blown away by what she heard and told Charlize, in jest that she was jealous." 

I blushed and stammered, "What did Charlize tell her?" 

Jan said, "It sounded like she described the entire night in great detail!" 

Charlize thinks that Rene has had pretty vanilla sex to this point and that she'd like to have some real fun.

"Are you ok with this," I asked? "I don't want anything coming between us- not ever." 

Jan squeezed a little tighter and whispered, "Does it feel like I'm concerned, I think I'm just as surprised and excited as you are. I am blown away by how much I loved going down on Charlize Saturday night and I'm looking forward to one or both of them sliding their tongue and fingers inside me. Charlize's reaction to me- her taste, her scent, her touch made me crazy. You know I never thought I'd enjoy being with another female but I have to say I was really turned on. And, the way you impaled me afterwards with Charlize holding my legs over my head had me feeling like you were going to come out through my throat. It was amazing. Does that answer your question?" 

Is this a dream, I thought? I decided that we had talked enough. 

I turned to my left reversing my position putting my leg over her using it to pull her leg towards me. My hand began exploring, starting in her hair then sliding and caressing all the way down to her knees. I teased her by avoiding her breasts and pussy on the way down until neither of us could stand the non-contact any longer. I kissed her passionately. Our tongues entwined and she gasped as I probed her mouth with my tongue as deeply as I could. She muled up against my leg and my probing hand. I collected some of her dripping juices and slid first one finger then two deep inside her. I added the "shocker" by sliding my ring finger deep in her anus. Her hips raised off the bed providing even deeper access and she came when I added my mouth to the equation licking and sucking her swollen clit. She let out a not so muffled, "Oh my god." 

By maintaining all of the "touch points" she climaxed two more times. Afterwards, I whispered, "Would you like the top?" 

"What would you like," she countered?

I rolled her toward me so she could mount me. She grabbed my aching cock, leaned back and engulfed all of me in one motion. She leaned back giving me full access and a magnificent view of her swollen breasts. I reached up, cupping each of them from below then slowly and gently I squeezed her rock-hard nipples. She moved very slowly keeping me very deep inside of her. I moved one of my hands to her abdomen just above her clit and pressed gently with my thumb. She threw her head back lustfully. Her hands, which had been beside her moved to her breasts. She taunted me, kneading them while twisting each of her nipples between her thumbs and fore fingers. I reached around and grabbed her butt pulling me even deeper inside her. We didn't last much longer. Since Jan had already climaxed, she came again very quickly. Her movement and the sight of her pulling on her nipples immediately took me over the edge. As her eyes glossed over with that far away look, I gave in, letting go of my load. She squeezed my cock repeatedly with her pulsing pussy making sure she drank every drop of my essence.

Afterwards, we held each other very close for a long time. Eventually, we drifted off to sleep still wrapped in each others arms.

What would the weekend bring? Would something involving Rene materialize? What might she be like? She was certainly very attractive. I guessed she was pretty close to six feet tall. Her blond hair was cropped very short showing off a very sensual neck. She had beautiful blue eyes and high scandinavian cheekbones. Although very slim, she had a nice round butt; her legs went forever. I wondered if she would be as willing and as supple as Charlize. She had been by the house, at least a dozen times and had eaten with us twice. 

The invitation for Saturday night's "Full Moon" party underlined that it was a pool party starting at 4PM. The band, "Hot Water" would play until 2AM. 
