 My boss, Mr. Adams, calls me a nanny. He's pretty old school about things so I just let it go. I prefer the term, au pair, because it sounds so much more exotic and important. Mrs. Adams is probably the one who has the best grip on reality. She just calls me her "help."

I started working for the Adams' to help pay my way through business college. Then about three months into a graphics designer degree, I decided, "Fuck it." I didn't tell the Adams or my parents I quit school. And since Mr. and Mrs. Adams gave me a room along with my tiny salary, I didn't have to move back home. That was the big thing.

Is there something wrong with a young girl wanting to find herself? I'd been doing what my parents wanted since I was a baby. Well, not totally. I'd done a lot of thing – and guys – that they would have shit hemorrhaged if they knew.

The Adams were a nice young couple, maybe a bit too into money and social standing for my taste, but they were trying to make their marriage succeed and they looked really good doing it. Mrs. Adams was about 5'7" with long silky black hair and dark brown eyes. She'd managed to get her figure back after Kendra was born by spending long hours with her personal trainer, Dan. I used to wonder how anyone could spend so much time working out until the time I saw Dan going down on her in the living room while Mr. Adams was at work. His big shoulders popped out of his tight wife beater t-shirt. His biceps bulged as he bent his arms to hold her ass up to meet his lips and tongue. Mrs. A has a beautiful pussy and I could tell by the expression on Dan's face that it tasted as good as it looked. And her moans from the workout mat told me Dan's talents extended to more than just fitness coach.

Mrs. A reached down to part her wet lips to make it easier for Dan to get in to the sensitive spots where she wanted him. He ran his tongue up her ass to her clit, then tongue-fucked her like his tongue was a tiny penis. I found myself wondering what Dan was packing in his shorts.

Kendra was down for a nap. Mrs. A was oblivious to anything. Dan was centered on Mrs. A's pussy. I was partially hidden in the hallway but no one was looking at me anyway. I quietly unzipped my jean shorts and rubbed my pussy through my panties. They were wet and sticky from watching. I slid one finger inside my panties and rubbed my hard little clit. 

Mrs. A was shifting her hips, thrusting them at Dan and moaning loudly. As I watched, she slid her hands up her body and pulled her sports bra up, releasing her large breasts. She was so much fuller and more womanly than I was. I was jealous of those tits but at the same time I wanted my hands and mouth on them. I wondered how she'd respond if I walked into the room and joined her and her personal trainer. But the job was too good to risk. 

I pulled my finger from my pussy and tasted myself, pretending it was my beautiful boss' juice coating my finger. I closed my eyes and moaned. 

Oooops.

When I opened my eyes, Dan was looking at me. Mrs. A was too involved to have heard, but Dan winked and ran his tongue around Mrs. A's clit.

I slid my shorts down around my hips and stepped out of them. I rubbed my pussy roughly as Dan watched. He lowered Mrs. A's hips to the mat and stood over her. His tight workout shorts revealed the outline of his huge cock. I couldn't help wondering if he and Mrs. A had done this before or if I was witnessing the first time.

Mrs. A sat up and pulled Dan shorts down around his ankles. His beautiful cock bobbed free and hard and she leaned in and took the head into her mouth. Dan moaned at her action but his eyes were on me. I pulled my t-shirt over my head, unhooked my bra and let him see me nude.

He moaned again but whether in approval for what my boss was doing or for my body, I couldn't be sure. I took it as a compliment.

I began to rub my pussy more furiously. My cunt was dripping down the inside of my thighs and I could barely catch my breath as Dan turned Mrs. A's body slightly and then lowered himself on top of her, impaling her on that massive dick. He'd moved her to get a better angle to watch me without Mrs. A being the wiser.

I got bold, stepping out of the hallway, turning and bending so he could see my ass and my sweet dripping pussy as I thrust two fingers in and out. I wished it was his cock fucking me. I wished I was feeling his cock in me as Mrs. A licked at my...

My orgasm caught me by surprise and shook my whole body. I moaned too loudly but Dan quickly covered for me by growling as he plowed Mrs. A's pussy. I could hear how wet she was. Any closer and I'd smell her.

I think it was too much for Dan. He pulled out and Mrs. A quickly sat up in front of him, taking most of his load down her throat. She swallowed it, then kissed the head of his cock.

"That was quick," Mrs. A said. "I must be better than I thought."

I slipped back into the hallway and gathered up my clothes.

I masturbated to that scene, alone and under my covers, for the next few nights. Then one night about a week later, I was tired of my fingers. I wanted a real cock. It bothered me enough that I couldn't sleep. 

I got up to get some milk. I sleep in just panties, so I grabbed a denim shirt and pulled it on, unbuttoned, for the walk to the kitchen.

There was a light on in Mr. A's den. His desk lamp, I guess. I peeked in the open door and saw Mr. A typing on his computer keyboard with one hand. The other hand was on his hard cock that was protruding from his open robe.

Do these people ever fuck each other? I thought.

He was obviously involved in a sexual conversation with someone on the other side of the Internet. 

I knew Mrs. A was a heavy sleeper. That was one of the reasons they needed an au pair – nanny – help – fuck it – ME! When I saw Mr. A stroking feverishly, I decided that being a voyeur this time just wasn't going to cut it.

I leaned on the door frame, letting my shirt fall open, and cleared my throat.

Mr. A jumped and tried to pull his robe closed. 

"It's ok," I told him. "Don't let me interrupt."

I walked confidently over to him, pushed his chair back and kissed him on the mouth. He was still a little stunned, so I opened his robe and took his cock in my hand and started stroking.

"What kind of lotion?" I asked him.

He held up the bottle. I shrugged. "I just hope it doesn't taste funny," I said as I got on my knees in front of him.

I licked slowly all around his bulbous head, then took him into my mouth and tried to get him all the way down my throat. I gagged a little, but succeeded.

When I looked up at him, he was staring down at me with a mix of pleasure and surprise. I pointed to the computer. "Go ahead," I told him. "Finish up with her. I'll just provide another level of realism."

I sucked on his man meat as he got back into the conversation on his keyboard. At one point, his hands left the keyboard and buried themselves in my hair. He started fucking my mouth and, though I'm nobody's virgin when it comes to eating cum, it didn't figure in with my plans for getting fucked.

I pulled his cock from my mouth and stood up. "Take off my panties," I ordered. It felt good to take charge of the boss.

"What?" he asked.

"You can't fuck me with them on," I said.

His hands flew to my panties and pulled them down. I stepped out of them and pulled off my denim shirt. 

I straddled his chair and lowered my already drenched pussy to his turgid shaft. He was hot and hard and felt so good sliding in that I couldn't suppress a moan. I rocked and squirmed on his dick, letting it fill and stir and coax my pussy. His hands and soon his mouth found my firm tits and I enjoyed the feeling of his tongue on my nipple as his cock worked its magic on my cunt.

Before long, his surprise was over. He lifted me up off his cock and, turning me in front of him, took me from behind as I bent over his desk.

He went deeper this way and with his feet on the floor, his thrusting had more power. When his open hand came down on my ass, I came hard.

Mr. A wasn't finished. He turned me around to sit on his desk, legs up and over his shoulders as he drove into me. He couldn't stop looking at my tits. I wondered why since they were so much smaller than his wife's.

"Would you like to cum on them?" I asked him.

I didn't have to say it twice. He pulled out of me and helped me to my knees in front of him. Then Mr. A pumped his wet cock between my tits until it exploded all over my neck and face. I took him in my hand and licked him clean.

"Am I fired?" I asked, a dollop of cum still hanging from my chin.

"Don't be ridiculous," he said. "You just got a raise."

We didn't talk about it after that and I think Mr. A was relieved. Maybe he thought he dreamed the whole thing. I tried to get sneaky and catch Mrs. A and her trainer again the following week but he didn't show up. Instead, Mrs. A was sitting on the couch with a drink. I think she was crying.

"Something wrong, Mrs. Adams?" I asked her.

She wiped away a tear. "No," she said.

"Doesn't your trainer usually come today?"

She sighed. "I fired him."

I didn't know what to say. "Wow," was all I could come up with.

"His...training...got a little strange," she said. "He said he wanted you to join us."

I swallowed. I wondered what else he'd told her.

Mrs. A took a sip from her drink and ran her hand up and down my bare arm. "Guess I can't compete with the young stuff. Can't say that I blame him."

I took her drink out of her hand and sat it on the coffee table. I probably shouldn't have done it but I put my hand on the back of her head and drew her to me for a kiss. She tasted like Scotch but I didn't mind. She made a little noise of surprise but quickly surrendered into the kiss, wrapping her arms around my neck and pressing her tongue into my mouth.

When we broke the kiss, we were both breathing hard. I started unbuttoning her blouse and when I finally got it open, she helped me by taking it off. I reached behind and unsnapped her bra, lifting the cups from her soft ample breasts. I teased her nipple with my tongue before scissoring it between my teeth. She groaned when I did that so I bit harder. Her hands pulled my face tighter to her breast.

My hand slid up her stockinged leg, under her tight business skirt to her damp panties. "I saw you fucking Dan," I told her.

"I know," she said.

"I've been wanting to taste you ever since."

"Please..." she whispered.

She unzipped her skirt and I pulled her panties down her long sexy legs. She kept her stockings on and they felt so wonderful draped over my shoulders as I went down on her.

She moaned loudly as my tongue touched her juicy clit. I flicked it and worked it like I had always wanted someone to do to me. She moved her hips against my lips and tongue. I curled a finger deep inside her, rubbing my fingertip over her G-spot as my tongue pleasured her clit. She climaxed hard against my mouth, then pushed me roughly onto the floor. She pulled off my t-shirt and shorts – I wasn't wearing anything else in the hopes of seeing another show – and settled her pussy over my face as she leaned forward to lick my shaved cunt. I bent my knees to give her better access but it obviously wasn't her first lesbian rodeo. 

She devoured my pussy like she was starving. She sucked the juice from deep in my twat and then started tongue-fucking my tight hole using her hands on my ass to pull me to her mouth in a quick rhythm that was driving me crazy. I tried to concentrate on her pussy straddling my face but the sensations coming from my cunt were controlling my whole body.

"Oh my God...you're gonna make me...I'm gonna..."

Mrs. A sucked my clit between her lips and flicked it with her tongue while she slipped her trim, manicured finger up my ass. My mind exploded in lights and colors and the pleasure spread from my pussy throughout my entire body.

I rolled her over onto her back and turned over her until I could kiss her lips. She tasted of liquor and pussy juice, a winning combination. I rubbed my naked body on hers, luxuriating in the differences in our breasts, mine smaller and firmer, hers larger and softer.

We didn't hear Mr. A until he cleared his throat.

"I came home early to catch you with your trainer," he told Mrs. A. "This...I didn't suspect."

It was perfect timing. I needed a cock. Apparently, so did Mrs. A. We stripped her husband together and took turns sucking him to an eight-inch boner. Then he fucked me doggie while I went down on his wife. When I looked up, their eyes were locked on each other. Both were enjoying their fantasy cum to life.

I came twice on Mr. A's incredible cock before surrendering him to his wife. As she got on all fours and raised her ass in a position of complete submission, I slid underneath her, my tongue on her clit as Mr. A's cock slid in and out of her sweet wet hole.

She spasmed. Crying out, Mrs. A orgasmed from her husband's fucking.

He wasn't far behind her. With a groan, he pulled out of her cunt and I took his seed on my tongue and deep into my mouth. Hot, sticky and tangy.

We collapsed into a tired pile on the floor after that. I ended up getting another raise. Mr. and Mrs. A were a lot closer after that day. Sometimes, I was invited to join. Sometimes, they just closed the door. 

I even got the chance to take a big load in my pussy, courtesy of Dan and his monster dick.

But that's another story.