 It was our last night together. In many ways, I look back on it with regret, we had had so much fun. On the other hand, it was the most erotic night I have ever had, one I will never forget.

We still saw each other at work afterwards, but she never, ever mentioned it, or showed any kind of affection afterwards. I was mystified and heartbroken and didn't know how to ask, how to make it better.

When the DVD arrived, it all became clear. She had just moved on. I was no longer the centre of her affections. It was clearly as hot a night for her as it was for me.

Let me start at the beginning. I'll tell you all of it, all that I can remember.

The Club

We, or more accurately I, decided that we would go to the club that so many had been talking about at work. 

We were both married, but to other people. We are both in our 30s and had been having an affair for a few years. Who I am is immaterial to this tale, it was all about....... well let's call her Sarah.

Sarah is in her thirties, has deep brown eyes that light up her face and draw you deep within. She is 5ft 1ish, brown shoulder length hair, lovely large breasts which she keeps hidden, gorgeous legs and a beautiful bum. A size 14 on top and 12 down below I would guess. She is beautiful and so hot, but dresses very conservatively.

To everybody else, she might appear a prude, friendly but with no sexual overtones. But with me, she was dynamite. 

We left work together and took a cab to the Club in the West End. I won't tell you the name, or where it is, you'll have to discover for yourself. We were both in business attire, Sarah was wearing a simple black dress, buttons down the front, a slit up the back, just above the knee. Black heels. It was summer, so thankfully no tights! As I was to found out later, black bra and small black pants completed the attire. She also had a black cardigan on, as she often did.

We went into the ticket area and asked for a table for two. The receptionist asked if we were members and we said no. She explained that we could go in for the main show, but there was a members only session afterwards at 1am and we would have to leave before that started. She did say though that there was a special charity auction at the end of the main show tonight, which she did recommend staying for.

We bought our tickets and went in.

It was a funny place inside, quite small and intimate. Around 100 seats set at tables of 2 or 4, a couple of larger tables were also set. The tables were arranged around a slightly raised square platform in the middle, so that almost all the seats were next to the platform or one table back. On the platform there was a microphone, a table, some chairs, that was it. It was lit like a stage though and above it at around 8ft from the ground, there were a number of very large TV screens – 8 in total.

We took our seats and settled down to enjoy the evening. There was a singer, who was a bit rubbish, a comedian who made us laugh and a magician. It was almost like you would imagine an old style cabaret to be. We had a meal, I had a couple of glasses of wine, Sarah stuck to her usual non-alcoholic drinks. 

It was a good night, but nothing special. Near 11.30pm one of the staff came up to us an asked if we would like to stay for the special charity auction. We thought "why not", and then she asked if Sarah could assist in handing out some prizes "it's always nice to see a fresh face here' she said. Sarah could hardly disagree, so she politely accepted.

The house lights went up a touch, and for the first time we could see the whole room. About 100 people, some couples, some groups of men and on one table three stunning women. One was late twenties probably, over 5ft 6, blondish hair, tanned long bare legs, pert breasts sticking proudly out. She was with two young brunette girls, both 18 probably, very petite. They all wore short matching red dresses made of a light material and which only covered up half of their thighs, the front was a v cut down to their breasts and I'm sure they weren't bothering with bras. One light breeze and that flimsy material would reveal quite a lot.

Sarah was escorted up on the stage and was introduced by the host, who's name was Rob. She was smiling, enjoying herself and looked great.

The first auction was straightforward, a bottle of vintage champagne. The bidding was fast and it went for £40 to a smart businessman. He went up to collect the prize, which Sarah presented to him and she gave him a quick kiss on the cheek.

Three men, all staff, brought up their chairs and sat at my table with me, one sturdy looking man on each side, built like bouncers. "Hi" they grunted, I just nodded, slightly intimidated.

The next round was for a hotel break for two. Again a man from the same won and went up for his prize. Sarah gave him the voucher and again a kiss on the cheek.

Sarah was getting hot in the lights up there and motioned to me to come and get her cardigan. Rob saw and said, "Sarah is getting warm up here, who would like to bid for her cardigan". I was shocked and made to get up, but the man on my right side placed his arm on my shoulder and said "you just stay right where you are".

Sarah was surprised, speechless, but Rob started the bidding, "£5" came a shout from the back, "£10", "£15", "£20" came the bids from around the room, many tables joining in. Before she realized what was happening, her cardigan had been sold for £45.

The winning bidder was around 55, he came up to the stage, Rob asked Sarah to remove her cardigan and give it to the man with a kiss on the cheek, "don't worry" he whispered, "its all for charity". Sarah didn't know what to do, but 100 pairs of eyes were on her and she took it off, handed it over and gave it to the man with a kiss as requested. The crowd applauded.

"Next up" said Rob, "a French kiss from our lovely assistant here, tongues allowed, 10 seconds maximum". 

The crowd cheered, Sarah look stunned, the bidding started. My stomach churned, this was awful, but exciting at the same time. I decided to join the bidding and shouted out at £20, but one of the three men said, "you can stay if you sit still and keep quiet, otherwise you're out of here pronto".

The bidding rose to £80 and a man went up to collect, Sarah was frozen to the spot in terror, so Rob stood behind here and held her arms by her side as the man proceeded to kiss her lips, attempting to prise open her mouth with his tongue. Under the probing, her lips opened slightly and in went his tongue, just a bit. Few could see it as they were too far away, but I noticed it. "10 seconds is up," said Rob and the man left the stage and went back to his table to cheers from that group.

"Tonight's charity is a very deserving cause" said Rob, "for every £50 in cash which I get in the next 5 minutes, one button on Sarah's dress will get undone. There are 8 buttons, so ladies and gentlemen, if you can rustle up £400 between you, you will all get to see her underwear. There are 100 of you, so that's only £4 each, best bargain ever!"

A loud cheer and 2 minutes later £400 was up on the stage.

Sarah looked scared, trembling, but hadn't run off or tried to argue.

The two 18 year old girls in red dresses went up to the stage and each took one of Sarah's arms and held them up, her body in a crucifix shape. Rob went over and undid all buttons slowly, from the top down, until they were all undone and you could see her black bra and her small black panties.

Again a cheer went up and I began to hear some of the comments from other tables. "Look at those tits", "lets see that bum", "looks like she could do with a proper man".

A shout came from the back "£200 if she gets her fucking dress off".

"Now, now" admonished Rob, "this is an auction, you would want to short change those needy people which the charity serves would you? Bidding please to remove and keep this dress".

Again the bids kept coming fast and one man won at £450.

The two girls kept hold of Sarah as he came to the stage, removed her dress and then asked her for his winning kiss. To my horror, she kissed him, very politely on the cheek and said "thank you". What on earth was going on here?

The screens turned on and there was a camera somewhere in the room, which focused on Sarah's face. She did look hot, standing in the middle of these people wearing just a black bra, pants and heels. The comments got ruder "get those fucking tits out", "show us your arse", and worst "that belly looks like it needs a good cock or two stuffed up inside it". My cock was rock hard. Even if I could stop it, I don't think I would have done, not now. I was desperate to see what happened next..........

"Sarah, can you help us a bit by just popping one foot up onto this chair", asked Rob.

She was bemused but tried to do as he asked, she toppled a bit though, her tits wobbling as she did and she said to Rob "is it Ok if I take my heels off?" "Of course", he replied, thinking that he could auction them to serve pervert later, for now, he wanted to seize the momentum whilst Sarah was still compliant.

Sarah kicked off her shoes and placed one foot on the chair, the other foot was still on the floor. It was a bit of a stretch.

Up on the screens it became obvious why. The flimsy material of her pants were stretched too tight over her cunt and you could just see the start of her pubic hair at either side of her gusset. The camera zoomed in and the crowd seemed to take a collective intake of breath.

"That cunt looks a big one", "I bet those lips are meaty", "look she has a wet patch", came the comments behind me.

"WHO WANTS TO SEE HER TITS???" shouted Rob.

The bidding was furious, £500 was raised quickly and one of the girls removed her bra. Sarah just stood there, topless, nipples proudly standing out whilst 100 people gaped at her gorgeous breasts. She must be a 36 or a 38, either way, fantastic to lick, suck and squeeze. She looked fabulous.

The stunning woman, who's name was Amy apparently, walked up to the stage. God, she was beautiful. She was clearly well known here and got a cheer. She said to Rob. "No bidding for the pants, I'm having them". Maybe Amy was in charge, Rob just nodded. 

Amy walked to Sarah and looked her right in the eyes at a very close distance. They were so close, they must have been sharing each other's breath. 

Then Amy bent down, and removed Sarah's knickers slowly, her face level with Sarah's pussy. From the angle I was at, I was sure that Amy's nose must have brushed against Sarah's hairy pussy. Amy took the pants and walked back to her table. Sarah just gazed at her.

"Turn around Sarah" instructed Rob. She did a twirl and the whole room saw her cute bum.

"That is one fuckable woman," said someone on the next table.

"There are many needy children in this world" said Rob, " you can help some of them right now if two of you pay £300 each to suck her tits, right now, here onstage". That took less than 10 seconds. Two young men, bounded up and handed over the money. They knelt down in front of her and the two girls who were still holding her arms each took a tit in their hand squeezed it so that the nipple stood proud and offered them to the boy's two hungry waiting mouths. Once the boys had latched on, the girls let go.

Right up on stage, within 20 feet of me, the love of my life was getting her breasts sucked hard by two strapping young men. I almost came in my pants.

After a minute, Rob motioned to the men to sit back down. The camera focused in on the engorged nipples, wet with spit.

"Last but one round before the public show finishes tonight. Later for members only, our luscious Amy will show us everything – and a bit more besides. Open bidding, who wants to lick Sarah's cunt??"

Well maybe they hadn't expected it, because the crowd went wild. £500, £600, then up to £800, over £1000. A fat, late 50's businessman paid almost £1500 and proudly walked up to the stage. The two girls pulled Sarah over to the table. They placed her bum on it and then pulled her over onto her back. She was on the table, face up, legs facing the crowd. A camera focused in on her pussy area as the girls lifted her legs high and wide, spreading her hairy cunt open for all to see. Then they each took a pussy lip and pulled it open. Up on the screens, you could see everything. Her stretched open pussy, the pinkness contrasting with the brown hair around it and her clit peeking out, all soaking with her juices. The girls held her legs and pussy lips as the men bent down, examined his prize and then licked furiously at the tasty cunt before him.

Sarah came on the spot. She shuddered in obvious orgasm. So did I. 

The licking went on for 4 minutes. Then Amy strode back up the stage and pulled the man away. She looked into Sarah's eyes again and then bent down and stuck her tongue right up Sarah's cunt. On the camera you could see Amy twist her tongue round Sarah's clit and thrust in and out of her hole.

"Our last round tonight is for the gentlemen only, so hands off Amy and get back to your seat. Our highest bidder will get his cock stroked by Sarah, until he cums over her tits, who's up for that!!!!!" exclaimed Rob.

Clearly, quite a few had already cum in their pants, so the bidding was less frenetic. A 40 year old guy won, went up, dropped his pants and removed all his clothes. The sight of Sarah getting off of the table, onto her knees in front of him was too much to bear, I got hard again. She stroked his cock with one hand, what a glorious sight. It was too much for the guy though, he came too quick with the lamest cum shot you had ever seen, it didn't even get on Sarah's skin anywhere, just kind a few drops on the floor. Quite a disappointing climax, so to speak.

"That's all everybody, the private show will start shortly, tonight's star is our own Amy, with friends" said Rob, "thank you all for coming and could I ask you all to give a big round of applause for Sarah". The crowd cheered, and started leaving. I was lifted up by the three men around me "that means you too mate, Rob will make sure that your friend gets home Ok tonight, you're out of here." 

I was ushered to the door and kind of shoved out in the cool night.

The DVD

Next day, Sarah didn't turn up for work. She didn't answer my call, or my texts. I thought she might be tired after the night before, or unwell. Three days later I was really worried, what had happened? Did she hate me? Was she ill?

On the Monday, she turned up for work as usual, was friendly and polite to everyone, but very standoffish towards me. I must have really offended her, by taking her to that club I thought. I tried to corner her in the stairwell, but she just shrugged her way past me, avoiding my eyes all the time.

It was only two weeks later that I understood. A DVD disk got posted though my door, no cover, just a disk with a Post It on it "I hope this explains. S"

I poured a glass of wine that evening and put the disk in the DVD player wired up to my 40 inch TV. What I witnessed shocked me to the core.

The first ten minutes were a very edited version of what had happened during the auction, it showed Sarah removing her clothes, getting her tits and pussy sucked and giving a guy a rubbish hand job.

The next scene must have been taken after most had left. There were around 12 people there, Amy, her two assistants and around 9 men. Sarah was in a dressing gown on the stage. Rob was still holding court. 

"These 3 are the cameramen, over from the Putney camera club tonight", Rob said "you focus on her head and mouth, you on her pelvic area". To other he motioned, "you have your special camera, only use it when I tell you".

The lights were turned up, loud music started and a title screen appeared. "Sarah", it said simply. Clearly there had been a change of plan about this "private" show.

"Get her in position" Rob commanded. Four of the men removed her gown picked her up, laid her back on the table and lifted her legs up like they were in stirrups. Her bum was hanging over one end of the table, her head was hanging back over the other end.

"Right" he barked "let's give the girl the fucking she deserves. Amy, do you have the stuff, bring it here"

One of Amy's assistant came over with a little box. She gave a nose spray to Rob, who inserted it in one nostril at a time and sprayed once, he then opened her mouth and sprayed it onto the roof of her mouth. Then she got out a syringe and phial of a clear liquid. "Distract her" said Rob and then injected the drug into the fleshy part of Sarah's bum cheek, about 3 inches from her anus. I was stunned.

"What was that for? " I shouted at the screen, at the same time a member of the group asked the same question. "The injection is to help her relax a touch, the spray affects her sense of taste", explained Rob to the questioner, "she'll lap up your cum like you've never seen before and she'll be desperate to have anything at all in any cavity in a few minutes."

With a smile, he joked "lights, cameras, action!"

All the men stripped down, except the 3 cameramen. There were 6 cocks standing upright, all ready to fuck my girl. Two of the men were huge, over 6ft 6 inches and their cocks were massive, not long but wide. Two of the cocks were already leaking pre-cum and they went first. 

One man went straight for it, no more prevaricating. He pushed back Sarah's legs further and then pushed his cock straight up her sweet pink arsehole. It went up in one go, all the way to the hilt. Sarah moaned, she did occasionally do anal, but not first off and not so roughly. He started thrusting in and out, at a reasonable pace. You could see Sarah's belly move each time it went in.

The next man was even less kind. He held Sarah's head and let it dangle back over the edge of the table, so that her mouth naturally fell open. In went the head of his cock, firmly down to the back of her throat, making her gag. He then also started thrusting in unison with the man pummeling her arse. A face fuck was the only adequate description.

Sarah's large tits started swaying up and down as her body took the thrusts. Two other men held them and started pinching her nipples, pulling them out, distending her breasts. Then each of them squeezed each breast with two hands to make the nipple swell up and then placed their mouth over them. I couldn't tell if they were sucking, licking or even biting, but boy did it look good.

The two cameramen were good. You could see her mouth lips and her pussy lips cling to each cock as it was withdrawn. But cameraman number 3 was yet to star.

All four men stood back, from Sarah's ravished body. A title came on the screen "Sarah – A Cock's View". What did this mean I thought??

The 3rd cameraman got his camera out, very unusual. It looked like a test tube, dildo shaped, made of clear glass or plastic with two wires coming out the end. He flicked a switch at the end of one of the wires and a light went on in the tube.

The camera shot changed and you could see very little, just some blurred shapes. The cameraman must then have taken position and then you could clearly see Sarah's face with someone's hand holding her jaw open. In the tube was a camera and a light. Then the tube went in her mouth and you could see in great detail, the inside of Sarah's mouth, her teeth, her tongue, the gums, the tonsils at the back. All lit up by the light and captured on the screen by the camera. It was gross and wonderful at the same time. It must be what a cock would see if it had a different kind of eye!

The camera explored her mouth for a few minutes and then moved to her cunt. First off you saw a different shot of the camera entering her vaginal passage, taken by one of the others, then you saw the image from this outrageous device. It pushed open the inner lips of her pussy and thrust in, past the ribbed area of her cunt, all the way up to the slit of her cervix. Again he thrust it in and out, sometimes going too hard and brushing up against her cervix, causing her to shudder every time. 
