 Previous chapters have been in the incest/taboo category.

The next chapter will be the final one, but having set the scene for another party it needed one further chapter before the grand finale.

I had several ideas for role-play but they would have borrowed too heavily from other stories I've written or intend to.

In the end I decided that in any case a group of swingers into role play probably wouldn't worry unduly about how realistic (or not) it was! So, strangely although the role-play scenario described lacks some credibility, it is probably quite realistic as the kind of thing that people might choose to act out. 

Thanks for your patience and kind comments/feedback so far. I will try to complete the final chapter before too long, but please be patient –I only have limited time available and each chapter takes quite a few hours from first draft to final edit and submission!

_________________________

The next few days I spent on a high. Aunt Anne and I didn't have sex every night, but she did invite me to share her bed each night, and we had sex a couple of evenings and one morning. One evening we shared a shower, with the window and blind closed for safety, which was delightful. The shower gel made our hands and bodies slippery and sensual, and it was fun to wash and caress each other at the same time. Despite one or two slight hitches (it was my first time in the shower!) we managed to consummate our passion standing under the jetting water. 

Another morning she felt sorry for me in my horny state and before setting off for work she relieved me with her hand as I fondled her little breasts through her smart work blouse. She then quickly kissed me goodbye, washed her hands, and dashed off. The hurriedness of it all made it seem very tawdry and squishy.

Each morning and evening we were careful to open and close the curtains and to switch on and off the lights of each bedroom at separate times to maintain the illusion of sleeping separately.

As I did a few odd jobs around her new house and garden it was hard not to imagine her at her workplace. I felt the accustomed twinges of shame as I thought about our naughty secret and imagined her trying to sound non-committal at her desk as others asked how her nephew's visit was going – and about whether she had had a nice weekend!

My phone call home during that week was tricky. Talking to my dad on the phone in the knowledge that in a few hours' time I would be sleeping beside his naked sister was especially shame-inducing, and I was in no mood for sex with Aunt Anne that night. But the following morning we indulged. It was fairly rushed because it was a weekday and Aunt Anne had to go to work. But the relative brevity of our sex – which by now was more like making love – was nevertheless intense.

As I have mentioned before, my shame and guilt troubled me greatly, but at the same time they added to the heady excitement. Aunt Anne clearly felt the same way.

And, as well as enjoying each other, we had the prospect of another party at Bill and Lucy's that next Saturday.

"You must have made quite an impression, James – we only usually meet once a month!" Aunt Anne chuckled. She had also received another text suggesting that she bring along her role-play suggestion cards.

It was even more exciting than the previous time, of course. The previous weekend only Lucy had been aware of my desire for my aunt, and she had in fact helped to engineer its resolution, and had even pleasured herself to climax as she spectated. Aunt Anne assured me that Lucy would have adhered to the "rules" of their little swingers' club, and would not have mentioned our secret even to her husband, Bill.

This all meant that, although we didn't talk about it, Aunt Anne and I would find ourselves in an even greater predicament this time. We would have to decide whether to strive to keep the secret of our mutual desire and of its fulfilment, whether to let them guess, or even – and the prospect both terrified and thrilled me – to come clean about the illicitness of our relationship and maybe even agree to partner each other.

The more I thought about it the more difficult it became to decide for myself which I would rather do. And, as I say, I didn't feel able to talk about it to Aunt Anne.

_________________________

The big night arrived, and Aunt Anne took a little longer to get ready than the previous time, and arrived downstairs with an overnight case instead of just the previous week's carrier bag. She must have seen my puzzled expression, as she grinned and said that as role-play was on the agenda she wanted to take some additional clothes. My stomach gave a churn of intrigued delight. 

She was wearing a blue and green floral print sundress with buttons at the front from top to bottom. She left the bottom two open, which gave modest glimpses of her long, well toned legs. Her dress looked very feminine and pretty, and although its fit was modest, the size and shape of her little breasts were evident. I gazed too at her strong looking legs below the knee-length hem, and to the way the slightly loose fit swung against them and flapped open just slightly and teasingly to her lower thigh. 

We both seemed to feel a little tense on the outward journey, and spoke little. Perhaps like me my aunt was considering the dilemma of the turn in our relationship and how to handle it at the party. She invited me to rest my hand on her thigh as she drove, though, on the condition that I didn't overdo it. So I placed my perspiring hand there, keeping it mainly still but from time to time stroking it and kneading it gently.

A car pulled alongside at traffic lights and, knowing that they could not see, I inched my hand mid way up her thigh and slid my finger between two of her dress buttons. Her skin was warm and deliciously soft. 

Glancing at the oblivion of the adjacent driver I rubbed my finger against her skin. It felt deliciously naughty to be doing this secretly yet publicly – especially as the lady in question was my dad's sister. Aunt Anne caught me glancing at the other car. She grinned, and parted her legs a little further, then took my hand and placed it right at the top of her thigh.

"Give Auntie's pussy a little rub then, James!" she murmured. "You know they can't see or even guess!"

I blushed with excitement, and unfastened the button nearest to my target. We masked what we were doing by not looking down, and by looking instead straight ahead or glancing around as we waited for the light to change. She gave a little gasp as my fingers touched her slit through her lacy panties.

The traffic lights changed soon after. She pulled away, and I withdrew my hand. I nonchalantly raised my fingers to my nose, as if scratching it, but in reality it was to inhale her scent. I placed my hand on her thigh once more and contented myself with sporadic caresses and kneadings. I was hard, and we hadn't even arrived at the party!

We were welcomed by Bill, and stepped inside. I felt more nervous – but more excited, too – than on our previous visit. On that occasion the true nature of the party was sprung upon me after our arrival. Now I knew what to expect.

Aunt Anne and I headed upstairs with our overnight things. We were to use the same bedrooms –separate of course – as we had the previous week. We then headed downstairs to join the others. Aunt Anne had in her hand a handful of small cards. I recognised them as the role-play scenarios. Half were pale blue; the others were pale green. My stomach gave a little churn of excitement and nerves.

It was a warm evening and we all sat outside for a while. A few doors away a family was having a barbecue. Their children laughed, talked loudly and argued. We sat chatting about trivia, but our purpose and enjoyment were far from innocent. We shamelessly ran our eyes over each other.

Caroline was wearing a pink tee shirt that showed off an inch of deep cleavage in her pale skin. Her breasts seemed to fill her tee shirt, and I gazed as they rose and fell under the pink cotton. Over it, under her midriff, she wore a thick black belt that emphasised her waist and ripe bust. She was also wearing a fairly smart navy blue skirt with a modest slit in the back. It flared out a little to its hem. When she crossed her leg she made no attempt to pull her skirt hem forward. I could only see half way up her thighs, but her willingness to show them off to us all was very thrilling. 

Caroline was wearing a calf-length, loose fitting floral skirt, mainly yellow and brown. I would have preferred her in a shorter one, but she was wearing a canary yellow wrap-around top that tied in a bow over her belly. She was evidently not wearing a bra, and although her breasts were only a modest B-cup, they were slightly soft and pendulous, and quivered with each move she made. 

It may have been coincidental though, more likely, it was planned, but Lucy sat sideways-on to the sun. Coincidental or deliberate, the sun back-lit the shape of her bra-less breasts, shining through the loose cotton under them but leaving her orbs themselves in shadow so that their shape was illuminated. It was a spellbinding view, and once or twice I thought I could make out her nipple-ring through her top.

I had to resist the urge to gaze on my Aunt Anne in her blue button-through sundress, and fought back the memory of my fingers poking between those very buttons on the journey down. Bill was wearing cotton drill trousers and a short sleeved tailored shirt. Jack wore a polo shirt and fawn chinos. I was wearing a white, large-check shirt and navy chinos.

After half an hour or so we headed inside. My heart was thumping with anticipation. The vertical blinds of the lounge were open, presumably to avoid arousing undue neighbourly suspicion, and also presumably indicating that nothing much would be happening in the lounge for a while. There were a few cans of beer and a bottle of wine on the coffee table.

Bill loaded a different softcore movie than the previous week's on the DVD player, with the sound turned down. Again the two dice and small sheets of paper were on the coffee table to determine who would partner whom. Lucy kept beaming at me and running her gaze over me to the point of embarrassment, and her nervous mannerisms of licking her lip and of drawing her lower lip under her upper one caught my eye. I knew that they were simply habits of hers, but again to me they seemed very suggestive and erotic.

After a few minutes I was invited to shake the dice. I've already explained how this worked, so won't go into detail. Suffice to say that after some initial deliberation and a statement that Aunt Anne and I could not be together "of course" (at which point Lucy shot my aunt and I a fleeting but knowing look) the shaking of the dice decreed two groups, one group of four and a pair. Aunt Anne was to partner Jack for the first session and the rest of us – Bill, Lucy, Caroline and I – were to form a foursome.

Aunt Anne shuffled the green role-play cards and held them out to Lucy. I guessed that the green cards were for groups and the blue for pairs.

Lucy drew her lower lip under her top one as she studied the card's instructions. Her pale eyes were big with excitement. She passed it to Caroline, who pulled a light-hearted grimace to indicate her sexy approval, and she in turn passed it to me, but put her finger over her mouth as a sign not to read it aloud.

Aunt Anne and Jack were also looking together at the card they had drawn. I watched them as they headed out of the door and up the stairs. I felt almost like a cheated lover as I watched my aunt lead the way and saw Jack's hungry gaze settle on her backside. At the same time I was nervous and excited at the prospect that awaited me. It was a bizarre cocktail of emotions.

I felt another shudder at the awareness that I too had sated my desire with Aunt Anne, as Jack was about to do, and felt a surge of illicit pleasure at the secret known only to the two of us and to Lucy.

I looked at the card that we had drawn again. I hoped it wouldn't seem too corny, but was gratified that when Aunt Anne and I had used one, it had simply turned out to be simply a fun scenario, not a script to be adhered to rigidly. Tonight's role-play was to prove not to be very realistic. But I didn't care, and I dare say you wouldn't have if you had been one of the participants. And, to be fair, it was only intended to add some initial spice to get things started.

Anyway, Lucy walked across the room and stood before me. I watched her jiggling breasts and gazed at her thin lips and dilated, piercing blue eyes, then back to her breasts again, thinking of the nipple piercing with which I had played those few days earlier. She placed her hands on her hips, and rested the sole of her foot on the sofa. Her bare slender leg looked very enticing. I blushed to see her husband Bill looking at it – and he was also taking in my hungry gaze upon his wife's leg. It clearly gave him a buzz.

"Well, she said, beaming at me then looking round at her husband and at Caroline. "We might as well go into the dining room. Unless anyone feels the need to get changed?"

I followed the cue of the others and shook my head. We were all dressed smart-casual anyway. Lucy led the way. Her husband Bill gestured for me to follow her, and he fell in behind the busty Caroline. I sensed that he enjoyed having his wife ogled.

It wasn't really necessary given that they were far more accustomed to this than I was, but the first thing I did upon entering the room was to check that the blinds were closed. Caroline, Bill and I sat down, and Lucy stepped into the kitchen. Bill produced a laptop. Carol sat in front of it; Bill sat on her left and I on her right.

Once we were ensconced he called out to Lucy in the kitchen.

"We shouldn't be too long, love. We just need to get our heads round these figures and to finalise our report for tomorrow's meeting."

Lucy stepped back to the open doorway and leaned against the frame. I found my eyes drawn to the neckline of her yellow blouse and to the half-evident form of her breasts under it. My gaze ran down to the tied bow over her midriff that alone kept them covered. One deft move of the hand, or two, and they would be bared. My manhood began to awaken.

"Okay, love," she replied to her husband. I'll leave the three of you to it. I'll load the dishwasher and make up the cafetiere."

As she turned her back I called out. "Thanks for the meal, Mrs... er... Lucy. It was lovely."

She beamed back at me and ran her tongue over her lips. Her piercing blue eyes seemed big. She was clearly pleased with my improvisation in the role play – she, the apparently dutiful wife hosting dinner for a male and female colleague of her husband's prior to their talking business for a while afterwards while she apparently busied herself with her housewife thing.

"You're welcome, James," she replied softly. 

After booting up the computer and loading some spreadsheet, Bill swivelled and rotated his neck slowly as if it was sore or stiff. Caroline put on a concerned expression and rose from her chair to stand behind him. She started to knead his shoulders with her hands. 

Bill swivelled and rotated his neck slowly in response, and although well restrained by her bra, Caroline's ample breasts rippled subtly under her pink tee shirt. They rested briefly against the back of his head, and I stared at the way his head pressed into her and partly flattened the one nearest me. Despite the sound of footsteps and of mugs rattling on a tray that announced Lucy's arrival, Caroline continued her massage. He smiled fondly at Lucy, who petted his shoulder.

"I always say laptops are no good!" she said to Caroline and I. "They just encourage bad posture!"

"I know, I know," Bill added. "It's not just the posture, though. I'm a bit tense about tomorrow's meeting. It will have to be handled really carefully if we're to convince the directors about the merger. James is quite tense, too, aren't you James? It's his first presentation..."

I nodded.

"Caroline dear, why don't you give James one of your massages – give his shoulder and neck a little workout and drive out some of that tension?" Lucy said softly.

"Good idea, Lucy", Caroline replied. I watched the delicious little surge of her ripe breasts as she stepped away from Bill to stand behind me and felt her hands on my collarbone and she began to work her fingers on me, then inched to my shoulders and the base of my neck. It felt relaxing yet stimulating. She laughed softly.

"Keep your head nice and straight, and don't slouch!" she teased. Then it happened, as I had been expecting, but it still thrilled me all the same. Her breasts rested against the back of my head. And, as she gently massaged me, they pressed and brushed against me. I saw Lucy doing the same to her husband, Bill. The difference was that although her breasts were smaller, she was not wearing a bra under her top, and her orbs moved and moulded more freely and enticingly. She crooned softly to him.

"Is that better, love?"

"A bit," he replied, but he had a twinkle in his eye as he smiled at me.

"How about you James?" Caroline asked.

"The same. I feel a bit better thanks," I replied. Like Bill I began to move my head from side to side a little, seemingly innocently but in truth to avail myself – though in apparent innocence – of the feel of Caroline's adequate breasts. I saw Lucy's hand slide down over Bill's chest and down over his check shirt to caress his slightly podgy belly. 

"I think... I think I know what's causing the problem, love," she confided. She stepped to one side and ran her hands over his crutch.

"Uh-huh... yes, there's more than one tension that needs some relief, I fear!" she said. "How about James, Caroline?" she asked. I thrilled to see Caroline too step to one side and slide her hand down and brush my rising erection through my trousers.

"Yes, Lucy. Yes, he's very stiff and tense – and in need of some relief..."

Summoning my will power I pushed her hand away. I was supposedly the shy young man who was taken aback by the turn that events were taking.

"Don't, Caroline! What... what the hell do you think you're doing?" I asked, even though the answer was very obvious. I quite liked the idea of playing my role as a stimulating starter to having sex.

"Sorry," she replied. "I thought... it's one of the tasks Bill asks me to do. At work and so on. It... it was part of the job description when I applied to be his P.A. – but I was more than happy with the terms. I thought perhaps if you were feeling tense or... DISTRACTED... and needed some relief to help you concentrate on tomorrow's agenda... I... I'm sorry if I embarrassed you..."

I know it doesn't exactly sound very convincing role-play, and it wasn't. But in its own way it was fun, and novel. I watched in feigned embarrassment and indecision as she raised her hands to my shoulders again and began to roll her fingers over them. I saw Lucy slide her hand inside Bill's trousers, and his trousers tented and ballooned, making it quite clear what she was up to. 

I heard footsteps above and realised that Aunt Anne and Jack, Caroline's partner were in the back bedroom that was right over the dining room where I was now ensconced with Bill, his wife Lucy, and Caroline. But even thoughts of my aunt were banished from my mind for now as I saw Caroline's hand mimic Lucy's, seeking my zip and pushing her hand inside.

"Oooh, you're REALLY hard!" Caroline said softly. No way will you be able to think about tomorrow's meeting until I sort this out..."

I groaned as I felt her hand squeezing my balls and my hard length through my boxers.

I pushed her hand away but she just giggled and squirmed it back in again.
