 Writer's Note: This is a story for adults over eighteen years of age about adults over eighteen years of age. While the story line is true the dialog has been compressed for the sake of time and space. Safe sex was not an issue in the early seventies but should be a concern for everyone today. 

*

Linda and I stood at the door waving good night to Chris, our evening guest. When she backed out of the driveway we closed the front door and turned out the porch light. Linda wrapped her arms around me and gave me a delicious kiss; a kiss that also had the hint of another woman on her soft inviting lips.

"I cannot believe I actually went down on another woman tonight," she stated between several kisses.

"What do you think," I asked.

"I loved it; she was delicious. I can better understand why you men enjoy it so much; the aroma is absolutely intoxicating."

After a few more kisses, we moved into the living room to finish our wine and talk more about the evening. Linda was wearing a short, silky gown she had brought for the evening as we cuddled up close on the sofa.

Linda was an attractive brunette in her early forties who's New York based company had moved to Tampa to take over as General Manager of their manufacturing facility. She was a no-nonsense, divorcee with a curvaceous, top heavy body which she tried to conceal with her conservative, business attire. She was dedicated to the job and worked long hours to produce the results that impressed her company. From time to time she treated herself to a carefully screened lover who would not make demands on her valuable time. I met her at a chamber of commerce event and after making sure I was not interested in anything more than a roll in the hay we became fuck buddies. While her life was very controlled in all other areas, her sex life was very uninhibited; she love to experiment. 

Two weeks earlier Linda had asked if I had ever been involved in a threesome with two women; I told her I had on a number of occasions and that they had often included my wife at the time.

"Why?" I asked.

"I told you about my ex-husband and I owning a bed and breakfast inn in New York; I always go up there in the fall to see that it is properly closed and my ex and I go over the books and begin planning for the next season. Almost every year he has hinted that we should get together for a threesome and I usually just laugh it off, but this year he has pressed me several times about it." 

"So you are at least thinking about it?"

"Yes, but I never like to be at a disadvantage when I'm around his wife. I still resent her fucking my husband behind my back; I won't let that happen again," she laughed then added, "I guess I should stop fucking him when I go up to our corporate meetings."

I laughed too, "There's nothing quite like ex-sex. If it works out, you can fuck her husband right in front of her. I just happen to know another pretty woman who has recently experienced her first bi-sexual encounter. Would you like to meet her and get some tips from her?"

Linda agreed; I called Chris and invited her over for dinner the following evening. The dinner went quite well and the wine created a mellow atmosphere so the topic of bisexuality could be discussed openly. After desert we cleared the table and filled our glasses with brandy and we sat back down and continued the conversation.

Chris turned to Linda and asked, "I take it you have never touched another woman sexually?"

Linda replied almost apologetically, "No, I haven't."

Chris raised her glass and took the last sip of brandy then sat her glass on the table. She stood up and lifted her skirt, straddled Linda's lap, and guided Linda's hand to her crotch. Linda looked up at Chris with a sultry smile as Chris held Linda's hand tight against her crotch and began to slowly grind her hips.

"Can you feel the heat and wetness you have caused in my panties?" Linda nodded, "Push my panties aside and sink your fingers in me."

I watched as Linda nervously made the adjustment; there was a faint squishing sound as more of Linda's long, slender hand disappeared out of sight. Chris' hand was no longer needed to hold Linda's hand in place; she unbuttoned her blouse to expose her unharnessed C cup breasts to Linda's lips and eyes then rested her hands on Linda's shoulders. Chris lifted her head, her eyes were closed, her mouth was open as she gasped for breath and her hips continued to grind against Linda's hand.

I sat watching the beautiful sight before me, torn between wanting to take part and wanting to enjoy the ultimate beauty of two sexy women engaged in an intense game of pleasure. I had plenty time to join so I decided to absorb the sight, the sound, and the aroma of the two women.

Chris grunted her way to several orgasms then stood up, "Taste my pussy on your fingers."

Linda did as she was told and carefully licked each finger as she looked Chris in the eyes. Once her fingers were clean Linda stood up, stripped Chris' blouse off, and led her to the center of the table where she removed Chris' skirt and panties. She stood back and admired the nude woman before her then pushed her back onto the table. Linda knew just what to do because on more than one occasion I had done the same thing to her on the very same table.

Linda pushed Chris' legs up and open to gain complete access to the beautiful pink cunt just barely hidden in the patch of light brown pubic hair. She began to kiss the thick, puffy vulva before exploring the pink inner lips glistening with the creamy nectar. Linda slipped two of her long, slender fingers into Chris' rear entrance then placed her thumb into the juicy well here her fingers had been just minutes before. Chris' hips bucked forward when Linda's tongue flickered over her long sheathed clit. 

Chris' hands went to the cone shaped, light brown nipples which decorated her grapefruit sized breasts; her fingers pulled and pinched them repeatedly as Linda's long, slender fingers slid in and out of her tight rear entrance and her mouth kissed and sucked the almost penis shaped organ cascading from the top of Chris' slit. Within minutes Chris' body shook and jerked uncontrollably; her hands pushed Linda from between her legs, her body became rigid, she trembled. Linda stood up and began removing her blouse then tossed it on the table. Chris watched in awe as Linda moved her hands behind her back and unfastened the engineering marvel that held her double D breasts in place. Chris smiled and cooed as Linda leaned forward and lightly rubbed her tea cup sized, pink areola and thick, long nipples along her thighs.

I sipped my brandy and watched Linda lower her skirt to the floor then pose for us to enjoy the sight of her standing in only her black panties, matching garter belt, stockings and heels. There was nothing frilly or sexy about Linda's support bra, but everything else was sheer and lacey to show off her curvaceous body. She lifted Chris into a sitting position on the table and wrapped her in her arms; their mouths tried to devour each other, their fleshy mounds spilled over their slender sides.

"I want to taste you," Chris gasped between kisses.

Linda gently lower Chris back to the table then peeled off her sheer, black panties and tossed them to me. In a flash, it seemed, Linda was out of her heels and straddling Chris' face. Chris' hands went immediately to the large, fleshy melons dangling above her as her tongue darted out and into the patch of light brown pubic hair. Linda lowered her hand and entangled her fingers in Chris' brown curly tresses lifting her mouth to where it could do the most good. Chris' hands fell from the large, fleshy melons to Linda's full, round cheeks; with a slight outward pressure the cheeks opened and exposed the tightly puckered, brown orifice surrounded by whiffs of pubic hair leading to the pink slit where Chris' mouth and tongue worked feverishly to bring pleasure to the sexy woman above her. What Chris didn't know was that Linda was capable of experiencing multiple orgasms, one after another and could go on for hours.

Linda didn't over work her first female lover; she moved down between Chris' open legs with her legs open and over top of Chris'. I poured them a couple fingers of brandy and moved my chair beside the two naked women sitting on my dining room table. They sipped their brandy, talked, and joked a while then Linda took Chris' grapefruit sized breasts in her hands and rubbed her nipples over her own. Within a few minutes of nipple rubbing both women set their glasses down, moved closer, and began rubbing their pussies together. After a few orgasms they went back to sipping their brandy before beginning the process all over.

My patients were rewarded by both women taking turns riding my cock and face until my nuts were completely drained of the semen they had worked so hard to store for just such an occasion. Chris needed to be up early in the morning so we returned to the dining room to find her clothes and help her redress; we promised we would get together again.

Linda called me two weeks later and invited me to join her on her trip to New York to meet with her ex-husband, Peter and his wife, Lena for their annual meeting to go over the finances of the bed and breakfast they owned together.

"I told Peter and Lena that I was not interested in joining them for a threesome, but that I would be interested in bringing you along and our having a foursome together; they agreed. What do you think?"

I didn't have to think long about the invitation; the Finger Lakes Region of New York in the early fall and a foursome with Linda's ex and his pretty wife. How could I go wrong? On Friday we flew into Rochester and rented a car to drive the hour and a half to their bread and breakfast inn overlooking the lake. Lena was there to welcome us and we exchange friendly hugs and kisses.

"Peter won't be here until after work. About five thirty I guess."

Lena was a slender woman a few inches taller than Linda and about ten years younger; early thirties, I would say. Her hair was pulled back into a pony tail displaying a long inviting neck and sexy ears; strands of her blonde hair fell loose near her pretty face. The short pleated skirt she wore showed off the rather long, shapely legs and nice round ass while her low cut, long sleeved, merino wool sweater clearly indicated a small chest capable of filling a B cup bra at best. That was not a problem for me; a nice ass and long legs always trumps big tits. 

As she almost always does, Linda took charge and began to direct everyone about where they would sleep and what to prepare for dinner; Lena seemed happy to fall into the submissive role, maybe that was her key to Peter's heart. I sat and watched as both women worked to put together and Italian meal that only had to be put in the oven when Peter got home. We poured large glasses of wine from a local winery and moved out on the deck to enjoy the view of the lake and the color of the autumn leaves.

After some beautiful scenery and catching-up conversation we turned away from the lake and huddled our backs against the deck rail to ward off the autumn chill as the sun sank lower on the horizon.

Linda looked at Lena, "So tell me, whose idea was it for our having a threesome?"

Lena laughed nervously, "Well, Peter has mentioned it sort of jokingly for several years, but I always ignored him. This year, when it came up again, I said sure; he almost fell over," She laughed again.

"So you were just teasing him?"

"No, I was serious. I recall last year when you were here and we changed clothes in the boat house to go swimming; I like seeing you nude and have had some very pleasant thoughts about that experience."

"Tell me about your thoughts," Linda said as she brushed strands of the blonde hair out of Lena's face; it was neither a command nor a request, only something Lena should do.

Lena was clearly nervous, she twisted her arms in front of her and shifted from foot to foot, "I've thought about us being nude together, touching each other, and even kissing each other."

Linda kissed her cheek, "Those are some nice thoughts; very naughty, but nice thoughts. You should write me the next time you have them." Then she asked, "Do you think you are ready to turn your thoughts into reality this weekend?"

"I think if you help me I am."

Linda took Lena's face in her hands and kissed her fully on the mouth; Lena melted against her. I turned to face Lena's back and began kissing her bare shoulders and neck; I placed my hands on her hips and immediately felt her sweet, round ass push against my lap. The girls continued kissing without pause; I lowered my hands to the hem line of Lena's skirt and lifted it slowly upward. As my hands moved of the silky fabric of her bikini panties I wondered what color they were but I wasn't about to break contact with her warm body. A few minutes later we heard a car coming up the driveway; we parted and composed ourselves to meet Peter. I was hoping my swollen cock would deflate in the cooling air so that it would not be obvious to Lena's husband and Linda's ex-husband that I was a rude guest.

Peter was a nice looking fellow in his forties; he had a pleasant smile and a receding hairline. He was about five-eight or nine, maybe one seventy, and trim. Linda had always told me that he was a "pretty good fuck" and that he was neither well endowed nor lacking in equipment. 

"If anything, his biggest short coming is that he often thinks with his dick instead of his brain," she would say laughing.

We shook hands, "Thank you for extending me an invitation to join you guys. I hope I didn't throw a wrench into your plans."

"Not at all, we have wanted to expand our horizons a bit so this works out perfect."

Linda spoke up, "Boy that's a change."

Peter and I stood beside each other with our backs to the deck rail. The sun had set and there was only the orange glow of the sunset for light. Lena excused herself to use the restroom and Linda moved in front of us smiling a sexy smile. I reached out and rubbed the back of my fingers against the front of her blouse about where her nipples would be. I knew her nipples would not imprint against the thick fabric of her support bra, but I knew they would start a stirring in her lacy white panties. Her smile turned from sexy to sultry as her ex-husband joined in the action.

Linda wasn't one to sit on the side lines; she quickly moved her hands to our crotches to feel our growing interest. She added a few kisses each then lowered the tabs on our zippers. I immediately felt her cold hand around my warm growing cock; Peter jumped when he felt her cold hand.

"I've always wanted to hold two hard cocks in my hands at the same time."

Peter commented, "I had no clue."

We heard Lena coming through the dining room toward the sliding door to the deck; Linda turned around so she would be facing Lena with a hard cock in each hand. In the fading light she could see clearly as to what Linda was doing until she asked.

Lena announced, "I put the manicotti in the oven and set the timer," before stopping dead in her tracks.

Linda asked, "Have you ever held two hard cocks in your hands at the same time?"

Lena put her hands to her mouth, shook her head, and laughed, "No I haven't. 

As Linda passed her ex-husband's cock to his wife's hand she told her, "You will have to ask your husband if you can hold a stranger's hard cock in your hand." 

Lena slowly stroked her husband's cock in her hand and asked, "Can I hold a stranger's cock in my hand?"

When he began to tease her, "Well I don't know...." She quickly tightened her grip on his cock, "Alright, alright! You can hold a stranger's cock in your hand."

Lena turned the joke on him; "Even if it is very large?" she asked teasing him and stroking his cock.

Resigned he replied, "Yes, even if it is very large."

Linda transferred my cock to Lena's hand for her to admire. Lena knelt down for a closer look then smiled up at her husband and planted a kiss on the head of his uncircumcised cock; then she looked carefully at the shiny, purple head of the cock in her other hand then planted a kiss on it. Linda moved out of the way and Lena moved her hands closer together, both engorged cocks touched then felt Lena's warm lips.

Lena looked at Linda, "I could use your help; Peter has told me you give great head."

Linda took Peter's cock in her hand, as she had done many times before, pushed his foreskin back, and lowered her head; Peter moaned softly and placed his hand on her head as her warm mouth engulfed him. Lena watched her husband's cock disappear into his ex-wife's warm, wet mouth before lowering her head on a stranger's engorged cock. I smiled and reached behind her head to her pony tail as my cock disappeared into her warm, wet mouth. I think it was Linda who first mentioned the buzzer on the stove was going off; Lena quickly disengaged from my cock, gave it one last kiss, and went into the kitchen. Peter moaned loudly as Linda removed her ex-husband's cock from her mouth and joined his wife in the kitchen; Peter and I were left standing in the cool evening air with shrinking cocks hanging out.

During diner the conversation was all about what had brought us all together; sex was the common denominator. Sex had motivated Linda and I to invite Chris over for a threesome, sex had motivated Peter to suggest a threesome with Linda to his wife, and sex had motivated Lena to explore her husband's attraction to his ex-wife. Peter and Lena wanted to know all about Linda's first threesome a few weeks earlier; both were visibly aroused listening to her describe the event.

Lena almost put a damper on the evening when she looked at Linda and announced, "I told you the truth earlier about seeing you nude in the boat house last year, but there's more to it than that. I know you and Peter have been seeing each other when you come up for your meetings. I saw both of you at the Sheraton back in the spring and when Peter got home that night I was waiting at the door for him." 

Peter was almost turned white as he listened to his wife tell his ex-wife about their infidelity.

Lena continued, "Peter can never pass up a blow job so when I took his cock out there was dried semen on it and I could smell your aroma. I put him on the floor in the foyer and climb on top of him; I was angry at first but the more I thought about him fucking you, the more excited I got. I had one of my best orgasms ever."

Linda tried to speak up but Lena placed her hand on Linda's thigh and struggled to take charge, "From now on if you are going to fuck my husband I'm going to be there; of course you can also bring Will with you," she chuckled and everyone let out a sigh of relief.

Linda placed her hand on top of Lena's and said, "That's a deal. I guess I have always resented you for fucking my husband behind my back and wanted pay back."

The two women looked at each other then leaned closer and kissed. Peter's color returned to normal and the chilly, fall evening began to heat up. Linda took charge and pulled her ex-husband's wife on to her lap; the young wife's long, shapely legs straddled the mature ex-wife whose hands quickly disappeared beneath the soft, merino-wool sweater of the submissive, younger woman. Peter watched in awe as his wife and ex-wife engaged in a lustful embrace; his dream fantasy was unfolding into reality right before his eyes.

The front of Lena's sweater was pushed up as Linda's fingers and mouth played with the pink, cone shaped nipples of her B cup breasts.

"I wish I had more to offer you," Lena murmured.

Linda encouragingly replied, "Size makes no difference; function is what counts and from the way you are wiggling your sweet ass I would say your breasts functions perfectly."
