 Ava had also received the text from Declan about the after party but wasn't quite ready to finish her own party yet. With Dylan and Caleb both hungry for her attention, she knew she would have to make a decision soon. Or did she? Couldn't she have both boys? 

After putting away her phone, she looked from Caleb to Dylan. 

"We can stay here or go back to mine?" she proposed confidently, finishing off the dregs of her drink. 

"Are you talking to me or him?" the two guys said at the same time. 

"Both of you," Ava grinned elatedly "If you can handle it?" 

Dylan's raised an eyebrow impishly. Caleb looked less certain. 

"As in, a threesome?" he asked in a hushed voice. 

"Yes, as in a threesome," Ava rolled her eyes "Or you can just sit and watch?" she joked, feeling as Dylan slipped his arm around her waist, his lips finding her neck again. 

"You're not gonna pick?" Caleb objected. 

"I want you and him," she moaned as Dylan's gripped tightened "But like I said, if you can't handle it that's okay. I'm sure there are plenty of other girls here like me - jokes," Ava laughed smugly, nuzzling her face against Dylan's; he certainly wasn't shy. 

"No - no, okay, sure, cool, let's do this," Caleb said looking from an amused Dylan to an excited Ava. He, on the other hand, was neither. But he wasn't about to miss out. 

Ava hadn't realised how awkward a threesome would be until they were alone in her dorm room. Evelyn's bed was a mess and it was obvious she and Flynn had only left minutes beforehand. Confidently, Ava led the two boys into her dorm and was cautious to lock the door behind her. She didn't want any interruptions. If anyone had asked her whether she was nervous, she would have flatly denied it. Nevertheless, her heart was galloping in her chest as she approached the two boys. 

She sat down on the bed and took a swig of vodka searching the boys up and down. While Caleb was stood anxiously glancing around the room, Dylan's eyes never left her. 

"So, how do we-," Caleb asked nervously. 

He was interrupted by the sight of Dylan pulling Ava to her feet. With a grin of excitement on her lips, Ava stood and watched as he pulled off his thin green top to reveal his Greek God muscular torso. Ava had to take a second look as Dylan chuckled under his breath. 

"My god," she said, suddenly flustered. 

"Your turn," Dylan smirked. 

Ava raised a single eyebrow unable to contain her delight. With Dylan and Caleb both watching, she began to unzip her dress. As she did, she felt breath return to the rest of her lungs; her dress had been so constricting. Her breasts were the first to fall from her dress; a simple black strapless bra holding them up. Once the zip met the bottom, the dress fell away from her leaving Ava in just her underwear. 

"Next," Ava looked to Caleb who seemed to be enjoying the show but hadn't realised what it all meant. 

"You want me to get naked?" he hesitated. 

"That's sort of the point," Dylan grinned, stepping closer to Ava; one hand caressing her bare stomach and the other disappearing into her hair. All the while, his tongue ran across her neck making her shiver. 

"Oh right - oh okay - sure," Caleb quickly unbuttoned his shirt and dropped it to the floor. He looked back to Ava and Dylan. 

"Your turn," Ava bit her lip as her eyes ran down his spectacular ripped body to his boxers; the only other item of clothing he was wearing. 

"I don't think so," Dylan said coolly. With a flick of his hand, Ava's bra clipped open and dropped to the floor making her giggle. Dylan, his eyes alight with hunger, guided Ava back to the bed. She dropped to the edge and watched intently as Dylan slipped off her shoes and ran his fingers up her legs. Subconsciously, Ava held her breath as his hands reached the hem of knickers. Shivering, she allowed him to pull down her underwear and before she could react or say anything, Dylan was parting her legs and kissing up the inside of her thighs. 

Leaning back on her elbows, Ava watched Dylan between her legs, his tongue finally reaching her clit. She let out a long, loud satisfied moan, bending and parting her legs further as Dylan's tongue skilfully got to work. Ava wished she could stay there forever. 

Just as she was getting into it, Dylan's one hand grasping her ankle and the other's finger penetrating deep inside of her as his tongue swirled around her pussy, she caught sight of Caleb. He was stood motionless watching. This annoyed Ava. Only for a moment. It occurred to her that some boys clearly couldn't handle her. 

"Oi, this ain't a free show. Are you in or are you out?" Ava called out to him, snapping him out of his stare. Dylan stopped and glanced over to his new friend who was looking from him to Ava. 

"I don't even know where to begin," Caleb stammered. 

"Why don't you come over here and I'll show you?" Ava grinned, beckoning him over. 

Dylan disappeared between her legs again as Caleb made his slow approach. Tentatively, as not to spook him, Ava tugged him closer by his belt loop. She bit her bottom lip and hinted to his crotch, where he could hardly hide his hard on. 

"But-," Caleb began. 

"But what?" Ava fluttered her eyelashes then moaned. Dylan's thumb was now rubbing her clit in circles, switching his tongue to her pussy. 

"I'm not sure I can do this," Caleb muttered, looking down to Dylan who was oblivious. 

"Fine, leave," Ava shrugged; she didn't care either way. Teasingly, she ran her fingertips over his bare stomach down over his erection pressing out of his trousers. Caleb shivered and groaned. Next thing Ava knew, he was unbuttoning his trousers and pulling out his cock. Ava grinned hungrily. Since she first saw these two boys she knew she had to have them. 

Carefully, she slid Caleb's cock into her mouth listening and feeling as he relaxed. Ava, on the other hand, couldn't relax. Ava began to quake with pleasure, dropping her arms from Caleb's sides and laying back. Still with his cock in her mouth, Ava closed her eyes and sank into the moment. She knew this happiness would fade as soon as her orgasm did. And just as she was relaxing, she felt Dylan move away causing her to open her eyes. 

For a second, she thought he'd had enough. But as she watched, Dylan took down his boxers and grasped her legs. Ava couldn't help but lose Caleb's cock from her mouth as she gaped down at Dylan's. She could hardly drag her eyes away from Dylan's amused green eyes as he kissed down her legs, his hands finding her hips. Caleb was inching himself forward again, trying to bring the attention back to him but how could Ava focus on him when Dylan - Dylan - was between her legs. She wanted to bat Caleb's cock away as Dylan moved closer, his legs parting hers. Her chest rose and fell quick with anticipation, her eyes fixated on him as he grinned back at her. All the while, Caleb was trying to push his cock back into Ava's mouth. She had been about to tell him to leave when Dylan leant forward and kissed Caleb passionately on the lips. 

Ava gasped with shock as Caleb fell backwards. Dylan stayed between her legs, looking confused.

"Why'd you do that?!" Caleb shouted from his spot on the floor. 

"It's a threesome. It's what you do in a threesome?" Dylan shrugged, his hands resting on Ava's bent knees.

"No you fucking don't! You keep your eyes averted from each other's cocks and stayed at two different ends at all times," Caleb leapt to his feet and began to pull on his clothes "I ain't gay!"

"Calm down! I just assumed as you went to SSC that you were up for anything. I'm not even bisexual but the lady wants what she wants," Dylan winked down at Ava playfully. She giggled watching as Caleb, furious, stormed to the door. His neck was red with embarrassment as he fumbled with the lock. 

"Yeah well sorry Ava, but this isn't me," Caleb sighed, opening the door and taking one last look at her naked body sprawled out on the bed "Trust me when I say I wish it was."

At that, he closed the door behind him leaving the two alone. 

Ava turned her focus back to Dylan who was restraining a mischievous smirk. She sat up and peered into his entertained eyes. 

"You did that on purpose," she said. 

"How dare you accuse me of such a thing," he said, faking his shock. 

"You do know now there's only one of you, you'll have to work extra hard to make up for it?" Ava teased, running her hand indulgently across his chest. She gasped feeling each hard muscle tense under her fingertips. Dylan leant closer until their faces were inches apart. 

"Oh Ava, you've been underestimating me all night," Dylan whispered, his hot breath tickling her cheeks. 

"Is that right? How do I know the better guy didn't just leave?" Ava leant back onto her elbows. Dylan stayed above her, propped up on his hands either side of her, one knee between her legs. 

"You don't. But Caleb would've held me back. A girl like you needs every ounce of my concentration," tenderly, Dylan kissed her lips. It was such a delicate kiss, Ava was taken back. This was just sex after all and no one had kissed her that way since Scott. She stared into his eyes searching for the meaning when Dylan chuckled. 

"Lie back, Ava and I'll show you I was the right choice."

Ava did exactly that as Dylan slipped on a condom, lifted one of her legs up onto his shoulder as he leant down to kiss her again and slid his cock inside of her. She had to catch her breath as he pressed deeper, his cock stretching and stroking her pussy. 

Ava clutched his shoulders to steady her shaking her limbs as the pleasure consumed her. Dylan continued to grin down at her watching her face contorting as she moaned. Ava felt as he sped up, her pussy easing to the size of his cock. She usually hated smug boys but Dylan had every right to be smug. She pulled him closer, longing to taste his lips. She wanted to feel him kiss her again. That kiss that had penetrated even deeper than his erection. One of his hands were lost in her hair as he pumped his hips back and forth, gradually getting faster and faster. His other hand stayed grasping her leg, keeping her close to him. His lips moved to her hot neck, moaning, sucking and nibbling. Ava laid back her head gasping for air as her body was overwhelmed with emotions. The intensity of his kisses was enough to make her head spin. Every thrust of his hips sent her rocketing into ecstasy. Everything he did, from his fingertips caressing her skin, his teeth nibbling at her neck to firm, secure hold on her thigh drove Ava wild. Dylan was a real lover. And in those wee moments between moans, gasps for air and toe-curling pleasure, Ava had barely enough time to compare Dylan and Scott. And if she did, there would be no comparison. Dylan made her feel like a queen. 

And just when she thought she would have to change her mind as Dylan flipped her onto her tummy and grasped hold of her hips to put her into doggy position, he continued to surprise her. Instead of pushing her head down and treating her like a common animal, he straightened her up until her behind grazed his cock and her back rested against his torso. Ava looked over her shoulder to see Dylan grinning breathlessly back at her. With ease, he slipped back inside of her while his hand reached down between her legs and the other clutched her breasts fondly. Ava could hardly hold herself up as the pleasure consumed her once again. Luckily, Dylan had got her and he wasn't letting go. 

She continued to stare back at him, relaxing against him as he thrust upwards, his cock sending ripples of bliss throughout her trembling body. His fingers rubbed her clit in delicate circles; all the while he never stopped watching her. Ava was struck by this and as much as she wanted to turn away in embarrassment, she couldn't do it. It felt like a crime to stop staring into his stunning eyes; to tear away from his intense gaze. She felt exposed, as if he could read her like a book. And for once, that was okay. Ava didn't fight it. She continued to stare into his eyes as Dylan pumped his hips faster until she was screaming his name. Until a magnificent orgasm washed over her. She hung limply in his arms as she luxuriated in her orgasm, listening as Dylan moaned her name into her neck and came inside of her. Ava sunk her teeth deep into his neck, one arm around his neck as she twisted in his hold. Breathless, sweaty and exhausted, the two collapsed in a heap on the bed. 

"Definitely the right guy," Ava giggled making Dylan laugh beside her. 

"Definitely the right girl," Dylan murmured with a smile on his lips. With a simple tug of his arm around her waist, Ava was on top of him resting her head on the warmth of his dark hairy chest. And finally, she let go.