 Long weekend vacations are nice. Exactly what you need to mentally unwind. By taking Thursday and Friday off last week, I had four days of relaxation and enjoyed it very much. Work Monday morning came far too quickly, but even that was a nice change from the weekend so I can't really complain too much. 

Wendy was a bit late coming in, and seemed a bit odd when she said hi. She seemed embarrassed for some reason and just sat at her desk doing some paperwork. Usually, our service tech intern is very outgoing and friendly, and first thing in the morning will take a trip around the office and see who needs a bit more of a morning perking up beyond their first cup of coffee. She usually logs a dozen oral calls in the first 90 minutes on a Monday morning. She was also dressed more conservatively usual. I had talked to her about dressing down a bit last week, and she seemed reluctant to do it. She enjoyed her low cut blouses and short skirts, saying that both helped give her easy access when Servicing someone. She wasn't even wearing her normal high heels to show off her legs.

I started to get worried that someone had taken someone had taken advantage of my being gone and done something they shouldn't have. A quick check over the service logs from Thursday and Friday showed a lower-then-normal number of calls. And then I noticed that the number was slowly going up. She must have been busy last week if she had gotten behind on her activity report.

"How were things while I was gone?" I asked her. She was startled from her typing, and answered quietly "Um... it was busy. There were a lot of Servicings. I'm still getting caught up with logging them."

"So I see. Any problems?"

Wendy turned red and couldn't look me in the eye as she said "Well.. no real problems. Everything went well. I serviced everyone that came in. The only kinda problem was... um... I ah... kinda ... lost control." The blush deepened, and she said very quietly "And it kinda happened so that everyone knows about it."

Ah. Now I understood why she was uncomfortable. One of the important aspects of Servicing is that you are there for your partner's enjoyment and release. Not your own. For most male service tech, reaching orgasm means that you need a set refractory period before you can begin Servicing again. For female service techs, they can grow over-sensitive and need a cooling off period. So you make an effort to control your orgasm, so you aren't a limiting factor in the Service. That control is fairly legendary among the profession, and it is not unusual for someone to make an effort to cause the tech to lose it. Making a tech orgasm is huge bragging rights for the person responsible.

Of course, there are exceptions. Sometimes, someone will request that they be allowed to felate a service tech to orgasm. They enjoy the sensations and the act, or the taste. So that is different, though uncommon. 

Wendy's losing control definitely is a bit of embarrassment for her. Making a service tech orgasm is like being able to correct the IT person on a computer issue, or tell an auditor they made a mistake. It is being able to show that you can beat the pro at their own game. Of course, no one is perfect and everyone makes mistakes, but being able to say you made the woman who never comes orgasm is a pretty high point. And knowing that everyone knew she lost it just makes it that much worse.

"I see." I said. "How did that happen? And happen so that everyone knows?"

She got quiet and still couldn't look at me. "Well... I was here in the office and John and Larry came in. They said they had to head out to a customer meeting shortly and wanted Servicing before they took off. They asked if... um... the Service could be done at the same time so they could get there on time. I hadn't Serviced two before- well, outside of the couple times in school where we had to try it for class. But I couldn't think of a reason not to and they were in a rush, so I said ok. I bent over the service bench to take John orally and Larry vaginally."

The service bench is a helpful piece of equipment. It is about waist high and adjustable so it can be raised or lowered with a switch. It is padded with rounded edges so you could lay on it comfortably. And it has all sorts of attachments from vibrators and massaging units to cameras to restraints, depending on what you wanted. Anything and everything you would want to make Servicing easier.

"They were in a rush, so they went fast. John took out his cock, grabbed my head and pulled my mouth over it. He had a handful of hair to guide me bobbing up and down on it. At the same time, Larry pulled my skirt up and just rammed his cock in. Hard. You... ah... remember how I told you that I kinda like it hard at home? But that no one here really pushed the right mental buttons? These two taking me hard like that hit all the buttons. And kept hitting them. I was able to control it, but just barely. And then Larry started slapping my ass. After the second hard slap, I couldn't help myself. I wasn't Servicing them anymore. I was fucking them. I came hard after Larry slapped my ass again, screaming around John's cock. Larry knew what happened and started in even faster. I know I came again just before he did. After he withdrew, I was able to devote my full attention to John, and he came in my mouth after a minute or so."

"I thought I would have a chance to come down from that, but I found out the door was open and others saw what happened. And the bulges in their pants showed that they needed to be serviced after that show. So without much talking, they formed lines- one to take me from behind and one to enter my mouth. I was still in a bit of a haze when the second cock entered me. I can't even tell you who it was. All I know is that it was large. And that is another one of my buttons. I was so keyed up that I came again just from him entering me. Another cock was at my lips and I started sucking on it."

She was still quiet, but she was becoming visibly aroused at the memory. Her nipples were pointing through her blouse, and her breathing had become faster. A finger was idly tracing her lips as she talked, staring at the floor.

"I don't know how they were in me, or how many times I came, but I do know that at some point my shirt and skirt had come off, and someone found the wrist restraints for the bench and put them on me. I know that they are designed so the wearer can undo them, but my mind was just a blank. The only thing I could think of was the cock fucking me and the one in my mouth, and how I didn't want either one to go away. I don't know how many times I came between them, but I know I couldn't keep sucking because I was screaming from the pounding the large cock was giving me. So he started jerking off and shortly came on my face. Feeling his cum splash against my skin and the taste of it in my mouth set me off again, and I think that set off the cock in me. A loud grunt and I could feel him cum in me."

Her eyes were unfocused as she remembered the events. She didn't seem to notice her hand brushing her nipple through her shirt. She was lost in the memory of the coupling.

"I... I lost track after that. I know that I was licking pussy a few times, and that after a few guys, someone was eating me. Cleaning me. I do remember when one guy started entering my ass. I'm not really a fan of anal, and this was a surprise. It shocked me enough that I was going to protest, but just then another cock was pushed in my mouth and I couldn't say anything. He lubed himself up in my drenched pussy, and then pushed into my backdoor. It hurt a bit, but he went slow enough that I could take it. It hurt just enough to wake me out of the sex-haze I had been in. I could feel the cum on my face, and the taste of it in my mouth along with another cock sliding between my lips. I felt my juices mingled with I don't know how many men dripping down my leg. And I felt the strange dick in my ass thrusting in and out. Something about it all was just... I don't know. I can't explain it. I felt like my only purpose was to cum and be used. It was... liberating. Just the thought made me orgasm again. The man in my ass reached around and started playing with my clit, rubbing the mixed juices over my mound. He slid a few fingers into me and I could hear the squelch loud in the room as they slipped in.

"In all my time as a Service Tech, I had never felt demeaned or like a whore. Until then. But it was a good way, if that makes sense. I know I must have moaned my enjoyment, and the man in my mouth enjoyed it enough to fill my mouth with his semen. Knowing I was being used caused me like that, and that I enjoyed it started the biggest orgasm I've ever had. I started moaning out loud around the cock and I know the cum started spilling out my mouth. I couldn't stop moaning. I think I orgasmed for a full minute. The whole time the man behind me kept pounding. He sped up and finally came in my ass and that is the last thing I remember."

She paused, thinking about it. Remember what it felt like. And then she noticed how hard she was pinching her nipple, and remembered where she was. She gave herself a little shake and said "I know that there were more people. I was too sore for there not to have been. I remember bits and pieces. I think there were even three guys at one point, but I'm not sure. I just remember waking up on the cot, nude but cleaned off, sore from more use then I had ever had. It was after 5. I got dressed, and went home in a daze to sleep it off."

"What day was that?" I asked.

She seemed reluctant to say it, but she finally said "It was Thursday. The ah.... well... more or less the same thing happened again Friday, except I was more aware the entire time. And I was prepared. I lubed myself up, font and back, and waited for the first request. I didn't wait long. There was a line shortly after work started. I remember more of it, but felt the same way."

There was silence in the room as I thought about what to say next. Wendy wasn't very comfortable with the quiet. She squirmed in her seat, waiting for me to say something. I broke the silence with "It sounds like you went through a bit of self-discovery. You found something that you really enjoyed. It sounds like you moved into a sort of "sub"space where you just wanted to be used for sex, and not have any other concerns. You need to be careful though. It can be addictive. But if you enjoy it and can control it, you just happen to be in the right profession." She perked up with a huge smile, knowing that she won't be losing her job, and that she can keep enjoying the work.

"I think you can get some training to help out with the problem. You aren't the only one that has experienced it. I'll get you the class info. Until then, just Service one person at a time. Anyone complains, tell them those are my instructions. They know that if they ignore me, they go on No-Service list. Go on and make the rounds. I'll get the paperwork cleared up here."

"Thanks! I don't know how to thank you!" she gushed. She gave me a quick hug and ran out the door.

I smiled watching her as she left. It is good so see someone that enthusiastic about their work. And Wendy does do good work, making her coworkers happy. Last Thursday, I got a call at home about what was going on with her in the office. I came in to see if everything was ok, and found her strapped to the bondage table Servicing two people at the same time. But she seemed to be enjoying it, so everything could be ok. But to be sure, I'd have to test her to make sure it was something she was a willing participant in. When I got behind her and started testing her backdoor, I noticed she tensed up and if she was going to protest, that would have been the time. But she didn't and even seemed to enjoy it even more. So I knew everything was consensual and she would need to go through this sooner or later. She would be sore, but she would know if this was the job for her or not. Some people go through that and can't do it again. Some, like Wendy, go through it and find their calling.

I know I did when I first started out.

I love my job.