 Stephanie met her lover through one of those services that provided a means for men and women to meet on-line, and, potentially arrange intimate encounters in real time. The spice in her marriage had long since lost its zest and her body and mind ached for intimacy. Over the course of a month she chatted with a number of men, but none had seemed quite right. Either they were only interested in sex, or they were dull and uninspiring. Stephanie was picky. She didn't want to hook up with just any guy just to scratch her sexual itch. She wanted someone smart and funny, someone that she could talk to before and afterwards.

Despite great trepidation, she finally agreed to meet a man just a little older than herself. Over coffee she decided that he might be the right guy. Married and in a similar situation, her soon-to-be lover could make her laugh, and when his hand touched hers in their first conversation, she knew that he was what she was she had in mind from the beginning.

Because this was her first affair, she was very nervous. Nervous, yet excited. Only some kissing and hand-holding occurred during that first encounter as her lover was very careful not to rush Stephanie into something she wasn't ready for. Each meeting progressed a little farther until ultimately she found herself lying naked in bed, moaning in ecstasy as her lover's tongue explored the depth of her pussy. It had been so long since a man had done that to her that she nearly fainted as the pleasure washed over her. And that was just the beginning. 

Each meeting brought new pleasures to Stephanie. Her innate shyness was slowly being overwhelmed by the new sense of erotic adventure she was feeling. Desires hidden deep inside started bubbling up to the surface: how she wanted to make love under the stars or how she wanted to experience the touch of another woman, any number of exciting new experiences.

One day her lover arrived to meet her with a surprise. As she looked over his shoulder to his car, she saw a woman sitting in the passenger seat, a younger woman, very comely, with flaming red hair.

Seeing her inquisitive look, her lover explained that this was Sandy and asked if it would be okay if Sandy joined them for coffee.

Stephanie was a little upset that her lover hadn't asked her about this before bringing along another woman, but as she looked past him to the woman sitting there, she couldn't help but be attracted to the idea. She gave her lover a little punch in the arm but agreed to coffee with Sandy.

As they sat and chatted in the coffee shop, Stephanie couldn't take her eyes off this new woman. She knew that her lover had other woman, but she never really expected to meet one. Sandy sat on the opposite side of the table from them and Stephanie marveled at how vibrant and alive and confident she seemed. Her lover and Sandy did most of the chatting. Stephanie mostly sat there observing and trying to curb the growing excitement she was feeling inside herself. She was most definitely attracted to this sexy redhead.

After coffee, Sandy invited them both back to her apartment, which was only a short distance away. "Oh my god," Stephanie thought to herself, "she lives so close. Why haven't I seen her around before?"

Sandy had a nice apartment, perfect for a single woman. Once inside, Sandy asked Stephanie's lover where the wine was. Cursing under his breath, her lover admitted his forgetfulness and left to go buy a bottle.

Directing Stephanie to the sofa, Sandy sat down beside her, so close that Stephanie's heart began beating, beating so hard that she was sure that Sandy could hear it pounding. Sandy was telling Stephanie about some adventure she had at the local mall, but Stephanie didn't catch most of the story, she was trying so hard not to betray her attraction for the woman. While emphasizing some aspect of the story, Sandy touched Stephanie's leg lightly, causing Stephanie to nearly swoon with pleasure. She quickly tried to compose herself again, but Sandy simply smiled and touched Stephanie's cheek.

Frozen to her spot on the sofa, Stephanie watched Sandy lean forward and felt Sandy's lips press against her own. Moaning audibly, Stephanie fell back against the sofa, and Sandy tumbled along with her, kissing her more passionately.

Pulling back, Sandy looked into Stephanie's eyes. After a moment Sandy started giggling as she began unbuttoning the buttons on Stephanie's blouse.

Her nipples stiff with excitement, Stephanie lay back and let Sandy undress her. Soon she was naked on the sofa and Sandy was kissing her full breasts, taking each nipple in her mouth and sucking it gently before switching to the other. As she continued kissing between Stephanie's breasts and down to her navel, Sandy's hands were exploring Stephanie's lower regions, delighting in the discovery that Stephanie's pussy was clearly and completely wet.

Laughing softly, Sandy leaned back and then stood up and began undressing, slowly and seductively, torturing Stephanie as she revealed first her breasts and then the rest of her body. Stephanie reached up to touch Sandy, but Sandy quickly pushed Steph's hands back. With Stephanie slouched in the corner of the sofa, Sandy dropped to her knees and gently pushed Stephanie's thighs apart. Her heart pounding, Stephanie gasped for air as she felt the electric shock of Sandy's tongue as it swirled around her clit. A wave of orgasm seared through Stephanie and she cried out in pleasure, the pleasure of a fantasy come true. Sandy kept her mouth on Stephanie's pussy, probing her and there with a finger, licking deeply, fast then slow, lightly then harder until Stephanie erupted a second time.

Getting up and sitting in the opposite corner, Sandy reached for Stephanie's arm and pulled her up. Spreading her legs to give Stephanie a good view of her wet pussy, Sandy's eyes said everything. It was now Steph's turn.

Again, Stephanie's heart raced. Sandy's pussy looked so inviting, she couldn't resist. Leaning forward, Stephanie pushed out her tongue and touched it to Sandy's clit, closing her eyes in the process. At this Sandy moaned loudly and that drove Stephanie wild. She grabbed on to Sandy's hips and began licking for all she was worth. "Oh my god," she thought to herself, "I'm eating a woman's pussy, and I'm loving it". Her frenzied licking soon had Sandy cumming wildly, Sandy's thighs squeezing Stephanie's head, her hands pulling Stephanie's head in more closely.

"Well, I see you two are getting aquainted," laughed Stephanie's lover upon entering the room. Putting down the wine bottle, he began to undress, seeing that his plan was working to perfection, and not being able to wait to join in on the fun. He moved behind Steph's raised ass, totally taken over by lust.

As Stephanie continued to lick Sandy's swollen clit, she felt her lover's hands on her ass. A shiver of excitement coursed through her body as she felt his hot tongue on her own clit. Crying out as his tongue plunged deep inside her soaking pussy, Stephanie had to stop licking for a moment, the pleasure was so great. As her lover's tongue moved through her pussy and up to her ass, she recovered enough to again devote her attention to Sandy, who was moaning like a banshee on the couch before her.

As she felt 2 probing fingers in her pussy, Stephanie again gasped from pleasure. Her lover's deft fingers curled downward toward her g-spot and wiggled just right, making her cum hard and deep. At this precise moment, Sandy again began climaxing, the wetness of Sandy's pussy engulfing Stephanie's mouth just as her own juices bathed her lover's fingers. 

The sight and sounds of the 2 women cumming was too much for the man to bear. Pulling himself up behind Stephanie, he grabbed her hips and pressed his hard cock into her gaping and willing pussy. Stephanie's nipples stiffened when she felt the hardness pushing against her and she cried out as she felt her lover slip deep inside her. As he began pumping into her, Sandy pulled Stephanie's head down once again and wrapped her bare feet around Stephanie's shoulders, bringing Steph's attention back to her still aching pussy.

Stephanie was in heaven. She loved the feel of a hard cock plunging into her. Each stroke satisfied her sexual desire, but at the same time made her want more. She loved the fragrance of Sandy's pussy, the feeling of the wetness there and the pungent taste. It was all she had ever imagined it would be.

The pleasure deep inside Stephanie began to grow with each stroke of her lover's cock. Sandy's moans excited her beyond belief. As her climax approached, Stephanie thought she would lose consciousness, so much was her pleasure. Finally, she felt her lover plunge in deeply and his body and cock stiffened as he began to cum. This final pressure put Stephanie over the edge and she, too, erupted in orgasm, her juices mixing with her lover's cum.

Collapsing in a pile on top of Sandy, they all giggled. "Oh my god," said Stephanie, "I never dreamed sex could be such fun!" and they all laughed again.

"So this is what it is like to have 2 people at the same time," she thought to herself. Never had her body enjoyed such attention and such pleasure. The next several hours were spent in all the various permutations and combinations of love-making. Stephanie watched as her lover fucked her new friend and she even leaned in and licked his cock as it went in and out of Sandy's pussy, getting a taste of both of them, their juices, and her own intermingled with theirs. She felt the pleasure of laying back and letting Sandy please her orally while her lover straddled her breasts and offered his cock for her to suck. The feeling of being eaten by a sexy woman and sucking a man's cock at the same time gave Stephanie some very intense orgasms.

All these combinations were so very hot and sexy, but Stephanie's favorite, the one that gave her the deepest, longest, most consuming orgasms, was when Sandy and her lover took turns eating her pussy. First feeling one tongue in her and then quickly followed by another sent shudders through her body. Over and over again she came as the 2 of them licked and fingered her, almost fighting over her. She liked it when she felt them kissing between her legs, one breaking off the kiss and then getting a nice deep lick of her pussy, then kissing again and then the other doing the same. Stephanie's legs were spread far apart as her 2 lovers licked her at the same time, one sucking her clit, the other probing her lower pussy with their tongue, or pulling on her pussy lips with their teeth.

Finally, after several hours of ecstasy, they kissed Sandy goodbye and her lover took her home. He kissed her in the car before she got out and went into her house. "How can I wait until next week when we all meet again?" she thought to herself. Opening the door to her house, she re-entered her real life, but her mind was still in the sexy fantasy life she had just discovered.