 Justin and I have been married for seven years now and we're very happy together. Our sex is great, even if it does get a bit routine every so often.

We enjoy racing and have friends, Todd and Cindy, who also like to go to car races. The race I remember best was the one in Charlotte where we booked a large suite for the four of us for the weekend. We went down on Friday night and would come back home on Sunday evening after all the events were over.

We checked in around six and dropped our stuff in the room and went out to eat. After a nice Italian dinner and two bottles of Chianti, we went back up to the room and broke out one of the bottles of wine that we had brought.

The room had a hot tub which Justin got ready and we changed into bathing suits and slipped into the bubbling warm water, glasses in hand.

It didn't take long for Justin to begin kissing me as I groped him under the water, rubbing and squeezing the hard lump in his suit. Todd and Cindy were busy, too, and Todd's hand was up out of the water fondling his wife's breast. I looked over and he had moved the bra top aside and was massaging her breast in the open which, I think, gave Justin the courage to pull my top off and begin sucking my nipples.

Now, we were good friends, but this was farther that any of us had gone before. It was rather arousing to be necking topless in front of another couple but, in the grand scheme of things, far more daring things have happened between friends.

I whispered to Justin that I would give anything for a private room right now and he laughed and said, "Hon, I'm so horny, I'd do it right in front of them."

The thought went directly to my pussy. Surely, he was kidding, or was he?

"You are kidding, right?"

"No, I'd fuck you right now on the bed over there right in front of Cindy and Todd. I'm that horny."

I looked over at our friends and they were laughing to themselves.

"What's so funny?" I asked them.

"We overheard you and we feel the same way. Wanna do it?"

We looked at each other and both said, "Sure," at the same time. We all got out and dried off, took off our remaining swim gear and walked, hand in hand, naked into the bedroom. 

I looked over and Todd and Cindy were also doing the missionary position, it seemed, it was a long favorite of ours, though there certainly are others.

Soon, I was getting that warm feeling all through my middle which tells me that a nice orgasm is on its way.

"Mmm, I'm getting close, hon, just keep doing it nice and slow like this, okay?"

"Oh, Eva, you are so good. I just love your pussy."

"Mmm, my pussy loves you, oh, does it."

Then, from the other bed, "Oh, Todd, baby, oh, oh, fuck me, oh, fuck me hard. Ew, yes, yes, yes. Deep, baby, deep."

Sounds like a good time taking place across the room, I thought as Justin pushed into me and held still as I moved my hips from side to side. Like Cindy, I was liking it deep. Yes, this was good and it was very erotic having another couple fucking just a few feet away from us.

Then, I heard Cindy, "Oh, oh, Todd, I'm gonna cum, oh, yeah, do it right there, oh, yes, yes, oh, OH, oh, oh, oooh, yeah, Todd, don't stop, hon, just keep fucking me, ew, yes."

Soon, the room was quieter, each couple enjoying their after-fuck snuggle. 

Making love nearby another couple as they did the same certainly had an effect; my orgasm was spectacular, just mind-blowing, and I knew that much of it was the excitement of fucking in front of another couple. You just don't know until you do it. It really sparks up the libido.

After a half hour or so, Cindy said from the other bed, "Who's for another dip in the hot tub?"

None of us even waited for an answer, we just all went to the tub and got in.

"Um, Cindy and I were wondering if you two might want to change hot tub partners?" Todd asked.

Justin looked at me, I shrugged my shoulders and the two of us girls got up and traded places.

Now this time, we were all naked having just come from a lovemaking session directly into the spa. Both guys put their arms back on the tub surround and it wasn't long until each arm going around the woman's shoulders was draped down with his fingers kneading a breast.

I'm sure Cindy did exactly with my husband what I did with her's, slip my hand into his lap and begin to stroke him under the water. And, I feel sure that her legs were as open as mine were enjoying the warm, circulating water and a nice finger reaching over and probing up inside.

I leaned over to Todd and whispered, "I think this trading is going to lead right back to the beds. I hope you don't mind getting me."

"Oh, Eva, you're kidding. You are a very beautiful woman. The truth is, I can't wait to fuck you."

Well, now. Todd's not one to hold back. I am enjoying rubbing his very nice cock which feels, at least under water, to be larger than Justin's. Mmm, something to look forward to.

I look over and Justin and Cindy are necking and rubbing and feeling each other rather spiritedly, this may move out of the water and on to the beds pretty quickly.

Todd began kissing me and had moved in front of me pressing his cock up between my legs which I had as wide as I could make them. As we kissed further, I could feel his hard cock slipping between my labia, up into me.

"Oh, Todd, ooh, you're big," I gasped feeling my pussy stretch wide. "Just go easy, okay, at least at first."

He slowly pulled back and forth as I hugged him to me, watching my husband and Todd's wife fucking just a few feet away. I was really turned on being fucked by another man as my husband had his own tryst just a few feet away. Between the four of us, we were setting up waves lapping across the surface as the men each moved back and forth in and out of the women sitting along the sides of the tub.

"Oh, Justin, um, right there, hon, yes," we heard Todd's wife, Cindy, say to my husband.

I whispered, "Push in real deep, Todd, let me do all the work, you just push hard," and that's exactly what he did. I pushed in short movements and every time his cock touched the upper walls in my vagina, waves of pleasure swept out all across my body.

"Mmm, perfect. Todd, you're gonna get me off real soon, baby. This is so good."

He's pushing in deep, just the way I like, and, yes, the button goes off.

"Eww, UHH, UUH, uhn, uhn, oh, mmm, just keep going, Todd, mmm, that's nice."

There seemed to be some good sex going on across the tub from us with moans and the wonderful sounds of orgasms taking place.

Then, Tim pushed deep into me as I felt a flood of warmth deep inside me.

"Ew, Eva, oh, oh, mmm, yes, oh that's really good, Mmm. uh, uh, oh, yeah."

We decided to shower the same way, each wife with the other's husband and then, when that turned out to be so nice, we also decided that our sleeping arrangements would be the same.

In the middle of the night, Todd nudged me and whispered, "Guess who's fucking in the next bed?" and I reached for his cock and got up over him and we had our own nice, late night screw.

After a long day at the races, at about seven, Todd suggested that we go downstairs and have some dinner.

Cindy and I decided to leave our panties in our room and see what our fellows would do about that. It didn't take long, about when the elevator doors closed, before each husband had his hand up the back of the other wife's skirt feeling a nice bare butt.

Such a nice start to dinner was just a prelude to another after-dinner hot tub session, all nice and naked, again with each other's spouse, followed by a quick dry-off, then a tumble in bed.

As Todd and I were laying in bed, after a nice fuck, Justin and Eva came over to our bed and got in with us. As it ended up, we two women were in the middle and when Justin moved down and began to give Todd's wife, Cindy, oral, Todd did the same with me.

Cindy and I were both laying next to each other on the bed with our legs open and knees up while our husbands licked and tongued us, each one doing the other's wife.

I had my eyes closed and then I felt a hand touch my breast and begin to fondle me, I looked and saw that it was Cindy. It felt nice so I reached over and began to massage her breasts and before I know it, she was turned toward me and was sucking my nipple. Justin had raised up and was watching this as she then got up, turned and put her head between my legs and began licking me. I pulled her right leg over me, positioning her pussy right over me and pulled her hips down pressing her wetness into my face.

We licked, sucked, and tongued each other until we both had orgasms, then turned back around and hugged and french-kissed and humped each other as our husbands sat there curiously watching us. We kissed and fondled each other for quite a while and even finger-fucked each other. I did notice that our husbands were stroking themselves and even got off while watching us.

As Cindy and I held one another, she said, "Whew, that was fun. Why don't we do this more often?" and everyone laughed.

"I never knew you girls were bisexual," Justin said.

"Me, either. Big surprise, girls. Are we out now?" asked Todd.

"Well, nobody's more surprised than I am. I've never done anything with another woman before. Kinda fun, though. What about you, Cindy?" I said.

"Yeah. I never have either. Not even in college. But, I did like it with you, Eva. I'm a little stunned at it all."

"Yeah, um, I liked it, too. No offense, guys, but maybe we could broaden our fun out a bit so we two girls could do each other?"

"I guess, sure, why not. Todd and I can watch you two. It is pretty sexy to watch. We'll just jack-off while you do each other."

So, we all agreed that from now on, we would not only swap spouses but also pair-up the two wives for our own lovemaking. Cindy and I have gotten very good at bringing the other off and even get together sometimes for our private little trysts on our own. 

What an awakening.