 I was nearly asleep when I heard the door open. I had no idea how long I'd been laying on the bed alone. The plug in my ass was on high and I was thoroughly enjoying the buzz, but my pussy ached and I really needed, no, wanted to cum again. All it would have taken was one good rub on my clit and I'd be over the edge and I wasn't above begging, "Emma, that plug in my ass is making me crazy; please get me off, please! I need to cum!"

There was no reply and I couldn't tell where she was. I shook off the slumber and listened hard. The plug in my butt slowed and finally stopped vibrating. Then I thought I heard noise in the direction of the closet. Maybe she was changing her outfit. Wow that thought made me tingle. Shit, what the hell was up with my brain? Man, I couldn't believe how much I was into this whole scene, and I wanted more. Surprisingly I enjoyed bondage and obviously I was bi too, what the fuck? My ex would never believe I was doing this. 

I heard whispering coming from the closet area. It definitely sounded like there were at least two people and that scared me; being with just Emma was one thing, but the thought of other people was out of bounds. For the first time, I was really worried, "Emma, what's going on? Who's there with you? This isn't funny. What's going on?" 

I heard Emma giggle that god forsaken giggle again. Damn, it was driving me nuts. She was at the foot of the bed now. "Mmmm, Amy dearie, you look just as lovely as when I left you. You have such a pretty little pussy, and such a cute tight ass. That jewel sticking out of your ass looks quite decadent. Ya know dearie, you're become quite the fucking slut!" She giggled again as she ran her fingers along my thighs. 

I loved hearing her talk about me that way, but the other people still worried me. I really needed to get her to let me go. I calmed myself and tried a different approach. I tried to laugh like I was unconcerned, "Come on Emma, we had fun, but let me loose. I think it's time to call it quits. C'mon, at least take the blindfold off."

Emma laughed harshly, "Oh Amy dearie, the fun is just about to start...all over again."

What the hell was she talking about now? I wasn't happy with how things were going, "Emma, I know someone is there with you. That's not good. I didn't give you permission. And, what do you mean all over again? C'mon Emma, let me go."

She started giggling again. Damn her and that stupid giggle. "Amy dearie, you're coming along quite nicely as a hot little slut. You seemed to really enjoy your last lesson - hotslut 101. She laughed again. You did quite well and I think you're really gonna love your next lesson - hotslut 102; again, my personal guarantee. Oh, and one last thing, I don't want to hear another word out of your pretty little mouth or I'll get the ball gag out."

Her fingers sensuously traced a path down to my ass and she pulled on the plug playfully. The movement in my ass felt good. "Ya know Amy, the butt plug was fun, and I'm quite sure another first for you, but I don't think you're going to need this anymore for awhile."

She started tugging gently on the plug and the pressure felt good, but my ass didn't want to let it go. She continued to twist and pull and I felt it start to move. She barked at me to loosen my ass and it finally slipped out of my butt with an audible "pop." I loved that full feeling in my ass and now it was gone. I missed it already. I moaned at the loss of the plug and the wonderful feeling. Emma ran her finger around the rim of my puckered hole and I shook slightly. Emma sighed, "Mmmm, I think my Amy dearie really likes having her ass toyed with. You are an anal slut. "

I felt her leave the bed, but she kept talking, "I love that fucking little remote for that plug. It's so much fun. I even let some of my friends have the controller when it's in my ass. But those stories are for another time. You know Amy dearie, you and I have had such fun together this afternoon, but it's time to start hotslut 102 and for that you need to meet a very good friend of mine. Derek, this is Amy. Amy, this is Derek." 

I blew up, "This is bullshit Emma. What the fuck are you doing? I don't want to meet anybody and certainly not like this and not fucking now." I was fuming and scared, and my body was shaking a little. 

I felt the mattress on my right sag and then something warm and spongy touched my lips. It surprised me and I jerked my face away. Immediately I heard the loud smack, followed instantly by a sharp stinging sensation throughout my pussy. It really stung and it got my attention immediately, "That's not polite bitch. Open your mouth and be nice to Derek. He is a very nice gentleman who has a very nice cock and he really knows how to use it. Now, open your mouth or I'll smack your pussy again!"

She rubbed my pussy lightly with something smooth and flat and very stiff. The first one was still stinging and I didn't want another one. Emma got very close and sounded very stern, "Now open your mouth! 

Emma's tone was forceful and scary, and for some crazy reason it turned me on. Damn her; I could feel my heart beat faster. I slowly opened my mouth and I felt flesh touch my lips. I sucked the very soft cockhead laying on my lips into my mouth. I didn't hesitate a second and began sucking the spongy flesh and probing his piss hole with my tongue. Where the fuck did that come from? I'd never put my tongue there before. It just seemed so right to do it. He pushed more in and Emma ordered me to open wider. I did and as more entered my mouth, he got thicker and thicker. I opened as wide as I could. Fuck, his gigantic cock stretched my mouth to its limits. 

Damn, his girth was unbelievable. Derek pushed it in until I gagged and then pulled out a bit. Without giving it any thought, I started sucking his shaft making love to his cock. I mean his cock was in my mouth, what else was I going to do. It was deliciously smooth and soft and I enjoyed curling my tongue around his incredibly smooth head. I felt my cunt involuntarily opening and closing. Emma must have been watching closely, "Damn Amy, you must really be into Derek's cock cause your pussy is wide open and leaking. Jesus Amy, you're such a nice surprise."

Shit, ten minutes ago I was bitching at Emma and now I was hungrily sucking a very big cock I'd just met, and apparently my pussy wanted to get into the game. I didn't know what to think so I decided not to. I liked what was going on so I was going to enjoy it. Derek seemed to like the treatment I was giving him because I heard him moaning. Un-fuckiing-be-lievable! First of all, I didn't know this guy. Second, his huge cock stuffed my mouth beyond belief and third, sucking his cock was really fun and it made me feel sexy. I knew I shouldn't be, but I was so totally into this and was trying to get as much of his hot cock in my mouth as I could suck in. I was breathing furiously out of my nose and must have sounded like a race horse coming across the finish line.

"That's it bitch. Suck Derek's big, juicy man meat. Damn, you look so hot with your sweet little mouth wrapped around that big fat cock of his." Her voice changed a bit like she wanted to play too, "Ya know, he's awfully big dearie and with you being all tied up and all, I think I'll give you a hand."

I tried to talk, but all I could do was mumble around Derek's cock. I felt the mattress sag again as Emma knelt next to me where Derek was. She started working Derek in and out of my mouth. Fuck, she jammed him in and out of my mouth with delight making me gag more than once. Gobs of saliva spilled out of my mouth and down my chin onto my chest. I did my best to give him good head, but Emma was viciously pounding my mouth and face with his stiff pole. Derek was still moaning so I guess I was doing okay but my jaw was sore as hell. Emma finally quit helping which was a relief. Thankfully Derek held my face and continued to fuck my face with long slow stokes which was wonderful. He slowed his pumping and left the head just inside my mouth which was nice. I sucked it lovingly. There was something special about the head of his cock. I ran my tongue all over it mapping each ridge and fold of skin. Emma was right. The blindfold was magic and I was learning a lot. 

Seconds later I heard the camera shutter again. Derek's wonderful cock filled my mouth, stretching my lips. Fuck, Emma was getting some good pictures and it turned me on. Derek and I were on display like porn models, and I was completely at their mercy. Truth be known, I was completely lost in sucking the head of Derek's huge cock. Hell, not only had I'd never ever seen Derek before, but knowing Emma, it was possible I'd never see him. I tried to wrap my mind around that idea and a shiver ran through my body. This whole thing was out of control, but so was I was so into it and couldn't wait for more. Fuck me! Derek softened a bit and I focused on the wonderful feeling of his weighty cock hanging on my lips. 

Emma stopped taking pictures and rejoined us. She grabbed Derek's cock and started jacking him slowly while I sucked on the head of his cock. Derek immediately started to swell and in no time was rigid again. My mouth stretched to accommodate him. Emma whispered something to Derek and he pulled his cock out of my mouth as he moved off the bed. The mattress between my legs sagged and I felt hands slide up my legs to my knees. Meaty fingers opened my drenched pussy and then something hard slid up and down my slit pushing my lips wide open. I hoped it was his wonderful cock and not another of Emma's toys. Finally he centered it and pushed forward and about an inch or so entered. Damn, he it was hot and so hard. Gawd, it had been so long since I'd had a cock in my pussy. He pushed slowly letting my cunt adjust to his fat cock. He waited and then pushed a bit further. Little by little he filled my pussy and spread me like I'd never been opened before. Thank god my pussy was so wet and so lubed up and Derek was so patient. Going slowly let my pussy to yield to his size. Derek was way bigger than my ex was and he filled every part of me completely. His cock pressed against parts inside me that had never been touched before. Gawd, the feeling of being so full was delicious. 

Once he had his cock buried all the way in me he didn't move. That scared me because I was worried something was wrong. Damn, I couldn't have been more mistaken. He held my thighs for leverage and he started moving his body in slow small circles. His big balls hung down on my butt and rubbed softly against my ass cheeks. Wow that was a new one. His big cock pressed against my throbbing clit and it felt oh so nice. My pussy was so full and the feeling of him grinding against my clit was magic. The tingle started again. Emma was right. Derek really knew how to use his wonderful cock. Not once did I feel pain. I only felt the wonderful sensations coming from his big fat cock. 

I got into a rhythm with Derek and became infatuated with his wonderful manhood. My breathing was erratic and I kept experiencing new feelings as he pumped into my pussy over and over. I never knew fucking could be this unbelievably good. I pictured what we looked like and that idea of my legs high in the arm with his big cock sliding in and out really got me going. I didn't think it could get any better but I was wrong again. Emma's warm lips pressed softly against mine. It was like being given a drink of water after being in the desert. I couldn't get enough of her. Her fingers tweaked my nipples and our tongues raced uncontrollable looking for places to lick. I sucked her tongue like it was Derek's cock. Kissing her while I was filled with Derek was unbelievable. I couldn't get enough of them. All three of us were now moaning and grunting and breathing hard. Un-fucking believable!

When Emma wasn't making out with me, she was sucking on my tits. Derek alternated between grinding in circles and pumping my pussy. Then he changed. He drew his hips back slowly until the head was just about out and then pushed it back in just as slowly. Everything was very slow and he made sure his cock rubbed against my clit when he pushed it in. Gawd, it was marvelous. He used the same stroke over and over. The long slow rub in and out of my pussy had my tingle up to high. I felt an orgasm starting to build and it was only a matter of time. Derek's control was awesome. His tempo didn't change and I felt it coming. I was moaning loudly now and tensing up. I knew I would cum any minute. The sounds of pictures being snapped heightened the whole sensation.

I knew one or two more strokes and I'd be over the edge. I couldn't believe the wonderful feelings I was having. Derek again pulled his hips back, but this time his cock came all the way out and I yelped in surprise. Without warning he pressed it against my juice covered butthole and he pushed. The smooth head of his cock slipped easily into my ass and Derek stopped. It was a perfect fit. My senses were overloaded. I couldn't believe he was going to fuck me in the ass with his monster cock. His dick would split me wide open and I begged for him to stop. Emma shrieked, "Shut the fuck up bitch. Lie still. Let Derek do what he does best."

I felt a cool liquid land all around my pussy and ass. Derek pulled his dick out of my ass and rubbed it all over. Then he slid the head back in my ass. The combination of the lube and the short break let my ass adjust a bit. Even though the lube was cool, warmth spread throughout my ass and the sensation made me relax. Derek worked his dick back in and pumped a couple of inches in and out slowly. Oh my god, unbelievable. I felt more lube landing between my ass cheeks. Derek pulled out slightly and then back in a little deeper. Holy shit, my asshole spread to accommodate his width. 

It was if I'd been taking his dick up my ass forever. I'd never before had something that big, that deep in my ass. I couldn't believe how stuffed I felt. He started pumping my ass with about half of his cock. Slowly at first, then he picked up his tempo and he got deeper with every stroke. I couldn't believe what was going on. Finally, I could hear his balls slap softly against me. My rear end was completely full of Derek and I couldn't believe it. Emma started rubbing my clit as Derek's monster cock sent shock waves throughout my body. 

I started to shake and I could feel the orgasm. It was as if my clit was in my ass. Every time Derek pushed deep into my ass, my clit lit up. I could hardly breathe and lost all idea what was going on around me. I was pulling against the restraints. The tingle was building and I felt the tension in my legs. Derek pulled out about half way and then he pumped in and out rapidly, very short strokes and that was that. Bolts of electricity shot through my ass and pussy. My whole body shook and wave after wave of unbelievable pleasure rushed through me.

I don't know how long Derek fucked me. I'd lost count of the number of orgasms and I drifted into semi conscious. I hung limply against the restraints and was still at their mercy. At some point Derek shot his load in my ass and I felt his warm gooey cum running out of my butt as he continued to slowly fuck me. Emma leaned down and kissed me softly and lightly on the lips, "How are you doing dearie? Had enough for one night?"

I swallowed to clear my throat, "Wow, I guess so. I feel weak. I've never had such orgasms. What could possibly be next?" 

Emma took my blindfold off and it took a minute for my eyes to adjust. She was to my left smiling ear to ear. Derek's softening cock was still in my ass and I squeezed it over and over with my butt muscle. He smiled at me. His cock felt heavy hanging out of my butt. Finally, he pulled his cock out of my ass and just knelt between my legs. His cock, even soft was something to reckon with. 

I ogled his magnificent penis and remembered my earlier thoughts. The head of his beautiful cock was very pink and shaped kinda like an arrowhead and was much thinner than his shaft. No wonder that beautiful shiny pink head could slide so easily into my pussy and ass. I shifted my gaze to the rest of him. Damn, not only was he a great fuck, but he was drop dead gorgeous. Emma giggled again. "I think we should do the intro's again; Derek, this is Amy. Amy, meet Derek. Amy dearie, it was a real treat watching him bury his big beautiful cock in your cute little ass."

I smiled weakly at her naughty. Lying there definitely felt a bit weird, but there was something exciting about it. I was still in chains. Derek was still kneeling between my legs, still naked and his big shiny dick looked so fucking awesome just hanging there. Emma was still in her gear, and my legs were still spread wide open and I still had cum running out of my ass. Emma looked toward Derek, "Should we take the restraints off?"

Derek smiled and without saying anything, he gently lifted my left thigh, unhooked it and tenderly laid it on the bed. He did the right one next and then rubbed my calves and thighs soothingly. Emma unhooked my right hand and then reached across my body to undo the left one. Her soft, full tit rested provocatively on my hooded face. She straightened up and then lay down next to me and cuddled my face in her hands. Both of us still had the hoods on and it was kinda weird at first. But when she pressed her lips softly to mine and tenderly slid her tongue into my waiting mouth, it felt perfect. Her sensual lips combined with the smell of leather. Totally hot! Gawd, she could kiss! We kissed slowly. I couldn't get enough of her sweetness.

I felt Derek slide alongside my right as his hand caressed my stomach and then made its way to my titties. He fondled one, then the other and tweaked my exposed nipples pinching them softly. As Emma and I tongued each other, he nibbled my neck and sent shivers up and down my spine. Emma finished our kiss and gazed down at me, "Amy dearie, you are proving to be really quite something."

Emma was propped up on one elbow and even with the hood on, her eyes were shining brightly and she was smiling from ear to ear. She was very proud of herself. She ran her free hand along my arm and up to my chin. "Derek and I weren't sure about the anal sex thing when we put our plan together, but wow, with a little special anal lube and a little adapting, you took him like you've been fucking him for years. I think you're just a natural at taking it up the ass, isn't she Derek?"

Derek raised his head from my neck, smiling nearly as much as Emma. "I wasn't sure at first either, but the anal lube really loosened you up and as soon as I got the head in, I knew everything was gonna be good. I couldn't believe your orgasm. Fuck that was awesome. I've never seen anybody explode like that before."

I leaned over and gave Derek a sensuous kiss on the lips sliding my tongue between his and purred, "Thank you for a fantastic fuck Derek. That was my first ass fuck, but I sure hope it won't be my last. Your cock is amazing."

Emma turned my head toward her. I could tell she had something on her mind. "Well Amy dearie, Derek and were thinking that maybe we should take a break, maybe have a couple of drinks, maybe grab something to eat, and then enjoy a nightcap back here in the bedroom. Whataya think?"

I couldn't believe my ears. I'd already had a night filled with absolute firsts, the best sex of my life and now I was being offered another round of fun. I had nowhere to go and all night to get there. I smiled at Derek and then at Emma, "Fuck yes, I'm in."