 This is a story of an exhilarating experience of two couples. I met them through the responses to my story writing. I have described it as it was narrated by some of the involved parties. It is comparatively a longer story of relationships. There are feelings and emotions, which should be inherent part of physical sex between a man and a woman. My story may appear to some hardcore viewers as boring. I urge those who look only for hard core porn (wham, bam thank you ma'm) to skip this story; as I have narrated in some detail the issues of relations ships and situations that happen for the first time amongst couples, which hard core porn readers may not be very much interested in. majority of it is real and some parts have been dramatized a little. 

PRESENT DAY

One of our family friends, or rather the only real family friends: Sethis (Satish and Sushma Sethi); informed me that they were returning from Dubai for a month and they would stay in Delhi at our house for about a week. Mr. Sethi said that he would like it if we could go out of Delhi to a hill station or a resort and enjoy the time with only our two families together. The news sent a wave of excitement in our house. My wife Tina's expressions were to be seen. She was ecstatic hearing the news; I could see her visible attempts to hide her excitement. She said that it was good to meet her very close friend Sushma (although I knew that she was more keen to see Mr. Sethi). My son was keen to meet their son. Me? I told everyone that I was very eager to meet my old and dear friend. However, the truth was that I was really looking forward to meeting Sushma (Mrs. Sethi). 

Mr. Sethi and Mrs. Sethi were our neighbours before they left for Dubai. Mr. Sethi got a highly paid job as a senior Manager in an Automotive company in Dubai and was working for the past 18 months. 

TWO YEARS AGO

I am Tarun. I was 34 years and my wife Tina was aged 30 at that time. I worked in a Multi National Company in marketing division. Tina (my wife) was definitely worth a second look. She looked sexy and desirable to any adult male. Her face, figure, smile, gestures, walk were purely feminine. In spite of the fact that she did not act or dress provocatively, she invariably attracted oomph in men. 

At 30, she was 52 kgs and 5 ft. 3 inches. She was attractive. She was energetic and worked hard in the house. This took care of her body. She was easily the best eye catcher in our colony. Whenever I went around with her to market, movie theatres etc., I could detect that hungry look in male eyes and envious look in women. She strictly shunned any hint of overtures from some over enthusiasts. She knew their intent and without being offensive, she ignored them. Although she was not a typical conservative village girl, she was not a flirt or ultra modern in that sense. She was a simple average house wife. We had wonderful sex life at the earlier stage of our post marriage period, say for the first two years. As the time passed, sex started taking back seat. Other things took over.

She liked wearing a variety of dresses. Her favourite was slacks and top with open neck. She did not wear it often due to lusty male stares. When she wore it, her hips looked enticing, her cleavage promised good hidden assets and her breasts swayed temptingly. She had round face, lissom figure, long hair, kissable lips, innocent inviting smile, long shapely legs, artistic fingers, handful of breasts, long and curvaceous waist line, and guitar shaped back with shapely curved ass; all added to a sum total of a desirable female. She was a normal good looking fit Indian female. 

Upon my insistence on very special occasions, Tina did wear somewhat sexy dresses (she had some, presented by me on occasions) reluctantly; to please me. When she did dress in them; it created a flutter amongst male viewers. I told her that I loved other males devouring her. She did not like the idea. However, at times, she did relent and just to make me happy, she would wear such dresses. She rarely wore sarees such that her navel and quite a bit below that, was exposed. 

After we had our son, my wife Tina seemed to have lost her sexual appetite. She avoided my overtures and when I was horny and pleaded with her, she would relent by spreading her legs and letting me fuck her. That would be so boring and repulsive that I avoided reaching that stage as much as possible. 

Some years ago, I and my wife Tina with our son, had just landed in Delhi from Lucknow. We had just opened our rented apartment and were trying to clean up the place and sort out placement of the baggage. Barely half an hour later, our next door neighbour, Sushma (Mrs. Sethi) came. She introduced herself and welcomed us. She quickly disappeared only to return with a tray, tea and some snacks for us to eat. She had not even asked us if we were hungry. In the next five hours, Mrs. Sethi arranged a maid to do the house hold chores for my wife Tina. She also cooked lunch and dinner for us on the first day; as we were yet to unpack and setup our kitchen. 

Mrs. Sethi was extremely beautiful; and to me, she appeared to be a sex Goddess. As I mentioned, I and Tina did not have much of a married life and Sushma (Mrs. Sethi) coming into our lives, ignited my suppressed fire.

Naturally Sethis became good friends of ours from the first day. Sethis were staying on rent in the flat right next to ours for the past two years. Her husband, Mr. Sethi was working in an office in Connaught place and drove everyday to his office; about 16 kilometres from where we lived. They had been married for almost ten years. Mr. Sethi was aggressively romantic and adventurous by nature. He had a way with women and had been, what they call, Romeo during his college days.

As soon as he saw my wife, he was completely bowled over by her sexiness. I could see him scrutinizing my wife's vital stats. I could see his eyes were stuck at her bosom, ass and navel. All husbands know when someone looks at their wives with that look. 

Mr. Sethi was tall, well built but with no flab and strong muscles. His smile was child like. He had macho look, but with an innocent personality. He said the weirdest things with simple innocence. It was no wonder that he had been a hit with females. I did not blame them. He was prince charming, who knew how to charm ladies. In no time, he became the favourite of my wife Tina too. He had a knack of taking liberties with women in such an innocent way that they would be flattered rather than feel offended.

Within the first three months Mr. Sethi was open with me and Tina. He would hug my wife on the smallest pretext. He addressed Tina as his girl friend and would shower so much praise on her for her beauty, stature etc. that my wife not only did not mind, but thoroughly enjoyed his appreciation and flirtations. It was after a long time that she was so highly appreciated and given importance. She would later recount to me what he had said and would blush all by herself. As a reward for such comments or flirtations; he would get a big smile and thank you from her. As the time progressed and she saw that I did not mind Mr. Sethi's overtures, my wife became bolder. If a slight opportunity presented itself, she willingly went and hugged him,.

I took a swipe at him for flirting with Tina. In response he said that he loved women. If they were beautiful, then he worshipped them. Tina was beautiful. He felt that women were the greatest gift of God. If they were beautiful; that meant they were special gift to special people. I was one such person to receive the excellent gift of God, he said. It was only because of women that this world survived. Without women's love, all mankind would have perished. 

He invited me to flirt with his wife. He said that he had no objection at all, if his wife accepted my overtures. He maintained that there should be no restriction in flirting. He always said, "You may flirt, but you should never hurt."

The first time I saw his wife, Mrs. Sethi (Sushma); her serene beauty hit me like a bolt. I looked at her eyes, chiselled face, thin frame with surprisingly well filled breasts and hips, hair cut short but deliberately planted to add features to her face, longish neck, small frame, and excellent dress sense. 

She had what one may call transparent body. It looked almost as if she was made of wax. Her complexion and all visible body parts were so fair that anyone would wonder if she was a model. Her most impressive feature was her eyes. She had deep green eyes with dark sharp and manicured eye lashes. She spoke with a ringing tone that reminded me of jingling of bell. With her different coloured (was it auburn?) hair cut short, she could easily be mistaken for a foreigner. She generally wore traditional Punjabi dress (Salwar Kurta). Her lips were thin and sharp and so were her cheek bones. She had dimples on her cheeks. She also wore jeans and sleeveless or half sleeve cotton top. She had that girlish baby face, which deceived men in guessing her correct age. I was more than impressed. She was certainly able to add fuel to my half doused fire

Mr. Sethi loved his wife very much and was very open in expressing his love for her in front of us as well. One evening, when we sat in our drawing room, to watch a late night movie on the TV, he sat with Sushma (Mrs. Sethi) close to him. There was a scene when the hero kisses heroine intimately. He was so enamoured seeing that scene that he pulled his wife closer and in front of us kissed her. After that he almost made her sit in his lap and all through the movie, kissed her back, neck, shoulder etc. in a very sexy way, overruling her protests. This was the first time that I and Tina saw such daring public exhibition of marital love. Tina was touched so much by his open expression of affection to his wife; that she moved closer to me and took my hands and made me caress them. Her initiative was a big surprise for me. After that evening, such sittings became regular. 

I found Mr. Sethi a tremendous guy. He was very considerate and helpful and endearing. I began to open up to him. Somehow, I liked him and he liked me very much. He was open to us from the start. One Sunday, Tina and Mrs. Sethi went out together for shopping in local market. Children were playing in the park. It was cold and Mr. Sethi and I were sitting on a long sofa in his house, side by side covering ourselves in a woollen blanket and watching some boring TV programme. We started talking. I narrated to him some problems I faced in my office. I told him that I fully trusted him and I was not keeping any secret from him. He immediately caught my hand and told me that the trust was mutual. He promised me that he would also not keep any secret from me, including the most intimate nature of secrets. 

He told me that he would even reveal all the secrets between him and his wife. I was slightly surprised at the way our talk took turn. However, I agreed that I would also do the same. Suddenly, Mr. Sethi asked me if I would like to watch a blue film. I was surprised; but agreed. He asked me to close doors and started the film. He returned and got back into the blanket by my side. 

The film did not have any plot. It showed different people performing sex together. Suddenly he inserted his hand into my trousers and asked me if I felt horny looking at the film. I felt so awkward feeling his hand between my two legs. I pushed his hand away and said that I am not a homosexual. I could see a trace of pain on his face. He said that he was not a homo either. He said that he wanted to touch me because; he felt that I was his closest friend and we should have no secret between us. I felt sorry for him. I remembered that in my early college days, one of my close friends and I masturbated each other, though none of us was a homo. 

I slid closer to him and said I did not mean to hurt him. I picked his hand and placed it on my cock. I was erect already. I put my hand into his pyjama and touched his rod. I was shocked to feel its length. It was quite big. I felt that mine would feel almost like a mouse in comparison. Mind you, mine was a good five inches long. Satish (Mr. Sethi) all the while did not comment on my cock and masturbated me to ejection in such a loving way that I almost fell in love with him.

After ejection of our both the cocks I told him that I felt very awkward at doing that and would not like to repeat it. He said that he considered that act as an oath that he and I took not to keep any secret between us. He said that he would reveal his deepest secret to me and I should swear that I would also do the same. He asked me if I agreed with him and if I was prepared to take such an oath. Then in a dramatic fashion, he put his hand on my cock and made me put my hand on his and he and I both took the oath that we would never hide any secret, (and when we said "any", we meant "any") from each other. He also swore and made me swear that we would always help each other and share all our things without exception. At that time, I did not know what exactly that meant. Did it mean sharing our wives? I wondered but did not have the courage to ask him. All the same, I took the oath; because I saw a possibility of having a go at his wife. I was going crazy for her and was thinking about her all the time. 

Mrs. And Mr. Sethi (Sushma and Satish) were slightly older, by about 4 years, than us. There was a difference of about 6 years between their ages. We therefore addressed them as Mrs. and Mr. Sethi. Mr. Sethi was the same height as I was. Sushma and Tina were almost the same build and size. 

As soon as we set up our house pretty well, we invited Sethis for dinner for the first time, I suspected that a story had already begun developing between Mr. Sethi and Tina. That evening, I saw that Tina paid special attention to Satish (Mr. Sethi) as compared to the rest. Not because she served food to him frequently; but the way she bent a bit more than normal whilst serving and went a bit closer to him than necessary. On his part, Mr. Sethi looked for an opportunity for my wife to serve her. He took only very small helping, so that he was able to ask for something or the other. When she bent, he would not miss the opportunity to look deep into her cleavage. He would extend his arm such that my wife's breasts would have to brush his arm. I felt that the attraction between them was more than just friendly. Tina was overtaken by Mr. Sethi's charms. From day one, Mr. Sethi was so attentive to my wife that in no time; Tina was waiting for Mr. Sethi to visit us in the evening every day. Invariably he would come with his wife at about 9.30 pm after we had finished our dinner. 

Mr. Sethi did not disguise his attraction for my wife and would go and sit next to her. Consequently, Sushma sat next to me and there would be two parallel lines of talk. This suited me fine and I would encourage Mr. Sethi and Tina to have their own group discussion. 

Tina and I were married for almost 7 years. That spark in our life was long gone. I was very disappointed with the situation where sex was not such a sparkling affair as it had been. In our marriage of the past 7 years, we did everything. We had sex in all positions and at all places. I was looking for avenues to make our sex life sparkle and make my wife demand sex. She had lost interest in sex and it was a mundane exercise for both of us. She allowed me to fuck her because she thought it was her duty and I fucked her because I had to satisfy my urge. In the intervening period, I had and encounter with our maid once (that is a separate story). However, that proved to be a problem in our married life. My wife learnt of my adventure and we had a big heated argument followed by weeks of acrimony and separation in bed

When I saw Mr. Sethi's fancy for my wife, and her reciprocating his feelers subtly; I was excited. It was strange that I should have felt excited that another person was fancying my wife. The reason was that I felt that after a long time some excitement was likely to bloom in our lives. Another reason was that whenever there was some incidence of flirting by Mr. Sethi, my wife got exited. She would respond well in bed. There was another reason of that also. I have to admit that I found Mrs. Sethi very exciting. Whenever I had a chance of speaking to her alone, I got turned on. I dreamt of her. Once I even fucked her in my dreams. I was very restless with the situation and did not want this to end in a whimper or a fiasco. I was in turmoil and wanted to find some way forward. I saw a possibility of reciprocity; wherein Mr. Sethi flirted with my wife and I flirted with his wife and none will be a loser.

One night, I wanted to check my wife's reaction about Mr. Sethi. I started the topic in a normal way. I said, "Tina, I and Mr. Sethi were talking in the evening today. Mr. Sethi was all praise for you. It seems that he is tremendously impressed with you. He says you are a special gift of God to me. He feels that you are not only very beautiful; you are a wonderful cook and a very intelligent person. Mr. Sethi is a very intelligent person himself and such a tribute coming from him is a great compliment. Not only did he say that; he said that I was very lucky to have you as my wife. He said he wished, you were his wife." I added the last part. 

I could see her blushing profusely. She was quiet for some time; then she said, "Well, he is handsome and he is also intelligent and nice." I could see her star eyed expression. She hesitated indicating that she perhaps wanted to say something but decided to hold back. Perhaps she wanted to avoid praising another male in front of her husband. I knew that at that time, she was at a vulnerable point. I wanted to tell her to move ahead with Mr. Sethi. However, I also wanted not to move things too fast, so as to avoid conflicts..

(Earlier, in our bedroom many times, I and Tina had discussion on whether a longer penis satisfies a woman better. Tina always told me that she was happy with me and with the size of my penis. Mind you, I am not small. I have more than 5 inches(almost 6 inches) long penis, when it is erect. When I repeatedly persisted with her on the subject, she said that if I had bigger penis, she would have felt better. Thus she admitted that she would love a bigger penis.) 

We were quiet for some time as she was caressing my cock in her hand. I slowly injected a half truth in the conversation. I said to her in low voice, "I went to meet Mr. Sethi at his office today. He asked about you. He praised your dressing sense. He told me that the way you wore your saree yesterday was cute. He did say that he liked your slim waist like an hour glass. He did not say it, but I think, he liked seeing your belly button and the area slightly below it." Tina blushed profusely. 

She asked, "Did I wear my saree so low yesterday?"

I paused for a while and continued in the same low tone for maximum impact; ignoring her question, "Then both of us went to wash room for a pee. I was standing next to him. I could look at his dick. It was long and thick. It must be an inch and half longer than mine." I stopped. I expected a strong rebuff from my wife. I expected her to question me why I should look at other's organs. 

Instead, she was speechless. After a while, when I thought that the discussion was over, she asked me in a subdued, almost inaudible voice, "You are just pulling my leg. Aren't you? Did you really see his penis? How could it be bigger than yours? You are big already." I could detect suppressed excitement in her voice. I knew at that time, there were many thoughts going in her mind. I wish I could guess what they were. She had asked me questions. However, she did not ask me why was I telling her all this or she did not curse me to stoop so low as to see other's private parts; which she would have done under different circumstances..
