 "Hi Yan",

Ray was smiling at her as he she walked into the kitchen.

"Your place is always so neat. I wish you would come around and tidy up my place!"

Blushing red she looked away.

She had not been looking forward to this moment since an embarrassing event last week.

That day had been warm and she had been going about her housework naked which she enjoyed.

Straightening up from where she had been re-arranging the floor cushions she had caught his reflection in the mirror watching her from the study.

Ray and her husband often played around on the computer on the weekends but on this day she hadn't realized he was there.

Her first instinct was to cover herself and run out of the room, but then she thought it better to pretend she hadn't seen him, so she finished the job quickly and walked back into the kitchen.

Afterwards she was angry that he had been looking at her secretly, but when she thought more, she realized she felt good that her naked body had interested him.

Her husband did not seem so interested in her in that way recently.

Ray was a friendly guy, and sometimes when he and her husband had played basket ball in the yard she had found herself admiring his tall slim body and young smile.

That evening boys were having some beers in the computer room, so she went to watch the TV in her room.

It was dark, and an unfamiliar program was on the TV. She must have dozed.

Bill wasn't beside her, so she walked out to the lounge.

A woman's voice was crying out Ooohh, Ohhh, Yes, Yes! and she heard Ray and Bill's low voices in the background.

They were watching porn movies!

Standing behind the door she heard them talking about what was on the screen and just as she was about to go back to bed, she heard something which froze her in her tracks.

Ray was saying "You're a lucky bloke mate" your wife looks better than these girls. I saw her doing the housework the other week"

Couldn't believe my luck!"

I looked around the door to see where you had gone and saw her bare bottom bending over messing about with the cushions"

God, what a view!

If I were you mate, I wouldn't be able to keep my hands off her.

Just to see that full moon as she bent over, I was hard as a rock.

Couldn't wait to get home and finish the job.

I owe you one mate!

She heard Bill laugh.

"Ah you get used to it mate.

She walks around like that all the time"

I tell her sometimes "For Gods sake puts some clothes on. You'll put me off my dinner!"

They both laughed.

God, I'd never get enough of looking at that body mate.

She'll be fast asleep with nothing on in the other room." You can have another look if you like" Came Bill's voice.

Her heart stopped.

This was a side of her husband she could never have dreamed existed.

"Ah mate I'd love to, but would it be OK?

I mean it doesn't seem right." Ray replied.

No worries it'll be fine mate.

You just said she showed you everything she's got already.

If you're lucky she'll be flat on her back with her tits all over the place.

My God! She'd show him!

Quietly she hurried back to her room and lay on the bed pretending to be asleep.

As she heard them come to the door she stretched out her legs, and then very slowly drew her hand across her breasts as if some cool breeze had disturbed her sleep.

She imagined she could hear their quick breathing.

Time for the grand finale!

Pretending to half wake up she rolled over on her side to give them a good look at her bottom.

After they went back to their movie, her mind was whirling about what she had just heard!

An idea came to her of how to have some fun and teach him not to take her for granted at the same time.

After a few minutes she put on a very small sleeping jacket top went to join the boys in the lounge.

"What are you guys watching so late?"

Bill looked embarrassed.

Although she knew he was interested in porn movies, she had never caught him watching them before.

Ray was too interested in looking at her body in the light of the TV to be worried.

"Room for one more?"

Without waiting for the answer she sat on the lounge between them.

"Don't you want to put some clothes on babe?

Can't you see we have a guest?"

He's seen it all before haven't you Ray?"

Last time you weren't in a rush to look the other way"

Now it was Ray's turn to blush.

Deliberately she leaned back on the lounge and draped one leg over Bill's.

Ray's eyes swivelled from the screen to where her hand only partly covered the small black triangle in her lap.

On the screen was a close up of an enormous penis thrusting in and out of plump shaven woman.

Surprisingly the exaggerated motions and theatrical groans were making her excited.

Involuntarily she gripped her legs together and pushed the heel of her palm into her lap as she watched it hold still with just the head inside then pulse rhythmically.

She sighed a soft "ooohh" as it jerked all the way out followed by a river of creamy white.

Never before had she seen what a woman looked like so close.

It looked more complicated and more exciting than she ever expected.

"Do I look like that?"

"Sure babe. they all look the same"

Bill seemed slightly impatient that she was interrupting the movie.

"Ray doesn't think so Hon, he wants to check for himself, don't you Ray?"

She shifted the leg which was on Bill's lap as if to allow Ray's hungry eyes access to her.

As he began to move closer she laughed and closed her legs again.

"Wow, these movies really do get you guys hot don't they?"

"I think our guest would prefer to see real show. Wouldn't you Ray?"

Without waiting for a reply she dropped her head into Bill's lap and wriggled his shorts down to expose him.

Taking her instruction from the flickering pictures on the screen view she lifted her bottom high towards Ray knowing the short jacket would expose her completely and slowly took her husband in her mouth as deep as she could.

She really enjoyed the feel and taste of him as he let out a low groan and started to move in time with her.

Half her mind was on the hard flesh sliding between her soft wet lips, and half on her own burning excitement.

Bill seemed to be still watching the movie, content to be serviced to his usual quick conclusion, but she could sense movement from behind her and ached to see if Ray was enjoying her show.

It gave her a tinge of regret to think her husband was more interested in the movie than her living flesh. He was the one who should be appreciating the soft curves of her bottom and her freely swinging breasts

She reached behind her and found Ray's hand to draw him to her side.

"You can touch if you want". She breathed.

His hand tentatively reached for her breast and touched its wrinkled tip.

She covered it with hers and crushing it to her showed him how to gently squeeze her then surrendered herself to the storm roaring inside.

Ray's was holding himself so close to her face should could hear his hand moving back and forward on himself and feel the heat of his excitement.

Without thinking she let Bill fall from her lips and took Ray into her mouth.

Her hand stretched between his legs and cradled him.

He strained forward as she caressed him.

Now she had Bill's attention.

His eyes were fixed on her sucking lips and what was slipping in and out from between them.

Without losing contact she motioned her husband to the floor beside her.

Straddling him wide, her hand went behind and guided him in.

The feeling was electric.

Bill was deep in her from underneath grabbing urgently at her bottom and pulling her back and forward on him.

Ray was moving quicker and quicker and his hands caressed her aching breasts harder and harder.

The current was flowing like an electric river from her soft melting belly to the hard brown peaks of her breasts, to her stroking lips.

In her mouth she felt a new urgency and as Ray swelled and quivered a new taste flooded her mouth.

Hungrily she sucked it from him, but instead of falling softly from her mouth as she expected it stayed hard and clenched.

Her senses were blurred.

She wanted to show Bill her womanliness, and she wanted Ray in her.

Bill's eyes showed his surprise and fear as she lifted herself from him.

"I love you" she mouthed at him, as sitting facing the other she opened herself and drew him into her.

Between her legs her fattened lips stretched around him.

Her insides were molten and flooding over him.

Her screaming muscles gripped it inside, and eyes closed, she felt every shock and tingle as it burrowed deep into her waiting flesh.

Not all eyes were closed.

She felt Bill gently lift her and move her forward.

She felt herself, throbbing and still filled, exposed to him, and then he was close behind her.

His hands were strong on her back, they were under her belly, they were rolling her pointed breasts between their fingers.

Crazy hungry she grabbed and sucked his fingers into her mouth. In and out in desperate rhythm with the pumping force within her.

The storm was building to a swirling sucking cyclone.

It drew his trembling fingers down to where the pulsing storm was strongest.

It formed a new centre for her whirling frenzy and pushed in.

She screamed.

Rocking and writhing every nerve was overloaded.

She would die.

The teasing finger withdrew, and in panic she felt something larger and insistent being pressed against her there.

She cried out as it entered that unknown place wanting it more and more.

The hands were in her mouth, and on her breast and gripping her bucking body.

Two men were filling every part of her.

She was bursting.

The feelings from the front of her and the behind and from her mouth and her breasts were all joined into a furious storm deep in her belly.

She couldn't separate anything anymore and she plunged over the edge and was engulfed.

In peace, her hand trailed from her damp breasts to her sticky middle.

Her skin felt good under her trembling hand.

She was very happy because she had proven herself to herself.

Bill would always be different with her now.

He knew her strength.

He knew her womanliness.