 My wife and I are both on our second marriages. Our previous marriages were both very similar in that our sex lives in those marriages were awful. For me, I was lucky if I had sex 6 times a year and for her, she told me she would close her eyes and drift off into fantasy land while having sex with her ex. So when we met and there was instant attraction both mentally and physically we were in heaven. 

Our sex life together was and is spectacular. I went from being lucky to have sex 5 or 6 times a year to having sex 2 or 3 times a day. Even now after being together almost 15 years we still have sex at least once a day, whether it be a quickie in the morning before work or a down and dirty fuck session with toys and spankings, or a long slow love making session at night. We have explored with all kinds of toys on each other. While Molly doesn't like any type of anal play, giving or getting, I do enjoy it once in awhile when she does me with one of her vibrating dildos. But I do have to be in the mood and have a lot of lube. 

We attended a party at a neighbors house and as usual after several bottles of wine the topic of sex came up and all the husbands complaining about not having sex often enough and of course the question gets thrown out, how often does everybody have sex, once a week, twice a week, three times a week. Molly and I just sat there quietly laughing to ourselves, thinking, 3 times a week? We had just done it 3 times that day. 

We have talked many times about our past sex lives, adventures and fantasies. I had had a 3some with two married women about a year bore Molly and I met. She was very interested in what exactly went on between the 3 of us. So I told her all the fun details of having 2 horny women in bed at the same time. I asked Molly if she had ever thought of having a 3some, MFM.

Molly's response was no, she had no interest in a MFM 3some at all, but ever since she could remember she had always fantasized about being with another woman. Not really knowing what she wanted to do with another woman, but she always had an itch that had never been scratched. Naturally this peeked my interest. 

So yes our sex life was fantastic and kept both of us completely fulfilled, or so we thought at the time. 

Molly is a tall blonde beauty, 5'8", 130 lbs ish, D cup enhanced breast with beautiful nipples that are always at attention and ultra sensitive. You can almost make her cum just from sucking on them. She has long slender legs and a perfectly shaped butt, especially when bent over. She keeps her pussy smooth, as she had laser hair removal on the fun parts. 

She works out regularly, but wouldn't call her a gym rat. She does spin class several days a week, lifts some weights and also jogs.

I am Mark, 6'1", 205 lbs ish, black hair with grey starting to take hold. I used to work out lifting weights fairly regularly, but several years ago I took up mountain biking again and that is my main form of exercise now. So I have less of that football build now and I am a bit leaner. 

Our sex lives as we knew them in our current marriage took on a different direction about 3 years ago when our close friends and neighbors Tim and Amy were over for dinner. 

A little about Tim and Amy, they live 4 houses away from us on the same street and we have been best friends since the day we moved into the neighborhood. We have dinner together at least once a week, either at their place or ours or at the local Mexican place down the street. The neighborhood often makes fun of us always being together and has nicknamed us the 4 musketeers. 

Amy is the opposite of Molly. Amy is not as tall, around 5'5" and very curvy in a very sensual way. She has a dark complexion, being of African American and Mexican decent. Smaller breast than Molly, but extremely perky, they fit her body perfectly.

Tim is about the same height as me, but slender. He has more of a long distance runner physique. Tim is dirty blonde with deep blue eyes. The two of them make a strikingly good looking couple. Molly has always said she finds both of them very attractive. 

So as I said we do everything together and hang out at our place a lot. We have a hot tub and it is not uncommon for us all to go hot tubing together naked, just as friends, no sexual content other than the usual teasing and flirting amongst friends. The women would always make us men wait inside while they went out to the hot tub first and get in naked in a lame attempt at being modest. 

As I said there is often friendly flirting and teasing amongst us all, never thinking of it ever leading anywhere. 

One Friday night after a little bit too much wine, Amy blurts out, "I am so horny why don't we all get naked and play around, Mark, I am dying to get in bed naked with you." 

Molly, Tim and I all swallowed our wine and looked at Amy dump founded. 

Tim, "Honey, I know we have talked about that in bed together fantasizing but you never mentioned telling them"

Molly and I just sat there speechless. 

WHAT? Our two best friends have fantasized about having sex with us? How is it we never had any idea of their desire. Was the friendly teasing and flirting their way of hoping for more?

Before we could ask any questions, Tim said, "I think it is time for me to take this one home and put her to bed, she has obviously had a little too much to drink." 

Amy: Yes I think I have, but that doesn't change anything.

Tim: Honey, let's get you home and into bed.

Amy: Do I get to bring Mark with me? 

Molly and I were laughing now, not really knowing how to handle this situation. It completely caught us off guard.

As we walked them to the door, Tim said, "Sorry if Amy embarrassed you or made you uncomfortable, I never thought Amy would actually as you two if you would be open to exploring with us."

And with that he half carried Amy, who was barely awake now, out the door and down the street to their home. 

Molly and I cleaned up the kitchen both giggling and somewhat nervous to ask the other what they thought of Amy's outburst. 

We went up to bed with my mind full of unanswered questions. Our best friends were fantasizing about having sex with us? Exploring sexually with them? Had they done this before with other friends? My mind was reeling with questions and the thought of it all had me super horny.

I asked Molly what she thought of it all and her response shocked me even more than Amy admitting her and Tim wanted to have sex with us. 

Molly; I have always fantasized about being with another woman as you know, especially a very sexy petite brunette and Amy certainly covers all those bases. 

Me: Well Amy didn't say anything about you and her in bed together. Do you know if she is bi or curious at all?

Me: Would it bother you, seeing me in bed with her?

Molly: I am not sure. 

As I said earlier while we had talked about our past sexual experiences many times, but the thought of swinging per say never came up. And while we would watch porn of 3somes and girl on girl play, neither of us ever voiced that we should give it a try

But now here we were, our best friends admitting they fantasize about us and Molly admitting she has had a long time bi curiosity that she never thought she could act upon.

I asked Molly if she was sexually attracted to Amy or Tim, it is one thing to say someone is attractive, but a completely different thing to want to take that attraction to a physical place, especially our best friends.

Molly's response was, " DAAAAA Amy is gorgeous and so sexy, that beautiful brown skin and her ass is a work of art. To be honest I fantasize about her all the time when I masturbate, thinking about kissing her and rolling around naked with her skin to skin.

She didn't answer whether she knew if Amy was bi or curious. 

She then asked me what I thought of it all and had I ever thought of moving our friendship to a friendship with benefits type of relationship with Tim and Amy.

I told her that, yes I had often wondered if the two of them would ever want to push the friendly flirting and teasing further. I told her; I know you are attracted to Tim, you have told me so more than once. The thought of seeing you and Amy having sex together HAS been the topic of many a masturbation session.

So, we know Amy's desires, how do you feel about Tim? Do you want to get naked with him as well? I see the way he looks at you and touches you every chance he can. 

Molly: Well Tim is very handsome, and has those great runners' legs and butt. And I do enjoy his goodbye kisses. He has a wonderful tongue.

Me: Well it does explain how those good bye kisses from each of them seems to be getting longer and longer. And I thought I was imagining it last week when Amy kissed me, but she had her mouth open and her tongue brushed across my lips. 

Molly: Oh, Tim as been tongue kissing me for a while now. I figured you and Amy were doing the same thing. 

Me: Damn, guess I am not as fast on the draw as you and Tim. 

We both laughed.

Molly: So, what do you think? Should we tell them we are interested in adding some benefits to our already wonderful friendship? 

Molly grabbed my throbbing cock and said, "I will take this raging hard on you have as a big fat YES" 

Me: Well you have been riding that vibrator since you got in bed, don't think for a second I didn't hear it, even if you have it on low. 

Molly: Ok, if we are going to do this we need to have some ground rules ok?

Me: Babe, whatever you say, you set all the rules and boundaries.

Molly: Ok, I am fine with you and Amy making out and going down on each other, BUT not intercourse ok? And I don't want Tim to fuck me either. We finish off with our own partners. Ok?

Me: Sounds good to me babe. What about you and Amy? Any limits for you two? If, she is interested that is.

Me: Maybe you two can use that strap on we experimented with a while back. 

Molly: Oh my, I forgot about that, but you my horny husband are getting way ahead of yourself, we are not sure where all of this will actually lead with them. For all we know, next time we see Amy, she will say it was just the wine talking and she never meant any to happen for real

Molly: Also, I don't think I want the first woman I have sex with to be Amy.

Me: What? What does that mean? You have someone else in mind? 

Molly: No, just, I think I would like to practice with someone else first. Maybe we could find another single woman for me to have my first experience with. 

Me: Well, we can try, but I don't think it is that easy to find single women willing to have sex with a couple.

Molly: OH, you won't be having any sex with her mister, she would be just for me to explore with. You can watch, but no touching. 

Me: Once again babe, you set the rules.

Molly: Ok, how about we go to that club we went to back when we were dating, that sex club, we should be able to find a lady there to bring home.

Some back story on that, Molly is a bit of exhibitionist and when we first started dating she liked to go to sex clubs and have sex in front of a crowd. No swapping or anything just us two having sex. It was a real turn on for her, didn't really do much for me, but if it made her happy I was all for it. So this was the club she was referring too. It was an upscale place and only allowed couples and single ladies in. The several times we went, I didn't remember seeing many single ladies there, but that was 10 years ago and I have read since then that the club had become fairly popular.

Me: Ok babe, we can go tomorrow night and see if you can lure a sexy lady home. 

Molly: Ok, let's go out to dinner first and make it a fun night in hopes of my first bi experience. Now put this hard on to work.

The next morning I asked her if she still wanted to go through with everything we talked about last night.

I took the fact that she was putting new batteries in her dildo as a YES.

Molly: Babe, you need to trim up my pussy a bit, we were supposed to have a laser appointment last week, but they canceled. 

I love trimming her hot little pussy. Even with laser removal it is still necessary to trim up some stragglers. 

Molly pussy is spectacular by the way. It is the best tasting pussy I have ever eaten. I think her vegetarian diet has something to do with it. 

Saturday night we headed out to dinner. Molly dressed in a killer black skirt with a red blouse and black high heels. She looked smoking hot and dressed to kill, or fuck in this case. 

We got to the club around 9: 30 after having stopped at a nearby bar so Molly could have a couple of shots of liquid courage. 

The recent review was correct; the place was hopping and packed with some very attractive couples and single ladies. Not all, but most of the single ladies were attractive and it wasn't long until Molly had spotted a very sexy petite brunette woman at the bar, drinking alone. 

This was going to be fun to watch as Molly attempted to pick up this gorgeous young woman at the bar. I leaned in and said, what are you waiting for? She has been glancing at us since we walked in and she didn't take her eyes off you when you went to the bathroom. 

With that Molly took another gulp of her drink and was starting to slide out of our booth when the gorgeous woman at the bar walked over to us and said, hello, my name is Kate, you two are a very attractive couple, do you come here often? 

She caught us both off guard and we must have looked like complete idiots, sitting there staring at her for what seemed like 10 minutes. Molly finally broke the silence and responded with, nice to meet you Kate, we are Mark and Molly, no we don't come here often, well we used to come here a few years back, but haven't been here in quite some time. How about you, do you come here often Kate? 

Kate: No, this is my first time here. I just moved here 3 months ago and work has had me so busy I haven't had time to get out and meet or make any new friends. I read about this place in the city magazine and figure, what the hell, time to push my boundaries a bit. I was about to give up and leave when you two walked in. You two don't 't look like any of the other couples here, they all look like they come here pretty regularly and aren't too interested in getting to know someone other than, do you like to be on top or bottom. 

Molly and I laughed a bit of a nervous laugh to that and I thought that was a bit of an odd way to describe ones sexual preference. Top or bottom.

Kate was still standing at our table when I finally said; would you like to join us? Have a seat and I will go get us a round of drinks.

Molly: here Kate, sit next to me. I love your dress.

Kate: thank you, I was admiring your outfit when you walked in as well; you have a very hot body and are very pretty 

Molly. Thank you, that is very nice of you to say. You are very pretty as well. 

Kate: So, what brings you here tonight? As I said, you don't look like the rest of the couples.

Molly: oh uh we just wanted a night out somewhere different than the norm. We used to come here when we first started dating about 12 years ago. This club has really grown up since then. It so much nicer now, before it really had the feel of a strip club and it was very rare to see any single ladies in here, let alone beautiful ladies like you Kate. In all honesty Kate, I can be a bit of an exhibitionist. hehe

Kate: are you and Mark swingers? Sorry if I am a bit forward, I am very nervous; I am beginning to think I am not cut out for a place like this. I went out tonight just looking to meet some fun people and push my comfort level a bit, but this place may be beyond my limits.

Molly: Kate seriously, what did you really come here for tonight, trying to find a friend? I mean this is after all sex club and you are gorgeous single lady. Mark and I spotted you as soon as we walked in. 

Kate: to be honest, I was so damn horny all day I need to get out and then I read about this place in the city magazine this afternoon and told myself, what the hell Kate, you need to get out and have some fun. But until you two walked in I was starting to think I had lost my mind. No way was I going to meet a woman or couple to befriend. She said giggling.

I returned with the drinks and 2 double shots for the ladies. I figured a little more liquid courage wouldn't hurt. 

I asked; what have you two been talking about. 

Molly: never you mind, it is girl talk.

They both laughed and Molly reached out and put her hand on Kate's leg. Which made Kate grin from ear to ear and she moved in closer to Molly.

Kate told us she was new in town and hadn't made any new friends since she got here. She was beginning to think something was wrong with her and that taking the job promotion that moved her here was a mistake. It was far from that, Kate was beautiful. She is 5'7", 125 lb, full C cup tits, jet black shoulder length hair, blue eyes, and she is mixed race like Amy, African American and Asian, gorgeous. She told us she was raised in Florida and her job promotion brought her to the west coast. 

We chit chatted for awhile and I got up to get us another round of drinks. 

Kate and Molly were sitting right next to each other by now and they had their hands on each other's legs as they talked. As I ordered the drinks I saw them get up to dance with each other. Kate was a great dancer, very sensuous and took every opportunity she could to touch Molly or rub up against her.

While they were dancing I asked the bar tender if he knew anything about Kate, I had read that some working girls sneak into the club some times. We didn't need any surprises like that tonight.

He said he had never seen her before and would have known if she was working girl. He did say she seemed pretty nervous while sitting at the bar. 

When I got back to the table with the drinks I looked up and didn't see the girls on the dance floor anywhere and for a minute I was worried. They came out of the bathroom about 10 minutes later both giggling with arms around each other. Molly's blouse a little rumbled and her skirt a bit a skew. 

Molly sat down next to me in the booth and leaned in and whispered in my ear, I changed my mind; you can do more than watch Kate and me tonight. With that she handed me her panties and said, Kate took these off me in the bathroom. She has an amazing tongue. 

My cock was instantly straining against my pants and Molly ran her hand over it and whispered, easy big fella, that is going to need all its strength tonight.

Kate slide into the booth on the other side of me and leaned in and kissed me on the mouth and then said, Molly's pussy taste delicious doesn't it?

Me: well it looks like you two ladies are getting along fine. Should we stay here or do you want to take this party back to our house? The hot tub is on. 

Kate: that sounds nice, this place to stuffy anyways. 

Molly: honey, why don't you go get the car and Kate and I will meet you out front. 

Me: ok, but one of you will have to move so I can slide out. 

Kate: slide out this way Mark.

As I did, Kate put her hand in my lap and grabbed my hard on through my pants and said laughing to Molly, you win Molly, he is hard as a rock. 

The drive home took forever, especially with the two women sitting in the back making out the whole way and me trying to focus on the road. Half the way home, they both threw their bras over my head as I drove. Damn near caused me to run off the road.

By the time we pulled into the garage they were both in heat and my cock was in pain from being stuck in my pants.

When we got in the house, Kate went to the bathroom and I asked Molly again, are you sure about all of this? No regrets in the morning.

Molly: oh honey, thank you for asking but this is so much fun. Kate is so hot and has a very special surprise for you. Why don't you go get the hot tub robes and we will meet you in the tub.
