 Sunday evening Molly and I spent most of the night talking about our adventures with Kate affected our decision to explore with Tim and Amy. 

Me: so how does all of this affect our relationship with Tim and Amy? Are you still up for expanding our friendship to include benefits? What are the boundaries with them now? Is it still everything but fucking them?

Molly: hmm my mind has been swirling with thoughts since we dropped off Kate this morning. I never intended to let someone else fuck me, let alone a TGirl. I really thought it was just going to be my first experience with a woman, but from the moment she kissed me in the bathroom I was wet and horny. Then when I found out she was a Tgirl, my mind went straight to kink town and all our fantasy talks came flooding into my mind. 

Molly: so I think what we do with Kate our little secret. If we have her over with other people around we can say we met her in Mexico on vacation. No one needs to know about her fun surprise between her legs, ok? 

Me: that works for me. So what about Tim and Amy? 

Molly: well I think we continue with what we decided the other night. We let them know we are interested in adding benefits to our current fantastic friendship, with the boundaries I said. No fucking each other and hopefully Amy is interested in exploring some girl/girl time. Although that worries me, as I am not ready to eat pussy, but if she wants to go down on me, I am more than happy to oblige. 

Me: ok, so this weekend up at the cabin we can let them know how we feel. 

As we were getting dinner ready, Tim and Amy stopped by with a bottle of wine. 

Molly took Amy by the hand and the two ladies went out to the backyard as Tim and I went and got some wine glasses from the kitchen. 

While we were in the kitchen Tim said; hey sorry about the other night, we have been worried sick that Amy's drunken admission would affect our friendship.

Me: don't worry about it, Molly and I have been talking about what she said and I think you might like what she has to say. Let's go outside and see what the ladies are up to.

We brought the wine and glasses out to the backyard where the girls were sitting very close to each other whispering and giggling.

Amy: Tim, Molly and Mark want to add benefits to our friendship and Molly is as attracted to me as I am to her.

Me: Molly, you could have at least waited until we were all together.

We all laughed a bit nervously to what we had just decided to add to our friendship. 

Tim: well this is great, now I wish we didn't have to cancel this weekend at the cabin, but my parents said they want to use the cabin this weekend. 

Molly: well, we can just start our new friendship this Friday night here. Dinner, hot tub, massages and then whatever else happens. But, we do have some boundaries we want to stay within, ok? 

Molly said; First; No fucking. So Amy, you can't fuck my husband and I won't fuck yours, but everything else is fair game including toys.

Tim; no male/male contact either, an occasional sword crossing I understand but not open interaction.

Me: that works for me. No desires to touch you Tim, or have you touch me in a sexual manner. 

Molly: oh one other thing, have you two ever done something like this before? This will be new for us. 

Both Amy and Tim looked at each other with shit eating smirks on their face and Amy said; ah well we did push the envelope one time before with the Grants and a friend couple of theirs. 

Me: the Grants? Fugley Jim Grant and is hot wife? She is hot, but he is a total dork.

Amy: yeah that's them, plus he has a tiny dick. 

Tim; Hun, both the guys there that night had little dicks.

We all laughed and then Molly said; Tim you probably think every guy has a little dick.

I looked at Molly and thought to myself, why would she say that?

Tim and Amy continued to explain that they had been invited over to the Grants house for what they thought was a dinner party. When they got there, there was one other couple there that they didn't know and it was the same situation as the Grant's, HOT wife with a fugley husband. They said from the time they got there it was an odd atmosphere. The 2 women were all over each other and kept touching Amy and finding every excuse under the sun to give her a kiss. Then they suggested they play a game of Monopoly, which sounded fun to Tim and Amy. As they set up the game Amy kept asking if she could be the banker and wanted to start counting out the fake money for everyone. 

Sarah Grant said; oh we don't use that paper money, we play a little different. She went on to explain the rules. 

Everybody is given a section of the board with properties and each property starts out with a hotel on it, when you land on someone else's hotel you have to pay the rent with an article of clothing. 

Amy and Tim said that sounded harmless and like fun. They were both more than a little interested to see Sarah naked.

Amy asked, what happens when you are out of clothes. They all laughed and said that's when the real fun starts; you get to tell the tenant what to do to you or anybody else at the table to pay the rent. 

Amy and Tim were a little nervous about this part but they had talked about wanting to push their sexual boundaries a bit so this may be the time. 

So they reluctantly played, as they both thought the two wives were hot, they decided when the game got to the point where the men started requesting sex they wound stop the game and bow out. This was exactly what happened. 

Amy said she got to kiss and fondle the women's tits a bit, but then it got uncomfortable so they decided to bow out of the game. Amy said that was the extent of their foray into swinging so far. 

Me: anybody want to play Monopoly? 

Everybody laughed and we said, ok so Friday night our place around 7 for dinner and whatever else comes up. 

Needless to say it was a very long week. 

During the week Molly had lunch with Kate to see how she would feel about seeing Kate again when she wasn't in complete horny mode like last weekend. When she got home she said; she told me that the attraction was still there and that she had invited Kate to go wine tasting with us on Sunday afternoon. 

It sounded good to me. Truthfully I didn't hear much of what Molly said, my mind had been in a cloud all week thinking about last weekend's adventures with Kate plus the anticipation of this coming weekend had me sporting a chubby all week. 

Friday night finally arrived. Molly and I had made sure we were both as smooth and hair free as possible for the night. 

Dinner was a bit tense as the sexual tension was more than obvious. Normally we would all tease and flirt with each other and play grab ass, tonight we all seemed a bit too nervous to be so playful. When we finished dinner I noticed we hadn't even finished ONE bottle of wine, which is a true rarity for the four of us, so as the ladies cleared the table I pulled out a bottle of tequila from our last trip to Cancun. 

I said, I think we all need a little liquid courage to relax and let whatever happens, happen naturally without forcing anything. 

Amy laughed out loud and said something under her breath that I just barely made out as, "oh, there is going to be some forcing going on if Tim has any say" 

After a few shots, we all loosened up and the conversation started to flow like normal. Amy and Molly were openly flirting with each other as well as with us men now. Amy made the first move and actually slid her hand up Molly's skirt and said; wow, nice, that is so smooth, hope mine is as smooth, I know it is as wet. 

That was it; Molly suggested we get in the hot tub, since we could all use less clothing.

This time the girls didn't ask us to wait in the other room while they got undressed. Instead we all stripped down right there. Tim was off to my right and a little bit behind me as he got naked with Molly standing in front of me facing him. As I started to undress I noticed her face and the look of amazement and what I am sure was pure lust. 

Now Tim and I have played softball together for several years and bike ride together as well as work out at the gym together, plus we have hot tubbed, so how I never noticed he was seriously HUNG is beyond me. But his cock flaccid looked to be about the same size of my 7" hard cock. 

I just said, damn Tim, or should I say Mr. Ed, how big is that thing?

Molly said to my surprise; 9.75 inches, just shy of 10 inches 

Amy said giggling; uh good guess Molly, you are correct.

I thought how does my wife know how big Tim's cock is when it is hard

I just shook my head and said damn. 

Molly on the other hand was completely speechless, and I noticed she had one had between her legs rubbing her clit; she obviously liked what she saw. I think my wife was enjoying this new sexual freedom we had decided to explore together. 

As we walked out to the hot tub, Amy hung back with me and said, don't be intimidated by Tim's big cock, I am so looking forward to having you inside me, it will be the first time in 18 years fucking won't hurt and I will be able to enjoy every inch of you inside me. Between you and me, his cock is way too big for me to truly enjoy getting fucked by him, which is our little secret ok? 

I said; ah remember Molly's rules, no fucking. 

Amy: want to place a bet that Tim has his cock in your wife within two hours? 

Me: Sure, you know how stubborn Molly can be when she sets her mind to something.

Amy: Oh, I am sure she has her mind set, but not the way you think. While you may have just noticed how Tim is hung, Molly noticed the first time we got naked and hot tubbed together. Ever since then whenever we are alone, without you men around she always seems to work Tim's cock into our conversation. Things like, what's it like having that much inside you? Does it all fit? She asked me how long it was a long time ago. When I told her it was almost 10" she just smiled and said wow. A week later over lunch she tells me she bought herself a 10" dildo, which is now her favorite toy.

Me: hmm I was wondering what made her buy that dildo; it is the only toy she has ever bought. 

Amy reached out and grabbed my hard cock, and said; hmm this hard cock of yours feels like the thought of Tim ramming his big cock into your wife turns you on. 

Me: well it would be a lie if I denied that, but not sure I am ready to see that happen yet, nor is Molly ready to go that far now or ever. By the way, I have been walking around with a hard on all week in anticipation of tonight. We better get out to the tub, I am sure they have the top off by now and are wondering where we are.

Amy: so what's the best? What will I be winning tonight?

Me: dinner at your favorite place for the 4 of us, all on me including the wine. What do I get when I win?

Amy; should I call and make the reservations now, she said as she laughed and leaned in and kissed me, all the while stroking my cock. Oh, you don't need to worry about what you win, because you won't win. 

When we got out to the tub, Tim and Molly were sitting next to each other and it was pretty obvious Molly's had a hold of Tim's giant cock. When they saw us they both said in unison, we were beginning to think you two were going to leave us out here by ourselves. 

I climbed in the tub and sat in the corner with my favorite jets and reclined. Amy climbed in and immediately went to Molly and started kissing her long and deep as her hands explored all of Molly's body, with emphasis on Molly's tits and hard nipples. Molly's hands were glued to Amy's perfect round butt. The two continued to kiss and rub on each other until Amy said, ok, I have waited long enough, I need to taste your pussy, it felt so smooth and wet during dinner when I slide my had up your dress, I have been thinking of nothing since. 

Molly sat up on the edge of the hot tub giving Amy complete access to kiss and nibble her way up Molly's long smooth legs. Molly was already in heaven when Amy's tongue slid across her pussy lips, when Amy's tongue found Molly's swollen clit, Molly let out a moan of sheer pleasure and ecstasy. I have seen Molly in this state before during our marathon love making and I knew she was already close to having an orgasm. Sure enough with in 3 or 4 minutes she was cumming frantically and almost fell backwards out of the hot tub and would have if Amy wasn't holding onto her legs at the time. 

As Molly came down from her orgasmic bliss she noticed that Tim was now standing right next to her with his massive hard cock in his hand, stroking it as he watched these two sexy ladies enjoy each other for the first time. It was then I saw how big it really is, damn this guy is hung. Lucky bastard. While I have never had any complaints about my 7", Tim could easily be one of those big cocked studs you see in the porno's. Even in the dim moon light I could see his cock was huge. 

Molly and Amy both said it looks like Tim needs some attention and they both moved over to him and started sucking his cock together. Molly was trying to get as much of his shaft in her mouth as possible, while Amy kissed and sucked the base of his shaft and balls. It was truly an image that will be in my mind forever. These two sexy cock crazed women trying to suck as much of that big cock as possible, and one of those cock crazed women was my wife, who now had a look of total horny cock slut on her face. It was such a hot scene; I was hard as a rock as I sat across the tub watching. 

Amy whispered something in Molly's ear and they both giggled as Amy left them and moved over to me. Leaning forward and kissing me long and hard, our tongues wrapping around each others as I ran one hand over her perfect tits and hard nipples and the other between her legs to feel her smooth pussy. She in turn had hold of my hard on and was stroking it firmly as we continued to kiss. I broke off our kiss and told her to sit up on the edge of the tub like Molly was doing earlier, I have been dreaming of eating your sweet little pussy all week long. Molly instantly move up on the edge and spread her legs for me as I paused to take in this beautiful sight, my best friends gorgeous wife spreading her legs for me in anticipation of me eating her pussy. 

I ran my tongue up her thighs, nibbling and kissing up slowly, making her squirm and wiggle in anticipation. I kept this up for a bit until she grabbed the back of my head and pulled my face into her pussy. Suck my clit now, she said, please eat me. 

I took her clit into my mouth and sucked it hard between my lips and then teasing it back and forth with my tongue. Her clit is quite a bit big bigger than Molly's, and it was swollen and in desperate need of sucking. I slide two fingers up inside her pussy and rubbed her g spot at the same time which had her wiggling and squirming around on the edge of the tub. 

Amy said; we need to take this inside before I fall off here and hurt myself. 

I looked around to ask Molly and Tim if they wanted to go inside and Tim's eyes were closed as Molly had at least a third of his cock down her throat. WOW, Molly can really suck cock; she can almost deep throat all of me, so I knew she would be able to get a good amount of Tim down. 

Amy; damn Molly is one hell of a cock sucker that's for sure, who knew. 

I laughed and went back to eating Amy's pussy for a bit and then we went into the house. Tim helped me put the top back on the tub and we both looked at each other in a bit of disbelief. I was about to ask; are you ok with all of this, when he asked first. I told him hell yeah, Amy is gorgeous and what a body, I can't wait to explore more of it, but to be honest watching you and Molly is way hotter than I thought. With that we went inside and joined the women, who had pulled out the hide a bed from the couch and were laying on it making out, Amy once again fondling Molly's tits, and Molly fingering Amy's swollen pussy. 

As Tim walked over and joined them on the bed, he took the opportunity to lie next to Molly of course. 

I asked if anybody needed a refill on their drink. Everybody said yes and Amy jumped up and said; let me give you a hand with those. 

Molly: do you mean the drinks or his balls Amy? 

Amy: I guess both since you mentioned it. 

When we got into the dining room where we have a bar set up Amy grabbed me and began kissing me with that wonderful mouth and tongue of hers. No wonder Molly came so quickly when Amy was eating her pussy, her tongue was magical. 

I lifted her up as we kissed and set her on the dining room table, and told her I needed to finish what I started in the tub. She lie back on the table and spread her legs inviting me into her sweet swollen pussy, which I hungrily dove face first into. I immediately sucked her clit into my mouth and was rewarded with a long deep moan from her, a husky sexual voice saying; ooooooh that feels so good, you are going to make me cum soon. I have been thinking about you eating me like this for several years now. MMMMMMMMMMMMM. Your tongue is even better than I imagined. 

Then she let out a scream and starting cumming, her legs clamped together holding my head between her legs as she road my tongue and face. Bucking her hips into my face harder as she continued to ride her orgasm, it seemed like it went on forever as she finally subsided and her legs finally relaxed. I softly kissed her clit and pussy. She practically screamed, STOP, you have my pussy way to sensitive right now, come up here and kiss me. 

As I moved up to kiss her we heard Molly from the other room moan out MORE, put more in. I said to Amy; sounds like Tim is giving Molly's pussy a tongue lashing and serious finger fuck right now. 

Then we heard Molly say in a deep husky wanton voice, put it all the way in, I want to feel all it of in me. 

Amy, laughed and said, should I make those dinner reservations now or in the morning? 

We both walked out to the living room to see my beautiful wife bent over the couch with Tim standing behind her and plowing that monster cock into from behind. He had ¾ of it buried in my wife's pussy when she screamed out; fucking shove it all the way in, I want to feel your cock head deep inside me. 

Amy dropped down to her knees and started sucking my cock, which was rock hard and dripping precum already. She looked up at me with those big beautiful eyes and that was all it took. Between watching my wife be a total slut and Amy's sucking my cock, I unloaded in her mouth. I felt like I was going to turn inside out as I was cumming into Amy's mouth. 

She gave my balls a squeeze and then stood up and kissed me and said, are you ok with all of this? Molly sure seems very happy right now. 

The two of them all of sudden realized we were in the room and Tim started to pull out. I told him, pull that big cock out of her. Which he thought I was mad and I said, put her on her back on the massage table so we can watch you put it back in her, I want to see her pussy open up to take that fat cock head. 

Amy said laughing; you are a naughty bastard aren't you? 

Molly quickly jumped onto the massage table and pulled her knees up to her stomach spreading her legs wide open for Tim. Who promptly started entering her swollen wet pussy again,

Amy said; damn your cock is already hard again.

Molly was able to moan out before Tim got his cock head in her, oh Amy; Mark can usually go 3 or 4 times without losing his hard on. A true blessing which I am sure you will enjoy thoroughly tonight.

As Tim started assaulting my wife's pussy again, I walked over to watch him put it in. My cock was throbbing again watching him enter my wife. My wife, who just 10 days ago had never mentioned a thing about Tim's big cock and how much it turned her on was now demanding he shove the entire length into her. I am one lucky guy to have such a hot sexy slutty wife. Plus she lets have sex with her best friend. 
