 Bob answered the door as I approached, opening it wide to the gently lit foyer behind him. 

"Please come in," he said, beckoning me inside. "We've been expecting you."

I thanked him and walked into the spacious home. The lights were low and music was coming from one of the back rooms. 

"Thanks," I said. I gave him a quick once-over. We had exchanged pictures online and he appeared to be exactly as portrayed; a fit, well dressed, handsome man wearing a sport coat, button-up shirt and what looked like expensive jeans. "I appreciate you taking a chance and opening your home to me."

He was appraising me as well. "You are just as your pictures show. We have never done this and must be very cautious. I'm sure you understand."

I smiled. "Of course."

He gestured to the rear of the house and we walked towards the back, towards the source of the music.

It had begun months ago when an odd advert appeared online for a couple with a very specific desire; for them to share a man yet for the husband to be in control of her throughout. He was to be her master, but wanted to be involved throughout as well. "An odd dynamic... but interesting," I thought. 

After some exploratory emails back and forth we started opening up more about who we were and what we wanted. They were a good match physically for me, taking good care of themselves and appearing tan and athletic in holiday shots. I liked the way they always seemed to be smiling and at ease with each other in the photos. 

They had invited me to come out and join them this weekend evening and see if the chemistry would work. It was too interesting to pass up.

We entered a large room with a cathedral ceiling, stone fireplace and overstuffed leather furniture. The music was coming from speakers hidden in the walls and a fire was burning brightly, providing most of the light in the room. Bob guided me towards a built-in bar. 

"Would you like something?"

"Yes, please," I said. "What is the house specialty?"

"It's after ten, so brandy would be called for." He reached for two glasses and a decanter. "Brandy feels uncivilized without a cigar; would you like one?"

"Perfect," I replied. He motioned towards a humidor and I selected two Montecristo #4's, thinking to ask him later where he was able to get them. They were soft to the touch, barely a crackle when I rolled them by my ear and smelled like heaven. We lit them and retired to easy chairs near the fire.

"Very nice," I said and meant it. Even if this was the end of the evening I was content, very comfortable and enjoying the gentle complementary burns of the brandy and cigar. 

"The simple things are often the best..." he mused, watching the fire. He then turned to me. "Some things are not so simple. Laura and I have a beautiful relationship, with love and respect deeply shared between us. We will never do anything to compromise that."

"I understand."

"We have always had a separate relationship within our own home. From the very beginning we understood that we wanted a very specific relationship here, one not of equals but of a master and his slave." His brows furrowed. "Our friends would never understand. Outside we are very much equals, husband and wife. Inside, she is my unquestioning slave, sexually."

"This is exactly what you have been describing between you."

"It is more unusual, and a little delicate," he said. "I do not want to add a man to take my place, nor to become another master to her, nor to dominate us both while he is here. I want a man to be pleased by her, and possibly by me, simply as another man to enjoy our company." He paused. "Can we do that?"

"Yes," I assured him. "This is why you two were so interesting to me. I would like to add to your pleasure without changing the power dynamic between the two of you."

He smiled, his eyes reflecting the firelight. "Yes. Exactly." He stood up. "Please enjoy your brandy. I will fetch Laura." He stopped. "She will be blindfolded initially. This should increase her anxiety and her physical sensations equally." 

I smiled and nodded. He was intuitively understanding regarding her sensations; this was a very good sign of things to come.

He left towards a flight of stairs, leaving me feeling the warming glow of the brandy inside and the heat of the fireplace on my skin. The music played a sensual French song I recognized from a trip years before, the girl singing about her lover with an underlying beat that was moving my body to its will.

I heard them come down the stairs. He was leading her by the hand, step by step. She was a brunette, tall, slim, athletic, gorgeous, wearing a sleek black evening gown... and very much blindfolded. He gently guided her until she was standing before me; he sat down in the other chair.

"Here we are my dear," he began. "Tell our guest how you are feeling."

She was trembling slightly. Her hands moved without knowing where to go. "I'm... anxious. Nervous. And excited."

"Good," he said. He looked over at me. "Our guest is as handsome as his photographs. Very fit, very attractive. We have come to an understanding regarding this evening. Do you understand?"

"Yes," she said.

"Excellent. Kneel."

She swallowed hard, then kneeled before me. Her perfume was wonderful.

"Would you like to touch her?" he asked.

She inhaled sharply as I moved in the chair. I could only imagine what was going through her mind, blind, heart beating fast, knowing she was being offered to a man she had never seen. Moving close to her I let me eyes roam over her; clear skin, full lips shining a bright red, her chest moving quickly in anticipation. I dipped my finger into the brandy and lifted a drop up to her lips, just barely touching them and letting the drop move to her mouth. She started at the touch and quickly licked her lips, tasting the brandy. 

At that moment I wanted to take her, have her, push hard inside of her and move until she felt me come into her deepest place. 

Ever so softly my fingers traced her cheekbone, then across her ear and slowly down to her neck. Her skin instantly turned to goosebumps across her shoulders. Leaning in closely I let my breath glide against her neck and up to her ear, letting my lips and teeth graze her earlobe. I ran my fingers along her collar and explored her necklace.

She let out a low muffled moan. 

"She is very responsive," I said.

"Yes," he agreed. "She knows how beautiful she is and her body is a thing of grace and pleasure. Why don't you relax and let her show you."

I moved back to the chair and he stood with a brandy glass. "Laura, our guest is thirsty. He will drink from you." He moved to her. "First, from your mouth." 

"You will give this to our guest." He held her chin up and touching the glass to her lips, poured a small amount of brandy into her mouth. He then looked to me.

I moved before her and holding her head gently, brought her lips to mine. Her smell and her closeness was intoxicating alone; when our lips touched we immediately went to a passionate open-mouthed kiss and she moved the brandy into my mouth with her tongue. I swallowed and moved away while she tried to catch her breath.

"Good. Now, he will drink from your body. Lie down on the table."

Still blindfolded, she used her hands to find the low coffee table and lay herself on it. Her movements reminded me of a panther, full of fluid elegance. She settled on her back and I could see her breasts silhouetted against the fire, moving quickly with her breathing.

"Now he will drink from your breasts. Show him your right breast."

She exhaled another moan, enjoying the power he held over her. She knew she was about to cross a line. 

Her hand reached up and pulled down the thin strap of her dress, pulling down until her breast sprang clear. Her pink nipple was hardening before our eyes and her hips moved spontaneously as she lay before us, exposing herself to us.

"Very beautiful," I said in a low, quiet voice.

"Yes. Tonight she is our animal for pleasure." He raised his glass and poured a small amount of brandy across her breast, across her nipple and dripping down her side. I moved close and began licking up the side of her ribs, up to her breast, across her nipple and up to her neck. I kissed her neck, then grazed my lips up to hers and we locked in a long, passionate kiss.

She made a sound and arched her back as I returned to her nipple, pulling it into my mouth and teasing it with my tongue. My hands glided across her silk-covered body, caressing her stomach, her hips, her legs. She began to writhe on the table and her hands moved on top of mine, increasing the pressure and the pleasure she was feeling.

"Laura, you are getting ahead of yourself. Stop." We stopped and I rocked back on my heels, my head spinning. Bob moved next to me. "We must know if our guest is enjoying himself. Sit up."

She sat up and moved to face us, still sitting on the table. 

"Touch our guest. Feel him close to you." 

She reached out and her hands found my chest, my shoulders. She ran her hands across my face and lips, trying to read them through her touch. 

"Lower. Does our guest want your body?"

Her hands now went lower, across my stomach and to my slacks. She quickly ran her hand over my cock, straining against the fabric.

"Is he hard for you?"

"Yes..." She grabbed it through my pants, exploring the length. "He's hard. It's nice."

He reached out for her hand. "Show me."

I knew he wanted to join and touch me too, it was part of our original discussion. They were clear that he was bisexual and very interested in exploring.

She took his hand and held it tight against my stomach. She slid it down, moving over my cock and pressing it there.

"Do you feel him?" she asked. "Am I doing a good job?"

His hand found my cock and squeezed, his other hand coming to press against my back, holding me tightly. 

"Yes, but he is still dressed. We will fix that upstairs. First, Laura, he has drunk from your mouth and your breast. He needs to taste your desire before we continue."

She bit her lip and breathed deep. Then her hand moved down between her thighs, finding the hidden treasures underneath her dress. It returned and she offered her fingers before her.

I pulled her fingers into my mouth and tasted her. She tasted like wine to me, delicate and delicious. 

"Do you approve?" he asked.

"Yes," I said. "She wants. She needs more."

He leaned into her closely. "Listen, my pretty slave. Tonight you are going to be taken, used, like a beautiful animal for sport. You body is for our pleasure. You are going to serve our guest's needs as he sees fit. You are going to come for us a hundred times before we are done. Are you ready?"

She seemed to nearly faint. "Yes, my master. Yes, my darling. Take me, use me. I want that."

He smiled. 

"Stand," he commanded. She stood and he offered her hand to me. "Would you like to guide our pet upstairs? I will ensure everything is ready in the bedroom. Her body is in your hands." He left to the stairs, leaving me alone with his beautiful, blindfolded wife.

I guided her to an open area and spent a few moments simply admiring her. She was magnificent. From the thick hair falling past her shoulders to the painted toenails on her elegantly arched feet, she was a work of art. I traced the lines of her body through her dress, moving across her shoulders, her hips, her stomach, her breasts. She stood as still as possible, beginning to tremble again from excitement. 

"Exquisite," I told her. 

On impulse I pulled both straps of her dress away from her shoulders and pulled it completely down to her ankles. She tensed from the sudden exposure and her hands moved to cover her breasts. I held them down to her sides and looked at her.

She was now wearing only thigh-high stockings and a small lace thong, standing blindfolded before a complete stranger who knows what she tastes like. She shuddered and her nipples tightened.

Unable to control my need to have her, I brought her into my arms and kissed her with all my might. She melted into me, her lips and tongue returning my hunger. Her body flowed against mine and my hands caressed her, then moved quickly around her and I picked her up and began carrying her up the stairs and towards the bedroom where her husband awaited us.

The master bedroom was at the end of the hall, lit by candles. Bob waited for us there, now undressed and laying across the large bed. I carried her there and lay her out on her back. 

"You lost your dress, my slave. Did he see all of you?" he asked her.

"Yes," she said. "Almost all."

I looked at him laying there next to his wife. They were a beautiful couple, well matched. I realized that his cock was exposed and as hard as mine. He noticed where I was looking and smiled at me. 

"This is going to be a great evening," he said. "Laura, our guest should know how your mouth feels on him." To me he said, "Would you undress for us?"

My clothes disappeared and I stood before them, ready for the next move. He motioned me over towards her on the bed.

"Move to where she can reach you. Come here, that's it." He reached out and wrapped his hand around my cock, pulling me closer to her mouth. "Here my dear, a nice cock for you to taste. He moved her head and my cock together until her lips touched and she took over from there.

She turned into a hungry animal. Her mouth slid down on me and her hands wrapped around me, milking me. I had been dripping precum and knew that she was tasting it now. So did he.

"Let me taste," he told her. He moved in and kissed her deep, their tongues rolling together.

"Oh, it's good," she breathed. "He's big and tastes sweet."

He agreed. "Now get some more. See how close you can get him without him coming."

She hesitated. "Can I see him? I want to see him, watch him while I'm sucking him. Can I do that master?"

"Yes, you may."

She whipped off the blindfold and looked at me for the first time. Her eyes were green but I only saw them for a moment as mine closed when her mouth went back on my cock and she started to work it over. 

"Oh my God she is good at that," is all I could say.

"Yes, she is. She has an amazing body awareness. Just wait," he smiled.

She took her mouth off for a moment. "He is handsome, just like you promised. Thank you, my darling master."

"Just suck now, slave. That is your only task."

She instantly went back to my cock. I groaned as one hand wrapped around my shaft and the other started exploring my body. I felt movement on the bed and saw that he was caressing her, stroking her back and kissing her neck. Every few moments he would whisper encouragements to her, telling her what to do and how. 

Quickly I was getting close and told them I would come soon if this kept up. She reluctantly pulled her mouth off and looked to him for guidance.

"Where should he come first, master?"

"He will come inside you, but not just yet. First we are going to remind you that you are a woman and here for our pleasure. Lay down on your back."

She did and he moved towards her head, offering his cock to her lips. She pulled him in, milking him. He looked over to me and motioned to her body.

"Help yourself."

I looked at her stocking covered legs, her lace thong only barely covering her pussy. I moved between her legs and started kissing her lower stomach, moving towards her writhing hips. Going lower and lower, I could feel the heat from her wetness against my skin. I pulled down her thong, my lips following its passage until they met the lips of her pussy, puffy and already wet. The thong went quickly down and was gone.

She moaned around his cock as I teased her pussy lips, up and down her thighs, never letting her clit get the slightest touch. She was dripping wet and I drank every drop from her pussy like a man dying of thirst. 

Finally I let my tongue trace up to her clit, softly stroking it for the first time and she nearly screamed in pleasure. She went back to working him while I gently pulled it into my mouth, sucking it and teasing it in circles, then up and down with my tongue. Her hips started twisting and her whole body tensed as I slid one finger and then two inside her, stroking her while continuing the treatment on her clit. 

Her body started bucking and her moans became louder still when she suddenly shouted, "I'm coming, oh God don't stop don't" and that was all as the orgasm racked her body from head to toe. 

My hands felt her glorious body tense and release again and again as the climax washed over her. She started to come back to earth and I took a chance, guessing her response would be more than the average woman. 

"You've got more in you," I said and went back to the treatment on her clit. Her body again tensed and in just a few moments she started screaming and bucking again as a second orgasm ripped through her. 

This time I let her come all the way back down, softly kissing her stomach and stroking her silk stocking covered thighs. Looking up she was the picture of lust; her cheeks flushed, her hair mussed, her nipples hard, a cock in her hand and a smile on her face. 

Bob moved and pulled me up on the bed until I was positioned to slide inside her. 

"You're turn," he said. "Take her. Come in her. Fill her with everything you have." Then he grabbed my cock and pulled it towards her pussy. I moved my hips forward and he first stroked the head up and down the wet lips, then guided it inside his wife as she moved her hips and wrapped her legs around me, pulling me deeper inside her.

She was amazing inside. She was so wet, so tight. It felt like liquid silk inside of her. I started moving, pumping and grinding, find a pace with her body.

"Oh, yeah," she moaned. "Deep. Deep. Oh, God... move, yes like that -- oh God, here it comes again!" and she arched, her nails digging into my back, her legs shaking and spasming around me. Her pussy flooded with more warmth, flowing around me. 

Bob moved up and grabbed her hair, pulling her head back.

"Come. Let it all go. Let your whole body go. Come like the little animal you are. Take that cock like a whore." 

She didn't need much encouragement. I kept alternately pumping and grinding her pussy and her eyes rolled up into her head and she came again within a minute. 

I lost track of how many times she came but realized I was right there too. She was wrapped around me and lost in the moment, he was kissing her and telling her to come and with every stroke I was losing control. 

"I'm coming, I can't wait any more..." I managed to gasp.

He looked at me and then at Laura. 

"Now, my darling. Feel this man's come splash inside you, fill you up, make you a woman."

"Yes!" she cried. "Come deep, God come now..."

"So beautiful... You are so beautiful.." I breathed into her neck and I came. I came as hard as I ever have in my life, each pulsing squirt of come wanting to go deeper into her body, to never leave that warm wet place. I could feel each contraction so strongly, as though my body knew this woman wanted to feel it as badly as I did.

It went on and on, and then gradually started to fade. I kissed her and started to move to one side. He quickly stopped me.

"No, no, wait -- this is for me too," he said. He moved around and at first I didn't understand what he wanted until I saw the knowing smile on her face. Then I felt his hands and the warm wetness that could only be his tongue against my cock. His hands were milking out the last drops and his mouth was sliding down over the head, down the shaft, drinking the mix of her and me together.

He gently sucked and licked me, knowing I was overly sensitive after the huge climax, until I was completely cleaned off. Then he went to her and started drinking from her, licking and drinking the cum from her pussy. She spread her legs wide and ran her fingers through his hair, inviting him to get it all. She leaned over to me and we kissed long and hard while he cleaned my come from her.
