 The music pulsed so loudly it was as though I had gone to war.

The evening had started fine. Pre-drinks in a grotty halls room, couldn't remember whose and anyway they were all pretty much the same. Ring of fire, truth or dare. Nothing too raucous.

The girls had been dolled up, hair piled on top of their heads and tight dresses clinging to every curve. Low cut, for the most part, all brightly coloured. Some of the dresses had odd details, like bits of metalwork around the midriff. They all wore large, clunky jewellery. They were heavily made up. I supposed it must be fashion.

The lads also had a uniform, although it was less inspiring. Mid blue supermarket jeans, and ugly going out shirts. There had been an overpowering fug of aftershave and perfumes combining in the air above the drinkers, worse than the all pervasive cigarette smoke.

And now we were down the Cavern, the strobe lighting making everyone's movements syncopated out of time with the music. The one saving grace was that it didn't matter how well you danced when nobody could see properly.

Tom moved in front of me, hips jerking, arms half-raised. He waved his head towards the bar and made a drinking motion. I nodded.

I watched the girls from our hall, laughing and dancing. Their balance was amazing. They could go from being upright to a crouched position, and then slinkily rise up again, all while poised on six-inch heels and waving their arms in the air. Their skirts rode up their thighs while they did this.

I had been at uni now for 6 months. The final term had just begun. Spring, when young man's fancy turns to thoughts of lust, was well and truly ending and a long summer of jacking off and dreaming of summer romances lay ahead of me. Far from being the carnal nirvana I had expected, I had got more action at school than I had here. The closest I had come to getting my dick wet was a sloppy, aborted blowjob during fresher's with someone from the next corridor. I'm not sure she even remembers.

The club was filling up, and all of our bodies were closer together. Tom came back with a bottle of Fosters in each hand and passed one to me. The dance floor was filled with groups of friends and acquaintances, each set bunched in a rough circle and sort of bobbing to the bass heavy noise. Carla was opposite me and Tom, with Amy, Leigh and a girl I didn't recognise. A course-mate?

Along with Tom and the two girls from my corridor, I had entered the Cavern with Chris, who had since left our circle and was pressed against the wall sticking his tongue down the throat of a Languages student I vaguely knew. I felt a twinge of jealousy in the pit of my stomach.

As the night wore on the tempo slowed. The set-list at this club was the same every week. It began with chart toppers and contemporary drum n bass, and then slowed to a slow dance speed like we had yet to graduate from the horrors of the school disco. After half an hour of swaying to warbling millennial trills, I knew that the night would culminate in a festival of old pop punk, and that everybody would be jumping around before spilling, exhausted, into the night air. It would be several years before I learnt that this was not the way it had to be.

Around me some people were coupling up, while others stayed in their little groups. The atmosphere was intense. Everybody knew that this was the last big blow out before exam fever hit. I didn't learn until later that first year exams really didn't matter at all.

My eyes were drawn to the girl I didn't know. She had until now been wedged between Carla and Amy. She was slim, and, like every other girl in Bristol under the age of 24, was wearing a figure-hugging dress which ended above the knees and a pair of terrifying black heels. Unlike the others, she wasn't kitted out in a dress of canary yellow or near-fluorescent green. She had gone for the little black dress. Her dress had a lighter grey lace detail to the trim and chest, which helped to emphasise an asset she didn't particularly have. She was striking though. Pale, with very dark brown hair falling halfway down her back.

Bryan Adam's Heaven was drawing to an end, and the DJ was obviously getting bored. It was time to get the room moving again.

"I'm just a teenage dirtbag baby..."

We all joined in. There was even a small cheer from one corner. Now we were bopping around and the energy in the room was ramping up. I was surrounded by hot bodies, all moving lithely as one. I was fascinated as always by the interplay between singles who became couples. Short skirts riding up, tops lifting up as arms were raised to reveal glittering navel piercings. Hot taut young bodies all around me.

The girl I didn't know was properly into the music now. Her arms would rise up, fingers pointed like a professional dancer. She caught me staring and winked.

Finally the lights went up and the volume lowered to a dull roar.

We burst through the double doors, swept along by the wave of sweaty people. Tom and I automatically headed for the kebab van. The dark haired girl from the club was also heading that way, as were two dozen others. The queue was lengthy. Plenty of time to chat.

My ears were ringing, and I am shy at the best of times. Tom, however, never has been.

"Having a good night? I'm Tom by the way." He stuck out his hand. The girl smiled at this, and shook it.

"Charlotte. And yeah, not so bad. Standard Cavern night really. Was hoping for something a bit more interesting."

"Interesting like what?" Tom said. And there in the queue, Charlotte reached up and kissed him gently on the cheek. Tom's eyes widened in surprise, but then he returned her kiss directly on the lips. She gently pulled away.

"Not sure really. Just more interesting."

Suddenly we had left the queue. Charlotte was ahead of us, one hand clutching Tom's, while the other was gripping my sweaty paw and pulling us both along. All thoughts of chips were tossed aside like an old takeaway box.

Tom signalled for me to sod off and leave him be.

"You can't leave your friend behind. He's cute." Charlotte said.

Tom laughed, but Charlotte looked reproachfully at him and squeezed my arse. She clearly wanted us both to accompany her. I obediently followed. Tom tried to kiss her again, but she grabbed us both by the arms and dragged us up the hill. After only five minutes, we turned off into a side road and she scrabbled in her clutch bag for her keys.

I looked nervously at Tom. Tom shrugged in return.

We crept inside the silent ground floor flat.

Charlotte's room was dimly lit and smelt faintly of vanilla. There was a long sheet of gauze pinned to the wall above her bed, creating a makeshift curtain, like half a four-poster. Dotted around inside the translucent fabric were fairy lights. More fairy lights were pinned across the ceiling. Otherwise the room was only illuminated by the moonlight streaming through the window.

Charlotte sat down in the centre of her bed and Tom and I looked awkwardly at each other. Charlotte smiled, and pulled us both closer to her. She pulled me into an open mouthed kiss, before turning to Tom and giving him the same treatment. Tom began to unbutton his shirt, revealing at least a four-pack. There was a diamond of rough hair on his chest and a thick snail trail down to his belt.

Charlotte turned her attention back to me, tugging at my shirt. I gave her a hand, pulling it over my head without unbuttoning it. My skin was so pale in the dim moonlight. She stroked her hand across my hairless chest and wrapped it around my neck, drawing me in for a kiss. Her other hand was running across the inside of my thigh. I was fully hard.

Tom joined in, slipping onto the bed and wrapping both his arms around Charlotte's back in a firm embrace. While Charlotte was kissing me, he was nibbling at her neck. Charlotte gasped slightly, and scrabbled frantically at my belt buckle. I slipped my jeans down to my ankles. My cock was sticking straight ahead of me, tenting the loose boxers. The tip was poking just out the fly. Charlotte grabbed it and slowly jerked it through the fabric.

Meanwhile Tom had slipped his shoes and socks off and had already unbuckled his jeans. He had stood up again and was now standing next to me, an obvious bulge clearly showing through his white boxer briefs. Charlotte's left hand snaked out and cupped his package through the fabric. With both her hands occupied it looked as though she was comparing their weights like an old fashioned set of scales. Still stroking me with her left hand, she slipped off the bed and onto her knees, lowered her head to Tom's stomach and gently kissed his snail trail, moving slowly downwards. Tom slipped his boxer briefs down and his cock and balls spilled out. His cock did not look fully hard and his balls were large, low and loose. I couldn't understand how he could be so cool. My pecker had been swelling since we had left the club, and before we had got to the flat had been rock hard. I admired his self-control.

Charlotte kissed around his swelling member, planting soft touches of her lips along the front of his thigh, his other thigh and gently across the huge ball sack. His semi-hard cock twitched in front of her face, demanding her attention.

He gasped as unhesitatingly she took the whole semi into her mouth and ran her tongue along the inside..He could feel himself growing now alright. I watched fascinated as she bobbed her head up and down his cock. As it grew she found she had further to go each time. It seemed to never stop. Her left hand was still touching me, but had not moved for some time.

For the first time in my life I took the initiative. While her mouth was engaged with Tom, I moved behind her. She was squatting on the ground in front of Tom. I lay down and scooted my head beneath her dress. My legs stretched out behind her along the bedroom floor. As I explored beneath her legs I used one leg to finally shove my jeans off, and with my toes I awkwardly pushed off my socks. Unlike the other two I was now completely naked. Charlotte's legs were getting tired and she sank down further on her haunches. My face was now buried in her crotch, my tongue exploring the gap between her thighs, shoving at the thin fabric concealing her treasure. I was overwhelmed by the musky darkness. Above me, Tom was thrusting his hips now, fucking her mouth as she lowered her weight onto my face. She was grinding into me, the pressure of her crotch half-suffocating me and leaving me light headed. I could hear the soft strangled moans as she gagged on Tom's cock.

One of her hands reached between her thighs and yanked her dress up. She pushed the barely-there scrap of lace that was all that stood between me and her pussy to one side, and I got my first taste of a woman's juices. I kissed and licked at the small gap between her legs, as her fingers rubbed quickly at the numb just above, inches from my eyes. Tom was moving frantically now, one hand on the back of her head tangled up in her long dark hair. Charlotte's other hand was cupped around his ballsack, gently tugging and squeezing as his cock moved in and out of her throat. Tom's breathing was turning ragged and an odd grunting noise passed his lips. Charlotte's head stopped moving. She slowly lifted her lips away from his cock, gently kissing the end, before clawing at Tom's chest and pulling him towards her for a deep kiss. She had stopped just in time. From my view between her legs, I could see his cock twitching, seconds from cumming.

Charlotte lifted herself off me and sprawled onto her bed. She pulled open the drawer of her bedside table and pulled out a handful of condoms. She placed these on the table and lay back into the sheets, languorously rubbing herself as she waited for us to make a move.

I looked at Tom, his athletic body still shaking slightly as he breathed heavily and steadied himself. "Who goes first?" I said timidly. He slapped me on the back and pushed me towards the bed. Charlotte reached an arm around my neck and drew me in for a salty kiss. Her mouth was so warm.

I slipped open a condom wrapper and pulled the latex over the tip of my cock, rolling it down right to the base. It was obvious that my cock was not as large as Tom's. Nor was my body as sculpted or tanned. Charlotte didn't seem to mind though. She opened her legs and kissed me hard as I lay down above her, supported on my elbows. There was a sensation of pins and needles exploding all over my body as my cock brushed against her pussy. I reached down and guided it up and down across the opening, not quite daring to force my way in. It felt as though there was a hook in my stomach.

Tom had come closer. He had relaxed somewhat now, and he knelt beside us and slipped his hands between Charlotte's chest and mine, gently massaging her small breasts. Charlotte moaned slightly. "Fuck me, now," she said, softly.

I slipped inside and began to thrust, slowly at first but quickly building up a head of steam. Charlotte arched her back as I entered her, and moved in time with me. Before I knew it I could feel a familiar build up, and hear a rushing noise in my ears as I moved towards an enormous orgasm.

"Not yet, I thought," horrified. Tom was watching me fuck this girl and I was about to come in ninety seconds flat. I tried to slow down, but Charlotte grabbed my arse and pulled into her as deep as I could go. With a jerk I spurted inside her, filling the condom. I pulled out of her. Cum was still shooting out of me. I blushed I knelt on the bed, the tip of the condom sagging with the weight. Charlotte looked up at me, surprised.

"Never mind Jim. Maybe I should take over?" Tom said, patting me gently on the shoulder to push me out the way.

I scuttled to the other end of the bed, ashamed of myself. Tom stood up and ripped off his jeans and boxer briefs. His cock was still hard, crowned with a large drip of pre-cum. Unlike mine, it didn't stick straight out ahead of him but even when erect pointed slightly towards the ground. He unwrapped a condom, and squeezing the tip, stretched it over the tip of the dark purple head of his cock. Charlotte eagerly stepped into help, squeezing his big bollocks again as she tried to roll the latex over the rest of his cock head. It resisted, and she took it in her mouth briefly to lubricate it. Her eyes were lighting up at the thought of finally getting the fucking she'd been craving all evening. If Tom was feeling the pressure of her expectation he didn't show it.

Eventually he was all wrapped up. He grabbed Charlotte around the waste and pulled her in for a deep kiss, before bending her over the edge of the bed. She splayed her arms out to support herself and her head moved backwards. Her hair was across her face. 

I pulled the condom off my shrinking cock and tied a knot in it, throwing it into the bin below her desk. I could feel my mood darkening as Tom stretched her wide open, forcing himself in. She moaned as soon as he passed the threshold, and he wasn't even halfway in yet. Harder and harder he moved in and out of her. He was all the way in now. He slowly withdrew the full length, and then thrust back in, his large ballsack slapping against her arse. He did it again, and again, and each time she moaned slightly, and whistled as the air was forced out of her lungs. Gradually the rhythm steadied. Tom moved in and out of her with the rhythm of a rower. His strong arms were hooked around her waist, fingers playing at the front while he slammed in from behind. Her arms were shaking and her head was now buried in the bed coverings. She was almost unable to support herself. With each thrust into her, the bed hit the wall with a thud. Charlotte's moans were growing louder and louder, her legs beginning to shake.

Despite now feeling quite left out I was growing hard again watching the show. I tentatively moved closer to the action, sitting down on the mattress and reaching over to fondle Charlotte's hanging tits. Her nipples were two pink points, and I moved my mouth around the left while rubbing the right in slow circles. She closed her eyes and grinned.

Tom was working through the gears, getting faster and faster. I was amazed that he could keep it up, especially after the going over he had had from her mouth earlier.

Charlotte's arms buckled and she slumped into the bed. She pulled herself away from Tom, and crawled back onto her back. She was shivering, and her body glowed in the low light. Bucking her hips, she hissed at Tom to get back inside her and he climbed on top, the two of them lying crossways across the bed. He re-entered her and moved slowly in and out, taking it easy. I knelt on the bed near her head and her arm snaked up to my cock. She gripped it tight and jerked it in time to Tom's slow build up. She was twitching again, jerking herself up away from the mattress before falling back into it. Her back was arched. Her legs were shaking, and her grip on my cock tightened. Her eyes were clenched shut and her teeth looked gritted. Tom continued to work in and out of her methodically, not wanting to let the pressure he had built up dissipate. He lowered his mouth to her breast and gently kissed her nipple. She moaned louder than ever, short, quick breathless moans as her whole body seemed to clench and unclench. The grip on my cock was almost painful.

Gradually Tom increased the speed. Charlotte was cumming now, with the inevitability of a tsunami and the reckless abandon of a speeding train. Tom's breathing had disintegrated, huge ragged gasps as he thrust deep inside her, pounding like a boxer as she bucked up and down on the mattress. She bed was shaking as the two of them moved together, while I knelt to one side and let myself be jerked by this shaking girl. 

With a low moan Tom's body began to spasm and he thrust deep inside her three more times before withdrawing, spent.

Breathlessly, Charlotte sank backwards into her mattress. Her hand left my cock, which was still rigid. My speedy orgasm seemed far too long ago. She waved towards the door. It seemed we could show ourselves out. I reached for my shirt and pulled it over my head. Tom slipped the condom off and threw it in the direction of the bin, before pulling his boxer briefs back over his hips.

Outside the sky was beginning to lighten. The morning bird chorus had already begun as we worked our way up the rest of the hill. I stared straight ahead, unable to look Tom in the eye. My balls ached as we plodded up the steep incline. My cock was still at half-mast.

As we reached the crest of the hill and the landscape opened up into a wide, open parkland, Tom softly grabbed my shoulder. I turned.

He held up his hand for a high five, and grinned. "Don't worry about it mate. We had a threesome!"

I smiled, and slapped my hand against his, before turning to walk across the Downs.