 The couple walks into the swinger's club and move through the lounge area with a purpose. They had been here before, just to get the lay out and plan their evening. They move without delay through the lounge, to the right and then up the stairs. A left at the top of the stairs, through a beaded curtain, down a short stairway and they're in the "playroom" area. A stripper's pole on a very small stage, one step off the floor was to their left, they walked over and the wife set her bag on the floor next to a bed against the wall and the husband set up a small iPod player on the table next to her. He plugged it in, set the iPod up and hit play.

He turned up the pulsing beats and the wife took the stage. They had a trail of followers almost from the moment they walked in the door, as is usually the case in swing clubs that allow single men. They had caught her scent like predators and had followed, albeit not too closely, up the stairs and into the playroom area. As the wife got on stage and the music filled the air, the men gathered around. The husband came near, standing near the stage, just to let the men watching his wife know that he was present and she was his. At 6'2" with a football player's build, she felt quite safe as she began her dance.

She gripped the pole and bent over, her ass jutting out to the crowd and her tight, short denim skirt hiking right up over her ample ass, revealing the absence of any panties. She did a very slow grind, rotating her ass clockwise, imagining riding a hard cock and grinding down on it. She spun around and leaned up against the pole, rolling her skirt up with her hands and showing the growing crowd her well groomed pussy, trimmed short, but not shaved. Murmurs and appreciative shouts started to come from the crowd, two or three couples having joined the dozen or so single men that crowded the tiny stage.

"You are a fever, you are a fever, you ain't born typical" the speakers throb and the wife pulls her tank top down, her 40DD breasts popping out the top. She pushes the thin shoulder straps of her tank off her shoulders and her shirt bunches up at her waist with her hiked up skirt. She gets behind the pole and puts it in between her breasts and squeezes them together around it, letting all the men in crowd imagine their cocks in the stripper pole's place. She spins her 5"8" body around the pole, her breasts swaying, her shoulder length hair bouncing from side to side. She moves to her left and leans her ass against the pole, leaning off to the side of the stage her husband stands. She bends over, her ass against the pole and reaches her hands out to her husband's belt, pulling it out of its loop and undoing it, while looking up at him, smiling a slightly drunken smile. Drunk from alcohol, drunk with lust, only she and him know for sure.

He had been watching the crowd watch his wife. Not just for the pleasure of knowing that his wife was turning on a slew of men, but to begin the thinning out process. Silently, he ruled out some and chose others, based off how they reacted, what (if anything) they said and of course, on how they looked. He turns to wife as she moves towards his side of the stage and moves towards her as she reaches for him. His cock is ready to pop out of his slacks as she begins to loosen his belt.

"When you lead me I know it won't be long before, you come on over, turn me on" the next song professes and she has her man's cock out and purses her lips at the head, kissing it on the head and pushing his jockey's down enough to get his balls in the other hand. The crowd let's out an audible moan/sigh when she takes him in her mouth, going almost all the way down on his hard 7" cock. He closes his eyes and let's that wonderful feeling wash over him. Countless blow jobs in his 40+ years and still, nothing quite like that feeling of warmth and wetness as a skilled woman slips him into her mouth, and he hasn't met any woman as skilled as the one he was lucky enough to marry.

He opens his eyes back up and looks to the crowd, he makes eye contact with one of the men he singled out earlier as a candidate and points directly at him, not wanting any of the others to be able to confuse his intent. The man's eyes widen and he motions him over. The lucky audience member walks towards him and the husband directs him to stand to his wife's right. "Pull it out" he tells him and the audience member is all too happy to oblige. He moves quickly and has his pants undone and his cock out. A clean shaven man, his cock arches back towards the owner, almost a "C" shaped cock. The chosen one has it out and is stroking it. The husband takes his wife's right arm by the wrist and guides it to the stranger's cock at her right side. The audience member moves closer and over some more, getting close enough she can reach him without having to reach back too awkwardly. She moans on her husband's dick as she feels the new, strange cock in her hand and begins to pump the strangers cock.

The husband looks back to the crowd and now the masses know what's up and the jockey for position, as if they can raise their hand and be chosen. It takes a moment but then he sees his next "victim" and points directly at him, having to shake his head no at one hopeful onlooker who mistakenly thinks he is the lucky bastard of the night. The next man chosen is tall, professional looking, with a business casual look to him. The husband picked him because he was intently watching, but didn't make any wolf calls when his wife started the show and the husband could imagine this man as a lonely business traveler, coming to the swing club and paying the ridiculous single man cover charge to get in, just hoping for some sexual adventure on his latest boring business trip. 

The business man moves around to the opposite side of the wife and without having to be directed, takes his cock out of his pants. The husband moves his wife's left hand to the next cock and she balances on the stranger's cocks as she continues to bob on her husband's. Her ass presses against the pole and her tits sway beneath her as she begins to fulfill her fantasy of being the center of attention.

The business man's cock is about 8.5", and damn near symmetrical! Quite narrow at the base, then widening as it goes until it stops at a bulbous, round head. Almost like a baseball bat with the knob at the fat end. The wife has it in her left hand and pumps it furiously. She strokes the two strangers and sucks her husband's cock while listening to the soundtrack chosen specifically for this fantasy and loves the moment.

She lets her husband's cock go from her mouth with a pop and takes a deep breath, opening her eyes for first time in a few minutes. She looks into her husband's eyes and he has a devilish gleam. He raises an eyebrow at her and she nods in agreement with his silent suggestion.

"Don't be aroused by my confession, unless you don't give a good goddamn about redemption"

The music pulses on and she continues down her deliciously deviant path. Dropping to her knees she turns to her right, towards "C" cock and the audience, and takes him into her mouth. The husband motions for business man to come around he moves around the pole so he standing on the audience side as well, on the corner of the stage. The husband zips up and moves behind his wife, kneels down behind her and cups her tits from behind. The wife reaches over and takes business man's cock in her left hand and sucks and strokes "C" cock. She begins moving back and forth between the two strangers, sucking and stroking them. Her husband removes one of his hands from her tits and slides it down to her pussy from behind. His hand nestled against her ass he slips his fingers into her and she moans in pleasure with a mouthful of strange cock. The husband continues his fingering and the wife continues her oral pleasing of these two strangers. She continues, back and forth, licking up shafts, suckling heads, licking down shafts to scrotums and sucking and tonguing the stranger's balls and taking no small amount of pleasure in the sounds of these two men's pleasure.

The husband is looking around the room, loving the attention being paid to his wife's skills and wantonness. The crowd has shifted around, about 8 single men now, gathered around closely but amazingly being very considerate, some actually trying not to obscure others view. 3 other couples are spaced out around the room. One standing center stage, the man behind the woman, his arms around her shoulders, her hands clasping his and clearly pushing her ass back into his crotch. He has his mouth to her ear while watching and is almost certainly whispering some timely suggestions or comments to his partner. Another couple watches from the small stairway that drops down into the playroom area. The woman acting unimpressed and the man watching intently. The third couple sits to the side of the stage on a bench, perfect seats really. An older couple dressed to impress, the woman sits very properly but watches very intently. The husband stands to her side, his hard on evident in his slacks and they hold hands as they take in the show. The husband notices a couple of the men looking on have started masturbating, one with his hand shoved in his pants and the other taking his cock out of his pants and stroking for the room to see as well. The few shouts of encouragement from earlier have been replaced with quiet, intent watching.

The wife keeps her hands on the cocks but takes a break from sucking to come from her husband's fingering. She comes nice and hard, grunting and moaning and the husband's cock is rock hard in his pants.

The wife's orgasm subsides and she immediately resumes sucking her new friends. She sucks on "C" cock with fervor and he announces he's coming. The wife takes him from her mouth and presses the head of his cock to her cleavage. The stranger comes with a loud "yes!" and his come spurts onto her tits and neck. The husband manages to stand despite his hard on pressing into his zipper and retrieves a towel from the bag he sat next to the bed in front and to the left of the stage. She wipes off the strangers come and the husband helps her to her feet.

The husband guides his wife to the bed, removes her bunched up clothes from around her waist and motions to the two playmates to join him. The wife lies across the bed, side to side and the husband takes two condoms out the their bag and gives them to the two lucky strangers. The husband says to them "might as well get naked". "C" cock takes his condom and moves to the side to undress while business man manages to roll his over the big round head of his cock. The husband moves to the side of the bed where his wife's head is and pulls her to him, dropping his pants once she gets her head in position. The wife leans her head back and the husband slides his cock down his willing wife's throat. The husband motions to business man to get on the bed. The Business man wastes no time losing the rest of his clothes and getting on the bed on his knees and getting in between the wife's legs. She feels the business man's hands on her legs and she spreads and lifts them, out and up and wide. The husband fucks his wife's mouth, her head craned back and his balls coming to rest on her nose at the end of his stroke.

The crowd moves with them, circling around the bed. The couples have moved up, getting even closer looks. The husband glances around occasionally and is spurned on by what he sees. One man has moved his hand up under his woman's skirt, and judging by her face he's doing good work with the short bursts of movement with his arm. New patrons have appeared, new faces look on, becoming flushed as they watch this spectacle. The husband withdraws for a moment, leans down and whispers in the wife's ear "They all love watching you take these cocks baby. They watching you work your wiles on these men. They all want to be next." The wife sighs and quickly glances around herself, then goes back to sucking her man's dick.

The husband watches as business man presses the round head of his cock to his wife's pussy lips and begins to ease it in. She has to stop sucking him for a moment as the stranger enters her. She gasps and squeals with pleasure as his wide cock slides in her and her lips wrap around his cock until the business man is balls deep in her. The business begins to fuck the wife with big, hip smacking thrusts. The wife moans with pleasure as her tits bounce with each thrust cock. "C" cock is stroking his cock, on the bed to side of them he watches and strokes hardness back into his curved cock. The husband reaches out and pulls her legs up, holding her ankles up so they are up near her head. The husband's cock is hard and rubs against her face when the force of the fucking pushes her back to him. She sees her man's cock next to her face and leans back and takes his balls into her mouth and sucks and moans on them as she's fucked by the business man. The music pulses on.

"Clench and sigh, push me through to the very brink,

'Til I want to die don't wanna ache don't wanna think"

The sweat has beaded up on the business man's brow and he begins to fuck the wife hard and fast, his ass a blur as he pumped his cock into her pussy at breakneck speed. She lets her man's balls go and begins to moan loudly, encouraging the stranger to fuck her good.

"Fuck me, yes fuck me. Fuck yes pound my pussy, that's it fuck yes fuck me with that fat cock."

The dirty encouragement is all the business man needs and he's thrusts one last time, buried inside the wife. He grunts and growls as he empties his load into the condom. The wife is panting and chanting "yes, yes, yes, yes".

The business man grips his cock at the base and holds the condom as he withdraws his cock. He stumbles back of the bed, balancing on the side of it, the condom tip full and heavy of come, beginning to pull the condom of his cock. He removes it and throws it into a wastebasket next to the bed and sits on the bed, breathless and sweating. 

The husband looks over at "C" cock stroking his once again hard cock and asks "Got your condom?" 

"C" cock bites the edge and opens up his rubber and begins to roll his condom on. The husband tells him to lie on the bed. "C" cock lies on the bed and the husband helps his wife up to her knees. "Ready to ride?" he asks her.

The wife is a little short of breath, but nods yes. She climbs over "C" cock, straddling him and takes hold of his covered cock. She tilts it towards his feet and positions the head at her hot, well fucked pussy. She begins to slide down on this stranger's cock and her husband walks to the other side of the bed. A couple moves to the side so he can access their bag and he pulls lube out and begins to liberally apply it to his hard cock. The husband climbs on the bed as his wife begins to grind her hips into the stranger lying under her.

She does not ride this new cock so much as grind on it. The husband knew she'd like this curved cock for the way that arch made the head hit her g-spot. He knows her all too well and she indeed loves the sensation of the arched cock pressing into her and she grinds and moves her hips on it.

The husband gets behind her, watching the rhythm of her grinding and stroking his now shining dick. He moves up behind her and some of the crowd shifts to watch him. They know what's coming and want to see this sex goddess take her husband's cock in her ass while she rides another.

The husband presses her down onto the stranger's chest, and the wife gasps a bit. "Are you ready baby? Ready for two?" he asks as he runs a slick finger around her asshole. "Uh huh" she squeals. "You want all these people to watch you get filled with cock honey?" he asks. "Ohhh fuck yes, slide that in my ass baby!" she says. The crowd audibly reacts to her words and his cock jumps and he thinks, it may have gotten even harder at hearing his wife's proclamation and her complete abandoning of any pretense. She is giving way to fantasies, relishing the moment and he could not be happier.

He steadies himself with one hand one her back, square in the middle of her large snake tattoo and holds his throbbing cock with the other. He presses his cock to her ass and she reaches back with both hands, spreading her ass with her head on the stranger's chest, giving her man a clear and willing target. He pushes into her and she gasps and moans a deep, primal moan that elicits moans, sighs and groans from the onlookers. He enters deliberately, slow but steady. She moans a little deeper and louder with each inch he proceeds until his pelvis is against her cheeks and his balls press to the cock in her pussy. 

"Don't wanna love you no more, don't wanna love you less

I wanna be crushed by your sweet caress"

The husband begins slowly, in and out, pumping his wife's ass very deliberately. Mr. "C" cock lies underneath, letting the husband drive for the time being. The wife groans each time the husband gets balls deep in her. After a few moments of the slow strokes, the husband gets up on his on the bed, never removing his cock. He is hunched over her and begins to pump faster. "C" cock sees his opportunity and begins to thrust his hips too. It takes them a couple strokes to get on beat and soon they are fucking the wife in tandem, one withdrawing as the other bottoms out. Soon, they are a helluva a team, their cocks like pistons driving this woman deep into decadent pleasure. 

The wife is moaning uncontrollably. Her arms stretched out to her sides and her fists full of sheet, she grips the bedding and completely loses herself. Her eyes open every now and then the flashes of the crowd she sees are surreal. Men stroking their cocks, jaws clenched. A woman getting fingered with vigor, her man holding her skirt up with one hand as the other plunges into her pussy. Another woman with her man's cock in her hand as she watches the wife gets fucked like never before. The husband and wife are both overwhelmed by the moment, the heat, the sweat, the sights and the sounds. The music continues to pulse through the room but the couple can hear the occasional comment come through the beats. 

"Tap that ass"

"Fuck that's hot"

"She's getting it good"

"Could you take that?"

The husband begins to increase his speed, his own orgasm building and driving him. He gets out of rhythm with "C" and the bottom cock pops out of the wife's pussy for a moment. The husband is beyond driven now and is fucking his wife as hard and fast as he can move. The wife feel's her man's balls slapping against her now empty pussy with a speed she can hardly believe and suddenly she feels his hot come shoot into her as the husband howls with pleasure as his orgasm arrives. 

Her man stays buried in her ass as his orgasm subsides and she looks at her lover below her. "Put it back in" she tells him and he reaches down and after an awkward moment manages to re-enter her pussy. The husband feels the cock in his wife's pussy and begins to pull out. "Wait" the wife says "not yet" The husband stops and she looks the stranger below her in the eyes and tells him "Fuck me now". "C" takes his directions and resumes pumping as hard and fast as he can now. The wife lays flat on "C"'s chest and her husband takes her hands into his reaching up to her as she raises them up, her elbows on the bed. The wife's orgasm begins just as the husband's softening cock is pushed out of her ass by the cock ramming into her pussy. She comes again, she has lost count, and she feels the man beneath her tense and he grunts as he comes just as she finishes.

The husband collapses on the bed behind them and the wife takes a few moments to climb off "C", being careful to hold on to his condom as she gets off his cock with wobbly legs. She turns and collapses against her husband's chest and he sits on the back edge of the bed. The crowd claps and a few cheers even follow. The crowd begins to disperse slowly, as they realize the show is indeed over. The business man appears to have left already, and Mr. "C" cock stops as he buttons up and says "Thanks are you guys local?" The wife shakes her head no and the husband says "Traveling through". "C" nods, says "Well, that was hot as hell, thanks for picking me." They nod, the husband says "Sure, good job man" and the couple slides off the bed and begin to dress and pack up, legs shaky and another fantasy fulfilled.