 The next day, Lisa didn't show up at the beach. I looked out. The thronging sun worshippers and surfers were invisible to me. I only saw empty sands and heard the ocean laughing at me. I was paralysed by the fear that I would never see again. I didn't sleep a wink that night.

Just after 10 a.m. the next morning, I was running down the beach trying to gather my thoughts and put myself back together. It was going to be a long day. Suddenly I saw two silhouettes slinking along the sands. I recognised Lisa immediately, and my boner leapt to attention inside my Speedo.

What a surprise! She'd brought a very cute friend, and they were wearing matching lime-green semitransparent mesh microkinis that covered almost nothing. This was too wild to be true. They spread out their towels and lay down in the sand in Lisa's usual spot. The sight of their taut bodies was turning my sperm to steam. I was all ready to pop my cork again, and the head of my dick was almost peeking out of the top of my swim trunks.

I could barely walk to the lifeguard station, my third leg made my swim trunks impossibly tight. I watched with envy as every guy who passed them did a double take, boner bulging, checking out their sinewy bodies. The two teen girls looked ready to be fucked lying there, their perfect, fresh titties and asses exposed, the sun licking every inch of their sin. Jus the thought of running my hands over them and tasting their bronzed flesh gave me a raging case of blue balls.

As they day melted into the afternoon, Lisa made her move. She got up from her spot, her girlfriend a few steps behind. Her hips wiggled as she approached the lifeguard station where we'd fucked so furiously just a few afternoons before. "Hey Steve," Lisa had lost her innocence, and she was enjoying being a budding sex bomb.

Her girlfriend got closer. She had sort auburn hair with blonde highlights, honey eyes, high cheekbones and a pouty mouth that looked like it enjoyed pussy as much as cock. Her lithe hard body was capped by firm titties high up on her chest with nipples that thrust forward through her mesh bikini top. Her twat was as muscular as the rest of her and her cunt lips were visible under that little strip of cloth that couldn't quite cover her, "Hey Steve. I'm Jennifer," Her tone of voice said she was ready for me to fuck her in every hole, "We were wondering if we could climb up into the station and watch the sunset with you later," Lisa said coyly, She looked at Jennifer and I got the feeling they'd already done each other. My erection nearly ripped through my swim trunks at the thought.

"Yeah, sure. Come up whenever you like," I replied, Memories of penetrating Lisa's pussy meshed with the thought of dicking Jennifer at the same time. I knew if I played it cool, I might get twice as lucky this time.

"Thanks," they said at the same time. Then they turned away and ran across the sand, bare asses and barely covered tits bouncing. What an eyeful.

The sun was setting and the ocean looked like a rippled sheet of metal. My dick was like metal, too, as Lisa and Jennifer arrived at the stand. They climbed up the ladder as I gave them a hand. The two teen hotties stood next to me as we leaned on the rail. Most of the beach-goers had gone.

"Wow," Jennifer said as she looked over the ocean, "It looks totally awesome," The same thought was crossing my mind as I examined her well-toned body. Her tits were A-cups, like Lisa's, but they were firm and round like her butt. She was wearing an ankle bracelet and she had a tattoo of a butterfly there. I'd heard that who wore ankle bracelets liked it in the ass. I hoped I'd find out soon.

As we stood there, enjoying the last few moments of the day, I saw Lisa glancing towards the storeroom. She didn't say a word and I pretended not to notice.

After a few minutes, I said, "Well, girls. Maybe you'd like the nickel tour of my humble station,"

The two looked at each other and exchanged knowing glances, "Yeah, sure, okay," Lisa said.

"Great," I replied, "Come this way," I led the girls inside and closed the door behind us.

"Cool," Jennifer said, looking around the station. She examined the paddle boards, ropes and scuba tanks., and ran her hand along a recuse pole, "Look at this equipment," She smiled at me with mock innocence. Then she saw the camp bed, "What's this for, Steve?"

"Uh, that's in case somebody passes out from sunstroke. Or if I, uh, want to take a siesta. You know,"

"Sure, Steve," Jennifer looked so fuckable I wanted to nail her right on the spot.

"Steve showed me all this a few days ago. We had fun," said Lisa, her lean thighs rubbing together, "Didn't we?"

My loins were on fire. I tried to look like I was in control, "Yeah, it was a lot of fun, wasn't it?" I smiled.

"So, what did you guys do?" asked Jennifer coyly. I was sure she was wet between her legs, too.

"We did this," I said, approaching Jennifer. I held her face in my hands and lightly kissed her pouty mouth. She slipped her tongue inside ,my mouth and kissed me passionately. Our tongues were like two snakes thrashing. She rubbed her crotch against mine and ran her fingers inside my Speedo, tickling m asshole.

Out of the corner of my eye I saw Lisa playing with herself as she got close to us. I put my arm around Lisa's waist and stroked her bare bum, kissing her now as I laid with her dental floss-thin bikini bottom. Here I was, arms around both girls, alternating kisses while we felt each other up. Lisa and Jennifer were giggling softly as they kissed me and each other. I licked my way down Lisa's as my hands danced all over their tanned asses. Their nipples had escaped from their microkinis and were cold and hard against my chest.

Their hands were busy, too, pulling my trunks down to my ankles. My cock was like a flagpole, waving and swaying, twitching up and down as I rubbed myself against their young bodies. The girls were sizzling.

"Touch me," I whispered and their hand immediately slid up and down my rigid cock. Their breathing became laboured, more excited, almost frenzied. Their microkinis came undone and fell to the floor. I sucked Jennifer's hard nipples one moment and munched Lisa's big areolae the next. The girls massaged my rod like two busy little beavers. I lay down on the floor. They knelt beside me, rubbing their hands all over my thighs. My penis was a steel pipe.

"Lick me," I panted, "Lick my dick," The girls took turns suckling and lapping my shaft. Lisa took me all the way into her mouth, and passed my boner to Jennifer, whose luscious lips engulfed me. I had to believe she'd given head before as she dragged her teeth along the ridge of my cock, eliciting just enough pain to send shivers of delight that electrified my body.

"Faster, girls! Faster," I begged.

Lisa made a fist around my shaft, jerking me off as Jennifer sucked on the tip. Their titties danced along my thighs, sending tingles up and down my legs. My hips were bucking with excitement and I wanted to cum so badly. Lisa nudged Jennifer aside and took me into her mouth as Jennifer worked her magic on my balls. I had began to climax. Lisa lifted her head and my jizz shot high into the air, splattering the girls' faces and chests.

What I suspected was true: The girls really were bisexual. As I lay on the floor, my cock deflating, Lisa and Jennifer were sucking face big time! Shocked, amazed and totally excited, I got stiff yet again! The girls were climbing all over each other like two cats in heat, devouring their nipples, pussies and assholes like they were made for it.

The squealed with pleasure as they put on a sensational lezzie show for me. Lisa's tongue was buried in Jennifer's muff, and Jennifer had her tongue up Lisa's cornhole. Not wanting them to have all the fun, I stuck my fingers in their available orifices and got busy. My fingers were drenched with their juices.

The space was cramped bit I slid myself around behind Jennifer's ass. As Lisa licked her, tongue lapped and down Jennifer's ass crack, savouring the sweet aroma. She was cumming already, jerking her body and moaning, "Ughhh!" I stuck my fingers in her butt and her cunt and twirled them as she exploded. Then I presses my cock against her pussy.

Lisa was still ravaging her gal pal. What Jennifer didn't know was she was going to get a sucking and a fucking at the same time. As Lisa lapped o her clit and pussy lips, I inserted my now bulging cock into Jennifer's hot, willing box. I thrust into her, watching as Jennifer dug her face into Lisa, who licked my nuts as they bounced in her face. The two girls were wailing by this time, Jennifer grunting and groaning, Lisa trying to stifle her own screams. Lisa took my balls all the way into her mouth and swished them around. Like the surf crashing on Huntington Beach, gallons of man stuff were drained from my cock. with one final lunge, I collapsed on top of them, totally spent.

When I opened my eyes, my two beach babes were standing, arms around each other, by the open door of my lifeguard station. The moon shone on their lean bodies.

"Hey Mr. Lifeguard," Lisa said, eyes twinkling, "If you ever need CPR, let us know!"