 It was the second week of January and baby it was cold outside. I had just started my second semester of my first year of University and was living away from home for the first time. My two best friends and I were sharing an apartment in the city but we were from a small town and it was a huge adjustment. Both of my roommates went home for the weekend and left me by myself. A t first I thought it was a great idea, but now on a cold Saturday night I was lonely and homesick.

All of my homework was complete so I threw a frozen pizza in the oven and opened a cold beer as I flipped through the channels on T.V. hoping to find a movie. An old chick flick came on that kept me entertained throughout my pizza and second beer but I was soon bored again. I was an eighteen year old girl alone in a city where I knew no one.

My roommate had a stack of DVDs in her room that might provide some distraction. Flipping through the pile I came across one I had never seen there before. My eyes went huge! It was a porn video, which isn't unusual, but with all girls. I had no idea she liked these kinds of videos, did I really know everything about one of my best friends? Well what the heck, I might as well watch it.

Girl on girl stuff really isn't my thing but as I'm young and outgoing, I'd probably give it a try if the opportunity presented itself. The video was ok, all about college students in a dorm. Again, not my thing but, enough to get my pussy damp and tingly. I found myself with my hand in my pants rubbing myself through my skimpy panties. It was starting to feel really good and as I sipped another beer my hand went under the edge of my panties and rubbed lightly across my clit. 

Oh that felt so good...I rubbed a little harder and faster then moved a couple fingers inside my pussy. In and out fast as I could and then over my clit flicking it and pulling it...oh yes!! Almost there...Ring, ring, noooo, why is someone calling now??? I let it ring through to voice mail but my orgasm was ruined.

After I lay there for a few minutes on the couch drinking the rest of my beer I decided maybe I could try again but this time with the assistance of my toys. Taking the last sip, I headed upstairs to my bedroom where I turned on the lamp and stripped out of my clothes. I carefully took my vibrator out of the drawer and turned on some music so the neighbors couldn't hear me through the paper thin walls. On the bed I started again, determined to get the job done and get some sleep.

I slightly parted my legs and rubbed along my lips and across my clit with my fingers. My clit was already very sensitive from before and I didn't think it would take too long. Turning on my vibrator I slowly moved it in circles along my pussy and clit. Oh yeah, that felt great! Turning up the speed, I placed it against my clit harder and jumped!! Oh yes, this was going to be good! Parting my lips with one hand I gently inserted the vibrator in my pussy and...nothing!

It quit! Oh no, dead batteries! I knew we didn't have any in the house because we had just stolen the ones from the clock for the remote last week and those died a couple days ago!! Damn it!

Flipping off my music I lay there naked and frustrated with my legs slightly parted and a useless vibrator beside me! This weekend sucked! I could hear my neighbors shouting and yelling through the wall with the sound of gunshots and explosions coming from the T.V. next door.

My nerdy College neighbors were having a video game night again, but at least they weren't alone, lonely and frustrated. Wait a minute! I bet they have batteries! 

The two slightly geeky guys next door barely come out of their apartment and I have not gotten to know any of them except Sam who came by one evening to borrow coins for the laundry. They were both a little older than me by a year or two. The one I hadn't met is quite tall and dark haired with a slight build. Sam was average in height with reddish brown hair and kind green eyes. Not hot college guys but average and a bit shy I'd say. 

My feet hit the floor and I threw a robe on and ran down the stairs. Once out the door and standing in front of their apartment door ready to knock, I realized I still had the vibrator in my hands. Oh well, no wasting time. I shoved it in the robe's pocket and knocked on the door. No one came. Remembering they were upstairs playing a game I knocked really loud.

I heard feet clomping down the stairs and the door opened slightly. It wasn't Sam at the door but his roommate. He towered over me at 6 feet to my 5'2" and his brown eyes lit up when he saw me there in my robe. His dark hair was kind of sticking up on one side and suddenly conscious of a girl at his door he tried to smooth it out with his hands. "Hi I'm Lindy, your neighbor. I was wondering if I could possibly borrow a couple AA batteries. Sorry to bother you so late, but it's too cold to run to the store. I'll replace them tomorrow."

Holding the door open, he gestured for me to come in. "Sure, no prob, I'll just have to dig around for some. Come in while I look. I'm Mark by the way." He turned away but not before he looked up and down at me, obviously curious. As it turns out, my neighbor isn't really as geeky as I once thought, or perhaps it was the beer talking. Maybe it doesn't have to be a cold lonely night in January. We could probably make this a lot more exciting!

Getting the idea in my head, I loosened my robe a little and followed him around the corner into the kitchen. His back was to me as he rummaged through a drawer. "Did you find any?" I asked.

"No, my roommate might have some upstairs." He replied and turned around to face me. My robe fell across my shoulder and the top curve of my full breast was just visible. He stopped dead. I reached in my pocket and pulled out the vibrator and held it up for him to see.

"My vibrator died tonight and I'm just so horny I'll never get to sleep tonight without a good orgasm." His eyes went huge and his mouth dropped open slightly and he leaned back against the cupboard as if to put space between us

"I'll go find you some," he said and moved to go past me and up the stairs. Lightly grabbing his arm on the way by I stopped him.

"Unless you think you can help me?" I looked him in the eye and gave him the best come fuck me look I could manage at 18 years old.

His eyes turned dark and lustful, almost ravenous and he wasted no time. His reached around me with his arm and tugged on my hair so my face tipped up and he smashed his mouth against mine hungrily. Mark's body pushed against mine and backed me against the wall as he plundered my mouth. He was really good at this and my pussy was tingling inside and getting moist. 

Warm hands moved to my robe and pushed it off my shoulders and to the ground and then covered my breasts. He rolled my nipples while kissing me deeply and moving against me. My hands wandered down his back and to the bulge in his pants where I could feel a nice sized, rock hard dick straining against his jeans. Rubbing him through the denim, he let out a moan and said, "Oh my God, I must be dreaming. How is this happening to me?"

I replied, "Oh it's happening!" and reached up and pulled the hem of his shirt over his head and off. Mark reached down and rubbed my mound with one hand while still kissing me and kneading one breast so I took the opportunity to undo his jeans. The head of his cock was poking out his briefs and oozing precum which I dipped my finger in and spread around the tip. His breath hitched and he jerked a little. "Do you have condoms?" I asked. Marked nodded and pushed me towards the couch in the living room.

Just then Sam calls out, "Mark, what's taking so long?" 

Mark looks at me and yells back "Go ahead without me Sam. Something came up." Then to me he asks "can we go to your place?" I had almost forgotten Sam was even there but the thought of him close by while Mark and I were making out made me wetter and hotter.

"We could, or we can stay here..." I pulled his jeans and underwear down off his hips and as I slid them down his legs I followed them down to the ground and onto my knees in front of him. I grasped his hard cock and slowly licked from his tight balls all the way up the shaft and licked the precum off that big head. Mark grasped me on either side of my head and pulled me closer and forced his cock into my open mouth, not waiting for me to move at my own pace. He thrust a couple times deep into my throat and I took it all. 

Mark was so into the blowjob he didn't hear footsteps on the stairs...but I did. I grabbed the base of his cock and stopped his thrusts so I could set my own rhythm. I had given blow jobs before and thought I was pretty good at it. I licked all the way around the head before taking it in my mouth again.

Peeking around Mark, I could see Sam standing at the base of the stairs with his mouth hanging open. Giving him a show I worked Mark's cock in and out of my mouth while massaging his balls from underneath. Sam's dick was straining from his sweatpants.

Pulling Mark's cock from my mouth I looked up at him and whispered "is it ok if your friend joins us?" Mark whipped his head around to find Sam wide eyed, hard as a rock and rubbing himself through his pants. "Look what I found, Sam and she wants you too!" Sam looked at me with a pleading look and I nodded to him. 

Sam came forward and grabbing me by the elbows gently lifted me off my knees and pulled me to him. His mouth came to mine, hard, searching, and his tongue explored my hot mouth and tasted Mark's pre cum on my tongue. I moaned into Sam's mouth and ran my hands through his thick hair, pulling him closer. His body was hard against mine and I could feel the strain of his giant cock through his pants and he rubbed it against my hip bones.

His hands moved to my naked breasts and he rolled my nipples between his thumb and fingers and pulled gently. I could feel a tingle in my pussy and a trickle run out and down my thighs. Mark moved up behind me, kissing my neck and grabbing my as cheeks, kneading and pulling them apart. I could feel his body against me and realized he was now naked. 

Mark pulled me around to him away from Sam and kissed me hard. He gently pushed me down onto the couch behind me. "I'm going to taste you." He grabbed my legs under my knees and forced them up high over his shoulders, opening me up to him. He spread my lips open and rubbed my mound without touching me where I wanted him to.

Bringing his mouth down, he licked all around avoiding my clit the whole time. I lifted my hips and moaned. "Please?" I begged. He finally dove in and tantalized my clit with his tongue, flicking it and licking and nibbling all around. "Oh My God!" I yelled. It felt so good I was almost ready to cum right then.

Mark pulled back a bit and I looked over to see Sam standing near my head with his clothes off and his hard cock in his hands. It was HUGE! He moved in closer and I wrapped my hand around it and stroked up and down. Dipping my finger into the bead of pre cum on the tip, I spread it around the head of this monster. Sam hissed and jumped a bit. I sat up a bit and Sam stuffed the couch pillows behind me as I glided that huge head into my mouth. 

Mark resumed his assault on my pussy and clit and worked a couple of fingers deep into me while I licked the head of Sam's cock, moving my tongue all around the head and up and down the shaft. Sam held my head in his hands while I put the tip in and slowly moved further up and down the shaft, trying to work more of this generous cock into my mouth. Just as I managed to swallow most of Sam's cock down my throat I felt my pussy tighten and twitch and grip Mark's fingers as I came hard around them. 

Sam continued to gently move his cock in my mouth and my orgasm slowly ebbed. I felt Mark sit back and he removed his fingers and just gently massaged my clit slowly and carefully.

Feeling sated, I focused my attention on Sam's cock in my mouth. Grabbing it at the base, I sucked it and licked it, pulling it out and running my tongue all around the tip. His head thrown back and moaning, I could feel him swell more in my mouth. 

I could feel Mark move between my legs again and as I was deep throating his friend, he spread my lips wide with his fingers and rubbed his cock up and down my pussy and on my clit causing me to flinch. He pushed the tip in and then pulled out causing me to moan around Sam's dick in my mouth. Mark put the tip in again and just held still for a moment then rammed the whole thing in hard causing Sam's cock to ram hard to the back of my throat. 

Soon I was being pumped hard in my pussy and deep throating Sam as far as I could. They both quickened their pace to match each other and I could hardly stand it. It felt amazing. Sam stopped pumping in my mouth and held the shaft firm while his cum spurted out and down my throat. Mark rammed hard into me, my pussy trembling around his cock as his cock pulsed his cum deep inside me. I swallowed all of Sam's cum and licked his cock clean.

Sam stepped back and Mark pulled out of me as he reached for a Kleenex and wiped his cum dripping from my pussy. "Sorry about that, Lindy. I um, hope you are on something?"

"Yeah I am, Mark." I look over to see Sam sporting his huge erection again and stroking it slowly. He moves closer and takes my hand pulled me off the couch. He spins us around and seats himself on couch and holds his cock out. He turns me again so I am facing Mark and away from him guides me back to the couch.

"My turn," Says Sam. He guides me down to his waiting cock and spreading my lips, rubs the head against my lips. It's so big I don't think it will fit in my young pussy. He moves it to the opening and pulls me down a bit onto the head. It stretches my opening and it is so full of him. He doesn't move or pull me down any further, he waits while adjust to the fullness of him in me. My pussy starts to relax and I move my hips down a little further and then pull up again.

Repeating this I slowly move down, taking more and more of Sam into me. Wanting all of it I push down hard and feel him fill me fully. My ass is against his stomach and I can't believe it's all in me. I lean back against him and lift my legs off the floor onto his things. He puts his hands under my ass and lifts me up and down his cock as I move my hips in rhythm.

It feels so amazing to be filled. My head thrown back, I ride his cock moaning and screaming as he slams my ass down again and again on his hard cock. My eyes closed tightly and I rode him into ecstasy screaming as the orgasm tears through my pussy and body trembles all over. Sam continues to bury himself in me as my orgasm subsides.

I feel something warm down between my thighs and I open my eyes to see Mark kneeling in front of me with his face near my pussy. He moves my lips apart and rubs my clit with his finger as Sam is pounding his cock into me. He comes closer and puts his whole mouth over my clit and slowly sucks. The intensity of being filled and sucked is so incredible my eyes roll back as I cum hard around Sam's cock and he buries himself in me hard and his cock shoots load after load of cum into me. 

Mark sits back on the floor and I collapse onto Sam behind me totally spent and satisfied. For a long, time we don't move or say anything. I finally slowly pull myself up and off of Sam. Neither of them makes a move as I stand and stretch and reach for my robe. My pussy is drenched and sore as I wrap myself in my robe. 

Tying the belt I move to the couch first and lean down and take Sam's face between my hands and kiss him gently and then I move to where Mark in sitting on the floor and do the same to him. "Thanks guys, this is a night I will never forget." They both look like they are in shock of what happened and don't reply as I make my way to the door and out of their apartment. I let myself into my apartment and close the door leaning against it for support as my legs are shaking.

A grin spreads across my face as I realize what I have discovered about my nerdy neighbors. Now to decide if I let my roommates in on my new found knowledge or do I keep them for myself?