 I was always known as the party girl. My name is Lisa, but nobody ever called me by that name. A lot of people called me Mikey because I’d fuck anybody, you know like the old cereal commercial? I guess I just dated myself, referring to a commercial from the 1970’s. That was my decade I guess, when I came of age. I believe age is a matter of perception, and ironically the name most men call me is Baby, as in “Hey Baby” or “Oh, Baby”. I’m the girl your mother warned you about. This is my story.

I grew up in far northern Maine in a small logging town. The only things to do up there are either join 4-H or party. Let’s just say that I never did take a lamb to the county fair. In the summer of 1976, I turned eighteen years old and I was more than ready to move on from the frozen north country. 

My best friend Amy was going off to college and she invited me to go to orientation week with her and help her move into her dorm room. She didn’t have to ask me twice. I packed a duffle bag I stole from my brother, left my parents a note and we were gone, headed for the city and what ever it held for us. I didn’t really have a plan, I just had to get out of town or I knew I might never leave it. I had no intention of waiting tables or marrying a log pusher, so I knew it was it was time to choose. I was never any good in school and I knew my only asset was my body. I decided to head south and figure it out as I went along.

Amy was busy with her orientation and I didn’t see much of her that week. We went to several mixers and I was very pleased to see that the college boys were just as interested in me as the log pushers had always been. With my long blonde hair, blue eyes and a nice pair of breasts on my five foot six inch body I could easily get their attention, and I just loved getting attention. 

It never ceased to amaze me how much you can get by just showing off a little cleavage and inner thigh. I made a point of wearing loose fitting sun dresses. Remember those, that were cut low in the front and high on the side. I never wore anything under the dresses, and if I wanted to I could easily give a guy a nice clear shot of any part of my body. I just loved the thrill of flashing my breasts, but the most fun was to find ways to show the Full Monty, or as we said back then, the Beaver Shot. I became very good at the “accidental” peek. Bar stools were the best place, and after a few days I found a nice little pub were I could go and drink all night without spending a dime. It was the most fun I had had in years, and I was really enjoying the freedom of acting like an adult for the first time in my life.

Much to quickly, the week passed and I found myself packing my little bag. It was a Sunday morning and school was set to begin in the morning. I had about seventy five dollars to my name and I had to decide if I should spend it on a hotel or a bus ticket. Neither choice offered much hope. I said my good bye to Amy, wished her well and started my walk across campus to the bus station.

It was a beautiful, warm and sunny August morning and I took my shoes off to walk bare foot through the thick manicured lawns of the campus. I was walking slowly, rolling my options over and over in my head. The buildings were huge old homes, mansions really, and as I walked I was amused to see that the buildings really were covered in ivy. Most had huge porches with imposing front doors, and a few actually had statues of lions on either side of the walkway. It suddenly dawned on me that these were fraternity houses, and I realized that frat houses were usually filled with rich boys with over active hormones. I knew at once how to solve my problem, and enjoy myself at the same time. I walked up and down the street twice, chose the biggest house and just walked in the front door.

The house was huge, with a central hall down the middle and rooms off to either side. I could smell breakfast and I heard the sounds of many voices coming from the room to the left, so I just followed sound through the first room and emerged into a large kitchen with tables set up like a summer camp to feed at least 50 people at a time. This place was cavernous, and the noise of twenty or so college boys fighting over the bacon and bloody Mary’s bounced off the walls. 

As I walked in, I quickly scanned the room for signs of any faculty or anyone looking official, and saw none. I threw my duffle bag down on the floor, and a few guys looked up, startled to see a girl in their inner sanctum, but they smiled. I smiled back, and then lifted my dress off over my head and stood there totally naked. Let me tell you, that got everybody’s attention. In seconds the room was dead quiet. I was literally trembling with excitement, and I could feel my nipples getting hard as I stood naked before at least twenty five total strangers.

Not wanting to loose my advantage, I put my hands on my hips and said, in what I hoped was a sultry voice, “Who’s in charge here, boys?”

I was pleased to see a very attractive guy stand up. He looked about twenty one, and as our eyes met, I felt the connection of a kindred spirit. He looked me up and down, and said “I’m Jim, Chapter President, and you are?”

“My name is Lisa, that’s all you need to know for now. I am eighteen years old and perfectly legal.” I threw in the last part because I really did look sixteen at the time. I weight 118 pounds soaking wet and I was in the bloom of my youth. “I have a business proposition for all of you. Sit down Jim and close your mouth. Here’s my offer.”

I was now pacing back and forth in front of them, my mind racing to come up with something to say. The tile floor was cold on my feet, and goose bumps were popping up all over my body. For some reason, I remember being very aware of my breasts bouncing with each step I took. 

I turned to face them and struck my best beauty queen pose. “I need a place to live.” I said. “I need a private room, free food and booze and drugs if you have them and spending money.” I paused for a second to see if they would react, but they all just stared at me.

“In exchange,” I said, “You can have me. Any man in this house can fuck me any time he wants to, for as long as he wants to. You can fuck me in any hole, in any way you want as hard as you want. There are only two rules,” I said holding up two fingers. “Rule number one is when I say no, I mean no. If I say stop, you will stop instantly and pull out and get off of me. Rule number two is easy. You have to cum in my mouth.”

I stood there for a few seconds waiting for something to happen. But nothing did, they were motionless and stone cold silent. “Well,” I said, “Don’t you like what you see?” They all began to nod their heads silently in unison, like a room full of dumb struck mimes. “Ok,” I said as I picked up my duffle bag. “I’m going into the next room and I’m going to get on the floor and stick my ass in the air for you. I’ll wait two minutes, and only two minutes. If I don’t feel a cock in me in less than two minutes, I’ll walk out the door and try the next house. If I do get a cock in me, I give you my word that I will fuck every man in this room as many times as he wants to fuck me. If you accept my terms I will be your sex slave. No strings, no limits, nothing taboo. The choice is yours.”

I spun around and walked through the swinging door to the next room. You could have heard a pin drop in that room, but all I could hear was my heart pounding in my head. I went into the next room and got down on the floor, clutching my duffle bag to my chest, I stuck my ass up in the air with my legs spread wide and my back arched so my pussy pulled open. The carpet smelled like dirt and stale beer. I lay my cheek on a clean spot and focused on the claw foot of the old couch a few feet away.

For the first thirty seconds or so, I didn’t hear a sound. Then I heard some hushed whispers that got more excited and a little louder with each passing second. Then I heard dozens of chairs scooting across the tile floor and footsteps racing towards the door. I could feel them looking at me, at my spread open pussy and my asshole. I noticed that my asshole was twitching, almost winking at them. But I still didn’t hear anything. I was beginning to wonder what was going on. What would they do to me? Call the police? Kick me out?

Just as I was about to get up and run away in embarrassment, I felt the familiar touch on my ass as two hands spread my cheeks open, the thumbs pressing firmly on my pussy lips to pull them wide. Then the always glorious feeling of a hard cock sliding easily into me up to the hilt, the balls resting briefly against my lips as the guy, who ever he was, settled in and got comfortable. Then he started to fuck me doggie style, hard and steady, firmly holding my hips as he thrust into me. I did my best to clamp down on him and meet his thrusts, and sure enough it worked. He didn’t even make it to 30 pumps into me, I was counting, before he pulled out of me. 

I quickly turned around and took him in my mouth just as he began to cum. I grabbed his balls and gently but firmly milked them as he squirted a good mouthful into me. As I swallowed I looked up and realized it was Jim. Our eyes met again and I instantly liked this guy. I can’t explain it, but I felt like I could trust him. I decided to finish with style, so as I looked him in the eye I deep throated him, taking his cock in my mouth down to the base. I bit down on the base of his cock, just enough so it would feel good, and I squeezed his scrotum in my fist with his balls hanging free below my hand, unhurt but with pressure on them. I wanted him to know I was in control. After a few seconds, I sat back on my butt resting on my elbows, letting my legs spread wide. I brushed the hair out of my face, looked around the room at all the guys, and in my sweetest voice said, “Next!”

At that point the silence was broken and the guys began to cheer and yell. They also all began to strip and in just seconds I was in the center of a room full of twenty seven naked men, all with their cocks bobbing up and down in a beautiful symphony with my own heart beat. I got to my feet and gave Jim a deep kiss, then promenaded around the room checking out the guy’s equipment. I spotted a big, Nordic looking blonde guy with a nice cock. It looked to be about eight inches long, and it curved down like a banana. I walked up to him and took his cock in my hand, stroking a few good pumps as I looked at the other guys. “You’ll do,” I said as I lead him to the couch by his cock. He had the most absolutely goofy look on his face I had to laugh as I squeezed his dick in my small hand.

Sitting on the couch with my feet up on the edge, I leaned back and put my arms over my head, fully spreading myself before the group. The Big Guy quickly got on his knees, positioning himself between my legs. “Can I really do you anywhere?” he asked.

“Rule number one,” I said. “If you can get it in, you can fuck it.”

“Alright!” he yelled, and he gently took my knees and raised them up high, exposing my ass. He put his cock in me and pumped a few times to get it lubricated, then he pulled out and spit into his hand, rubbing the saliva up and down his cock. His cock slid easily into my ass and he began to steadily, but gently fuck me in the ass. 

As he fucked me I noticed the other guys were watching with rapt attention. I motioned to one of the guys to come over to me, and I sucked his cock as he stood off to the side of the couch. It turned out the Mr. Nordic had very good stamina. He just kept pumping my ass and playing with my breasts as I blew two guys in a row. I was in absolute heaven. 

I had often day dreamed about doing a gang bang, but I never thought I would do it. I had been with two guys on a number of occasions before, but I never really believed I’d have them lined up and waiting like that. Something in my mind just clicked. I knew I had found something that was profoundly meaningful to me on a gut level. I know this sounds silly, and very few people in the world will believe me, but I felt good about myself. I was proud that all these men found me attractive. As I looked around the room at their smiling faces, I was happy. I took each hard cock as a personal compliment, and I was eager to make each one of those cocks cum for me.

I was true to my word that day. I fucked all twenty seven of them, most of them twice and several of them three or four times. By the time it was over I was quite literally covered head to toe in sperm. I was exhausted, and very, very happy. I honestly don’t know how many times I came myself, but I am sure that I had as much fun as they did.

That was just the first day. I stayed there off and on for three years. 

When I woke up the next morning, alone in a king sized bed, it took me a minute to realize where I was. There was a note on the bedside table that welcomed me to the fraternity, and said breakfast would be served the instant I pushed the buzzer button next to the clock. 

I just smiled to myself and wondered what the day would bring. But that’s another story.