 The year is 1971 and this story was told to be by a co-worker who I assumed at the time to be a real bullshit artist. While he had a gift for storytelling, I later learned that this tale was true.

***

1. The scheme.

The sudden gust of frigid wind practically tore the storm door out of Ed's hand as he went out into the wicked early March evening. An unexpected storm was moving in and a couple of inches of snow had already fallen as Ed helped his wife into their car which had been idling in the driveway. Ed ran around and slid behind the wheel, blowing on his hands and rubbing them together in an effort to restore some circulation.

Pat and Ed exchanged glances as he pulled out of the driveway and headed for town. Pat put her hand on Ed's thigh and squeezed tightly, bringing a smile to Ed's face as he fought the steering wheel.

"How do you feel honey?" Pat asked.

"Excited as hell. How about you?"

"You know how I feel babe," Pat said as her hand slid a little further up Ed's thigh. "It's great how this worked out with the storm and everything."

"You're right," Ed agreed as he pulled into the parking lot of a local saloon, the place nearly deserted despite it being a Friday night. "This way we won't have to lie about coming back home early."

Ed and Pat had been planning this for months, waiting patiently for the right time. How many nights had they lay in bed thinking through various scenarios for this night? Now the time had finally come and Ed was beside himself with anticipation and lust. What made it even more exciting for Ed was the fact that Pat seemed to want this just as much as he did. 

They went into the bar and sat in a booth in the corner and ordered cocktails while the juke box played loudly at the other end of the place. They sipped their drinks while Pat put her hand on Ed's leg again. This time she didn't stop above the knee but continued on up Ed's muscular thigh a bit, before coming to the sizeable bulge on the inside of his thigh.

"Holy shit, you're hard already!" Pat hissed as she ran her hand over the outline of Ed's stiff cock, causing him to moan quietly as Pat worked under the table.

"I've had a hard-on ever since she came in the house," Ed admitted. "I can't stop thinking about how great this is going to be. Thinking about you and her together. Maybe me too."

The "she" that Ed referred to was their babysitter Katie, and the planning and scheming that had been going on all centered around that little innocent girl, who was probably sitting on their couch right now blissfully unaware of how much her life was about to change. If everything went according to plan, that is.

Ever since Katie had started watching Ed and Pat's now three year old boy Todd last summer, Ed and Pat had thought about what it would be like to seduce her. Ed and Pat Snider had gotten involved in a swinging lifestyle of sorts, or at least as much as you could swing in the sleepy upstate New York suburb they lived in. 

They had gotten together with another couple and all had sex in the same bedroom with their own mates a couple of years ago. From there, it was a short step to swapping partners, and it had gone on from there. They kept it very discreet and select, but it was now a part of their lives, and they sensed it would remain so indefinitely. 

Katie was different. The perky little waif looked like she was 13 when she had first shown up at their door last year, recommended by a friend of Pat's who said she was wonderful with kids. It turned out that Katie was a very dependable and reliable young lady of 17, an honor roll student and drama club president. They had befriended her and had even gone to the school play she had starred in last fall. All the time waiting in an anticipation, and now that Katie had turned 18 last month, the wait was over. 

"Not feeling guilty, are you Pat?" Ed asked as he lit their cigarettes.

"I know you aren't, just by feeling your cock!" Pat said a little too loudly. "Besides, I told you that I saw a rubber in her pocketbook when I stuck her Christmas card in it. She's not as innocent as she looks, but I gotta admit she looks innocent as hell. That cute little smile and those perky little titties are all I can think about too!"

Just the thought of Katie sent a surge through Ed's loins that Pat's continued rubbing only made worse. Barely five foot tall and less than a hundred pounds soaking wet, that cute teenager with the dark brown shoulder length hair was not the type of woman that usually did much for Ed. He had always been attracted to women like Pat until Katie came along. 

Pat was almost as tall as Ed, who was just shy of six foot tall. Pat had always been a voluptous woman, but since Todd was born she had become even more so, and the thought of Katie playing with Pat's tits almost made him shoot his wad right then and there, and so he reluctantly took Pat's hand off his crotch. The wet spot that Pat had caused made Ed feel embarrassed, but luckily the place was dark, and it would hopefully be dry soon.

"Don't Pat!" Ed said after pulling her hand away. "Geez, I'm going to cum in my pants if you don't stop."

"Sorry babe," Pat snickered. "So we wait a little while longer until Katie gets Todd to bed and then go back."

"Right!" Ed agreed. "We go back and say that the weather was too bad for us to travel, and since she was going to stay over anyway we insist that she stay. We tell her that since we couldn't go out and party, we have one of our own down in the family room."

"And sort of a belated birthday party for her too!" Pat added. 

"What have we got to lose?" Ed offered.

"A great babysitter," Pat reminded Ed, and that was not a trifling matter as they had already learned from experience.

"True, but we just give it a shot like we had planned and let the chips fall where they may," Ed said after he drained his Manhattan and looked for the waitress for a refill.

"No pressure and no getting her drunk either," Pat added.

"You know me better than that!" Ed said as the waitress came toward them. 

They had already discussed that, and on that point Ed was as adamant as his wife. They were never going to take advantage of anybody underage, and they had rigidly kept to that pledge despite the temptation. They were not going to get anybody wasted either, because there was no fun that either. The pursuit, the seduction and the conquest was what turned Ed on the most, and right now they didn't get any more turned on than Ed.

"That waitress is cute too Ed," Pat commented as she departed. "She's got a nice rack, and check those legs out babe."

"With the treat we have waiting for us at home, I've got no interest in anyone else," Ed admitted.

"Almost time" Pat said as she checked her watch. "Todd should be out like a light."

"One more drink and we go to work," Ed said as he paid the waitress and tipped her generously because, who knows? Maybe some night they might make it back in here and get acquainted.

"Work?" Pat said with a laugh. "If we pull this off it'll be all pleasure."

2. The Sniders' return.

Ed killed the lights as he pulled into the driveway, the snow cushioning the sounds of their entrance. Waking up Todd was not part of the plan, and as they stepped softly around the back of the house and up the deck steps they kept as quiet as they could. Looking in the door they saw Katie sitting on the couch reading.

"Oh look," Pat whispered. "Katie's in her jammies!"

White pajamas with what looked like little red hearts on them, Ed noted to himself as he looked at the girl reading intently, her feet tucked under herself.

"Not for long I hope," Ed answered as he slid the door open as quietly as he could.

Katie was startled and bolted upright before seeing it was the Sniders' at the door.

"Just us," Pat whispered.

"What happened?" Katie asked in a concerned tone.

"The roads. They're horrible!" Ed said. "We knew we could never make it up to the lodge so we decided to come back."

"Oh, that's too bad" Katie said. "I know you two were looking forward to getting away. Todd's asleep. He dropped off about a half hour ago."

"That's good. We'll let him sleep," Pat told Katie. "You know, Ed and I were thinking that maybe we could have a party of our own right here. You know, just the three of us."

"Down in the den," Ed chimed in.

"Yeah, down there we don't have to whisper and Ed's got the intercom hooked up so we can hear Todd in case he wakes up," Pat said. "What do you say Katie? You were going to spend the night anyway and it's way too dangerous for you to drive home. Sort of a belated happy birthday party for you too."

"Sure, that sounds far out!" Katie said excitedly. "I'll go get dressed."

"No, don't bother with that Katie!" Pat told her. "You look so comfy the way you are that I think we'll get our pajamas on too, and Ed can get a fire going. It'll be like a slumber party!"

"Neat!" Katie exclaimed, and as the Sniders' went to get their night clothes on they exchanged looks that congratulated each other, because so far everything was going just as they had planned it.

3. Movie time.

The fire was roaring in a matter of minutes, Ed having already stacked the wood and kindling earlier in the day. Mercifully Ed had finally lost his erection for the most part, because there would be no hiding it in these flannel pajamas. Pat had reminded him of that as they changed.

"Geez Ed, you gotta lose that before you go downstairs," Pat snickered as she saw the outrageous bulge in his crotch. "She'll run out the door if she sees you like that."

Ed had managed to calm himself down and as he tidied up around the front of the fireplace and admired his roaring masterpiece Katie joined him.

"Neat PJ's Mr. Snider!" Katie chirped.

"Oh yeah, thanks. They were a Christmas present from Todd," Ed said, trying not to look at Katie. "Yours are nice too. Valentine's day present?"

"Yes, from last year" Katie said.

Pat made her entrance, carrying a tray of snacks and placing them on the table. Pat was wearing light blue satin pajamas and looked elegant, except that even though they were loose fitting, her nipples were practically poking holes through the fabric.

"Wow! I love your pajamas too Mrs. Snider," Katie said with awe in her voice, and Ed thought that Katie was staring at Pat's nipples as much as he was. It was impossible not to notice them the way they were being displayed. Maybe Katie's staring was msotly his imagination, but Ed felt his cock begin to stir nonetheless and fought back the feeling as best he could. Pat towered over Katie so much that her tits were almost at Katie's eye level.

"Thank you Katie," Pat answered happily. "How about a drink for all of us? I know what would be good on a night like this. Sambuca! Do you like that Katie?"

"I don't know, I've never had it."

"I think you'll enjoy this," Pat assured Katie as she handed her the little glass. "Sip it, because it's a little strong."

Ed and Pat sipped their drinks and watched as Katie took a little drink. She recoiled a little but recovered quickly and smiled.

"Mmmmm! Licorice. Really warms my tummy up!"

"Good isn't it?" Ed asked as he exchanged nods with an approving looking Pat.

"I love it!" Katie said as she downed the rest. "Can I have some more?"

"Okay, but take it slowly. We don't want you to get drunk, do we?" Pat said as she poured everyone another. "What are you going to do to entertain us Ed? We don't want our party to fizzle out."

"How about some home movies?" Ed suggested as he went over to the movie projector which he had set up on a cart. The screen went up in a flash and soon they were all on the couch watching Todd's first birthday party.

The ten minutes of oohing and aahing went by fast, and as the film ended Ed got up and changed reels.

"Todd was so cute even then," Katie said to Pat. "You and Mr. Snider should have another baby someday."

"Maybe we will" Pat answered. "One thing though Katie. You can call us by our first names. You're an adult now and we're having a nice party here, so from now on just call us Ed and Pat, okay?"

"I'm Ed!" cracked Mr. Snider as he put a new reel on the projector.

"Wise ass!" Pat responded.

"Okay Pat and Ed" Katie giggled.

Pat put her arm around Katie's shoulders and gave her a hug that Ed tried not to watch. Ed went over to kill the lights again and sat back down on the couch, with Katie between them. 

"What's next on the program?" Pat asked.

"I think this is when we went to the amusement park with Todd last year," Ed said.

It wasn't and Ed knew it. It was a stag movie, not a very good one either, but he didn't want to scare Katie too much. As the film started and this couple started getting undressed Pat gasped in fake shock.

"Ed, what is this? It's no amusement park!"

"Oh, I'm sorry!" Ed said. "This must have gotten put in the wrong box. I'll stop it."

"No, that's okay Ed," Pat said. "I'm sure Katie has seen things like this before, right Katie?"

Ed looked over at Katie, and it sure looked like Katie had never seen anything like this before. She sat with her mouth open as the couple started getting into action. Ed and Pat both watched as Katie looked straight ahead at the screen, not even blinking or looking away as she took another sip of her drink. Pat putting her hand on Katie's thigh didn't even register on Katie's face.

Finally the movie ended and the screen went white, the sound of the film slapping around bringing Ed back to reality. He got up and stopped the projector and turned on the lights dimly.

"What did you think of that Katie?" Pat said as Ed rejoined them on the couch.

"Int... Interesting," Katie croaked meekly.

"You've done things like that with boys before, haven't you dear?" Pat asked as she cuddled closer to Katie, who was blushing. "A girl as beautiful as you could never have stayed a virgin this long.

"You won't tell my parents, will you?" Katie asked in a shaky voice.

"Of course not!" Ed and Pat said almost in unison.

"Anything that you tell us here will never leave here," Pat promised.

"Well, do you know Roy Flood?" Katie asked, and the name certainly didn't mean anything to Ed or Pat.

"He took me to the Snowflake Ball at school last month, and after the dance we went to Billy Carson's house because his parents were away and we went into a bedroom and we did it!" Katie blurted out excitedly all in one breath.

"Wow!" Pat exclaimed. "Tell us more Katie. Tell us all about it."

"Ummm, that's pretty much all there was. It wasn't very much fun."

"Oh, that's too bad," Pat said while rubbing Katie's thigh softly. "Did it hurt?"

"No," Katie answered. "It just was over so fast. It took him longer to put the rubber on his thing than it did to do it. He just put it in me and moved back and forth a couple of times and that was it."

"That's a shame Katie" Pat said. "Sex should be a wonderful thing. Now if you were to do it with an experienced man like Ed here, I'm sure you would enjoy it a lot more."

"Well, it's probably not the boy's fault," Ed suggested. "A girl like Katie who's so beautiful, well that makes it tough to keep control of yourself."

Ed said that while trying to reposition his cock which was now fully erect and looking for a way out of his pajamas.

"That's true Ed," Pat agreed. "A girl as pretty as Katie must have boys lined up all the time."

"I wish!" Katie said as she drained her glass and set it down. "Most boys are jerks. They go after girls that are built like my friend Marcia. She's really... you know."

"You've got a lovely figure Katie" Pat assured her.

"Boys think I look like a kid. They like the girls that are really stacked like Marcia."

"They're very immature and they don't know what they're missing," Pat said. "Petite women are just as sexy as anybody, right Ed?"

"Right!"

"Now this Marcia, she's a good friend of yours?" Pat asked. "Do you two do things together?"

"Oh yeah, we're both in Drama Club and we go shopping and junk."

"No dear, what I meant was that you seem very fond of this Marcia, and I was wondering if you two did things together. Like making out and things like that."

Katie looked at Pat with a puzzled expression before finally offering, "But Marcia's a girl."

"Girls can make out with each other," Pat explained to Katie. "It's just like making out with a boy, and you've done that right?"

"Well yes, but... "

Pat didn't wait for Katie to finish. Instead she leaned over and took Katie's face into her hands and kissed her. Ed watched as Katie's eyes bulged out of their sockets when Pat's lips met hers. The look of shock lasted a couple of seconds before her eyes gradually closed. By the time Pat had finished and pulled back, Katie was not resisting. In fact, to Ed it looked like Katie had begun to get into it.

"There, just like being with a boy, right?" Pat whispered huskily as she looked into Katie's eyes. "That wasn't so bad, was it babe?"

Katie shook her head and croaked out a response.

"No... nice."

Pat glanced over at Ed, who was sweating like a pig, and not just from the warmth of the fireplace either. His face was beet red and his cock was making a tent of his pajamas. This time when Pat leaned over and kissed Katie, she responded. The sight of Pat's full red lips and Katie's thinnner and pale pink lips crushing together made Ed gasp.

While Pat and Katie necked, Ed put his hand on Katie's thigh, his paw practically encircling her slender leg. Pat's hand came up and cupped Katie's right breast and squeezed through the material. Katie's hand came up in shock and at first tried to take Pat's hand off.

"It's alright baby, don't you like this?" Pat asked softly.

"My... they're too small" Katie said breathlessly, her face flushed.

"They feel great to me baby" Pat said as she continued to massage her breast. "Doesn't this feel nice?"

Katie nodded and didn't object when Pat took the bottom of the pullover in her hands and lifted it up. Katie even accommodated her by lifting her arms to let her take it off. Ed felt cum dribbling out of his cock as Katie's cute little treasures came into view.

Katie's breasts were beautiful little cones about the size of lemons, with crimson hued aureolas about the size of quarters. Her nipples were rounded pea-sized nubs that were begging to be sucked.

"They're incredible!" Pat gasped, just before leaning over and taking one into her mouth.

Katie's head fell back against the couch as she moaned loudly. Ed bent over and took her other nipple into his mouth, which cause an even louder gasp from Katie. Ed's eyes met Pat's, who rolled hers in response as together they devoured Katie's breasts.

Ed took Katie's entire breast into his mouth, letting his tongue caress the pebbly textured nipple. Katie's arms went to the back of the couch as she squirmed in ecstacy. Ed glanced up and put his hand on Katie's bicep, letting his thumb glide gently back and forth over the tiny patch of fuzz nestled in the damp hollow of her armpit, resulting in even more moaning and writhing from Katie. Her head was rolling around in circles as this all went on and her eyes looked glassy to Ed as he looked up at her.

"Why don't you take Pat's top off so she can get comfortable too?" Ed suggested hopefully.

"I'd like that" Pat said, and took Katie's hands and placed near the top button.

Katie's tiny fingers were trembling so badly that it took forever for her to get the first button undone. Ed rubbed the teenager's back and shoulders in reassurance.

"No reason for you to be nervous babe," Pat offered. "We're both women."

"Ummm, I'm not really nervous," Katie said haltingly. "Excited, I think."

"Us too," Pat said as the next buttons came undone and Katie opened the top and pulled it off Pat's shoulders.
