 When they walked in she knew that she had been caught. She sat there on the couch, her chest rising and falling with every breath, partly from her indiscretion but mostly from the fear. The kids had been asleep for awhile, and, "There wasn't anything else for me to do," was all that her mind would think. Her legs were squeezed tightly together hiding her panties in between them. Each breath making her heart pound even harder. 

"Hi Emily, did everything go ok?" Susan asked as she strolled into the room. 

"Oh, everything went fine!" Emily blurted out, a little too enthusiastically. Her mind had a marathon of thoughts running through it. "What am I going to say?" being the main theme of this event.

"That's great Em," Alex replied. " They weren't any problem were they?" 

"No, no everything went fine.... I think I should get going though." Her heart started to calm a bit. If she could get out of there quickly, then maybe no one would notice the signs. She had managed to catch her breath by then, and the only thing left was the bit of sweat that made her brow glisten with that glow of sinful delight. 

Alex quickly responded. "Okay. Just give me a sec, and I'll pay you, okay?" 

"Honey, I'm going to check on the kids." Susan made her way up the stairs. "Don't be too long before coming to bed, okay?" 

"Alright, Susie, I'll be up in a sec." Alex looked at Emily and smiled. "Can you give me just a sec? There is something I think we need to talk about." He pointed at her lap. 

She looked down and realized that she had relaxed a bit too much and let her legs slip open just a bit leaving her moist panties barely sticking out from in-between her thighs. 

"Umm... I'm sorry, please don't say anything. I can explain." She whispered. 

He left the room, looking back at her and placing a finger on lips, whispering, "I'll be back in a sec. Just wait." 

Her heart started to pound even more now. "How to explain? He would never understand," ran through her head, "I'm supposed to be here watching his kids, and I did. But they went to sleep so long ago. I didn't have anything to do, and they weren't going to wake up. I couldn't help it. All I kept thinking was...." 

"Emily, give me just another minute. I'll be down in a bit Sue isn't feeling too well." 

"OK!" She cried, then whispered to herself, "Maybe he'll forget." 

After about ten minutes she heard his footsteps as he made his way down the stairs. Her breathing started to grow faster, each breath a bit deeper than the last. She could feel the anxiety build up in her body. She knew she was in an extreme amount of trouble. He finally appeared at the bottom of the stairs looking at her sternly "So what exactly went on here?" 

"I'm sorry, Alex, I don't know what... umm... I'm soooo sorry. Please don't tell your wife. You don't have to pay me... It'll never happen again... I know you don't want me to come over anymore. I understand, but please don't tell... I just couldn't help myself. I've been getting in these moods." 

"Tell me about them..." He said with a smile. 

That look puzzled her. "Is he really asking me this?" She whispered quietly to herself. 

"You know I am always willing to help you when you need something. "He leaned in towards her placing a hand on her leg. "I'm not that out of touch with things." 

"Oh my god...." She thought, her body frozen with shock. "What should I do? What should I say? What if he tells? What if I tell?" As these thoughts ran through Emily's mind, she felt his lips gently press on the nape of her neck. She could feel her muscles start to contract, her whole body becoming a huge ball tension. He could sense the fear and anxiety building up in her, and he gently moved his hand up her leg. His rough fingers slowly dragging across her warm soft flesh, leisurely gliding across the surface of her clothes and up to her back. She didn't know what to expect. Her impulse was to push him away and scream, but she was afraid to. He pulled her in closer to his body, his lips firmly pressed against hers. Her hands pushed feebly against his chest trying to get away, but her body was starting to melt into his arms. "Alex, please stop!" Emily sighed softly. 

He pulled away and looked at her. "Susan is asleep, Emily. It can be just me and you tonight." 

She tilted her head slightly then ran her fingers down his cheek... "I'm so glad." She thought, but her eyes shouted her secret wish to Alex. He took her in his arms and carried her off into the dinning room. There was no way that anyone would hear them there. 

He laid her on floor and pulled out a chair and placed it down at her feet. He took a seat in it backwards with his chin resting on the back of it. "Now you haven't told me exactly what has been going on here, and since you haven't I want you to show me." He said. 

A touch of shame flared up in her, painting her face, but it quickly died down and was replaced by a sense of naughtiness. He looked down on her as the game of "I'm so shy." played itself out across her face. Her hands slid slowly up her sides gently tugging at her shirt, lifting it slowly up her calves. The wave of excitement overcoming Emily made her arch her back, allowing him to barely see the powder blue bra hiding underneath her blouse. She looked up at him with that cliché grin, teasing him as girls do. "What do you think I was doing?" She asked coyly. 

He twirled her panties on his finger and looked down at her smiling. A grin shot across her lips as her hands slid down her sides then slowly across her lap burrowing deep into lap. She grabbed at her long skirt, pulling it up slowly, the folds of fabric retreating up her body revealing the almond colored flesh of her legs. The soft yet powerful build of her thighs made him growl slightly to himself as he knew that the warmth they would provide as they engulfed him would make his body writhe. His eyes followed the edge of cotton as it made it's way up her thighs. He watched as it revealed her inner thighs, his eyes lighting up as if he were watching the sunrise on the most perfect day of his life. 

She smiled with excitement, knowing that he was watching. She licked her fingers and placed them on her labia, sliding them slowly across the soft folds of skin. She then pulled her lips slightly apart to tease him with the sight of her pink fleshy flower. Her eyes closed as her heartbeat grew stronger. Emily could feel the blood in her body grow warmer. The excitement of being watched made her hornier than she had ever been before. She had never let anyone watch as she played. It made her feel dirty, yet it made her want more. She could feel her insides growing moist as her mind played games with his body. 

Her back arched again as her fingers slid inside of her. She could feel the slight bit of tension still lingering begin melting away. Slowly she lowered her back again. Her body quaked with excitement as the coldness of the floor stung at her skin, her eyes opening with the shock. 

She looked up at Alex to find him holding his swollen cock in his hand, gently stroking it in syncopation with each movement of her fingers. As her fingers delved deep into her pussy, she watched him slide his hand down his shaft, its head growing redder as his hand moved, the slight wrinkles on his shaft being stretched smooth as he pulled gently at his fleshy staff. She could see the anticipation in his eyes. 

Emily could feel her body quiver as the thought of having something that big inside of her overwhelmed her. She began to pull at her clit lightly, moaning with each sensation. "Oh god, it's never felt like this before." She gasped under her breath. Alex's cock was throbbing with anticipation, and just the mere thought of this flawless 19 year-old body, her soft moistness, caressing his prick, it made him almost cum. He needed to calm himself. 

He got up from the chair and knelt at her feet. Grabbing her left foot he slipped her big toe inside his mouth. His tongue gently caressed the bottom of her toe as he let it slowly slide out of his mouth. She started to writhe, driven from the mixture of sensations going through her body. The slight tickle of his teeth made her giggle as her toes trespassed in his mouth. She begged for more with each movement of her body. Her fingers digging into the fleshy mounds surrounding her soft wet vagina. Her thighs growing red as her nails dug themselves into its surface. Her body glistened as sweat started to form from her anticipation and enjoyment. Her fingers playing at her clit in waves now. Her pussy began to throb gently as the blood flow pulsed through her body. She was ready and wanting.

"Alex, I've never been with anyone before... at all." He looked at her half confused as he let her toe slide from between his lips. 

"It's okay, Sweetie." He knew she was ready for more with those words. He took her calves in his hands and gently spread her legs open, looking up her at the warm moist crevice of flesh that he wanted to fill, but he wanted her to enjoy it more than him. She stared at him a touch of fear came over her as her body tensed, her legs framing him as he removed his shirt. She quivered slightly as she looked down a bit and saw his fully erect cock on it's own framed by his partially removed pants. 

He slowly lowered his face as he started to crawl up to her. His lips began caressing her inner thigh with soft kisses. His exploration of her virginal flesh made them both extremely excited. He placed his moist tongue on her labia, lapping at it firmly, leaving a moist glistening trail of saliva on them, the warmth of his fleshy tongue being replaced by stinging cold of the air around them as his tongue left her skin. She lay there frozen in the cold air, not knowing how to react to it all. He was touching her, tasting her. An energetic burst exploded in her body as he slid two fingers inside her pussy. Her arms slammed to the ground, her pelvis thrusting up into his face. She cried out an unending amount of silence as her mouth burst open, but the breath was not there to make a sound. His tongue was digging into her fleshy clit with an intensifying undulation. He could feel each twitch of her body as her legs squeezed his face deep into her crotch. His fingers moved gently inside her vagina feeling the tight moist fleshy walls that would soon bring him to an explosive orgasm. Her hands reached down, locking onto the back of his head, holding it in her lap, pushing it into her pelvis, demanding it to give her more... give it harder, give it faster. She was ravenous. 

Alex could feel Emily start convulsing slightly as her first orgasm made its way through her body. Her legs grew weak, her grip withdrawn, her arms collapsing to the ground as it came so quickly and left like a flash. She lay there for a second, eyes rolled slightly back as if she were faint, then the smirk grew on her face. Her face told him the words before she said them.... MORE... "I want MORE!" Emily moaned. 

He crawled up her body as she wrapped her arms around him. She invited him inside. He reached down grabbing his cock and leading it to the sinful gates of flesh that lay between her legs. As the tip of his penis touched her freshly wetted labia, he could feel each little wrinkle of skin. Each pubic hair caressed his shaft as he pressed his cock into her pussy. The intense pressure of her pussy as he slowly drove his head through her flower to delve deep into the wet pink cave, the walls of her vagina squeezing firmly on Alex's now hot and throbbing cock made him moan softly. He could feel her tense up as the overwhelming feeling of his rod stretched the virginal flesh of her insides. Emily's fingers were digging deep into his back, her eyes almost bursting from their sockets as the overwhelming pressure inside her made her tear up from pain. He looked into her eyes and felt sorry for the pain, but knew there was more behind it. 

He kissed her lips as he paused; his penis was as far inside her as it would go. He let it sit there, throbbing, the walls of her insides feeling the hot pulsating blood flowing through his cock. He could sense the calm coming over her as her fingers let his flesh loose. Her face started to relax, her eyes closing slightly. It was then that he gently started to move his hips ever so slightly from side to side, wanting every inch of her deliciously moist pussy to feel his powerful cock. Her body melted into the floor. Sweat dripped from Emily as their bodies started to writhe together. 

She could feel Alex's penis sliding out of her, then thrusting deeper inside. The sensations of each jab causing her great pain, but as it left a pleasure unknown to her took its place. This feeling lingered in her body, leaving her wrapped in warmth and calm and excitement. He started to thrust his cock faster. Each intrusion of his flesh growing harder and deeper, a rapid succession of throbbing hot bursts of pain and pleasure leaping into each of their bodies, his cock feeling the wetness and tightness of her blossom grow. Her body tensed up waiting to release the impending orgasm. Her mind crazed with anxiety not knowing when the orgasm would come. Wave upon wave of sexual power was secreting its way into every pore of her flesh. The touch of the air was making her body tingle. His penis slid in and out of her vagina, the mounds of flesh surrounding her pussy dragging along the shaft of his cock as it forced its way in then retreated as if overwhelmed by the power of her lustful pussy. Her flesh devouring his cock, leaving him sweating, his body throbbing, his shaft growing evermore, Alex was about to burst as he felt Emily start to cum. The hot overwhelming gush of her juices burst from deep inside her body leaving his pelvis drenched with her passionate nectar. The burst within Emily's body made his cock throb with pain, as it could take no more. The blood flow through his shaft had reached its fullest, and in the last few thrusts as she screamed with joy, Alex pulled out his throbbing rod and came onto to the cold wooden floor next to them. 

As they both collapsed to the ground, a voice from the living room said, "Am I supposed to clean that up?" Susan had been watching the whole episode. Susan watching as Emily crawled into the corner, pushing her sweat soaked skirt down covering her freshly pounded pussy and wet thighs. 

"Alex, please help me. Don't let her hurt me." Emily cried as she tried to hide herself. Alex looking at his wife answered, "I'm so sorry. Please, please forgive us. It's not as it seems." Susan started to make her way across the room towards the corner Emily was cowering in. 

"And what exactly am I supposed to believe is going on in here?" She said in an awkwardly sweet voice to Alex. 

Alex calmly replied, " I was getting her ready for you." Emily started to uncover her face quite shocked at what Alex had said. 

As she looked up at Susan, she could see in her dark silhouette that Susan was wearing a strap-on. "Now Emily, I see you've been bad twice tonight already, so I think you shouldn't escape just yet." Susan then grabbed Emily by the hand, led her upstairs to their master bedroom, and stood with her at the foot of their king sized bed. "Now that Alex has shown you the traditional way of doing things, I want to show you the fun ways." Susan grabbed Emily firmly up in her arms and kissed her deeply on the lips, Emily suddenly finding herself kissing Susan back more passionately than she had ever kissed Alex. Somehow the lust inside had overwhelmed every thought she had of the right or wrong behavior she had been taught. 

With that Susan turned Emily around, taking her by the hands, and brought her slowly to her knees. She then methodically started to lift Emily's blouse from her body, licking her belly as the clothes revealed every inch of salty sweet flesh. Her bra was soaked with the lustful sweat she and Alex had created. Quickly Susan ripped the bra away from Emily's flesh revealing her fully erect and wanton nipples. Susan's hands quickly shot down to Emily's skirt, unzipping it from behind, and letting it drop down around her knees. Alex made his way into the room and sat on the bed as he watched his two goddesses of the night begin to explore each other. Emily grew excited at the mounds of flesh that sat upon Susan's chest, and she quickly found her lips pressed firmly around their nipples as Susan's hand forcefully guided her face to one of them. 

"Alex come here." Susan commanded. "Did she perform oral on you?" 

Alex replied, "No," as he crawled to the end of the bed. 

"Good, because she needs to practice first." Emily could feel Susan's fingers grip her hair tightly and forcefully pull her face from her breast and push her down to the soft flesh-like cock she was wearing. "Now suck," she said powerfully pushing her head onto it. Emily loved the power that Susan had over her, and slowly let the penis slide between her lips and deep into her throat. She had found it easy to take most of it in her mouth. Her head started to bob gently on the dildo as Susan's hand led it. Susan moaned slightly as Emily realized that there was a small nub inside the strap-on that was rubbing Susan's clit. Emily, loving Susan's pleasure, reached her hands behind Susan and began to gently caress her butt. 

"Alex, I think she likes butts." Susan said with a slight giggle and pointed down towards Emily's tender rump that was pointing up towards him. He looked back at Susan and smiled. 

"OK!" was all he replied. He quickly dropped to his knees behind Emily as she continued to give Susan a blowjob. Emily was now somewhat scared of what she expected but willing to learn more. Alex dropped to his hands and knees, placing his face between her soft pillowy cheeks. Slowly he let the tip of his tongue gently caress the small patch of flesh between her anus and her pussy lips, causing Emily to jump a bit but sink back into this wonderfully lustful game. 

"Does that feel nice Emily?" Susan asked. Emily nodded as her head, slowly bobbed up and down on the large, firm cock. Alex's tongue, smoothly caressing her soft wrinkly flesh, made it's way slowly up and began to gently caress the rim of her anus, licking it ever so slightly. The sensation making Emily's body jumped as she felt mingled shock, awe, and unending bliss from his gentle caresses. Each little flick of his tongue made her body pulsate with pleasure. She had never expected to feel this sensation, never knew it was possible. 

She then felt the head of Susan's toy firmly pressing deep inside her throat as Susan pushed her head onto it. "Suck it, you dirty little slut!" Susan exclaimed. "It's not just putting it in that matters." Emily began to suck firmly on the cock. The suction thus created pulling at the thong holding it in place. "Much better. I want you to devour my cock. I want you to fuck it with your face. Make me believe that you deserve to please Alex." Susan let go of Emily's head as if she had taught her enough and wanted Emily to explore further on her own. 

Pleased with this thought, Emily began to play with the cock in her mouth, slurping at it as she explored it with her tongue. Her left hand caressed the balls while the fingers of her right hand found their way into Susan's wet pussy. 

"Do you like having your ass licked? Does it make you want to be fucked hard?" asked her Mistress. 

Emily, pulling herself off of Susan's cock, cried, "YES!!! OH GOD YES!" 

Hearing this, Susan grabbed Emily by the arms, throwing her onto the bed. "I'll give you what you want, you horny little slut." She cried, grabbing Emily by the hair and pushing her face into the bed, then grabbing her waist, pulling her firm butt into the air, and forcefully pushing the tip off her strap-on into Emily's still drenched pussy. The firm cool sensation made Emily scream out loud as it pressed deep into her cunt. She could feel Susan's small hands firmly grasped around her hips as Susan threw Emily's pelvis back and forth on the cock. 
