 "I have never been so embarrassed in all my life," Susan uttered.

"Sorry," Charlie said, "It just happened."

"Farting so loud that everybody in the room stops talking just happens?" she mocked.

"I had those burritos," Charlie said, "I've never done that before. Give me a break."

"If it's not one thing it's another with you," Susan said, "Those were important people."

"Oh important, I forgot," he said, "Posturing around people we don't know who have no relevance in what we do. Yes that gets us ahead."

"Those people can get us into the Emerald club," Susan said, "I've been trying to get us in for years."

"In order to pay the $4000 per year dues, yes, very important," Charlie mocked.

"You know what your problem is?" Susan asked.

"This should be good," Charlie said.

"You're boring. You won't take a risk. You won't meet people to make connections," she said.

"Well I was thinking that making those club connections would be a little boring. Once we got in that is. I'm just not use to that posh upscale club stuff," he said.

"Boring," Susan said, "Boring social life, boring sex life."

"Never had complaints in the sack before you," Charlie said, "Perhaps you should examine your own needs, however extreme they may be."

"Oh I know what this is about," Susan said, "I just asked you a simple thing. I told you it was ok if you say no, and that I still love you either way. Let it go Charlie."

"My wife of 12 years wants to spice up our sex lives by involving outsiders," Charlie said, "That's natural?"

"Hey you were getting a bargain," Susan said, "Two for one. Me and my own younger cousin. But I told you that I didn't want to upset you and if you didn't want it was totally ok. But you got all weird about it."

"Weird? Yeah a bit," Charlie said.

"I said it was ok. She was just going through a rough patch and needed some attention. I thought I was creating every guy's fantasy. Sex with two women, one only 18 that had only had sex once. She agreed but asked for one stipulation. What was that do you remember?" Susan said.

"Yeah, so we could teach her things," Charlie said, "Dammit Susan I thought it was a trap or something. Some way to see if I would cheat."

"Really?" Susan asked.

"Yeah of course," Charlie said, "Do you honestly think I would turn that down if I thought it was legit?"

"Well I kind of wondered," Susan said.

"Damn Susan, what guy wouldn't want that thrown at him?" Charlie asked.

"I know, that's why it freaked me out," Susan laughed.

"Does she still want to?" Charlie said.

"Kinda lost your chance," She said, "Boyfriend now."

"Naturally," Charlie said.

"Hey I can make it as tight as a near virgin puss if I want," Susan teased.

"Think that if you want," Charlie grinned.

"Hey!" Susan said as she slapped his arm.

The two argued back and forth often, but always came back to common ground. Charlie couldn't help but have her cousin on his mind the rest of the ride home. It was true she was fantastic and now he felt rather stupid Although Susan was often demanding, and saw herself always wanting better situations, she did have a point about what had happened that night. Charlie should have trusted her more. Being stuck in a situation where no one is the winner, can take its toll on things. It did for them. But that was about to change a little.

"Hey um, didn't you talk to Kate about leaving all the damn lights on?" Susan asked as the pulled into the driveway.

"Yeah twice," Charlie said, "Gotta put a stop to this."

As the two got out of the car and went to the front door of their house they both had become a little irritated. This had not been the first time they had asked their regular sitter to be a little more frugal with the electricity. After using the key, they set their jackets down and took off their shoes in the entry way. Susan yawned as she called out for their eighteen year old babysitter they regularly used to take care of their eight year old child. She didn't answer. Susan hurried into the kitchen with the lights on of course and didn't see her. She started to call out again as she rounded the corner to the family room, but stopped midsentence.

"Oh for chr...Charlie!" Susan stuttered.

"Ah dammit!" Charlie said as he looked down at Kate sprawled out on the floor.

She was not wearing anything and her clothes were nowhere to be found in the room. She was lying on her back on the floor. A bottle of their wine was empty beside her, and the end of a pot joint sat in one of Susan's dinner plates. Clasped in Kate's hand was a rather large rubber appendage. A smaller one was near the bottle of wine. Playing on the TV was a porn movie. In a bit of shock, they both looked down at her nude form. Charlie couldn't help remarking inwardly at her beauty. Her short slender form with medium breasts seemed so innocent while she was unconscious. Her long brown hair was splayed in every direction like a rock star in mid pose. He knew he had to look away or else keep staring and probably get noticed. 

"She better have had her fun. Because when I get done with her, I" Susan started to say about their eighteen year old babysitter.

"How long has this shit been going on," Charlie said into the air.

"Bobby why did you break up with me?" Kate said with a slur as she rolled over, still unconscious.

"Maybe not very long," Susan said, "They just went dancing last weekend."

"She's always been such a nice girl," Charlie said, "I wonder how it could come to this."

"Well, we need to get her in a safe place. I'll call her mom and tell her we need her overnight," Susan said.

"But she's done being our babysitter," Charlie said, "Gonna go check on the kid."

They were both upset for obvious reasons. It didn't need to be said that she had flaked out on a serious responsibility and anything could have happened. But they had a long history with Kate and her family and had been friends for many years. They watched Kate grow up, and actually use to babysit her once upon a time. Charlie looked down at his sleeping daughter, then went back down to catch the last of Susan's call. It seemed as if they could cover this up to avoid embarrassing the family. They would deal with this and maybe even fix it. Charlie was sure that Susan would want to find out why.

"Well her parents are actually still out of town," Susan said as Charlie entered the room.

"Oh I thought they were getting back this morning," Charlie said.

"Something about having to tie up some more things before they left," She said, "How's my girl?"

"Nude, blitzed, and in a lot of trouble," Charlie said.

"I mean ours, dummy," Susan said annoyed.

"Asleep," Charlie said, "Seems like she took care of business before...taking care of business."

"Well," Susan said, "We can put her in the spare room and let her sleep it off. Then talk in the morning."

"Yeah but have you seen her clothes?" Charlie asked.

"No actually," Susan said.

"Well we need to cover her somehow," Charlie said, "I obviously have to carry her and well...rather uncomfortable you know."

"I thought about telling you to go toss her out on the lawn. But you're just going to have to pick her up and deal with it," Susan said, "I'll find a robe and put it by the bed for morning. She can find her own clothes."

"Fine, but you told me to handle her like this," Charlie said as he knelt down to pick up the sleeping babysitter.

Charlie struggled but eventually was able to get to his feet with her in his arms. She moaned a bit once then still asleep put her arm around his neck. Charlie looked over at his wife who had a grin on her face.

"Remember you carrying me like that with nothing on?" Susan said.

"Yeah, but man do times change," He said looking at her form briefly, "When did this become all the rage?"

"You mean shaving?" Susan asked, "Funny huh? Maybe you should try it. Might be hot."

"You first," he smiled as he started for the stairs, "I don't know about having sharp objects near my stuff."

"If you agree I'll do it," Susan grinned as she followed him up the stairs.

"Yeah I don't know. But I know you value it, so you wouldn't personally cut something off," Charlie said.

"Think what you want to," Susan smiled.

"Oh never mind then," Charlie smiled.

"Kidding," she grinned as they reached the spare bedroom, "Here let me pull the blanket back."

Charlie slowly walked into the room with Kate in his arms. Susan had walked past him to pull some blankets back. Charlie struggled to get her onto the bed and ended up almost falling onto her when he did. Much of his weight rested on the sleeping babysitter for a few seconds.

"Getting fresh huh?" Susan asked as pulled up the covers, "At least wait til she's awake."

"Funny," Charlie said as he put the light on in the corner.

"I was thinking," Susan said, "I didn't smell any pot. I think she probably went outside for that."

"Some common sense then, maybe out in the backyard," Charlie said.

"Yeah you're probably right," Susan said as went in to check on their daughter, "Going to bed in a sec."

"Ok, I think I'll take a look around outside a bit," Charlie said, "Maybe she lost her clothes out on the deck or something. High and showing off to passing aliens in the night perhaps hoping for some sort of probing encounter."

"You really have an imagination," Susan smiled.

"Before the baby, remember we use to," Charlie started.

"Yes I remember, somewhat. K, don't stay out too late," Susan said, "We probably have to deal with this crap first thing."

Before Charlie went outside he went in to the bedroom and took off his dress shirt and pants. He hated wearing them and wanted out. He tossed them over a chair, and went out into the hallway. He preferred walking around in the summer time with just shorts or boxers. But he wanted out of the monkey suit he was wearing.

"Showing off for the ex-babysitter?" Susan smiled as she passed him.

"Well if I was doing that I would have come out here with nothing," Charlie said.

"You dress how you wanna...big boy," Susan smiled.

Charlie in his direct humor reached down and pulled off his boxers. He grinned heavily as he looked over at his wife with his hands spread out wide. She smiled at him thinking that every once and a while he surprised her.

"Here," he said as he tossed them at her.

"Hey now I was kidding," Susan said, "What about Kate?"

"She's so blitzed she won't wake til morning," Charlie said, "Probably a good thing for her."

"Why, would you smack her with that thing?" Susan grinned.

"No, she's in trouble, and that would be a reward," he grinned.

"You know you like to do that don't you," Susan said.

"What?" Charlie said as he went for the stairs.

"Make yourself hot so I want to spread 'em for you," Susan said.

"Well spread them then," Charlie said.

"I'm a little tired, but just come in and hit the mark and I'll be ready," Susan said.

"Maybe, we'll see," Charlie said as he went downstairs.

"Ass," Susan said.

"Sorry not in the mood to go down that street tonight," Charlie said as he descended the stairs, smiling as he felt his boxer hit the back of his head after being thrown at him by Susan.

Charlie entered the family room or as he thought it should be known as now, 'a porn movie set'. He started turning off some lights and began to reminisce at the same time. With Susan, he would occasionally be nude in the house when their child was asleep. It wasn't often anymore because of the baby crawling around. So he missed it a little. They would have some amazing play time and had their turn with a few mind altering substances at the same time. But those times were mostly over. He started to miss them a little. 

Walking through the family room he stopped a moment, and picked up the pot stub and plate. In the kitchen he dumped it in the garbage disposal and ran it. Rinsing off the plate he set it in the sink. Letting out a sharp yawn, he walked over to the sliding door that led to the backyard and flipped the light on. It was very private and they would often come out and play on a hot summer night. It was another fond memory of primal bliss under the stars. Opening the door he stepped out on the porch and looked around. He did not immediately see her clothes. But after gazing around a bit, he saw them strewn everywhere on the back lawn. Frowning heavily, he went out to retrieve them. Gathering them up he headed back to the house slowly. There was a light scent of perfume on at least one of the items. Fumbling around a bit, he sniffed the shirt. A light flowery scent touched his nose. He closed his eyes a bit because of the pleasant smell. Slowly an image edged into his mind. He imagined Kate's nude form with her long brown hair, and medium breasts. But soon his thoughts centered on her fantastic shave job. He had heard of the practice before but the idea was new to him. He was curious, and even though he had balked at the idea before, it now seemed interesting to him. 

With the image still in his head, he went back in the house. Turning off the lights and locking up he went through the family room again. With recent thoughts, he was ready for him wife. After all of the excitement he wanted her. But he would probably ask her to go outside or downstairs to avoid waking people up. So he figured he would go upstairs, and drag Susan out of bed and take her somewhere for a good few hours. After many years of experience, he knew that when she became forward, making comments like she did earlier, then she wanted it a little rough. He quickly used the downstairs shower in order to be ready. Curiosity was still in his mind and he tried to give himself a new look with a cordless trimmer in the downstairs bathroom. After shaving some, he got a little timid about cutting something off and stopped. He would talk to Susan about touching it up later. 

Upon finishing, he entered the family room again still nude. With experience, he knew this is how Susan always liked to be approached when she is in this mood. Picking up Kate's toys on the floor and setting them together with her clothes he carried them upstairs. For a moment, he imagined how she might use them. Could it feel better without hair for some reason or was it done for the other person? Knowing that Kate would be out cold, he entered her room even though he was nude. Placing the clothes and the toys on the night stand, he left. Peering through the doorway he looked at his wife's sleeping form. It seemed she was too tired to wait for him. He was really in the mood but he didn't want to disturb her. 

As he started to enter the room to dress and go to sleep, he heard a noise like a moan from the spare room, and some rustling around. Knowing he should go and check, he did so. Entering the spare room he saw that Kate had rolled over onto her chest and the blankets were off of her. Perhaps she preferred it that way. Walking around to the other side of the bed to cover her back up again, he looked down at her sleeping form. The light from the corner shined on her skin. As he rounded the bed, her leg moved upward and suddenly he found himself in front of an unobstructed view of her vagina from behind. Shaved all around he noticed, and stood a moment staring. He couldn't help himself.

"Beautiful", he whispered.

Charlie thought he would definitely have to give this whole shaving business another thought. He gazed at her and even went down on his knees at the foot of the bed to look. He felt as if his heart would skip a beat. He remarked inwardly that he knew he was a complete pig right now but couldn't help it. As he stared he started to think how tight she must be. He knows she has probably had some experiences but by the way she looked it was not a lot. He smirked a bit as he realized that if he were a complete pig he would start drooling. 

The reaction to this risky activity was a slight level of flow to his own parts. He was getting aroused. He couldn't help admiring this girl he had known for so many years. She is no longer the girl that use to come by in a bunny suit for trick or treat. She's all woman now, and of course with some issues. His curiosity had peaked at a level he had never felt before. Charlie had become fully erect in his close quarters daydreaming.

Slowly he crept over to the bed to perhaps get a closer view even though he knew he was walking on dangerous ground. Carefully he put his hands onto the bed behind her a bit until his gaze now just a foot away excited him. The light shined on her still as he was just out of its path. He gazed on and caught a scent of her perfume. His eyes closed a moment as he imagined her waking and not being alarmed at all. He thought of her telling him, 'Well well. Like what you see? Then why don't you do more than just look'. Of course he knew his own relationship would not permit it and he would not betray his wife in that way. But he thought about it, since being so blitzed she might not even notice. Then he smiled a moment, and examined his own words. He began to wonder if she would notice if he just touched her, just once.

Charlie couldn't stand it anymore. He was fully erect and he knew why. Being this close had its natural reactions. He let his hand move a bit. He slowly moved it forward, brushing the skin of her leg. She didn't move. His new interest in this art of shaving had its immediate drawback. The intense and dangerous curiosity fired him up. He wanted to know what it felt like. Lifting his hand, he slowly moved it over to her. With just one finger he touched the skin around her vagina. Remarking inwardly, he was amazed at how smooth her skin was. Feeling his own desired enraged, he became so enamored. Lightly feeling her soft young skin around her opening, he didn't realize that in his curiosity, he had touched all around it. He didn't even think about it until his finger moved straight down the middle onto her clitoris, where he lingered a moment. Suddenly his heart raced as she moved just slightly. Her leg extended even further apart and she let out a soft moan. His eyes grew wide as he knew even in her state she seemed to enjoy that. Letting his finger explore a bit, he rubbed it up and down. Her legs had spread enough to where his finger could easily graze along another opening. Slowly, he let his finger drift downward, listening to her soft sounds.

"Oh wow," he whispered as he reached her vagina again.

Charlie couldn't believe what he was feeling. Kate was moist to the touch. She had become aroused even in her stupor. He felt the wetness on his finger, and gathered some of it up. When the wetness touched her clitoris, her hips moved a bit.

"Oh baby," she whispered.

Charlie didn't say a word. With his nervousness of getting caught by either of two women grew, for some reason it was not enough to stop him. Slowly his fingers moved along her wetness. Kate moaned softly.

"Oh," Kate moaned, "Eat my pussy."

Charlie couldn't believe what he was hearing. But she repeated it almost the same way. He could tell by her speech and the way she was laying that she was not really aware. His fingers danced along her skin, and he knew what he wanted. He would go in there and do as she asked. He hoped that she would not be too noisy. But he wanted it. He wanted the sweet taste on his lips just for a quick moment. Then he would leave and perhaps wake his wife up.

"Find something interesting?" Susan said completely nude from the doorway.

"Oh my g...I'm sorry," Charlie whispered, "Baby I'm sorry. I wasn't really going to but just curious, the shave and all."

"Well Charlie you just couldn't resist a young tight naked body, dead to the world," Susan whispered.

"I'm so sorry," Charlie said as he stood.

"Oh now that's useful," Susan said as she pointed to his erection.

"Sue, I'm," he started.
