 Author's note: Please bear in mind that this is a work of fiction, and, more important, fantasy. (In other words, "Kids, don't try this at home!" But if you must, then do keep it safe, sane, and above all, consensual.) 

Chapter 3: Still Going Strong 

I headed off in search of a drink, and found Oksana still getting her holes stuffed by the kitchen crowd. They were going three at a time in her, but regardless of the hole they'd been fucking, each guy emptied himself into her ass. "Jeez," I said to Dev, who had just finished with her, "What's she up to? Fifteen? How many more can she take?" 

"Well, we had to start emptying her out every five or six times, so we started keeping track," he said, indicating a dry-erase board sitting next to an oversized margarita glass that was about half full. "Looks like she's got—what is that, eighteen? Well, two of those are mine." He addressed the crowd. "Okay, let's get her to twenty." He grinned at me. "Gonna flush her right out," he said. "Got a kit under the sink. Hook it to the faucet, slide it in, and whoosh! So squeaky clean you can lap champagne out of it." He winked. 

I stared. "You're not—" 

"Sure am," he said. "Got a bunch of bottles of some fizzy shit. Shake it up, let it go in her ass. Saw it in some video, always wanted to try it." He punched my arm lightly. "Then you can slurp it right out of her." 

Despite my fatigue, I felt my cock twitch. 

A cheer behind us told us that the last two guys had finished filling Oksana with their loads. Quickly the little blonde was picked up and carried to the island, where she was positioned carefully with her buttocks on the edge of the sink. Only when her legs were pulled back, exposing her reddened and raw pucker did Dev give the okay for her to let go, allowing the sticky semen to drip into the glass. 

She wouldn't drink it, but did agree to pose with it, dipping her tongue into the mix while everyone cheered and snapped pics. Resuming her spot at the sink, she pulled her legs back again so Dev could slide the wand—stainless steel, shaped like a longish butt plug, but with several holes at the top for the water—into her. 

He filled her ass several times and had her squirt it out into the sink, then had Craig, the guy I'd come to the house with, hop up on the island to join her, laying back on his elbows. "Get on his cock, baby," he instructed her. When she was seated to their satisfaction, he had Craig spread her ass cheeks wide. "Okay, fill 'er up again. See how she likes it with a dick in her, too." 

Eagerly I thrust the wand into her, and turned the water on as hard as I dared. "Fuck, yes," she moaned. I was surprised at how well she was able to hold in the water, but when Dev had one of the other guys reach between them to massage her clit with a vibrator, she gasped and let go, sending the water spurting out of her. 

When she'd had enough, Dev hopped off the counter and brought a couple of bottles over to the island, so we laid Oksana on the floor on a couple of towels. She was incredibly flexible, so we threw her legs over her shoulders in a piledriver position, leaving her holes wide open. 

"Ready?" Dev asked. That went without saying, so when he handed me one of the bottles I was more than happy to carefully uncap it, shake it up, and plunge the neck into Oksana's waiting ass. I can only imagine how it felt, frothing and fizzing inside her, but she seemed to enjoy it, so much so that Dev emptied another two bottles into her. 

Most of it ended up squirting out, so Dev had a couple of the guys use their fingers to stretch her open so he could pour the contents of another bottle into her. "Mmm, you delicious little whore," I said to her after taking my first taste. "We're gonna lick all of that out of you, so no squirming around." It didn't take long for us, guys and girls, to empty it all out of her, and soon some of the girls began pouring the champagne onto and into her pussy, lapping at both her holes. 

After another quick rinse with the enema wand ("Don't want my favorite whore getting alcohol poisoning!"), Dev scooped her up and carried her into the center of the living room where he put her back into a piledriver on the floor. He disappeared for a few seconds, then reappeared holding a sleek, shiny black baseball bat and a jar of some thick, almost pastelike lube, which he quickly used to coat the bat. 

Some of the girls were still tonguing her pussy and ass, so Dev shooed them away and smeared the leftover lube from his fingers onto Oksana's anus, his fingers slipping into her easily. "That's right, baby," he said as he pressed the head of the bat past the ring of her sphincter, "told you we were gonna destroy your ass tonight...gonna shove this in so fuckin' deep...show all these nice people what a bottomless little whore you really are..." 

Once he'd worked it in a few inches, he began working it in circles, stretching her out even further. Her moans escalated to near-screams when he invited a couple of the girls to lick at her clit while he pulled the bat out and plunged it back in, each time managing to get it a bit deeper. 

When he'd gotten in about five inches, I realized that I was, once again, rock hard. And I desperately wanted to fuck Oksana's pussy while Dev reamed her backdoor with the bat. "Think she can take some cock while that's in her?" I asked. 

Dev shrugged. "Can't hurt to try, right baby?" he grinned at Oksana. She was too lost in whatever she was feeling to answer, so I quickly rammed myself into her open cunt before she could object, reveling in the tightness created by her stuffed ass. 

She did cry out then, but when the girls resumed their work on her clit, her cries became a nonstop litany of curses and pleas for more. It was crowded with the four of us going at her, but we managed to get her off at least twice. One of the girls grabbed a hitachi wand, then, pressing it to Oksana's clit while she was still in the throes of her last orgasm. 

She went wild, writhing and yelling in Czech. Behind me, Dev had increased his pace, so I sped up too, feeling the intense vibrations from the hitachi against my shaft as I hammered her cunt. I was banging into her cervix with each stroke, but she didn't seem to care, so I kept at it, feeling the hot coil of pleasure wind tighter with every stroke. My thighs ached from the exertion, but I couldn't stop, couldn't fuck her hard enough or fast enough or deep enough. 

Then, with a roar that was almost inhuman, Oksana bucked with the force of the orgasm ripping through her, so much so that she pushed both me and the bat out of her as she collapsed into a fetal position, her body twitching and shuddering with ecstasy. I was on the verge of my own climax, so I dropped to my knees where she had half-rolled onto her back and let go into her open mouth, to the cheers of our impromptu audience. 

I found an unoccupied chair, then, while Dev carried an exhausted Oksana off to a quiet room to recuperate. I thought about her response to the hitachi, and how she might react to several of them working on—and in—her: one filling her pussy, one stretching her ass, one vibrating against her clit...even in my worn out state, imagining her sweet little body wracked with an unending string of orgasms made me twitch, however limply. Nevertheless, my brain and my body soon succumbed to an even stronger biological imperative, and I slept.