 Julissa gave the small clock a quick glance. The hour was growing late and she still wasn't quite ready yet. She turned back to the mirror, puckering her full lips and applying a generous coating of cherry red lipstick. It contrasted sharply with the pale powder she had applied to her cheeks, and she smiled at the effect. Her wavy tresses were already in place, and the highlights she had so recently applied were brilliant. Finally finished in the bathroom, she hurried out to her closet to complete her ensemble. She already had most of it together, starting off with a sheer black top over one of her favorite bras. 

While it enhanced her figure, she knew that if all went well, by night's end, no one would notice or care. Julissa has selected a tight black mini as well, and although it wasn't her shortest skirt, the straps of a garter peeked out from below. Seamed thigh high stockings completed her outfit, and she searched her closet for a pair of spike heeled shoes to top it all off. Once she found them, she slipped them on and took a long look in her full length mirror. Her trim physique took to the outrageously sexy outfit well. Not bad, not bad at all, she thought as she gave herself a once-over. Under the right circumstances, someone might mistake her for a particularly sought after prostitute, and that suited her needs well. She picked up her purse and tottered out the door, gleefully anticipating the night yet to come.

Julissa knew this evening's destination well, and thoughts of what were bringing her there occupied her mind as she drove down the street. It had only been a few days ago that one of her girlfriends came to her with the news that her fiancee's bachelor party was going to be a wild affair. That was no surprise to Julissa, in fact she herself had insisted that the stag party not be the night before her wedding. After all, she didn't need to deal with a hung over groom and ushers. Besides, she wanted to hear about how wild it was before having her own final fling, and she had already vowed that she'd gladly match any debauchery her Nate could come up with. He knew this and had agreed to it, yet one of her friends had discovered that his brother was attempting to obtain the services of a young lady for the evening, and it wasn't going to be just for her dancing skills. At first, Julissa had been royally steamed, but after confirming that the guys weren't able to score a call girl for the night, she set her own plan into action. There still existed the possibility that the guys might be able to arrange for a hooker, but she tended to doubt it. No matter how depraved they might be, stooping to pick up a girl from the gutter was beneath even them. A high class escort on the other hand, was not out of the real of possibility, and it crossed the line as far as what she would allow. Letting Nate and the guys enjoy one last drunken party and ogle a stripper or two was one thing, planning on getting sucked or fucked was something else entirely. Julissa smiled as she imagined their faces when she came walking through that door. Nate was going to pay!

When she arrived, it looked like she was just in time. Several guys who she knew were friends of Nate were leaving, but there were also several cars she recognized still parked out front. Julissa circled the block, finding a discreet place to park, and checked her make up in the mirror one last time. Satisfied with her appearance, she collected her purse and started towards the house. By this time, a few more guys were leaving, and one or two of them cast glances in her direction, but that was all. Julissa reached the driveway just as a frazzled looking young lady and her escort were leaving. They were dressed similarly, although the other girl's outfit was a bit simpler. She smiled as she greeted Julissa as they met in the darkened driveway. "Hey, sister, how's it going?"

"Oh, not too bad," smiled Julissa. "How was it in there?" she gestured towards the house.

The other girl laughed. "In there? They're animals! Those guys were all over me," she paused and looked over Julissa's outfit. "I was wondering if they'd be having someone like you come around, they sure could use it." Another laugh. "But I guess they're all warmed up for you sweetie, good luck!"

The two women parted, but as the stripper noticed her escort was out of earshot, she darted back to Julissa. "Tell you what, if it wasn't for that big lug," she gestured towards her escort, "I don't think I'd mind doing what you're doing. Lotsa money to be made that way. Are you with an agency?" Julissa shook her head. "Well, we oughta hook up for something like this sometime. Freelance." A knowing wink. Julissa simply smiled back, and went on her way.

A last couple of guys were leaving as she strode up to the door, and their eyes were all over her as they watched her enter. One of them toyed with the idea of going back in for some more, but his companions steered him to a waiting car. All eyes were on her as she closed the door behind her. Her fiancee was there, talking to his brother, and Julissa recognized a couple of guys she knew pretty well in attendance. There were two more guys discussing something in the corner, but that conversation was forgotten as they beheld the sight of her as she entered the room. A smoky haze floated near the ceiling, and the reek of beer was omnipresent. To Julissa, it was quite obvious that a lot of heavy partying had gone on, and she had nearly missed out. She walked over to where Nate and Al were talking, and interposed herself between the two. "Have you guys been behaving?" she asked pointedly. She continued before they could answer. "I saw the whore you guys had in here, was she any good?"

Nate tried to slip an arm around his fiancee, but she deftly avoided him. "Baby, you know we were partying, but it wasn't like that at all," he began explaining.

"Julissa, he's right, we didn't do a thing," chimed in Al.

Julissa noticed they were staring at her exposed cleavage while they spoke, which suited her just fine. "I don't know guys, doesn't look all that innocent in here." She whirled her head around, scanning the room, nodding to Eddie and Sam when she noticed their interested stares. Those weren't the only ones she was getting, but her acquaintance with the other guys, Jack and Rudy was much more casual. Julissa smiled as she coyly traced a finger along a countertop. "I think it looks like you guys were partying pretty hard." That drew several sheepish nods, but then Nate spoke up.

"Hey, wait a minute. Let's look at you for instance." He pointed a finger. "Look at the way you're dressed, have you been out partying too?"

She cracked a thin smile. "No, not yet," she purred as she made her way to the stereo. They all watched her go. With a flick of a button, one of her favorite dance tunes came on. "But it looks like this place could use a little livening up, right?" The guys all nodded. Julissa started a slow, seductive dance as she made her way back to Nate. "But just to make things interesting, I think I want you to sit here." She gestured to a chair, and her fiancee obligingly sat down in it. Even as her body moved in time to the music, Julissa sat on his lap, reaching her hands around him. Nate brought his hands behind his back with hers, nuzzling her cleavage as she pressed against him. He was so preoccupied, he didn't notice her hands wandering down into her purse, until he felt her snap steel handcuffs around his wrists. The way he was seated, and the way she cuffed him left his arms entangled in the chair and unable to free himself. His friends all laughed when they saw his predicament, and Julissa did too, stripping off her top and whirling it around as they all gathered close by. Julissa's sexy body swayed in time to the music and the cheers she was getting from the guys. Even Nate joined in, although his range of motion was extremely limited. As she wiggled her butt seductively before them, she slowly undid her skirt, until only her hands were holding it in place. The guys were begging her to let go, and she did, kicking it off in Eddie's general direction. Hoots and catcalls filled the room as they beheld the sight of her clad only in her sexy lingerie, but Julissa was far from finished. Her attention was focused on Nate now, but everyone else had a clear line of sight to her as her impromptu dance number continued.

For a few moments, Julissa did a wonderfully sexy bump and grind in front of him. Every time Nate struggled to reach out to her, but he was still bound. Whenever he struggled, she coyly drew away, laughing all the while. The other guys managed to paw at her a bit, and Julissa did nothing to stave off their advances. In fact, she whirled closer to them for a little, teasing them mercilessly as she drew away and turned her attention back to Nate. This time, as she approached him, Julissa tugged her bra up and over her breasts, giving him an unobstructed view. Ever the tease, Julissa waved them in his face, then pulled away when he lunged forward with his mouth agape. She kept her bare nipples tantalizingly out of reach of Nate's tongue as she pursed her lips and blew kisses to him. Sensing that the guys wanted to see more, Julissa casually asked if the girl they had in there before her went so far as touching them, or letting them touch her. She knew the answer she was going to get, of course, and with a coy glance towards Nate, announced that she was going to do her little show a tad differently.

This left them all puzzled, but just for a moment. Julissa took the opportunity to slowly back away from Nate, and as soon as his eyes rose to meet her, she pounced. No one expected her to move so quick, and they all nearly missed it. In fact, Julissa nearly stumbled in those spiky heels she was wearing, but in the end, it didn't matter. She landed right on Nate's lap, just as she intended, pressing her surprised fiancee's face into her breasts. He wasted no time in getting his mouth and tongue all over her and he greedily sucked on her beautiful breasts. This got a rise out of the other guys as they closed around to see better, and that was exactly what Julissa wanted. She arched her back, thrusting her breasts harder against Nate's mouth, and scanning the other guys in the process. One of them seemed to be just close enough, and as luck would have it, he had pulled his chair in closer too to enjoy the little show she was putting on. Little did he know that Julissa intended to make him a part of it, and soon. For the moment, she was enjoying the familiar feel of Nate's mouth all over her breasts, and the desired effect it was having. Sure, it was getting Julissa all hot and wet, and she had a strong feeling that it was getting all of these guys rock hard as well. She knew Nate was, for as she rubbed her crotch against him she could feel his cock hardening, and the same would almost have to be certain for the other guys as well. A quick look down at the expression on Nate's face told Julissa that he was indeed getting turned on by all this, and she had a sneaky feeling that he wouldn't mind more, or the other guys watching her. She hoped he wouldn't mind anything else that might happen either.

Julissa took another look at Jack, who was definitely enjoying the show, and things started to fall into place. Nate disengaged himself from her breasts momentarily, and she took advantage of it to back away from him again. This time, Julissa made sure her ass was pointed directly at Jack as she slipped down to her knees before Nate. The guys all crowded in closer, anticipating their show getting even hotter, and Julissa didn't disappoint. She moved her head down into Nate's lap, making a great show of undoing his pants in front of everyone else. Somehow, she managed to sway her ass in time with the music, much to Jack's delight as her panties had ridden nearly all the way up on her. Julissa could feel this, and it suited her as she smiled and looked Nate in the eye as she reached in for him. For a brief instant, her fingers caressed the hard shaft of his cock and she licked her lips in anticipation. Slowly, Julissa lowered her head so that he could feel her breath on his cock, and Nate's entire body stiffened in anticipation. His eyes closed as he waited to feel her hot mouth devouring his cock, and the idea that all his closest friends would be there to watch lent an additional thrill to it all. Nate waited, and he waited. Puzzled that Julissa was taking so long, he opened his eyes to see something utterly amazing.

Much to Nate's surprise, she had her mouth wrapped around a hot cock all right, but it wasn't his. As things turned out, as soon as he had closed his eyes, Julissa made a beeline for the nearest of the guys watching. Much to Jack's delight, the honor had fallen on him. With a practiced stroke, Julissa had started out by shaking her breasts in his face while her hands went to work much lower on him. He was so preoccupied with her lovely tits being offered to him that he concentrated all of his attention on sucking them as Julissa undid his zipper. His cock shot out of his pants like a rocket, hard and stiff in Julissa's skilled hands. She gave Jack a few long strokes as she nuzzled his face into her breasts, then lowered herself towards him. All the other guys were loving it when she expertly squeezed her tits around the shaft of his cock. Jack could feel those two soft mounds pressing against him as she stoked his cock between them. The wild cheers of the guys grew louder and louder as she teased her tongue out at the swollen head of Jack's dick, coming tantalizingly closer and closer each time. He eagerly thrust his hips forward, wanting to feel Julissa's hot mouth on him. As his cock plowed through her cleavage and touched her lips, she parted them. The guys let out a collective gasp as they watched their friend's fiancé going down on another man. This was no mere playful touch, she had made the change from a titty fucking to an all out blow job. Jack didn't seem to mind as he leaned his head back, enjoying the sensation of Julissa's mouth sucking him in. Her hand was stroking his cock into her mouth while she sucked, eyes open and locked on Jack's. Julissa knew that Nate must be getting an eyeful of her nearly naked ass while she wiggled it in his face, and she was glad he wasn't protesting a thing. In fact, she heard him goading her on, encouraging her to suck Jack off, and she smiled, then proceeded. Jack's shaft was slick as she stroked him, plunging her mouth all the way down until she reached his balls. Through it all she purred, sort of like a cat getting stroked, even though it was she who was doing the stroking! Of course, the vibration it caused in her mouth drove Jack absolutely wild as Julissa continued to suck.

This was her intention, for while she truly enjoyed the feeling of his cock in her mouth, there was just so much more Julissa had planned. Her hand flew over the shaft of his cock, knowing full well that all the guys were watching intently. She kept her open mouth above Jack's cock, reaching out to tease him with her tongue while she tried to finish him off quick. That certainly didn't seem to matter all that much to Jack, but he did manage to push her head slightly lower right before he came. Julissa hadn't quite gotten her mouth around Jack's cock again when he came. She was just about to when the first spurt of his cum shot out of him. It splashed onto her waiting tongue, then dribbled out of her mouth before she could swallow. Moving fast, Julissa tried to get her mouth around Jack's cock for the rest, but she wasn't quite fast enough and he spewed his load all over her lovely face. This didn't stop Julissa, and she finished off the blow job by going down on Jack one last time, sucking in as much of his cum as she could before smiling to her admiring audience.

They were certainly appreciative of the show she had just put on, most of all Jack, and somehow they knew that she was just getting started. Julissa gave Jack's cock a lingering suck, then kissed the tip as she pulled it from her mouth.. A thin streak of his cum strayed across her chin, but she didn't seem to mind. Neither did Eddie as Julissa sashayed her way over to his chair. A devilish look was in her eyes as she straddled him where he sat and reached down between his legs. This was not uncharted territory for either of them, for they had shared a brief but torrent affair a few years back. It had been some time since they'd last been together, however they managed to get down to business right away. Eddie had made no secret of his lust for Julissa's perfectly formed tits, and he wasted no time in burying his face between them. For her part, Julissa's hands quickly freed the throbbing cock she knew was waiting for her, and it didn't take her any time at all to know Eddie was ready for her. A few short strokes of his cock was all she needed to get him to concentrate his attention on her pert nipples, and then Julissa was able to take a hand away from his cock. Much to the delight of the others, she snaked her hand between her legs to find the soaked material of her panties wedged tightly in her crotch. She massaged her pussy through her panties, paying special attention to her clit while Eddie busied himself with her breasts. He was squeezing them in his hands now as well, and he tried in vain to tighten his grip on them to keep Julissa pressing them against his face. Instead, she slowly backed away, wiggling her ass in the process and lowering her mouth onto his cock. Eddie groaned as he felt her mouth wrapped around his cock, and he shuddered as she sucked him hard, just as he had always enjoyed it.

His cock was thicker than most, and Julissa had always enjoyed the feel of it as it slid between her luscious lips. One of Julissa's hands stroked his cock into her mouth, with the other she was furiously rubbing her cunt until she could stand it no more. In a swift motion, Julissa tugged her panties away, exposing her gorgeous ass and soaking wet pussy for all to see. This was accompanied by a gleeful cheer from all of the guys, who'd been dying to see all of her the entire evening. What a sight she was there, clad only in a garter and stockings, on her hands and knees with Eddie's cock in her mouth and her fingers dipping deep inside her own pussy. She finger fucked herself while sucking Eddie only for a short while, for while it felt so good to have a cock in her mouth and her fingers inside her pussy, Julissa wanted more. Carefully, she eased her fingers out of her dripping pussy as she sucked up on Eddie's shaft. Gently, she eased her mouth off of him and moved into his lap, pushing her tits in his face again. Eddie was quite eager to continue sucking her tits, and he nearly didn't notice as Julissa eased her body down on him, impaling her waiting pussy on his cock.

It was impossible not to notice, of course, and Eddie felt the hot, wet pussy he wanted so badly inching its way down on his cock. He stopped sucking her tits for a moment, just savoring the feeling of her cunt taking him, and he thrust his cock upward to meet her. Julissa pressed her body down on him, forcing Eddie back into his seat as she slowly began to ride him, pulling him tightly into her tits. Julissa rode him expertly, nearly pulling herself off of his cock each time she rose up, then slamming herself down onto him again, forcing his cock in deep. The feeling of his shaft inside her cunt once again was incredible, and Julissa couldn't help but moan. Eddie hadn't lost his touch for sucking her tits, and the fact that they had an audience this time simply added to the experience. A quick look around the room told her that they were all turned on by this, even Nate was sporting an obvious bulge in his pants from watching her taking them on one by one. Another one of the guys, Rudy, was surreptitiously stroking his cock in his pants while watching the show being put on in front of him. If any of the other guys noticed that, they certainly didn't seem to mind, and Julissa made a mental note to try and take care of him next. For now, she was content to ride Eddie's hard pole, feeling him taking her as deep as he could. Ordinarily, Julissa would have slowed her pace down a bit to savor the moment, but there was just so much more she wanted to do. Her fingers had found their way to her clit and she was rubbing herself furiously as she bucked up and down in Eddie's lap. He was supporting her back with his hands now, although he somehow did manage to keep his mouth on her tits while they fucked. The ongoing hoots of the guys as they watched the two of them fucking gave way to Julissa's own cries as the combination of her own fingers and Eddie's cock drove her wild. She came on his cock hard, bending her head down over his shoulder as she screamed out in sheer delight before ramming him inside her once again. Her pussy was so very wet with her own juices now, and she pounded on Eddie fast and furious, screaming for him to cum all the while. Cum he did, for his former lover's hot pussy was too much for him to take, and with a low gasp he shot his sticky load into her waiting cunt. Globs of his cum spurted out, filling her pussy and coating the shaft of his cock as she slid down on him and Eddie pulled down on her shoulders, forcing her all the way onto his cock. He could feel his balls constricting tight as they pumped out his cum, and it was with a bit of disappointment that he felt her slowly pulling herself away from him. Slick pussy juices mixed with his own cum on his cock, and they tasted so good as Julissa gave his softening cock one last long suck to clean him off. She drew her fingers across her snatch one time as well, dipping one inside to get herself one more taste of Eddie's cum before she turned to face the rest of the guys.
