 This story is part three in the series Poker Party Gangbang and Super Bowl Party Gangbang

*

Michael and I continued to date for the next couple of years. He was a truck driver and I was just about to graduate from college with my fashion design degree. It didn't matter he was a husky, wavy haired man who was almost 40 and I was a 24 year old dark blonde girl who was 5'6 and weighed 120 pounds because we formed a great connection. It didn't matter he would be gone for several days at a time delivering a haul to another state and I stayed back at our apartment because we formed a great bond. It didn't matter that he loved for me to have sex with other people in front of him or while he was gone because we loved each other.

When Michael was on the road, I would get to be a regular college girl by hanging out with my friends, attending parties and going on dates with cute college guys. Even when some of those dates ended with a hot steamy fuck session, my heart belonged to him. He would return from one of his trips and he would first take a hot shower so that I could suck his cock and swallow his huge backed up load before we would have sex all day, sometimes the same day as one of my lovers.

He had hinted that he had gotten me a ring so I knew it was getting close. One day after he had an eight day haul to Oregon and back, Michael had actually gotten home a couple of hours before he was supposed to arrive. It was around 10 pm and I had just gotten back to our place for a nightcap after a date with a gorgeous black athlete who was on the track team. Edward was 6'4 and a lean muscular 210 pounds. He was a bit flashy with his diamond earrings and several necklaces but that didn't curb my appetite for his huge cock.

Edward and I were in Michael and I's bed going at it pretty good. While on my back, he was feeding me that 10 inch dong like he was drilling for oil inside my pussy. By my ankles, he was holding my legs up in the air and I swear every inch was disappearing to the balls with every thrust! I was in a semi-conscious euphoric state and on about my fifth orgasm when Michael opened the door. Edward was horrified and stopped pumping.

He was frozen with his black dick buried inside me, when Michael spoke in his matter-of-fact tone, "I'm home a little early baby. I didn't know you had company. Missed you and when you're done, I have something to ask you."

I was panting, "Hi sweetie. I missed you too. It will be a little bit longer. Oh my God, I am loving this huge cock! Go ahead and take a shower unless you want to stick around and watch."

"I will take a shower and come back if you are still going and watch some," he responded.

I blew him an air kiss, "Ok, sweetie. I will be here."

The door closed and Edward asked, "Is that your boyfriend? He don't care that I'm fuckin you? For real?"

I tapped Edward's muscular ass to signal him, "He is fine with it. Come on, don't keep me waiting. Gimme some more of that amazing dick."

He picked up where he left off and moved his hips back and forth while sitting on his own crossed feet up under himself. My stretched wet pussy had become acclimated to that size and his dark black cock was slathered in my lady cum. My sensitive labia and clit were swollen but not ready to stop. I could see in the dresser mirror, his smooth ass contract with every forceful stab.

Edward pushed forward so that my bare feet were just overtop my face allowing him to pound me. Oh God the feeling was amazing and I seized up with the most powerful orgasm of the evening! I squirted on myself while pushing back against him with straight locked legs. After I stopped gurgling with pleasure, he flipped me over on my knees and shoved his long black snake in me doggie style. The bed was rocking and banging against the wall.

"Oh my God! Fuck me Edward! Give it to me!" I cried out.

Just as Michael walked back into the room with a towel around his waist and wet hair, Edward bellowed, "Take that shit! Whose pussy it this? Whose is it?"

I screamed, "It's your pussy! Fuck your pussy! Get some!"

Edward continued his pace while warning my boyfriend, "Fuck Bro, I'm gonna nut up in this! Fuck!"

Michael had dropped his towel and was sitting on the chair in the corner, stroking his hard seven inches. He loved jerking off while watching me fuck and he was getting a complete high definition show. I was swaying my ass backwards to meet up with Edward's thrusts.

Looking at Michael masturbate, I huffed, "I swear to God, I can feel this cock in my throat! I'm gonna cum again!"

Just then, Michael started shooting his cum up against his own chin and all over his chest. Seeing him orgasm in a matter of seconds from watching me be pleasured ignited my next orgasm and I began to scream with my head down, "Ohhhhhh! Ohhhhh! I'm cuuuuummmin! Ohhhhhh! Ughhhhhhhhh!"

The chain reaction continued when Edward grunted, "I'm fuckin bustin! Yeahhhhh! Augghh! Aughhhhh! Yeah, take my nut!" When his huge dong had stopped spurting, he growled, "God damn! I need that! Whewww!"

He slowly pulled out and his hefty meat slung downward while cum dripped onto our bed, "You two are wild! I must be trippin to be involved in this but damn that pussy was the shit."

I had never seen someone get dressed so quickly but it looked like Edward was trying to flee a fire. When he left, Michael smiled with his own semen all over himself, "Damn girl, I missed you."

His cock was hard again while I admired it and agreed, "It sure looks like it. Glad you made it home safely. You wanted to ask me something?"

Just as I was about to get up, a large amount of Edward's cum was oozing out of my abused vagina causing me to put my hand down to prevent the sperm from making a mess all over our sheets. With my hand between my legs, I stood in front of Michael. He left the room then returned before getting on one knee and proposed while opening the ring box. The ring was gorgeous and he held it up and I stuck my hand out so he could slide it on my finger as I accepted.

Not thinking, it was the same hand I had used to hold in Edward's seed and when the ring went on my finger, it was covered in the thick goo. It might have been the first time in history a man had proposed to his girlfriend with his own cum all over his front and her black lover's semen running out of her pussy and all over the engagement ring.

We hugged after the great news while not wanting to disturb our ritual for when he returns from a several day trip, I whispered in his ear, "I'm so happy. Let's celebrate by making love."

I knew since Michael had just orgasmed, he would have great stamina. We were both excited and I laid in the middle of the bed with my legs spread. On his knees between them, he lowered himself on top of me and slipped his rebooted hard penis inside. With my vaginal walls having been overly stretched and still slimy with Edward's spunk, Michael's cock slid all the way in without any resistance.

When he began to pump it, I really could not feel much stimulation but I wanted us to make that "welcome back" connection so I offered dirty talk, "My pussy missed you and it's glad to have you inside it again. I'm sorry it is so loose but Edward was just so big. I couldn't believe how deep it got. Now it is time for my Fiancé to fuck me. Do it! Come on!"

With all the factors in play, Michael thrusted and fucked me for all he was worth. He was dripping sweat and breathing hard with no results. After just having been impaled on such a monstrous piece of meat, his average sized cock wasn't helping either one of us to get off. He was concentrating but his body wore out before he was able to inject his love and collapsed on top of me trying to catch his breath.

I helped him roll off and while panting on his back, I offered, "I'll jack it off for you."

He got up and sat back down on our big chair in the corner. While down on my knees, I spit several times on his cock and began to jerk it. Since the time had elapsed, most of his own cum that was on his body had been smeared off but I was lucky to find a small section around his neck and added that for more lube. Michael leaned back, allowing my hand to slide on his meat as I desired.

I was using all my techniques such a slow long stroking to fast pumping to loose-grip and twist arounds. I fondled his balls and gave him my best filthy talk. He would get close then lose the feeling. I even added sucking it while I jerked and nothing seemed to work. That is when I decided to implement my final effort. Michael loves my feet so I had to try something different when I stopped jerking him off and stood up.

His cock was rock hard but he apologized anyway, "Sorry baby. I don't know what's going on. I think that first one might have been it."

I smiled wickedly, "Oh I don't think so. I stood up on the arms of the chair overtop him while he looked up at me. I swung my leg over his head and sat partially on the top back of the chair and partially on his shoulders like we were about to chicken fight another couple. I pointed my big toe and rubbed it on his cock head. In order to reach the shaft, I scooted forward and pressed my leaking pussy up against the back of his neck.

I pointed both feet and was able to grab the sides of his hard-on with my toes. Using them like fingers, I stroked it up and down until he began to moan while grabbing my calves to help press my feet tighter. He was helping me give him a great footjob. His shaft's tight skin was moving to my rhythm. Fitting my hand between my crotch and Michael's neck, I was able to dip my finger inside my pussy and gather some of my juices and Edward's seed on the tip.

I continued to beat my fiancé off with my toes but stuck my gooey finger into his mouth as added sensation. I slid it in and out like he was sucking a tiny cock and whispered, "Look at my pink toes Daddy. Aren't they cute jerking you off?"

He never responded but his labored breathing became irregular and I added, "Cum on them Daddy. I have missed your warm cream all over them!"

Michael put his head back, tightened up his belly and shot his second load straight in the air. He was grunting as he released! It seemed like he shot even more cum than his first one and when he finished, my toes were warm and messy. Careful to not get any on the chair, I slid down to his lap then stood on the floor.

As I walked away to clean up, Michael chuckled, "Damn girl, you never cease to amaze me." We got dressed and went out for a lovely dinner to celebrate.

Weeks turned into months and we were getting closer and closer to the wedding. The invitations were mailed and I was finishing the final details. Michael was preoccupied with the bachelor party. He could not wait and when his best man Roger had told him that it was going to be a very special night, he was extra elated.

After getting off the phone with Roger, Michael told me, "Roger and the guys rented a small building on the east side of town that is used for gatherings. He hired a stripper to fly in from Las Vegas. Her name is Sugar Gibson and she is famous. This will be fuckin awesome."

Finally the day had come for the bachelor party. It was a Saturday and Sugar's plane was supposed to land at 4 pm. During the party, I was going to a movie and heading back home to read a good book and let the guys have a great time. Michael left the house looking and smelling great at 3 pm after I kissed him on the lips and whispered, "Have a great time and don't do anything I wouldn't do."

As I was getting ready with my stag movie plans, my phone rings to a frantic Roger on the other end, "Britt, I am so fucked! I don't know what I'm going to do!"

I assured him, "Just calm down. What is going on?"

He continued in a gasp, "The agency just called and the stripper I hired can't make it! Her plane was delayed then cancelled! Fuck what am I going to do? I promised your fiancé the best night and now it is all fucked up. Do you know anyone that strips or would be willing to do it?"

I thought for a moment then responded, "Don't worry. I know someone who can fill in. You just go to the party and get things set up just like you planned and I will make sure she shows up."

I still could hear the tension in his voice but he was better before he thanked me a few times. When we hung up, I had no idea who I might get but I didn't want Roger to know that. Then it hit me and I thought deviously, "Brittni, you are soooo bad!"

I shook my head as I chuckled sinisterly at my plan. I decided I was going to be their stripper and a lot more but I didn't want Michael and his friends to know that at least in the beginning. I had little time to gather my items. I quickly drove to the Halloween novelty shop and bought a short form fitting slutty wedding dress. It was made of sheer transparent lace chiffon and barely covered my butt. There was the cutest matching veil and long gloves that went with it. That was perfect to hide my identity from the guys. After stopping off and picking up some Berkshire French Lace thigh high stockings and a pair of white closed-toe slide-on high heels, I was set.

I curled my blonde hair and adjusted the dress to my 5'6, 120 pound figure. It was too tight around my 34c breasts but with some work, I had my cleavage showing so much it that looked as though my boobs would burst out of the dress. I added a white thong but decided against a bra so that my nipples were showing through the lace. I curled my hair, added extra makeup, shiny lip gloss, hoop earrings, the stockings, two puffs of perfume and I was ready.

I grabbed a couple of CDs, slipped on the high heels and carried my veil out to the car. When I arrived, I parked in back of the building so no one would recognize it. After bobby pinning on the veil, I walked around to the front door and when I walked in, the guys were standing and drinking. I could see through the sheer material who had attended. Of course there was Michael the man of honor, his best man Roger, Bill, Steve, Steve's brother Paul, Michael's brother in-law Scott and his father Jeff. Of the seven guys in attendance, I had already fucked five of them so all that was left was Jeff and Scott.

I was thinking that these poor guys thought they just had a stripper and were going to see a good show. Little did they know, the strip show was only just the beginning. When I walked in with my face covered, Roger came over and greeted me. I shook his hand with my elegant glove covered hand while speaking in my disguised British accent, "Nice to meet you Luv. Where shall I put my things?" In the background, I could hear the drunken guys whooping and hollering.

Roger led me into a small room with a table and I sat down my purse and jacket. When I walked out, I spoke very little so not to be revealed. I was shaking hands and giving hugs while looking around the room for ideas. The guys were gathering their folding chairs in a large circle to give me space to move amongst them. Roger had rented a nice sound system with Bluetooth speakers so I could just hook up my cell phone to the music I desired. While I was getting my playlist prepared, the guys were preparing their dollar bills thinking about the "unknown" stripper they were about to be entertained by.

The building was also used for picnics and events so when I spotted a picnic table against the wall, I wanted them to use that instead. I had the guys move it to the middle of the room and they all sat down on the bench facing the table top except Michael who pulled up a chair and sat on the end like a king sitting at the foot of his dining room table. They were all thrilled about me getting up on the table, giving them a show.

I started the music and climbed up on the table. I was dressed in the slutty wedding dress, stockings, high heels and my vision was obstructed through the veil while the song White Wedding by Billy Idol played. Once I was standing, the guys began to clap and cheer me on. I danced in rhythm to the beat, walking back and forth up on the table, bending and showing off my ass with every eye leering up at me.

I added all the stripper moves like taking my hand behind my head and slowly working it down my body, pressing my boobs together, and spreading my legs while sitting before closing them and hopping back up. The guys were clapping and whooping.

Bill yelled, "Take it off! We want to see!"

Clunking in my high heels on the wood table, two guys separated, allowing me to step down and bring over the large bucket of ice housing the champagne. I sat it at the opposite end of the table before I stepped back up and continued dancing. With the guys cheering and shouting things out, I was getting into it until the song ended. I knew it was time to reveal myself.

For a split second, it became quiet. I got down on my knees over the champagne, ducked my head and unhooked my veil, tossing it on the floor allowing my curled blonde hair to flow downward. Dipping both hands in the melted ice water, I splashed a large handful on my face and hair which just about took my breath because it was so cold. I then slung my partially wet hair up over my head and turned, put my hands on my hips.

All the guys gasped when they realized it was me. Scott murmured, "What the fuck?"

Steve blurted, "Dude, it is your woman. That is so awesome!"

Roger added, "And she looks damn good! You go girl!"

I looked all around then continued to dance. Now the guys were even more interested but I noticed instead of continuing to stare only at me, they would look back at Michael to see his expression before putting their attention back on me. I first removed a glove, knelt down and slapped Roger across the face with it before tossing it on his head. I did the same with Bill with the other glove. I wanted them to know, I was in charge.

I reached behind myself and unzipped the dress before sliding it up over my head. When I threw it on the floor, I was wearing only my thong, silk white stockings, and white high heels. I continued to dance while focusing on my boobs and especially my nipples. I would pinch them before lifting my breasts so I could alternately suck them in front of the audience.

The guys continued to make loud noises with comments in between. I would dance and put the bottom of my high heel covered foot on one of their foreheads and push them back. This was not your everyday strip show. I was not collecting dollars, I was collecting egos. The next song had stopped and the room became quiet to observe my next move.

Using only my feet, I kicked off the high heels and left them sit on the table. I stepped down and sat on Michael's father's lap. Jeff was an ex-marine who wore his grey hair in a neat high and tight military style haircut. He was 72 years old, 6'4, lean and moved like he was twenty years younger. Using one hand, I squeezed his cheeks together until his lips formed a pucker. I kissed him and when I darted my tongue inside his mouth, his eyes popped open.

I pulled back really slowly, leaving Jeff with an opened mouth. I spit into his mouth and blurted out, "Michael, now I know where you get your great kissing from. Your dad is amazing!" I loudly whispered to Jeff, "Go ahead and swallow that. You're welcome."

With my arms around Jeff's neck, I stretched my hose covered legs and feet across Roger's lap while giving him his orders, "Take my stockings off of me." When I lifted one leg and pointed my toes, he carefully slid it down until it separated from my foot. Roger looked like a biker with his husky body, long thick hair and beard. He reminded me of the country singer Chris Stapleton. After helping me with my second nylon, I took both of them out of his hand and yanked on his beard.

Every time I would do something teasingly mean, all the other guys would let out a loud collective, "Oooooooooo!"
