 This story follows a period of time after Zeenat was first introduced in "Bachelor Party Vengeance" as a wife whose plan to nail her husband's infidelity goes seriously sideways.

I

"You want me to do what?!!!"

The very idea of what my husband Rafiq's dear friend, not to mention the groom-to-be of my best friend Karen, had just said to me was a serious shock to my system.

"Give it a thought and I'm sure you'll see the enjoyment and excitement in it," Hemant replied in a very measured tone as his hands slipped under my skirt, caressed my legs and worked up towards my pussy.

II

It was not the first time Hemant had intimately touched my private parts. In fact, we had been more than extremely intimate at a rather memorable bachelor party a while ago. Almost three years had passed since Hemant, Rafiq and others had planned to have a hooker over as entertainment for their buddy Aftab's bachelor party. Hemant's girlfriend and now fiancée, Karen, had discovered the plan and hatched a counter scheme. Somehow she had found the contact for the call girl and cancelled the arrangement. Instead both of us had dressed up as ladies of the night and gone to the event, with the idea of busting our mates. Rather than nailing the errant partners, however, we had both ended up being fucked every which way by the more than half dozen men at the party. Although my husband had not discovered my identity during the orgy, Hemant had recognized me from my wedding ring which I had forgotten to remove. First he had fingered me to a shattering orgasm while the others watched and shouted encouragement. As Karen kept the others occupied, Hemant had taken me to his bedroom where we had made passionate love. After I sucked his cock for a while he proceeded to fuck my pussy. Hemant had then tried to anally take me but his dick was too large to get into my backside and I was thankfully reprieved. Some days later he confessed that he had been aware that both Karen and I were the hookers but had played along. His hope was that I would give him an opportunity for another fuck soon. I had had many fantasies afterwards of a second encounter with him, but the stars had never aligned.

III

The invitation from Hemant to meet at a somewhat out of the way but chic coffee shop in Dubai was both unexpected and intriguing. He had waited till Rafiq had left for work and then asked simply if I was up to having a friendly coffee with him. I wondered what to wear and picked a floral skirt and heels. I had not talked to him one to one since the wedding nearly three years ago, though the men had kept each other company at golf frequently.

"It's so nice to see you Zeenat," Hemant had a big smile as he greeted me. I did not mind at all as he quickly kissed me on the lips, though the other patrons in the place definitely stared as a result. Putting his arm around my waist he led me to a table near a window. I noted that it was rather small and that our legs were constantly touching as we sat, talked and enjoyed our coffee.

"Congratulations on finally deciding to make Karen an honest woman," I let him know that Karen had already told me the good news

"Well I am glad that is out of the way," Hemant responded, "so now we can get down to more serious things."

"And what pray tell would those be," I mused.

This is when he dropped the big one on me. The request was so unexpected that I froze with the coffee cup halfway to my mouth.

"I would very much like Xenia to be the star of my bachelor party, in an even better way than for Aftab's event!" I remembered that Karen and I had used the aliases Julia and Xenia at that party so we would not be recognized.

What Hemant was directly asking was for me to this time willingly be the whore for perhaps a half dozen or more of his friends, most likely including my own husband. My first instinct was to fling my coffee into his face, but a scene like that in Dubai was not going to be good news for anyone. As I mulled over my answer, Hemant had grabbed one of my legs, removed the shoe, and was now busy caressing it.

"No, absolutely not," I finally responded after an extended moment.

"C'mon Zeenat you cannot tell me that your last experience as a hooker was not exciting and invigorating," he continued, "hell Rafiq raved for days after Aftab's wedding about how you had suddenly rediscovered your sexuality in bed!"

So my lying bastard husband had been talking about our sex life with all and sundry. I wanted to strangle him, but also was happy that he still had not figured out that I had been one of the main dishes on the menu at Aftab's party.

"Good for him but still no!" I held firm.

"Karen will be heartbroken and I have never asked you for any favours!" Hemant continued to cajole me with an inane line of reasoning while his hands rode all the way up my leg.

"Listen Hemant if this is about you having sex with me again, we can go right across the street to that hotel, get naked, make love, and forget everything else," I was blunt and to the point, and though beginning to get a little irritated by his insistence I bent forward to let him have a peek at the top of my breasts.

"That is not the point my dear," Hemant kept at it, "I thought you really got the last event going well and I felt a repeat would be a win-win for everyone."

"I still believe you are barking up the wrong tree!" I hoped the matter was closed.

"Well if you do have a change of heart, the event is not in Dubai but in Cyprus and you will be treated very well," he provided more information.

"So if I rhetorically say I would like a first class trip there, a few days at a 5-star hotel, and let's say fifty thousand dirhams for a one-night bachelor party, you would agree to my terms," I made a ridiculous suggestion hoping to shut him up.

"Done," he said, completely deflating my case and leaving my speechless for a moment.

"Did you win the lottery or something?" I could not believe he would be ready to pay so much.

"No, but you do know that Karen's family is loaded. We do have a very large budget for the wedding, the bachelor and bachelorette parties, and our honeymoon in South Africa," Hemant replied with confidence, his hand having insinuated itself under my panties and with two fingers tickling the insides of my cunt.

I would have liked to tell him to stick that wealth where the sun did not shine but my pussy contracted at the very moment due to the fingers in it and I had one of the best orgasms of my life. Thank God the shop was nearly empty or my suppressed yelp would certainly have been noticed.

As my spasm subsided, Hemant pulled his fingers out of me, slowly licked the stickiness off, smiled and said, "I'll give you a few days to think it over; after all I am a perfect gentleman!"

IV

"Gentlemen some of us have already had the pleasure of Xenia's company at Aftab's bachelor party, and you will all remember that she was delicious," Hemant announced to the group in the large hotel suite, "unfortunately her partner Julia was unable to make it so we do have additional support on hand."

The group began to howl, whistle and clap with gusto. They had every reason to do so. Those who I had previously entertained knew that I was game to pretty much any perversion. Those who were seeing me for the first time liked the fact that I was showing a lot of skin in a short black miniskirt that allowed my décolletage to spill out somewhat, long stockings and heels. While I had gone fully blonde for the prior party, Hemant had suggested a somewhat darker blonde-brown shade for my hair. The coloured contacts suited me well and provided comfort against discovery. Yes I looked sensational!

I had been expecting the usual six men, but quickly counted that there were twice as many males as the last time. While the group had always been multi-ethnic, the presence of some of African, Oriental and Cypriot men added another dimension. My eyes sought out and found Rafiq in one corner busy sucking the tits of a Chinese girl sitting topless in his lap with her legs around him. I noted three other partially clothed females in the crowd, one decidedly Greek, another Lebanese or Syrian, and a third with distinct Latin features. I was relieved that I was not going to be the only object of lust eradication.

Hemant took my hand and led me right up to the edge of a table in the middle of the room. A slight nudge to my waist directed me to bend down over it. As I did so, he put his hands under my skirt and ripped off the slight panty I had been wearing. I figured the first fuck was about to happen and readied myself for the intrusion of man meat. Instead I was surprised as Hemant applied a cool cream to my asshole and then inserted a rounded piece, akin to a baby's pacifier, of plastic inside me. Straightening me up, he fixed my dress back and handed me a glass of champagne. The butt plug was a new experience for me, and while invasive did not hurt as I thought it may have. Still realizing that everyone's eyes had been on me as Hemant had put the item up my rectum, I chugged the spirit down in a flash. Hemant had another glass ready for me in a moment.

V

The short coffee shop episode with Hemant had left me horny as hell. I figured Rafiq would be back in under an hour from his office and may appreciate a hot wife ready for sex. A few minutes later than I expected, the apartment door opened and Rafiq entered with his usual "I am home sweetheart" announcement. But just as he turned the corner from the foyer into the living room he added "and we have company." I was mortified when that second sentence reached my ears and suddenly froze as a group of four guys, including Rafiq, entered the living room. Aftab, Robert and Andy all stood with their mouths agape staring at me. Rafiq also had no words coming from his mouth.

I had patiently been waiting for my husband to come home and fuck the living daylights out of me. Making sure that he would rise to the occasion, I was standing stark naked in front of a partially curtained window on the side of the room farthest away from the doors to the rest of the apartment, one hand on my head, the other on the windowsill, my tits erect as could be, and left leg crossed in front of the right one. I had put on a sharp pair of sunglasses that he Rafiq had given on my last birthday, creating just the right visage. Of course, I had completely ignored keeping a bathrobe or some other piece of clothing around.

Instead of just a randy husband with an erection, I now probably had four dicks up. My face and body turned red with no explanation coming from any side. The only course of action was to rush out with as much dignity as possible and seek refuge in our bedroom. This meant that I had to walk right up to and across where the four men were standing before I could get to the exit. I mustered the willingness and took the first step. None of the men made any attempt at either clothing me or asking if they could be of help as I passed within a couple of feet from them. Their eyes, however, remained on my naked body throughout until I left their line of sight. A few seconds later I was lying on my bed, shaking with both anger and embarrassment

"I am so sorry," Rafiq stammered, coming into the bedroom a split second after I did, "I should have called you about the fellows coming over."

"Why are they here?" was all I could muster.

"Hemant told us about his upcoming wedding to Karen and asked if we could brainstorm what and where the bachelor party and other events should be held," Rafiq gave me a not wholly true story, given that I knew that the venue was Cyprus and that I was supposedly the star attraction.

"So are you guys staying for now and expecting me to arrange snacks and refreshments?" I responded knowing well that it would days before I could face any of them again.

"No that's quite alright," Rafiq answered, "it may be better if we took the show on the road right now."

He turned and left. I heard loud cheers from the living room and taunts of that being the "quickest quickie ever" and that he was the "luckiest hound dog of all times!" I wished that I could vanish from Dubai at that very moment. Instead I just twisted about on the bed, still naked.

I must have fallen asleep while the group made plans and left. Rafiq woke me, his clothes all off also, at close to midnight. He spritzed a bit of my favourite perfume from a new bottle he had just bought onto my body. Moments later he was imbedded inside me, thrusting as if he would not have another opportunity to fuck. Even though the fingering from Hemant had been more of a turn on for me, both Rafiq and I came stronger than we normally did.

"I hope you can forgive me for what happened earlier this evening," Rafiq asked after we had disentangled and stretched a bit.

"Did they say anything," I replied, "after all they did get a fantastic show of all of me!"

"They all had the opinion that you were stunningly beautiful and that their own wives and girlfriends did not match up," there really was no other way to answer my barbed query. I was sure, however, that the discussion had been much more detailed with each of my body parts assessed and analyzed.

"So have you guys decided what you will be doing?" I asked.

"Well nothing much, though we are going to Cyprus for the bachelor and bachelorette parties and wedding," he had more details now.

"And what sort of entertainment are you planning at this bachelor party?" I just blurted out.

"Nothing much, probably the same low-key stuff as at Aftab's bachelor party, after all Cyprus is almost as boring as Dubai!"

I was tempted to deliver a kick to his midsection. Aftab's event had certainly not been low key, given the amount of keying into my vaginal, anal and oral entrances. And Cyprus was not Dubai by any stretch. Why he was lying to me while in such a state of intimacy was beyond me. This lie deserved a worthy reply and I knew just how to give Rafiq the punishment he deserved.

VI

Hemant uncovered a device that had a 'Wheel of Fortune' type rotating circle attached. He asked the guys to come give it a spin. I soon realized that the wheel represented the act that the female whose name was placed alongside would perform with the guy spinning. The four other ladies were soon involved with four of the guys, some of the fellows having drawn a "nothing this time" wedge. When my name was finally placed on the wheel, Phil struck out. Robert, on the other hand got the vaginal sex one and his grin was positively wide. "So nice to meet you again," Robert addressed me as the uninvolved group around me alternated between talking and drinking, while waiting for a second turn at the wheel. He had seen me stark naked at home just a couple of weeks earlier but had no inkling about who I really was. My cover had apparently held and I could put away the strangely exciting fear of being found out.

The suite was set on two levels with a staircase leading upstairs. Robert put his hand around my waist and we reached the top of the staircase. In an instant, he lifted off my skirt and unhooked the bra, leaving me only in my heels, stockings and with a plug in my rear. He turned me around over the bannister and pushed me forward a bit. Bringing his cock under my pussy, he pushed into me while the plug stayed in place. I moaned as both my orifices felt full and my nerves tingled with his thrusts. It was almost a downer when he came into the condom he wore and disengaged from me with a deep kiss.

Giving myself a quick cleaning in the bathroom I returned to the orgy to see Rafiq having anal sex with the Arab girl who seemed to be a pro at getting butt fucked. We had engaged in anal sex with a greater frequency than prior to Aftab's party, but he never appeared to be so into the act. Rafiq seemed to take forever in emptying his load into his partner.

"I believe I have the honour of your company?" a thirty-something Chinese gentleman had come up and taken my hand in his. He indicated that his spin had earned a blow job from me. There was no question of turning him down, I was contracted to pleasure everyone at the event, not just a select few. He seated himself in an armchair and my lips were soon around his penis. He did not last long though and was respectful enough to pull out and shoot his load into a towelette rather than into my mouth.

"I have a corporate event in Colombo in a couple of weeks, and I wonder if your services may be available for the benefit of my clients?" I was shocked by his query but accepted a business card which showed him to be Mr. Zhang, a big shot in a major Chinese telecom company. I had taken on the role out of friendship, not to become a full-time whore, yet here was a future client. I was wondering how to respond when Mr. Zhang surprised me further with an envelope that contained two-thousand Euros as an incentive, and left with the hope that I would confirm with a call or an email.

Just at Mr. Zhang moved on, Hemant lifted me off my feet and took me back down to the table. He removed the butt plug and I figured my ass was going to be ploughed. Instead he inserted another plug with a bigger diameter into me. I was sport as nothing untoward had happened so far. Hemant whacked me lightly on the ass indicating that some of the guys wanted my company. He also indicated that the envelope from Wong was with my dress and bra in the closet.

VII

"Hey we are going to hold the hen party on the 15th," Karen had called, "and I expect you will be active in planning and executing it."

"Excellent news and where is this being held?" I had been told that Cyprus was also the venue for this event but needed confirmation.

"It's at the Meridien Resort at Limasol in Cyprus. We'll go a day or two early, have the party and you can stay and enjoy the place for a bit before the wedding itself is in Nicosia," Karen confirmed most of what I already knew.

"What about the guys?" I wondered.

"They are also on the island but I believe they are meeting at another hotel for the bachelor party," Karen advised, "I believe that is on the 13th."

Things had worked themselves in a such way that I could get to Cyprus early, enjoy a five-star hotel for a day or two, then be the main course at Hemant's event, attend Karen's party two days later, be at the wedding shortly afterwards and return to Dubai. Rafiq would think I was with Karen and all would be well.

"And one other thing," Karen added, "you are going to be my maid of honour!"

Hemant was delighted when I accepted the contract. A first class air ticket on Emirates was arranged, and I was booked in at a chic five star hotel. On the afternoon of the 14th I would move to the Meridien, just in time to attend to maid of honour duties. Rafiq would join me there after the guys had done a couple days of fishing and scuba diving following the bachelor party. Rafiq was quite peeved when told he had to buy his own ticket but that mine was arranged by Karen as I was the maid of honour.

VIII

"You were dynamite at my party and I cannot wait to renew our acquaintance," Aftab had come over and was fondling my tits, having lucked out in the draw for me.

"Why thank you, I hope everything today is also fine for you," I replied, wondering if I was getting too much into the hooker character.

"It will be in a moment," he said as he lay down on one of the many strategically placed cots. I climbed on top, inserted his now sheathed cock into my pussy, and began to move up and down his shaft. Apparently he had already fucked the Latin girl once and also received a blow job from the Greek one. This enabled him to prolong his release and we continued to buck for an extended period of time. Finally he let go of whatever fluid remained inside him and lay almost motionless on the bed, except for the heaving of his chest.
