 My co-worker, Sally, and I had just finished running a training workshop in Miami for 75 nonprofit managers. We were working on pure adrenaline after four 18-hour days in a row, but happy as hell because it had gone so well. Our flight home wasn't until the next day, so we went back to our hotel rooms and changed clothes for a night out to celebrate. 

As we were waiting for the valet to bring the rental car back around, Sally said, "Jill, don't turn around right now, but the guys at the bell stand are checking us out. I guess we don't look too raggedy after all!" We were headed to a little jazz club down the street that had been the favorite hang-out for some of our workshop's participants. 

I casually glanced over my shoulder and caught one of the bell hops leering at my legs; I was wearing a short white linen skirt and sleeveless blouse. As flattered as I was, it reminded me that it had been a long time since I'd been unattached and away from home. 

My boyfriend and I had broken up a few months before. After three years, we both knew we would never make it in the long-run. I had done my grieving and then lived a nun's life spending all my time at the office to prepare the workshop. Sally and I had worked together for five years, climbing the corporate ladder and ending up managing our division. We had been teaching eight workshops a year together, always on the road, and Sally was the only one who ever got to indulge herself when we traveled. 

She was a party girl, and good-looking. Her mother was Italian, and Sally had long black hair, a curvy figure, and olive skin. I had been living vicariously through her for years. She loved to kiss-and-tell, right down to the last spine-tingling detail, and I loved to listen. She was a little wilder than I had ever been, but I was ready to let loose that night. 

"Sally, you know you look good in that little bitty dress, and that's why you put it on. You look like you've got some serious plans for the night," I said. 

I couldn't help but laugh as Sally shot me a mischievous look while we got into the car. "Yeah, I've got some serious plans," she said. "I am seriously going to make sure that you're the one with the story to tell tomorrow." She started laughing like she knew something I didn't, and I wondered for a second what I was getting into. 

We headed down the street to the club. When we walked in, the band was playing classic jazz, but the percussionists were giving it a funky Latin treatment. Sally and I were looking around for a table when someone - a tall someone - stepped up behind me and slipped an arm around my waist, pulling me close into him. I stiffened and almost stepped away, but I recognized John's voice when he leaned his head down and quietly said, "I've been wondering for years when I might get to spend an evening out with you. Is this my lucky night, Jill?" 

John and I had known each other since I'd been at the company. He was a consultant we brought in to teach part of our workshops. We lived near each other, but we had only seen each other at planning meetings or conferences. He was a genuinely nice, handsome guy - he had a rugged look that I really grooved on - and I'd had a crush on him since I'd known him. I'd felt school-girl bashful about it, and had only flirted with him a little. I never had a clue that he might be serious about it. 

Sally had told me that he and his wife had "an open relationship," and that she knew his wife and knew that it wasn't some kind of Lothario BS he used to get into other women's beds. He'd never done any prowling at our workshops, but we'd heard stories now and then that had piqued our curiosity. John was more of a fun little fantasy than anything else; my ex-boyfriend and I had been monogamous, so I'd never pursued anything with him. 

It took me about two seconds to decide. I leaned back into him and turned my face up to his, put on my best sly come-hither look, and said, "Actually, I think tonight is my lucky night. Good thing for you that I know how to share." I figured it was now or never, so I got bold - bold for me, anyway. I stood up on my tiptoes and tongued the underside of his jawline where it met his neck, and I felt his cock instantly harden against my back. "Mmmm. What a nice surprise!" he whispered. "This oughtta be even more fun than I imagined!" 

He took my hand and guided me over to his table against the wall, and he ordered a couple of double rum punches while I scanned the crowd for Sally. She gave me a big thumbs-up, and I could tell by the look on her face she and John had talked about this. No wonder she told me to change out of the blue jeans. The drinks arrived, and after a few more rounds and an hour of good music, feeling the heat coming off his body, him stroking my thigh ever so lightly under the table, I was so aroused that I could barely think. 

"Is it OK if we head out of here?" I asked him. "I can't take any more of this." 

"Whatever you want," he said. "But we have to get Sally first; I promised her we wouldn't leave without her." 

The short ride to our hotel seemed to take forever. Sally was sitting up front, and her victim of the evening, Adam, was driving. I had slid as close as possible to John in the back seat, and he had one arm over my shoulders, caressing the top of my chest, while his other hand rested in my lap. The entire trip back, he rubbed one finger from the top to the inside of my thigh along the hemline of my skirt. Every now and then he'd sweep it beneath my skirt and skim my panties. I was barely able to breath by the time he worked his other hand into my curly blond hair, slipped his finger under the edge of my panties, pulled my ear to his mouth and said, "Oh, this is going to be so good." 

With that, Sally turned around and smiled - not at me, but at John - and asked, "So, are you up to this? Jill's been out of the saddle for a while." 

"You'd never know it from where I'm sitting," John laughed. "And yes, I'm up to this. I'd been thinking about it long before you ever brought it up." Then he lifted my hair and leaned over to kiss the nape of my neck, sending a shiver all the way down to my toes. 

"OK, now I'm getting nervous," I managed to say. "I usually like to be included when somebody plans my evening." 

Sally was staring into my eyes and grinning. She reached over the seat and put her hand on John's, which rested on my shoulder. "It's gonna be great," she said. "I promise. You will have an incredible night." Then her hand traveled to the front of my neck and down my chest and she cupped my breast, pinching my erect nipple. I was too surprised, and too turned on, to even gasp. 

"Sally, I can't wait to see this!" her date said. I had completely forgotten he was even in the car, and I got a twinge of nervousness at the idea of Adam watching whatever it was that was going on. Then John slipped his whole hand under my panties and slid his fingers up and down between my soaking wet lips, pulled his hand out, and pushed his fingers between Sally's dark red lips. She sucked them clean and let out a little moan as John said, "There's going to be plenty to see, and it looks like there'll be plenty more where that came from, too." 

I was truly weak in the knees by the time we got to the hotel and through the lobby. I kept wondering if anybody could tell what was going on - it seemed like we had to be giving off some visible heat or aura or something. How could four people be so aroused and so excited (and so nervous, as far as I was concerned) without anybody noticing? 

Sally and I ended up on one side of the elevator after a group of conventioneers got on after us and split our group. I was half-worried she was going to invite them along as well, but she restrained herself. Under my breath, I said to her "What have you gotten me into? Not that I don't appreciate it, but what exactly should I expect?" 

"That's the beauty of it. I don't know what John's plan is, or even if he has one. I brought up that you'd split with you ex, and that you needed to get back into the swing of things, and he just said that he was the man for the job. He thought it would be extra fun if I joined you, so here I am. I must say, the thought of this has crossed my mind more than once in the last five years." 

The thought had crossed my mind, too, and I smiled back at her. But I didn't get why she'd invited Adam along, and I told her so. 

"Well, it's the sadist in me. He needs that chip knocked off his shoulder, and I thought it would do him good to have to sit in a corner and watch all the action but not be able to join in," she said with a giggle. "I also know you're half-exhibitionist, so don't bother to protest." 

Thankfully, it was a short walk from the elevator to Sally's room; I was so wet that my essence was dripping slowly down the inside of my thighs. I was also going through some kind of withdrawal from John's touch. As soon as we were off the elevator, I was beside him again. "I guess Sally was filling you in. You're still here, so that must mean you're OK with this. Any more questions?" he asked. 

"Just one. How fast can we get the door unlocked?" Then suddenly it was, and we were inside, and it was John's show. Sally got Adam squared away in his chair in the corner, then John asked her to find some good music. Meanwhile, John pulled the covers off the bed and threw them in the corner. "Come here, darlin'. You're next," he said. 

I walked over and stood in front of him looking up into his eyes, wondering. I could see Adam out of the corner of my eye, and I knew Sally was behind me as the local jazz station came on the radio. He slipped one hand behind my neck and the other underneath my skirt, gripping my ass, and pulled me to him, kissing me softly at first - we actually hadn't kissed yet - but then more urgently, his tongue licking my lips, encircling my tongue, sucking my tongue back into his mouth. My hands went up to his face, caressing his cheeks, tracing his jawline, his neck, then around his back, pulling him closer to me, feeling him grow harder and harder as I pushed my pelvis into his. 

John pushed me back just a bit, kissed my neck, ran his tongue around my throat and then kissed the other side. He pushed my hair back from face, then his hands fell to my blouse, which he unbuttoned slowly. He slipped it off my shoulders, sliding my bra straps down at the same time. He reached into my bra and lifted out my breasts, running his thumbs over my nipples, and said, "Sally, can you help me out a little here? There's so much to see, and so much that needs attention..." 

Then I heard Sally behind me just a second before I felt her hands undo my bra and slide it down my arms. John kept rubbing, pulling, pinching my nipples, stopping only to slip a finger into my panties, gather up as much moisture as he could, then spread it across my nipples. Sally's hands were on my stomach, lightly running around to my back and unzipping my skirt, pulling it over my hips and letting it drop, then up the backs of my thighs and over my ass, over my back. Then John said, "Sally, you get out of those clothes and I'll take care of these," as he hooked his thumbs over the waist of my panties and pulled them over my ass and down my legs, kneeling in front of me to slip them over my pumps. I started to kick off my shoes, but he stopped me and said, "No no. I think I like those. What do you think?" and turned me around. I'd forgotten about the full-length mirrors on the closet doors across from the bed - you could see the whole room in them. John was standing behind me smiling, a little flushed, his hands on my hips, then grazing up to my breasts, back down to my thighs. Adam was watching intently, squirming. Sally had stripped down to her black thong undies and demi-bra, which barely contained her full breasts, and she was perched on the corner of the desk with a hungry look on her face. She'd left her pumps on, too. 

Well, he was right. The pumps did add something. I was admiring my whole self in the mirror, and Adam's reaction to me, when John stepped back and said, "Hey, it's my turn now," and pointed to his shirt. 

I smiled and asked, "Are you the only one directing this evening?" 

"I'm just here to make you happy," he said. "Tell me what you want." 

"Sally, how about you help John get naked, and I'll just trade places with you and enjoy the moment," I replied. 

Sally stopped and kissed me as she walked past, reaching her hand down between my legs and tickling my clit while she tongued me deeply. She pulled away and turned to John, inserting her dripping-wet fingers into his mouth, and said, "That ought to hold you for a minute." He stared into my eyes as he sucked my juice off her fingers, and after she pulled them out, he said, "God you taste good. I can't wait to bury my face in you and lick you until you scream." 

I smiled at him and then turned around and hopped up onto the desk where Sally'd been. She unbuttoned his shirt and pulled it off, then proceeded to his pants. As soon as she unzipped his fly, his cock sprang out of his shorts and she kneeled down to lick the pre-cum from its engorged head. I leaned back and pulled one foot up onto the desk-top, wide open to everybody's view and my own hand. Adam couldn't take it any more, and I heard his fly unzip and turned to see him pull his rock-hard dick out of his shorts and stroke it, making a low, deep moan. I was rubbing my clit as I watched John stroke Sally's hair while she licked his balls and spread his pre-cum over the head of his cock, when he said, "Sally, we've got to do something about Jill. She's the one having all the fun over there..." 

"Your wish is my command!" Sally said, and gave his cock a parting lick. 

John stepped around her and descended on me, kissing me deep and hard as one hand lifted my dangling foot up onto the desk and his other hand found my pussy, slid past it and found my ass, slipping his forefinger in and nearly sending me into an orgasm as his thumb stretched up and circled my clit. I started to rock my hips into his hand and soon exploded, my vagina spasming on its emptiness, aching while I shuddered. 

"Oh God please please please fuck me John, please," I begged as I reached for his hips. 

"Oh no. Not yet. I promised I'd lick you 'til you screamed, and I'm a man of my word," He kissed me again, then kissed and licked his way down my body, nibbling my nipples, swirling my belly button, then diving into my pussy and burying his tongue in me, thrusting it as deeply as it would go. Sally appeared standing behind him, pushing my knees farther apart as he pulled my ass to the edge of the desk. She reached between her own legs and brought a load of her juice to my mouth with one hand while she massaged my breasts with the other. I came again as John began flicking my clit with his tongue, bucking into his face and moaning, then screaming as he didn't back off and sucked and licked my clit as I came again. 

He finally pulled away smiling, his face sopping wet. Sally bent over and licked his face clean while I tried to catch my breath, but by the time I could sit up, John picked me up off the desk, stood me on my feet, and turned me away from him toward the mirror. As he reached around and pulled my hair away from my face, Sally walked over to Adam, pushed him onto the floor, and then climbed onto him and buried his face in her snatch. He had cum all over his pants and shirt at some point, but he was already hard again and eagerly going to work on Sally. 

John smiled at me in the mirror and asked, "Are you still ready for me to fuck you?" 

I leaned forward and braced myself on the mirror, hiking my ass back into his cock, and said "Oh yes, please. Right here, just like this." 

I felt him guide his cock through the wetness between my lips and barely into me, then he took my hips in his hands, bracing me, and drove himself into me down to the hilt, hard and fast, his balls slinging forward and slapping into my clit. I groaned, completely out of control, and my knees almost buckled with the force of it and the image of him in the mirror behind me, his faced tilted back, eyes barely open, his mouth breathing out "Ohhhhhh yesssssssss" as he opened his eyes to stare into mine, pulling almost completely out and slamming into me again, and again, and again. 

He was watching me closely, and I was barely able to keep my eyes open to watch him, but I saw him take one hand off my hip, lick his index and middle fingers, then trail them down my back to my ass, where they circled my hole until I started to cum again, and he drove both of his fingers into my ass as I came again and again, rocking back onto his cock and hand, my cunt gripping his cock repeatedly. 

He pulled his fingers out but left his now throbbing cock in me, my juices flowing down both our legs, then he pulled my shoulders to him and guided me backwards as he sat down on the edge of the bed, his legs between mine. Sally had reappeared kneeling on the floor in front of us, her bra and thong gone and her nipples erect. Adam was sitting in the chair again, still clothed, stroking his erect shaft again as he watched Sally reach up to John's legs as he spread them apart, causing my legs on the outside of his to stretch into a near-split. I thought I would break at first, but then my hips shifted forward, forcing John's unrelieved cock even deeper into me, touching off another shuddering orgasm. 

Then I started fucking him relentlessly, grinding my pubic bone down onto his, circling my hips with his cock buried as deeply as it would go. Sally reached up and took my breasts in her hands, pulling my nipples out until they burned, squeezing my breasts together and licking them. She bent down between our legs, licking my clit with just the barest tip of her tongue as I impaled myself on John's cock, grinding on him. He reached around me and took one of my breasts in one hand while he guided my hips with the other, finding a rhythm for us. Sally slipped her hands under John's legs as she licked me, tracing back to his balls, which she massaged with one hand while she slipped a finger between the cheeks of his ass, searching. 

I could tell when she found what she was looking for; John couldn't control himself any longer. He tensed, then moaned loudly, and pumped into me as hard as he could while pulling my hips down onto him. As soon as I felt him flood inside me, I came again, a long, shuddering orgasm that literally took my breath. I collapsed back into him, gasping. As we started to recover, he wrapped his arms around me, and started to hum. 

"I'm back in the saddle again..."