 I was on a business trip and had taken an extra night to take my Aunt out for dinner. Aunt Tot was a tiny gal, a fifty-year-old widow and twenty years older than I. She was a fiercely independent person, indicative of many people of her size, and as the expression goes 'did not suffer fools lightly'. One would be careful with words and actions while in her presence. She could also be a lot of fun and had a great sense of humor.

Aunt Tot took pleasure in sex and had enjoyed many lovers before marrying my widowed Uncle. Following his death she had looked for and found sex with other men. Uncle Bill had left her quite well off and she and a lady friend, also a widow, travelled often from their small farm community to enjoy sun and relaxation while seeking erotic meetings with selected partners. I hasten to add that I was not fully aware of her sexual appetite, distant past or recent, when I committed to meeting her on this occasion.

My travel plan was to stay in a hotel the night before my flight home in a city located about an hours drive from my Aunt's home. She insisted that instead of me driving to her hometown that she would take a bus to do some shopping before joining me for a dinner in my departure city.

The dinner was delightful and following an extended few hours of suggestive banter and intimate touches, neither of us wanted the evening to end. I checked out of my hotel room and drove her home with the intent of returning early next morning to catch my flight. During the car ride we explored each other's minds and bodies and I became quite certain that we would be fully intimate that night.

But she seemed unable to take that final step and instead of a night of intense sex, she provided me with a luxurious hand job in order to 'allow me to get some sleep' before returning to her own bedroom.

She apparently determined overnight that the positives beat out the negatives and the next morning during breakfast we started screwing on a kitchen chair. This was followed by another more controlled but intense hour fucking in bed. She was an accomplished sexual partner and once committed held nothing back. She had me ready to do her bidding. I was like a bull with a nose ring attached to a rope, I would have 'followed her anywhere'! 

It was still early that same morning and following the sex in bed I was on the phone. Aunt Tot, she preferred that I call her Rose, was in the shower after leaving instructions for me to join her after changing my travel schedule. I was fully intent on following orders and after making my travel changes I dropped my robe and slipped into the steamy shower stall to join my tiny horny naked Auntie. She smiled as she glanced at my full erection and said, "Good, was hoping that you had recovered, turn around." 

I grinned and said, "Yes Rose," and turned to face a corner of the shower. My naked shower mate moved in behind and rubbed her small soapy tits on my back. Her hands were busy, slipping up and down and around. She whispered, "Spread honey," as she pushed a soft soapy sponge between my legs from behind to gently soap my balls and crotch. Her tits were tight to my back when she dropped the sponge and grasped my cock. Her fingers partially encircled my stiff shaft and she pumped it urgently. "Oh God," she whispered, "turn around honey" and reluctantly withdrew her hand as she stepped back a little.

Her eyes were hooded with desire and she ordered, "Pick up the sponge baby, no way I bend down for it," and laughed. I did as instructed and she finished soaping my body with particular attention to my very hard cock. It was deadly quiet as our passion increased, the only sounds were the splash of the shower stream on our bodies and the faint grunts of lust and pleasure emanating from one or the other. 

She looked up at me saying, "I keep my promises," and slipped to her knees in front of me. I leaned over her to protect her from the shower spray as she closed her lips around my cock and slowly worked her way down it. My knees weakened as she pleasured me, tiny head bobbing up and down, active tongue and lips constantly discovering some new unexpected area of delight while cradling my balls in one hot hand.

"Rose, damn it, let me fuck you," I pleaded. But she was fixed on her objective and using her hand, lips and tongue led me inexorably towards coming in her mouth. I grasped her head as I slipped my cock back and forth before the uncontrollable spurt of cum caused my entire body to shiver and tremble. She eventually pulled her lips from around my cock to circle my knob with her tongue. 

She rose up and wrapped her arms around me, her face glued against my chest, her little body trembling with her own needs now, "Like that baby?" she whispered, and wrapped herself even more tightly to me. We stood like that for some time, totally passive on the exterior, but enjoying the wild sensations still coursing through our bodies.

I wrapped her in a big towel and sat her on the bathroom vanity. She knew what was coming and braced herself on her hands as I stooped down between her legs. Her skin was still damp as I kissed my way up between her open thighs. "Oh yes," she moaned as my nose brushed her bush and my tongue tip found her slit. She raised one leg over my shoulder. I pushed her legs further apart with my chin until her entire slit was bared. 

She muttered in little bursts as I sucked and teased her pussy. "Oh God, that's good." She fondled my head, "Millie will love you." She arched forward to position my tongue tip on a particularly sensitive spot. I rubbed it for her. "Millie loves to be licked, I think she loves it more than taking cock." 

My Auntie was writhing on the vanity top. She pulled my head tight against her as I flattened my tongue on the entire pussy. She lost it when I captured the tip of her clit in my lips, her knee slapping against one side of my head in her delicious agony. I held her tightly, licking gently now, easing her down from the frantic high she had just experienced. I straightened and pulled her in against my body while she clamped her legs in behind my thighs.

A gradual loosening of her arms and legs told me that she was regaining control. "That was so nice. It's great to just totally surrender yourself to someone. I loved it, loved exciting you, loved your mouth on me. But now, we should cool it for a while. Have you changed your travel arrangements? Can you stay until Monday?"

She jumped down off of the vanity top, and hustled off into her bedroom to grasp her panties and bra. I followed her. I love watching a woman pull on her undies after sex. It's as if they must quickly return a treasured piece of jewelry to its hiding place after displaying it for someone.

She tucked her last tit in and looked up at me with a knowing smile, "Thinking about more already are you? Set those thoughts to one side honey. As it is I don't think that I will be able to stand upright in my heels for a while. I want you to take me somewhere today. Go get dressed or we'll die in bed later this afternoon."

Aunt Tot was back to the woman that I had known for many years. Firm, determined and dominating but as I now knew there were limits to her control. I suspected that I could easily alter her timetable. But I needed some rest as well and so headed to my own room to get dressed. It was now close to noon hour.

I met her in the kitchen where she was preparing a list. She said, "I would like you to take me out to our cabin. Bill had it built on the lake by the farm just a year or so before he died. When we sold the farm Bill negotiated a strip of land through the farm to get to the lake. He loved it out there, close to where he had been raised and on a lake where he had hunted and fished. I love it there too, and want to spend at least one night with you. We have a gated private road to the only lot and cabin on the lake."

I came up behind her, held her hips and bent over her shoulder. I kissed her ear and said, "What else Rose. What's the list for?"

She turned and gave me a light peck on the lips, "Some supplies we will need, want you to pick them up at the store. Back off now, that's all you get. For now."

I nuzzled her neck, rubbed against her butt and picked up the list. "Don't think I can wait very long," I whispered in her ear, "thinking about what's in your panties already. Love to bare your pussy Rose. What would happen if I took your panties off you right now?"

She ignored my suggestive query, "And by the way. I was serious about you meeting Millie. We can have a lot of fun together but it's your call. I'd like to invite her to come out to the cabin with us. It will increase your pleasure honey, guaranteed. What do you say?"

I continued to be amazed how this little gal could swing so quickly from being commanding and straight laced to passionate and horny, and then back again. I would have been quite content to spend the rest of the weekend alone with her, but was certain that my best option was to agree. "Of course, would love to meet Millie, will leave it in your hands."

She nodded as if it was the only answer that I could give and said, "Good, I'll call her, she is waiting to hear from me. I told her about you this morning before breakfast. She's anxious to meet you." There was not all that much difference between my Aunt being businesslike or planning to fuck.

I slipped my arms under hers and around to clasp her tits, kissed her neck and whispered, "Anything you want Rose, I'm at your disposal."

I felt her melt a little as she pushed her body back into my arms before she stiffened and said, "You better get going."

I did my duty, finding the store and faithfully filling the detailed list. We scrambled around getting ready to go, Rose supplying me with some of my Uncle's casual clothes suitable for a weekend on a lake. She was in her element, organizing and instructing; every detail meticulously resolved. We stopped to pick up Millie who was waiting for us in her driveway. 

Millie was only a little taller than my Aunt, but had more meat on her. She was very attractive, a pretty and open face, just the right amount of make-up and a becoming body. I got out of the car to shake hands in greeting. Millie looked like she expected more but I played it properly. I loaded her travel bag into the trunk and she, following my Aunt's instruction, slipped into the front seat with my Aunt perched between us. 

During the drive, our chat was totally non suggestive, no hint of sex, past or future, but remained centered on life in the area and my summers on the farm fifteen years prior. I did not recall ever having met Millie during those times. I remained a little uncertain as to my role during these next few days but decided to just sail along and accept my fate while allowing my Aunt to steer discussion and plan events as she pleased. 

The private road left off the main highway and worked its way between fields and along the back yards of the hobby farms developed on what had been my grand parents family farm. The lake itself was nestled in a large rocky plateau protruding above the otherwise flat farmland. Some logging had been done in years past but it was now re-forested.

The cabin and a few outbuildings were located on a beach at the end of a bay that opened onto the main lake through a narrow channel. The cabin was only a few years old, modern in construction and designed with a large common room, a kitchen and one large bedroom. A bath and shower room could be accessed from both the bedroom and the common room. Bay windows in both the main room and bedroom provided a scenic view down the bay to the open lake. It had obviously been planned for one couple without accommodation for overnight visitors.

I carried the supplies in and set them on a table. Aunt Tot took over and suggested that Millie show me around while she organized matters. "The two of you go and start up the generator and water pump, check the boathouse. Millie knows how, she's been here before. And oh yes, turn on the propane heater in the sauna. Be nice to relax after dinner tonight."

I guessed that she was giving Millie and I a chance to get to know each other so I followed willingly as Millie took my hand and led me outside. "We can change later" she said, "let's get things rolling first."

There was a gasoline-driven generator set in the back of what turned out to be the sauna hut. It took all of two minutes to open the fuel line, check the oil and press a button. Then to a covered box protecting the water pump and controls, another button to press. Millie pointed up behind the cabin to a water tank and said, "There is an automatic control in the tank to start and stop the pump, and an inline propane heater coming off it for hot water to the cabin."

It had been all business to this point, except for my occasional inspection of Millie's pretty round butt and boobs. While friendly, she had not demonstrated any similar erotic curiosity towards me. 

We returned to the sauna hut and Millie said, "We'll start the heat but then have to remember to come back every few hours to throw some water on the hot rocks to make steam and heat the interior of the compartment. Come in and I'll show you."

The hut was a two-compartment set-up, a vestibule where one could remove excess clothes and towel off, and the heating compartment, a small heavily insulated room with benches along one wall capable of sitting five or six people. The heater was placed in a well with venting to outside. It applied the heat to a steel pot filled with round stones and positioned directly in front of the benches. A bucket sat to one side of a water faucet and was used to toss water onto the hot rocks to increase the heat or to douse oneself with cold water as your body temperature climbed. 

Millie patiently explained and demonstrated the operation to me, and then turned to stand about one foot from my body. I had the sensation that she was aiming her nipples squarely at me. Her eyes fastened on mine, she licked her lips slowly and then asked, "Do you enjoy saunas?" She moved closer to me, her head upturned, waiting expectantly for either a response or a move on my part. I could feel her warm breath on my neck.

I placed my hands on her hips, cautiously waiting for her reaction before replying, "Never had one in my life, there was no sauna on the farm when I visited in the past." I pulled her more closely, her breasts now brushed my chest and her hands went to my waist.

I locked eyes with her, sensing open interest emanating from my new friend, "How about you? Do you and Rose come out here often? Take sauna's together?" Crazy visions began to tumble through my mind of the two of them naked on a bench sitting in a cloud of steam. I slipped my hands behind her to cup her ass cheeks, pulling her hips up against mine to encourage my growing erection.

"Oh yes, we come out often, even in the winter. Can you imagine the two of us getting all hot and steamy and then jumping into a hole cut through the ice on the lake or into a snow bank?" 

She was not in the least intimidated by my moves or words, and moved her mouth close to mine. Our lips brushed and met, tongue tips flicking as she pressed forward to rub against my full-blown erection. She purred softly at the feel of my hard shaft rubbing on her mound.

"Naked, I presume," I moaned. Her mouth opened wide to accept my tongue, then closed her lips to suck it.

"Yes of course, we only do naked in this room. Why spoil the opportunity? Just like Finlanders." She pressed and rubbed her tits hard against me.

I caressed her ass and the back of her legs as she jammed her hips and belly up against my full erection. "Just the two you?" I choked out.

Our lips were locked, our tongues intertwining, before she pulled back a little with a smile, "Now that would be telling wouldn't it?"

I unbuttoned her western style shirt to expose a soft lace trimmed bra, so frail looking that it was a wonder it could contain her bulging tits. I lifted one out over the top of her bra and bent my head to lick and suck on the nipple. I could feel her melting in my hands. 

A high-pitched shout interrupted the flow. We had left the door from the vestibule open and so were able to hear Aunt Tot enquiring as to our whereabouts.

Millie pulled back, her eyes wild but with an otherwise triumphant look on her face. "Better save this for another time. Maybe this evening if things work out." She tucked her tit back into her bra, and re-buttoned her shirt. The heat had begun to build and sweat was forming on our faces.

I was thinking, 'Damn, two ladies who enjoy the tease'. But I suspected that there was more than enough on the table for me and that by the time I caught my plane in a few days I would have enjoyed a month's worth of sex.

Millie turned to leave; I pulled her back against me, positioning my erection between her cheeks. I slipped it up and down as she pressed back against me, "You know what I hope to do to you later don't you?"

She turned her head, her eyes opaque with lust, "Probably the same as what I'm planning to do to you," she said as she placed a soft kiss on my lips.

Aunt Tot wore a knowing smile when we returned to join her in the cabin but did not acknowledge the slight nod given her by Millie. 'Operation successful' was undoubtedly the message. "Show him the bedroom Millie." 

It was a very large room with sliding glass doors providing access to a sun deck and a view down the lake. It looked like a brothel from Victorian times featuring a large walk around four-poster bed. The predominant trim was frilly and pink; bedcover, curtains and drapes on the windows and sliding doors, mirror frames, padded stools each side of the bed and even to the trinkets on the dresser. I would not have been surprised if a bidet was installed in the adjoining shower and bathroom. I murmured to nobody in particular, "Uncle Bill, I never knew!" 

Millie laughed, hooking her arm in mine and pressing one beautiful soft tit against my bicep said, "Oh Bill had no part in the furnishings. Rose and I have done most of this since he died. But you are missing something." She glanced at the ceiling to draw my attention to an elaborate gilded mirror centered over the bed.

I looked down at Millie; her eyes were soft, her tongue tip circling her lips slowly and said, "God Millie, you must have needed to have the decorators killed after they finished this boudoir." 

She laughed softly and reached over to run her hand up and down my erection, biting her lip as she felt it throb in her hand, "Not really, Rose had it done by an outsider from the city. Do you like it?" 

"Oh yeah, I like it, but not sure how one sleeps in here, my thoughts would be on whoever is in bed with me."

We kissed and she breathed, "That's good, you're going to have choices tonight." We went into a full body clench, she circling one leg behind me as she moved her pussy to grind on my shaft. We kissed almost violently. I had the strange feeling of movement all around me. The damn mirrors!

Just then, our commander in chief appeared in the doorway and said, "Get to see everything yet?"

I looked down at the fully clothed lady still latched around me and said, "Not quite everything." We kissed again.

Aunt Tot ignored our passion, "C'mon, lunch is served, we'll have it out on the deck." That's my Auntie! There is a time and a place for everything. 

Millie was apparently of the same ilk as my Aunt about sex, loving the buildup and the tease, the tense expectant waiting, and I suspected that she would be just as wanton once naked in bed. And oh how I wanted to experience that. I was building up a severe case of blue balls. There was no way I would survive until nightfall or whatever might happen in the sauna. But I did as I was told and sat down for lunch on the outside deck. 
