 We walked back to the main stage area to catch up with our friends. The girls walked a few paces in front of me. Every once in a while they would look back at me, turn around and laugh. I started to get a queasy feeling in the pit of my stomach. I wasn't entirely sure what happened was a good idea. Part of me was waiting for some sort of explosion from at least Kaitlyn. I had to admit though, they were a gorgeous pair and watching both of their asses swaying back and forth was having a nice effect on me. 

We got close to the main stage and I could start to smell the food from the food tents. "Hey, you guys want to get something to eat?" For some reason, they both started to laugh at that. Kaitlyn finally spoke up. "Yeah, I'm actually pretty hungry. Must be all that mountain air." Cheryl piped in "Or all that exercise." This set them off laughing again and I decided I better be careful around them. We each grabbed some food and headed to our spot at the main stage. We all got some strange looks from our friends, but I ignored them. Kaitlyn made sure she had a seat right next to me and Cheryl took a spot closer to Mary and Sean. 

"So, what have you guys been up to? Enjoying the shows?" Sean asked.

Cheryl just started blushing and got really focused on her food and Kaitlyn started to laugh. "Yeah, we caught a few shows at lakeside and then meandered back here. Nothing really note worthy though." I said. I reached into the cooler and grabbed a juice and offered one to Kaitlyn. I chugged mine down and took another. "Trying to recharge?" Kaitlyn asked me. I just winked at her and then caught Cheryl looking at us. "Would you like a juice?" I asked her. "No thanks, I'm good." 

Over the next hour or so, the rest of the gang started to float back and pretty soon we had a full house. The rest of the night was going to be spent at the main stage since the headliner was supposed to start and the few opening shows for that were high on all our lists of bands to see. Kaitlyn got up to use the bathroom and her friend Mary went with her. Cheryl had been sitting quietly, so I moved closer to her. When I was sitting next to her, she looked up and smiled. "You OK?" I asked.

"Yeah, just a bit uncomfortable being around everyone after what happened. I want to get cozy with you now, but I don't want everyone to start talking and I don't want to upset Kaitlyn."

"Don't worry about what everyone will think. Let Kaitlyn cozy up to me and you sit close. I get the feeling Kaitlyn won't mind if we snuggle together once it's colder."

She smiled at me and we just sat there listening to the band that was on stage. Kaitlyn came back a little bit later and saw me sitting next to Cheryl. She grabbed her pack and moved next to, then pulled out a blanket. "I'm getting cold. Care to share?"

"Sure" and I pulled the blanket over my legs. Kaitlyn looked over at Cheryl. "You want some too?" she asked her.

"That'd be nice. Thanks." So I pulled the blanket over for Cheryl to share. Then I felt Kaitlyn's hand reach over and touch Cheryl's leg. She must have thought it was me, but when she gave it a squeeze, she realized it was Kaitlyn, so she looked over at her and smiled. This smile seemed to show a bit of relief. Then they were holding hands in my lap and when I looked at them, they were both grinning. I jumped when one of them squeezed my dick and I couldn't tell which one it had been. Then they were both rubbing me and grinning like Cheshire cats. Turnabout being fair play, I reached into both of their laps and started to rub each of them. They quickly removed their hands to move mine and we just held hands for a while listening to the music. 

"I'm hungry still", Cheryl said. "I think I'm going to grab something to snack on." She looked at Kaitlyn, "Care to come with?" "No, thanks, but maybe Johnny can go with you?"

I shrugged my shoulders and Cheryl and I went over to the food tent. As we walked, Cheryl leaned close and said "I heard what you guys did behind the food tent. Care to show me?"

I grinned at her and she just trotted around the side. "While we were walking, Kaitlyn told me how she went down on you and said I should give it a try." I didn't comment and just followed her around. We looked around and I led her to the spot where Kaitlyn and I were the night before. On the way though, I found an even better spot. There was a bench, so I took Cheryl's hand and led her over to it. I looked around and to make sure we had some privacy. There were some shrubs around us and it was shielded enough to hide anything we did, as long as I could keep Cheryl quiet.

Once I knew we were hidden, I grabbed Cheryl and pulled her in for a kiss. She wrapped her arms around me and kissed back. I grabbed her around her waist and lifter her legs to wrap around my waist. I could almost feel the heat coming from her pussy, as she'd only put on a sweatshirt for warmth. I moved over to the bench, stepped over it and sat us both down straddling the bench. I didn't waste any time, as I didn't know how long we'd remain hidden. I reached my hand down between us and then between her legs. She hadn't put on her panties yet and her pussy was already getting wet. She took in a deep breath when my finger made contact with her lips. "I thought I was the one giving, not receiving."

"Well, you should have put your panties back on. Besides, I'm not sure I'm ready to receive anymore yet." My fingers continued to rub her clit. She stood up a little and started to grind her pussy onto my hand. She was pretty lubed up now so I slid two fingers inside her. This caused her to gasp. When I curled my fingers up to find her rough spot, she went crazy. She buried her face on my shoulder and started thrusting her hips faster. I could feel her getting close, so I pulled my fingers out and went back to just kissing her. She pulled her face away and looked at me. Her eyes were glassy with lust. "You're a damn tease, you know that?" She was breathing hard by now. I just went back to kissing her again and then let my fingers move down between us. "You better finish what you've started or you're going to have one sad girl on your hands." I took off my sweatshirt and gave it too her. "Use this to bite down on when you cum. I don't want the whole place coming over here when your done."

I didn't wait for an answer. I lifter her dress up and started to slowly lick her pussy. I purposely avoided her clit and just licked her puffy lips. I grabbed her legs and pushed them back so her knees were almost to her chest. This opened her up nicely and I started to explore her inner folds with my tongue. This was driving her wild and I could hear her muffled moans as she bit into my sweatshirt. It didn't take her long before she was grinding her hips against my face and I finally tongued her clit. This set off another round of moans, thankfully muffled. I adjusted my position a bit and slid a couple of fingers inside of her while I continued to lick her clit. When I curled my fingers up to rub her g-spot, she went nuts and almost kicked me away. It was a good thing the bench was wide enough or she may have rolled onto the ground. Her juice was leaking out of her pussy and down the crack of her ass onto the bench. She had grabbed one leg around her knees to help me out. She was bouncing all over the place by now, so I took my finger away from her g-spot and pulled it out of her pussy. She was so wet, it actually made a popping noise. She started to say something so I gave her clit a big suck. This set her off to some more moaning. I moved my finger down her pussy towards her ass, dragging some of her juice with it. I kept giving her light licks on her clit and when my finger got to her ass, I slid the finger into the small rosebud. At the same time, I gave her clit another big suck. Thank goodness for the sweatshirt, because I get the feeling she would have screamed loud enough to drown out the music.

I started to wiggle the finger in her ass and her whole body was moving now. I continued my assault on her clit and now I could tell she was really close. I was finger fucking her ass and her hips were gyrating like crazy by now. I pulled my tongue away from her clit and my finger out of her ass and she scooted to get them back. This time, I jammed two fingers into her ass and she almost sat straight up and I again thanked the sweatshirt. I went back to licking her pussy again and then moved my other hand in for the kill. This time, when I pulled my fingers out of her ass, I added a third and slid them inside her. This time it was tougher going, but at the same time, I slid two fingers into her pussy, curled them up and rubbed her rough patch. Just as I did that, my fingers in her ass slid in and I licked her clit hard. She was done and came all over my fingers and face. Her back arched and I almost thought she'd break in half. Then her whole body just went completely limp and she slumped back onto the bench. Her pussy was was still spasming around my fingers. After a few moments, I moved away and covered her up. I slid close to her head. Her eyes were open, but she definitely wasn't seeing anything and she was breathing like she'd run a marathon. I just sat there and rubbed her hair till she became coherent again. When she was finally able again, she sat up and handed me back my sweatshirt.

"Your an ass, you know that?" But she said that with a smile. "What made you stick your fingers in my ass? I've never had a guy do that to me."

"I saw you playing with your ass in the office and I just guessed it was something you might like. When you didn't stop me, I decided to see how far you would let me go. I guess you liked it"

"I was on the edge when you had one finger back there. Three almost killed me and then when you touched my g-spot and sucked my clit, I felt my whole body explode."

We just sat there for a few minutes till she recovered enough to walk back. We stopped and got some food so that nobody would think anything strange and made it back to our site. Kaitlyn was lying under her blanket sleeping, so Cheryl and I quietly slid in next to her. Her eyes opened briefly and she smiled at us, then closed her eyes again and fell asleep.

A few minutes later, Jack slid over next to Cheryl and tried to squeeze under the blanket. There wasn't much room and I certainly wasn't going to help him by taking some from Kaitlyn. He made idle chatter and Cheryl politely answered him. I leaned back against my pack and tried not to listen. Kaitlyn stirred a bit, then slid closer to me and put her head on my chest. Her eyes were still closed and I just stroked her hair. For a moment it sounded like she was purring. I felt the blanket slide closer to Jack and I saw it move off of Kaitlyn. I looked over at him and he was trying to snuggle closer to Cheryl. "Hey Jack, lay off the blanket. It's Kaitlyn's and she's sleeping right now."

"Oh, looking out for your girl? How sweet." His voice was dripping with sarcasm, but I didn't really care. I just pulled the blanket so that Kaitlyn was covered again. He tried to get even closer to Cheryl. "How about sharing some of that with me?"  

"Get the fuck away from me you creep. First, you're married. Second, even if you weren't married I wouldn't have anything to do with you. Now move." 

"Fuck off you tease. I see the way you're dressed you little slut. Looking to get some this weekend? Come on, I'll give you some." SLAP. Cheryl just smacked the shit out of him. I moved quick and stepped between them, hauling Jack to his feet. His breath smelled of alcohol and I realized he was drunk as hell. He tried to push me aside, but couldn't even budge me. Then he cocked his fist back and took a swing. I heard Kaitlyn scream, but I easily blocked the clumsy punch, grabbed his arm, turned him around and walked him away from the crowd. Sean, Al, Brad and Dan were all walking behind me as I shoved Jack away from everyone. Being several inches taller gave me great leverage and Jack was walking on his tiptoes. 

By this point, security had been alerted and were walking towards us. When they reached us, they took both me and Jack and started to lead us away. I tried to explain, but all they said was we'd talk about it back at the station. But then the girls stepped up and started to talk to the officers. 

"Please, he didn't do anything. It was all that guy." Kaitlyn said. Cheryl added, "he was just protecting me. He kept him from punching me and was just moving him away. Please don't take John."

The officers just kept pushing us along till we were outside the crowd. When we had some space they turned to the girls. "OK, explain what happened." So the girls did. "We were just sitting on the blanket together with our friends" Cheryl began. "Kaitlyn was sleeping with her head on Johnny and I was sitting on the other side of him. Jack then slid over and started to get too close. I asked him to back off. He said he wanted to share the blanket, but there wasn't enough for four of us. But he pulled it anyway. Johnny told him to back off and pulled the blanket back over Kaitlyn, who was still sleeping. Then Jack whispered to me, 'how about me and you find a private spot and get naked.' I ignored him and then he said 'how about you give me some of that.' I called him a creep and he got angry. He called me a tease and a slut, so I slapped him. That's when Johnny stepped between us and Jack threw a punch at him. Johnny blocked it, grabbed his arm and started walking away. That's when you guys showed up."

Jack had tried to interrupt several times, but the officer stopped him. "Is this true?" he said to Jack. "Not even a little. She was the one hitting on me. I'm married and tried to tell her to back off. She slapped me and I got angry. I admit I threw a punch, but I was just protecting myself."

Nobody said anything. I think we were all surprised at his story. That's when Kaitlyn piped up. "You're a disgusting pig. You've been trying to get into my pants all weekend, even though you knew I was with John." I was surprised to hear that. I had thought Jack had backed off. "I've been trying to stay away from him, but he just keeps following me."

Cheryl said, "Me too. All weekend long he's been following me around and making crude comments about getting me naked and having his way with me." 

The final nail in Jack's coffin came. Sean said, "It's true officer. He's been harrassing the girls all weekend and Cheryl's story" he pointed towards Cheryl to make sure the officer knew who he was talking about "is the truth. I did see her slap him, but I also heard his comments first. John was just protecting the girls." The other guys nodded their heads as well. They may not have witnessed everything first hand, but they knew about the stuff Jack was saying and doing.

The officers looked at me, then let me go. "OK, you're free to go back. But I'll need your contact info just in case we need to speak with you. When do you leave?"

"Tomorrow, sometime after lunch."

"OK, sorry for the treatment, but we're instructed to move things along. Enjoy the rest of the shows."

"Thank you officer." Jack started to fight, but then just gave up and walked with the officers back to their office.

We all just stood there for a few minutes watching. "Well, that was fun. What the hell really happened?" Sean asked.

"It was exactly what Cheryl said. He got too touchy, then crude. I did smell some alcohol on his breath. He was pretty wasted."

"Well, he still didn't need to act like an ass." Dan said. And Al piped in "I thought he was just joking, but he told me he was going to make a move you Cheryl. I would have warned you if I thought he was serious." He looked seriously upset.

Cheryl just said "Don't worry about it Al. I can handle myself. There was nothing you could have done." Then she looked at me. "Thanks for looking out for me. He did actually scare the pants off me." Nobody could see her face except me and she gave me a wicked smile and then winked. I looked around at everyone. I could tell Cheryl was putting up a brave front and Kaitlyn had a wild look around her eyes. Everyone else looked relieved that it was over. 

"That was quite the move you did back there. Maybe I should take some classes with you." Sean said. Dan and Brad agreed. Then we started to walk back to our spot. I held back a moment and the two girls stopped to wait for me. My heart was racing still. Both girls looked a little concerned and said so. "No, I'm OK. Just my adrenaline pumping."

We walked back to our spot. Kaitlyn had my one hand and this time Cheryl didn't hesitate to take my other. I caught her looking at me every few steps, but she didn't say anything. Kaitlyn broke the silence. "So, did Chery's blowjob feel good?" I stopped which made them stop. "I didn't give him one. He gave me head till I almost exploded instead. Said he didn't think he'd be able to go again so soon."

"Oh really. Starting to get tired?" Both girls laughed at me then. "I bet I know a way to get him going again." With that, she took Cheryl's hand and started walking away from the crowds. I just followed. The main show wouldn't come on for another hour or so. Kaitlyn led Cheryl to the spot where I had just sucked Cheryl to orgasm. Nobody was around and we ducked behind the shrubs. When I got around the other side, I saw them locked at the lips and Cheryl was pushing Kaitlyn's pants off her hips. I'm not much of an adrenaline junkie, but at that moment I finally understood what it was all about. They were both worked up as was I. It didn't take long for me to get to full hardness. Of course I was reduced to just watching as the girls went at each other. Kaitlyn pushed Cheryl back until she was against the bench and Cheryl sat down, pulling Kaitlyn onto her lap. Cheryl's hand was up Kaitlyn's skirt and by the way Kaitlyn was moving, she must have been playing with her pussy. Kaitlyn had her hands under Cheryl's sweatshirt and was squeezing her tits. They were getting more and more worked up and so was I watching them. It wasn't long before I was fully hard now. Cheryl looked over at me and saw my shorts tented. She then lifted Kaitlyn's skirt and I could see her bare ass and gave her a small spank. This girl was kinky, I could tell. This caused Kaitlyn to look over at me too. She told Cheryl to lay back on the bench. When Cheryl did, Kaitlyn lifted Cheryl's skirt to expose her pussy. "Boy Johnny, look how wet she is. I wonder how she tastes." Then she dipped her tongue into Cheryl's pussy, causing Cheryl to moan quietly. "MMMMM, tasty. Is this why you enjoy eating pussy so much?" She dipped her tongue into Cheryl again and kept licking. "Tell me how to make her cum."

I got closer at that. My dick was straining against my short, but I wanted to watch. "Lick her clit with the tip of your tongue and just make circles on it." She did just that and Cheryl started moaning again. I took off my sweatshirt and Cheryl put it over her mouth again. "Now make the circles faster, then change direction." Kaitlyn did as I was told. Her ass was wiggling as well, so I reached down and pulled her skirt up. I reached between her legs and found her pussy was sopping wet. All I did was brush against her clit with the tip of my finger and she grunted into Cheryl's pussy. This must have caused something to happen because Cheryl's hips lifter off the bench and she groaned loudly. I did it again and the same thing happened. A few more times and Kaitlyn just said, "Fuck me now. Take your dick out and just fuck me." So I moved behind her, took my dick out, aimed it at her pussy and slid home. This caused her to let out a low, long moan, which in turn caused Cheryl to groan loudly into my sweatshirt. 

The view was amazing. My dick going in and out of Kaitlyn's pussy, while her face was buried in Cheryl's pussy and watching Cheryl's face as she got tongue fucked by Kaitlyn. Cheryl was staring at me over the sweatshirt. Her eyes had a fevered look to them. I started to shift a little inside Kaitlyn which caused her to moan more, causing Cheryl to moan. I wasn't fucking her hard because I didn't want to hurt her or Cheryl. Then I heard Cheryl say, "Give it to me Kaitlyn. Suck my clit now and make me cum." Kaitlyn must have done what she asked because the next thing I knew, Cheryl was screaming into my sweatshirt and started bucking like a rodeo bronco. I slowed down my fucking of Kaitly to watch. Cheryl was amazing. I noticed that Kaitlyn and wrapped her arms around Cheryl's legs and was still sucking her pussy through Cheryl's orgasm. After what seem hours, Cheryl finally sagged back on the bench and pushed Kaitlyn's head away. Then she just lay there panting. Her pussy was red and swollen, and her juices were just flowing onto the bench. She was breathing heavy and just watching us. 
