 Monday 17 April. Monday was a sort of awkward morning. Bert, Wendy and I arrived in the kitchen around the same time. Rob must have been sleeping in but that was fine, we had no commitments until dinner. After the previous day with Bert I felt a bit guilty going to meet anyone else knowing that Wendy spaces play times out and was unlikely to want another play session within the next couple of months, but we had made the commitment and would honour that. Conversation was a little strained with Bert as I think we all wanted to talk about the evening before, but with Rob possibly walking in at any time we avoided it. We sat with our morning cups of tea - coffee for Bert's - and were rather quiet. There were no sounds where Rob was sleeping just on the other side of the wall.

Wendy offered to cook omelets for breakfast. 

"Damn, I forgot I used the eggs, we only have two left, I have no bacon and we finished the bread last night. I'll need to duck out and do some shopping."

I volunteered to go, however Wendy asked me to stay with Bert and Rob so she got changed, grabbed the car keys and left. I figured she would be 30 minutes or so and offered Bert another coffee. We turned the TV on and started flicking through channels with still some awkward silence between us. I was trying to think of something to talk about when Rob appeared.

Bert chose to have a shower. I think he felt even more awkward with Rob there. I made Rob a cup of tea and he sat beside me on the couch.

"Your computer was running last night," Rob stated.

"Sorry, hope it didn't keep you awake." 

"No, but when I got undressed last night I bumped your mouse when I placed my clothes on your desk. The screen came to life."

"That is ok, I don't often turn it off."

"Maybe you should when you have visitors."

This is a bit strange I thought to myself, he said it hadn't disturbed him but he is making it sound like I'm rude by leaving a computer turned on. Maybe Rob isn't a morning person.

"I'm sorry if it disturbed you and I'll try to remember to turn it off if anyone ever sleeps there again." 

"Oh, it didn't disturb me but it was impossible to miss the pictures and Wendy's name jumped out at me from the screen," he said matter-of-factly as he looked sideways at me. I think my face had lost all colour and I felt small. When sharing my wife with a like-minded guy I felt on top of the world, but I was shocked that one of our friends - who is as straight-laced as they come - would tell me something like that.

"I gather you two are swingers," Rob continued, "and I reckon I interrupted something last night with Bert. I thought it was strange that Wendy and Bert were both having a shower in the middle of the evening when I got here, and I reckon you had also but it was hard to tell with your short hair."

There was a pause while Rob looked at me, I still didn't know what to say.

"I always thought you two were too much a 'goody two shoes'-type couple to be into anything like that. You are into swinging aren't you?"

Wow, he has some doubt I thought to myself, maybe I can just deny it and we will be saved from this embarrassment. 

"No, Wendy would never go for something like that," I said. "It is just a bit of fantasy we share, nothing serious."

"Really Tony? I read a little of what was on the screen. I'd love to read the whole thing but I felt that I was already seeing too much. What I did see was your username on the site."

"I'm not sure I'm making sense of what you are trying to say," I replied to Rob, it sounds like he knows more than he is letting on.

"Mate, we've chatted online. Maree and I used to play also, well we tried it once and she never really enjoyed it and didn't want to have another go. I envy you still playing; for the last couple of years Maree always has some excuse to avoid anything remotely related to sex."

"We've chatted?" I asked, shocked and curious but still scared at having been found out.

"We did, we had even talked about meeting at some point, but it never eventuated. Sometimes it just used to seem that if we didn't meet people within a few months of chatting that it just fizzled out. I gather from what I saw on the screen though that you are into guys, not only couples?"

"What is your username?" 

"Holden05 was us, I closed the account a couple of years ago."

"I remember that name, but you are a Ford man."

"Yes, Albury is a small place, no-one would think of us as anything to do with Holden."

"So, you're no longer on there?"

"No, I had another account for a little while. I still need sex. After a year of nothing with her and me losing interest in my right hand, I decided it was time for some other arrangement, but after six months on the site and not one response I stopped throwing money away. It was Maree's idea for the single profile account so I had her permission but it got me nowhere. Too many single guys on that site, so I gave up."

"So you have been getting nothing at home and nothing anywhere else?"

"Exactly. My profile said I was married and had wife's permission to meet others. No-one believes that though. I should have sent you guys a message, but you don't advertise for single guys."

"We never used to, but we opened it up a bit a few months ago."

"So you admit you do then. You are a lucky guy, especially having a sexy wife like yours who still likes sex."

"You find Wendy sexy? Maree is model-material and Wendy is way overweight, short and hasn't got big boobs like Maree."

"Any woman that likes sex is sexy but I like Wendy's proportions, she has an aura about her that has always inspired me. More than once I've been doing Maree and imagining it was Wendy."

At that point Wendy returned home with bags from the supermarket.

"Glad to see you are up Rob, where is Bert? Breakfast won't be long."

"Bert went to have a shower, he shouldn't be long now," I said. "I'll go let him know that breakfast isn't far away."

"Don't say anything to Wendy until I come back," I whispered to Rob. I walked down the hallway and found the bathroom door open and Bert's bedroom door open. I stuck my head in and found him reading one of our books. 

Bert looked up and said, "sorry, I couldn't trust myself not to say something that might give things away. Last night was fantastic and I felt like you two really let me in to your lives but today, I don't know you guys well enough to take part in a conversation without stuffing something up for you two."

"Well come and join us, breakfast is cooking. The cat is out of the bag anyway, Rob suspected why you were here and it turns out he and his wife used to play. I stuffed up and left the computer on. He saw the site I was logged into and a reply full of photos and a description of what that guy wanted to do with Wendy and myself."

"You've just talked about this stuff now while I've been down here reading? I'm glad I was down here and not sitting with you, that must have been awkward."

"I was terrified. All good now. Rob has been a friend for years, he won't blab."

We walked back up to the family room and I went to assist with breakfast. The omelets were nearly ready and the bacon was sizzling. I grabbed plates and cutlery and put them on the table. We had juice in the fridge so that also was added to the things on the table. 

"Anyone like sauce with their eggs?" I asked.

"Sure do," replied Rob.

We sat as Wendy placed omelets onto each plate and handed the plates around. I poured a glass of juice for everyone and we passed the plate of toast around, followed by the bacon. There was heaps left over, plenty for seconds.

Rob grabbed the sauce and applied it liberally to his omelet and bacon.

"That is terrible, how can you have sauce on eggs or bacon? There is no accounting for taste," Wendy looked at Rob and shook her head.

Rob looked at me, smiled then turned toward Wendy and said, "You should ask your husband about my tastes."

Wendy quizzically looked at me, "Well?"

Oh bugger I thought, here we go... "Rob likes you, would like to join us sometime for some fun?"

"What, another winery trip?" Wendy asked, referring to the annual winery walkabout trips we had done together in years gone by.

"That would be great" Rob piped up, "but there are other things we could enjoy together I think."

There was silence over the breakfast table. 

"That is a rather open-ended statement, I'm not sure what you mean by that Rob. Why don't you tell us all in detail what you are thinking we were doing?" Wendy was trying to embarrass Rob by asking for details.

"I think that three of you were having sex. I think you probably had a cock in each hand followed by one in your mouth and one in your pussy, maybe you had two in you at the same time. You probably had both nipples sucked at the same time by two different guys and probably sucked a cock into your mouth while one of these guys was eating you out. Am I getting the general gist of what was happening here last night?"

"And what makes you think that?" Wendy said. "Just because we happen to have a single male friend staying with us? What if we had a female friend staying here, would you think the same or what if Bert had a partner here with him, what then? Would you still come to some farcical conclusion?"

"The fact you have a profile on an adult swingers site is a fair giveaway but you also were glowing when you walked in after I arrived last night; you looked like a sex goddess. Bert looked pretty happy and the fact that you had all just showered added more weight to my suspicions."

"So, if we deny it will you believe us? Or are you going to tell Maree, blab it to all our friends and ruin the friendship over something like that?"

"I'll tell Maree, we have no secrets between us but to make things even, Maree and I tried swinging, only with a couple though as she didn't like the idea of single guys, because she thought most were probably cheating on their wives." 

"I never would have thought you and Maree... Wow! She would have had all the guys chasing her with her looks."

"Well, it is all over now, she is off sex totally. She told me to try my luck as a single guy but that didn't work. I told Tony I should have sent you guys a message, it may be awkward given that we've been friends for such a long time, but I've always lusted after you Wendy. I wonder if the reality might be as good as the fantasy?"

Rob looked at the time on his phone and said that his son was due soon, but he was quite jealous of Bert and I being left behind with Wendy and wondering what we might all get up to. He stood and moved around the table, collecting our used plates and took them to the sink. Wendy also went into the kitchen and put the kettle on for coffee. Rob stood talking with Wendy for a couple of moments whilst Bert and I were chatting, so I didn't hear their conversation but Wendy later told me Rob had asked if there was any chance of us inviting him to be part of our circle of special friends. Wendy told him that if Maree really was ok with him playing elsewhere then she would like that to happen, but she needed to talk to Maree. Rob said he will ask Maree to call us sometime.

Rob's phone buzzed with a message from his son, saying he was coming into Wangaratta and asking for one of us to call him and give directions to our house. I made the call and guided his son through the streets to our place; as he pulled up Rob thanked us for the hospitality, apologised for ruining what was probably a very horny night we were having and then left with a promise to have Maree talk to Wendy.

With Rob gone we were now back to just Bert and ourselves. Bert said that he should probably also get going. He seemed much more at ease now that it was just the three of us again.

"I want to say thanks for last night but a plain old 'thanks' doesn't seem anywhere near enough; I don't know what words would work to describe how thankful I am. Anytime you want to share a casserole again please let me know, I'll be here in a flash." Bert stood and looked at us, it was obvious he was thinking of how to continue. 

"What are your rules from here? We spoke about rules for meeting and playing but what now? Am I allowed to call you guys, maybe invite you to my place or a weekend away? I have a timeshare for an apartment in Falls Creek. Three double rooms and a private sauna and spa. I use it for a week every winter and another week in summer every year, I think you guys would love it there. Am I getting too carried away? Do you think you will even want to see me again?"

Wendy took the lead on the conversation this time, "Of course we want you to visit again, don't we Tony? You can call any time you want and if you wish to invite us somewhere that sounds nice, but we don't go out and have sex with others every weekend, so best to give us some notice so we can space things out a bit. And Falls Creek, that sounds fabulous, imagine how naughty we could be for a week there if all beds were filled?" 

"If you want to come to Falls Creek I'll text you my next booking date, first week in July I think but I'll confirm that. I don't know about all beds being filled though. I only know you guys and I'm not sure I want to invite people I don't know."

"Three of us would be great, but if we introduce you to others who share similar interests then you have more opportunity for some fun times like we had last night, and you might think they are worthy of inviting up there also. If you would like to meet others like us?"

"I think I would," came Bert's hesitant reply. "But I would like to keep you as 'special' friends. Does that scare you?"

"That sounds nice, special friends it is. Nothing scary about that."

There was a pause and a comfortable silence for a few moments before Wendy continued. "Before you go, could you do something for me Bert?"

"I'll try, depends what it is I guess," Bert replied.

Wendy reached out and took his hand, "I want to try something that we talked about last night, can you spare half-an-hour?" Looking at me she said, "I need both of you." She started leading us toward the bedroom. I knew she would only be taking us down here if she was wanting more fun and my cock started to harden at the thought.

"You two have had plenty of recovery time thanks to Rob's visit, and one of the fantasies from last night has been playing on my mind." 

We walked into our bedroom, Wendy turned to Rob and immediately started undressing him. "Remember what we were saying to each other last night when I was on top of you just before Rob arrived?" she asked Bert. "I want to try it. I'm not as horny as when you first arrived yesterday but I want to try it and I want you to be the one. We've never done it before..."

"You're talking about the DP aren't you?" Bert checked with her.

"Correct," she said as the last of his clothes came off. She stood and told Bert to undress her while she reached out to me and started undressing me. "You two think you can cope with trying that out? Think you can both fit in my pussy?"

"I doubt it but I'd love to try. You felt rather tight to me when it was only me in you, do you think two of us can fit inside you at once?" Bert asked. 

I noticed he was already sporting a good erection and I had my doubts about it being a successful experiment as well. The thought of watching him fucking Wendy again gave my cock a boost. Wendy stood and I pulled her toward me for a kiss. 

"Mmmmm. I like kissing you," Wendy purred at me. "Come here and keep doing that. Bert, do you want to kiss me too? You can kiss my other lips if you like, get me nice and wet before the two of you put your cocks in my pussy." 

We spent 10 minutes in that combination with Bert doing his thing while I took care of her upper half, sometimes kissing her, other times licking and nibbling her nipples. Bert got her off twice in close succession and after her second orgasm she decided it was time to move things along. She briefly gave us each a bit of oral but we were both hard so we didn't need much attention to have us ready for our DP attempt.

"OK, who wants to be on the bottom?" Wendy asked. 

Bert and I looked at each other. I hadn't thought about what positions we would be in so I had no real preference. Bert shrugged his shoulders at me, indicating he didn't mind either way. I indicated for him to go ahead and lay down. Wendy mounted him and slid her wet pussy down over his erection, until all I could see were his balls pressed up against her. 

I was lost in the moment, it always mesmerises me when I see Wendy with another guy in her. It is an odd mix of feelings, maybe 10 per cent jealousy, 40 per cent voyeur and 50 per cent love for her. 

"You do feel good in me, we definitely need to organise more nights together," she was telling Bert as she moved up and down his shaft. "Are you ready for Tony to join in?"

I moved behind her as she leant forward to tilt her pussy back at me a bit. It was an awesome sight. Her puckered arse hole, with her pussy filled with a wet and shiny cock below. I didn't know how I was going to fit in there with Bert, but for Wendy I would try anything.

I grasped my cock, smeared some lube on the end and tried to push in beside Bert. There was no way I was going to fit and it actually hurt me trying.

"No, put your cock on top of Bert's then push his down while you push inwards at the same time" Wendy said. How does she know what to do I wondered. I did as she suggested and just as I thought it wasn't going to work the head of my cock suddenly popped in to her vagina. Wow it was tight. Once the head was in I was able to slowly slide the rest of my cock up her until I was most of the way in and then I paused.

"Are you ok, is it hurting you at all?" 

"I'm good. I'm glad neither of you are any bigger than you are, I think I'm at my limit but take it easy and let's see how we go."

I waited to see who was going to move first, then just as I started so did Bert. We both realised the other had started and we both stopped. Bert pointed at me so I started slowly thrusting. After a few strokes Bert joined in and we seemed to be working well together. Wendy was moaning, I knew these were sounds of pleasure. By this time we had slowly worked up to a faster pace and while it wasn't a hard-and-fast pounding, it was probably as fast as we could go in such a position.

"Oh man, you should see her face," Bert said to me. "She is in heaven."

"I feel stuffed, so full but it feels oh so good," Wendy said. "I can feel an orgasm building up already. Too soon for you guys am I?"

The thought of her cumming like this made my cock twitch and listening to Bert tell Wendy that he was already holding back brought me to the brink.

"I might beat both of you," I said. "I'm cumming now."

I might have beat both to the finish line, but I was probably about two seconds ahead of Wendy and she was only a second in front of Bert. I held in as deep as I could until it felt like Bert had stopped twitching inside her then pulled back. The sight in front of me was awesome. Cum everywhere.

"Can I clean you up?" Bert asked as he grasped Wendy's hips and started to try and move her up so that her pussy was over his mouth.

"I'm not in the mood for that now. I just wanted to try both of you in me, I wasn't sure it would work but it did and was beautiful. I'm satisfied now." 

Bert had stopped trying to move Wendy to his face, but Wendy moved herself off his cock which was on the verge of slipping out of her and kneeled over Bert's chest. 

"You can have a last look but no more touching. Save that for the next time you visit," she told him as she proceeded to crawl along his body and over his face until she reached a point where she had to swing her right leg over him so that she could get off the bed. Just as she lifted her leg a blob of cum fell from her, swinging like a pendulum from her pussy as it stretched out before it fell and landed right on Bert's nose. 
