 Authors note: Thank you Zammee for the excellent editing help. If there are any authors out there that would like a honest opinion of their work please contact him. As always, any errors after his editing are purely my fault for going back and "touching" things up.

*******************

Isn't life fun, me and my baby girl have a blast. We enjoy traveling, love it! She is a foodie and I am happy with wings, she runs half marathons and I enjoy watching her bounce. But at the end of the day we both love sex, we have a great and exciting sex life and occasionally we invite someone special into our fun and games. As most swingers know finding a second male to play with as a couple can be EXTREMLY frustrating and laborious process.

But every once in a while her and I throw past experiences and common sense out the door and go on a meet and greet hoping for that one gem.

Would you like to read about that rare shining gem, ok then start scrolling. 

This is a 100% true story about a meet and greet with a guy we met on AFF. It usually takes us months of exchanged e-mails to narrow down to a select few then we arrange meet and greets at various locations (baseball games, restaurants, actual swinging clubs etc). Neither one of us are in a rush and the swinging stuff whether full swap, soft swap or even soft swing is just a thing we do once or twice a year.

Now I am never nervous at these events, after all why would I be? I am not the one on display here. Granted my sexy girl has nothing to worry about ,however she is still a female and females tend to worry about most things in life ESPECIALLY their body image no matter how perfect. 

I could tell by the way that Nicole was acting that night that she was nervous, but she needn't be. She was dressed in a spaghetti strapped blue cocktail dress with some type of shelf bra (don't ask me what it is). It's hard for her to hide her cleavage in her conservative work suits it was impossible in a cocktail dress. Her hair was thick and dark, her nails a matching oyster blue. Her shoes were open toed heels with some sparkly bedazzled look going on, I think she said they were "coach heels" (huh doesn't coach just make purses, whatever I barely ever notice her feet anyway). Also her toenails were painted to match. How do I know you ask, well she always I mean ALWAYS gets a pedicure before any of these meet and greets. "Just in case" she always says. It gives her more confidence to know she has pretty toes and feet. I never stand in the way of any confidence building exercises in women, makes them sexier. 

We arrive a tad early at the restaurant (my pet peeve) and are pleasantly surprised when Brian (our third) is already there. Score one for him I think.

Now Brian is exactly like his photos (again another pleasant surprise, and no don't ask how bad they get) and I can tell he is really nervous also.

So I make the introductions and immediately order cocktails to calm everyone's nerves (plus who doesn't want to get their hot chic drunk). 

We sit in a booth, it's the male-female-male seating agenda (I know I know readers not very subtle but I do think it's important to start planting the symbolic seeds early in a meet and greet)a nice quite booth at the back of this restaurant. After all this conversation will/could range from the generic "how long have you lived in Virginia" to the sex soaked "do you like cumming on a woman's face". 

Everyone hits it off spectacularly, we laugh and joke, swap swinging horror stories and share the erotic successes. Now at this point I have been given no clue as to Nicole's intentions. I have seen her enjoy a meet and greet before only not to be attracted by him sexually. All of which is completely alien to myself as I am a typical dude and would fuck Barbara Bush if she showed up on my meet and greet.

So when Brian excused himself for a bathroom break I leaned in and said "soooo, whatcha think" to which she replied "I like him, he is funny and sexy" "yea, defiantly" "I want to make out with him".

Ok readers "make out with him" is exactly what it sounds like in real life swinging. For us anyway. What it means is that after dinner I will suggest that Brian accompany us to our SUV already parked in a dark corner of the lot (Hey preparation is everything) for a good night kiss.

Nothing more and nothing less.

Here is a quick side story, Nicole once found a guy that made her pussy just tingle in anticipation during drinks at a meet and greet and wanted to fuck him badly on the spot (or in this case take him back to our king-side bed that night). We walked back to the SUV and during a brief, I am talking like first kiss brief connection she turned to me and through her eyes called it all off. I was shocked and when we were alone I asked her what changed so fast. Her reply "when he went in for a kiss he pinched my nipple, HARD" "I couldn't believe he was so forward and he did it uninvited". There you go guys, he went too far too fast and ruined a sure thing, let the husband/BF lead the way, and it makes the women feel safer. And swinging is all about keeping the women safe, happy and comfortable.

So Brian comes back from the bathroom, we chat for a few more minutes, pay the bill and then start heading out. Now at this point Brian has no idea what we want and naturally we have no idea if he will accept out invitation. Since I am the one in charge (see above) I ask him "hey you want to come over to our SUV, Nicole would like to make out with us for a little bit"

His response was a rapid "I would love that"

So we walk over to our SUV, and now the butterflies are starting to flutter a bit for me and I am in like Flynn no matter what the outcome. I know Nicole is going crazy and I can only imagine what's going through Brian's head.

We walk around to the passenger side door and Nicole throws her stuff on the front seat turns around and looks up at me. Mmmmmmm mmmmmmm mmmmm I love to kiss makes me hard like a friggin teenager especially with her fantastic body pressed up to mine. So she and I exchange a few soft delicate lips on soft lips kisses.

We separate and then she turns to Brian, now I have seen this turn awkward also folks. But Brian was smooth and natural and they both let their lips touch in a very sensual exchange.

Nicole switched from partner to partner a couple more times, each time it was just as sexy.

I knew now through our unspoken communication that she was enjoying this and would like to get into the SUV for a bit more of a private make out session. Honestly you would be surprised at people's reaction to a women switching between two dudes kissing in public, to many gawkers and lookie loos. 

I open the door to the SUV and beckon Nicole in first followed by Brian. I then close the door and scoot to the other side and hop in. Yup you guessed it reader male-female-male, smart guy aren't I.

Immediately we picked up right where we left off just outside.

Nicole leaned into me for a soft kiss then turning to Brian she sought out the same attention. I was looking at the back of her head almost wishing I could see into her thoughts. You see these adventures go as far as she wants them to go.

As a typical man I would have us constantly fucking our way through our travels, and while most of you wouldn't be opposed to that per say, well women tend to be a bit more selective. So I have found that before we chase away any chance we would have of not only maintaining a healthy swinging relationship with a wonderful partner we should always, ALWAYS let the women set the pace of each encounter.

Nicole turned back to me, her lips slightly opening and her mouth moist from her fresh kiss. I gently placed my finger under her chin and tilted up to meet my mouth as we shared another moment. I felt the tip of her tender tongue tentatively touch my lips, it was inquisitive and seeking an opening both figuratively and physically. I welcomed that experimental touch and understood what it meant. With just that simple touch Nicole wanted this to be more than a backseat make-out session, she wanted to play.

I love when my beautiful girl wants to play.

She broke our grip and turned again to the married man sharing this moment with us. I could almost see the second she slipped her delicate tongue into his mouth from the way his body reacted. One second it was a soft make-out session the next, a door way creaked slightly open, and the other side of the doorway is a journey any red blooded man wants to take.

Remember dear readers I did tell you she is a ball buster. She loves to toy with a guy mentally, challenge him to think quick on his feet and to give as good as he gets from her. She loves to flirt and doesn't shy away from dirty sex talk with a complete stranger. No matter how quick witted you are by the end of the conversation you just want to grab this sexy busty brunette who has unmercifully busted your balls for the last 20 minutes and find the nearest flat surface and bend her over and fuck the shit out of her. Then when you're done, leave her like that and walk away from her mumbling "bust my balls will you, well fucking take that you dick tease". Trust me I have seen that same look dozens of times on men from all over the world and all I can do is smile because I actually get to exact my revenge when she gets going on me. 

Brian was cool, oh so very cool he did the perfect thing and waited for my lead. 

Nicole broke the heated embrace and turned back to me, her pupils were nice and dark.

Instead of kissing her I placed my hand on her neck and gently pushed her back with her head tilted back against the rear seat. She was very docile and submissive, another excellent signal.

With her throat bare I gently bit and kissed her exposed neck working my way around to her ear, while my hand moved slowly back and forth on her thigh. Brian needing no further invitation moved in on "his" side. At this point Nicole was in girl heaven with two men kissing and biting her very sensitive neck and running their hands along her thighs. 

At this point I knew I had the green light to go further. And while some of the men on here would scoff and say something like "ha, she would do whatever I told her to" or some variation thereof. Then swinging is just not for you. To be a successful swinging couple correctly interpreting unspoken communication whereas it's a look or subtle touch or moan means as much as the pre swing voluminous communication does. Get the unspoken stuff wrong and bang, she goes from hot and horny to dry in seconds. Push it further and you might as well enjoy this encounter because undoubtedly it will be your last. There is absolutely nothing sexier in this world then when a woman you love turns over her vulnerabilities and insecurities to you and says "I love you I trust you, lets fuck as if we are being paid to"

Ok let's get back to the backseat....

I pulled my hand away from her inviting thigh and went straight for the buttons on her sexy blue dress. Now why did I go for the buttons right away and not get some quality time with the girls through material. Ugh I hate, HATE material between me and skin, it's the worst feeling in the world. So I wanted skin.

I incredibly, managed to get most of Nicole's buttons undone while whispering in her ear about how fucking sexy she was and how hard she made me by being a good slut. 

Somehow between the time we first climbed into the back seat and now Nicole had managed to unhook her bra. Jesus women are so far ahead of us cavemen it's scary.

My hand slid into her dress and immediately I felt her bra fall away from the two most perfect breasts in the world, at 34DDD/F she is a genetic marvel. 

Because Brian is a guy and naturally posses naked boob radar he stopped kissing her neck and quickly pulled down her dress and unhooked bra. His hand was no match for just one soft full globe, its heft and perfect weight fills one hand easily. Hell I am no small guy at 6' 1" and two of my hands still have generous amounts of boob flesh left over to suck and kiss on.

But that wasn't going to stop Brian from holding and touching each square inch of feminine wonder.

Since Nicole is my sexy partner I kinda sometimes know what she enjoys and when she enjoys it. So sliding my free hand around the back of the SUV seat I grabbed a nice handful of hair and with my other hand I grasped her sensitive pink nipple between thumb and forefinger and pulled back on her hair and rolled her nipple while whispering "mmmmm baby girl you are being so bad tonight, we are going to fuck you so hard".

To which her reply was to moan deep in her throat and arch her hips slightly of the seat. Come on now readers your starting to pick up these signals also aren't you.

No red blooded male is satisfied with just touching a naked pair of boobs, when naked boobs are present they need to be kissed and sucked, licked and stroked in fact neither sex can resist that display.

Luckily for Nicole there was two able bodied volunteers in the SUV that were more than willing to enjoy her wonderful man toys.

Brian chose the face to the breast method while I preferred the two handed slightly squeeze suck and gently bite method. I love playing with Nicole's dirty pillows and I never get tired of them, Brian took to her chest like a man dying of thirst also. I can't imagine what it feels like, but it must be wonderful to have two very different style of foreplay at the same time going on, on your body.

Not one to let a perfectly kissable mouth go, I straightened up and pulling her head up straight started kissing Nicole on the mouth while massage her boob. Then when I needed my chest time I went back at her tatas. I and Brian developed a symbiotic routine that never gave Nicole a second to clear her mind even if she wanted to. 

The effect on Nicole was both obvious and direct.

Now baby girl I know you are reading this, so say it with me now, when you came up for air after those 10 or 15 minutes what phrase did you say that let everyone know this was about to be a full on threesome. Come on now sexy say it with me......

"I want to suck"

That's it readers, 4 simple words. Not some fake porno lines like "feed me your big fat 12 inch cocks". Simple, feminine and completely breathless. "I.want.to.suck" 

Now if this was a cheap budget movie we would have our cocks out and she would be blowing us in a second, but it didn't happen that fast. It honestly doesn't happen like that in real life.

Instead me and Brian exchanged glances and we knew she was our little backseat whore to enjoy for the next 30-40 sweaty minutes. There was no rush, no race to get our pants off, just this is a sweet memory lets enjoy it.

Instead I pushed her head back again and said "baby you're going to do more than suck, you're going to get twisted and bent, bitten and sweated on" "now slide your fucking dress off".

So my awesome fuck doll scooted her hips up and slide her dress and panties off and just like that she was completely naked in the back seat of an SUV in the restaurants parking lot, boxed in by two FULLY dressed men. Ahhhh it's good to be a guy sometimes.

Now that Nicole was completely naked I wanted to touch her softness, I needed to find her little sweet spot and just ever so slightly energize her even more.

Sliding my hands up Nicole's thighs I bumped into my across the seat neighbors hands and I smiled knowing that he had the same idea as I, didn't I tell you what a good guy this Brian is.

Sensing my arrival Brian broke away from his manipulations and continued to caress her thigh while my hands slid up towards the holy grail of sex. 

I really enjoy her pussy, I love to kiss it, lick it, fuck it, pound it, stroke it, explore it, taste it, smell it, savor it after a shower or enjoy it after a sweaty workout. She is so so sexy. While the confines of the SUV in the middle of a threesome don't readily lend to some delicious pussy eating (hey don't get mad at me blame the big guy upstairs for your non protruding sexy neither parts like we men have) I can certainly enjoy sliding my finger along her wetness.

Nicole enjoys when I slide my finger into her pussy then trace it back out and up through her soft lips and against her sensitive clit. And since this is what she enjoys hell I am not such a bad guy I can throw her a bone once in a while (bad pun intended there). Plus the closer to the edge you can keep your woman the more willing she is to lose her inhibitions.

Sliding my fingers slowly in and out of Nicole, tracing her sensitive clit with delicate touches was making her moan and arch her hips even more. Brian was thoroughly enjoying his chance at her nipples, licking and sucking each delicate little pink eraser. I know from experience that sucking on her nipples sends a tingle right to her clit. Now match that up with my fingers tracing that clit and Nicole is in overdrive. 

At this point though I thought it unfair to deprive my sexy girl of what she wants, after all the woman wants to suck. So being the gentleman that I am I unbuckled my pants and freed my cock from its fabric prison. Brian seeing what I had done immediately took his cue and also pulled his cock free. Nicole though was not taking the opportunity afforded her, mainly because her head was still back against the headrest and her eyes closed as she enjoyed the waves of pleasure that 4 sets of rough male hands created on her body. So realizing that I needed to rectify that, I did.

Shifting my body I leaned back against the door and using my free hand I grabbed the back of her hair and pulling with just the right amount of pressure I pulled her head up and straight down into my lap in one motion.

That initial complete and total swallowing is one of the greatest pleasure of my sex life. Nicole doesn't play around, she doesn't hand grab and pull back, she swallows. Every.single.inch. it's a simply awesome and fantastic feeling. 

Now, am I like apparently 95% of the men on here with 12-14 inch cocks, nope. I have a nice thick 6 ½ inches. And one day when I inquired to my baby girl "does that work for you" she didn't laugh or smirk she looked at me with those deep green eyes of hers and purred "your cock is fucking perfect for me" and actually shimmied a bit. Just like that in one sentence all typical male insecurities are forever banished and I can now strut around knowing I am perfect.

Now how much can Nicole deep throat, I truthfully have no idea. The honest to god biggest cock we have encountered in our playtime in REAL LIFE was like 8-8 ½ inches and yes she gobbled that thing up also. Now does she need to come up for air, ummmm of course she isn't a dolphin with a blow hole. So I would say that once you get past the gag reflex of any woman and she trusts that you won't choke her to death that length is immaterial. But so so few women can honestly in real life truly deep throat, when you find one that can enjoy the wonderful feelings it brings.

Nicole switched from me, pivoted quickly, and then gave Brian that same deep throat treatment. Watching his head loll back I knew I just had that same blissful expression moments ago.

Looking at Nicole's naked back while she was blowing her new friend I wanted to fuck her so badly.

I quickly stripped off my pants, readjusted myself so that my hips were facing lengthwise now on the bench seat and I grabbed her right hip and pulled up so that she was now on all fours sucking cock. That wonderful pussy was right there face level, so I leaned it and bit down hard on one ass cheek and slapped the other a few times, the sound echoing loudly over her cock sucking concert.

Now for the moment of bliss, I pulled her down onto my cock. I love this moment, just fucking adore it. That split second where you go from open and free to completely confined inside her tight ass pussy. And just like that I was balls deep and inhaling a huge gulp of air I said "god damn it baby you are so fucking tight". 
