 This is the continuation of the previous incident that took place earlier this fall between my wife (Denise), our babysitter (Jen) and myself. To sum the previous story up, my wife and I had went out on the town and when we arrived back home we ended up having a 3-some with our college aged babysitter. They had promised to get together again and go Christmas shopping and then we could all have an evening together when they got back. This is what happened the weekend after Thanksgiving.

After working out the time arrangements the girls decided to go shopping in Kansas City for the day. Then they would come back to our house and we would go out for the evening. I planned a morning of hunting while they were gone and then get some of my "honey-do" list done in the afternoon. They would drop our son off at the grandparents for the night when they left in the morning since I would already be gone hunting.

I left way before sun up and Jen was planning to show up around 8:30. The girls shopped all day, which I found out later was rather a stimulating time, and then they arrived back at our house about 4:30. We all got changed and decided to go to Topeka for dinner, drinks and so-forth. We went out to eat at Applebee's then to a little dance club for a couple hours. The dance club is very modern and no one thinks a second about 2 girls dancing together. The girls would dance for awhile, then I would join them. On the slow songs I would alternate between dancing with my wife and with Jen. How awesome it was to slow dance with two sexy women. There was a lot of grinding and butt grabbing with each one. I was in a constant state or arousal when dancing with them. Each of them took advantage of it and would brush my cock with their hands while we were dancing. Between dances we would sit around together usually with Jen sitting in the middle so we could feel her up under the table. My wife and I had her panties soaked by the time we left the dance club.

On the drive home the girls sat in the back of our mid-sized Pontiac. Being a little tipsy they sat close to one another and had their own giggle session. As soon as I got into the car, I adjusted the rear-view mirror so that I could keep an eye on the action in the back seat that I knew was going to happen on the 30 minute drive back home. I did not have to wait for long. On the way out of town, I had to stop by for a pop from a local 7-11 and as I walked out of the store I noticed that they each had their hands on each others thighs as they chatted. As we started to drive I looked back and saw that they had started kissing each other passionately. Lord knows what the others drivers thought as we passed their cars. All I was concerned about was getting them home into our house so the "fireworks" could begin.

They continued their onslaught of each other as we continued home. I was beginning to hear the soft moans coming from the back seat as I drove. I did not have the interior light on so it was difficult to see everything. However, I saw them as they layed down in the seat and began to make out; kissing and groping each other. As I drove it was all I could do to watch the road. I was content with rubbing my cock and watching brief glimpses of the action.

Finally we arrived home and when I parked the car and turned on the dome light I was finally able to get a good glimpse of what I was missing. Both of them had ruffled hair and had the shirts pulled up with their tits hanging out. As soon as we were inside we hit the shower to refresh ourselves and get ready for a night of exotic adventures. The shower was so refreshing. We took turns soaping each other so that each person was personally washed off by the other two. We would all kiss each other at the same time and explore each other with our hands. Eventually we had to get out and dry off. From there we headed straight to the bedroom to continue the nights activities.

Since we were planning on making this a very special evening, we lit some candles, threw on some soft music and turned on some soft/sexual music. Denise and I laid Jen on the bed and we placed ourselves on both sides of her. Together we started to kiss and caress her naked body. Licking her smooth skin, sharing kisses together with her. We passionately kissed her our hands exploring her delicate young body. Eventually we started the trip down her body, each of us taking her nipples into our mouths and and sucking and playing with them. Our hands made their way down across her belly to delicately stroke her mound. Our mouths were not far behind. We kissed our way together down her body. We gave her pussy soft kisses and licks as we passed it. Jen had her back arched and was ready to literally be eaten alive. We continued down her legs until we reached her feet, where we proceeded to suck and kiss her feet. She was squirming so much it was all we could do to keep them in our mouths. Soon we kissed back up her legs. My wife made the choice to stay below while I continued up Jen's body.

I felt Jen's legs spread as my wife began to lick her pussy. I continued to kiss her mouth and rub her breasts as my wife ate her for all she was worth. I stole a quick kiss from my wife and tasted Jen's succulent juices on her lips. I kneeled by Jen's head and let her suck my cock as I watched my wife gobble her up. My wife had Jen's legs spread wide and had her face buried in her. Occasionally she would raise up and and flick her tongue across Jen's clit. As Jen was sucking my cock she was moaning and letting out little screams that were muffled because of the amount of cock she had in her mouth. I reached down and used my fingers to expose her clit to Denise. Denise started to pay close attention to Jen's clit. I had a great view of her tongue flicking back and forth across it. Finally Jen's body straightened out and her legs started quivering as she had her first orgasm.

As my wife rose up from between Jen's legs, her face was covered in juices. She crawled up Jen's body and together they started to both suck on my engorged cock. Jen's head slid down as she licked my balls and Denise sucked and stroked me. Not wanting to blow it already I moved down over my wife and started to eat Jen out myself. Since my wife was on-top of Jen it allowed me access to both of them. I started off licking Jen's pussy but soon found myself alternating between Jen and my wife. As I was doing this, those two were having a make-out session of their lives. There bodies were writhing all over each other, I could hear them kissing. I moved back and forth between fingering one and eating the other. Finally, since this was suck a golden opportunity that I could not pass up, I crawled up on my knees. I always like to have my wife first, so I inserted myself into her and started to fuck her. As I continued to fuck her, she looked back over her shoulder and told me not forget our houseguest.

With that, I withdrew from my wife and placed my cock at the entrance to Jen's pussy. It is always a great thrill when you first fuck a new pussy. Even though I absolutely love the way my wife feels, just having the newness wrapped around you is a thrill in itself. I slowly entered Jen all the way until I could feel my balls slap against her ass. I started to thrust in and out of her. You could hear Jen moan as she kissed Denise. Finally, Denise rose up and turned around facing me while squatting over Jen's little face. As I fucked Jen, I could either kiss my wife or watch as that young college co-ed ate my wife's pussy out. Eventually, we rolled around until Jen was on her knees and I was fucking her from behind and she was eating out Denise. I could see Denise's face as Jen ate her out, I could tell she was on the verge of having an orgasm. I could look down between mine and Jen's body and see as I fucked her, her pussy lips wrap around my cock as it pumped in and out of her.

We then switched position so Jen and my wife could both be on top of me. Jen continued to ride my cock and my wife planted her pussy on my face. In this position, it allowed them to kiss and fondle each other. I licked my wife's pussy and ass until my face was soaked. Meanwhile, Jen was riding like a cowgirl in a rodeo. She was bouncing up and down on my cock and swirling her hips like a washer. I warned the girls that I was getting ready to cum. My wife got off my face and went around behind Jen. I could now feel Denise's tongue licking us as we fucked. Jen leaned down and we kissed and Denise licked us both. Finally I could not hold back and started to explode inside of Jen. After the first couple explosions, Denise pulled my cock free and shoved it in her mouth, taking the rest of my load there. After she briefly cleaned my up, I could feel her face working its way into Jen's pussy. Licking the cum that was dripping out of her.

Eventually, Denise came back up to us and we all shared a passionate 3-some kiss. The evening was not over and we ended up slowing down and just exploring each others body. It finally came to a close after the girls gave me the best double blow-job of my life. 

We are planning a little weekend retreat around Spring Break. Hopefully I will have another story then.