 This is a continuation of the relationship that my wife (Denise) and I have developed with our occasional babysitter Jen. With Jen busy with college we do not get to see her near as much as we would like but on certain times we do get the opportunity to get together. Denise has a couple of times been with Jen by herself and it is always a joy to hear about the escapades that they have. 

Just recently, Denise went to a conference where Jen goes to school. Since it was a Friday/Saturday conference we thought it would be wise for Denise to stay down with Jen overnight instead of wasting gas driving back and forth for such a short time. Of course the girls were all for the overnighter. Since I was not there, I can give the full details. I can only relate what Denise told me when she got back home on that Saturday evening.

When Denise got home Saturday evening, we got her unpacked and relaxed with a few drinks. Of course I missed her and had to have a little snuggle time on the couch. After we got the kid to bed, she started to tell me of the time that she had spent with Jen. After the first part of the conference ended on Friday, she immediately we over to Jen's off-campus apartment that she shares with another girl. The girl had went back home for the weekend so they had it all to themselves. Denise said that as soon as they greeted and she sat her bags down her they had their first kiss. After getting her stuff put away they decided to have a quick shower together and get freshened up for the evening. She said of course the shower with great, both of them taking their time and soaping and washing each other off. After the shower and after a little more playtime they got dressed and headed out to a little bar & grill called Coaches that was within walking distance from Jen's apartment. Denise said that during supper that there was alot of "hidden" flirting and said that the played "footsy" under the table. She said they stayed there and ate and then sat at the bar and had some glasses of wine until about 8 or so. Then they headed back to Jen's apartment to watch TV and unwind for the evening.

Once they got back to the apartment Denise said they changed into some more comfortable clothes and poured some more wine. Denise said that she wore her little light blue tank top outfit and said that Jen just wore a pair of boxers and a t-shirt. After changing they went to the living room, lit some candles and made a little place on the floor out of pillows and blankets. Denise said that they watched TV for awhile then decided to turn on some music and give each other massages. She said that the combination of wine, music and the smell burning incents put her into a extremely sensual and horny mood. Each girl took turns massaging the other, switching back and forth so that each of them could get maximum pleasure. I can only imagine how the massage session must have looked. Denise said that when it was over, both of them were so hot that it was incrediable. They ended up then laying down and began to kiss each other passionately. Denise described the kissing like the feelings that you get when you make out with someone for the first time. She said that they started slow with soft passionate kisses and gradually moved to extremely hard deep, hard kissing with their bodies rubbing against each other and their hands flying all over. She said what made it even more erotic was the massage oil that was still on their bodies. She said, the hotter they got, the more slippery they became. As things progressed she said, they had there breasts rubbing together along with their bald pussies that each of them had shaved earlier in the shower.

Things really got going when Denise was on top of Jen. Jen kissed her way under Denise's body until she reached her pussy. Denise said she started to ride Jen's face and just let her lick as she wanted. Eventually she said the she started to really get into Jen's tongue. As Jen continued to eat her, Denise started to grind onto her face. She said the one real thing she remembered was looking down and seeing Jen's young college face devouring her pussy. At that point she remembered reaching down and holding her lips open for Jen to lick her clit. When Jen left her clit and started to tongue fuck her pussy, she began to rub her clit. At some point, she said that she had her first real orgasm of the evening..

Then she remembered getting off of Jen's face and laying down next to her kissing her and tasting the juices originating from Jen's lips. At that point, she started licking her way down Jen's body until she was positioned between her legs. She said she ate Jen until she was bouncing off of the floor. At one point she said she Jen had her legs wrapped behind her elbows which offered her a smorgasbourg to eat. Denise said she licked her and sucked on her clit until she was screaming into a pillow. At one point she said she remembered having 3 fingers in Jen while she tongued her ass.

As Jen was reaching the point of no return, Denise said she slid up Jen's body until she had her legs up around Jen's waist and had her scissored around the crotch. At that point she said that they started to grind against each other. They continued on and on until Jen finally came in a screaming orgasm.

After that, Denise said they relaxed awhile, drank some wine and just layed on the floor kissing and stroking each others body. She doesn't remember how long they layed there but she said that the feelings were awesome and unforgettable. Eventually she said that they made it back to Jen's bedroom and they started once again kissing wildly on the bed. The wine had really taken effect on both of them and she said she was so incrediably horny again. From kissing, Jen licked down Denise's body until she was licking her pussy. Denise said she was so sensitive and turned-on already that it was incrediable. She remembers Jen starting softly and progressing until her legs were up over Jen's shoulders and Jen was devouring her. Jen's face was covered with juices. Finally, she said what brought her to the breaking point was when Jen was sucking and licking her clit while at the same time she was fingering her g-spot and playing with her ass with her little finger. It was at that point that she said she just exploded and started to tremble uncontrollably. She was begging Jen to stop but she just kept going until Denise forced herself on-top of her and started feasting on her body.

Denise said that she ate and licked Jen for all she was worth. She said that when she was done with her there wasn't a place on Jen's body that was not licked. What really blew Jen away Denise said was when she made Jen get on her hands and knees while she ate her and fingered from behind. Denise said that she licked and kissed her ass while one hand was fingering her pussy and rubbing her clit while the other hand was playing with her nipples. She says the last thing she remembers was Jen screaming and them falling together on the bed. 

The next morning she woke up, they kissed and played awhile then took a nice hot shower together before she had to leave for the last part of her conference.

Summer time is just around the corner so hopefully we all 3 can get together again and I can personally watch these two go at it some more, of course I will join in as needed.