 Introduction: My wife and I are what I would refer to as "soft core" swingers. We do not belong to any swinging group we just prefer just to meet singles or couples, get to know them and then see what occurs. We do not think that belonging to a swinging club is bad, it is just not our thing. We like to be a little more secretive and stay to ourselves when we play. Since we have been playing with other people, we have been with a couple different couples along with some single females as well as some single males. We do not "play" all the time, maybe 5-6 times a year or so.

My wife (Denise) and I are both in our early 30's and live in Eastern Kansas where she works in the health field profession and I teach and coach at a high school. Although we are getting older we still consider ourselves an attractive, fun loving couple that likes to go out and get a little naughty sometimes. My wife is a true blond, 5'6, 140#, 34c breasts with super sensitive nipples and a smoothly shaven pussy. She has her labia pierced as well as one of her nipples. She is bi-sexual with the right women and had her first experience late in her high school years and then experienced more when she got into college. She also had her first interracial experience in college. I, myself, am about 6'0, 235#, shaved head with a gotee. I am deeply into sports and although I have bit of a beer gut, I am not fat by any means. I am not overly hung but I do have a respectable cock that is almost 7 1/2 inches long when super erect. The best part of my cock according to my wife is the girth of my cock along with the large head which when excited gets the size of a large plum. My cock's circumfernce is a little over 7 inches.

The story you are about to read is an actual event that happened earlier this March when my wife decided to travel back to our old college town and spend the weekend just relaxing, hanging out and shopping. I started this story soon after it happened and have finally had time to finish it.

Story

We pulled our truck off of I-35 and pulled into the hotel on the outskirts of Emporia. It was a little after 7 pm by the time we arrived. We quickly checked-in, unloaded the truck and headed off to our room. I had a suprise for my wife waiting in room. All I had told her was that I had reserved a room but I failed to mention that our room had its own personal hot tub in it. When she walked into the room and saw the hot tub, she turned and looked at me and gave me a sexy, evil grin before stating that this was going to be a very interesting weekend.

The first night was just nice and relaxing. We went to eat at a local bar & grill called Coach's, had a few drinks and some supper. While eating, Denise was able to keep things very interesting. We had dressed casual with me wearing a pair of khaki's and a dress shirt and Denise wearing a relatively short black skirt and top that was very flimsy on top, over her top she wore a little sweater jacket. The drive took only a couple minutes and soon we were being seated in the crowded restaurant. It is not a fancy place but very well kept and the people that go there are usually middle to upper class and very good looking. The waitresses looked like they were all college age and so incrediably sexy in their tight shorts and tops. We sat down at a booth across from one another and soon was greeted by our waitress who was as cute as a bug. Her breasts looked so perky in her top and when she walked away after taking our drink orders I could not help but marvel at her tight ass packed so perfect in her shorts. Denise told me to put my eyes back in my sockets and we settled into some flirtatious conversations with each other. People were seated all around us and there was a table behind me that had a two couples seated at it. As we talked I saw Denise keep glancing back over my shoulder. I asked her what she was looking at and she said "Nothing!" but kept a smirk on her face when she said that. Denise then headed off to the restroom.

When she returned she took off her jacket before she sat down and reached across the table offering me her hand. In her hand she had stuffed her panties and told me to stuff them in my pocket before anyone sees. I also noticed that she failed to wear a bar and you could see her nipples were rock hard under her top. In addition, the top was so loose around neck line that whenever she leaned forward you could see all the way down to her nipples. She then leaned across the table and whispered what she was looking at earlier. She said that she kept catching the guys at the table behind me trying to catch glimpses up her skirt under the table so she decided to give them a little treat. As we chatted she would inform me of whether or not they were looking. Finally she looked at me like we were just talking and said that one of them nearly choked when he saw up her skirt. I told Denise to keep teasing them and have some fun. Soon our little waitress rolled around and asked if we needed another drink and wanted to order. Denise was leaning slightly forward looking at her menu and I knew the waitress had to have a perfect view down her top. As Denise was deciding what to get I looked up and caught the waitress with her eyes glued to Denise's chest. When the waitress turned to take my order she looked me in the eyes and knew that she had been busted big time. Her face turned beet red as I smiled at her and gave her my selection. Denise followed me up and even went so far as to wink at the waitress after she ordered.

After the waitress left I told Denise that I had caught the waitress looking down her top. Denise giggled and said that she would not mind looking down the waitresses top either. She then confirmed that the gentlemen were still glancing in her direction and that she was making sure they had a good view. Our drinks showed up a couple minutes later but instead of our sexy, little waitress bringing them, it was one of the guy bartenders. He said that the waitress was busy and so he decided to bring them over instead. We knew what was going on, the waitress had probably told him about Denise and the way you could see down her top, because almost the whole time he was there his eyes were trying to get a peek down her top. We thanked him for bringing them and he left the table with Denise's eyes now glued to his ass as he walked away.

It was not long that our food arrived. We ate and Denise continued driving the two guys crazy at the table behind me. At one point, one of them walked past our table to the restroom. After he walked by, Denise said that she had watched him glance down her top and that she had even noticed a large, prominant bulge in the front of his slacks. We had a few good comments about the guy and then went back to eating. The rest of our dining time was pretty much the same, with Denise flirting with the waitress as well as the guys. We finally left and headed back to the hotel for a little fun in the hot tub.

Back at the hotel we had a nice quiet evening with a little wild sex thrown in. We quickly settled in the hot tub with some drinks that we had brought along. Our coversations revolved around the guys and the waitress from Coach's earlier in the evening. Eventually we took turns orally pleasuring one another while we took turns sitting on the edge of the hot tub. After that we had a nice, long and hard fuck session in every postion we could think of using the hot tub. Our hot tub session ended with me fucking Denise doggy style while she bent over the edge of the hot tub. I ended up cumming deep inside her pussy and then she dared me to do something we occasionally do. She told me to lay back and at which time she came over and put her pussy above my face. She then grabbed my head and forcefully pulled my face to her pussy making me lick my cum from her pussy while she diddled her clit until she had her final orgasm. After the sex was over we took our showers and then snuggled for the rest of the night watching TV and playing with each other under the covers. Our final session of the night came with me making up an erotic fantasy story about her and some well hung stud while she masturbated. Finally we drifted off to sleep.

The next day we slept in and had a nice continental breakfast from the hotel. Afterwards we headed out for a little shopping and just messing around. Later in the afternoon we headed back, sat in the hot tub and then took a couple hour nap. We had decided to go out drinking and dancing in the evening. We went and grabbed a quick bite to eat from SubWay and then went back to the hotel to change and get ready for the evening. I showered, shaved and changed into a pair of jeans, t-shirt and ball cap. However, Denise was dressed a bit more daring than I was. Coming out of the bathroom for the last time, she was looking delicious. Denise was dressed in a tight pair of black pants that zippered up the back with a cherry red, long sleeve, see thru blouse. She had left her blouse unbutton to expose just the smallest bit of her bra between her breasts. It was about 9 o'clock so after downing a couple drinks we decided to head out to the bars that sit in the downtown part of Emporia.

The bars were not as packed as we expected them to be. We found out later that Spring Break had just started so most of the students had already left at some time during the weekday's. It actually made it a little better, you could get a beer quick and did not have to wait in any line to get to the bar or for that matter to just get into the bar. We hit a couple of the smaller bars and just went in to survey the scene, play a game of pool and have a couple drinks. Denise was flirtatious as ever playing pool and making sure that when she shot the cue ball that she would bend over pushing her ass out and letting her blouse drop down so any person could see down her shirt. At around 10:30 we decided to head next door to a bar that we both used to go to ALOT when we were in college. The bar is called Bruff's. Downstairs are pool tables, a bar and a place to get something good to eat. Upstairs is another bar along with a dance floor, more pool tables and a large back room to hang out in.

We walked into the downstairs part, grabbed a table and ordered some drinks. As we talked we watched the other people shooting pool. A little later as we sat nursing our drinks and talking in walked a girl that looked very familiar to both of us. As she walked closer we recognized her as Traci. Traci was a girl that had graduated about 3 years earlier from the school that I taught at my high school. We had also hired her a couple times to babysit our son when we went out. She had been on the dance team and had definitely matured since arriving at college. Holy cow did she look hot. Her hair was shoulder length dirty blond and she was wearing a tight black top and a pair of jeans that fit her to perfection. We recognized her before she saw us. As she walked across the floor towards our table we kept our eyes on her until she did a double take when she recognized us. She could not believe that we were there and was so excited to see us. We explained what we were doing in town and then asked why she was still here since it was Spring Break. She explained that she had to work Monday thru Wednesday next week and then was planning on heading home for a few days before classes started back up. We asked if she was out with friends or was waiting for anyone. She said that her roommate and already left to go home that day and that she had just come out to have a beer and too see who else was out and about. Denise said that she was more than welcome to sit with us if she wanted. Traci agreed and took a seat with us at the table.

I went and retrieved a couple more beers and brought them back. We caught up about everything that had happened since that last time we had seen each other. Traci kept referring to us as Mr. and Mrs. and we told her that she did not have to do that anymore. After another round of drinks we decided to head upstairs to the dance part of the bar. The music was very loud as we went up the stairs. We were able to find a booth to sit at. Denise and Traci sat on one side and myself on the other. Since I was the DD I started drinking water. Denise told Traci to have a good time and that we would make sure she made it home safely. I went and got the girls another couple beers along with a couple "blow job" shots. When Denise starts to get a little drunk she starts to get "handsy" when she is talking to someone. She and Traci were talking up a storm and their side of the table and Denise was touching Traci's arms as that talked. My imagination was going over the top while I watched the two women on the other side of the table. Denise finally blurted out that they want to go dance. I am not much of a dancer but I of course agreed knowing that I would be dancing with two very hot women. Both girls were feeling the effects of the drinks by then as we meandered onto the dance floor. The music was kinda some hip-hop dance music and soon the two girls were twisting, turning and gyrating to the sounds exiting the speakers. The dance floor is not too big so there was not alot of room to dance except close together in a group. We kinda all danced in a circle with each of us bumping and grinding into the other. The best part was watching Denise and Traci dancing with each other. As the dancing progressed we goofed around and would dance sandwiched together. Each had their opportunity to be in the middle of the group. I could not help but to let my hands slyly wander over their bodies as we danced and I could feel the blood flowing into my cock.

The music slowed down and Denise announced that she was heading off to the ladies room and urged Traci and I to continue dancing. Denise left to the restroom and Traci and I started to dance to the slow song. As we danced Traci and I chatted about how good it was to see each other again and how proud I was of her to be successfully getting thru college and was happy to see she had grown into such an attractive woman.. I also told her thanks for hanging out with Denise and I and that we were having a great time and that I hoped she was too. She said she was having a great time and really enjoyed seeing Denise and I again. She commented on how sexy Denise keeps herself and said that she hopes that she can still have as much fun as Denise and I do when she gets married. I kinda flirted with her and told her that "Denise and I have alot of fun together and we still have the attitude of living life to its fullest and just enjoy things as they come." My hands were wrapped around Traci's low back and I let my fingers hang over onto her ass. It was then that I felt Traci putting pressure with her crotch onto my leg and I am sure that she felt my cock pressing against her stomach. As the song ended we separated and I let my hand softly go down across her ass. Traci kinda just turned around and smiled back at me as she took my hand and guided me back to the booth where Denise was just arriving back too.

Traci said that the needed to use the little girls room so Denise and I sat down and waited for Traci's return. Denise asked if I enjoyed dancing with Traci and I of course said yes. She then started to quickly tell me that Traci had been flirting with her all night. She said that it had started when we were in to booth. She said that Traci had kept her leg pressed up against hers the whole time and that she had even felt Traci rubbing her foot up against the calf of her leg. Denise then said what confirmed it was when we were dancing and Traci kept "accidently" touching her ass and at one point when Traci was dancing with her from behind she had let her hands fall to the side of her breasts and had ran her fingers along side them. I asked Denise what she did when she felt Traci do that and she said that she just gently reached back behind her and rubbed her ass letting her know that she liked what she was doing. Denise and I both decided to go for it and planned on asking Traci to come back to the hotel with us and sit in the hot tub and have some more drinks. Of course we also desired a little bit more than that.

When Traci returned to the table she slid in next to Denise and asked Denise if she was ready for another drink. Denise then told Traci that she had an idea of going back to the hotel and continue drinking in our hot tub. As Denise asked her this she had put her hand onto Traci's arm and gently stroked it. Traci looked at me, then at Denise and then back at me before smiling sexily and saying that she would love too. Being the sober one, I told Traci that we would drive her over to her apartment and she could grab her swimming suit or whatever she wanted to wear in the hot tub. With that we left Bruff's and headed to Traci's apartment which sat only a few blocks from the hotel.

On our way to the apartment both girls were giddy and as I glanced over I could see they were sitting there holding hands. Both girls went into the apartment as I went up to the nearby Kwik Shop and grabbed some snacks and pop to mix with. I was gone maybe 10 minutes and when I pulled back into the parking lot, they were not outside yet. I waited another 5 minutes before they finally emerged walking with their arms around each other and with Traci carrying a bag. Denise slid in first and reached across and grabbed my cock. When I asked what had taken so long, they both just giggled and Traci replied they were just freshening up. Finally we were off to the hotel and the hot tub.

Once in the room, Denise and I went to change in the bathroom while Traci changed out there. In the bathroom as we changed I asked Denise what had actually taken them so long. She then proceeded to explain to me that as soon as they got into Traci's apartment that Traci stepped in front of her and then started to kiss her. Denise said that they kissed for eternity and rubbed each other thru their clothes. Denise said that neither of them wanted to stop but decided to continue the fun later on. Denise also said she briefly explained to Traci about how open we sometimes are and made her promise to keep this to herself. Of course Traci agreed and told Denise about how she had just recently learned how much fun playing with another woman could be. Traci said that just a couple weeks before she had went to KSU to visit a female friend of hers and that while there they had been drinking wine all evening watching movies when her friend put the moves on her and they ended up going down on each other until the wee hours of morning. We then left the bathroom and found Traci waiting for us already in the hot tub wearing a light blue bikini that had an always wet look to it. Denise told Traci to stand up and show us her suit. She did and she looked totally awesome. Her breasts looked incrediable and when she showed us her ass my jaw just about dropped threw the floor. My first thought was of how hot it was going to be if I got to fuck her doggie style with her ass upward in the air.

Denise and I slipped into the hot tub with Traci. The hot tub was a 3-4 person one so no matter where you sat you were always in relatively close proximity to the person on either side of you. Denise and Traci were sitting beside each other and I was sitting more or less across from them. Denise and I had discussed in the bathroom that we did not want to waste alot of time just sitting and talking since it was already getting late and I told her how I wanted to sit back and watch her seduce Traci. It did not take long once we were in the hot tub to see that Denise already was putting the moves on her. Denise must have been playing with Traci under the water because as we casually talked Traci would occasionally let out a soft giggle and a moan. Denise then asked Traci if she would like for her to rub her shoulders for a little bit and help her releave some tension. Traci then moved over to a position leaning back into Denise's lap and chest. With the hot tub being so small I had to slide over a little to give Traci room to stretch her legs out.
