 "Have you checked the comments on the last pictures we uploaded on the Web site?" Pamela asked addressing Robert and Vanessa.

It was Saturday and they were just finishing lunch at Robert and Vanessa's house. They'd eaten out in the back yard and it had been more like a picnic. Pamela had fixed pastrami and roast-beef sandwiches and they had spread a blanket under a tree in the backyard. The sandwiches were accompanied by a potato salad and a bottle of red merlot. It was a hot day so the four of them had shed their tops and were just enjoying a glass of wine as they talked. Pamela was lying down on the blanket, his head on Robert's lap and he was stroking her hair absently. Vanessa was snuggled close to Edward.

"We saw the pictures and read some of the comments, but why do you ask?"

"Well, there were a few comments requesting another video. Especially from those who've watched the set where I appeared with Van and made the connection between our postings and Van's. A few commented I should post a hot masturbation video, like the one you guys posted last week."

"Well, I can shoot one any time you want." Robert said tweaking one of Pamela's nipples.

"Actually, I think I have a better idea." Pamela said.

The other three looked at her expectantly.

"Well, since both Van and I have been fucked by the two of you," Pamela went on, "I thought you guys deserve to make love to the two of us at the same time. And the other one can shoot the video, then Bob, you can do your editing magic and we can post those videos."

"Oh, you sure are a wicked girl." Vanessa said, "What do you guys say, can you handle the two of us?"

"I sure as hell can try." Edward said. "Well, shall we do it now?"

"Oh you dirty..." Pamela said.

"I just know we're gonna love this, right Bob?" Edward asked rhetorically.

"Let me go get the camera." Robert said getting up, "better still, why don't we go inside and use the new lighting equipment I used for our last video? I think we'll get much better results like that."

They all headed into the house and in no time Robert had set up the lights as the other three moved the furniture in the living room around.

"Don't you think we should start with some more clothes on?" Vanessa asked.

"And who's gonna be the first lucky guy?" Pamela added.

"Well, since we're at our place and Ed is the guest I'll let him go first." Robert said, "Why don't you take them to our bedroom and I'm sure you'll find something that you and Pam can wear and some slacks and a shirt of mine that Ed can wear while I finish with the lights here."

A few minutes later Robert had everything ready as the other three returned from the bedroom. Edward was wearing a pair of tan slacks and a shirt while Vanessa and Pamela had put on summer dresses. Vanessa's buttoned down the front and Pamela's was one with thin straps holding the dress up.

Robert looked at them and assumed a director's role. "OK, let's start with Ed and Van on the couch making out and you'll join them later Pam."

Edward and Vanessa sat on the couch and they began kissing as Robert started taping them.

Edward began caressing Vanessa's legs raising the skirt of her dress almost all the way to her waist as they went on kissing. His hand slid beneath her skirt and he touched her pussy briefly making Vanessa moan. He then undid the buttons on her dress exposing one breast and fondling it. Vanessa undid the buttons on his shirt and after running her hands over his chest bent forward to bite his nipples.

"OK, Pam," Robert said, "Go ahead and join them, take off Ed's shirt and both of you lick his nipples; then you can take it from there."

Pamela walked into the scene and sat at Edward's other side as Vanessa continued kissing one of his nipples and Edward fondled her breast. Pamela pulled his head to her and they engaged in a long French kiss. Edward's hand disappeared under her dress and Pamela emitted a muffled moan without breaking the kiss. When she finally did she licked her way down to his other nipple after taking his shirt off.

Vanessa kissed him again slipping her tongue into his mouth. Then she straightened out and pulled her dress over her head, she wasn't wearing anything under it. She then placed her breasts in front of his face and Edward sucked one of her nipples into his mouth and slid his hand between her legs. Meanwhile Pamela had undone the button on his trousers and lowering the zipper she pulled his hard cock out stroking it as she kissed his neck. Edward turned to her without taking his hand away from of Vanessa pussy and kissed his wife.

Pamela lowered the top of her dress and Edward sucked her nipples while she kept stroking his cock. Vanessa lowered her hand to fondle his balls and pressed her breasts to his back. Then she knelt on the floor and pulled Edward's pants off. Pamela had taken her hand off his cock to remove her dress and Vanessa encircled it with her fingers and sticking out her tongue she licked the head and as Robert made a close up she sucked it into her mouth. Pamela got down on the floor and ran her tongue along the bottom of his shaft as Vanessa continued sucking the head. The women looked at each other and then pulling away they stuck out their tongues and ran them from the base of Edward's cock to the tip, one on each side, and then down to the base again.

Robert was making an extreme close up so he could use this scene for the video they planned to post; only their mouths, tongues, noses and part of their cheeks were visible. They repeated their motions a couple of times and on the third time, as they reached the head their tongues met. Instead of pulling away, the girl's tongues dueled with each other for a few seconds. Then Pamela pulled Edward's cock to her and took it in her mouth, sliding her head down until all his cock disappeared down her throat. She pulled back and Vanessa went down on him until she too had his cock all the way into her throat.

Edward was in seventh heaven as both women continued to deep throat him alternately. His hips began bucking as he panted heavily. "Oh god, I won't be able to hold on much longer if you keep that up."

His comments only made Vanessa and Pamela increase their efforts. Instead of deep trhoating him now one of them would suck on the upper part of his cock while the other one sucked his balls and then they would reverse positions, kissing each other briefly every time they switched.

Vanessa was very excited by the kisses, after their tongues met for the first time her juices began flowing, and every time their lips met, a shiver would rise from her pussy all over her body. Pamela was likewise turned on, she wanted to really kiss Vanessa; just the thought of it got her juices flowing too. But now she had to keep her attention on Edward since she knew he was rapidly approaching the point of no return.

Edward finally could hold it no longer and shot his first load into his wife's mouth. Pamela pulled away quickly and moved Edward's cock toward Vanessa but before she could take into her mouth, his second blast landed on her face. She quickly encircled her lips around the head and his third spurt went all the way into her throat. Pamela had not swallowed Edward's cum; she wanted to give it to Vanessa in a French kiss. She opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue showing Vanessa her husband's semen. Vanessa got the hint and didn't swallow the next spurt. She pulled her mouth away and the rest of Edward's cum slid out of the head and spilled down his shaft.

Vanessa and Pamela then kissed, a deep French kiss, their tongues going in and out of each other's mouths, Edward's semen mixed with their saliva passing from mouth to mouth. Then they went back down on Edward's cock, each one licking the cum from one side of his penis and then kissing again to exchange it between them. They repeated this until Edward's cock was completely clean and then Pamela licked the semen from Vanessa's face. Both girls had their hands between their legs and were moaning as they went on kissing each other until they both came too.

Robert had caught it all on film and was extremely aroused, his cock threatening to rip his shorts. He felt his cock had never been so hard. The lesbian scenes he had seen on some videos had always excited him, but actually seeing his wife and her best friend kissing so passionately was the most erotic sight he had ever seen.

Edward was equally aroused and thinking along the same lines as Robert was. His cock should have gone limp after such a blow job, the girls had milked every ounce of cum out of it, but instead it had remained half hard. He pulled both women to him and kissed one first and then the other, tasting his semen on their mouths. Then somehow they got into a three way French kiss, their tongues darting in and out of each other's mouths. His hands went to the girls' pussies and they started moaning as they felt another rush of pleasure shooting through their bodies. They both grabbed Edward's cock and stroked it back to a full erection as they climaxed again. 

The trio on the couch had completely forgotten Robert, immersed in the pleasure they were giving each other.

Vanessa was the first one to break away from the seemingly never ending three-way kiss and she pushed Edward back on the couch, she straddled his hips and sunk down on his cock still in the after throes of her orgasm. She began riding it slowly, savoring the filling of his cock filling her vagina, her juices flowing freely all around it.

Pamela placed herself and lowered her cunt over Edward's face; he licked her clit a few times and then slid his tongue into her pussy. He was fucking Vanessa with his cock and his wife with his tongue.

Both girls were bobbing up and down their breasts bouncing enticingly. Vanessa reached out to fondle Pamela's breasts and right away Pamela began pinching and pulling Vanessa's nipples as they got into another long French kiss. After they had another mild orgasm, they switched positions and as Edward began fucking Vanessa's pussy with his tongue, Pamela began sucking on Vanessa's nipples.

They went on like that for a while, the girls sucking the other one's nipples alternately until Pamela came again. Vanessa had gone into her continuous-orgasm mode as wave after wave of pleasure traveled all over her body. When Pamela motioned for them to switch positions again she moved as in a trance. She lowered herself on Edward's cock and pumped it a few times before pulling up until his cock slid out of her vagina. She then grabbed his cock and placed it at her anus. She pressed against the head until her anus relaxed and she sank down on it until her ass cheeks hit his thighs emitting a long moan.

Pamela kissed Vanessa again as Edward began pumping his cock in and out of her ass. Then Vanessa threw her body back feeling Edward's cock filling her entrails completely. Pamela saw Vanessa's glistening pussy, the lips puffed and parted, exposing her inner flesh and the bud of her clit and she bent forward inserting a couple of fingers into her vagina, sucking her clit between her lips. Vanessa screamed in pleasure as she felt a new orgasm building up deep inside her. Then she exploded. It felt to her as if molten lava was flowing out of her deeper inner most core. Her juices drenched Pamela's tongue. She did all she could to swallow all of it as her own orgasm wracked her body but the juice just kept flowing out of Vanessa's vagina drenching Edward's belly. Pamela's juices also flowed out of her all over Edward's face.

The girl's moans and screams of pleasure brought Edward to the edge and he began cumming in Vanessa's rectum. He was surprised as his cock kept spurting load after load of cum into her.

* * *

It took the three of them several minutes to extricate themselves from the tangle of arms and legs, to regain their breaths and to return to reality.

Pamela was the first one to notice Robert, who was still taping the untangling scene. He had removed his underwear and his cock was standing at full attention seemingly ready to burst. Pamela crawled up to him and wrapped her lips around his cock.

"You better stop that or I'll cum right now and I won't be able to perform in the video." Robert said pushing her head gently away.

"Then we better get started with the video." Pamela answered wantonly.

Edward got up from the couch and took the camera from Robert, "How are we going to do this one?" he asked no one in particular.

"I don't know." Pamela answered pushing Robert toward the couch, "but I say we skip the preliminaries and get right down to it." Turning to Robert and grabbing his cock, she added, "I just need this inside me."

Vanessa was sitting at one end of the couch, still breathing heavily, a dreamy expression on her face. Robert laid his head on her lap and stretched on the sofa. Pamela got between Robert's legs and resumed sucking his cock as she fingered her pussy. Robert reached down to fondle one of her tits with one hand and he reached up to fondle one of Vanessa's breasts. Pamela went on sucking his cock slowly and tenderly. She didn't want Robert cumming in his mouth just yet; she just wanted to arouse him even more.

Vanessa was happily satiated and she didn't know if she could cum any more today but she wanted to participate in the trio with her husband. She was stroking his hair gently as he continued playing with her nipples. She watched as Pamela sucked his cock gently and began to feel aroused again so when Pamela pulled her head away from her husband's penis and asked if she wanted some before slid it into her she adjusted her position and took her husbands cock in her mouth. She sucked on the head gently, just sliding her lips and tongue softly around it feeling it pulsating under her touch.

Robert was pleasantly surprised by the change in how it felt having his cock sucked first by one woman and then the other one. He had had his cock sucked by both of them before, but never one right after the other one. Now he noticed the differences between the ways each one of them sucked him. Even though both of them had sucked him gently, Pamela's tongue was rougher and she used her teeth more often to slightly scrape his cock. In contrast Vanessa's mouth felt warmer, the touch of her tongue and lips lighter.

Vanessa had knelt at his side and now Robert slid his head between her legs her pussy right above his eyes. Her outer labia were still puffy and swollen with blood. The inner lips hanging outside like butterfly wings, the skin inside them rosy and still glistening with her juices. The tip of her clit, red as a miniature berry, was sticking out of its protecting folds. He parted her inner lips further to gaze deep at her inner core.

Pamela pulled Vanessa away from Robert's cock and kissed her. Vanessa responded to the kiss as Pamela's tongue parted her lips and slid into her mouth. Her arousal growing as her husband began licking her inner labia. Pamela broke the kiss and straddled Robert's hips, she saw that Vanessa had grabbed his cock and was guiding it to the entrance of her love tunnel. Vanessa remained leaning forward and she parted Pamela's outer lips with the tip of her husband's penis. Pamela moaned and Vanessa rubbed the head of Robert's cock along her slit, smacking her clit with it a few times.

Pamela moaned again as she felt the heat in Robert's cock sliding along her slit and hitting against her clit and when she felt it reaching the entrance to her vagina she just sank down on it. Vanessa liked her way up Pamela's belly to her breasts and sucked her nipples for a while just as Robert slid his tongue all the way into her pussy. Pamela was now riding his hard and as she started cumming she threw herself back. Vanessa's head ended up right above Pamela's cunt and she began licking her clit.

Now it was Pamela's turn to wail loudly as wave after wave of her orgasm traveled through her body. Robert felt Pamela's inner muscles gripping his cock as in a vise and with a last thrust he erupted inside her. His cock pulsed as he shot jet after jet of cum into her. The pulsing of Robert's cock head inside her and feeling the warm sperm flooding her channel and the feelings in her clit as Vanessa sucked it triggered another orgasm in Pamela.

Vanessa loved the taste of Pamela's juices and when she saw her husband's sperm dripping out around his cock she licked as much of it as she could as a mild orgasm shook her. Pamela pulled herself abruptly away from Robert as she was overwhelmed by the intensity of her orgasm. Vanessa slid her body above her and kissed her tenderly on the mouth. Pamela tasted Robert's semen mixed with her own juices as Vanessa slipped her tongue into her mouth.

Then Vanessa lowered herself to suck Pamela's nipples. This sent shivers through her body and she felt her heat rising again inside her.

"Please suck my pussy," she said in a hoarse voice, "lick it clean."

Vanessa was glad to obey since she wanted to fully taste the Pamela's pussy. She licked her way around her lower belly and around the thick outer labia of her pussy and then plunged her tongue deep into her.

Robert who, like Edward had remained in a state of semi-hardness after cumming now slid his dick into his wife's pussy and began moving in and out of her slowly until he was hard again.

Vanessa was licking avidly the semen and juices from the inside of Pamela's love channel. She was turned on again by the invasion of the taste of another woman on her tongue and the musky odor floating into her nostrils and she started grinding her hips against Robert's thrusts. He started moving faster feeling the urge building inside his wife until she came again. Then knowing she must be really sensitive after so many orgasms he pulled away and began masturbating intending to come on her back. He was extremely excited by the sight of his wife eating her best friend's pussy.

Pamela saw him and told him, "No, come over here, let me suck you, I want you to cum in my mouth."

Robert went to the other end of the couch and presented his cock to Pamela who sucked it into her mouth. He kept watching as Vanessa went on sucking Pamela who was having a succession of mini-orgasms. Finally Robert exploded inside Pamela's mouth and she swallowed all of his cum. Pamela finally had to pull Vanessa away from her pussy.

Vanessa slid up and snuggled up to Pamela and kissed her before both women fell exhausted into sleep.

Robert plopped into an easy chair and Edward put the camera down and went into the kitchen to get a couple of beers. He gave one to Robert and went to the other easy chair. Both men looked at their wives, asleep in each other's arms.

Edward put into words what both men were feeling at that moment, "We sure are lucky to have them as wives."

"And lovers." Robert added.

The end

Author's note: This is the end of A Couple's Voyage into Sexuality. I wish to thank all of those who read it and commented on it. I gratefully thank all of you who took the time to write your comments, both positive and negative. I understand that not everybody will like my stories and to those who didn't, thank you anyway for reading them.

For those who liked the story, Robert, Vanessa, Edward and Pamela's voyage will continue in another story called "Widening the Circle."