 Sarah stopped pumping Tiny's huge cock, placed her hands on his thighs, and said, "Fuck me! Fuck me hard, Sammy! Oh, yeah! Pound that cock entered me! Pull out when you're ready to cum!"

Sammy obeyed, pounding his long, thick cock deep into Sarah's shaved pussy. Sarah shook and shivered as orgasm after orgasm seemed to explode inside her. Her juices flowed out of her stuffed vagina. She gasped in surprise when Sammy pulled out and slapped his dark brown cock down on top of her ass. She sighed in pleasure when she felt hot, thick cum splatter against her back.

"Okay, Tiny, your turn," she said as she took her hands on his thighs and braced them on top of the table.

Tiny skidded off the table and moved around behind Sarah. He gripped his huge cock and aimed it right at her dripping snatch. Sarah bit her lower lip in anticipatory glee when she felt him brushed the head of his cock up and down against her labia. She inhaled sharply when she felt him push forward and start to stretch out her pussy.

"Omigod!" grunted out Sarah as she felt her cunt stretch wider and wider. She was grateful that she had tried out the Tailsplitter before taking on this huge slab of the cock. Tiny was stretching her out to her limits.

"Hold on just a second," gasped out Sarah.

Tiny froze with two-thirds of his huge cock stuffed into Sarah's overstretched vagina. Sarah shuddered through a mini-orgasm and concentrated on relaxing. That was hard to do with what felt like a baseball bat shoved into her cunt. She glanced over just in time to see Natalie laying on her back with her legs held up in the air as a Westville football player pounded her pussy. The sight of it made Sarah's juices flow and she pushed backward, sinking Tiny's huge cock all the way inside her.

"Bravo!" yelled Yolanda, who had stopped her activities to watch Sarah and Tiny. "I wasn't sure you could do it, Coach."

"Oh, God, I've never been so stuffed!" groaned Sarah in both passion and pleasurable pain. She knew Tiny had penetrated her womb and was pushing up on the top of it. "It feels like he's gonna come out of my mouth."

"He might once he starts pounding it into you," stated Yolanda, who signaled for her next boy to come forward. "Are you ready for him?"

"Do it, Tiny!" yelled out Sarah, bracing herself. "Do it!"

Tiny pulled his cock out with a wet, sucking sound until just the head was lodged inside Sarah. He then slowly eased it all the way back into her. Sarah growled frustration, although she did grunt as the head of Tiny's prick pushed into her womb.

"Harder! Faster!" urged Sarah.

Tiny ignored her as he slowly eased his penis in and out of her wet, slick hole. Yolanda had taught him well. Tiny learned from her how to go slow and not force things. He felt Sarah loosen up and relaxed as she became accustomed to his size. Tiny gripped her hips as he began fucking her with faster, stronger strokes.

"OH, FUCK ME!!!" wailed Sarah in intense pleasure.

The four captains had pulled on the bench so they had a front row seat to watch the busty teacher being fucked by the massive cock of a football player, who was almost a decade younger than she was. Sarah gripped the edge of the table tightly with her legs spread apart as Tiny pounded her pussy. Her huge tits rocked and bobbled with each thrust. She already had one orgasm and was building up for a second one as her pussy dripped its juices onto the floor. Everyone in the room could hear her cries of passion.

"Man, this is better than a porno flick," stated Mark, watching Miss Stevens' ass ripple each time Tiny banged into it.

"I wish I could get this on video," stated Joe, who then added, "...but I know...no pictures. I kind of wish Nurse Brown was here."

"Who's Nurse Brown?" asked Mark.

"Our school nurse who gives one helluva physical," answered Tim. "She's as stacked as Miss Stevens is and just as horny. The person I would like to see here is Principal Schwartz."

"The principal!?!" exclaimed Mark and Will together as Joe shot a menacing look at Tim.

"You're not telling me...?" Will started to say.

"No, he's not," replied Joe as calmly as he could. "Principal Schwartz has a killer face, a voluptuous body with basketball-size tits, and a no nonsense, puritanical view of sex. Infractions on school property are dealt with severely."

"So, if she were here...?" Will asked.

Joe shuddered and waved a hand as if to fend off the suggestion. He added, "I'd rather have an atom bomb go off here than see her walk through the door."

"...and you wish to have her here?" asked Mark of Tim.

Tim shrugged and said, "Just a fantasy of mine. She's got a body that won't quit, but Joe's right. We'd all be dead meat if she came here."

A grunt from Sarah made all for them look back over at her. Tiny had grabbed a hold of her ponytail and pulled back on it so that Sarah's neck was stretched upward. He was pounding his large cock into her like there was no tomorrow, and Sarah was hoping herself backwards to meet his thrusts.

"Wow, they're really into it," gasped Will.

"Think he'll pull out in time?" asked Joe.

Tiny let out a loud bellow just before he slammed his hips into Sarah's buttocks and pull back on her ponytail, arching Sarah's back up towards him. Sarah's eyes widened and she inhaled sharply as she grunted back into him. Her whole body began to spasm and shake as Tiny hips flex rhythmically. Sweat dripped off both of them as the intensity of their passion peaked and exploded.

"Nope," stated Will dryly, "but then he usually forgets to. I don't see Coach Stevens complaining."

"She kind of forgets the rules, too," stated Joe.

Tiny pulled his huge cock out of Sarah with a wet, sucking sound. As soon as he was out, rivulets of white come and pussy juice rolled down her legs. With Tiny's help, a shaking Sarah pulled herself onto the table to collapse there, face down, with her legs hanging over the edge. Tiny moved back to stand beside Jeremy.

"Aw, Geez, man! I'm sorry," apologized Tiny to Jeremy.

"Hey, no problem," said Jeremy. "Heat of the moment and all that."

Tiny nodded his head and moved away. Jeremy looked down at his raging hard-on and then at the semi-comatose, quivering woman lying on the table. He sighed deeply and shook his head.

"I think Tiny broke her," stated Jeremy to the four captains.

"You don't know are Miss Stevens," said Joe. "You just have to rev up her libido. Push it in and go to town."

"Uh, isn't that a little like...uh...," stammered Jeremy.

"Look," said Tim, pointing.

They all looked and saw one of Sarah's hands limply waving in a come-on gesture. Jeremy walked over and ran a hand down Sarah's back to her ass. Sarah moaned and her hand gestured more quickly. Jeremy moved behind her and gripped her hips. Lining up is hard prick, he thrust it all the way in with one shove.

Sarah moaned in pleasure. Even though her vagina was full of sperm, and had been stretched out by a massive cock, it involuntarily tightened down around Jeremy's prick. Jeremy grunted in surprised as Sarah's pussy began to squeeze his dick. He began to fuck her with long, smooth strokes. Sarah groaned in passion and pushed herself up to start pumping back against Jeremy's thrusts.

"I think it's time to move on," stated Tim. "I think I'll head back over to Yolanda."

"You going back to Miss Porter?" Joe asked Will.

"No, your Coach Stevens asked one of our guys, John Jones, to look after her," stated Will.

"What?" scoffed Joe. "That puts her off-limits?"

"John has a natural knack of making any woman feel special," stated Will. "I'd rather have fun than try to compete. How about you and I go over and see if Haru is free?"

Natalie was flat on her back with her butt on the edge of the table and her legs held up in the air as her thirteenth guy pounded her pussy. To say Natalie was disappointed was an understatement and she worked hard to keep that emotion off her face.

The group dynamics she'd hoped to study had not materialized. What was worse was the lack of spontaneity and experimentation. Will, who is number one in her group, had put her in the position she was in and the next twelve guys just followed suit. Natalie had orgasm with the first two before she became bored. Not that the guys were not nice, but they just did not pique Natalie's interest.

The guy fucking Natalie was breathing heavily and Natalie could feel his hands, which were gripping her ankles, begin shake. She knew he was close to cumming. Humping her hips, she began to respond to match his thrusts.

That seemed to push him over the edge. With a grunt, he pulled his cock out of Natalie and aimed it at her stomach. He groaned in ecstasy as his climax caused his knees to buckle and a huge spurt of white, hot jism spurted out of the tip of his cock. Natalie smiled up at him as he splattered his cum all over her abdomen and stomach... just like all the others before had.

"Oh,Geez! That was great, Coach!" exclaimed the Friendship student. "Hold on. I'll clean you up."

As he cleaned his jism off her, Natalie looked around I was a little shocked to see that students who had been waiting in line for her at all moved away. There was only one dark-haired guy standing there

"Hi, I'm John," said the boy, helping Natalie to set up. "It looks like you've been stuck in that position forever."

"Thirteen times in a row," quipped Natalie.

"Bummer. What were you looking around for?"

"I came here to help Coach Stevens," stated Natalie.

"That didn't answer my question," said John.

"I was... I was studying the group dynamics of the situation," answered Natalie.

"Ah, but have you taken in the variable of having two teams that are strangers to one another?" asked John. "There is also the artificiality of being placed into a group and then placed into a numerical order within that group. These factors could inhibit the dynamics you are looking for."

"It could be," said Natalie, her eyes sparkling with interest.

"Now is the time to watch," stated John as he moved around behind her. "Look around."

John settled in behind Natalie and she felt his hard cock pressing against the small of her back. She felt his hands caress over her arms and shoulders. She then sighed in contentment as he slid them around over her stomach and upwards to cup her large breasts.

"Look," whispered John in her ear at the same time he squeaked her nipples, causing Natalie to shiver. "Looked over at Haru."

Natalie turned her head and saw the young-looking Indian girl sandwiched between Will and Joe. Will was lying flat on his back with his hard cock stuffed into her vagina, while Joe was on top with this prick shoved balls deep up her ass. Haru's face was a picture of bliss as she rocked to and fro, driving both cocks in and out of her holes. Natalie shivered again as one of John's hands slid down over her stomach.

Natalie looked up when she her one group of guys yelling, "Go! Go! Go! Go!"

"Over there," said John as he slipped two fingers into her wet, dripping pussy. "Chica, Jenny, and Colleen are having a blow-job race."

Natalie looked and saw three groups of five students sitting on separate tables. Each girl had taken one group and was sucking on a cock. Natalie gasped as John's fingers strummed across her clitoris, but she could not take her eyes off the race. Each girl had a different technique.

Chica, who had somehow cleaned all the jizz off that had been spurted on her, and gripped the cock she was sucking on, and seemed to put her whole body into the act. She writhed, and moved up and down the guys leg as she lavished attention to his hard dick. Natalie saw the guy shudder and his hips rise up as he unloaded into Chica's waiting mouth.

Jenny used the mouth and hand technique. Her head bobbed up and down all her boys cock was in her mouth. Her hand was wrapped around the shaft of the penis and pumped in time to her head bobbing. Natalie just caught Jenny's eyes widening and a muffled grunt from her as her cheeks billowed outward. Jenny forced down the baby batter before going into a coughing fit.

"Caught her off guard," commented John. "That'll cost her some time."

Colleen's technique was simple and straightforward. The busty redhead placed her hands on either side of her guy's hips on the table and simply fucked her face up and down on his hard cock. Natalie was a little amazed at the speed and depth that Colleen achieved. The guy began to shudder and gasped loudly. Colleen pushed her face down onto his cock and held it there with her lips sealed around the base as he climaxed. As soon as he stops spurting, she pulled away with a loud slurp, swallowing quickly, and moving on to the next guy in line.

Natalie started breathing heavily as John's fingers on her breasts and pussy raise the level of her passion. She shivered as his fingers caressed over her clit.

"Feeling better?" asked John.

"Much better," said Natalie as she moved off the table and turned around to face him. She looked down at his hard penis. "It appears that you have a problem."

John gave her a little smile and said, "I know of the perfect place."

"Where?" asked Natalie as John scooted off the table and help out a hand to her. "We can't leave here, can we?"

"Groups are done," stated John. "The rest of the time is entirely up to you girls...or, I should say, women. Come on and put on some shoes. I think you'll be pleasantly surprised."

"Just my shoes?" asked Natalie, arching an eyebrow.

"It's only about a hundred yards," said John. "I think we won't freeze."

"Let's go," said Natalie, slipping on her shoes.

Natalie started giggling as John led her out into the cool night air. As they hurried up the road, she could see that he was leading her towards the screened-in pavilion. The pavilion had been winterized with panels placed over the screens. John led her to the double doors and took her inside.

Natalie gasped when she entered the pavilion. She had expected it to be dark and rustic, but was not expecting the strings of light festooning the rafters, nor the blazing fire in the fireplace. In front of the fire were two mattresses covered by a big comforter.

"You did this?" asked Natalie.

"Well, the lights were already here," admitted John. "I started the fire, though."

Natalie did not say another word, but turned and pulled John's head down towards hers. Their mouths met in a passionate kiss and they clung to one another as if they were the last people on earth. After a couple of minutes, they broke apart, both panting heavily with desire. John bent down, picked Natalie up, and carried her over to the makeshift bed.

Kneeling down, he lowered her gently onto the comforter. Natalie did not let go of John and pulled him down for another round of kissing. She could feel her body heat up and her nipples harden in response. The setting was romantic and she had a feeling in the center of her chest that felt like butterfly wings. John pulled back slightly and just lightly touched his lips to hers.

Natalie moaned through the kiss as John reached up to caress her large, sensitive breasts. Jolts of pleasure shot through her rock-hard nipples as his fingers glided over them. She could feel the tension building in her loins and her pussy was becoming very wet.

She slid one hand down his back and around his hip. John grown as she grasped his hard manhood and began to stroke it. He broke the kiss and moved slightly away from her hand. Natalie looked up at his face to see his eyes screwed shut and his jaw muscles twitching.

"I... I can't hold out much longer," gasped John.

"We have all weekend," pointed out Natalie as she spread her legs open.

John moved over between her legs and looked down into her eyes. He then thrust his hips forward, driving his cock all the way into Natalie's hot, wet pussy. Natalie knew she was ready, but the sudden penetration was like a shot of pure ecstasy. She cried out in total pleasure and could not help, but digging her fingernails into John's back to try to force him to go even deeper.

"Fuck me!" gasped out Natalie. "Oh, fuck me hard!"

John took her at her word and began pounding her cunt. Natalie cried out in delight and opened her legs even wider. Her ass bounced up and down and both of them were grunting together with each thrust. The strange thing was that their eyes were locked up on one another. Your flesh like together as essential tension in both of them skyrocketed. Natalie's face clearly show the wonder she was feeling and John's face mirrored hers. Natalie then arched her back upwards.

"I'm gonna...(pant)...I'm gonna...CUUUMMMM!!!!" screamed out Natalie as her orgasm exploded inside of her.

"Me, too," grunted out John as he drove his prick deep into Natalie's vagina

Natalie screamed like a banshee as her legs flew up in the air. Her vagina clamped down around John spurting cock as her body convulsed. John held her tight as she shuddered and shivered through her orgasmic bliss. He started becoming a little dizzy as it seemed that he kept spurting and spurting inside her.

The two of them stayed frozen in that position for several moments. All of a sudden, both of them collapsed limply onto the comforter. John barely had enough strength to roll off to one side so as not laying on top of her as soon as his Dick pulled out of her, white cum and pussy juice began to dribble out.

John and Natalie laid side-by-side, gasping for breath and trying to recover their strength. John turned his head to look at she felt him move and looked over at him. The wonder of what they felt should clearly on their faces. They both broke out in smiles and then laughter.

"That was so good!" said Natalie with a little giggle in her voice.

"I've died and gone to heaven," stated John.

"Really?" asked Natalie, rolling over. Her full, heavy breasts rested against John's stomach

John could not believe it. Looking down at the sexy, busty teacher basking in the afterglow of an intense orgasm, he felt a warmth blossom inside himself, but what was really surprising was a stirring he felt in his loins.

"Truly," he said gently.

Natalie broke out in a wide smile. Her eyes then opened in surprise as she slowly glanced down at the hardening penis that was pressing against her breasts.

"I thought I broke it," said Natalie as she reached down to stroke his cum-slick prick.

"You break it, you bought it," quipped John.

"How about if I fix it?" asked Natalie, just before she lowered her head and sucked on it for several moments. She popped her mouth off it and stated, "I think I fixed it. Now what?"

Natalie found that out when she was on her hands and knees with John fucking her from behind. It ended with both of them having a huge climax. John felt that is very essence was being spurred out of his cock into Natalie's womb. As the peak of their passion subsided, they both collapsed limply onto the mattress. John managed to get the comforter over them before they fell into an exhausted sleep.

John was awakened the next morning by Natalie sucking on his cock. That led to other things and, ultimately, Jenna Natalie spent the entire weekend making love exclusively with each other. Sarah actually had to pry Natalie away Sunday morning so they could leave before everyone else showed up at the campground.

_______________________________

Sarah was in the infirmary helping Cindy decorate by putting up Valentine hearts on the wall. When Sarah returned from the campground, Cindy told her she was so jealous, but did admit that she and Samantha Crowe had hooked up with Principal Eversol for the weekend. She stated that she and the little gymnast had given him the victor's reward. Both women looked up when Natalie came into the room.

"Hi, Natalie," greeted Sarah. She then took a closer look at Natalie's face. "Is something wrong?"
