 "You didn't!" Wendy gasped when Lynn told her about the encounter with Ken, how she had finally cheated on her husband with another man. Of course she'd already cheated on Roger with Wendy, but that was different. That was two horny wives going at it together, not making it with another man. Cheating, yes, but not quite the same.

"I did," Lynn said with the satisfied smile of a cat who's just consumed a big bowl of cream

She went into all the details, describing Ken's cock to Wendy, who, of course, drooled hearing Lynn's description. Lynn told her about everything they did in the back of his van. Wendy got so excited listening to all the scorching details that afterwards the two wives just had to pull down their jeans and panties and have a go at it themselves. 

Lynn saw Ken again, at his apartment this time. And found that he had a nice, big bed for her, as he promised. Their transgressions wouldn’t need to be limited to the back of a van. And boy did the two of them ever have fun on that bed that time, and several more times! Naturally Wendy heard all about these encounters as well

"Maybe you can join the two of us. You know, I've told him all about you, and about us," Lynn said to Wendy one day after she described her latest encounter with Ken, a description which again provoked some serious cunnilingus on the part of the two wives, as well as extensive play with Wendy's newly purchased dildo.

"Join you two?" Wendy said, a little stunned. Wendy had yet to cheat on her husband, Lynn knew, apart from her liaisons with Lynn. But the more Lynn told Wendy about her own transgressions, the more tempted Wendy became, Lynn could clearly see. 

"Yeah, I even asked Ken what he'd think if I brought you over with me some day," Lynn said. "You can imagine his answer."

Wendy smiled. She knew men well enough to guess that this rugged, virile new lover of Lynn's would not pass on Lynn's suggestion to bring another hot slut to their love nest and make it a threesome.

"He loved the idea, right?" Lynn smirked.

"Right," Lynn said. "What do you think? Could you get into something like that?"

There was a long moment of silence, then a big smile on Wendy's face as she took a deep breath.

"What the fuck! You did it, Lynn. It's time for me to stop talking about it and do it too!" Wendy said. "And this way I won't have to go out and find someone and then be disappointed--"

"Yeah, you'll be with me," Lynn said, completing Wendy's thought. "And I guarantee you won't be disappointed by Ken. He's a fantastic lover and I'm sure he can handle the two of us just as easily as he can handle one."

"Oh shit, this is beginning to turn me on, what you're suggesting, Lynn," Wendy said, her eyes sparkling.

"I knew it would," Lynn purred, leaning close, kissing Wendy, sliding a hand up her thigh, between her legs.

"Mmmmmmh," Wendy sighed as they pressed their lips together and Wendy slid her own hand between Lynn's legs. Seconds later their clothes were off and two erotically turbocharged wives were going at it again, tongues buried between warm thighs, reaching for the two treasures.

"What's you favorite number, Wendy?" Lynn teased.

"Sixty-nine!" Wendy enthused as two faces were pressed excitedly against two wet, steaming pussies.

A week later, when both their husbands were once again occupied with their usual Sunday afternoon golf game, Lynn and Wendy headed over to Ken's apartment.

As they ascended the elevator Lynn could see how excited and nervous Wendy was. After all, not only was she finally going to cheat on her husband with another man, but she was going to do it in the unusual context of a threesome with another woman, Lynn.

As they got off the elevator and headed towards Ken's door, Wendy took a deep breath.

Lynn rang the buzzer and Ken opened the door, looking quickly from Lynn to Wendy. Lynn glanced over to see her reaction. Wendy looked very pleased the second she laid eyes on him, as Lynn had expected she would. And Ken tried to suppress a frankly delighted, somewhat wolfish grin as he looked Wendy up and down.

"This is Wendy," Lynn said, making the introduction.

"Hi, I'm Ken," he said, shaking her hand.

They sat down and small talked for a few minutes, knowing full well that this was just an ice-breaking prelude.

"Wendy was so excited about me bringing her here that all day she just couldn't sit still," Lynn said, bringing the conversation to the subject at hand. "So I decided to take her down to the mall and do some shopping until it was time to come over here."

One thing Lynn quickly learned that Ken liked was for her to do a slow striptease for him when she was over at his place. He was one of those men who really got off watching a woman take off her clothes slowly and sensually. And also trying on sexy clothes for him. When Lynn told her, Wendy got really excited hearing this about Ken, saying she wanted to do the same, to strip for him too, and see him get aroused as she disrobed. So they had decided, before coming here, to go do some shopping and to get some sexy garments specifically for Ken's enjoyment, for the pleasure he'd get seeing Wendy put them on and then take them off. Plus, she didn't want to be wearing or be trying on clothes here that she normally wore when she was with her husband. Somehow Wendy liked the idea of coming over with some fresh new clothes, bought specifically for this purpose.

"Wendy said she wanted to get something sexy to wear expressly for you, Ken," Lynn continued.

Wendy blushed as she slapped Lynn playfully.

"You don't have to tell Ken all my secrets, Lynn,"

"We wives don't keep any secrets from Ken," Lynn said, emphasizing the word wives. The fact that they were two married women about to have a fiery little liaison with a handsome man made everything doubly exciting.

"So would you like to see the clothes I bought, Ken?" Wendy asked him. "Maybe I can try them on for you?"

"I'd love to see what you got for yourself, Wendy," Ken said, stretching back on the couch like a leisurely lion.

"Yeah, show him what you got," Lynn said, urging Wendy to proceed.

She opened a shopping bag and pulled out a sexy little cotton tank top.

"I loved that. It looked so good on you," Lynn said to Wendy. "I wonder what Ken will think?"

"Would you like me to try it on, Ken?" she asked, playing the game, letting the skimpy little ribbed tank top hang from her fingertips. "It would be nice to see what a man thought of it on me, and I don't mean my husband either."

Ken, Lynn had quickly learned, somehow was especially excited having an affair with a married woman. He just got off on the fact that the woman he was fucking, who was taking his cock all the way down her throat, was cheating on her husband. When he heard that Lynn's girlfriend was also married he couldn't have been happier, as Lynn had told Wendy. So Wendy knew it was a good idea to keep emphasizing that she was married, that she had a husband.

"Please, by all means, try it on," he said, smiling that wolfish smile of his, enjoying this scenario immensely.

"Okay, but turn around. I'm going to take my sweater off first," Wendy said, starting the charade. Everyone knew this was just a tease, this false modesty.

Ken turned his torso so that he now faced away from the two wives as Wendy looked over at Lynn and took a deep breath. Wendy was so excited that Lynn thought she could actually hear her heart beating. She eyed those massive breasts of Wendy's, exposed momentarily before she put on the halter top, and imagined how Ken would react seeing that top clinging to the huge, soft globes.

"Okay, turn around again now," she told Ken.

The halter top clung spectacularly to her top-heavy figure. With her slim frame and twenty-one inch waist, but her extravagantly oversized breasts, the tank top looked almost obscenely arousing on Wendy. Ken's eyes were riveted that those two massive swellings like a pair of hot rivets clinging to metal.

"What do you think?" Lynn asked her new lover.

"Yeah, what do you think?" Wendy quizzed.

"You look incredible in that," Ken growled softly, his voice quivering with arousal.

"You really think so?" Wendy said, doing a little pirouette and showing off.

"Show him what else you got," Lynn said.

"Oh I got this," she said, taking another item from her shopping bag. "A little leather skirt. Would you like me to try that on for you too?" 

"Yes, please," Ken told her.

Ken again turned around as Wendy took off her jeans to put on the skirt. It was a hot little number made of black leather, soft as a baby's skin, and, like the tank top, it clung spectacularly to Wendy's figure.

"Okay, you can turn around again," Wendy told him.

His eyes were two wide saucers.

"Do you like the skirt too?" she asked, modeling the outfit for Ken.

"Yeah, doesn't it look just fabulous on her," Lynn added, "and it goes great with the top."

"It sure does," Ken said, his eyes caressing Wendy's sexily draped body, no doubt thinking that soon he would see it undraped. He pointed to her shopping bag, still not empty he saw. "What else have you got in there?"

"Oh, would you like me to try these on for you too?" Wendy purred in mock-girlish way, as she took a pair of turquoise bikini panties and a matching half-bra from the bag. "I've always had a thing for sexy imported underwear."

"Sure, why don't you try them on for me," Ken teased.

"How badly do you want to see me in them?" Wendy teased back, getting frankly seductive as Lynn looked on approvingly. Lynn knew this is what Wendy had been waiting for. She'd confessed to Lynn that it had been so long since she had seduced a man, and this, as much as anything, is what excited her about the prospect of their meeting up with Ken like this. After all those years of a dreary marriage, she'd once again have a chance to be a seductress.

"How badly?" he said. "Very, very badly."

"Okay, turn around again then."

Lynn now watched Wendy take off the leather skirt and tank top. Then she put on the new bra, she hadn't been wearing one before. Next she pulled off her panties and put on the matching pair. She looked at Lynn, thrilled, as she changed into her new underwear.

"Okay, here I am," Wendy said as Ken turned around to see Wendy standing there, her hands on her hips, dressed in a little bra that cut in just above the nipples of her awesome breasts, and a pair of panties which were barely more than a G-string. She looked sensationally sexy! She knew it, Lynn knew, and Ken knew it too.

But she thought she'd ask anyway.

"Do you think I look sexy in these?" she asked.

"Yes, you look very sexy," Ken growled softly.

"How sexy did you say?" she asked, turning around, and swaying her trim little buns, which were almost completely exposed.

"Very, very sexy," Ken said, as Wendy turned around and walked towards him. Looking down into his crotch, both Wendy and Lynn could see that Ken was all hard and swollen down there, a state of affairs easily visible since he was wearing a pair of worn and extremely tight jeans, a pair that Lynn liked seeing him wear, thinking they looked very flattering on him, showing off his big bulge to best effect.

"So, seeing my girlfriend in her underwear turns you on, huh Ken?" Lynn said to him, running a hand along his thigh

"Yeah, do I turn you on, Ken?" Wendy asked, standing right over him so her tits were almost in his face, and reaching down uninhibitedly to run a hand over the denim covering his swollen dick. Lynn approved, and so, obviously, did Ken. And it didn't surprise Lynn that once Wendy got into the groove, she'd be as forward as this. After all, that's the way she'd been with Lynn the first time they became intimate, eagerly pulling down her jeans and then her panties so she could get to it.

Wendy looked into Ken's, eyes hers smoldering with lust.

"Maybe seeing me with my underwear off will turn you on even more?" she said, turning her girlfriend. "Lynn?"

Lynn now got behind Wendy and unsnapped her newly purchased brassiere and, as it dropped to the floor, Wendy took hold of Lynn's wrists and brought her hands around to take hold of her breasts.

Ken had quizzed Lynn all about Wendy and she'd told him of the little games the two of them liked to play together when their spouses were off on the golf course. Naturally, he loved hearing that the two of them made it with each other. Most men, Lynn knew, got very excited by the thought of women making love to other women.

As Lynn gently squeezed Wendy's lusciously soft, immense breasts, running her fingers over the stiffened nipples, Wendy reached down to take hold of Ken's zipper, pulling it down and working her hand into his fly, taking out his thick, rigid penis.

"Nice!," she said. "Nice and hard! And big. Just the way Lynn described it to me."

Then Lynn reached down to take hold of the elastic of Wendy's panties, slowly pulling then down over her trim thighs.

Now she stood there, completely naked, Ken's cock in her hand.

"Do you like seeing me all naked, Ken?" she purred.

"What do you think?" he said, glancing down to his cock.

"I think he likes you," Lynn said as Wendy waved her enormous tits in his face as she fondled him. She looked so slender, especially without any clothes on, and her breasts were so huge, that, when she bent over, it sometimes looked like she could lose her balance.

"And now I think it's time for you to undress, Lynn," Wendy said, turning to look at her girlfriend.

"Yes, it is that time, isn't it?" Lynn said as she slowly unbuttoned the beige cashmere sweater she was wearing. Under that she had on a lacy plum-colored brassiere. Lynn had especially 'dressed' for the occasion so that later she could put on a little show undressing, just as Wendy had done.

Then Lynn reached to unzip her skirt and slowly pulled that off as Wendy and Ken watched avidly, Wendy holding on to Ken's cock. Underneath, Lynn she wore a black satin slip. She never wore slips, or even bras. But today she decided she'd really 'dress up.' That way there'd be more of a show to put on when she finally undressed, as she was doing now. Next she sat down on the couch alongside Ken and took off her shoes, showing off her pretty feet, flashing toes freshly topped with glossy red polish. Then, standing up again she wiggled out of her slip. Under that she had on a pair of extremely brief plum-colored panties that matched her bra.

Now she reached back to unsnap her bra, sliding the straps off each shoulder and revealing, ever so provocatively, her breasts. Ken loved her round, firm breasts, but now she had to compete with Wendy's prize-winning pair, and Ken was a big, big fan of women's breasts, she'd learned. But no one knew how to flaunt it quite like Lynn did.

So now as Wendy and Ken both looked on, Lynn wet a finger in her mouth and ran it over both of her nipples, making them stand up crisp and erect. Wendy may have had larger breasts, but no one, Lynn felt sure, could match the etched perfection of her nipples.

Next Lynn grabbed hold of the waistband of her panties and slowly pulled them down over her ass. She was about to casually toss them aside when Wendy grabbed them from her hand, bringing them up to her nose to sniff, then up to Ken's.

"Why, they're damp, Lynn," Wendy said in mock surprise, turning to Ken with a sexy, knowing grin. "She gets so wet, Lynn does."

Ken's eyes were closed as he sniffed, savoring the sweet aroma and the dampness. That first time in the van with Ken, after they were finished, she had given him her damp pair of panties as a memento. And a memento it became, Ken sniffing the panties for days until they finally dried out. And he'd been sniffing them since then. They still smelled good, Ken could testify from the sniff he'd taken of those panties just this morning.

Lynn moved closer to Wendy and Ken, reaching down for Ken's cock. Wendy's hand was already down there, but Ken's stiff dick was big and meaty, and there was plenty for both the wives to handle.

Lynn could see how eager Wendy was to get some of that cock inside her, but earlier they'd decided they would go about all this nice and slow today. On their way here they spoke how first they'd put on a girl-girl sex show for Ken; Lynn had in fact promised him that. They'd let him just watch the two of them get all hot and nasty with each other. That would set him to such a pitch of excitement that when the finally went at him, he'd be searing with pure, raw lust. And it was such lust they both sought from Ken this afternoon.

So now Lynn stood up, removing Wendy's hand from Ken's cock and making her up stand with Lynn.

"Come on up here," Lynn said, pulling Wendy to her. Then they turned and wrapped their arms around each other, bodies pressing close, lips meeting in a soft, passionate kiss as Ken watched closely, tugging away at his rigid pole.

As they hugged and kissed, looking over at Ken, the wives' hands reached down to caress and explore each other's bodies, hands gliding over smooth skin, the roundness of breasts and buttocks, between sleek thighs to feel the feminine essence hidden there.

Lynn now bent her knees, bringing her face lower, her lips drifting down over Wendy's neck and then further down to her breasts. She kissed and licked each huge breast, and then took Wendy's nipples in her mouth one at a time as she held those heavy, full breasts in her hands, relishing their warmth, their soft fullness.

"These two are something else, don't you think, Ken?" Lynn said, turning to him, remembering how mesmerized he had been by the first sight of Wendy's mammoth titd, even when they were concealed by her tank top.

Now Lynn's mouth moved down as she bent even lower, lips and tongue drifting downward over Wendy's stomach. Lynn softly ran her tongue all over Wendy's smooth belly, her slim waist as she reached up with her hands, kneading and squeezing those appealingly soft breasts. Lynn went about all this very slowly, torturing Wendy, feeling her body tremble as she desperately yearned for Lynn's mouth to move even lower. Torturing Ken, too, with this profoundly erotic display of wife-wife arousal and affection.

Finally Lynn's lips were pressed against Wendy's dark luxuriant bush. Lynn had grown very fond of Wendy's thick pubic rug. And when she described it to Ken, after telling him how Wendy was both petite and slender while at the same time extravagantly stacked, that mix of physical features intrigued Ken. He had been dying to get a look at Wendy, Lynn knew. And now here he was doing just that, as Lynn pressed her face's into Wendy's crotch.

Then Lynn pulled away, kissed and licked Wendy's smooth thighs, avoiding her pussy for the moment, though she could sense just how desperately Wendy sought to have Lynn's tongue and lips down there finally. But that Lynn would save for a little later.

Wendy could hardly take it, grabbing Lynn's face and trying to force her mouth lower, but Lynn still avoided that sweet spot of Wendy's, sliding her tongue upwards again, over her taut stomach and her breasts, and back to her lips where they exchanged another breathless kiss.

Ken was breathing hard, the look of eager desperation written on his face almost painful. He was whacking that cock of his so fast it was nearly a blur in his fist.

"Look at Ken," Lynn said, as Wendy turned her head his way. "I think he needs us now."

They dropped down on the couch, on either side of Ken, pressing their warm bodies against him.

Lynn turned to Ken and kissed him as Wendy ran her hand down over his muscled chest and stomach to take hold of his burning cock. His whole body was alive, pulsing with pure, raw lust. Something the two wives both sensed so clearly.
