 After breakfast, I felt more than a little horny, to put it mildly, as did Sherry, and the wink that she gave me indicated plenty of her agenda, if nothing else. I took Brittany by the hand and led her to the kitchen counter, where I parted her cheeks and put some butter on...and in...her asshole as well as on my dick. A few strokes into her bottom with my fingers, and I had her fully opened up for at least the tip of my cock. A few more thrusts, and then I had half my prick in her butt now, much to Brit's evident delight as she moved her hips to take me further inside her. I gripped her ass and hips to drive deeper, which only excited Brit even more as I pounded her booty good and hard now. 

"Oh, God, Master! That's everything that we dreamed of when we thought of this!" Brit confessed as I continued sodomizing her. 

Meanwhile, Sherry had Rich right where she wanted him, too, with her strap-on and thigh harness to pump in and out of his bunghole. He was being pegged rougher by the second, but at least she lubed him up before she started buggering him. Fortunately for Rich, the presence of his prostate, which Sherry soon hit as she bottomed out inside his asshole, was more than enough to get him very warmed up to the idea of having a woman take his butt that way. 

"Oh, damn, that's sexy as hell, watching Sherry peg Rich like that! How does it feel, by the way, to fuck my ass?" Brit asked me, as I reveled in the hot, tight bottom underneath me. 

"It feels every bit as great as it did yesterday, babe. There is a lot of heat and friction there, inside your fine, tight booty. You certainly know how to work it, too," I praised Brit, my nerdy, submissive strawberry-blonde butt-slut. 

Brit blushed just a little as she heard my compliments, now really using her hips to get more of my cock inside her asshole. I had to admit that she was the main attraction of this deal, though Rich was nothing to sneeze at, either. Her smooth, sweet ass was her best feature, though I was partial to her legs as well, not to mention the glasses that she wore and her pixie cut hair-style...they just screamed geek or nerd or both. The more I got to know her, the more convinced I was that this wasn't a superficial image or stereotype...She was obviously the brains of her marriage (though Rich was no idiot himself), and slightly more open-minded than her sensible, but more cautious husband. 

"Should I grow my hair out, so you can pull it while you fuck my ass?" Brit wondered as I plundered her anally. 

"No, baby, I like it how it is. It fits you down to a tee, how nerdy and smart you are," I grinned as I continued to ram her lovely bottom with my stiff dick. 

By now, Sherry had Rich penned pretty good, too. Her strap-on seemed to find new depths in him, or so it sounded as she kept probing him with her plastic prick. He certainly didn't seem to be complaining, judging by his groans and moans of pleasure. Then again, if he was willing to let a man fuck his ass, why would he object to a woman doing it, especially a woman as sexy as Sherry? My ex-girlfriend knew how to maximize the pleasure in a sexual encounter, as she demonstrated by stroking Rich's cock while she pegged him. For my part, I started rubbing Brit's clit while I sodomized her, making it even harder for her to resist cumming during my invasion of her booty. Her moans joined her husband's in getting louder by the second, so much so that I wondered if she would disturb any neighbors sleeping in on a lazy Sunday. 

It wasn't to last, of course. The deeper I drove into Brit's butt, the more she pushed back against me with her hips, and the more I stroked her clit, the wetter she got on each stroke. For Rich, it was even tougher, because his prostate worked against his willpower, and Sherry wasn't playing fair, either. She kept kissing the back of his neck and even biting him a little here or there to add some apparently enjoyable pain to the equation. I could smell Rich's precum as strongly as I smelled the scent of Brit's arousal. 

Finally, of course, Sherry said something guaranteed to get Rich to come, "I think that maybe I should move in after all, so I can bring Sanjay with me into the guest bedroom and we can both be available to fuck the three of you. Imagine getting to have orgies with us while we share a home...Imagine Sanjay sucking your cock or fucking your arse while you lick my cunny or my bum! Imagine getting to plunder another man's wife while someone does that to yours...

"I might even let you knock me up at least once, while Sanjay claims it as his...I shall certainly let Donald do so. Imagine how sexy that would be...maybe you would like to see Donald and Sanjay impregnate your sweet Brittany, too...I think that your fear of it is due to your desire for it. There might be some question with Donald's spawn, but Sanjay's would make it obvious that you let your wife get pregnant to another man." 

Rich lost all self-control then, his load spewing out of his dick to hit the kitchen floor and make a rather large mess. Sherry pulled out of him, removed her thigh harness, and then spread her thighs on the counter, offering him a taste of her Indian pussy. From the way that Rich knelt in his own jizz and licked greedily at my ex-girlfriend's soaking wet slit, he loved everything about this encounter. He didn't even seem to care that he had cum on his knees or that his asshole gaped wide open for the moment due to such a hard pounding. 

I was more than a little aroused myself by this whole exchange, especially as I saw the potential for all kinds of fun in trying to impregnate two other men's wives. I would never want to humiliate the men, of course, especially Rich, who was now one of my lovers, but I liked the idea that I had a decent shot of passing down my genes in such an unconventional way. If Sherry and I arranged it well together, each man would knock up both women at least once each, I imagined...and the more I thought of that, the more stimulated I was, on top of the sheer delight of using Brit's wonderful ass. 

I spilled my load far inside Brittany, even as she squirted on my hand, triggered by something, though I wasn't sure quite what right then. As I withdrew from her now slippery asshole, Brit stood up on her wobbly legs to give me a full-on, tongue-tangling, fluid-swapping soul kiss, her arms wrapped around my waist as she did so. She also grabbed my buns as soon as she came up for air, and then she pulled Rich up just long enough to swap spit with him, too, before pushing his head back down between Sherry's thighs. Finally, she planted a sizzling hot lip lock on Sherry as well, much to their mutual delight. 

"I can't speak for the others, Master, but I'm all for Sherry moving in with us and bringing Sanjay with her. I know that Sherry would never undermine your authority as head of the household, would you, Sherry?" Brit spoke directly to us now. 

"Never! If I moved in, it would be as Donald's third slut-slave, and yes, my arse would be his the same way that yours is. I've changed my mind about this, you see. Yes, I do want to dominate someone, but as long as I have a husband and two fellow sluts to dominate, that should be enough of an outlet for my Domme side. I shan't be Donald's wife, mind you, but I do want to be his girlfriend again...and more importantly, one of his cum sluts. I've found the perfect arrangement for me, one that lets me serve the right bloke permanently, while still getting to have my way with some sluts. 

"How about it, Donald? Or should I say, Master? Shall I be your Top slut, help you keep these other sluts in line? I would obey you and only you, and yes, my wedding vows would be unique for that reason. Sanjay will just have to know his place as my submissive spouse, but he will be well-rewarded for it. What do you say?" Sherry shocked me with her latest proposal. 

"Are you serious? Do you really want the same basic arrangement as them, but as my assistant in topping them? Well, that's a splendid idea, though it will be an adjustment knowing that my girlfriend has a husband. Then again, with two women and a man as my eager and willing playthings, I'm hardly being disadvantaged, am I? It works for me, just as long as everyone knows his or her place. I will not presume, however, that my control over you extends to domination of Sanjay. This would probably defeat the whole purpose of you having a slave hubby, after all. Sanjay's rules will be set by you, though I will expect a certain level of respect for me and my role as head of the household, you know," I declared, as Rich got up from between Sherry's thighs. 

"Well, darling, Sanjay shall show you more than just respect, trust me, Master. He will obey you as if he were obeying me, and if he doesn't like it, he can bloody well leave! Yes, I do want him as my personal pet, and I appreciate that you are thoughtful enough of my need to possess him, body and soul, I shall naturally defer in some obvious matters to your role as head of the household, as you said...and I shall take pleasure in having him serve you to whatever extent pleases me. 

"That even means that if you want to use his mouth or his bum, so be it. They shall be well-used, anyway. If you wish to have Rich use his mouth or arse...or his cock, so be it. If you tell him to fuck Brittany, he'd bloody well better do it! The only expectation is that you respect that he serves me first, as you said. He shall be my slave hubby, after all, as you put it. You have two full-time toys and one...very available one...I appreciate that you're not so selfish as to what claim what is mine. As for them, I can't speak for them in terms of how they want to define their service to you from now on," Sherry assured me with kisses, even as Rich and Brit now knelt next to both of us. 

"Well, I think that...I'd...like us to be more than just slaves to you, Master. Rich and I started this, thinking that we would just have some fun, explore our sexuality a bit, get an easier life, and still remain a traditional couple in all other respects, but something happened that we didn't count on...we grew close to you...and to Sherry. I ...love you, Master. I can tell that Rich loves you, too. Don't you, Rich? You love Master as much as I do...and as much as you love me and I love you, am I right?" Brittany stunned me by her new confession. 

"Yes, it's true. I kept letting boundaries and limits slip with you, because it just felt natural to do so with you. They were only there for my insecurity, not Brit's...just mine. They were also a way to try to control or contain my desires, my growing attachment to you, but once I just let go, that was it. Same with Brit. Once we cast aside rules, restrictions, disclaimers, etc. and just embraced our submission to you, we were able to admit that we're falling for you. What was just a crush and a strong lust has become more intense now. Can...we be your boyfriend and your OTHER girlfriend, as well as your slaves, Master?" Rich pleaded with me now. 

"Exactly...what he said. Totally true. I knew it instinctively all along, unlike Rich, but I chose to let him set the pace...he had to be comfortable with it...though with my influence added, of course. I want us to be intimate with you...open to you...vulnerable to you...sharing our service to you. Sorry, Rich...I just wanted this for us, and I think that you can see now that I was right. Yes, we should be your lovers as well as your willing slaves. We'll still be man and wife, trust me, Rich. Just as in our original plan, our serving Donald will bring us closer to each other, I believe...the shared experience of pleasing and servicing our man...our Master...will help strengthen our marriage," Brit explained her viewpoint. 

"So, we're all in agreement, so perhaps we need a new contract. What do you guys think? Oh, and Sherry, why don't you go ahead and call Sanjay now...get him over here and lay out your proposal for his future with you? If he is the natural-born pussy boi that he seems to be, he'll agree to it all and he'll love it. So, to sum it up...I have two girlfriends, one of them married, and her husband is my boyfriend. Plus, both the girlfriends and the boyfriend are my eager playthings, too...Now, to celebrate, while we wait, Rich, bend over, boy...it's your turn to get this dick up your tight butt, okay?" 

The look on Rich's face was one of total delight, as he bent over happily and spread his cheeks for my prick to probe him that deep. I had a very wide grin on my face, as did Brit and Sherry, as we both realized that things had indeed come this far...they had really surrendered to me...Brit, Rich, and yes, even Sherry, though in her case it wasn't as absolute...

Life was looking better than ever.