 Angie was a typical Wolverhampton girl. Loud, outgoing, with little sense of her own identity or of the world around her. She also happened to be attractive, voluptuous and a dirty slut. At the age of 28 she still hadn't quite shaken off the school nickname of "manhole" or the rumour of an improper relationship with a female games teacher. However, her long dark hair, pert tits, and large but firm ass never failed to attract attention. Especially when combined with tight fitting Lycra and a highly visible nipple ring. 

Angie had been seeing Phillipe for two weeks, a relationship longevity record that she was proud of. He was completely different from her normal boyfriends i.e. he had a brain. He was also very wealthy. In fact her very first memory of Phillipe was waking up on the back seat of his BMW 5-series. Naked and legs splayed to accommodate 9 inches of hard manhood, he withdrew at the last second to spray her tits and face with his hot jiz. Much to the delight of his two friends watching from the front.

Phillipe, a Frenchman, moved to England in 1992 to take up his current position as the director of a large U.K company. His wife Chloe worked as a fashion editor for a top women's magazine and therefore spent much of her time in London. When together they enjoyed a highly charged sexual relationship, experimenting with fringe sexual practices, especially those that included a sense of danger. Chloe was olive skinned tall and slim. A sharp black bob framed the angular features of her strikingly attractive face. She had once been one of France's top fashion models but had fell out of favour with many designers due to her feisty and often aggressive nature. 

Chloe had been working in London when Phillipe met Angie during a night out with his friends at Mamies nightclub. Phillipe had been dubious of the clubs merits preferring the more fashionable venues in Birmingham or London. He agreed to go when his friend convinced him that it would be interesting to visit somewhere so downmarket. Nothing however could prepare them for the sheer tackiness of the club. Crap music, plebs and dog-ugly bitches. Standing out from the crowd however was Angie. A cheap lowlife slut maybe, but horny as fuck. Phillipe wasted no time in plying her with alcohol, which she joyously knocked back with the gusto of a Bette Ford case. Then it was back to the car.

Two weeks later and the relationship was still going strong with Angie frequenting Phillipes flat whenever Chloe was away. It was a Sunday night when Angie received the phone call that she had been waiting for all weekend.

"Come round now," ordered Phillipe 

"I want to fuck you."

Having anticipated the call, Angie was ready to go. She checked herself one last time in the mirror admiring the black lycra bra top that she had purchased in the Dorothy Perkins summer sale the previous day. The matching short skirt and high heels though made entry into her white E-reg special edition Ford Escort a gymnastic feat.

"Come right up" Phillipe demanded, smiling to himself as he assessed Angie's Black Country accent over the intercom system. He invited Angie into the kitchen and poured her a glass of red wine. As he offered the glass Phillipe scanned Angie's body, focusing on the ample flesh of her straining cleavage and the gentle curve of her hips. "I have many pleasures in store for you tonight" Phillipe announced with more than a hint of mystery in his voice as he signalled for Angie to follow him to the bedroom.

Angie, familiar with the ritual, knew that she had to undress slowly before him, just like Phillipe had taught her. She began by gradually lifting her top revealing her slim tanned stomach, pausing for a few seconds before suddenly releasing the two firm fleshy melons that the garment had been struggling to contain. Phillipe, already naked and sitting on the edge of the bed, watched intently as Angie turned away from him. Bending forward slightly she gently pulled the tight Lycra of her skirt upward, over her ass, allowing phillipe a glimpse of her neatly trimmed pussy.

Phillipe who up until this point had been slowly masturbating, could wait no longer. He stood and pulled Angie towards him, tugging down her skirt and pressing his semi erect cock against her stomach. His hands worked feverently, exploring the firm flesh of her ass cheeks and the deep cavern that lay between. 

"Suck me" Phillipe demanded. 

Angie at once fell to her knees taking his long fat cock into her mouth, flicking her tongue across the bulbous head before gorging hungrily on his aching shaft.

"Take it deeper" he shouted, as Angie struggled to cope with the sheer volume of throbbing man meat inside her mouth.

Suddenly Philipe jerked back pulling his glistening manhood from Angie's tired mouth. 

"Now it's time for your surprise." He revealed as he signalled for Angie to lie on the bed.

Phillipe opened the draw of his bedside table as Angie lay wondering what exactly he had in store for her tonight. His intentions became perfectly clear when a substantial pair of silver handcuffs were dangled tantalisingly over her face.

Within minutes Angie was handcuffed to the headboard and blindfolded with a silk handkerchief, a Christmas present bought for him by his Grandmother. This was a situation that Angie had never experienced before and simultaneously felt scared yet excited. The excitement soon outweighed the fear as she felt a gentle tugging on her nipple ring while a frantic tongue explored the rubbery nub of her left breast. Angie released a deep sigh as the nipple stimulation led to a downward spiral of gentle erotic kisses, tracing a pathway slowly down her stomach, closing in on her increasingly moist and aching pussy.

Oral stimulation always hit the spot for Angie. As the warm wet tongue probed deeper, she arched her back as waves of pleasure flowed through her body.

"Fuck me right now" she cried "shove your fat cock inside me and fuck me hard."

The oral stimulation ceased at once allowing Angie a few seconds to relax and contemplate the pleasures still to come. 

Penetration was swift, in one thrust the lips of her tingling organ were stretched wide, accommodating the huge tool inside her. Philpe must be really turned on, she thought, as his cock felt bigger than it had ever done before. Not just in length but also in girth. It felt so good as the ample weapon slid back and forth, battering her passage in a frenzy of lust. Angie began to sigh loudly as she could feel the orgasm beginning to build. Then suddenly, without warning, the blindfold was ripped from her face. As her eyes came to terms with the relative brightness of the actually dimly lit room, nothing could prepare her for what she was about to discover.

For there in front her, penetrating her, fucking her, sporting a huge 10" strap on dildo, perfectly round firm tits and a wry smile was Chloe.

"SURPRISE!" Chloe shouted gleefully, laughing as she studied the picture of immense shock on Angie's face.

Angie was indeed lost for words, she scanned the room eventually focusing on Phillipe who was sitting on a chair next to the bed, naked and holding his erect cock.

"This was her idea" he argued.

"Yes, but you enjoyed watching didn't you?" Chloe counterclaimed.

Chloe looked down into Angie's eyes, "did you enjoy it darling?"

Angie stared back at Chloe's hard but beautiful face. As she tried to sift through the mass of confused thoughts that currently occupied her brain, a far stronger physical sensation came to the fore. 

"I need to come, I want both of you to pleasure me, please make me come!"

Chloe, still impaling her victim, offered her left breast to Angie's mouth as Phillipe set about releasing her from the handcuffs that had worked so well in the implementation of his wife's plan. Now Angie was free to explore the firm female beauty of Cloe's body. She flicked her tongue over the expanding hardness of Chloe's nipple, whilst simultaneously sliding her hands over whatever female flesh she could reach. 

"I want you both inside me" Angie demanded.

"Phillipe, put your cock in my ass and fuck me hard!"

Chloe rolled over, pulling Angie on top of her to reveal her vacant orifice. Phillipe used Angie's ample supply of love juice to lube up, then positioned the head of his glistening cock over her twitching ass hole. Angie gasped as the walls of her ring piece stretched wide, struggling to accommodate his girth as he slid deeper into her. Together Chloe and Phillipe began thrusting. Fucking her into a frenzy of uncontrollable lust. Man and woman, husband and wife, giving pleasure in equal amounts to the third party in this sleazy love triangle. As Angie basked in the post orgasmic aftermath, Phillipe and Chloe exchanged a knowing glance as they both realised that the real winner in this fabulous sex game was in fact the woman that they set out to exploit.