 It was the summer of 1972. I was 18 years old.

I had partied at Lake Tahoe in an incredible orgy of drugs, sex, and rock and roll... I had been fucked thoroughly in the ass several times; once by my friend's giant horse cock; and I thoroughly fucked some very hot babes - in public even; all in the same carnal night. I felt great... 

After that totally fucked up; drugged up night, I hitchhiked straight back home from California.

As an experienced hitchhiker now, I knew that many of the men who picked me up wanted to fuck me. And, I now understood that the porn magazines on the front seat - were an invitation for me to get hard..

But, the incident with a whacked out weirdo on my way to Tahoe had also made me a little leery about strange sex with people picking me up, so I was in the funny position of Not picking up the porn magazines so ribaldly displayed on the seat next me, declining the implied offers...

Besides, my asshole was still sore and throbbing from getting fucked and I was afraid that that another cock pounding my stretched out asshole would damage me.

I was a little bit scared of my own perverted response to sex now. I seemed to have crossed the line between my porn novel fantasy world and reality. I could imagine me letting some wacko tie me up, fuck me and perhaps cause me permanent damage (or death, I suppose. I really didn't think about that).

Then, of course, after I got home, I again spent the remainder of the summer sexless - even while hanging out with my friends, Todd and Andrea, who were still fucking like little bunnies. I immediately started regretting not having sex with some of the guys that had come on to me... I was so screwed up.

I would intimate from time to time that I'd like to join Todd and Andie, but they were not interested. Neither one was as wanton as I was, in spite of our previous shared experiences. One time, as they fucked in the backseat while we were all at a drive in movie, I took off all of my clothes and jerked off in the front seat watching them. I even played with my asshole, sticking a finger up it as I came. Whereas Todd and I were stoned as usual, Andie was conscious and slightly embarrassed at my voyeurism. But that didn't stop her from ignoring me, cumming to Todd's fuck while he pumped his own spunk inside her. I shot my wad all over myself and, of course, immediately felt slightly ashamed of myself. But, we still hung out together as some sort of trio. 

At the end of the summer, a week before going away to college, we all went to see "Friends & Company," a nightclub act that was composed of Will Parnes, our former music teacher; his wife Ellen; Robin, my former almost high school sweetheart, and John, Robin's older brother.

Mr. Parnes was a short, stocky guy with a showman's smile. His wife Ellen was thin with a short brown hair cut in an pixie like way. She had nice breasts with a great tight, athletic body. Robin had long brunette hair and still had a voluptuous bod, except she was even thinner than before, making her large tits only slightly smaller and her wide hips just about perfect, accentuating a now thin waist. Her brother John was one of these classic good looking blond haired guys with a manly mustache. He was as handsome as a movie star and I knew that when he was in high school, he fucked just about anybody he wanted to, but his main girlfriend had been his class beauty queen.

Anyway, Todd, Andie and I got dressed up and went to see them at the local fancy Holiday Inn nightclub. They were all dressed in tuxedos and long gowns and they sang the "soft" music of the sixties and early seventies - the Carpenters kind of stuff. But they were fun to listen to and we were all friends, so we stayed most of the night, occasionally dancing and drinking a lot. Todd and I went out and got stoned periodically and, much to my surprise, John and Mr. Parnes joined us during one of their last breaks. It was a gas getting high with him because he was my former music teacher in high school. After we went back in to watch them, it didn't seem to make a great deal of difference in their act.

At one point, Todd and Andie went to fuck in the men's room and asked me to stand guard for them, more or less. So I'm hanging out in the men's room of the Holiday Inn while Todd is banging away at Andie's cunt in one of the stalls. I really felt like a prize pervert. I seriously thought about telling them that I wanted to suck Todd's semen out of her vagina afterwards, but I knew that would just freak them out. Everything was so strange... 

Towards the end of the evening, Todd and Andie were ready to go and fuck each other again (they really did drive me crazy), so I begged a ride from Robin or the Parnes and I let them go, staying until the very end of the last set.

John hit on a very foxy looking babe in the audience and he left with her back to the Parnes' room in the hotel.

Robin invited me back to her room along with Ellen - Mrs. Parnes.

Robin was wonderfully friendly and romantic when we got to her room that she shared with her brother. Mr. Parnes was off somewhere taking care of business so, with Robin holding my hand, she and I and Ellen sat down on the beds and reminisced over old times in high school.

Robin kept making light, sensual touches on my hand and arm and my mind was splitting into two halves - one wondering if she was really coming on to me and if she was, how the hell to get rid of Ellen when her room was obviously being occupied; while the other half was trying to keep up the conversation, acting as if nothing was going on.

But, I got a huge erection that was prominent and I was embarrassed to see Ellen noting it and smiling at my response to Robin's touches, even as I stroked Robin's hair and the back of her neck while Ellen looked on in evident amusement at my obvious hard on.

When Robin turned to me with a kiss me look on her face, I figured that if she didn't care about Mrs. Parnes, then neither did I. Fuck it. As usual, I was stoned out of my gourd and I just let my inhibitions fly away. I kissed her and our tongues immediately joined and played a passionate hide and seek in each other's mouths. We fell back on the bed and I closed my eyes as I lay on my back with Robin's face covering mine. We both murmured in appreciation and I flashed back upon all of the lost opportunities. Robin had always been a fantasy of mine, but she had also always been my buddy. 

Evidently, she wanted to further our relationship. It felt so right and so heavenly kissing her and softly kneading her warm body through her clothes. I felt a great affection for her even as my cock was straining upwards between my splayed legs. I totally forgot about Mrs. Parnes sitting only about three feet away. She could watch us or go fuck herself - either way, she seemed irrelevant as I stroked Robin's back, finding the zipper on her gown and gently pulling it downwards. I was in no hurry and I felt no fear even though I had had only a uncertain longing when I went to Robin's room with the two women. Robin my friend was metamorphosing into Robin my lover and I couldn't have been happier. I slowly unzipped her, exposing her naked back bit by bit. This was another wet dream fantasy come true.

We continued fervently exchanging tongues and suckling each others faces, while her long hair surrounded me. I stroked the warm, naked flesh of her back, massaging her shoulders, my fingers tripping down her skin, making swishy patterns on her amorous exterior. I was adrift in a world of soft, sensuous sex and she seemed to be floating right along with me, stopping only to lick my face and nibble at my ears. We both amiably laughed as we enjoyed each others' flesh, lost in a long forgotten romance. 

Then I felt hands at my waist, undoing my pants. My eyes shot open in a sort of panic because Robin was still over me, her warm brown eyes looking now directly into mine. And her hands were on my shoulders and arms, so I knew that they weren't at my waist. I tried to move Robin's face aside and sit up, but she laughed again, biting my lower lip and pushing me down to the bed even as my pants were undone and the strange hands pulled them and my underwear downwards off of the bed. I confess that I didn't resist and actually helped a little, raising my hips, but I still felt very strange. Then Robin pulled my face close to hers and reinserted her hot tongue into my mouth.

"Oh Jesus," I moaned as I felt a hand and warm pair of lips encompass my hard cock.

Damn! Ellen, my music teachers wife, was sucking my cock!

And, because I could feel the hard nipples of her naked soft breasts pressing into my unclothed thighs, I knew she had taken her clothes off.

She grasped my stiff member and began performing an erotic fellatio on my rigid flesh. 

A whole set of bizarre thoughts and feelings were going through me even as I thrust my hips upwards and my hands pulled Robin's gown off of her shoulders. She wiggled and helped me, slipping her arms through the short sleeves, pushing the material down until her bra covered breasts were exposed, all the while her mouth never leaving mine and the mouth on my pulsing manhood licking and sucking me to heart pounding excitement.

I really couldn't believe this. The worst part was that somewhere inside, I was pissed. Here I had thought that Robin was coming on to me because she wanted to renew or start something new between us. But this was all just a kinky game to them. And my music teacher's nude wife was sucking me off when my fantasy said it should have been Robin and I in some sort of romantic fantasy of courtship and love. This was just another porn novel!

But my rigid fantasy scenario faded away as the reality became deliciously real. Robin continued to sensually tongue my mouth and face as I did the same to hers. I grasped her breasts through the thin nylon of her bra and ran my thumbs over her large stiffening nipples.

"UUooooo," I breathed as Ellen's mouth and hands left my cock and she continued to de-pants me, removing my socks and shoes at the same time. As Robin rose up to undo my tie and unbutton my shirt, I frantically unfastened her bra, letting her aroused tits fall free above my face. I rose my head up to lick at her engorged nipples and she arched further back, moaning in pleasure.

"God, I really can't believe this," I said as Robin stood up to shuck off her gown and I sat up to the sight of a naked Ellen Parnes, kneeling between my legs, her hands once again playing with my throbbing cock and aching balls.

"Mmmmmmm," said Ellen, smiling at me, wantonly sticking out her tongue and licking the wet tip of my dick.

I threw off my jacket, shirt and tie, and grabbed Robin again, who was now nude except for her panties.

"You are incredible," I said as I pulled her to me and covered her lips with mine. In moments, our tongues were again happily exploring each other's mouth and her large breasts were crushed into my hairy chest. Ellen moved her mouth over my dick again in a wet, sucking embrace. I groaned again into Robin's mouth. It obviously turned her on to have Ellen sucking my trembling cock because she increased the frenzy of her kiss, biting and licking my lips.

Then Ellen continued sucking down the full length of my prick, forcing it into her mouth, moving her head down my ramrod until her nose was buried in my pubic hair and she sucked me hard into her throat. It was the most incredible sensation and I groaned again into Robin's hungry mouth while I arched my back on the verge of cumming - too soon, too soon, but... then Ellen pulled her mouth off of me all at once.

"Oh God," I groaned, my hips twitching in unfulfilled desire.

Robin moved her body slowly above mine and I again began sucking on her lovely brown nipples as they came before my mouth. I squirmed farther onto the bed as she murmured her appreciation and I continued to worship at her beautiful breasts. I wanted this to go on forever.

Robin grasped both of my hands and pushed them back to the bed as she lifted up her body and straddled my chest. She wiggled her hips up my body until her pantie clad pussy was rubbing against my chin. I could feel her wetness and smell her hot cunt odor. I stuck out my tongue and amorously lapped at her wet pantie covered slit. She pressed her hot twat against my struggling mouth and I tried to push my tongue through her wet panties into her wet slit.

"Oh Greg," she laughed with randy throatiness, "You and I missed a lot,"

"Mmnnnmmm," I replied into her sex soaked panties as I felt Ellen rubbing the nipples of her breasts across the head of my jumping hard prick.

Then Robin stood up and took off her panties, exposing her beautiful brown beaver, wet with my saliva and her juices. I rose my head to meet her as she knelt down again, her pussy lips spread in front of my mouth. Even as I tasted her wet, delicious fluid, I felt Ellen rise up, straddle me and then sink slowly onto my hard manhood. I could feel her wet cunt lips spread and take my pulsing rod into her. I tried to move my arms back to Ellen, but they were trapped by Robin's thighs and knees and my mouth was busy on her drenched pussy. Ellen was only massaging the tip of cock and bare top of my shaft with her heavenly wet, hot vagina and I tried to thrust upwards to bury myself in her, but she moved off in response to my thrusts, torturing me by sinking lower and lower a little bit at a time.

Robin spread her own pink labial lips in front of my face and after sticking my tongue as far as I could up her succulent love canal and drinking deeply of her sweet cunt juices, I brought her liquids up to her exposed clitoris and lapped at the protruding bud.

"UUoohhhh, Greg," she moaned, her whole body convulsing in passion as I now swabbed her love button.

I don't know why I had never done this before, but it felt like the most natural thing in the world to be stimulating Robin's pink clit.

She was jerking and moaning with impassioned lust even as Ellen finally gripped my yearning cock all the way inside her juicy cunt. She leaned against Robin's back grinding her crotch against mine, her hands on the bed on either side of my body, my hips still trying to rise to meet hers. She began rolling her hips, making frantic, tight little circles around the base of my cock and all I could do was lay there, trapped by two insatiable cunts, one sending wild, fiery feeling to my desirous dick and the other inundating my mouth and face with magnificent secretions.

"Oh, yess, yess yesssss," cried Robin, almost sobbing as she spasmed and ground her gyrating pussy again my mouth as I sucked in her clitoris between my lips and flicked the tip with my tongue.

"Nooo, stop, uh, uh, uh," she jerked and moaned even as I felt my own steel hard cock swelling and I tensed, driving upwards into Ellen's twitching wetness.

"Unghh, uggnn, ungnn," I babbled into Robin's hot cunt while my sperm boiled upwards, blasting into Ellen's vagina.

It had been too long and I couldn't control anything. I felt like an electric current was running through my balls and dick, as I shot wad after wad of hot cum deep into Ellen's circling twat, unloading all of my stored up semen into her.

Robin pulled her clit from between my lips, but continued jerking and rubbing her pussy on my wet face as she thrashed and moaned in orgasm. Ellen was grinding away at my cock, almost painfully as my orgasm subsided and I felt her shiver, softly moan then freeze.

"Uhh, uhh," she grunted as she vibrated once or twice on my still hard dick.

Then she sat still. Robin slumped over my head on the bed, her cunt practically suffocating me, as I still tried to nibble and lick her private parts.

"Ohhhh," she groaned and rolled off of me, her own hand pressing against her used crack.

I could now see Mrs. Parnes and she smiled at me as she again involuntarily shuddered in a small orgasm. I gasped as she continued riding my chafing cock.

Her naked body was lovely. She was thinner in all respects than Robin was. Her tits were smaller and tight and her nipples were little spear points at the end. She moved her delicate hands and ran them over my chest, hair and nipples. Even though it was almost painful as she continued to squeeze my spent, but still hard cock with her cunt muscles, I was as near bliss as possible.

I turned my head and licked at Robin's naked thigh next to my face and started caressing her belly with one hand.

"Ohhh Greg, who would have thought?" she murmured appreciatively as she languorously writhed on the bed.

We stayed that way for quite some time, my cock remaining stiff inside Ellen's wet cunt, my sperm dripping out slightly onto my crotch. I gently played with Robin's belly button, breasts and her still dripping wet pussy. None of us said much, except to twitch and whisper in sensual appreciation.

I was in a sort of sultry never never land, so I didn't hear anyone enter the room until Ellen said "Will?"

Her voice was neither surprised nor especially happy when she said this and I opened my eyes to see Mr. Parnes, dressed in a bathrobe, standing next to the bed looking at this scenario where my cock was still stuffed up Ellen's cunt and my hand was grazing inside Robin's wet snatch. My prick began immediately to deflate and my heart started pounding. It was as if I had been caught in flagrante delicto by a jealous husband. Which, of course, was ridiculous. Things wouldn't have happened the way they did if anyone were afraid of someone else finding out. But while my brain might have known that, my prick and my adrenaline couldn't quite grasp it and even as Mr. Parnes laughed at the panicked look on my face, my dick wilted and began to slip from Ellen's vagina.

"Don't worry Greg," said Mr. Parnes as he walked around the bed to where Robin lay, "We're all Friends... and Company..."

He began to massage Robin's buxom tits. I started to remove my fingers from inside the folds of her wet flesh, but she clamped her legs around my hand, trapping me there. I turned to look into her face and she had a serious expression on her face as though she was contemplating something mildly unpleasant. Then Mr. Parnes squeezed her nipples, hard, between his fingers and she closed her eyes and gave an involuntary gasp. I could feel her wetness increase inside of her cunt

"All right Will," said Ellen, who sounded both embarrassed and annoyed at the same time, "Where's John and his new friend?"

"They'll be along in a moment," said Mr. Parnes. "I think she's coming with him."

"Ohhhh," muttered Robin as Will continued to lightly abuse her breasts. Whatever reluctance she felt seemed to be overcome by the sensations in her body and I felt her hips move, rubbing her moist pussy against my hand.

"It was very nice," said Ellen, absently, not really speaking to anyone. But her hands stroked my chest and nipples, trailing down to my stomach.

My soft cock was only barely contained in her vagina and I could feel more of my cum plopping onto my used organ and pubic hair. Her hands continued down my belly and she hoisted herself off of my genitals, softly kneading my limp penis.

"We can't have this now, can we," said Ellen slyly as she bent her head down and began licking the cum from my dick.

Will watched with interest, still playing with Robin's nipples and chest, while Ellen's tongue lapped up the cum in my crotch and revived my sagging organ.

There was a very strange dynamic going on here. It was as if Mr. Parnes was intruding on something private, but now that he was here, both Robin and Ellen had to perform as if this was all nothing but a big sex game. It was just a feeling I had which I didn't get a chance to really mull over because the new wetness in Robin's cunt and Ellen's hot mouth on my cock in front of her husband were really beginning to set my heart pounding. Will's robe had fallen open and I could see his hard dick jutting out from his rotund belly. It looked smaller than mine. In the dim recesses of my mind, that was nice to know. Somebody actually had a smaller dick than mine.
