 Chapter 1

I grew up in a pretty successful family. My parents were both doctors, though they did not share the same practice or specialty, and my grandparents were mostly doctors and lawyers with a college professor thrown in.

I'm an only child and have three cousins, Sheila, she's three years older but my favorite, we've been close since I was little, then there's Morgan, he's somewhat older, now in his thirties, and there's Rebecca, she's also a few years older, working on her master's in marine biology.

Me, I'm Abby, short for Abigail, I'm eighteen, just graduated from high school, an honors student and accepted into Vanderbilt for the fall in a pre-med track. Yes, following Mom and Dad.

So, before I went off on this new phase of my life, I had arranged to visit my cousin, Sheila and her new husband, Owen, who live about three hours away. She and Owen had been married about eight months and she had invited me to visit them for about two weeks.

They live in a nice condo, complete with exercise center and pool which we used the first two days when we weren't out shopping. In the evenings, we would usually cook a nice meal then watch television or a movie.

The third night I was there, we watched a movie about a young couple who have sex for the first time with each other. After it was over, our conversation turned to dating and such.

"So, any boyfriends at the moment, Abby?" she asked.

"No, I've just been too busy, what with trying to keep my grades up and all, no, maybe when I start college in the fall."

"But you'll be just as busy, maybe even more, probably more," Owen said, "it's busier than high school, especially for pre-med with chem labs and all. Good luck finding time for a boyfriend, too," my cousin added.

"Yeah, well, what's new? I've never had much of a social life, a few dates here and there but that's all."

"Ever have a serious boyfriend?" Sheila asked.

"Oh, there was Jeff Majors, we went together about three months."

"Three months. Couldn't get much sex in three months, girl," my cousin laughed.

"Um, no, how about none. Oh, we necked and made out some but, well...".

"That's all? Surely you've done oral and stuff?" Sheila asked me.

"Oral sex? Uh, not really, no."

"Handjobs? Getting guys off?"

"No, pretty pathetic, huh?" I admitted.

"So, no oral sex either way, no hand jobs, maybe your bra off, having some fun?" 

"Not really. One guy tried to feel me up once."

"And?" Owen asked.

"Well, I was fourteen and really didn't like him much, so I didn't let him."

"And, that's it? Have you ever seen a guys' penis?"

I laughed and said, "No, but I've looked in books and on the internet."

"Oh, girl, how lame can you get? That's pathetic."

"Well, I guess I've got a lot to learn, huh?" I joked.

"Yeah, you and Owen. I taught him just about everything he knows. What do you think of my guy?"

Well, that was easy, Owen was drop-dead gorgeous. Six-one, ripply muscles, wavy blond hair, not an ounce of fat on him, he could easily be a model...or a porn star, I thought.

"Well, I think you're pretty lucky to have such a good looking guy and one who's so nice as well. I hope I can find someone like him someday as well."

We talked a bit longer, then all went to bed. I read for a while, then turned out the light and was rubbing myself to sleep when the door opened and Sheila asked quietly, "You still awake?"

"Yeah, just turned out the light, why? What's up?"

"Come, get up and come with me," she said as she started back down the hall to their room. As we walked in the light was on and Owen was sitting in bed, the sheet up over him.

"We were talking about how little experience you've had with a guy and, well, Owen and I've agreed that now might just be the perfect time for you to get some of life's more pleasant experience."

"I don't...you mean with...tell me exactly what you two are thinking," I asked, my head spinning at the thought.

She had on a nighty as I did as well and she told me, "Well, you can get in bed with us, you don't have to do anything you don't want to do. That's up to you. So, come get in bed," she asked as she pulled the nighty off and pulled her panties off and got into bed while she also pulled the sheet from over her husband.

Well, there it was, standing straight up as I saw her hand surround it and begin moving up and down as she leaned over and kissed him. It was the real thing, yes, I've seen couples on the computer but this one was right there, just a few feet away, within reach.

As soon as I thought of 'within reach' I felt my pussy flood and my heart rate rise.

Sheila turned back to me, saying, "You can take your nighty off, Abby, if you want to," she told me as Owen got up and moved to kneel between her legs, his long cock dangling near her ankles.

I pulled off my nighty, I'm not exactly sure why, I just did it, and while I expected them to begin screwing, Owen bent down and began giving oral sex to Sheila.

"Mmm, oh, I love you, baby, god, your tongue is so sweet on me," she said, squirming as he licked and tongued her. She was rubbing her fingers through his blond hair as he pleasured her with his mouth and tongue while I watched.

I lay there next to them, on my side, a hand inside my panties, two fingers rubbing back and forth across my wet pussy as she lifted her legs up onto his shoulders. Erotic is really too mild a word for it, I was really turned-on. It was so hot.

"OOH, OOH, OOH, YES, YES, huh, huh, mmm, mmm, oh, that was so good, mmm, come up here, babe," Sheila cried out as she pulled him up over her as they kissed over and over, her hands all over his back and butt, her legs now wrapped up around him pulling him tight.

Then, he raised up and took his penis right up between her legs and shoved right up into her as she wiggled and squirmed. Once in, he began moving in and out as I watched, slowly rubbing.

She reached over and took my free hand to bring it over in between her legs, pressing my fingers right at her opening as I felt Owen's cock sliding back and forth.

"Can you feel him fucking me, his cock sliding in and out of me, Abby?"

"It feels so sexy, I never thought of touching a couple there while they were making love," I gasped.

"Just leave it there, your hand feels nice," she murmured.

It was incredibly sexy to have my fingers feeling his warm, slippery cock sliding in and out of my cousin's pussy. I have just never been so turned-on.

He was kneeling between her legs as I had one hand down feeling them fuck and he leaned over and ran his hand down between my legs over my other hand which was rubbing my pussy.

I pulled my panties down as my cousin's husband began rubbing my pussy while he fucked her right next to me.

"Mmm, so good, Owen, mmm, feels great," she moaned as he began pushing his finger up into me. I just relaxed and let him do it, yes, I was that horny.

Now he was fingering me as he was making love to Sheila, it was incredible how all this came about but, right then, I really didn't care, it just felt too good for me to care about details.

No boy's finger ever did what Owen's was doing to me. Now, there was more than just my pussy being fingered, he and my cousin were also fucking rather energetically right next to me as I watched them. That, no doubt, added greatly to my arousal. This was the most erotic time I'd ever had, for sure.

He was fingering me in and out at just the same tempo he was fucking Sheila which was producing moans from us both. I had widened my legs as he finger-fucked me, then he began rubbing his thumb over my clit. It was all I could take and my body began to shake and tremble as wave after wave of beautiful feelings swept over me.

After he had fingered me a minute more, he pulled out and rubbed his fingers up and down my wet pussy as he continued stroking so sexily in and out of Sheila who was now groaning heavily.

"Mmm, uuuh, uuuh, mmm, oh, Owen, oh, UUUH, UUUH, uuh, huh, mmm, mmm," she cried out as she began bucking and thrusting up at him as he jammed down into her deeply, dropping down and kissing her over and over.

"Mmm, uh, huh, mmm, oh, I love you, hon, mmm, oh, so much," he moaned as he cummed deeply into her right next to me. They lay together kissing for several minutes when I heard Sheila ask me softly, "I'm sure Owen would like to make you happy, too, if you want, Abby." He looked over at me and smiled as I heard myself say, "It was beautiful and so hot, yes, I do want it, I want him."

Chapter 2

He kissed Sheila, then got up and shifted over to me as I widened my legs. I was expecting him to put his dick in me but he crouched down and began kissing and licking on me.

He was the first person, other than myself, to ever touch my pussy. Well, that's not quite true, the first ob/gyn exam I had when I was fifteen, that was but it was a woman and about as unsexy as could be. This was just the opposite, just about as sexy as could be.

He had stiffened his tongue and was flipping it up and down in the slit between my pussy lips. Oh, it felt wonderful. This was oral sex, so many girls had talked about it and this was it. And, oh, they were all correct, it is a super-turn-on.

Sheila leaned over and took my left nipple in her mouth to suck as her hand began kneading the other, rubbing, softly pinching the nipple, I was surprised to be given pleasure by them both. I didn't know that my cousin ever did anything with women but I was enjoying her attention and when she raised up off my swollen nipple to kiss me, I readily opened my lips in welcome.

I felt Owen gently ease my labia apart and begin working his tongue all around inside me as far as he could get. It was stunning. I never thought a man's tongue could be that erotic and sensual but it was, even more.

I also never thought I would desire or enjoy the sexual advances of another woman. Oh, was I wrong. I didn't know if she would want to do more than this but I'd already decided that if she did, I was her's, it was wonderful.

Of course, so was her husband's oral pleasuring of my pussy, now engulfed in passionate excitement, it was driving me right into a massive orgasm which swept over me, spreading outward from my middle in wave after wave of ecstasy.

I shook and moaned and groaned and never, ever felt more wonderful in my whole life. I was now convinced that I would do whatever was wanted of me this weekend, it was just glorious and I was in for it all.

"Oh, oh," I panted, "oh, that was wonderful. I've just never felt so good. Thank you Owen, thank you so much. And, oh, you, too, Sheila, oh you two are the best."

Owen raised up and took hold of his cock, looked down at me and asked, "Are you ready for more?"

I didn't answer, instead I raised up my widened legs opening myself to his entry. I was so ready by now, I knew I was ready to receive him easily, I could tell that my juices had me primed and eager for the next step.

He pressed the head of his cock, still wet and slippery from his wife's juices and his cum, right up to my slit and I watched his cock's head separate my labia as it slid between them on it's way inside me.

It was big, at least it felt big. But it did go in, then he began the ages-old cycling back and forth, pulling it almost out, then pushing back in. Oh, it was feeling good and getting better. Sheila reached over and took my hand and held it while Owen made love to me.

I had seen my cousin lift her legs up onto her husband's shoulders so I tried the same and it made it even feel better. I was really getting into the feeling, now losing some of my reticence, some of my shyness, now wanting him deep inside me, now becoming sexually hungry for more.

I ran my hand down along my pubic mound to feel with my fingers, his cock wetly sliding in and out of me, I wanted to feel it slipping past my fingertips as he fucked me. It was wonderful.

Like Sheila had, I began moving my hips in a circle as he probed me, it was feeling even better, just wonderful as his lips touched mine, his tongue now also probing me in cadence with his cock.

I began to tremble uncontrollably as a warmth spread out all over my body, then it was like time just stopped, everything ceased for a moment as my whole body just froze, then was taken over my the most glorious feelings that swept across me, wave after wave, my pussy throbbing, as he continued moving over me.

I opened my watery eyes to see Owen over me smiling, intent as he continued on and I knew I didn't want him to stop.

"You looked so beautiful just now," he said softly as his hips rose and fell over me.

"I sure felt beautiful, that was incredible, Owen, I just can't thank you both enough. This is just wonderful," I gushed.

"He's not finished yet, Abby, he often gets me off twice before he does. See why I love him so?"

And he went on until I had a third orgasm and he cummed in me. Then, he slept in between us until we all began slowly waking up.

"Why don't I go start breakfast while Owen makes you a happy woman, okay?" Sheila asked as Owen turned to me and kissed me as my hand reached down to grip his hardness.

"I'll leave you two to your fun," she said as she slipped out of bed while Owen whispered in my ear, "Sheila loves it doggy-style, do you?"

"I've never done it that way, last night was my first time but, sure, let's try it," I told him as I got up on my hands and knees. I widened my knees open for him as he rubbed his cock up and down my slit which was still wet and slippery from last night, then he began pressing forward as I pushed back.

Soon, it was that wonderful feeling again. It felt so good having him doing it this way, from behind. He would push in real hard as I wiggled around with him deep inside me, that just felt so good. Then his hands would cup my breasts squeezing them so nicely as we each moved just a bit, him in one direction, me in the other, it was lovely.

Then, as Owen made love to me from behind, Sheila came back.

"The coffee's on and everything is ready to start for breakfast. I just wanted to come back and watch you two, you just look so incredibly sexy. That may be an odd thing to say as you watch your husband fucking your best friend but it's true."

"Well, hon, it sure feels sexy. I love you but you've sure got a hot cousin," he panted as his long cock slid in and out of me. I put my head down on the bed as he went on. It was feeling better and better and somewhat naughty with his wife watching us intently as she fingered herself. That lent an edge to our sex that morning that had my pussy leaking down my thighs.

He varied his strokes in and out of me, sometimes going very deep, pushing hard up into me as I pressed back on him, then taking short strokes of only a few inches, even pulling all the way out and reinserting his cock each time through my swollen and sensitive labia, that was wonderful.

"Mmm, omigod, when you do that, oh, it feels so good," I groaned and he kept doing it, pulling completely out of me, then pushing his cock back up into me each and every time. I had never heard of that being done that way before but it was the best-feeling sex I'd ever experienced in my brief sex life and I've had lovers do it that way ever since that first time Sheila's husband, Owen, did it that morning while his wife watched.

Then, finally, there was the one final stroke where he pulled all the way out, then when he was reinserting his cock into me, as it advanced into me, a wave of the purest pleasure, traveled up inside me along with it, shaking me as it went, bringing the most wonderful orgasm I'd ever felt.

I just collapsed onto the bed, Owen following me down, not stopping, still fucking me, as I lay under him trembling and engulfed in wave after wave of ecstasy.

Just then, Owen pushed into me as I felt his cock throb as he groaned, "UUH, UUH, UUH, mmm, mmm."

Sheila softly said, "I'll go start breakfast, see you downstairs," as Owen was kissing my neck and back, still moving inside me slowly. In a minute or two, he pulled out of me and rolled over next to me where we hugged and kissed.

"That was wonderful, Owen. I think it might just always be the best lovemaking I'll ever have, thank you."

"Mmm, thank you, Abby, this has been a wonderful experience for me. I am the luckiest man alive to have two such sexy women in my bed. Thank you," and he kissed me again.

Then we heard Sheila calling us as we both got up and ran down hungrily for our breakfast. Our breakfast that morning set the pattern for the rest of my stay; we stayed naked most of the time and Owen took very good care of us both. They both worked, of course, so I was home by myself during the weekdays but Owen was in sales for a local distribution firm and took some rather wonderful lunch hours in bed with me, all with Sheila's knowledge and encouragement, of course. And, she always wanted a complete rundown on how our sex was when she got home.

We often both had sex with Owen, one of us up over him riding on him, the other hanging onto the headboard as he tongued and sucked and licked underneath. It was just an incredible two weeks, I just never thought I would be so sexually-fulfilled in my whole life.

I often visit them, now you know why for sure, and, yes, the sex is both wonderful and practically non-stop. I have become very relaxed and comfortable about nakedness and sex and all that and it has made my life in college quite interesting.

Perhaps I should tell you about the three partners I had in Chem lab or the night the microwave in my dorm caught fire. Remind me some time.