 What started out to be a quick drink at the end of a long day, turned out to be one of the most erotic events of my life. To this day, the reflection of that evenings events, still quicken my breath and moisten my panties.

They say the fastest way to find something is "to quit looking for it". I now have proof that it is true.

It had always been a fantasy of mine to indulge in a three sum; giving a man the ultimate, by being with a woman for him. I would not call my thoughts lesbian, but definitely curious.

Being a control freak by nature, I had put many scenarios together of how this would happen. But not in my wildest imagination could I have dreamed this.

I had just finished a long tedious day. I had stopped at a local building supply company to pick up some last minute materials needed for a job that was scheduled the next day. I am a woman in the construction business, thus the control freak issue. It is a matter of survival.

As I pulled out, I noticed a new bar/restaruant nearby. A cold Budweiser was screaming my name, so I walked in and headed for the bar area. It was a great atmosphere; sports theme, open, airy, big screen TVs. Taking in the place, I pulled up a stool at the bar and ordered a Bud. The bartender was a cute spunky little coed. She had short blonde hair, blue eyes, pretty white teeth, and the perkiest pair of nipples I had ever seen.

I suppose all women look at other women as to compare themselves. I have an appreciation for attractive people and bodies, male or female. That pair of buttons protruding from her tight T shirt , surely caught my attention.

I had just settled in to my beer, when I heard a cell phone ring. Thinking it was one last crisis of the day, I reached next to my beer to grab the ringing phone. It was only when a very warm masculine hand covered my hand at the same time from behind me, that I realized, my phone was still silent and on my side. I quickly removed my hand from underneath his, shocked more by the electric currents that charged through his hand to mine, then almost answering the wrong phone.

I could only hear one side of the conversation and I tried not to eaves drop, paying attention to the TV's over head, but I could tell, this man was having a day to parallel mine. He was pacing back and forth trying to be diplomatic to someone on the phone. I could tell that he was an employer as well of some kind, and that his patience was wearing thin. His voice was deep, masculine. It held a pitch of authority without being pompous. He had just enough breath with each word to make me wonder what it would be like to hear him whisper near my ear.

Here I was, imagining this stranger, that I still had not laid eyes on, making love to me thru his words. When minutes before I was studying the barmaids nipples. The thought occurred to me at that point that I was working way too hard and needed to get out in the real world more.

I had finished my beer and noticed that the Bud Lite sitting on the bar next to where the phone was just sitting was almost empty. I motioned for the bartender to bring me another beer, and ordered one for the stranger with the sexy voice and hands.

She brought them over and proceeded to stay and talk. I welcomed the diversion from his voice. We laughed and made small talk. Her name was Peggy. As I suspected, she was a student at the University. She told me she was in her last year, I suspected her to be in her early twenties.

She stopped in our mid conversation and said "Welcome back Andy, this beautiful lady next to you bought you a fresh beer".

As if on Que, I turned to face the stranger. There was an instant attraction. Even with a flustered look on his face, he had a wonderful, genuine smile and sparkling eyes. There was a surface look about him, and a wonderful hint of sensuality underneath. His eyes held a promise, that few have ever been given.

I felt my heart race. I controlled my emotions and held up my beer to him as if to toast him. "To the end of the rat race day" I said.

He grabbed his fresh beer, looked me in the eye and toasted me back.

We talked for what seemed forever. There seemed to be no subject that was taboo. It was such a great feeling to have such a natural rapport with someone like that.

I have never been one to mince words, or hold back, so I told him just that. How comfortable I was with him. We discussed everything from business to sex.

Peggy, had been busy with people coming in and out, but when she would have a minute she would come back and join us. I could tell he was a regular there, as she seemed to know him well. Maybe a little too well. I couldn't resist asking as the evening progressed and the beers flowed, if they had been together.

In a rather embarrassed look, but a truthful statement, he told me that she had wanted to go out with him many times, and offered, but he was afraid of her reading more in to a relationship then what he was offering. A man of means has to be so careful not to fall into that trap. I made a comment, not knowing Peggy was standing right there, "ahh that's too bad, I'd do her". Then proceeded to laugh. Well, all 3 of us looked at each other then laughed. It was funny, yet, it planted a seed.

One thing lead to another and he invited me to his house to go hot tubbing. It seemed like such a natural progression from what we had been so open sharing.

Peggy came over to tell us that her shift was ending and she needed to cash us out. Andy said "That's ok, we were leaving too". She gave me a whimsical knowing look, and I just couldn't resist. "Peggy, we're going Hot tubbing, would you like to join us?" I said.

Poor Andy choked on his last swallow of beer. She looked at him teasing and said "Oh, I can tell when I am not welcome".

"No No its not that" Andy replied, looking like a cat that just swallowed a canary, well 2 canaries.

He then gave us both directions to his home and we left.

At that point I was not certain what the evening was going to bring. I had a good buzz from the beers I had drank, and was very attracted to Andy.

He had told me earlier, that his fantasy (like every man) was to have two women together.

I stopped at the liquor store and got some beers and some wine coolers. Peggy didn't strike me as a beer drinker.

His house turned out to be a gorgeous home in an awesome place. 

I couldn't help but wonder as I walked in, how many woman had walked these same steps. Instead of a pang of jealousy, I felt a feeling of pride that he had chosen me to be one of them as well, how ever many there had been.

I knew right then, I wanted to make this a night for him to always remember.

I followed him in to the kitchen. He took the bottles from my hands, put them on the counter, and leaned down and kissed me. Not just a kiss. A real full fledged, full lipped, lots of tongue kiss, that melted me into a giant puddle.

It had been years since I was kissed by a man with such confidence. Although confident, there was still room for me to take the lead or follow, what ever I needed. I did both. We stood there giving and taking from each other with those kisses, as if nothing else mattered. He pulled me into his body. I could feel his hardness, and feel myself conform to him. We let our bodies do what felt naturally to each other. We couldn't get close enough.

We heard a car pull up. "Well, I'll be" Andy said. "I didn't think she would show".

Peggy came in and we got her a drink. I was right about the coolers. She downed one quickly and we gave her another. We all laughed and made small talk, feeling a little nervous.

Andy suggested we go out on the back deck where the hot tub was. It was a mild evening, and the stars were just out. He had soft lights on the side of the deck away from the hot tub. It was very nice. 

We all talked a little more and I decided to make the next move.

"I thought we were tubbing" I said, as I began to untie my shoes and disrobe.

Andy wasted no time getting the cover off, and dim the lights even more. By the time he had turned the jets on, Peggy and I were naked and stepping into the tub.

She was a charm. Her hard nipples were dark and pert. No wonder I could see them thru her t shirt earlier. They were large, almost as big as raspberries. Her globes themselves weren't that big, but those nipples....

As she stepped into the tub, I allowed my eyes to trail down to her little snatch. A perfect little triangle of blonde pubic hair adorned her mound. Such a contrast she was to my fuller figured body. My large breasts were firm in the night air, and my shaven pussy was already collecting wetness in between the folds.

I looked over and saw Andy with the bemused look on his face. Some where between "is this really happening to me?" and sheer passion and arousal. Arousal was right. As he dropped his jeans, very last before stepping into the tub himself, I got the first look at his gorgeous manhood. He stood a good 9 inches fully erect. So many larger sized men do not get a real hard cock. I could tell his was totally engorged and hard.

I motioned for him to settle in between us. Both of us girls were submerged to our necks, so he had yet to see us at the same time. I stood out of the water a bit so he could see my breasts, dripping with water, full and ready. I leaned over and kissed him, pressing myself to him. It was a different kiss then we had shared in his kitchen. This was pure animalistic raw sexual in nature. He pulled away from me and I motioned to Peggy "Don't leave her out" I said as he kissed her as well.

I loved seeing him kiss her. Loved the way she pushed her body closer to his.

He put his arms around us both, pulling us both into him and closer to each other. Her big nipples were protruding so, that with my full breasts and her erect nipples, our nipples almost touched.

"Kiss for me ladies" he commanded.

I reached over and pulled her to me in front of him. It was a tentative kiss at first. We were both so unfamiliar kissing another woman. I heard a moan escape from Andy's throat."God ladies that is so hot" he coached.

Peggy and I's temps began to speed up some. We went from just lips to lips to exploring each others mouth a bit. His mouth soon joined us and we were involved in a three way kiss. Lips, tongues, mouths all eager to explore this new feeling.

He had pushed Peggy and I closer to each other. Our nipples and breasts now touching. I held out my breast to her, she pulled hers out and touched mine with a hard nipple. We teased each other like that for a while. Andy just taking in the sights and reaching down to stoke his cock as he watched us.

Although the hot tub broke the ice it was time to get some where where we could appreciate the full visuals of the experience. We moved into his bedroom, where a huge King sized bed awaited us.

Once again, Peggy and I positioned ourselves on either side of him.

I couldn't wait to suck his cock. As they were starting to kiss, I began a trail of kisses down Andy's sexy chest and stomach. I could feel goose bumps forming behind every kiss and lick I made.

When I got to his cock, I licked like a popsicle, getting his shaft nice and slippery. I felt both sets of eyes on me as I took his head and licked the precum that hard formed on his tip. I circled his head, dancing my tongue around his hole, savoring the taste, till I needed to get as much cock in my mouth as I could. He was so thick, so big it was hard to get much of him in my mouth.

"Help me suck this big cock Peggy" I said.

She slid down and the two of us took turns licking and sucking his cock. While she took him deep into her mouth, I would lick his balls and suck on them. When I would lick his shaft and then deep throat him, she would lick him underneath. As she was licking, I noticed him spreading his legs even more for us. I couldn't resist being nasty with him. As she was licking his balls, I said "Don't stop there Peggy, lick his ass too". She eagerly followed my directions. I saw her tongue go lower and Andy's legs spread wider and his hips thrust up giving her better accessibility.

"Thats it, eat his ass good Peggy. Lick his rim. Thats it, lick it all nice and clean" I said to her as she hungrily devoured his waiting asshole.

"You like her eating your ass don't you Andy" I said to him as was being consumed by the moment.

I grabbed his cock and began stroking it to the same rhythm he was moving his hips up and down saying more of the same things to both of them. They both seemed to like me talking nasty to them. so I kept it up stroking his cock hard and firm and she now had her tongue buried in his asshole.

I could feel his cock begin to throb and I knew he was going to give us a nice load. I grabbed her hair and pulled her us as I stuck my face next to hers and next to his cock.

"Give us your load of cumm Andy all over our pretty faces" No sooner did I tell him that and he look down and see out awaiting tongues, did he erupt. Mounds and mounds of milky hot cumm covered both Peggy and I's face. What a turn on it was to see his cumm dripping down her cheeks and chin. I couldn't help but stick my tounge out and begin to lick it off her. She soon followed suit and began licking me too. It wasn't long before Peggy and I were in each others arms licking and savoring every drop of Andy's cumm. We totally got caught up in each other. Soon we were kissing and fondling each other. Andy's spent cock began almost instantly showing life again at the sight of us. I decided to make a bold move.

"You want me to eat Peggy's pussy for you, don't you Andy?" I asked him.

He answered by pulling her legs apart for me, and opening her lips. Her pussy glistened with wetness. I could smell her wild scent. 

Not really knowing how to proceed, I asked Andy to show me how it was done. "Better yet I will tell you baby" he answered.

"Lick her slit" he instructed.

I tentatively began running my tongue up and down her moist slit. I felt her tense as I came in contact with her sensitive spots. Not wanting to over stimulate her, I teased around the places that made her moan, before directly manipulating them.

"Spread her wide open baby and lick her clit" he encouraged.

Not really knowing what I was looking for, I held her pussy lips open with my fingers and just began exploring with my tongue. It wasn't long before I found an increasingly hard button pop up. I had found my target. I could hear her moan and start to move around the bed. I circled the treasure with my tongue and began to gently suckle that area.

"That's it baby, your going to make Peggy cumm, keep it up, and let her cumm in your mouth" Andy continued.

I was so wrapped up in what I was doing that I didn't notice my own body already beginning to rock. I felt the most wonderful sensations in my pussy when I realized that Peggy had started rubbing me and finger fucking me. I repositioned myself so she would have better access as I continued pleasing her with my tongue.

Andy's cock was rock hard again and I knew I was ready for it.

"Please fuck me" I begged.

"Not till you make Peggy cumm, then you can have some of this cock" he answered.

She responded by reaching down and holding my head and literally used my head and face for her to rock her pussy on. My face was buried deep into her slit, my tongue licking frantically at her clit. My finger found their way to her hole where I fucked her with 1, 2 then 3 fingers deep and hard. She began to yell that she was coming. I was so close as well. I felt Andy shift and get behind me and in one motion he was behind me and his cock was in my pussy. The sensation was incredible, feeling the control of bringing Peggy to a shuddering climax, while my pussy was full of Andy's cock.

When Peggy started to cumm, I felt a sudden rush of wetness in my mouth. I drank and drank her juices as I felt her whole pussy, in and out, spasm. She was screaming and moaning. My voice mixed with her as Andy just pounded me hard from the rear. I felt his thumbs toying with my ass, tentative at first, then he inserted it. I loved the feeling of both of my holes being filled and still licking Peggys went pussy. I couldn't hold back any longer and exploded in a mind blowing orgasm. My ass was throbbing, my walls contracting, and my clit was pulsating all at the same time.

Andy could feel it because he too said he was going to cumm. I felt him pull out and then warm cumm being sprayed all over my ass. I saw Peggy's appreciative eyes watch as he stroked every drop of cumm out of his cock and unload all over my back side.

When everyone had come back down to earth, we all agreed that that experience was better then we could have ever planned out. The comfort level, and spontaneity was just incredible.

We have since been together again, but nothing has ever compared to that day from hell that ended in a night in heaven.