 While I was writing this, I realized there were a few things I wanted/needed to say beforehand, so hear me out. Trolls, I will delete your comments, so bear that in mind.

Disclaimer 1: Arthur's Story is still being edited and reworked and is still planned, although there are two very different versions I'm currently working on. Part 2 will go out, but I really want to polish up part 1 first.

Disclaimer 2: This and a lot of my stories contain elements of cuckoldry and cheating. This is a fantasy and is in no way reflective of my real-life views on sex and romantic relationships.

Disclaimer 3: That said, I wanted to say here that I in no way mean to contribute to any male insecurity. It's a big problem in our society that men equate their self-worth with their penis size, and I think it's fucking depressing. "Does size matter" is probably one of the most common questions in our language, with puns about it appearing everywhere without a thought. The short answer is yes, it does matter, to certain people and only in the context of sex. We have evolved as a society beyond the point where sex is our only focus, so it's important to not associate penis size with self-worth. You're not more of a man for having a larger penis, and you're not less of a man for having a smaller penis. What matters more to a surprising number of people is not the size of your penis, but finding somebody to share and understand the world with, to grow and mature with, etc. (at least in traditional, monogamous relationships). Moreover, different people like different things even when it comes to the size and shape of a penis.

Enjoy the story, but keep all that in mind while you read. This is a work of fiction, and does not relate to how I actually see the world, or to how I think you should see the world.

*****

Lily didn't need sex- she was in perfect control of herself- but she was still very lonely.

Her husband Bill was an established programmer whose work sometimes took him around the country, and once even outside of it. This time, he was in Vegas showcasing something that Lily didn't understand, but that was hugely important to him, and he was also collaborating with other programmers in the area. He was excited to work with them, but he had been gone a week and would be gone another.

Lily liked to think of herself as something other than a "trophy wife" - she really hated being objectified- but she fit the profile. She was a brunette, standing at about 5'8", and had an hourglass figure and 36DD breasts. She also had a very large, round bottom. Her figure had always gotten her a lot of attention, but she had always remained faithful to her husband.

Lately though, she found she was constantly craving sex. It was a desire in her that had always remained dormant, and she wished Bill were here to experiment with her. Bill was not amazing in bed, but he used to have a wonderful way of communicating with her, and there was a point when she knew he would have been thrilled.

Bill had not been in touch lately though, and that worried Lily. She tried to remain calm and reasonable about it, but she just wanted him to be here and okay.

Lily lay naked on the sofa, masturbating her clit with one finger while she kneaded her breasts. She had put on one of Bill's old porn DVDs and was watching it while she struggled to remain awake. It was late, she was bored and horny, and she figured pleasuring herself might help her fall asleep more easily.

Bill had always hidden the DVDs from her, and ordinarily, she felt disgusted by them, but in a turn of events that shocked even her, she was glad they were here.

In the film, a tall, burly man had seduced a petite redhead on a college campus, and now they were at his house, and she was feeling his crotch through the fabric of his jeans. Lily saw the large bulge in his pants, and thought of her neighbor Mike, who had a bulge that would have shamed the guy on screen. The girl smiled at the man in amazement, and slowly pulled his dick from within his jeans.

"It's so big," she said, then comparing the penis to several of her body parts, like her wrist, her arm, and her face. She took the penis in her mouth, and Lily wondered how she could accommodate it without breaking her jaw. She sucked it enthusiastically, and as the woman on screen slobbered on it and even deepthroated it, Lily became more tired. Her eyelids were heavy, and she fell asleep with the movie still playing loudly in the background, the sound of the girl gagging and choking echoing in her mind.

Suddenly, she was on Mike's porch, knocking on his front door. She needed sugar, or flour, or something for baking, and she thought he might have some. It was a hot summer day, but the street was empty except for her.

He answered the door completely naked. He looked much more handsome than she remembered, but what struck her the most was his enormous penis. It was bigger than anything she had ever seen, in real life or porn.

"Well, hello," Mike said, and smiled. Lily realized that she was naked too, and she wondered how she had forgotten her clothes. She found herself staring at his penis. She had read once that the largest penis ever on record belonged to a man named Jonah Falcon, whose penis was 13.5 inches, but Mike's looked even bigger. The guys had often joked about it, and she had always thought it was funny before - comically oversized - but now, looking down at it, she wasn't laughing.

He was fully erect, and his cock was thick and veiny. If it had been fully hanging down, it would have touched his knee. There was a small amount of pre-cum dripping from the tip of his penis. Lily couldn't explain it, but it turned her on in a way that a penis never had.

Mike drew her back from her thoughts. "Touch it," he said.

She hesitated. "But I'm married."

"You can do whatever you want in a dream," Mike said. "Nobody can say you're cheating in your own mind. Besides that, look at your pussy. You're soaking wet."

He was right, even if she knew that she needed to be faithful to her husband. She had never really thought of another man besides her husband until recently. Still, she knelt down on the welcome mat and looked up at his enormous, hanging member. She reluctantly put a hand on it. It throbbed slightly as she touched it.

She stared up at Mike. "What do I do now," she asked.

"Hubby really hasn't taught you much, has he?"

"No," she stated. "Normally, we just have sex with the lights off."

"Put your other hand on it and stroke it."

She gripped it lightly in both of her hands, though she couldn't quite wrap her hand around it. She pulled down, gently moving the skin away from the head of his penis. He moaned slightly.

"Lick it," he said, as she moved her hands on it somewhat more vigorously.

She pressed her tongue up to the head of his penis and caught a strand of pre-cum, then circled the tip. Without his instruction, she opened her mouth as wide as she could, then wrapped her lips around him. With it still in her mouth, she used her tongue to play with it and slowly guide it in.

Mike took a wad of her hair in his hand and pulled her forward on his dick. She moved her head back and forth on his engorged cock, as he moaned loudly. She didn't think it was physically possible for her to fit the entire thing in her mouth, but she tried. She took most of it as Mike held her there for about ten seconds. He pulled her off, as she choked and gasped for air, strands of spit trailing from her lips to his penis.

"Having a little trouble," Mike asked.

"I'm sorry," she said. "You're just so big. I don't think I can take you."

"Bigger than hubby?"

She threw an amused expression at him, trying to state nonverbally how obvious the answer was.

"You know, I'm right next-door, if you ever want to take me on. I've seen you checking me out."

She was a little turned off by his sudden desire to talk. She took him back in her mouth, only to wake up to the sound of the telephone ringing. She had stuffed her entire first in her mouth while she was asleep. She pulled it out and walked to the phone, looking at the kitchen clock and noting that she had only been asleep a couple hours.

"Hello," she said groggily, as she picked up the phone.

"Whoa, you sound terrible," Bill said. "Did I wake you up?"

"Yeah. What's up?"

"Umm... I just wanted to call and say hello. It's been a few days since we talked."

"Okay," she replied.

"So how are you doing?"

"I'm fine."

She paid more careful attention to the phone call, still not fully awake. Something in the background was very loud. She realized that there was music playing; she could hear the bass of a familiar melody.

"What's going on? Where are you?"

"Oh. I'm sorry. Some co-programmers and I are just at a social gathering."

"A social gathering? You mean like a party?"

"Yeah, pretty much." There was a hint of guilt in his voice, as if he knew he was doing something he wasn't supposed to.

She paused. "Bill, I'm sorry. I don't know what you want me to say."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, you haven't picked up the phone in days. You don't return my calls. And you call me at a party, of all things?"

"I'm sorry. I've been really busy. The programming takes up most of my days."

Lily heard a woman's voice in the background.

"Hang on just a second, okay," Bill said to the woman. "Look, you knew I was going to be gone awhile. You don't normally want to talk everyday when I'm on these trips - it doesn't usually bother you."

"Who were you just talking to?" Lily asked.

"Just you," Bill said.

"No, just a minute ago. Who was that in the background?"

"Sorry, that was nobody. She's just a girl I work with is all."

Lily couldn't hide her skepticism. "Uh-huh."

"Look, I'm still committed to making this work. I just need to call you back in a second, okay?"

"Don't bother." Lily slammed down the phone.

Lily knew relationships were difficult, but she hadn't thought it would be this hard when she married Bill. All of the married couples she had grown up around had always seemed so happy, by comparison. Lately, his trips had seemed more suspicious. She felt like she was being paranoid, but he rarely called anymore while he was away.

And then she thought back on the man she married, and how different this man seemed from who she had come to love and trust. She was starting to suspect that he might be cheating on her. After all, she clearly wasn't as important to him as she used to be, and now he was talking with women without telling her, being intentionally vague. Had she even mentioned to the girl that he was talking to his wife? She couldn't remember, but she didn't think so.

More loud bass emanated from next door, and she could hear the sound of men's laughter. It was very late, but the sounds appeared to be coming from Mike's house.

The cold menu screen of her DVD player cast a blue shade over the dark room, as she thought of the DVD she had fallen asleep to, and of her dream. She wasn't really going to do anything, she told herself, though incredibly horny now. She was just going to calmly tell them to keep the volume down a bit.

She tried to conceal the tired bags under her eyes and fixed her frizzy bedhead, doing her hair up in a ponytail. She put on some underwear that weren't too seductive, but weren't too conservative, a spaghetti strap tank top, and a pair of blue jeans. She left the house and approached Mike's backyard fence, stopping in front of it and hesitating.

She wasn't thinking clearly. The noise wasn't a big deal; she could just put in earplugs and go back to sleep. Then in about a week, Mike would come home and everything would be okay. She told herself these were just temporary emotions and impulses, and that she should go back home before she did something she would regret. She started to turn away from the fence and return home when Mike's friend Jake called out after her.

"Hey Lily, You can come in if you like! We won't bite."

Lily froze. She knew the rational course of action, and yet she hesitated. She lingered at the fence for a moment before deciding that she was being silly and unlatching the gate door.

The men all greeted her.

Jake lounged on a lawn chair under a decorative umbrella. Lily had always found him repulsive. He was a very large man who stuck his gut out proudly and typically made her feel uncomfortable with his sexual one-liners and objectifying statements toward women. He was balding and had a large brown beard.

Chad had spent most of his time away from work at the gym. She could see his six-pack, now that he was in a swimsuit. He was very fit, and by her definition, very masculine. He sat at a round lawn table, talking with Dave.

John was similarly built, but he was a fairly brawny black man. He had also been growing a goatee, while Chad could never grow facial hair. The two were gym buddies.

Alex was not particularly heavy, but not especially light either. He was very quiet. He swam in the pool with Mike.

Lily wondered how they made swim trunks big enough for Mike. She guessed it must be fine, as long as he didn't get an erection, but she could still see the outline in his swimming trunks very prominently, even through the water and even while he was flaccid.

Now that she really looked, they all sported impressive bulges, even if none of them looked as big as Mike. She wondered why that was where her mind was going. She didn't typically think like this.

She became aware that she had just been standing around awkwardly, staring at men's penises. Fortunately, they seemed oblivious.

"Why don't you grab a beer?" Mike asked. "None of our wives took any, so we have plenty." She watched where he was gesturing and moved to the cooler, bending over to take a beer. She noticed in the corner of her eye, as expected, that Jake was checking out her ass. He was being very obvious about it.

"Goddammit Jake," Mike said.

"What?" Jake responded innocently, slightly amused.

"If you don't stop making women uncomfortable, they're never going to hang around." Mike wasn't wrong, but tonight, Jake's advances weren't making her uncomfortable. She was surprised, but she was actually getting excited from being watched.

She thought about her husband. She imagined him in the backroom of a strip club, phoning her while getting head from some random girl he had just met.

"You know what, Jake? Never mind," Lily said. "You can stare all you like, but just tonight."

Jake stammered. "What the fuck are you talking about?"

Lily hesitated, but felt a mischievous smile spreading on her lips. "I mean that tonight is your lucky night. I'm in a weird mood, and I don't mind the attention."

Suddenly, everybody was looking at her. Alex had stopped swimming, and John and Chad had cut their conversation short.

"Lily," Mike said with a serious tone. "I don't think Bill would appreciate your acting like this."

"Oh, fuck Bill," Lily said. "He doesn't own me. For all I know, he's got his dick buried in some woman anyway."

"So you two are swingers," Alex asked.

"Sure," Lily said. "We'll go with that. For tonight, we're swingers."

Mike swam toward her. "You know, I really wouldn't have thought Bill would be the type to cheat. I mean, a nerdy, out-of-shape programmer like him? Why would he cheat when he's got a beautiful woman like you at home?"

Lily felt a deep rage building up in her. Mike was absolutely right. She grinned. "You know, there's a whole lot more to me than just a pretty woman."

She slowly lifted her tank top over her head, in rhythm to the music playing in the background. Her breasts spilled out, just barely contained by the bra. She paused.

"Your wives aren't going to come out, are they?"

The men were comically quick to shake their heads "no".

"Lucky me." She pulled off her jeans and knelt down on the patio tile, a damp towel protecting her from the bare surface. The men were all reluctant.

"Are you sure about this?" Mike asked. "None of us are going to say anything, but this is the sort of thing you can't undo."

"I'm absolutely sure."

As in the dream, she was getting tired of the talk, but the men were all hanging back, talking among themselves.

"So who do you want to fuck then?" Jake asked. He was almost certainly feeling insecure, knowing that he wasn't the first choice. But Lily had a wicked idea.

"All of you. Now."

They all looked uncomfortably at each other.

"Isn't that kind of gay?" Jake asked. It was clear that they would need a little convincing.

She lowered her finger to her panties, then pushed the fabric aside as she plunged inside herself. She caught Mike's eye as she masturbated then smiled in ecstasy, closing her eyes.She moaned.

It was how the pornstars in Mike's movies acted. It seemed like utter nonsense to her, but she could hear their belts unbuckling, then sense a shadow blotting out the yard lights.

When she opened her eyes, the five men surrounded her. She gasped. Mike was almost fully erect, and his swimming trunks had given up on containing his cock. Three inches were poking out, visible underneath his pant leg.

She reached out to the waistband of Mike's swimsuit, then slowly lowered it, revealing inch after inch, until his cock leapt from the fabric, almost hitting her in the face. The other men had pulled their cocks out too, and were huddling in. She was amazed by how big they all were.

Jake was at least seven inches, maybe eight, and extremely thick.

John was nine inches. He was not as thick as Jake or as long as Mike, but the contrast with her pale skin turned Lily on.

Chad was a good seven inches.

Alex was about ten inches. He was a nice thickness.

"You're all so big!" She said.

They remained silent, still a little awkward. As she marveled up at them, intimidated by them, Jake slapped her in the face with his cock. It was oddly arousing to her. Mike and John moved over her face, covering her eyes up with their cockheads. It was goofy, but kind of hot. They all laughed.

Alex grabbed a handful of her red hair and pulled her into his cock. She had never taken anything this big in her mouth before. Her husband was about half his size- not anywhere near big enough to deepthroat. She stretched her jaw, and he eventually fit the head of his penis in her mouth. She used her tongue to play with him.

Alex was getting into this. "How's that big cock feel in your mouth?"

"Mmazing," she said, talking around his penis.

He forced a little bit more into her. It was messy- she could feel herself drooling on him- but she was taking it. She looked up at him with his cock in her mouth.

"Hubby can't give it to you like I can, can he?"

She shook her head, his cock well over halfway down her throat.

John and Chad took her hands and moved them to their dicks. She stroked them as Alex wedged himself farther into her mouth. She liked seeing how far she could take him- she enjoyed the challenge. Eventually, she was down to his balls.

"Oh my God," Alex said, as he held her in place with his entire cock in her mouth. "You're amazing!"

"If hubby's so small, how are you taking that whole thing?" John asked.

Alex's dick came out of her mouth with a 'pop'. "Just a natural, I guess," she said.

Mike positioned himself on the towel behind her. She could feel his massive erection pressing up against her ass through her panties. While she alternated and took John's big black cock in her mouth, he began playing with her boobs. He unhooked her bra and threw it in the pool.

"Damn," Jake said. "This entire time, I thought you were just wearing a push-up."

She smiled, or she thought she was smiling. It was hard to express emotion with nine inches in your mouth.
