 Penny and I saw each other every day that week, and there was some discussion of what had happened, what might happen in the future, and what we had enjoyed or disliked. We even got some lists of flats from the estate agents, and went to see a couple, but they were awful dives. The rule of no sex after Wednesday was applied. We didn't see Mike and Tara that week, but Penny spoke to Tara in several telephone calls. 

On Friday I picked up Penny, with her overnight bag. She had told her parents we were going to a weekend house party.  They had made no objection. I was beginning to be less embarrassed that they obviously thought we were sleeping together and didn't mind. 

Mike opened the door, and welcomed us in, Tara was in the kitchen. We said hello, and offered help, Penny was accepted, I was chased off to play with Mike. He had new song to work on. In 'D' this time, which I much prefer. 

Dinner was served in the dining room, all very formal. Apart from the quite wonderful food there was wine, more wine, dessert wine, and an offer of brandy or port. Penny laughed. "Are you trying to get me drunk so you can seduce me?  Because I've told you before, you really don't have to. I'm quite happy to be seduced without any more drink."

Tara laughed. "Well, I suppose we have all been skating round the subject. I'm so glad you have both come back tonight. And I wanted to propose a little game."

"What is it?" I asked, a little suspiciously. 

She picked up a cloth bag from beside her and poured four snooker balls out "Whoever gets the red ball is slave to the others. Whoever gets yellow is slave to all but red. Pink is only slave to black. Black is master, or mistress for the night."

Now I was very suspicious. "Okay, Master sounds good to me, but I'm not sure about being a slave. What might a slave be ordered to do?"

"Anything that turns a Master, or Mistress, on. But since the plan is that tomorrow the roles are reversed, and we would have a safety word so if someone was in real distress they can ask to be let out of their situation, no one is going to get too carried away."

"Hmmm " I pondered. "Still not sure I want to be a slave tomorrow, even if I'm a Master tonight. Sorry to spoil the idea, but that's one area I don't want to explore. How about you Penny?"

She looked at me quizzically then. I later realised that this was the start of something significant, that would change our lives, but I didn't recognise it at the time. Well, maybe that is over dramatic. It wasn't the start, since all Penny's personality traits were settled, the potential was there, but this was the first time she let herself run with these ideas. She said "We don't have to draw, and we don't have to swap over. I'll be your slave for the whole weekend.  You can be my Master, and if you want to share me with the others I will be their slave too."

Tara whooped. I was silent with shocked surprise. 

Penny looked straight at me and said "If that is alright with you, Master?" 

Mike laughed then and looked at Tara. He simply said "Well? Which?"

She hesitated a moment and then said in a commanding tone "For this evening, you may speak without asking permission, but not come without my consent, you understand Boy?"

Mike bowed his head and said "Yes Mistress."

"Then you two slaves, clear away the dishes and bring us glasses of Cointreau in the lounge."

Mike rose and bowed, saying "Yes Mistress, Master," he gestured at Penny to do the same. She complied. 

Tara grinned at me and said "Shall we have a comfy seat?"

We went to the lounge, where Tara closed the door and threw herself on me. It was a mad, passionate embrace, a demanding kiss with hands everywhere, and she growled "I've been dreaming about fucking you all week."

I was pretty instantly turned on, given the anticipation, the drink, the talk at the meal and Tara's cuddly body and demanding lips. I kissed her hard back, and then said "What are we going to do now?"

"You could just fuck me and make them stand and watch." she said. "Or fuck me and have Penny let me lick her out. I've been looking forward to that all week too."

"Sounds fun, but what about Mike?"

"He can fuck me after."

"You know he showed me you guys have some costumes? How about getting them to dress up? Have you got a slave girl outfit that would suit Penny?" I asked. 

Tara's eyes gleamed. "Oh, good call. Ah here they come."

She stepped away from me and as Mike came in with a tray she pointed to the coffee table, and beckoned Penny to her. Penny went up to her and Tara quickly and unexpectedly grabbed her by the back of the neck and took a swift and thorough kiss. Penny was caught off balance for a second, but then kissed her back enthusiastically. When she pulled  away Tara looked at Penny "You are quite inappropriately dressed Slave.  You Boy, take her away and get her something suitable to wear.  And you should change as well. And no playing with each other while you are at it. Understand?"

They murmured their assent and left. Tara laughed and turning to me lifted her black woollen dress and pulled it off over her head. Beneath it she was wearing a thong and bra in blue and gold and hold up stockings. With her flame red hair and pale white skin she was stunning as she smiled at me. "Get your cock out, Sean.  They'll be at least ten minutes, and I can't wait."

She stripped off the thong as I loosened my belt, and then she pulled my trousers to my ankles and me to the floor. Two seconds later I felt her warm soft pussy opening around my cock head, and she impaled herself with a deep sigh on my shaft. I could see her soft red hairs frame my cock as she slid down on me, sinking right to the full length of my cock, her ginger bush mingling with my brown curls.  I thought for a moment about the fact that this was the first pussy I had ever entered, Penny's was the only other one I'd had on my cock, and tonight I would have hers too. Not a high score, but both were simply wonderful. 

All sorts of fantasy ideas cascaded through my head as Tara bounced up and down on me. The fact that Penny was soon going to open the door and see us was one turn on. What she might be wearing was a world of possibility. Getting her to suck Mike, or just bend over and let him fuck her right in front of me was a sudden spike of exciting imagery. It wasn't the first time I had thought it, but it struck me that I really did like watching my girlfriend get fucked by Mike. And I'd like to see her get fucked by other men. Lots of them. Two or three at a time. In my fantasy she was enjoying it of course, and for a second I questioned that, but realistically, I thought she would like that. Once she got used to anal. That thought gave me another spike of arousal.

I had a sudden vision. Penny tied down over the piano stool, with Mike taking her from behind, pushing that long cock all the way up her ass. I nearly came at the idea of it. Tara noticed my hips reflexive movements and grinned at me "Oh baby, do that again!" I tried to wipe out thoughts of Penny being bound and buggered, and concentrated on the sexy redhead that was right there with me. Although as I ran my hands over her thighs and hips and held her slim waist, lifting her and slamming her down onto me, the idea of Tara on a piano stool with me taking her ass was fleetingly toyed with. 

As always Tara was going wild. She drove down hard on me and stopped there, no longer bouncing but snaking her hips back and forward, her back and stomach flexing, pussy clenched around my cock, eyes closed and moaning as she  sought her own climax. I was more than happy to watch her as the red flush crept under her skin, highlighting her breasts and neck and up to her cheeks. 

I knew she would orgasm soon, and decided to hold onto my own arousal while maximising hers. I was sure that there would be more opportunities for me than I could handle this weekend. I synchronised my thrusts with her breathing and looked into her eyes as I urge her on "Come on Tara, come now and let me feel your pussy round my cock. I want to feel you come on me, come for me honey, come with my cock in you, come so Penny can lick you afterwards and taste your sweet pussy, that's it Tara, come like that for me."

Tara rocked back, head thrown back, hips forward, almost shrieking "Oh yes!" and clawing at her own breasts in her bra. 

I noticed the door open, and Penny came in, followed by Mike. I admit to being so surprised that I almost forgot Tara for a second. But I rallied, and pulled her to me, and rubbed her back softly, and told her she was beautiful, and brought her round by saying "Our slaves are here. And they look like a lot of fun."

Tara looked up, and grinned, and then said "Help me up Boy. Girl, assist your Master." 

Mike took her hands and pulled her up onto her feet, her pussy making a sucking noise as she was lifted off my cock, which slapped wetly against my stomach. Penny took one of my hands in both of hers and pulled me to stand up. I looked her up and down and whistled. "Very pretty, Slave. Very nice."

Penny said "Thank you, Master," and smiled shyly. It was not an outfit that I would ever have imagined her wearing. Soft, shiny, black leather bra and thong panties, a dog collar and leather cuffs on her wrists and ankles. The cuffs and collar had rings on them for tying her up. The bra had holes to expose her nipples, and the triangle of leather that made the bulk of the not very bulky thong was split along the crotch. Her nipples were erect. It was an outfit that just screamed sexual availability, willingness, submission and vulnerability. 

I was close to simply grabbing her and taking her right then, but I heard Tara say "Sean, darling come and sit here. I want to watch the girl suck my come juice off your cock." She patted the seat beside her on the sofa, and lay back with her legs open beckoning to Mike "Now Boy, lick your Mistress clean."

Mike, was dressed in a leather posing pouch (which emphasised the size of his ridiculously large cock in a most disturbing way) and had a collar and cuffs the same as Penny. He knelt to do as his Mistress commanded.

I looked back to Penny. "Remove my clothes, Girl. Shirt first." I said, and stood still, letting her strip me, quite sensuously. She went on her knees to help me off with my shoes and trousers and underwear. Then I turned haughtily and went to sit beside Tara. I beckoned to Penny "Crawl over here and clean my cock, Girl."

Penny smiled, and kept her head up as she crawled toward me, knowingly exposing her cleavage as she swayed slightly.  She started at my balls, licking round them and up to my shaft, then taking the head of my cock in her warm soft mouth and sucking gently at it, using her tongue to rub back and forward over the frenulum. 

Beside me Tara had her hand on Mike's head as he licked her, and she reached her other hand to take my cock and wank me slowly into Penny's mouth. She leaned to me and said "Kiss me lover," and  this time her kiss was soft and loving, warm and gentle and powerful. She hadn't kissed me like that very often. She smiled at me then and said "Sean darling, I know you have her servicing you, but would you mind if I borrow your slave for a moment?  Now the boy has cleaned me up I fancy having a girl's tongue on my clit."

"Certainly," I replied, for I liked seeing my girlfriend licking another girl's pussy. "Slave, stop that and lick your Mistress instead."

Tara pushed Mike away, and Penny took his place. I noticed how eager she was to kiss Tara's clit, sucking on it and then licking up and down the whole length of Tara's lips, dipping into her depths to taste her sweet sex. Tara moaned softly and her hand tightened on my cock. She gave a few strokes to me in time with Penny's movements but then turned to me and said "Thank you darling for letting me have your slave. But you mustn't get left out, you poor cock was being sucked and now has just my hand." She turned to Mike and said "Slave, this cock needs sucked, get on with it, Boy."

Time froze. 

During the previous summer (when Penny had broken up with me and run off to France, and I had spent some weeks drunk at Mike's house, and Tara cheered me up by leaping on me and shagging my brains out, dragging me into a threesome with Mike, and we had ended up making a regular thing of the three of us having sex together every weekend) sometimes things had got physical with Mike and me.  Gradually, from random contacts in the melee, we moved to Mike deliberately holding my cock to guide it into Tara, and then him wanking it into her mouth, which I copied for him, and then to mutual masturbation. One drunken and wild night we ended up snogging while Tara sucked both of us off, but we didn't kiss again after that, and neither of us ever kissed the other's cock, although nipples and fingers and toes and inner elbows were fair game. 

Thinking about it, Mike was always the one to do something first. He kissed and fondled my body far more than I touched him. I never objected, and it was always fun, and having done it once we often did it again, but I couldn't really say I was keenly exploring this side of my sexuality. It was like having sex with a girl you like but don't really fancy that much. All good fun and nice, but not something you would pursue or fantasise about.  Sure if she is happy to give you a hand job, why would you object? And if she was offering to suck your cock...

But I had never mentioned any of that to Penny. She was overcoming her religious upbringing and enjoying sex, with Tara as well as us boys, but male homosexuality was on a different level of sin as far as our local culture was concerned. So when Tara told Mike to suck my cock Penny's head shot up, her eyes wide, and she stared in disbelief at Tara, then horror at me, and some mixed fear, loathing and shock at Mike as he leaned forward to do as his Mistress had ordered. 

I was paralysed in surprise at Tara's words, and Mike's actions. I couldn't believe it. Of course it felt great, the physical side of things was as good as any girl doing it, and there was a mental rush of dominance over this huge, muscular man who was kneeling at my feet sucking my cock as an obedient slave. I was forced to gasp as he sank his head to take all of me inside his mouth and then, sucking strongly, drew up until only my tip was between his lips. 

Tara laughed "Isn't he a good little cocksucker, Sean?" she looked down at Penny. "I didn't tell you to stop, Slave, I want you to lick me and finger me to make me come at the same time as Master Sean does."

Penny tore her gaze from Mike's mouth and looked at Tara with wild eyes "But he's..."

"Sucking Sean's cock. Just like you do, and like I do.  So what?  We do it.  Mike has kissed you after you have sucked Sean off, licked your pussy and mine after Sean's cock has been in us. He knows what Sean tastes like.  He loves having his cock sucked, and so does Sean. Why shouldn't he like sucking one as much as you do?"

Penny was still overcome with confusion, and glanced at me. I was still rigid with uncertainty. At that moment Mike pulled his head back and bent my cock towards Penny and said "You want some?"

Penny was in turmoil. "But Mike, how could you?"

Mike grabbed her and kissed her, pushing his tongue into her shocked mouth. I saw his hands darting to squeeze a nipple and slide over her inner thigh, gripping her crotch.  He broke the kiss and looked into her eyes, saying "Penny darling, you like sucking Sean's cock don't you? And mine? And that French boy? So why shouldn't I like it?  But don't think that it means I don't like kissing you, or fucking this lovely pussy.  And if Sean likes me sucking him it doesn't change him either. He isn't queer, he'll still want you to suck him and fuck him. And I still want you to suck me, and Tara still wants to lick you out and have you lick her. It's all fun Penny. Forget the labels. Now tell me, do you like sucking Sean's cock?"

Still reeling she said "Ahm, yes."

"Show me, suck it now," said Mike forcefully, and pulled her towards me. Penny moved in a daze, and Mike lifted my cock and pointed it at her mouth, then gently pushed her head forward. He guided her, telling her to suck, moving her head back and forward, still holding the base of my cock as he pushed her mouth down to touch his fingers. 

Tara said  "That's good Penny, now just suck his tip. Is that good Sean?" 

"Oh yea. Very good." I said 

"Now Boy, kiss her," Tara ordered.  Mike turned Penny's face toward him. It was a quick kiss and he turned her back to my cock. She sucked it and he wanked me in her mouth.

Mike moved closer, and again Tara demanded Penny give him a kiss. Penny had only to lift her head to meet his lips. She went back to sucking me and Mike placed his cheek against hers. I caught her eye as Mike pressed her head down to make her take me deeper. I thought her expression was still disbelieving, but now it was that she could not believe what she was doing.  Tara ordered another kiss, and Penny had to barely move her mouth away from my cock to find Mike's lips. 

He held her head and I saw his tongue dart out, and then he drew her back to my cock, pulling it between her lips and his, pushing his tongue to meet hers around my shaft. He moved them both down, lips touching with my cock between them, licking my cock down to the root and back up. Penny moved her mouth over the top of me for a quick suck, and then repeated the lick down and up manoeuvre, this time it was her who guided Mike. At the top of the stroke she stopped short and pulled Mike up to take me in. She pushed on the back of his head and watched him suck me deep, taking me all the way into his mouth. He pulled up, and she took her turn, swallowing me down all the way. She laughed as she offered Mike my cock again and he repeated the move, and I gasped as she wanked me, two swift strokes as Mike sucked my end. 

She took a turn at sucking me, and then wanked me again as Mike took over. Penny looked at me and said "Are you enjoying this?"

I nodded. "Yes. It's a bit weird but yes. I suppose it is like when Tara first licked you."

Tara laughed, and said "Just enjoy it Sean. Now slave, keep wanking your master, but I want you to lick his balls. I have noticed he likes that. I want you to make him come in the Boy's mouth, and you can kiss him afterwards."

Penny looked shocked at that for a second but said "Would you like that Master? Would you like me to lick your balls?"

I nodded "Yes Slave. Lick my balls." I said, and hesitated, glancing at Mike. He was looking at me as he sucked me. I looked in his eyes as I said "Make me come in his mouth."

Mike sucked me harder, as Penny slid her tongue down my shaft and began working it round my balls. Tara swivelled round and kissed me full on the lips, open mouthed and sweet. Then she whispered in my ear "Mike's wanted to suck you off for ages. He's always wanted to have you come in his mouth. He wants you to fuck his ass as well." 

As she said that Penny's tongue was under my balls, the tip touching my ass, and Mike was bobbing his head half way up and down my shaft and wanking me with Penny's fingers entwined in his own. I came. Holding Mike's head in both hands to stop him wanking me any more, because the sensation was just too much, I felt myself pumping my balls dry into his mouth, jet after jet. I almost blacked out as Penny kept licking my balls. Then both mouths were removed and I looked down to see Mike and Penny sharing a kiss and my come. They extravagantly used their tongues in an open mouthed display of come-swapping celebration, and then the kiss became less for show and more for passion. 

Tara laughed, and said "Well done you two. Now entertain us. Go for it Boy, fuck her on the rug there. Right now. Let me see you fuck her with those panties on."
