 Our weekends with Mike and Tara were always varied, but one thing stayed constant: Penny was my slave. 

It sounds appalling when I say it now. I was sometimes quite appalled at the time. 

It is not a word I would have chosen, but it was the word she used. 'Odalisque' or 'concubine' might have been more acceptable to me, having exotic fantasy connotations, not to be taken too seriously. But Penny liked the 'S' word. It gave away all her responsibility. Her actions were all to please me, and she had no choice but to choose to do them. If she displeased me she wanted to be punished. It freed her from guilt, shame and embarrassment. I could order, or merely suggest, anything and she would try to do it. 

Of course that was often a very enjoyable situation to be in, but sometimes I had to be careful. Penny had become so used to being naked around Mike and Tara, and their other guests, and so used to performing all sorts of sexual acts in front of them, and with them, that she started to be more blatant in public. I picked her up one day after lectures and was driving her home, and when she asked me what we would do that afternoon I joked about wanting to see her naked as soon as possible. She just said "Of course, Master," and began to take off her clothing. 

I was amused at first, and then, as she had slipped off her skirt and shoes, stockings, suspender belt, and her French knickers, I began to wonder how far she would go. So far it was all below the waist and out of sight from other cars. Her blouse went next, and she reached to undo her bra. We were driving along Cromac Street at the time, in the one way system that circles the city centre. She undid it and sat back, naked in the passenger seat, and smiled at me with open legs. "Is that alright, Master?" she asked. 

We had to stop at traffic lights. There were cars on each side of us. Of course no-one really looks at the occupants of the cars around them. But I found myself blushing in some strange embarrassment. I ran my hand up her naked thigh and twirled a finger in the patch of curls at the base of her belly. "Very pretty Penny. Sadly though I think you should put your blouse back on so we don't get arrested." We were after all in front of the police station.

She shrugged, making her beautiful tits jiggle, and fished her blouse off the back seat where she had thrown it. As she did so I saw the man driving the car beside her staring into the passenger window with wide eyes. The lights changed. I left him behind. 

On another occasion she called me 'Master' in front of some of our friends. I made a joke of it, and so did she, to cover it up, but it did raise an eyebrow or two. Especially since she had also started referring casually to sex in a way that she had never done before. She would drop double entendres and flirty suggestions into conversation, and touched me or moved more sensuously in public, and gave me looks that anyone could read. 

Her dress had changed subtly. She had always been a little old fashioned and conservative in her taste, influenced by her mother and being a late and only child. 

Now she still wore skirts most of the time, but they were a little shorter, sometimes a lot shorter. She wore stockings at all times too, never tights, and occasionally flashed the tops. Sometimes she wore no panties, but usually she had French knickers or thongs, but always in matched sets with the bra and suspender belt. Her blouses were looser and an extra button would be undone, and her St Christopher and little cross on the chain at her neck which used to be a permanent fixture had given way to more fashionable jewellery. Her ankle bracelet was a constant item. It had become a ritual for me to fasten it, and the one at her wrist, and her necklace. She called it "putting on her chains", and she wore them with pride, flaunting them and moving to draw other people's attention to them. She didn't make it obvious what meaning they held for her, but it was obvious that they meant something, and sometimes it was clear that it had a sexual significance. 

More importantly she was also now a little more flirtatious with other people; girls as well as boys. 

This had resulted in me getting a few winks and nudges from my friends. And an embarrassed chat with a bloke called Carl. He 'just wanted me to know' that my girlfriend was pretty clearly looking 'to play around'. She had flirted so openly and obviously with him that his girlfriend thought that they were having an affair. I thanked him for the warning. 

Penny was amused. She thought Carl's girlfriend was a prig (not entirely without cause) and had done it to wind her up, but she accepted my suggestion that she needed to be more cautious.

Especially since we had plans to bring another couple into the scene at Mike and Tara's. Tim and Ronnie (Veronica to her mother) were in the drama society with us. Since we had been spending every weekend at Mike's we had fallen back from the DramSoc, but we were still involved a bit. We had done front of house, and helped with set building and lighting rigs for a production of "Equus" that Tim directed. That had finished its run, and at the closing party Ronnie had been fairly drunk and very flirty with me. Which Penny noticed, so she took her aside for a chat. It turned out that Ronnie did fancy me, and Tim did fancy Penny, and if we had had a place to go that evening it could all have been quite fun. Instead, after a coffee between the two girls on the Tuesday after, and some conspiracy hatching, they were coming to dinner at Mike and Tara's the following week. 

Tim of course was oblivious to all the plotting. I was looking forward to him getting hit by the three girls with the full force of their persuasive powers. I was also looking forward to seeing Ronnie out of the skin tight jeans and ribbed sweaters she usually wore. 

But that was next week. This weekend Mike had a movie night planned for Friday, as Tara was off to a conference about changes in the law about dangerous dogs. I was invited for the movies, along with half a dozen other guys. Mike said Penny could come if she wanted but... it was a beer and horror flick evening, and while the boys wouldn't mind... I said I understood. 

Saturday evening was of course another matter altogether... but by Saturday evening all I wanted to do was sleep. We had watched films until six in the morning, got a few hours sleep and then I had to be up and about as my parents needed a hand with getting their caravan out of storage and cleaned up for the summer. Since I hoped to borrow the van a few times for trips with Penny (and Mike and Tara, perhaps) or just for wild parties, I had to help. Which meant some hours with a wire brush and anti rust treatment underneath it. 

So when I got back to Mike's I was tired, filthy and sweaty, slightly hung over, hungry and grumpy. 

Penny was there. Dressed in a shorter skirt than I had ever seen her wear before (it was one of Tara's) showing the pearl silk suspenders that held up her black stockings, and a blouse unbuttoned enough to display the matching bra, which was cut in an uplifting and plunging, lace and willpower fashion. My spirits rose. 

She met me with a kiss, and looked kindly on me, despite the grime. She made me sit for a moment as she fetched a gin and tonic. Then she undid my shoes and helped me off with my socks as I groaned and sipped, and told her about my last twenty four hours. By the time I got halfway down the gin I felt more human. She suggested a shower (which was my number one plan in any case), and lead me (groaning and stiff backed) up the stairs. Of course she was going to help me with the washing, and she encouraged me to hurry by stripping off her blouse and stepping out of her skirt on the landing, pausing just a moment to show me her lingerie clad form before she opened the door to the bathroom. 

I kissed her and let her strip me in the bathroom, and push me gently into the shower. She quickly slipped off her underwear as I adjusted the water and stood beneath the warm flow, muscles loosening and headache receding. 

Penny's gentle hands lathered my hair, washed my face, smoothed over my back and front, thighs and calves and feet, and everywhere else. It was thorough and not too fast, a sensual treat, part massage and all so loving that I was overwhelmed by the care she care she took and the guilt I felt. 

That afternoon, no doubt influenced by the nausea from too much beer the night before, as I lay sweating on my back beneath the rusting chassis of the van, hacking off lumps of dirt and barking my knuckles, I had thought ill of Penny. I had thought I might tell her it was over between us. That her clear desire for other men, and women, and her more and more blatant sexuality, made it obvious that she didn't love me, and that our relationship had changed too much. I was going to tell her that although I still found her attractive, and that I still liked her, and that I was very happy to fuck her, I no longer thought of her as my future wife. I would be her lover but I could not be her boyfriend, and certainly not her Master. She had to face up to the fact that she was a willing, enthusiastic participant in promiscuous and pretty extreme sex, and that she was responsible for what she did and let others do to her.

In my head I rejected words like 'slut'. I hated the negative connotations. I saw nothing wrong with liking sex, and my wanting to sleep with many girls, and why should she not do the same? But I couldn't pretend that she was my girlfriend any more. She was not the only one for me, and I was not the only one for her, and while we could enjoy screwing and swinging, it was never going to be anything more.

Now here she was, loving me. Making love to me with her gentle hands. Treating me like she treated no other, devoted to me and my well being, my pleasure, my desire. I was torn. 

I felt guilty for thinking she was using me. I felt guilty for using her. I felt pure lust when she took my balls in her soapy left hand and guided my cock into her mouth with her right. But it was tempered by affection, mine for her and hers for me. Whatever else we might do or desire, it had to be admitted that there was love between us.

She made me hard, she sucked me deep, and then she stood and slid her wet skin against me, turning herself to put her back against the wall as she kissed me gently and urgently, and drew me to penetrate her body. 

I took her then, took all of her, for she gave me all she was and had. It didn't matter what she or I had done, who else we slept with, what else we did. In that moment, in that shower, our world changed. She came, and cried and laughed, tears and kisses and clinging hugs with her body clenching on my cock, dragging my orgasm from me, drawing my come into her, and with it my bond. From that moment on I was hers, her friend, her lover, her Master, for as long as she wanted me. And she was mine. Finally I knew she was my Slave, my woman, my friend and lover. 

We didn't speak. The water flowed over us until the hot tank ran cold and the shower went through lukewarm to freezing. We got out, and dried each other and helped each other dress, and never spoke a word, until I paused at the door of the bathroom, and held out my hand to her, and said "Ready?"

She nodded, tossed back her hair and said "Yes."

We went out to rejoin the world. 

Tara was practically spitting with anger over dinner as she described the 'fascist' and 'police state' new laws on dangerous dogs. I stayed quiet. As far as I am concerned the only good dog is a hot dog, and the best training device for the four legged kind is a Walther PPK.

Penny however had the temerity to say "But what if it savaged a child?"

This resulted in a tirade about how it wasn't the dog's fault if it had been badly trained and or been bred to be vicious. 

I didn't want to argue the point, and nor did Mike, but Penny wouldn't let it go. Tara started to get heated. 

Of course I agreed with Penny. But it was Tara's house, we were guests... I intervened.

"Penny darling, I don't think you are going to change Tara's mind on this. And Tara," I gave her hand a warm squeeze, "All of us appreciate your passion on this, so don't be annoyed. I can see both your points. It isn't the dog's fault, but if you had a child who was under threat of being bitten, maybe you would be less happy to defend the animal."

"I don't think I will ever think it right to murder the poor creature." Tara said, and then she smiled, and added "Although, I suppose we will see if I change my mind in seven months time."

I didn't understand. 

Penny twigged it. "Oh my goodness! Are you..?"

Mike said "Yes. We are."

I was still looking confused. 

"Well! Congratulations! Both of you!" Penny cried. 

Tara smiled, and said "Thank you. Though I don't know why you are congratulating him. It might be Sean's. Or Alan's or Andy's."

Penny went wide eyed. I felt like someone had hit me in the throat. I had finally cottoned on. Mike looked at Penny and me and put his hand out to take Tara's, saying with quiet firmness "No it isn't. It is ours. And now that the cat is out, thank you both for your good wishes. And I hope this won't change things between us."

Penny and I looked at each other. I was still reeling. 'It might be Sean's' rang in my head. Penny smiled and shrugged, and took Mike's hand and said "Why would it?"

Mike shrugged back. "I don't know. I have to say, there is something weird about the idea of fucking a pregnant woman. Or of sleeping with you while the mother-to-be of my child is being 'to-be'. If you know what I mean. It's like being unfaithful or something."

Tara roared in laughter. She got up and went to hug Mike, and kiss him. It was an affectionate kiss, and she held his head and looked in his eyes and said "Michael, darling, dearest Boy," in a voice she didn't often use. Then she kissed him with serious vigour. A long kiss. 

Penny reached for my hand and held it while she watched them. 

Then Tara pulled back, and still looking in Mike's eyes she spoke in a low, forceful, lustful voice that I had heard quite a few times before. "You fucked me five times this week, and I don't know how many times this last two months, and you fucked Penny and Naimh and Lucy and Seana. And I enjoyed every time you had me, and never minded any time you had them, and I was pregnant all that time. So you had better just get used to the idea of fucking me like this because I'm still horny. And the same goes for Sean. And Penny. And if I get too fat to fuck, I sincerely hope Penny will help to keep your lovely cock in good order for me until I'm up for it again. But just now, right now, I am most definitely up for it. So get your cock out and fuck me, Boy."

Throughout this speech she had been pressing against him, pulling at his shirt and the belt of his trousers. He helped. First grabbing her bottom beneath her short skirt, and pulling her underwear down, then pushing his own trousers and pants down to his ankles and holding his cock for her to straddle and slide down upon. 

Somewhere in the next few minutes Tara lost her blouse and bra, and she came, shrieking and bouncing. Mike kept her moving, and then lifted her, standing up from the chair with his cock still inside her, laying her back on the table and raising her legs. He held her ankles as he shafted her with long, deep, fast strokes. Tara simply writhed and groaned and gasped and hoarsely croaked "Oh fuck me Mikey, oh I love your cock!"

Of course Penny and I didn't just sit and watch. Although it would have been fun to do so. Penny was still mellow with the buzz from our earlier lovemaking, and when things got hot and heavy with the others she slid back her chair and stepped over to mine. I swivelled round and took her on my lap and kissed her. She kept glancing at Tara, and kissing me and glancing back, and when she saw her friend sit on that enormous cock and slide down hard to take him all inside Penny grasped my semi hard cock in my trousers and sighed and kissed me intently. She moved to straddle me then, lifting her skirt so that her panty covered crotch could fit firmly against my trouser clad cock. With her arms around me she rode gently, our kisses languorous and sweet. Since we were side on to the table it was easy for us to watch as Tara came, and as Mike put her on the table.

Penny kissed my cheek and whispered "You can have me on the table too, if you like."

I pulled her firmly down against me, and said "I like you just here."

It was the sort of very heavy petting we used to do, before we advanced to penetration and contraception. I was enjoying it. The feel of her hard nipples through her blouse was intoxicating. I was a kid again, excitement renewed. 

We kissed and fondled and watched the others getting wilder. As Penny nibbled my neck I whispered to her, describing Mike's actions. As I dived to kiss her bare skin in the opening of her blouse she murmured in my ear about Tara's flushed face and the way Mike's cock was sliding into her.

It made me blush and my pulse speed up as her softly hoarse voice said "I can see his shaft going into her pussy. He's going in all the way, and then pulling it out. God it is so wet with her juice. She must be as wet as me."

Penny's nipples were hard and pressing the fabric out. Too tempting not to nibble. She gasped as I pressed the cotton covered peak between my teeth, and said "Will you take me like that later, Sean? I like it on my back when you hold my legs open."

Out of the corner of my eye I could see Mike was grasping Tara's knees as he pressed deep inside her. Her breasts were pointing skywards, nipples hard and as dark as Penny's. It struck me that they looked different. I murmured to Penny "See her tits? Are they bigger? Her nipples look very red."

I nibbled Penny's other nipple, leaving a wet patch on the cloth, as she groaned and looked at Tara. "You're right. They are bigger and they look so suckable."

"Well, you had better suck them then," I replied. 

Penny looked at me with lust and delight, as I sucked her nipple hard. 

"Oh, may I?"

"Do you want me to make it an order?"

"Please, Master, tell me, would you like me to suck Mistress Tara's nipples?" Penny asked in such playfully meek tones that I really wanted to say 'no' and simply tear her clothes off and ravage her. 

Instead, I laughed, and said "Hurry up girl and get sucking," and I lifted her by her waist and twisted her to face the couple who were screwing across the table.

Mike was going purple, his hips were swinging a little less rhythmically. Tara was in a post multiple orgasm languor, arms flipped above her head, groaning and gasping softly as her tits bounced with the force of her lover's thrusts. 

Penny climbed up onto the table, pushing dishes and glasses aside, approaching Tara's naked body from a line directly over her head. I moved my chair to the side, so I could see her in profile, bending her pretty face, with her lips pouting, down to suck Tara's left nipple into her mouth. 

I could see the look on Tara's face as she opened her eyes and gasped in pleasant surprise. 

Penny enjoyed herself. Tara enjoyed it too. As Mike worked on towards his climax my girlfriend ran her tongue around his girlfriend's areolae. 

I sat back and watched, sipping a glass of red wine and admiring the sight. Tara gripped Penny's head and flexed her thighs. Mike was encouraged by the movement and pressed harder. It wasn't long before he came, standing still with his back arched and head thrown back making a deep guttural noise as his cock was held deep inside Tara. She whimpered and pushed Penny up and away, and reached for Mike, pulling herself into a sitting position and wrapping around him as he swayed. 
