 Note to readers: this is the 9th part of a series - it should make sense and be readable by itself, but if you like it (or if you don't for reasons other than writing style) it may be worth reading the back story to see how Penny and Sean got to this strange place. Speaking of which, this story could be in the Loving Wives category, or veering into the BDSM area - if those sorts of stories don't turn you on, please don't go further. And, as a final word before I get on with the story - comments, favourable or critical, on content, style or anything else are much appreciated...




It is funny how things can happen at the right time. Having just spent a weekend with my girlfriend Penny and two other couples, swapping and swinging and having a very good time, I had then dropped her off so she could stay the night with another man, Peter. I was curiously jealous about that. After all she had been with him several times before, and she had been performing all sorts of sex acts with everyone over the weekend, most recently sharing a delightful time with me. 

But this was the first time she was going to be with another man without me. It felt wrong. It cast our relationship in a new light. 

As it turned out my father was in the kitchen when I got home, making a pot of tea, and we ended up having a long conversation.

I told him about Penny getting to flat sit for Peter for the next six months since he was off to Hong Kong in the morning. I told him that Penny and I had decided not to move in together, but I expected that I would stay over, and to be honest it would probably end up with me staying there more often than not. 

He laughed wryly at that, and gave me a piercing look. "I hope you aren't asking my permission to move in with her?" he said 

"No. But I know Mum might not approve, and I'd like your support there."

He laughed again. My mother was quite conservative and quietly religious. Dad was a liberal and not too secret agnostic. "Well I'm glad to hear you are taking responsibility for your own life. So what is worrying you, apart from your mother's stern glances?"

"I don't know that I want to live with her," I said in a rush.

Dad looked at me quizzically for a moment. 

"Hmm. Well I suppose it is about the right time for the seven year itch to set in," he said. "Is there another girl you fancy?"

"Well, not really. There's no one I have a crush on."

"But you don't have a crush on Penny either, is that it?"

"Well..."

"Hmmn," may father nodded as well. "You have been with her a long time. And you have done a lot of growing up in that time. And you had that breakup before. It is hard for a couple to make it work again after that. The precedent is set."

"But I missed her so much when we were apart that time. And I know I would feel just as bad if we split up again. And, well, I do still fancy her, it's just ..."

"You aren't twitter-pated." said Dad, grinning. 

"Yeah. I suppose."

He grinned further. "Well, maybe you will be again. It can come and go. I'm not mad about your mother all the time, but sometimes ... well anyway, I'm not going to advise you. But I trust you to not do the bad thing. You might not do the right thing of course, but I know you won't be bad. You won hurt her deliberately, and you won't use her or manipulate her. So go with your head as well as your heart. But don't worry about taking a few risks. They might pay off. After all, Your Mother and I have made it this far, despite all the odds."

I thought it was such good advice that I wrote it in my diary, which is why I can quote it now. I'm not sure now that he was right about me. I think that some of what I did with, and to, Penny was bad, and sometimes I even knew that at the time. But he was right about the importance of risk. Even when it doesn't pay off as you might hope. 

As I lay in bed that night I wondered what Penny was doing. I wondered what Peter was doing to her. With her. Whatever. I imagined her face, her body, her cries and gasps, the way her eyes went wide, they way they glazed over, the way they closed and how her eyelids fluttered. 

The following afternoon she met me as I came out of my last lecture. We kissed and she smiled and said "Missed you."

Peter's flat, which had become "The Flat," and soon became "Our Flat," was only five minutes walk away and we chatted as we went. There was a small shop on the corner of the street, and as we got to it Penny said "Could you grab a pint of milk, and maybe some buns? I'll go ahead and get the kettle on."

She almost skipped away. So I bought some currant squares and wandered round to the house in which the flat was, and up the stairs. Penny opened the door. I nearly dropped the shopping bag. 

She stepped backwards as she threw the door wide and dropped into a deep curtsey, bowing her head as she said "Welcome home, Master."

She was naked, apart from her collar and cuffs. 

It was so unexpected that I was frozen for a moment, speechless, but as she looked up shyly and smiled at me I was instantly inflamed. 

I looked her up and down for a second, sweeping my gaze from her scarlet toenails to her loose brunette locks. Her skin was golden and smooth, her pubis covered in dark curls, her nipples hard and crinkled. She straightened up and posed with her hands up to her head, holding her hair up so I could see her collar. The gesture lifted her breasts and exposed her armpits where a little fluff had regrown since I banned her from shaving a few weeks before. It was a surprisingly intimate sight. She turned slowly, showing me all of her body, and saying "Does my outfit please you, Master."

I stepped over the threshold and swung the door closed behind me, moving to take her in my arms and kiss her. "I definitely approve," I said in between kisses. 

Her skin was warm and soft, although I felt the hairs rise on her arms as I ran my finger down her spine and over the sensitive spot where her bottom began. Her time in the gym had firmed her muscles underneath, but she was still deliciously giving as my hand gripped her and I lifted her. 

Penny's arms went round me, and her legs followed as I carried her towards the living room and directly to the bedroom door at the far side. The door was ajar, so I pushed it open and carried her straight to the bed. She swung her legs back and knelt on the duvet as we carried on kissing and she helped me off with my clothes. 

I noticed that the curtains were open, but I didn't care. There was a warm beam of sunshine on my back as she stripped off my shirt, and it was pleasant when she pushed my trousers down to have it on my bare bottom. 

Penny took my cock in her hand and slowly wanked me as she kissed me. Her tongue was soft on my lips, and her other hand traced lines of ticklish sensuality on my neck and spine. Her nipples were harder than ever against my palms. This was better than tea and a currant square. Then she scooted back a foot and dropped her head to engulf my cock in her mouth. 

I spotted our reflection in the dressing-table mirror as my hips went into automatic and I held her head in both hands. Her breasts were swinging slightly, in counter rhythm to my sunlit bottom as I pressed deep into her mouth. Her nose was touching my stomach every few strokes when I pressed a little harder. I could see she was playing with her own pussy with her left hand. 

I was sure she had arranged the mirror at that angle deliberately. Looking round I saw the wardrobe door was also slightly opened, angling the mirror on it towards the head of the bed. If I lay down for her to ride me I would get a great view of her from the side. I smiled. Her exhibitionist streak was obviously at play. The open curtains were part of that, as were her actions when she had answered the door to me. If anyone else had been with me, or passing on the stairs, she would have been exposed. As it was I had no idea if there was anyone living in the house opposite the bedroom window who might be enjoying this display, but the possibility was clearly exciting Penny. 

I pulled her up again, wanting to kiss her and play with her body, reaching to slip my fingers in the slippery furrow that hers had opened up. I pulled her around a little so that she would be more exposed to the window, and she followed my lead, stepping off the bed and turning me round to put my back to it, making me sit down and then straddling me, lifting my cock to her pussy lips, rubbing me across her wetness and finding the angle to guide me in. She pressed down an inch and then rose a little. Then two inches. Then three. Then suddenly all the way, so I felt her tight around my whole shaft and her pubic bone press against my stomach. 

She rode me slowly and fully, her hips swaying as she rose and fell so my cock snaked in her slickness. She pressed me back and kissed me hard, and then said "Relax, Master, I'll take care of everything."

She sat up on me and her hips moved in circles, in all three dimensions. She had her hands in her hair, thrusting her breasts out. They also moved in fascinating ways. I almost laughed at the thought. I wondered for a second what pattern tassels would have made if they were tied to her nipples. She felt my body stiffen then, and rode a little harder. Her eyes had closed and she seemed trance-like as her hands began to wander from her head to her thighs, via breasts and buttocks, through the hair on her mons and across her stomach to tip the other nipple before returning to the start. 

As her chest and face began to flush I burst out with the thought that was in my overheating mind. "God you are beautiful."

She opened her eyes and smiled at me and said "Thank you Master."

She reached out to brush a finger over one of my nipples and said "And so are you."

I could see by her smile that she was very pleased at my remark. She loved to be watched. She was delighted that I appreciated her performance. So I upped the ante. 

I knew she had left the curtains open deliberately, that the idea that she might be seen making love to me was also part of what had her so turned on. I decided to indulge that excitement. "Of course I also love the view from behind you. Turn round and ride me that way a moment."

She complied, swiftly lifting off me, spinning on one leg and repositioning herself, taking my cock in her hand as she reached back between her legs, and guiding herself down onto me so her tight round buttocks pressed against my stomach. 

She was leaning forwards, facing the window, looking down between her legs at my cock as it slid up inside her. So I told her to sit up straight. 

She did. 

I told her to put her hands on her head, to lift her hair up so I could see her neck and all of her back. 

She did. 

It was a fine view, and I did want to see it, but I also knew that she was now wonderfully displayed to anyone looking in the window.

She knew it too, and shuddered with delight.

I told her to open her legs a little more. 

She did. 

I told her to ride me. 

I helped her, putting my hands under her bottom to lift her up and drop her again on each stroke. I imagined what that would look like from the window. A naked, all over tanned, dark haired, full breasted, spread legged, panting and gasping young woman bouncing up and down on a cock. 

I wondered if anyone was watching. I hoped there was. I wished the imagined lucky bastard well. And smugly I knew that whoever was watching would be jealous. And rightly so. 

I came.

In the aftermath we somehow ended up beneath the covers, Penny having removed my shoes and trousers, and I found myself wrapped in her arms and legs, my nose buried in the warmth of her neck as she whispered her thanks softly. 

"Why are you thanking me, Lovergirl?" I asked.

"Because you still want me. Because you took me back again and made me yours again, Master. Because you are proud enough of me to want to show me off to the world."

"But you are simply beautiful, my love, of course I am proud of you," I said as I slipped a hand down over her thigh and round towards her pussy. She lifted her leg to give me access and I slid a finger inside her. She was wet with my come and her own excitement. She gasped, a deep shuddering breath, and her body pressed against me, flowing to fit, her mouth coming to mine and giving me soft kisses. She flexed and rubbed herself against me, and I felt the thrill of her surrender. 

The first time I had put my finger inside her, years before, Penny had been nervous and gripped by guilt as well as passion. The pleasure of the physical touch and the depth of the emotional commitment that she made to allow such intimacy were at war with all the nonsense her upbringing had poured into her. For a moment I had thought she was going to pull away, tell me no, scream or slap me. She froze, and then melted. It was the first time that she let herself go like that, abandoning her guilt and giving herself entirely to me. It was the source of her submission, the beginnings of her desire to be my slave. Even though I still found that tendency in her to be a little disturbing it was also quite incredible to be so trusted, so free to do whatever I wished. Her body was then, and now, at my complete disposal, no part of it untouchable, no part of her concealed. Mine, to do with as I pleased.

I took pleasure then in giving her pleasure. I listened to her breathing and paid attention to every twitch and tension in her muscles. I could read her easily now, time strokes and touches, surprise her and drive her on to orgasm, bring her to the brink and back off and then push her over the edge and do it again. And again. I drove the breath from her body, I left her unable to cry out, unable to move. 

Eventually I relented, when my hand got tired and her body became too over saturated with sensation to be able to respond. She lay on top of me and simply panted. I kissed the top of her head, and fell back to rest myself.

When she got her breath back again she kissed my chest and snuggled against me. "Now I have to say thank you again," she murmured. 

"It was my pleasure," I responded. 

"I have to go back to my parents' house tonight. But Dad is going to drop me off here with some stuff in the morning. They want to come for tea, tomorrow. With you."

"What?" I said, trying to work this out. 

"I've told them we aren't moving in together, but Mum told me not to be silly. She said they both knew full well that you would be staying over, so we might as well make it formal - they are coming for tea with us, both us, as a couple, in our flat. Then they go home, leaving me with you. What happens after is our business, not theirs."

"Hmm. Is this like your father giving you away at a wedding?"

"Something like that, I suppose. Don't worry, they both think you are great you know. It will be fine. But sadly now we have to go. Mum is expecting me for tea."

It turned out that she was right. Her parents were in good and charming form the following evening, and could have settled in for a long night of chat and probably a game of cards. I was offering whiskeys at about nine o'clock, expecting her dad's usual answer "Well, if you insist..." when her mother cut across the imminent mock-reluctant acceptance and said firmly to Penny's father that it was getting late and time they were off. 

He shook my hand at the door. Her mother kissed my cheek, and hers. 

I was filled with the embarrassing certainty that they thought they knew damn well what their beloved and beautiful only daughter was about to do with me. 

When they had driven off I turned to Penny and said "Well, that was nice," and then I kissed her, with gentle but obvious intent. "And so was that."

She giggled. "Hmmn, yes. Why don't we go in and find out what other nice things we could do this evening?"

As soon as the door closed I had her in my arms, kissing her and crushing her against me. She wriggled and sighed and kissed me back, and lifted one leg to rub her thigh against mine. I pushed the long gypsy skirt she was wearing up over her raised knee and slid my hand beneath it. 

I wasn't surprised to find her stocking tops. 

I was a little surprised to find her pussy was uncovered. No knickers, just fluffy curls and firm lips beneath. She lifted her leg further and pushed towards my fingers to make me enter her. 

It was an awkward angle, but I sank one finger into the second joint, and then after a couple of strokes managed to get a second fingertip in beside it. She grunted. Not a ladylike sound, but strangely charming in its primal intensity. 

I was quite surprised when, as I pushed in further to her very wet slit and her tongue was thrust into my mouth, my little finger hit something hard. 

I instantly realised it was her butt plug. 

I pressed against it, making her gasp again. "When did you put that in?" I asked

"This afternoon, when I had my shower after we had brought my things up from the car. Dad went off to get Mum, and I got ready for you. But you didn't get here before they got back. So I have been ready all evening."

I laughed, and slipped my fingers back into her pussy, saying "I can feel that you are very ready."

She shuddered and hissed "Please take me to the bedroom, Master."

I pulled my hand away and twirled her round, pushing her towards the living room door. I kept close behind her, guiding her with a hand on her bottom and one on her shoulder across the room, but as we passed the sofa I had an idea. I gave her a little push to the side and spun her round the other way as she sought to regain her balance. She collided with the back of the sofa and fell head first over it with a squeal. 

Flipping her skirt up with one hand I revealed her naked bottom, and had a fine view of the black rubber T piece that covered her asshole, and her wet and open pussy below it. 

She struggled a little to get her face out of the seat cushion, but that made spread her legs wider and push her bottom toward me as she did so. 

"My, my. There's something nice." I said, and unzipped my fly. 

With one hand I rubbed the head of my cock up and down her pussy lips, coating it with her juices and opening them up. With the other I took hold of the base of the butt plug and pulled it up gently, easing the wider part of it through her muscle ring, stretching her a little. 

Penny groaned and then whimpered as I paused. I gave her pussy lips another caress with my tip and then found the opening, pressing the head just inside. She sighed, and then said "Oh, Master!" when I pushed down on the plug and pushed in with my cock. 

She was tight with the bulk of the rubber thing pressing through her thin flesh against my shaft, but she was also incredibly wet. I had never seen her so flooded, so turned on. No wonder. She had been sitting for three or four hours with me and her parents as the butt plug stimulated her and she fantasised about the moment that they left and I could have her alone. 

I pushed deep with my hips as I pulled the T piece up again, releasing the pressure in her bottom. Then I held still inside her as I pressed the plug back down. We both groaned. I pulled up the plug, this time bringing the widest part right out, but leaving an inch or so of the four inch long rubber arrowhead still inside her. I felt her muscles flex and she gripped my shaft. So I pushed down again and popped the plug back in, which caused her to grip me again. 

Each time I pulled it up and pushed it home she twitched and gasped. I found a rhythm, slightly pulsing my cock in counter time so as I pushed home one shaft I was pulling back on the other. 

Penny began to wail. It started as a series of groans and then "Oh gosh, Oh gosh" but quickly became simple "Oh, oh," in low tones that rise up the scale with each thrust. The last coherent thing she said was "Oh Sean, oh my god!" before she let herself fall face first into the cushion and reached back with both hands to pull her bottom cheeks apart. 
