 Penny was frozen in horror for a moment as we looked out of our bedroom window. Below us Paul was holding his girlfriend Liz by the hair while he pounded on our front door.

I was horrified too, but adrenaline flooded me. I grabbed a robe and raced down stairs, where I threw open the door. Before I could speak Paul threw Liz at me. 

"Here, keep the bitch! See if I care! Fucking slut! Have her! Add her to your collection of sluts!"

He turned and stormed off down the street. Liz half collapsed, weeping, in my arms. I helped her inside. Penny had followed me down and grabbed her and hugged her, and when I looked up our house mate Tilly was at the bottom of the stairs. She gave me a brief look, and said "I'll put the kettle on, shall I?"

We took Liz into the living room where she continued to weep, and wail. It was only then I saw her nose was bleeding and she had a cut lip. 

Calling the police was debated, Liz said "No." I'm still sure we should have. But we helped her clean up and cry, and drink tea and cry, and curse and cry, and sleep. Penny took her to our bed, I slept on the sofa. 

Tilly had been good enough to make tea and go to bed, leaving us our privacy. But in the morning she was first up, and since she handed me a cup of tea, as I woke on the couch, I thought I owed her an explanation. 

"It is sort of complicated..." I began

"Your friend, or rather, ex-friend I think, seemed to think it was simple."

"Yes. Paul is a simple kind of guy." I said, clutching for a story to tell. 

"Well, I don't know about that, but from him shouting about 'lezzie whores' and 'you want to fuck him again, you can fuck him all you like' I did get the idea that simplicity in his sex life appealed to him."

"Ah. Is that what he said?"

"My window was open." She gave me a strange look, and a half smile. "So, let me guess. The simple version is that when you stayed overnight on Friday things got complex? Drink taken, clothes removed, all good fun, and now in the sober light of day the green eyed monster comes out and spoils it all?"

"Pretty much, yes."

"Oh well, I can hardly blame you, or Penny, she is a pretty little thing. Will she... it is Liz, isn't it? Will she be staying?"

"I don't know. Yes, it is Liz."

"Well if you are setting up a ménage can I recommend that you get a larger bed or two more small ones? You should never sleep as a pair and a single - it leads to jealousy and plate throwing. In my experience anyway."

I sat speechless. 

She went on "Also put it on a proper footing from the start: she pays rent and bills, and we put her on the chores rota. Although, if she can pay the same as we are now we could put that to getting a cleaner. What do you think?"

"I..."

"Are you alright? You look like a goldfish."

I closed my mouth, and took a calming breath. Now was not the time to ask about her experience with multiple partners. Play it cool. "Good idea," I said "Although she may go home to her parents. Rushing into living with someone after a trauma might be a bad idea."

"Yes. Just because you all got on well in the sack once doesn't necessarily mean much. Well, I have to do some work, but I will be back around five. Penny's cooking tonight I believe."

As she left the room I was again struck by the same thought that I had some weeks before when Tilly had talked about our sex life - this could all get very complicated. 

Liz was in volatile form that day. Her cut lip was swollen, one eye was black, and she had bruises on her arms, back, legs and hands. One very nasty bruise on her inner thigh spoke volumes about what Paul had done with his feet. Her hands and knees were cut from her falling to the ground as Paul had dragged her along the streets from their flat to our house. Fortunately there was nothing broken. At least nothing physical anyway. 

She wouldn't hear talk of the police - and she wouldn't call her parents either, for the same reason - it emerged that her brother was, as the saying went "connected." She feared that if he found out about what happened, Paul would end up without kneecaps. Or worse. Even I agreed that such a fate was perhaps more than he deserved. And of course she couldn't go to the cops - they were the enemy, as far as her family was concerned. 

She was also ashamed. She didn't want anyone to know Paul had beaten her and thrown her out. She didn't want anyone to know why. She blamed herself. Briefly she blamed me, and Penny, but not for long. There was a lot of crying and name calling. 

All we could do was be nice and offer to let her hide with us until she healed. 

I got a chance to talk to Penny when Liz went for a nap that afternoon. Of course we agreed we had to help Liz, but how long would she be with us? And what would the sleeping arrangements be? Penny looked askance at me when I said that, and I explained. "Look, I'm not suggesting we all get in bed tonight for a mad sex session. I'm not that insensitive. But I don't want to sleep on the sofa, and I don't want her to feel rejected and lonely and have to be on her own, and I don't want you to be on the sofa either. So ... Well she is very small. The three of us will fit. What do you think?"

At bed time we did as we had planned. Penny said she was tired, and said to Liz "Are you coming to bed?" 

Liz said "Yes. I'm tired too."

Penny looked at me and said "You too?" 

And as arranged I said "I'll be up in a while. I just want to finish this chapter."

So the girl's went upstairs, and I read on for a few minutes, knowing it would give Liz a chance to talk to Penny. Any objection or hesitation, we had agreed, would be supported by us, and we had also agreed an opening line for Penny to use if there was any problem. 

So I finished my chapter, and went up stairs with three glasses of water. I didn't knock at the bedroom door, but I did make a fuss of opening it and going in slowly. Liz was in bed. Penny was chatting to her as she was putting on her nightshirt. I got a flash of Penny's perfect nipples just as they were being covered up. 

"Hi darling," Penny began. I breathed easier. If there was a problem she was to say "Oh Sean..."

"Liz was wondering if you could take a note to her tutor tomorrow. I'm in a lecture at the time."

"Yeah, no problem." I said, and put the tray of glasses on the bed. I lifted my pyjamas and went to the bathroom. 

When I got back Penny was in bed, in the middle. I got in beside her, she kissed me goodnight, and we all went to sleep. 

It took me a while to go over. I had a lot to think about.

Liz looked better and was in better mood the next day. I took her note to her tutor, and Penny went down town and bought some new knickers and a bra for Liz. We had a council of war around the dinner table, Tilly joined in.

Someone had to go to Paul, to arrange a time for Liz to get her stuff. Tilly volunteered. I said I would go with her. Liz looked up shyly. "Not a good idea. Penny could. But I don't think he would want to see you, Sean. The argument was about you. At least to start with."

I hadn't heard how it had started. It seemed invidious comparisons had been made. She was angry. He had been moody and snappy for two days. He wanted sex, she wanted foreplay. My name came up. End of civility.

The next question was where to take the stuff once she retrieved it. I said that I had talked to Penny, and Tilly, and she was welcome to move in with us. I told her what the rent was, and said "If you just want to stay here we can make up a bed in the study. Or, if you want, you can stay with us. Penny and me. Tilly doesn't mind."

Liz looked shyly at her, and then me. "I wondered about that. I was surprised no one said anything this morning."

"Oh I'm very open minded, and very discrete," said Tilly. "If you like you can put some things in my room and make it look like you sleep there whenever your parents come to visit."

Liz looked surprised. "Oh. Yes. My parents. I suppose I will have to tell them I'm moving. Dad will be unbearable. He didn't want me to move in with Paul. 'Living in sin.' Jesus, what would he say if he knew? What if Paul tells him?"

"Unlikely. Apart from anything Paul's scared of your family. He hit you, he's got to know your brother might... hit him."

Liz and Penny and Tilly all looked at me in horror. "Well, it is true. He told me once that your family scared him. I didn't know why, but it makes sense now."

So it was arranged. Tilly and Penny tracked Paul down the next day by staking out his lectures. He handed over a key to the flat, since Liz had been dragged out without hers, and Penny had a quiet word with him. It was a speech I prepped her for. Paul was told to keep his mouth shut, or Liz would tell her brother. Any bother, any rumour, and he would be turned over to The Boys. Any word about Penny or me, and he would need a wheelchair. 

Penny didn't want to say it, to make the threat, but I convinced her. 

It worked. He never spoke a word, and used to turn and flee at the sight of any of us. I felt bad about that sometimes. But not often. 

Liz paid her rent, avoided her parents for a week or two until the bruises healed, then told them she had been avoiding them because she was unhappy and leaving Paul, and she had found a new place to live, and invited them over. Tilly went out for the evening. They agreed her room was very nice, and although they didn't approve of me and Penny very much, (we were living in sin) they were grateful we took their daughter in. 

That night, after they left, Penny turned to Liz as she walked back into the living room from closing the front door and said "So it's official then. We live together."

She stepped over to her and kissed her, and hugged her. Not just a peck on the cheek, but a full lips together melding into lips open, tongues, hands, clothing-rumpled kiss.

Liz responded in kind. I was sitting about six feet away on the sofa, and just watched for a minute, until Penny broke the kiss and looked down at Liz to say "Bed?"

Liz nodded "Yes"

Penny looked at me and said "You coming?"

I said "Not quite yet, but it might not be long."

She stuck her tongue out at me. It was a pretty tongue. Quite pointy. 

I got off the seat and stepped over to them, an arm round each, and they each kissed me. Hands roved onto my bottom, and fingers found my shirt buttons. "Bed." I said. 

I chased the two of them up the stairs, and into our bedroom. A frantic round of kisses and stripping went on, and we ended up in a heap of naked skin and hair, caressing each other on the bed. 

I don't know whose lips closed around my cock for the first time. I was deep between Liz's thighs, enjoying her in a way that the foolish Paul never could. It was fleeting though, not too much of a distraction. Everything that night was like that: wonderful but hard to remember. In my head it is kaleidoscopic; bright, beautiful, fragmented, ever changing. 

Small things stand out. Rather like Liz. I was constantly struck by her size, her lightness, her seeming fragility and surprising toughness. I would go to do something that I would have done with Penny and be amazed at how thin her arms or legs were, how easy it was to lift her or move her, or bounce her. 

But the moments of beauty are the ones that really remain with me. Liz so pale, and still marked by fading bruises in some places, wrapped in Penny's tanned arms and legs. The contrast of the white, small, smooth rounded bump of her breast against the honey coloured cone of Penny's, little pink nipple standing proud beside the larger, darker, almost brown. 

The view between their four legs, dark chestnut bush and thick black tangle, pale thighs and golden, pale pink lips and rosey wine. 

Liz's tongue, wet and pointed, drawing out of the mouth it had been exploring, up over Penny's upper lip to touch her nose. 

The round, naked shoulder I kissed as I took Penny from behind, and the sight of Liz sucking on Penny's breast, pinching her other nipple with delicate thumb and finger. 

Those fingers, tiny, slim, glistening with the honey of Penny's body, pausing for a moment and then sliding in again. Four fingers. Penny reaching down to hold her hand, grabbing the wrist and pressing Liz's digits in further. And then, at my whispered suggestion, Liz folding in her thumb, and trying again. 

My cock opening Liz's pussy, dark bush clinging to the shaft as I pulled back. 

Penny's tongue running round Liz's ass hole as I licked Liz's clitoris and felt her suck my cock deep. 

Penny's eyes as she looked up at me, her nose pressed into the patch of hair at the base of my stomach, her lips clamped around the base of my cock, her throat open to take my glans. Her eyes were sparkling, smiling, full of life and love and joy.

Liz's toes, curled and suddenly spread wide as she came with Penny's fingers in her pussy and tongue on her clit, and my cock in her mouth, my hands rubbing her breasts. 

Penny's pussy spread by Liz, wet and about to be licked as she lay on her back with arms relaxed and eyes closed, and I took Liz from behind. 

Liz's wrist with Penny's pussy stretched around it.

The two girls kissing, laughing, over my deflating cock, after I came in Liz's mouth while Penny licked my balls. 

Liz slept in the middle that night. 

Tilly was droll over breakfast. She had come home sometime after we retired to the bedroom, but before we went asleep. "Really Sean, if you are going to continue to be that good in bed we might have to get soundproofing on the walls."

I apologised for disturbing her. 

"Oh you didn't disturb me. I quite enjoyed it. That's why I didn't say 'soundproofing on the ceiling'. But old Mrs Hanna is probably scandalised, and I daren't think of what Mr McKnight must think."

I grinned. I knew exactly what our neighbours would think, and I was sure neither was scandalised. Mrs Hanna was a wicked-eyed widow who I was sure had a fancy for me. McKnight was a middle aged university lecturer, and I had no doubt he did not mind his fantasies being fuelled. 

For the past two weeks Liz had been sleeping with us but on the far side of the bed, and there had been no sex at all. Well, not in bed at night. Penny and I had respected her injuries and her trauma. So we had sneaked off in the car, found places around the University, did it in my parents house in my old bedroom (which was a lot of fun, as it turned out, I could fulfil fantasies from my teenage years that had never been possible before). We had had quickies in the afternoon when Liz was at lectures. But now that the taboo was broken we could return to a more open and active lifestyle. 

I think Liz was surprised. And I was soon exhausted. After four nights in a row of Penny starting things off and me feeling that I had to give both girls equal attention, I was simply incapable of doing it again. Penny pouted. Liz laughed, and said "I know what you mean."

Penny pouted more. "But I'm horny."

"You are always horny, darling, which is one of the many reasons I love you. Why don't you open that box in the bottom of the wardrobe and play with one of the toys?"

That made Liz perk up. "What box? What do you mean toys?"

I headed them off and fetched the box myself. I opened it, and I found the two vibrators, the palm massager, and the double ended dildo. Then I closed the box, with a firm look at Penny and the words "That should be enough to keep you going."

"Or get me coming," she said playfully. 

I carefully put the box back in the wardrobe. I didn't want the rest of its contents to be taken out. 

The girl's examined each of the objects, and Penny talked about them, and showed Liz how to change the heads on the Non Doctor, and how to vary the speed. 

Liz was wide eyed and soon wide legged. Penny had placed the vibrating tip on Liz's hand, then on her breast, peaking a nipple in a half a second, and then slid it down over the nightshirt until it was between Liz's thighs. Even through the thickness of the shirt and the panties below it was enough to set Liz squealing and gasping. 

I lay back and watched. Penny drew circles on the exposed crotch of Liz's knickers, and reached for the palm massager. This was another battery powered device that had a round pad that fitted in the palm and a strap over the back of the hand. It just had two speed settings, but the bumpy under-surface when applied to a breast was highly effective. 

Liz came. 

Penny was kind enough to lift both the vibes away, and turned them off. Liz lay twitching. It had taken less than two minutes. 

Penny stroked her hair back in a gesture that reminded me powerfully of the way Liz had cared for her the night we brought Penny home drunk and we had ended up making out in the study. "You okay, darling?" asked Penny, and her voice was full of affection. It was the way she spoke to me sometimes. I was almost jealous, but who could be jealous of Liz, especially in her post orgasmic beauty?

My words to Paul can back to me as I saw Penny bend to lovingly kiss her little lover. I had told him that Liz wasn't going to run off with Penny, nor Penny run off with Liz. Yet always in our lovemaking in the last four nights Penny and Liz had spent a lot of time together, and their kisses were passionate and tender. This wasn't just sex. 

The wonder in Liz's eyes when she opened them was delightful. "Holy God! Why did no one ever tell me about this sort of thing before?"

I laughed and said "Oh come on Liz, you had heard about vibrators before."

"Yes, but no one really told me about them, really described what they feel like!"

I laughed again. Penny smiled and said "And you haven't even had one inside yet."

Liz groaned, and shivered, and said "Ooh! What an idea!"

She had her knickers off in a moment, and her legs open, displaying herself to me without any hesitation. Penny raised the Non Doctor and turned it on low speed. 

Watching Liz's face as Penny lowered the vibrator to touch her pale thigh, and slid it up to touch her bush covered mons, I saw a wonderful display of excitement, fear, anticipation and pleasure. She was beautiful, I thought. And so was Penny. Two perfect bodies. Maybe I could manage to join in after all.

Penny pushed the black tip of the vibe into Liz as I watched Liz's reaction. Shocking pleasure. Instant panting and a half grimace. Then huge deep breaths as she fought to control herself. 

I glanced down and saw the gold band around the black plastic rod was just emerging from the wet, pink flesh that clung to it. The gleaming colour contrasted sharply with the dark hair around it. I thought of how that pussy looked when my cock was there. How she felt, hot and tight and wet and wriggling. How it would feel to take her now. 

Liz bucked and cried out. She was coming again. This time Penny pushed things on. She began slipping the dildo in and out, rapidly, in time with Liz's breathing, and latched her mouth onto Liz's left nipple. It must have been hard to keep the suction going. Liz was almost jumping off the bed, her legs were spasmodic and twitching.

Penny played her down, slowing the stokes and holding her, turning off the vibrations, gently removing the vibe after a few more gentle strokes, hugging Liz to her and resting a hand to cover her sex protectively.

"Are you having a good time yet?" Penny asked. 

Liz grinned weakly and whispered "Ohh yes."

They hugged and kissed and Liz recovered, and as soon as she could get her breath she said "Okay, your turn."

Penny was more used to the effects of a vibrator, although we hadn't used one in months, so it wasn't such a shock or such a thrill, but Liz was quick to experiment and learn what worked. 

The winning ticket was to have the Non Doctor on low speed just caressing Penny's clitoris while using the pink, anatomically exaggerated, second vibrator to slide in and out rhythmically. 
