 This whole adventure started when my wife Eve and I, spent three months in the Bahamas on our 38 foot cabin cruiser boat. We were in Freeport at the yacht club and we asked the bartender if he knew of any local guides we could hire to teach us local knowledge about the waters. He said he knew the perfect person. His name was Sammy. I asked if he could have him stop by our boat.

The next morning while Eve and I were eating breakfast, a very good looking and well spoken black man came onboard our boat. He said his name was Sammy and the bartender had sent him. After a short conversation I was impressed with his knowledge of the local waters and Eve liked him too. I asked if he could start right then. He said yes and we shoved off in 30 minutes. 

My wife Eve is a very nice looking 31 year old woman. She has light brown hair, C cup tits that since she has never bore children her tits retained their perfect youthful shape. She weighs in at about 110 Lbs. and is 5 foot 3 inches tall. Once we were under way she was sunning her self on the suntan platform just aft of the upper steering station. The suntan platform was an area about 8 feet by 8 foot of plastic covered foam rubber perfect for sun bathing, napping or screwing.

I was piloting our cruiser along the Bahamian coast when Sammy said my god your wife has beautiful tits. I thought that was a bit brazen. But when I turned and looked at Eve she had removed the top of her bikini to sunbath. Sammy said your wife has no tan lines. I explained Eve and I were both nudist and when ever we were at sea we never wore clothing. Sammy said he was good with that, so we all striped. 

As Sammy removed his clothing I was impressed with the size and girth of his cock. It was at least 12 inches long and as big around as a beer bottle. It swung between his legs like an elephant's trunk. I have never been turned by a guy but this guy had a very well developed muscular body.

Then Eve asked Sammy to apply some suntan lotion on her. I was shocked she did not ask me to do it. I looked at her inquisitively and she gave me that look so I backed off and watched. Sammy went right to work. We have a small bucket that we keep a selection of lotions in. Sammy went for the SPF 20 and gently and passionately applied it to her face. Then some SPF 30 to her nose. He was meticulous about how he placed each lotion on her body. 

He carefully put some SPF 15 on Eve's chest and belly. He massaged it in thoroughly especially when he got to Eves ample breasts. Her head lights came on like I had never seen before. Then More SPF 15 lotion applied down her legs. I must admit at this point I was very aroused. I could feel my cock getting hard just watching Sammy's black hand's touching my wife's white skin. 

That is when Sammy went for the coconut scented tanning oil. He poured it on her pubic region and quickly put his hand on her to massage it in. Immediately I saw Eve's body react to the touch of Sammy's large black hands in her pubic region. Eve moved her body around so I could watch Sammy's hand groping her cunt while I sat in the captain's seat. 

Sammy gently and sensually stroked Eve's clit. Her legs spread slightly and my cock twitched between my legs. Eve made some whimpers and moans. Then she spread her legs farther. Sammy put two fingers in her snatch, then three fingers and stroked her clit with his thumb. I could see copious quantities of pussy juice poring from her cunt as she had her first orgasm. 

I was so distracted I didn't realize I was about to run the boat aground on a deserted Bahamian beach. I immediately swung the helm around and aimed the boat off shore and set the auto pilot so I wouldn't need to watch where we were heading as closely. 

Sammy massaged Eves snatch into a tumultuous orgasm. All the while Eve was stroking his now stiff and huge black cock. I must admit it looked like a lethal weapon. It was black as the ace of spades with large blood vessels bulging from it. There were several ribbons of precum drooling from the head. I looked in disbelief as I wonder how that huge tool could fit in any woman. It was so hard it bounced up and would touch his belly.

Eve signaled for me to come closer to them. And she said she wanted me to go 69 with her. She laid me on my back and she rolled over on top of me. It was a glorious sight looking at her snatch so closely. I could smell her sex and heat. I immediately started licking and sucking on her clit. Her juices were running down onto my face and into my mouth. 

I forgot about Sammy until I heard Eve tell Sammy to start fucking her like a bitch dog in heat. I kept sucking on Eve's clit even when I saw Sammy's huge black cock addressing Eve's cunt. I'm telling you I had a front row seat for this show. It was a little intimidating at first; being that close to another mans cock. I have never been homophobic so I figured I would go with the flow. 

Sammy had a huge nut sack to go with his monster dong and it was slapping me on my far head with each stroke he took. I watched how with each thrust Sammy's cock went deeper in Eve's now stretched cunt. It was like watching a long train going into a tunnel. Eve was screaming. At first I though she was in pain and perhaps she was considering the size of Sammy's cock. But soon those cries of pain obviously became cries of ecstasy. 

I could feel the heat from the two of them. I could smell the mixing of their juices just an inch from my eyes, nose and mouth. After a protracted period of time both of their breathing became faster Eve's body was fucking back to meet Sammy's thrusts harder and harder. They both began to pant and I heard Sammy say he was coming. Eve was coming at the same time. 

It seemed like Sammy orgasmed for severe minutes. I watched the base of his cock pump his seed into Eve's cunt. All the while their combined juices were running on to my face and into my mouth. I was so horny, the thought of another mans cum in my mouth didn't cross my mind. Only the thrill of the moment was in my head. Eve prolonged my orgasm by gently holding my cock with her hand. As Sammy withdrew his cock from Eves red hot inflamed gash. A large wad of hot cum oozed from deep with in her pink hole. I was so horny I opened my mouth and let the wad drop in my mouth. I savored the flavor; it was slightly salt and warm. The only thought that went through my mind was "I like this". 

Sammy's now flaccid cock was hanging directly above my mouth. So all I did was let it in and I sucked the cum directly form it. Sammy liked this and allowed his cock to be drawn into my mouth by my sucking motion. It was fantastic the feel of that huge black cock in my mouth. I could feel the veins and taste the sex all over it. Then I saw more cum coming from Eves snatch. So I went back to her to greedily suck up the last of Sammy's seed. As I was doing that Eve sucked my purple throbber into her mouth. I instantly unloaded my seed into her mouth. Afterwards we all just laid in a pile on the suntan mat. 

Chapter 2

After basking in the after glow of the fuck session, Eve offered to make lunch. Sammy offered to help her and they both went to the galley to prepare the noon meal. Later I looked through a port hole and I saw the two of them sitting at the dinette talking. When they came up with the tray of food I asked what they were talking about. Eve said Sammy had told her about an Island called Russell Island. It was about 130 miles away and it had some very beautiful beaches to explore. I said we could be there by about this time tomorrow. So we set a course for Russell Island and we were on our way. 

The next day we pulled into the marina on Russell Island. Sammy said he had a friend on the island and while I fueled the boat he would look for him. A short time later Sammy was back with his friend. His name was Ray. Ray was not nearly as good looking as Sammy. He had a bit of a gut and was pretty much an unremarkable black man. But he did seem to have a pleasant personality. Sammy said Ray had agreed to show us around the Island. I agreed and we cast off the boat from the dock.

We traveled a short distance and soon we were anchored in a private secluded cove. Before I knew it Eve, Sammy and Ray were all naked on the suntan mat. I noticed Ray did not have a large cock like Sammy. But Ray's 6 inch dick was still bigger then my 4 incher. 

I was beginning to feel left out, as I watched the two of them kissing, stroking, and fondling my wife. I started to say hay what the hell are you all doing, and my wife interrupted me. "Shut the fuck up little dick". I was shocked. Then she said. Do you remember that iron clad prenuptial agreement you signed? I said yes. Well if you want to enjoy the life style you have so far in this marriage. You will just do what you are told, got that. She was right I signed a prenept that would leave me with out even money to get back to the US if she throws me of the boat here. So I decided to just learn to like it. 

Eve told me to get on my knees and use my mouth to get Sammy hard. I guess it was not so bad because I really didn't have any choice in the matter. I got between Sammy's legs and placed his flaccid cock in my mouth. There was a musty smell but not bad. I ran my tongue under the bottom of the head of his penis. I could feel the veins and the shape of his circumcised cock. Sammy put his large hands behind my head so he could control the movement of my head. Soon his massive member was growing in my mouth. Sammy grabbed my hair so I could not get away. He pushed his leviathan of a black baby maker down my throat. I was choking but his powerful hands had me totally controlled. 

All the while Ray was eating Eves snatch. Eve was writhing in ecstasy I could hear the sounds Ray's mouth was making as he worked her clit in his mouth. Then Eve said lets switch partners. I though what now? Sammy let go of my head and instantly started to mount Eve. Ray started looking at me in a way I knew was not going to be good for me. 

Ray forcefully spun me around and pushed me over the captain's chair. He spit on his fingers and my ass hole and stuck a finger straight in. It hurt some but I knew it was going to get worse before it got better. I watched as Sammy viciously fucked Eve. She was making animal noises and I could only hope she was enjoying what was happening. 

That is when Ray put the head of his cock against my pucker hole. He began applying pressure and it hurt. I really under estimated how powerful Ray was. When I tried to get away he grabbed my arm and twisted it behind my back so I could do nothing but just take it. My ass felt like it was being torn open. I thought some real damage was being done to my ass hole. I cried out for him to stop. He just slapped my head and he said the more I cried and begged the more he liked it. 

Eve's arms and legs were wrapped around Sammy in the throws of passion. I suspect they were unaware of anything else but their own pleasure. I could see Sammy's massive member ramming in then out of Eves inflamed gash. Eve's legs were being tossed about like a ragdolls legs. Eve was making noises I never heard her make before. 

Ray's cock was slamming into my ass now at a feverish rate. Each stroke was getting a little less painful. I could feel his cod sack slapping mine with each thrust. I thought about the KY jelly that I had in the main state room that I wish I could have used before this ass fucking. When Ray began to climax he grabbed my shoulder with such force it left a large black and blue mark. Just then he twisted my arm just enough to make me cry out in pain and he went over the edge. I could feel his load filling my bowels. I could feel his cock pulsing and throbbing in my butt. It really was a wonderful feeling. 

That is when I noticed Eve and Sammy. They were obviously both Cuming simultaneously. Afterwards we all fell silent for a few moments. Then Eve said "little dick get up here and clean me up" This I was looking forward to. I got into position as quickly as I could. No small feat considering my ass hole felt like there was barbed wire in it. 

I got between Eves legs and I licked and sucked out every bit of love juice I could find. Then Eve made me masturbate in a cup and I was made to drink my own cum. Eve told me I better start liking this, because it was going to be a big part of my sex life from now on. Well I guess it could be worse right?