 I'm sorry for the delay in getting this chapter written and posted. I hope it was worth the wait. If you haven't read the first four chapters, I suggest you do so you'll know how our characters have arrived at this point. 

*

As if the incredible sex of the night before hadn't been enough, Lily woke me that Saturday morning by teasing my cock to hardness with a combination of deft hand work and a wet tongue in my ear. When I, and it, both were awake, she kissed me deeply and then dived under the covers to suck on my dick for a little while. I was hoping it was what she calls it a good luck kiss before sex, but when she came up for air she reminded me that we were chaperones for the marching band's trip to a competition that afternoon.

"Maybe you can fuck me when we get back," she cooed, "but for now I just want to suck you off. Better hurry, Bill. We've got to be at the school pretty soon. We're chaperones for the band trip, remember?"

There was nothing slow and subtle about this blowjob. Lily wanted cream and it was only a few moments before her very active mouth got every bit of sperm my balls could possibly have made since the night before. Just like the night before, she held every bit of it in her mouth until our lips met in a deep romantic kiss, then flooded my taste buds with the richness of my own jism.

"I love you, my sexy cum-loving pervert," she giggled as she bounced out of bed. I soon heard the water running as she began her shower. I decided to join her even though we didn't have time to fool around in the shower. As it was, we barely got ourselves dressed and our son delivered to the school in time to get his instrument and uniform before the buses began loading. Linda had arranged the seating so that she and Charles and Lily and I were all on the same bus. This was the first time I had met Charles, who turned out to be a very tall, broad-shouldered, handsome man. Charles sat next to me, saying that he knew the ladies would get into a conversation and he'd rather not get caught in the crossfire. "And I wanted to thank you for showing Linda such a good time the other day," he said with a wink. "She told me you knew I was watching. 

"I'm glad you're still talking to me, I said, very relieved that he wasn't angry with me for fucking his wife. "So how was it, having your fantasy come true?" 

"Hot," he practically groaned. "That was the hottest thing I've ever seen or done, and I'm ready for it to happen again." 

We didn't have much longer to talk and we couldn't really get into deep details since we were on a bus full of minors, so Charles and I eventually fell into the usual "guy talk" subjects – sports and cars, mostly. I discovered him to be very easy to talk to and felt like we were just beginning a very nice friendship. Linda and Lily, for their part were getting along famously. There seemed to be a genuine friendship forming between us all, and I was very happy with that outcome.

The trip was short, only about a half-hour, and the kids performed fantastically, gathering the highest scores of the competition from the judges for their show. Before we loaded up for the ride back, Lily pulled me aside and told me that she had thanked Linda for her suggestion. "She tried to act so clueless when I said that," Lily laughed, "and then, when I said that you'd really enjoyed the creampie, I thought she was going to jump out the bus window."

"You have a cruel streak, Lily," I chuckled. 

"I didn't let her suffer long, she quipped. "I told her I was OK with it. In fact, I told her that the next time you two get together, I want to be there to watch."

"And what did she say to that?" I asked. I was sure Linda wasn't that much of an exhibitionist.

"She asked me how soon" Lily laughed. "God, Billy, she must love your dick – not that I blame her."

When we got back to the school, our son came over and told us that he was invited to a party at a friend's house and asked if he could go and also spend the night. Since it was an old friend and I knew that his parents would be there to keep an eye on things, I was fine with it. Plus, Lily and I would have the evening to ourselves, which gave me lots of ideas. About the time I was going to suggest we continue where we'd left off that morning, Linda and Charles come over to where we were and asked if we'd be interested in getting together that evening, since Abby was spending the rest of the weekend with her friend Lexy. Lily was quick to suggest that they come to our house, so we made plans for around six that evening and said our goodbyes.

Lily and I spent the rest of the afternoon in a state of high anticipation while we straightened up the house and got it ready for our guests. Several times Lily made a comment about how handsome Charles was, so I quipped, "I thought you only wanted to watch me fuck Linda."

"I do want to watch you with her, but I'm only trying to be fair," she quipped. "You fucked Linda, after all, why shouldn't he and I have some fun?" That was only too true, and once Lily planted the idea of letting Charles fuck her, it made my cock instantly hard. Lily saw my rapidly growing, twitching bulge. "You seem to like the idea," Lily chuckled, running her hand across the tent in my trousers. "What would you think about cleaning me up with your tongue when he's through?"

I wanted to answer with something flippant, but all I managed was a groan. My knees were about to buckle at the thought of running my tongue through a fresh load of another man's cum in my wife's pussy. My cock twitched against Lily's hand. "Hold that thought," Lily told me, giving me a kiss and a final squeeze before putting me to work with a broom. I'll admit I thought about it a lot. I was thinking about it so much that it was difficult not to give in to the temptation of jacking off in the shower. Six o'clock seemed to take forever to arrive, but soon the hour arrived.

Even though it was the first time we'd gotten together socially with them, our evening with Charles and Linda felt like time with old friends. We talked easily with each other during dinner about anything and everything. Both Linda and Lily shamelessly flirted with Charles and me. Charles, for his part, seemed fascinated by Lily's braless C-cup boobs, which jiggled enticingly under the slinky silk blouse she had chosen for the evening. She had strategically unbuttoned it far enough that she could flash him enticing views of her cleavage, which she did quite flagrantly, bending down in front of him to refill his wineglass or offer him a platter of the food she had made. Linda and I weren't jealous. We were playing our own games with each other under the table. Linda was obviously braless, too. Her tiny breasts didn't jiggle, of course, but the hard points of her amazing puffy nipples stuck through her clingy knit dress like bullets, showing her obvious arousal to us all.

When we left the table and moved to the living room for after dinner drinks, Linda sat next to me on a loveseat while Charles and Lily sat opposite us on the couch. Lily sat sideways on the couch, facing Charles, though she often leaned over to touch his arm as she made some point or another in her conversation. It was obvious that she was also giving him more downblouse views, and I could see that she had undone yet another button of her blouse to make the view even better. Linda scooted in close to me and at one point I put my arm around her and she contentedly snuggled in under my shoulder and drew my hand to her tits as we watched our spouses flirt with each other. 

After a while, Linda whispered in my ear, "Charles is wild about Lily's breasts. He's been drooling over them since we got here." 

"I think she planned it that way," I whispered back. "But who'd have guessed he'd be a tit man?" 

Linda laughed. "You have to admit it's a big change from what he's had to play with for the past 20 years."

The laughter and flirting continued for a while until, as happens in every room, everyone seemed to stop talking at the same time. The silence seemed to last forever, filled with an unmistakable sexual tension. Lily turned toward Charles, nervously clearing her throat. "Don't they look good together?" she asked, pointing over at Linda and me on the loveseat. Without giving him an opportunity to respond, Lily went on. "So sexy, I mean it. I think they're a very hot couple."

Charles paused a minute before he answered. "They are. I've seen them in action, remember?"

"I feel so left out," Lily moaned with a fake pout that fooled nobody. "Everybody's seen the show except me."

"I bet we could talk them into a command performance," Charles chimed in. "Couldn't we?"

"If those two voyeurs want a show, I guess we'll have to give it to them won't we?" Linda retorted. Grabbing my hand, she rose quickly from the loveseat and pulled me up after her. "Which way is the bedroom?"

"Up the stairs on the right," Lily shouted after us. "Don't start until we get there." 

"Then you'd better hurry," Linda answered, and pulled me up the stairs and into the dark bedroom at nearly a run. Linda pushed me back onto the bed and lay on top of me, mashing her entire body against me and giving me a passionate kiss. "Finally," she panted. "I'm dying for some more of your wonderful cock!" We continued kissing until Lily interrupted us.

"Charles, turn on some lights in here. Sex in the dark may be more romantic, but don't they know we want to watch?" Laughing, Charles flipped the switch and Lily moved around the bed, turning on the bedside lamps. "That's better." Now, do you want us to hide in the closet, or can we just sit in these chairs and watch comfortably?"

"Smartass," I said as I rolled Linda off me and stood to remove my clothes. "Wherever you have the best view is fine by us."

Linda stood up and reached down to the hem of her dress. She pulled it off over her head in one smooth motion, revealing not only that she was braless, but she had left her panties at home as well. Then I noticed that her blonde bush was completely gone. Seeing where my eyes had traveled, she made a little twirl, put her hands on her hips and said, "Like it? Charles shaved it off this afternoon."

"Love it," I answered. "He did a nice job."

"What can I say?" Charles said from his chair in the corner. "I love my work."

Linda moved to me and helped me out of my pants and boxers while I pulled my shirt off. As soon as my erection was freed, she took it into her mouth eagerly, sucking me as deeply as she could and then backing off to tongue the head. I heard both Lily and Charles make appreciative noises as they watched the sex show beginning. A few more swirls of Linda's tongue and I was making appreciative noises myself.

Linda knew she was getting me overheated, so she stood up and kissed me, mashing her flat belly against my hardness, then quickly pulling away to lie on the bed spread-eagled. 

"Lick me" was all she said and I was instantly on my knees between her slim, taut thighs and feasting on the honey that was pooling at the entrance to her vagina. All thoughts or awareness of our audience were forgotten at that point. All that existed were my mouth and Linda's delicious pussy. She cried out and came almost immediately but I kept licking and sucking. Soon she was moaning again, both hands clutching my hair and pressing my face deeper into her crotch. "Yes! Oh God! Right there, she sighed. "I'm going to cum again!" And she did, wrapping her legs around my head and beating on my back with her heels as her second climaxed crashed through her. Even though my hearing was muffled by her thighs, I could hear her scream of ecstasy.

When I lifted my head from between her legs, she raised her head to look down at me. "I need you in me now, Bill." She panted. I raised myself over her, until my throbbing cock made contact with her pussy. Linda grabbed my hips and pulled. My cock easily found its own way into her channel and she groaned contentedly as I pushed into her, filling her in one stroke. "Fuck me hard!" she demanded as she wrapped her legs around me and used her heels to spur me into action.

The teasing and anticipation of the day had built my need to such levels that I was ready to oblige her -- ready to drive my cock into over and over again, mercilessly, until I filled her with my cum. With a day's worth of anticipation and the evening's teasing, I could tell it wouldn't be long. Our audience, her husband and my wife, were forgotten as I gave in to my animal instincts and rutted into Linda with everything I had. She was even noisier this time than during any of our previous encounters. 

I realized that I was being noisy myself, grunting loudly from the effort of slamming my groin against Linda's, trying to plunge my dick as deeply into her willing cunt as rapidly as I could, over and over. We were both shiny with sweat by the time I reached my climax, roaring like a beast as I thrust one last time into the depths of my lover's sex and filled her with my sperm. It pushed Linda over the edge as well, and I could feel the walls of her pussy contract and milk even more cream from me.

For a moment the room was silent as Linda and I lay, still coupled, trying to catch our breath. "Wow!" Lily whispered, breaking the silence. "That was … wow!" I opened my eyes and turned my head toward her, still in her chair beside the bed. Her blouse was opened, baring her luscious tits, and her skirt was hiked up nearly to her waist. She had her feet up on the chair seat and her legs spread wide. Her soaked panties hung from one ankle and two fingers of her right hand were buried in her vagina. She smiled at me, pulling her sticky fingers out of her quim as she lowered her feet to the floor and moved toward me on the bed.

As I pulled out of Linda and rolled to the side, Lily bent and took my cock in her mouth, slurping hungrily at the remnants of my cum and Linda's juices that coated my dick. She lapped up every drop she could reach, carefully licking my balls to make sure there was no trace left. Then she moved up and kissed me, letting me taste the combination for myself. "Wow!" she whispered again. "I love you." About then, Linda moaned again. Lily and I glanced over at her. Charles was going down on her. He was still fully dressed but had his fly open, his hard cock in his hand as he greedily drank my cum as it poured from his wife's pussy. It wasn't long before Linda tensed and came again, the contractions of her cunt pushing the last of my seed into his hungry mouth.

I looked back at Lily, who was openly staring at Charles's dick sticking out of his open fly. "Go for it," I whispered. "It's only fair, after all." Lily moved toward him, eagerly opening undoing his pants and sliding them down his legs along with his briefs. My cock sprang back to full hardness as I watched Lily go down on Charles, sucking him like an absolute slut, moaning around his cock and touching herself. 

Linda moved over to my side, her hand seeking out and stroking my cock as we watched our spouses first sexual encounter with each other. Lily did her best to tease Charles and make his pleasure last but all too soon he groaned and shot off in my wife's mouth. She didn't let a single drop of his cum escape her lips, and when she finally let his erection slip from her mouth, she immediately moved over to kiss me. I knew what to expect, and wasn't surprised when Lily pushed his huge load of semen into my mouth. "Don't swallow," Linda whispered in my ear as Lily pushed Charles' gigantic load into my mouth. When Lily's lips left mine, they were replaced by Linda's demanding mouth. She vacuums my mouth for the white, pearly goo her husband had shot in my wife's mouth, and then pushed Charles onto his back and fed him his own cum. Lily had gone back to sucking on Charles, whose erection throbbed back to hardness as his wife filled his mouth with his own cum. 

Satisfied that he was hard enough, Lily straddled his hips and guided his rod into her sodden sex, then urged him to roll on top of her. "Come on, Charles. Fuck me!" she urged him, pulling her legs back and hooking them over his shoulders. Charles began a slow in-and-out movement, burying his cock deep in my wife again and again. He soon picked up his pace, and soon was fucking her so hard and fast that their bodies made slapping sounds as they collided again and again.

"I'm going to cum, baby," Charles said hoarsely. "Do you want it?

"Oh yeah, Charles! Fill my pussy! Come in me!"

He stiffened and shuddered as he shot his load deep inside her, then rolled on his back panting from his exertions. Linda immediately went down on him to clean up his cock, and I moved to my wife's gaping pussy. The come was already leaking out of her and running down the crack of her ass, so I moved in and started licking and sucking up the sloppy, tasty mess before it could get away. Lily was so hot that it only took a few flicks of my tongue on her clit to send her into a huge orgasm that pushed the rest of Charles' come into my mouth along with her own sweet juices. 

My cock was rock hard again and I was about to move up and fuck Lily with all my remaining strength, when I felt Linda's warm mouth envelope the head of my dick. She ran her tongue up, down and all around my hardness, wetting the whole length of it, sometimes tickling the sensitive tip, sometimes taking me as deep in her mouth as she could. I stayed there on my knees, eating my wife's cream-filled gash, while Linda sucked my cock. At one point, I opened my eyes to look up at Lily and she was stretched out contentedly, one hand lazily pulling at Charles' semi-erect cock. It looked like he was temporarily spent, but she continued to toy with it.

Linda, meanwhile, was taking my cock deeper and deeper into her mouth until I was practically squirming with pleasure. She moved one of her hands to my backside and teasingly caressed my ass cheeks in circles. Occasionally she would lightly glide a finger up and down my crack. I let a tell-tale moan escape when one of those teasing fingers brushed my anus, and the next thing I knew, she was working her index finger into my ass. The unexpected intrusion made me lose it immediately and I flooded Linda's mouth with my cum. She slid out from under me and moved up to give Charles a cum-filled kiss like I'd gotten earlier. He passed the cum on to my wife, who pulled me up and fed it all to me.

The four of us lay on the bed in a tangle for a while, perhaps thinking of regaining enough strength to start another round, but then the phone rang. It was our son, wanting a ride home because the party was boring. Reluctantly, we all dressed. Charles kissed Lily goodbye as I kissed his wife, and we all promised to get together again as soon as possible.