 Note: Just wanted to thank everyone who has read and supported my writings. I'm loving all the feedback and requests that I'm getting from you all. Keep 'em coming!

This was another requested story, and I threw in a little bit of another aspect of hair fetish that was requested. Also, there's a sort of cliff hanger ending. Sorry, but I want to hear your suggestions as to what should happen. I have my own ideas, but am curious to yours. Leave them in the comments or just email me!

*****

Bang bang bangs!

"Jenny! Jenny Jen Jen!" Kimmy shouted as she came bounding up, her long blonde hair swishing side to side as she ran up to one of her two best friends. Jenny looked up from her book she was reading, her long brunette hair moving from out of her face as she looked at her friend. She smiled at her excitement.

"What is it Kimmy?" Jenny asked. Kimmy arrived at the bench Jenny was at, her hair a mess around her face from running. She took some time panting, catching her breath. 

Finally able to breathe, Kimmy said, "You remember Joe, right?"

"Sure," Jenny agreed. "9 inch rod Joe." Word around campus was there was a sophomore that had a nine inch penis. Not only was it big, but apparently he could also use it well. Many girls wanted to be with him, but no one seemed to be able to get with him except for one lucky pair of girls. No one could figure out what it was about the two that allowed them to get with Joe, but they went on and on about how it was the best sex they had ever had, and they had had a lot themselves.

"Trixie talked to the two girls he fucked and learned the secret to how they got him!" Kimmy exclaimed. Trixie was the third girl in their little squad, a hot fiery red head with a spirit to match. "Trixie said that the two girls got with him because they had bangs!"

Jenny gave her friend a quizzical look. "So he's going to bang us if we have bangs?" 

"Precisely," Kimmy beamed. Jenny pulled out a mirror from her purse. She inspected her hair in it. Right now she had side bangs, but Joe would probably want a full set. Remembering a time when Kimmy herself had straight across bangs, she wondered if she could pull off the same look.

Kimmy leaned in, a sexy smile on her face. "I know what you're thinking," she whispered sensually. "You could totally pull it off. I'd definitely fuck you if you had bangs. Hell, I bet they'd feel nice brushing against my stomach as you licked my cunny." 

Jenny's pussy started to get wet from how she was talking. "Why do you have to get me so hot in public?" Jenny asked her.

"Well gather up your book and lets head back home, have some crazy lesbian sex, and then get our hair cut so that Joe will fuck the living daylights out of us."

"Deal!" Jenny said, maybe a little too eagerly. The two of them then ran, hand in hand, back to their dorm where they immediately engaged in hot lesbian action; tongues dancing, pussies grinding, hair pulling, hot sex. Part way through, Trixie arrived home horny as hell and happily joined in on the action. All of them were thankful for that one fateful night a while back when they all got drunk together and decided to have a little fun as a joke. They had never thought it'd turn into what it had.

Finally when the sex calmed down, Trixie said, "So did you two hear?"

"Hell yeah we heard!" Kimmy exclaimed. "It's not too late to go get our hair cut is it?"

"We spent about three to four hours fucking," Jenny pointed out. "It's now five in the afternoon. I'm pretty sure we'll have to wait until tomorrow before we can have access to that big fuck stick."

"You'd think three girls who are all willing to get freaky with each other could score some cock around here," Trixie pointed out.

"We could, but any guys that we have hooked up with, even if there's several of them, konk out after just one or two goes," Kimmy said. "I thought that younger guys were supposed to have the endurance?"

"I don't think it's as much of an endurance problem as it is an attention span problem," noted Jenny. "Guys only need pussy for about 3 minutes before they've gotten their fill. I hope Big Rod Joe will have some stamina, though, to be able to satisfy all three of us."

"He was able to fuck the Rubio twins for a good several hours, word has it," Trixie said. "I'm sure he can keep up with us just fine." The other two nodded their heads in agreement.

All three girls eventually got dressed and went to get dinner. There they discussed the game plan for how they would approach Joe and seduce him. They figured with the three of them hitting on him and basically offering up a foursome with them, they had a fair shot, but they wanted to cover their bases.

Supposedly every day at 3, like clockwork, Joe would shoot hoops with his friends at the college gym. Naturally they wouldn't want to approach him there, as they'd prefer to get him while he was alone. However, after playing for an hour with his friends, he'd then shoot some hoops by himself for a good half hour while everyone else would leave for classes or homework. 

The idea was that at least two of the girls would be in the gym and one would approach him about 5 minutes before his alone time would be finished. The other would then "casually" walk up when it seemed like things were heating up and persuasion was working. Finally, the third would come in, pretending to be waiting on them but really just being the failsafe in case Joe decided the first two weren't good enough.

That night they slept and dreamt of being impaled by Joe's legendary cock. When they woke up, they all went to their classes, and then off to the salon where they each got their hair cut so they had full straight across bangs. At some point in the conversation, Jenny had suggested that it was a little ridiculous that all of them were changing their hair just to have potentially great sex with one guy. However, Trixie and Kimmy reminded her that though their girl time was fun, it was nothing compared to a cock and there hadn't been much quality or even quantity in that department, so they were a little desperate. Plus, it was only their hair that they were changing.

Finally the time came for the girls to enact their plan. Trixie, with her shoulder length hair gathered in a little pony tail and new straight across bangs, dressed in a sports bra and tight, short shorts was to be the first one to engage with Joe. Kimmy, who had her long blonde hair in a ponytail, had on a tank top and runner shorts with her new bangs able to swish about. She would be the second one to walk up and talk to Joe. Jenny was the one assigned to stay outside and be the safety, so she sat there with her full set of bangs as she read her book. However, her bangs proved to be a distraction as she was not used to them, so she was constantly messing with them; brushing them out of her face only to have them fall back in place because they couldn't tuck behind her ear anymore. Eventually she pulled out a headband and secured her bangs back, intending to take it out when the time came. 

As Joe was going about shooting baskets from the three pointer line, Trixie made her way towards him. Joe made a particularly good shoot, getting nothing but net. He cheered in celebration and Trixie clapped her hands to applaud him.

"Wow! Great shot!" she congratulated. 

"Thanks!" Joe said with a proud smile. He glanced at her and then looked away, but quickly looked back. Clearly the bangs idea was working because it had caught his attention. "I'm s-sorry," he stuttered, caught a little off guard. "What's your name?"

"Trixie," the fiery redhead replied, her ego boosted a little at her ability to make this athlete on the court and monster in the sack a little speechless just with her hair. "I've seen you here throwing your basketballs with your friends and then by yourself. I figured I'd come talk to you when you were alone. Why is it you're alone?"

"I'm only a sophomore," Joe responded, his confidence and smoothness back. "The rest of the guys on the team are juniors and seniors. If I want to keep up with them, I have to log in extra hours of practice, but without losing too much rest so I can keep my energy. Spending thirty minutes extra a day quickly adds up in practice time, but doesn't put too much stress on my body."

Trixie walked over to him, pushing her chest out. "Well we wouldn't want your body to be too stressed now, would we?" she said, her fingers tracing his muscles. 

"What are you doing?" Joe asked.

Before Trixie had to come up with an answer, Kimmy walked in. "Hey Trix, what's taking you so- oh!" she said. "Who's the hunk in the trunks?"

Trixie smiled, their plan seeming to be working accordingly. "This is Joe. I was just admiring his three pointer shots and how he works extra hard to be better than the rest of his teammates."

"My specific words were to keep up with them," Joe corrected. "I'm not better than them."

"Oh so modest!" Kimmy said, batting her eye lashes. "Why can't more guys be like you?"

"What's going on here?" Joe asked. 

"Just two girls getting to know a guy," Trixie said, trying to sound innocent. 

"Uh huh," Joe said skeptically. He then looked back and forth between the red and blonde bangs, noticing a trend. "You both have interesting haircuts."

"Interesting? Why'd you choose that word?" Kimmy asked, pouting her lip as if she was let down.

"Tell me, any chance either of you have talked to the Rubio sisters?" Joe asked, not falling for the over exaggerated flirting the two girls were doing.

"The Rubio twins," Trixie said, "Why I don't believe we've heard of them."

"Ah, see I didn't say they were twins," Joe pointed out. "I just said they were sisters. Yes, the three of us had a good time together, and it's clear they shared some information with you two about some interests of mine, but I'm sorry ladies, I'm booked with my studies. So if you don't mind, I'm just going to head back to my dorm and shower, then work on my homework in peace."

The two friends actually pouted a little bit as their dream fuck gathered his things and headed out the door. "Well dammit," Kimmy complained. "I hope Jenny can pull her weight as our failsafe."

"Well he seems like the studious type," Trixie noted. "Maybe they'll fit together since Jenny is such a book worm herself."

True to Trixie's comment, Jenny was so wrapped up in her book that she had forgotten entirely about her and her friends' plan to get some cock. When she heard the gym's front doors open, she panicked and went to go stop Joe and try to seduce him, but accidentally ended up bumping into him and being knocked on her ass. As her butt hit the ground, the momentum of the fall caused her head band to slide out of her hair, releasing her full bangs in all their glory.

"Oh I am so sorry ma'am!" Joe said, quickly picking up Jenny's book and then extending his hand to help her up. "Here's your book ba-" His words were cut off as he realized the beauty standing before him. He figured since she had bangs like the other two that she might be in on their little sexy games, but he didn't care. Her bangs were perfect, covering a face surrounded by a chocolatey brown mane bearing complimenting blonde highlights. Her hair in all was stunning. Joe couldn't take his eyes off of it. 

"I'm sorry," he repeated as he regained his composure. "I'm Joe."

"I know," Jenny responded honestly. "Everyone knows who you are. You're the stud with the large cock that's great in bed."

"I suppose that's me, though I think that's a little over dramatic," he admitted. "And who are you? The third seductress that's supposed to overwhelm me with her absolute beauty? Cause I gotta say, I'm actually rethinking my homework right now."

Jenny tried to brush her hair behind her ear and looked at the ground, something she did when she was nervous and/or embarrassed. Her efforts were to no avail, though, because her bangs just once again fell right back into her eyes. She wished the stylist had cut them a little shorter because they were long enough to actually cover her eyes entirely if the slight curl was taken out of them. 

"You think I'm beautiful?" Jenny asked, blushing.

"You're fucking hot in all honesty," Joe said. That was actually something new to Jenny's ears. As a bookworm she had been labeled as cute, pretty, or even beautiful sometimes, but it was mostly Trixie and Kimmy who were noticed as hot or sexy. 

"Well, would you like to enjoy my hotness, as well as others?" Jenny asked. "My two friends in there and I would like to know if the rumors about you are true. Are you really going to turn down three girls that are offering to fuck your brains out and even cut their hair in a style you like just so you could be warm to the idea?"

Joe let out a sigh and said, "You know, when you put it like that, I think I'd be quite a moron to pass up an opportunity like this. I hope you all were planning on doing this at your place, though, because my place has my roommates. Unless you want to involve them too. They're also on the basketball team."

"No no, just you," Jenny assured. "We've had people with performance issues in the past. We'll take you back to our place. Besides," she leaned up and whispered in her ear as her hand boldly moved to his cock and gripped it over his shorts, "this just means there's more for you." She gave his hard on a squeeze, feeling quite happy that she had made him so hard. "Just wait there for a second, stud, while I text my friends and let them know you're down for us to go down on you."

"This is going to be one long night," Joe said.

"I sure hope so," Jenny agreed. Kimmy and Trixie got the texts and immediately came outside to join their friend. The three lovely ladies then escorted Big Rod Joe back to their place. As soon as the door was closed and locked all three girls stripped down to just their underwear.

"What, no tease?" Joe jested as he sat in a nearby chair.

"Oh, you want us to tease you?" Trixie asked. She then grabbed Kimmy by her neck and pulled her towards her for a hot passionate kiss. Kimmy snaked her tongue into her feisty friend's mouth, who squealed in surprise and delight. Their hands then started wandering over each other, grasping at each other's boobs and asses.

"I guess I'm on cock duty," Jenny said as she knelt in front of Joe. She grabbed his shorts to pull them down, but Joe stopped her.

"Wait," Joe said.

"Is something wrong?"

"No, I just... Can I play with them first?"

"I think they're a little busy eating each other's faces."

"No, not them, though that is incredibly hot. I mean, can I play with your bangs for a bit first."

"Oh," Jenny said. She couldn't believe that there were two insanely hot girls behind her feeling each other up and Joe just wanted to play with her bangs. His eyes weren't even on Trixie and Kimmy. They were on his hair. Clearly this guy had a thing for bangs because even she wanted to watch Trixie and Kimmy getting it on.

"Sure, go ahead," she said.

Joe took his hand and slide it through her bangs. Jenny noticed a twitch in his shorts. He kept sliding his hand through, feeling how thick and soft they were. Then he grabbed them and pulled them like he wanted to move her head around, so she let him. He moved her head all around to wherever he desired, just using her bangs. 

"They're so long," Joe commented.

"Yeah, it's kinda annoying how long the stylist cut them to be because they keep falling into my eyes," Jenny complained.

"That's so fucking sexy," he said. Sexy, another word Jenny had never heard used to describe her before.

"Aw Kimmy," Trixie pouted. "He's not even watching us anymore."

"Maybe he'll play with us if we let him play with our new bangs," Kimmy said.

"Don't let me stop you two," Joe said. "Keep going, I'll be with you two once I'm done with this one." Joe turned his attention back to Jenny who couldn't believe she was taking priority over her insanely hot friends. 

"Please fuck me," Jenny begged. She hadn't meant it to come out so desperate, but she was lost in another world from how amazing this guy was, and he hadn't even really touched her yet.

Joe smiled and said, "I shall, but why don't you warm me up a little bit baby." 

"How can I serve you?" Jenny asked.

"Use that pretty little mouth of yours around my cock. Make sure you take enough of it in that I can feel your bangs against my chest, though. I love that."

"I can't really deepthroat, but I can see what I can do." Jenny pulled down Joe's shorts to reveal his hardened 9 inch dick. "Holy shit. It really is big. And it's so thick!"

"You sure you girls will be able to handle it?"

"Oh we will or we'll die trying as we're torn apart by this monster." Jenny leaned in and was about to suck on it, but then got an idea. She took her bangs and brushed them against his shaft. Joe let out a moan of approval and so Jenny kept going. She had planned to just do a few sweeps, but clearly Joe was really enjoying this, so she kept brushing his dick with her long bangs as her two friends kept making out with each other behind her. 

"Oh yes," Joe moaned. "Oh god yes! Keep it up baby! That feels amazing! Your bangs are so soft and long! They're going to make me cum! Keep shaking them! OH YES!" 

Jenny was then surprised as Joe started releasing a huge load of cum onto her hair. The white streaks in her hair complimented her highlights in her luscious brown threads. She was uncertain, though, that Joe would be able to keep up with them since he had cum so quickly already.

"That was incredible," Joe said once the last spurt had launched. "I just soaked your hair because of your bangs, and I don't even know your name. How rude of me."

"My name is Jenny," she said. "The blonde is Kimmy, and the red head is Trixie."

"Gotcha. Well that was incredible. Don't worry, though, I can go plenty more rounds. Bangs are just my kryptonite. I'll cum in 2 seconds to anything involving bangs."

"Good to know," she said as she pulled off her underwear. Jenny then sat in his lap, Joe's 9 inch rod pressed against her pussy. "Need any encouragement to keep it hard?"

Joe looked over at Kimmy who was now eating out Trixie. Both girls were entirely naked, and Trixie was messing with Kimmy's new bangs. The sight was plenty erotic for Joe.

"I think I'm good." He smiled. Joe then lifted up Jenny and aimed his cock at her cunt. Slowly he brought her down and she let out a scream of pleasure. Trixie and Kimmy were pulled out of their trance of being just with each other, remembering there was a pussy splitting cock available. 

"How does it feel?" Kimmy asked her friend.

"Like he's fucking me with a horse dick!" Jenny said.

"You've fucked a horse?" Kimmy asked rhetorically, knowing her friend hadn't but just poking fun at her.

"No but I can tell you that no animal on earth has a cock bigger than this!" Jenny moaned. "This feels absolutely amazing!"

"What's even more amazing is you only have about half of his rod in you," Trixie noted. "Imagine what the other half will feel like."

"Dear god give me it all Joe! Don't hold back! Fuck my living brains out with your monster cock!"

"You asked for it," Joe said, and he thrusted the last inches of his dick inside her. Jenny screamed in pain and pleasure, mostly pleasure as Joe pumped his large cock in and out of her. Trixie latched her lips to her friend's breast while Kimmy removed Joe's shirt and began kissing his chest, her bangs brushing his skin. Joe was in heaven as he felt Kimmy's blonde bangs against him and watched Jenny's bangs bounce around as he fucked her. Jenny herself was in the clouds, loving Joe's dick and having the best sex of her life.

Within less than a minute Jenny screamed, "I'm cumming! Don't stop! I'm cumming! Don't stop! I want to feel your monster cum shoot inside me! OH GOD I'M CUMMING!" She screamed at the top of her lungs as her climax over took her. Trixie brought her fingers down to Jenny's clit and played with it, working it back up for another climax. Jenny kept riding Joe's cock, her mind lost. She was now just a fuck toy for Joe as she took his 9 inches. She had just experienced the best orgasm of her life so far, and she was already building up for another.
