 While in college, as well as now, I was not "open" about being bisexual. I went to school for, and now work in law enforcement…not exactly an open minded group of people. That being said, I've got to admit, still love a big hard cock just as much as, and maybe a bit more than, a nice juicy pussy.

A few years ago, while in school, I went for a "ride-along" for a shift with a female police officer. I knew Tammy from some classes we had had together, and we were pretty good friends. After the shift was over, she invited me back to her house for a beer.

"At six A.M.?" I asked her.

"Yeah, why not," she said "My boyfriend is probably still up anyway. Don't be such a pussy" she joked.

"All right, all right," I chuckled "why not. I was planning on cutting class today anyway".

So I followed Tammy back to her place, and in we went. As we walked through the door she turned and placed her finger on her lips "shushing" me. I looked in and saw her boyfriend Matt asleep on the sofa, naked as the day he was born. Matt is a really handsome guy. I couldn't help but look him over as he slept. He is about 6'2, with really broad shoulders. He has wavy brown hair and steel-blue eyes. He is in great shape because he played football for a small college for 4 years. He was sprawled out on the couch wearing a not a stitch of clothes. He's one of those guys who is pretty much hairless, just a little chest hair and a fuzzy "highway to heaven" that ran from his belly button over six-pack abs and trailed down to a light patch of brown pubic hair. As I looked him over (trying to be discreet about it) I realized that he had a raging hard on! His cock was probably 7 inches long and was pointing up his belly towards his head.

Tammy looked at me a chuckled. "He's such a horn dog, even in his sleep" she whispered, shaking her head. 

I quickly tore my gaze away from Matt's hard on and looked at Tammy. "I can go" I whispered, and I headed back towards the door.

"Don't worry about it, c'mon in the kitchen" Tammy said and waved me back in the house.

As I followed her to the kitchen she grabbed a light blanket from the back of the sofa and draped it over her sleeping boyfriend. I peeked back at Matt for a second, and then looked Tammy over from behind. She was a really cute girl, probably 5'5 or so, with long brown hair, deep brown eyes, nice firm titties, and a bubbly J-Lo butt that was bouncing along in front of my eyes. I admit, I had a bit of a school boy crush on her, but I never imagined she felt the same about me.

We walked into the kitchen, and I sat down in at the table while Tammy flipped on the TV and grabbed a couple beers from the fridge. We chit chatted for a few minutes about the weather and stupid shit like that then we heard Matt stirring in the other room.

"Let's have some fun with him" Tammy said with a smile. "Scoot your chair back behind the door and don't say anything" she said.

I gave her a funny look, then did as she said, quietly moving my chair and wondering what was up.

I no sooner sat down and sipped my beer when Matt strolled into the kitchen, still naked, and still hard as a rock. I couldn't help but stare as his cock bounced a bit while he walked up to Tammy. 

"Hey baby," he said "how was work?

"Boring" she replied "Did you miss me?"

"Did I!" he said, then without any warning he wiggled his hips and his cock lightly smacked her on the cheek. "You know we always miss you". 

I choked on my beer and Matt whipped around to look at me. Tammy roared with laughter while Matt frantically tried to cover himself with his hands.

"DUDE! He exclaimed "what the fuck…I mean…Sorry man, I didn't realize you were here. Fuck." 

Tammy was laughing so hard I couldn't help but laugh too. Pretty Soon, matt was laughing too, while still trying to cover up his still-hard cock.

"Don't worry about it" I said, trying to be cool, "you want a beer?" 

"I want some pants, then a beer" Matt said.

"Oh come on," Tammy said "he's already seen you naked with a hard-on, why be shy now?"

Matt looked at her with a funny look on his face, then said "I'm not going to sit here naked while you two have your clothes on, I'll be right back" and he turned towards the door.

"Well, if that's your only hang-up, we'll strip too, right? And she looked over at me.

"Uh…" was all I could manage.

"Come on, we're all friends here right?"

"Well, yeah, but…" I said.

"But what? Take it off and we'll our beer."

With that, Tammy reached down and began pulling her shirt up over her head. I looked at Matt, and my expression must have said "what should I do?" because he just kind of shrugged his shoulders and nodded his head. I watched as Tammy finished removing her shirt and unsnapped her bra, unleashing nice firm C-cup tits. They were great, no sag at all! She looked at me and scrunched her face up in mock-anger.

"Take it off, already" She said.

I did as I was told while she finished talking off her clothes and before I knew it, the three of us were sitting naked in the kitchen. I slid my chair back up to the table and took a long pull on my beer. Matt excused himself to use the bathroom and it was just Tammy, her tits, me and my rapidly hardening cock.

"Here's the deal, we like to fool around. I think you're cute. Do you want to play with us? Tammy asked me, cutting right to the chase.

"He's okay with this?" I asked, meaning Matt (I'm no slouch, but I knew he could easily kick the shit out of me).

"Yeah, it's cool. And judging by that" She said, pointing to my hard cock, 'you do want to play with us." Sticking her arm out and crooking her finger at me, she said "Come here." And she stood up. 

I walked over and we began to kiss, tentatively at first, then soon very passionately. As we made out I began to let my hands roam over her body. I fondled her tits, rubbing her erect nipples lightly with my fingers. Then I slid my hands sensuously down her back and squeezed her ass. She was also exploring my body, and lightly rubbing my hard cock as it nestled between her thighs, pressing against her shaven snatch.

As we were making out, Matt came back into the room and hugged Tammy and me from behind her. Now it was a sandwich, with her in the middle. I thought it was a little weird that Matt put his arms around both of us, but it was my first threesome, so I didn't really know what to expect. 

Tammy and I were passionately French-kissing, and she was sucking on my tongue every time I flicked it into her mouth. I was really turned on by this, and I began dry humping my cock into her groin. Suddenly, without any heads-up, Matt leaned in and joined our kiss. Tammy responded immediately and began to kiss him back. I paused for a moment to think it over, and then, I figured "what the hell", I began to kiss Matt. I started lightly kissing his neck working my way up by his ear, then around to his face. When Tammy drew back for a breather, I tipped my head forward and began to kiss Matt full on the lips. I reached up and put my hands around his head, and then we began to really make out. He was jabbing his tongue into my mouth and vice-versa. I sucked and nibbled and pressed against his full lips with my mouth. I had never REALLY made out with a guy before, and I was getting into this.

"That is so FUCKING HOT", Tammy breathed into my ear. "Grab his cock".

I did as she said and I took Matt's hard prick into my hand. The smooth velvety skin was so soft as I caressed it oh so gently. I lightly stroked back and forth along his rigid, yet supple shaft. I love that soft/hard feel of a cock in my hand, and this cock was no exception. We continued kissing while I stroked his shaft. Matt then put both of his arms around my body and began to play with my ass. First he just massaged the cheeks, but soon enough he had spread me open and was lightly feathering my asshole with his fingertips.

"Don't stop, guys, this is such a fucking turn on for me" Tammy said. When I looked over at her, I saw that she was seated in a chair, with her legs wantonly spread open, massaging her pussy with one hand, while playing with her own nipples with the other.

I was moaning at Matt's attention to my ass, and without realizing it, I had rotated my hips, opening up my ass to his attentions. I was now vigorously stroking Matt's big dick, paying special attention to the ridge at the base of his head. Then, I began kissing my way down Matt's body. I began on his neck, moving to his shoulders, then his chest, then belly, until finally I was bent completely over at the waist, staring at Matt's raging cock. It was leaking a lot of pre-cum out the head and then running back along the underside to form an almost-ready-to-drip cum drop where the head meets the shaft on the bottom of his crank. I leaned in, stuck out my tongue and licked all the way up the underside of his shaft, catching the drop of cum and sucking it greedily into my mouth. It was delicious, slightly salty with sweetness to it as well. Then I opened my mouth wide, and slide my face down over his cock.

Tammy let out a load, screaming moan, and I knew that she had cum. "You guys are so beautiful, I love this. Suck his cock. It's so hot" Tammy said breathlessly.

I didn't need to be told, as I was already lovingly caressing Matt's hard prick with my lips and tongue. I used my hands to cup and lightly tug on his balls, while I slid my hot, wet mouth up and down his shaft. His dick was just the right size, a mouthful, but not a gagging monster. I worked my face back and forth on his shaft while Matt continued to play with my asshole. While he tickled the back of my throat with his fuck-pole, I felt a wet dollop of warm spit land on my manhole, then Matt's finger began to work it's way into me. Slowly at first, Matt began to slide his finger in and out, and then he picked up the pace. He added more and more spit, and then, to the chorus of my cock-muffled moaning, he added another, then another finger. He was finger-banging my loosening asshole with at least 3 fingers while I continued to slurp and suck and seep throat his cock.

"I want you to fuck him, baby" Said Tammy. Then she went to the cupboard and pulled out a bottle of Olive Oil (Ironically, it turned out to be 'extra virgin') and handed it to Matt. He pulled his cock out of my mouth with a "PLOP" noise then he spun me around and bent me over the table.

"C'mon, Matt, give me your cock. I need it bad man, real bad" I said. 

Matt placed his hand on my shoulder and pushed my upper body down over the counter, and then he dumped a healthy amount of the oil on my ass crack and somewhat roughly used his fingers to grease up my hole. He then slathered his cock with some oil and stepped up behind me. Tammy then came up next to him and grabbed his dick.

"I want to do it" she said. 

Then Tammy guided his cock to my oily ass. She rubbed his head up and down my crack, and then she lined him up with my brown-eye. They gently began pressing his dick into me. It was slightly painful at first, as his dick was thick enough to be uncomfortable, but I rapidly adjusted to his size. Before long he was pumping in and out of me, bringing a lot of pleasure to the both of us. As he fucked me, he began to talk dirty to me.

"Oh, you have a nice, tight ass, man. It's just like fucking a girl in the ass. Do you like having my dick shoved up your ass? Does it feel good?"

"Yeah dude, fuck my ass. Fuck me just like you are. It feels so good. Go faster" I told him.

Matt did just as I asked, and now he was really ramming his meat-piston in and out of my fuck hole. I could feel his heavy, full nut sack slamming into to own fully laden balls. I could tell by his pace that Matt would not last much longer, and my own hard cock was ready to erupt at the slightest stimulation.

"Don't cum in me, Matt, not yet" I said.

"Okay man, not yet" then Matt eased his cock out of my asshole, leaving me with an empty feeling.

"You guys are so hot together" Tammy exclaimed "Now, I want to play too". With that, she reached out and directed me to sit on the counter. I hopped onto the counter and she immediately bent over and engulfed my cock with her hot mouth. It was warm and steamy. I knew that the velvety moistness of her mouth would not take long to finish me.

"Fuck me, like you fucked him, baby" she said to Matt, briefly taking her mouth from my cock.

Matt grabbed the oil and poured some on her asshole, then eased his dick into her. She moaned around my dick as he slid himself into her. Then she continued to let me fuck her face. Matt Picked up in her ass right where he left off in mine, and began to rapidly fuck her, building himself to orgasm. Tammy was moaning too, her own orgasm coming rapidly. Then she pulled her mouth from my dick and let out a scream.

"YES!!!" she cried.

That must have set Matt off, as he slammed his dick deep into her ass and blew his wad up into her tight ass. She slumped onto the counter, and I slid off of it while Matt pulled his dripping dick out of her ass. I grabbed him by the waist and sucked his dick into my mouth, cleaning the cum from his shaft, then I spun around and began licking and sucking at Tammy's asshole slurping Matt's fresh cum out of her. 

While I knelt on the floor licking the cum from Tammy, Matt lay down and slid underneath me. He began licking my balls and dick, and then he opened his mouth wide and sucked my cock into his mouth. I began pumping my hips and after a few short thrusts, I began spewing my own load into Matt's mouth.

After my own orgasm subsided, Matt slid back out from beneath me and stood up in front of me. HE then leaned over to kiss me. As my lips met his, he opened his mouth and dribbled some of my own cum into my mouth, which I eagerly gulped down.

We all rested for a few minutes by sitting at the table. No one said anything for a few minutes, then we all just kind of looked at each other and we all busted out giggling.

"I have NEVER done it with a guy before" Matt said "but that was great."

"It sure the fuck was," I agreed "I should ride along with you more often" I said to Tammy with a smile.

Tammy laughed and nodded her head in agreement. "In the mean time, you boys need top rest up. The day has just begun.