 Thanks to a reader, Roman, for the story line and the description of the girls. I tried as best I could to keep to the parameters he laid out and I hope my effort is worthy of his fantasy.

Winter was here and it was cold and nasty in Chicago. The kind of weather that just makes you want to pretend you're a bear and hibernate. Crawl into the bed under the covers and sleep, with a sign over the bed that says, "Don't wake till Spring".

Neither Laura or Tia wanted to brave the weather for another day at work but neither could afford to lose the job or a days pay so they trudged off , through the ice and snow and worst of all Chicago's famous wind. The two girls were roommates. They shared a small two bedroom apartment. They also worked for the same company. Neither had known the other till Laura answered an ad on the company bulletin board seeking a roommate. Tia's previous roommate had moved out to live with her boyfriend and left Tia with more rent expense than she could afford but with two of them money was less of a problem. The girls found that they shared interests and habits so instead of having to suffer through getting used to another's annoying idiosyncrasies they just fit together almost like living with your clone. It was not long before they were fast friends. 

Both girls were attractive. Laura, was 18, pretty, long blond hair, slim, tall at 5"8",110 lbs, nice firm round breast with large sensitive nipples, tiny waist, firm, round ass, and she had started to shave her pussy for her last boyfriend and even though she dumped him she kept the shaved pussy. Tia was, 19, taller at 5'9", 132 lbs, pretty, long black hair, with huge tits, large firm ass, while she did not follow Laura's habit of shaving her pussy she did keep it trimmed very short and was naturally blond.

It was over lunch that day in January that Laura noticed a travel ad for Thailand, a package deal that almost sounded too cheap to be real. She showed it to Tia and remarked how nice it would be to be someplace warm for a little while. Tia laughed and suggested that at that price they would probably have to share the room with a family of roaches. But she agreed that it was worth looking into. 

Laura made the call that afternoon. Yes the deal was still available. Yes it was a good Hotel, The Silom City Inn in downtown Bangkok. The agent hesitated when Laura pressed about how cheap the trip was but he finally admitted that he had booked a charter and still had spaces and if he did not fill them by the time they left next week he was going to have to pay for them. Laura did not hesitate she immediately had him hold two spaces till 6 PM when she could get there with money, She did not even talk to Tia first, it was too good a deal to risk losing it.

Tia was dumbfounded that a lunch conversation and daydream suddenly turned into a planned trip and only a week to get ready. She was dumbfounded but also ecstatic, an exotic vacation halfway around the world for what a trip to Florida would cost. Neither girl knew much about Bangkok other than it was in Thailand, in Southeast Asia and they liked the food at the Thai restraint around the corner from their apartment building. So it wasn't until Three days later that Tia began doing some research on the Internet.

"Laura," She called. "Do you know what Bangkok is famous for?" She was staring at the computer screen as Laura walked up behind her.

"No, What?" Laura answered.

Tia turned and looked at her "Sex! According to this website it is the premier travel destination for sex tours."

Both girls now stared at the screen reading about Thailand's extensive reputation as a sexual El Dorado. While neither girl was a virgin and both had some sexual experience, neither was what you might call worldly or for that matter had either even tasted the seamier side of sex. Straight sex with a boyfriend was the extent of both of their experience. So it was with open mouthed wonder that they ran through page after page of the sexual delights that Bangkok could offer. One website led to another and they were both soon giggling at what the possibilities were. Both vowed that they would not take part in any of what they read about but it was fun to joke and fantasize.

A few days later they found themselves on a plane leaving O'Hare airport for Tokyo where they would change planes for the flight to Bangkok. It was like a dream by the time they got to Bangkok it began to seem like a nightmare neither girl was prepared for 22 hours on a plane or in airports and neither found it fun, by the time they got to the hotel and checked it was nearly 10PM local time so they collapsed for a well needed rest.

The next morning they woke and spent the first day strolling around the shops and bazaars around their downtown hotel. They found it fascinating but what they found more interesting was the proliferation of shops selling sex. Sex of all sorts freely advertised mixed right in with everything else. They teased and joked with each other about stopping in and renting a Thai stud for an hour or two but both were too timid to actually do it. Eventually they made their way back to the hotel and another rest to shake the jet lag. The evening they passed quietly in the hotel bar where they were happy to find enough English speaking people of both sexes to almost make it like an island of home in this faraway land.

That is where they met Bob & Sue, a young couple from Detroit. Now when you're a couple of thousand miles from home, people from Detroit and Chicago are, or at least seem to be neighbors. So they struck up a conversation. Soon Sue was telling them about this wonderful place she found with the greatest Aroma Therapy massage. She had visited it that day while Bob had wandered around some of Bangkok's bars. She raved about how great she felt afterward and how exotic it seemed and how cheap. She spent the afternoon there and it only cost her $10 including the tips she lavished around to the staff. Sue insisted on giving the girls the address and the recommendation that they visit before they go home.

Both girls were intrigued with the idea, but neither wanted to seem too eager to the other. When they left the hotel that morning both of them wanted to get there without seeming as though they did. It took them till almost noon to wander in the general direction of the establishment Sue had suggested. Imagine the shock and surprise, very feigned, when they found themselves in front of the building both had intended on getting to on the first place. Both adopted a "well since we're here" attitude and they went through the door.

They found themselves in what can best be described as a lounge. Comfortable furniture scattered around, with well dressed young Thai's serving drinks, be it tea or whiskey whatever you desired. There were a few people sitting there chatting. They were greeted by a lovely young woman, dressed in the traditional oriental long dress with the deep slit up the side all the way to her waist. Her shapely legs easily slipping out from the dress and her firm small breasts accentuated by its cut. 

She invited them to sit and called a serving boy over to take their drink orders and then began to converse with them. Eventually she got around to what services they desired. They explained that the aroma therapy massage had been recommended to them by a friend and they wanted to try it. The young woman offered that they had made an excellent choice and asked if they would like men or women masseurs. Laura and Tia looked at each other and neither wanted to seem sluttish to the other so both chose women masseuse. The hostess informed them that it would be a $7 fee each the massage would last approximately 2 hours, and a few minutes wait while they prepared would be needed. Neither girl could get their money out fast enough as they considered it cheap. At home such a service would be at least $125 per hour.

They had nearly finished their drinks when two young Thai women came to them and bowed in the Thai fashion and led them to a room to the rear of the lounge. Neither of the Thai girls spoke any English but both were very pretty, short compared to Tia and Laura and petite. They were wearing matching tight fitting white outfits made of thin material, thin enough that the nipples on their small breasts were plainly visible as was the bush between each of their legs.

As Tia and Laura took in their surroundings they saw a well furnished room with a couple of chairs spread around and two massage tables in the center with a curtain that could be closed between them. As they looked around, their attendants started to help them undress. At first both girls blanched at having another woman removing their clothes than as they remembered where they were the relaxed and allowed the masseurs to undress them. Once their tops and slacks were off their attendants removed the bras both girls wore and helped them into robes before hooking their fingers into the waistbands of their panties and sliding them down. Tia was struck by the fact that as the young girl slid her panties off she had brushed her thin blond bush with her fingers and that as she picked up her foot to step out of her panties the girls face was practically in her pussy. She glanced over at Laura and from the look on her face realized that Laura was having a similar experience.

Once Tia and Laura were wearing nothing but the short robs supplied to them their two attendants stood and closed the robes for them, tying them shut, then taking them by the hand back out to the hall and to another room. This room was floor to ceiling white ceramic tile and set off to the rear were 4 shower heads and a single set of controls. One of the young girls stepped to the controls and started the showers running and soon steam was billowing up and filling the room. Then as Tia and Laura watched their attendants lifted their shirts off over their heads and in a fluid motion removed the brief panties they were wearing leaving them naked and exposed to their customers. Both girls were very pretty with slim figures that went well with their small breasts and slight builds. Their long black hair hanging down over their backs and their soft brown eyes made them beautiful to their charges. Laura had the thought cross her mind that if she were into women she would be into the one in front of her but she discounted the thought thinking that guys were her thing.

Each of the Thai girls again bowed slightly and then removed the robes from their charges. They then took each by the hand and led them into the shower and again bowed before lifting a washcloth and bar of soap from the self in the wall. Each girl for the first time since they were small children experienced the feeling of another's hands washing their bodies. They first felt the soapy cloths slide over their shoulders then their backs and gently over their asses and down their legs. As they went down each leg they would come back up it to the ass and across to the other leg and repeat. Tia realized how sensual an experience this was to have a woman, especially a beautiful woman wash her and rub a washcloth over her firm buttocks.

Now that their backs were clean the masseurs moved around to their fronts and starting at their feet began to wash each leg up to the point where the leg meets the torso and Laura steeled herself for the other girl to touch the forbidden zone of her shaved pussy. But the touch did not come instead she arched her reach over the area across her lower stomach and then down her other leg. Laura felt a combined sense of relief and disappointment. But as her masseur ran the cloth down her leg she began the upwards motion again this time inside the leg and heading for her sex. She again steeled herself for the touch and again was relieved/disappointed as the girl switched to down stroke her other leg just before she reached her pussy. As she reached Laura's other foot, back to where she started she stood and very quickly and very lightly brushed over her shaved pussy mound, causing Laura to emit a slight gasp at the suddenness and surprise of the touch. 

Next the young girl began to run the cloth over Their torso's starting with their lower stomachs and running up their sides and across the front of their shoulders and then down between Tia's ample tits. She seemed to linger a bit between her tits and then as she ran the cloth around each one getting close but never quite touching her nipples. Then just as they thought they were finished the soapy cloth quickly slid across their nipples. Then they were done and they were led to the front of the shower room, the water was turned off and big fluffy towels appeared and began to gently pat them dry. Running up and down their backs and legs and again lingering over their asses. Then around to the front and up and down each leg, over their torso and stopping at their tits and pussies to gently pat them dry.

But now Tia and Laura were both hungering for a touch on their sensitive areas as they had experienced the most erotic touch of their lives and they both felt that they already had their moneys worth. Tia was convinced that as soon as they were done here they were going to return to the hotel so she could jump into the privacy of that shower and relieve the tension that had built up between her legs by herself. Glancing at Laura she suspected her friend had similar plans, it would be a race to see who could get there first. But they weren't done here yet as they were helped back into their robes and returned to the room they had started in. Their guides did not bother to dress, they simply led them down the hallway and back to the room.

Each was directed to lie on the massage table on their side and the curtain was pulled. Neither could see anything of the other except for their head and each was able to recognize the look of lust in the others eye. Both were already worked up to a state of horny excitement. But now they lay on their stomachs their robes removed they were naked on their respective tables and their respective masseur stepped up on the table and straddled their charges pouring oil on their backs. The oil was warmed, almost hot as it hit their backs. 

Tia couldn't help to think it almost felt like when her boyfriend was screwing her from behind and pulled out to shoot his load over her back. The thought sent another tingle between her legs. 

Laura was momentarily shocked as the other girls pussy came in contact with her bare lower back. She was sure she felt a wetness there from the girls pussy.

The masseuse started rubbing the oil into their backs beginning at the shoulders and slowly gently rubbing it into the skin with a touch that was like feathers on their backs. Then onto their sides running their hands up and down caressing the rounded forms of the sides of their breasts and seeming to linger there with a bit more attention than the rest of their body received. As the massage worked its way down their backs the masseur would slide farther down and now Laura was sure she felt a trail of wetness across her back and ass where the other girls pussy had been and she found the thought if not exciting at least titillating.

Then as they moved their touch from the lower back to the buttocks another pouring of hot oil occurred this one onto the crack of the ass and the girls felt the hot oil run down their asses and over the sensitive assholes and down to their pussies. The feeling was so erotic that each involuntarily opened their legs a little as the hot oil ran down their pussy lips. Then the rubbing started again gently running over their ass cheeks and onto their thighs and back to their cheeks and down the crack of their asses rubbing the errant oil into every crease and crevice then as they crossed it, then over their sensitive assholes. Tia felt as though her girl had lingered there and maybe even applied a little pressure. But at this point she was so relaxed from the oil rub and shower and so into the erotism of the experience she did not care and part of her in fact wished for a touch of the forbidden. But it was not to be. The masseur moved on and while she expected her to run her hand down her pussy the girl skipped over it and went to work on her inner thigh "So close, yet so far" she thought with a sigh.

The oil massage continued down each leg and onto the feet and by the time the masseur returned to the floor and indicated they should turn over Laura knew she was going to leave a wet spot on the table where her pussy had leaked its juice out. But she was too relaxed to care so she rolled onto her back and closed her eyes anxiously awaiting the return of those sweet soft hands to her body. She again felt the weight shift on the table and a light pressure on her abdomen, she briefly opened her eyes just as the hot oil dribbled from the bottle onto the cleavage between her breasts. What she saw stunned and excited her. She found herself staring at the wide open pussy of her masseur as she straddled her ample chest. She noted that the girl had a neatly trimmed dark covering of pubic hair leading to nicely pink pussy lips opened to her inspection against her dark skin. Laura knew that if she had not left a wet spot before she was now. But part of her mind rebelled, "You like guys, their cocks. Not girls and their pussies. This is not supposed to excite you!" But the fact was that it did. So she chose to ignore it and enjoy the rest of her massage. As she closed her eyes she could not help but wonder if her friend was experiencing something similar. A glance at Tia showed her looking at Laura and there was a look of lust on her face. It was the look she herself had just prior to getting laid a look that said "Fuck me now" and a smile crossed her lips. "I am not the only one being teased" She thought.

But now the massage continued and they felt the hands on their shoulders and slide down onto their breasts, almost but not quite touching their sensitized nipples, around the breasts and down onto the stomach. The girls shifted again to move themselves farther down and now Tia could feel the other girl's pussy resting against her own. There was no covert rubbing just feeling it rest on her and she knew it was making her wet, she could tell by the tingling feelings between her legs as the masseur slowly rubbed the oil into her lower stomach and toward her pubic area. Then all too soon she shifted again and slid down onto her legs. Tia braced herself as she was sure that the other girl was going to touch her pussy and she also knew that it would take very little touch to send her into orgasm and that would be embarrassing, to begin to have an orgasm while this girl, this professional masseuse was working on her. It would be almost as bad as going into orgasm at the gynecologist touch. 

The girl rubbed the oil onto her pubic mound and into her short blonde pubic hair but she did not touch her sensitive and swollen pussy lips but instead moved down to her thighs and legs. It was just about this point that the hostess entered the room and spoke to them. 

"I hope all is satisfactory, you are enjoying your oil massage?"

Both girls agreed they were very much. Barely opening their eyes to recognize who they were talking to.

"Very good. Then you are almost ready for the aroma therapy portion of the massage. Just relax and enjoy and it will begin soon."

Tia and Laura again closed their eyes and reveled in the relaxing feelings of having their girls work their legs and they were each sadly contemplating the end of their session. Shortly they heard movement just as the girls were finishing their feet and each assumed that someone was preparing the aroma. Then they felt more than heard a presence and as they opened their eyes they were greeted by the sight of four young men entering their room and taking up positions on either side of them. Suddenly the curtain was pulled back and each could see the other for the first time. They were both so shocked by the appearance of the men and disoriented by the relaxing effects of the oil massage that neither moved to cover their nakedness from these strange men when suddenly each pulled a string and allowed their pants to fall to the floor. Now they each found two huge cocks pointing at them and the men began to rapidly stroke themselves, masturbating with frenzy. The two girls who had administered their massages had moved to the head of the tables and were gently rubbing their shoulders and necks and it was producing a calming sensation on them and they each felt themselves lay back onto the table.
