 It's Friday night and my GF Tina and I are ready to hit the clubs. She's wearing a Blue mini dress with matching heels and I have on a short leather skirt, sheer white button down blouse, stockings and heels. Neither of us is wearing bras or panties.

We got into the car and headed towards the next town over. We always go where no one knows us because we always do something naughty. We flashed a couple of truckers on the way there just to get a little more excited before we got to the club.

We stopped in some little strip mall to get something to eat and when we came out the car wouldn't start. Fortunately there was a garage there so we talked to the mechanic and he said he'd look at it right away.

We noticed a little bar at the end of the mall and decided to go check it out. It didn't look like much but we didn't just want to sit and wait. When we walked in the place was pretty empty. There was a drunk at one end of the bar and a couple at one of the tables. It had a pool table in the back and a jute box. We sat at the bar and ordered some drinks. Then we decided to put some music on and go dance with each other.

We danced together grinding against each other, kissing and looking seductive teasing the bartender. Then after awhile 5 college guys came walking in sat at a table and started enjoying the show we were giving. Two of them came over and asked to dance with us and we agreed. We began dancing with them again grinding up on them rubbing our asses against their crotches getting them all horny and eventually danced with them all.

Then I took my GF into the bathroom to freshen up and talk about how horny we were getting the guys. She admitted to me that she was getting horny too and thought that a couple of the guys were pretty cute. That's when I got the idea for a naughty dare. She and I are always daring each other to do things when we're out in public most of the dares dealt with either flashing or fucking and I just thought of one for her. 

I told her "I have a dare for you."

She giggled "What's the dare?"

I said to her "I will go and keep the bartender distracted and you have to take the guy you like and give him a blow-job."

She protested at first but I explained that she could take him by the pool table and do it that way she wouldn't be right out in plain view. She agreed.

We went back out into the bar and I walked down to the far end away from the pool table and got the bartender there to talk with me. It wasn't hard to keep his attention he'd been watching us all night and I unbuttoned a few buttons on my blouse to make sure he would get a good peek as I leaned towards him talking with him.

Tina went over and got the guy she liked to dance with her again. As they danced she guided him closer to the pool table. I could see her grinding her ass into his crotch and guiding his hands to her hips. She rubbed her hand on his crotch as she leaned back into him and whispered something. That's when she lead him back to the pool table.

I could still see them from where I was sitting but they were pretty much out of sight from everyone else. She leaned him against the pool table knelled down and started unzipping his pants. She took his cock out and started licking and sucking him off. She head was moving up and down his shaft and you could tell he was loving it. Watching them I was getting horny myself and was thinking of grabbing one of the other guys but I just sat there enjoying the show she was giving me.

It must have gotten to be to much for her because she stood up lifted her dress revealing she had no panties on and leaned over the pool table. He quickly moved in behind her and I could see him sliding his hard cock into her pussy. He started fucking her hard and fast right from the start.

They were still fucking when one of the other guys got up and went towards the pool room, I guess to see where his buddy went. When he got to where he could see the 2 of them fucking he stopped and started to turn around but she motioned him to come closer. He had his back to me but I could tell she must have started sucking him off by the way his head was leaning back and legs spread. I thought to myself "Oh my god shes doing both that little whore." and laughed to myself.

The first guy must have cum because I saw him step back and the other guy quickly took his place fucking her. She just laid across the pool table taken his all of his cock inside her. I watched the first guy go walking back to the table they were at and I could see him telling his buddies about what just happen by the way he was pointing towards the pool room.

The other 3 guys got up and walked towards the pool room. I could see the guy that was fucking her talking to them and then the 3 guys started undoing their pants letting them drop to the floor. I moved to a position where I could get a better look at what was going on and still keep the bartender from looking back there. I finally saw Tina, her dress was open in front and still up above her waist. One of the guys was down to the floor and I could see her bouncing on his cock riding him. the other 2 stood on each side of her as she took turns sucking them off.

Once the guy she was riding finished she got off him and another guy laid down in his place. She mounted him and started fucking again as the other guys stood around watching and getting their cocks sucked. By this time all 5 guys were back there as she sucked and fucked them all. The first guy she did I saw him move in behind her and slip his cock into her ass. Now she had all her holes filled and I could tell she was loving it.

Each guy took a turn fucking her ass and pussy. My own pussy was dripping from watching her and wanting some for myself. They all finally had a turn and she got up looked over at me and smiled. She headed to the bathroom and I followed her.

When we got inside I locked the door. She was covered in cum and had it running out of her holes and down her legs.

I looked at her laughing. "You little slut you were only supposed to give the one guy a blow-job."

Tina laughed "I couldn't help it I was horny."

Me "Well you got me all horny just watching you and wanting some for myself."

Tina "Well you could have came over and got some if you wanted it."

Me "I was keeping the bartender busy so he wouldn't call the cops or something."

We both laughed and I said "We better get you cleaned up some."

I gave her a kiss and could taste their cum on her lips. She took her dress off and started to clean some of the cum stains off it. As she did I could see cum running down her inner thigh. I knelled down behind her and started licking the cum from her. She moaned turned around and leaned against the sink. I began licking her pussy and and sucking all the cum that was dripping from her sweet pussy and ass. After I got all the cum I could from her we kissed again sharing the flavor from inside her. She turned to put her dress on and I stopped her.

Me "Your not getting off that easy."

I sat up on the edge of the sink and lifted my skirt and spread my legs. "I want some satisfaction too girl."

Tina smiled and began suckling on my slit I held her head to my pussy and started grinding on her mouth. She began tongue fucking and curling her tongue inside me licking my inner walls. I could feel my juices flowing and running down to my ass. I was moaning and loving the feel of her tongue inside me when I felt her finger press against my rosebud. 

I let out a gasp and said "Fuck yes girl fuck my ass." 

She slid her finger in my ass and started fucking it, then slipped a second finger in me spreading my ass wider. My hips were moving in motion with her fingers thrusting into my ass and her tongue in my pussy.

I could feel my climax building and my body starting to shake and she felt it too. She fucked my ass faster and sucked on my slit pulling at it. I bit my lower lip as I started squirting my cream into her mouth. she slowed the pace of her finger fucking me as I held her mouth tight against my pussy. Once my body stopped shaking I looked and saw her face covered with my juices and we laughed.

We both washed up some and then she got dressed and we walked back out into the bar. We smiled at the boys and waved goodbye. We headed back to see if the car was fixed which it was. We decided to skip the club and the two of us just headed home for some one on one fun with each other but that's another story.