 I am twenty years old and getting ready to start my first year at the local college. My parents would have been too worried if I moved away to go to college. A mother has far too many fears.

Last weekend my friends and I decided to go out to a night club in the next city. Of course I drank a little too much, but not so much I did not know what I was doing. There was this guy, he looked in his thirties, a handsome man. Dark hair, light green eyes and tall nearly six feet I would imagine.

Jerry was his name, he came over to introduce himself. He asked my name and age.

"Belinda and I just turned twenty." Smiling my most seductive smile. 

"Well, little redheaded Belinda who is twenty what you like to drink?" He smiled back and his eyes shone brightly. Jerry ran one finger down the side of my cheek then across my bottom lip. "What a sensuous set of lips you have my sweet." I felt myself blushing and looked down, but he put his hand under my chin to lift my face.

"No thanks, I do not think I could drink anything else tonight." Looking directly in his eyes I could see myself wanting to kiss him. My insides were churning at his touch hearing my blood rushing with the increased beat of my heart. He was a definite turn on.

"Belinda, do you want to get out of this noisy place?" I cannot stay any longer it is beginning to make my head spin. Jerry looked at me intently for some reason I knew I could trust him. 

"Sure let me tell my friends. Will you drop me off at my house later, or do I need to get someone to pick me up?" Hoping he would take me home. My mother would love this guy. Chuckling to myself, my mother would have thrown a fit at his age.

"I will take you home my little Belinda, never fear you are safe with me." I really believed I would be. Walking to where my friend Shelly was to tell her I was leaving with Jerry. She did not look too happy telling me to be careful. Looking at Shelly one more time, and left the nightclub with Jerry. "Talk to you all tomorrow." 

The parking lot was dimly lit and I could not tell what kind of car it was. I could make out that it was a dark blue newer sedan. The inside smelled of Old Spice cologne the same thing my father wore. He turned to smile at me putting his hand on my leg. "Will you be fine if I take you to my house?"

"Sure, but I want you to know that I do not normally leave bars with men." I told him sheepishly. Jerry laughed at my remark.

"I was not even thinking anything near that little Belinda. Do you mind if I call you Red?"

"No, I do not mind Jerry. May I call you Len?" He waited for a moment before answering.

"I hope this doesn't sound strangely to you, but would you mind calling me daddy?" He was quiet as he spoke, and I was slightly confused. 

"Ah, well yes I guess I can call you daddy if that is what you like." Looking at him with consternation. Whatever floated his boat I suppose. I was feeling high off the alcohol, the music was calm and soothing. Jerry's voice was confident, kind and sensual.

It was not long before we were in his home enjoying a glass of wine in front of the already lit fireplace. The light was low, soft jazz playing in the background. He looked at me running his hand through my hair then caressing my face. "You are a beautiful woman Red." Jerry continued with his hand down my neck to trace his finger along my cleavage. Instantly I felt my nipples harden. His thumb found my peaks rubbing them softly while staring in my eyes.

"Daddy, that feels really good." He smiled and put his lips to my nipple through my clothes. His hands slid down my sides to my rounded hips as Jerry picked me up and set me on his lap. Feeling his hardness against my butt, I felt myself starting to get very wet. Kissing me gently down my neck then back to my lips. Taking my bottom lip into his mouth and suckling. The feeling was unbelievable. Laying me back on the couch he began touching my entire body.

Lifting my skirt, his knee gently nudged my knees apart he noticed the large wet spot on my cotton bikini undies. "Oh Red you are very hot for Daddy. Look at that beautiful patch of wetness you have spilled for me." Sticking his nose deep into my wet pussy, inhaling he said "Oh my God what a glorious smell my little Red has." I could hear him, then feel him slightly sucking at my undies. "You taste as sweet as you smell."

"Thank you, daddy. Can I touch you now?" I needed to feel his cock against my hot skin.

"No, and you will do as daddy tells you little Red, OK?" I nodded my understanding. Very heady with the wine, and for some unknown reason I was very hot for him. This is so unlike me I thought. Jerry undressed me stroking my entire body. Lingering on my breasts to caress them softly. Traveling down to caress my smooth shaved labia letting a finger slide up and down my wet cleft but not entering. "Daddy's little girl feels very good. Do you like the way I touch you?"

"Yes, Daddy I love the way you are touching me. I want to touch you too." I said in heat for him.

Jerry tweaked my nipple a little rougher than the touch from earlier."Now Daddy's little Red shouldn't say that until he is ready for you to touch him. I want to show my beautiful angel what it feels like to be made mad passionate love to" Again I nodded my understanding. Jerry was reeking havoc on my senses. The need to yell take me now! Instead he picked me up and carried me to the bedroom. Gently he laid me on the bed on my stomach. Feeling so light headed, but his touch was making my senses tingle. He undressed and lay on top of me running his hands up and down my arms. 

Jerry began running his hands down my back to my butt where he slightly tapped my ass telling me, "What a nice firm curved ass my little girl has. It pleases me a great deal, little Red." He lifted me up slightly to slide a pillow under my stomach then parted my legs. I could feel his hot breath against my cunt knowing I was exposed and open for him to see all. 

Hearing his moaning I realized he moved up toward the head of the bed. I turned to see him on his knees stroking the biggest cock I had ever seen in my life. "Now you can suck Daddy, and you better do it right or daddy won't be very happy."

"Now open that little mouth of yours and suck Daddy's rock hard rod." Obeying, but and excited at the thought of suckling his hard man's meat and massaging his huge sack. He shoved his rod toward my face rubbing all over making me strain to lick at the head. I felt his fingers in my hair pulling my head back to push it into my mouth. Slowly taking the big throbbing purple cut head into my mouth tasting his pre cum. Looking him directly in the eye making love to his throbbing member. Hoping he would never forget what the look of unbridled passion in my eyes. Pushing deeper in my mouth began stretching wider. My Daddy's rod is about ten inches long, but he was thick. I took the first three inches well. He slid it out and back in this time thrusting deep into my throat. That is when I felt a tap on my ass, "Be a good girl and take it all. I can tell how much you love sucking cock." He began pumping my face with his hands in my hair pulling me to him. "Suck it my little baby fuck slut." Moaning as I took him deep while caressing his large balls rolling them forward against my face. I moaned onto his big hot rod, which seemed to make him even hotter. His breathing became harder, "Oh my God little girl you sure know what you are doing. Daddy loves that beautiful mouth." Jerry reached down to play with my exposed honey hole moaning as he felt how wet I was. 

He stopped pumping my face, "That was a good girl Red. Now daddy will give you some pleasure."

Jerry was between my legs. Feeling his tongue on my cleft sliding up and down. Dipping his tongue deep into my pussy lapping up what juice was there before he began lapping at my exposed cunt. Flicking it with his tongue then sliding it into his mouth sucking it like a little rod. His tongue was flicking back and forth across the sensitive pleasure pearl while sucking sent me into my first orgasm. "That's it my little baby bitch cum for daddy so I can eat it all." Jerry's fingers found my love hole as he worked them in and out with his thumb running across my cunt at the same time. My hips moving with the rhythm of his fingers. I jumped when I felt his tongue reaming my tight virgin ass hole. The sensation was glorious. That's when I felt his tongue enter my rosebud darting in and out. Loudly I began to moan feeling another wave of pleasure taking over. "Ah yes my little slut. I can tell you enjoy the way your daddy takes care of you." 

I screamed out "Daddy I am going to cum in your hand." The waves started as they did he tapped my ass while thrusting his fingers in and out of me.

"Cum my little baby, cum in my hand." Another love tap landed on my butt. Exploding with an orgasm like I have never had before. Feeling my butt cheeks, separated being lubed with the juices from my pussy. One large finger was being pressed against my tight rosebud.

Loudly I said "NO, please don't do that." Again Jerry tapped my butt and slowly inserted his big finger. I felt a pain of burning shooting through my butt making me suck in a deep breath and hold it. I felt him kissing my butt, cooing me. Doing as he said I felt his finger slid all the way in. Pumping in and out for a couple minutes he said, "Now I am going to put my fat rod in my little baby's tight cunt." With easy tender care slowly buried his huge meat deep inside of me. 

Soon Jerry found his rhythm nice and slow. Feeling something against my love hole again I could tell it was his thumb. Working it in slowly as he pounded my anal love hole deep and hard. Grunting loudly he said "You are being a good baby so I will give you a treat."

"Yes, daddy I would love a treat." Again I felt a tap on my butt which told me he wasn't untying me. The taps were not hard, and not meant to hurt. They were more playful than anything. Feeling wonderfully, full with both holes filled.

"Here comes your treat baby." I nodded hoping it would be more pleasurable. When he slipped his mammoth rod out of my ass and pushed against my tight pussy. Slowly he slid it in inch by inch until I felt his hairy balls against my throbbing pleasure pearl."That's a good girl. You take daddy's rod very well you little slut." I nodded enjoying the feel of his huge rod touching places deep within my pleasure center making my muscles contract around his rod. 

Jerry kept pumping but not hard it was smooth and easy. While deep inside of me he lay on my back rubbing up my arms and shoulders sensually."How does Daddy's little girl feel now?"

"That feels wonderful daddy. You are very sexy and hot." I was surprised at my own boldness knowing the possibility this man would tap my butt again.

"I am teaching you a lesson my little Red. From now on you need to think about who you leave a bar with." After saying this he pulled out of my love hole and turned me over placing kisses all over my body. Sweet gentle kisses, nibbling his way to my mouth where he passionately kissed me. Jerry left the room for a few minutes. When he returned, he carried me to the bathroom where there was a huge garden tub filled with a lilac scented bubble bath. He carefully bathed me then slid into the water with me while I bathed him. Moving me in front of him to lean back against his chest he murmured in my ear, "What a sweet little girl Daddy has. Did you learn your lesson little Red?"

"Yes Daddy, I won't go home with anyone without knowing them first." Feeling like a wayward child being caught with their hand in the candy jar.

"A good girl, now your Daddy has a surprise for you." Jerry smoothed my brow caressing my face, neck and shoulders. He poured me a glass of wine and I took it like an obedient child would. Taking the glass from my hand he helped me out of the tub drying me off from head to toe. Then he dried himself walking me back to the bedroom.

Laying on the bed was another man. His rod was not as big as Jerry's but it was a good eight inches of beautiful cut meat. "Little Red I want you to meet, well, let's call him your Uncle Phil." Jerry smiled at me and urged me toward the bed. Phil took no time in attaching his mouth to my hardened nipple. "Show Uncle Phil properly that you are happy to see he has brought you a wonderful rod." I was not sure what he wanted. Giving him questioning looks he guided me on the bed to Uncle Phil's cock. 

"Now you must use the names we gave each other. You will see how hot it makes your tight little pussy." Daddy kissed me pulling me to Uncle Phil's rod. To my surprise he took the hardened cock into his own mouth. Licking around the head then taking it deep into his mouth all the way to Uncle Phil's sack. "See how Daddy sucks Uncle Phil's rod? Now show Daddy you can do it." 

"Yes, Daddy, I liked watching you suck Uncle Phil's rod. It is one of the hottest things I have ever seen" He reached back and ran his hand on my love hole feeling how wet it made me to watch him. I took Phil's rod in my mouth and began sucking him the best I knew how. That is when I felt "Daddy's" tongue shoving up my tight love hole. He soon replaced it with two fingers slowly massaging my inner velvet. His thumb was on my pleasure pearl and another not entering but pressing against my rosebud. Uncle Phil was playing with my nipples and caressing my body all over. I could hear them talking back and forth but could not make out what they were saying.

Phil finally spoke to me, "Little Red, we are both going to fuck you at the same time. Would you like that?" He had sort of a weird laugh when he said that. 

"I am not sure Uncle Phil I have never had two men at one time." Apprehensive and unsure of what to expect.

"This is not open for discussion my little girl. You will be fucked by both of us. Do you understand?" Daddy was starting to be upset so I nodded in agreement. I was starting to feel the wave of an orgasm hit me and my cunt started to clench on his fingers. "No, little Red I want you hot enough to beg to be fucked."

Lifting my ass up he put me over top of Uncle Phil's mouth who began to tease my cunt. Licking around my pleasure pearl, but never touching it. Sucking on my lips running a finger up and down my wet cleft but never entering me. "You like this little Red, being teased?" 

"Yes, it feels good but I need to feel something inside of me, or suck my pleasure pearl until I cum please." I am getting desperate to have an orgasm, they bring me to the brink and take it away again. Thinking I would lose my mind before I got to cum. I tried to move my hips to capture his finger or tongue, all they did was laugh at my attempts. Not remembering who it was whom laid me on the bed on my back, but I do remember hands everywhere touching, fondling every inch of my body. It was like heaven igniting a fire deep inside of me. Soon I was begging for both of them. "Please, God please fuck me, suck me do whatever you want, just let me cum!" I yelled out.

Taking their cue Daddy put his rod in my pussy and began pumping me hard. Uncle Phil put his hard throbbing rod in my mouth letting me greedily suck him. He bent forward and began sucking on my swollen throbbing clit while he pumped my face. I started to cum and Daddy knew it he yelled out "That's my little slut cum on Daddy's big rod like the good little bitch I taught you to be. Come on baby, grind that cunt into me." His nasty talking got me so hot I began to buck up against both of them, not getting enough. Wave after wave of orgasm taking total control of my body. My head was spinning at the feeling such a wonderful feeling to be so full of beautiful rods when you are cumming. 

As I came down off the orgasm high, I felt both of them tense. Both men pulled out their rods and began shooting their loads all over my tits and stomach. "Daddy's good little cunt loves to be covered with cum." To my surprise Daddy bent down and sucked the remaining milk out of Uncle Phil's cock. Uncle Phil leaned over me licking up all of the cum off my body then kissed me deeply. I could taste all three of us in his mouth and it was wonderful. 

All of us went to take a shower together, but that is another story.