 I guess I can blame it all on you. After listening to you talk about your little "morsel" and what you intend to do with her, I couldn't help but feel aroused all day. By evening, I knew what I had to do.

I made a short trip to my favorite bar.

After working late, I ran home to change clothes. I wore the usual—tight white T-shirt and short black skirt. The underthings stayed at home for this trip. It's amazing how clothing can amplify the way you feel. And those clothes make me feel like a whore the minute I put them on. I wear them for no other purpose. Just seeing them hang in my closet excites me.

I hopped in the car and drove quickly over to the bar. There weren't too many cars in the lot, and I was afraid there wouldn't be anyone who'd suit my needs. I went inside and sat down at the bar for a few minutes to decide whom to target. It seemed like there were nothing but couples, so I decided to go sit in the back booth and wait for a single man or two to show up.

I took my drink and wandered back to "the booth," which was vacant. I wasn't there too long when an attractive young couple came up and asked if they could join me. My nipples immediately stiffened as I excitedly replied "yes!"

The man slid in next to me, and the woman, across from us. He began asking me a few small-talk sorts of questions, which I politely answered. The woman said nothing as she watched us intently. I almost immediately felt his hand start to graze my thigh, and slowly start to move upward. He laughed and mentioned that he felt goosebumps on my thigh and asked if I was cold or excited.

"Excited," I barely whispered. I couldn't find my voice. I was thrilled to have this stranger touching me while the woman watched. I wanted more. I got greedy and opened my thighs wider, hoping his hand would travel farther upward towards my moistening pussy. As soon as he felt me do this, his hand squeezed my thigh roughly. "No, no, no," he cautioned me. "I'll be in charge of this little adventure. Right now, I need you to go get two beers for us." 

He slowly pulled his hand away, trailing his fingers back down my shaking thigh. I slid out of the booth and was barely able to stand. I heard the woman laugh as I swayed while trying to gain my footing. I steadied myself and walked to the bar, head swimming, to fetch them their beer. My hard nipples were clearly outlined by my tight top. There was no question that I was aroused.

I quickly came back to the booth with the drinks. I sat them on the tabletop, and then slid into the booth next to the man. His hand found my thigh immediately, and traveled quickly north. He leaned over to whisper near my ear, which sent shivers through me.

"We've noticed you back here before, with some of your friends. We think we have an idea of the kind of girl you are. Would we be right?" he asked, his warm breath tickling my ear. "I'm up for some fun," I rasped, finding it hard to speak. "What did you have in mind?"

"My girlfriend enjoys watching me with other women," he said. And just then, I felt his fingers graze the outer edge of my pussy lips. I sucked in my breath, and pushed hard against his fingers. He quickly pulled them away. I must have let out a moan, because the woman laughed at me again. I also felt his hand on my shoulder, forcing me back towards the bench. I had been rubbing my nipples against the edge of the table. "You need to behave," he snapped at me. "This is our party. You are just the entertainment."

"I understand," I mumbled. "Good girl. That's what I like to hear," he said. "Now, slide over here and get close."

I slid over so my hip was touching his. I felt his fingers under my skirt again, just for an instant. He grabbed my hand and placed it in his lap. I could feel an incredible hard-on lurking underneath. I had to feel it. I grabbed the zipper and started to yank it down.

"Ah, ah, ah…not so fast," he whispered as I felt his fingers give my nipple a rough, hard pinch. "You do what I tell you to do." I agreed, feeling so frustrated I could hardly stand it.

At that moment, the woman slid out of the booth and came over to our side and slid in next to me. The three of us now sat in a row, facing out towards the bar. Anyone who looked our way could see us, and what we were doing.

"What are you in the mood for, my dear?" The man asked the woman. I enjoyed the feeling of her arm pressing against my side, and the way she smelled so sweet. "You know what I like dear," she said. 

At that moment I felt his hand plow under my skirt and grip the edge of my wet pussy roughly. I gasped out loud, both with surprise and pleasure. "My, my, you are a wet one, aren't you? Do you like it when you can be watched?" He had no idea how much I like it.

"This is what you'll do," he began explaining very matter-of-factly. "You'll get down on your knees for me. I want you to slide your skirt and your top up so we can see you touching yourself. I want you to take my cock into your mouth. You'll suck it until I cum. And don't forget—you'll be looking at her the entire time you do this."

I felt her hand on my shoulder, pushing me off the bench and down onto the floor. I slid my skirt up around my hips, exposing my bare, soaked pussy. I rolled up my T-shirt and exposed my breasts with their rock-hard nipples. I felt cheap and whorish—naked on a dirty barroom floor. And the fact that she was watching me, about to suck her boyfriend was almost more than I could stand.

I saw her hand reach over and unzip his jeans. She reached in and pulled out his hard cock and held it out towards my face. "Suck it!" he barked at me. She continued to hold it at the base as I leaned forward to take his cock between my lips. 

It was what I'd needed for so long. To feel a cock—any cock in my mouth. My fingers danced on my clit as she shoved his cock down my throat. It was large—probably 8 inches long and several inches around. I took it all, because I needed to feel it all. 

I rubbed my nipples against his knee as I bobbed on his cock. I opened my eyes and saw the woman staring at me, eyes wide. The man was leaning back, eyes closed, against the bench. She still held his cock as I worked on it. "Is that good baby?" I heard her ask him. "Is she doing it right?" All I heard from him was a grunt. I wanted him to cum—I wanted her to see him cum all over me. 

I felt his hand on my head, moving it faster back and forth. I sucked harder and faster as I felt him swell in my mouth. My fingers plunged sloppily in and out of my wet hole in anticipation of being showered with his hot cum while this woman watched. 

The pace quickened as he literally fucked my face. I heard the woman whispering "Yes, yes," as I worked furiously on his rock-hard rod. I needed that cum. I had to have it.

I felt his legs tensing, and heard him growl "here it comes!" The woman whipped the cock away from my mouth, and before I knew it, aimed it right at my face, covering me with his hot, explosive load. I buried my fingers inside myself as I came along with him, enjoying the feeling of a stranger's cum coating my face, neck and tits.

She held his cock like a hose, spraying me with more and more of his cum. It dripped from my chin, onto my heaving chest. As my orgasm subsided, my hands went to my tits to spread the cum all over my chest. The hot stickiness felt wonderful! I was lost for a moment in my own desire.

I snapped back to reality when I felt his hand grab my hair and pull me towards his cock. "Clean me up," He barked. I took his limp cock between my lips and removed all traces of his sweet cum. She then yanked his cock away and placed it back in his jeans for him.

There I was—kneeling under a barroom table, exposed, and covered in cum. I felt deliciously nasty and dirty, and fulfilled. I didn't care who saw me, and I'm sure many people did. Everyone in the bar knows what goes on in that back booth.

I felt her finger on my cheek, swirling around some of the sweet stickiness. "Thank you," she whispered as she licked the tip of her finger. "That was just the way I like it." "Move back a minute," he said to me. And as I slid back across the floor, they slid out of the booth and walked towards the back door. 

I pulled my knees from the cum-crusted floor as I slid down my skirt. I used my T-shirt to dab at my face, leaving much of the cum exactly where it was. I rolled the T-shirt across my chest, sliding it down over sticky breasts. 

When I sat back up on the booth seat, I noticed a $20 on the table. I was so proud! I had earned more whore money. More cash that I would never, ever spend.

I slid out across the booth, and walked slowly past the pool tables, and past the bar towards the front door. I know I was being stared at, and I hope they watched what I did in that booth. Perhaps they'll be the lucky ones the next time I visit the bar.