 In chapter 3, we saw the background of how Joseph and Barbara had made preparations for the gang bang and how their relationship had suddenly changed from friends to lovers. Now we go back to the rec room where the invited men have been exploring Barbara's body.

*****

"Ok guys," said Joseph, having watched the activity from his place at the rec room bar. "That's a good start." He selected a bottle of water from the fridge and walked toward the circle of men who had been fondling and fingering Barbara. "Give me a moment, fellas," he said.

The men began to disengage from the object of their lust. Barbara felt fingers slipping free of her vagina and rectum, and hands releasing her breasts. The sudden emptiness caused her a brief disappointment but she knew it was only a momentary pause. She had an entire evening ahead. An entire evening of having her body used in any way these men desired.

Joseph tilted the water bottle to her lips. She took several sips.

"How are you doing?" he asked.

"I'm good," she responded. "My legs are a little shaky, but I'm good." She pulled on her shackled wrists, trying to straightened up and get herself as comfortable as possible, given that her legs were stretched far apart by the spreader bar. "But I want to be fucked so badly right now."

Joseph cupped his fingertips under her chin and looked her straight in the eyes. "All in good time," he said. "But first, there is that matter of a flogging."

Joseph detected a slight twinkle in her eye.

"As long as you promise it will hurt," she responded.

"Jee-suss," hissed one of the men. 

"Alright fellas," Joseph said, turning toward the gathering. "We're going to have a little demonstration. I'd like you to gather in a semi-circle in front and give our slut a good look at what you have to offer."

The men, all of them now naked, shuffled into position. They were all jacking their dicks, anxious to blow the loads that were building up inside them.

Barbara's eyes widened as she swept her gaze back and forth among the men, checking them for size. There were no disappointments. One cock in particular had the largest head she had ever seen, full and rounded with a smooth slope up to a pronounced ridge. "Oh my god," she whispered. She felt the wetness oozing from the pores of her labia. She wanted to feel that head pushing into her. 

"Now," said Joseph, as he stepped over to a tall cabinet and opened the door. "I know that you're all anxious to get to the fucking...but first things first." 

Inside the cabinet was an array of whips, riding crops and assorted chains and leather devices. 

Joseph selected a pair of floggers. "These are horsehair floggers," he said, holding the implements up for all to see. "They have dozens of strands of real horsehair and are one of the best items you can use to give your subject a gentle warmup. As you know, when I was recruiting you fellows for tonight's enjoyment, one of things I asked each of you was if you had particular fetishes or sexual desires that you would like to live out; things that you have fantasized about but haven't been able to get your girlfriends or wives to agree to. One of the most common wishes," he continued, as he walked to Barbara's side, "is to cum all over a woman's face. Frankly, it kind of surprised me that despite the prevalence of this activity on the internet, there are still a lot of wives and girlfriends who won't let their guys do it." Joseph brushed the back of his hand lightly over Barbara's cheek. "Well, that won't be a problem tonight, will it my sweet?"

Barbara pressed her cheek against Joseph's warm hand and nodded no, it wouldn't be a problem.

"Go ahead," he said to her. "Tell them it's okay." He nodded toward the group of naked men.

Barbara looked at the horny assembly in front of her. "You can cum on my face if you want."

"Fuckin' A!" yelled one of the men, obviously one of those who wasn't allowed to engage in that kink at home. A few of the other men hollered in agreement.

"I also learned," continued Joseph, "that some of your partners refuse to let you enjoy anal with them."

"You got that right," said one. "My wife won't let me near her precious butt. She acts like it's made of fine porcelain or something." His frustration was clear. "Been married for god knows how long and she freaks out if I even touch it with a finger."

"My, my," said Joseph, slipping a hand down Barbara's back and letting his fingertips tickle the crack of her behind. "Tell us. Are you a stuck up little bitch with a porcelain butt?"

"No," she responded. "I'm a dirty slut who wants cock in all my holes." She looked right into the eyes of the man who had just complained about his wife. "What's your name?"

"Andy."

"Well Andy. Maybe your wife won't let you have her there but I'd love for you to be the first to fuck me right up the ass tonight."

Andy's face beamed as if he had just received a long-desired Christmas gift. The other men cheered him and several of them released their grips on their cocks long enough to give Barbara a round of applause. 

"Okay, okay, guys." Joseph called for calm. "There's one more thing that came up when I talked to all of you about participating in this evening's event." Joseph waved one of the floggers. "Except for a little light play with handcuffs and blindfolds, it seems there isn't one among you who has had the pleasure of giving a woman a good flogging. But you'll be happy to know that our guest of honor here has asked for just that. 

Barbara grinned, knowing that seeing her being flogged would take the men to another level of excitement. 

Joseph stepped behind Barbara and ran his fingertips across her shoulders, down her back and again over the rise of her buttocks. "So tonight," he said to the onlookers, "You're in for a real treat. I'm going to give you some basics and then let a couple of you give it a try."

Barbara felt one of those little moments of panic that intruded every so often. This wasn't exactly in her plan. She was anxious to have Joseph flog her but they hadn't talked about letting the other men do so. It took her a moment to wrap her brain around this surprise. And then, just as quickly as she had felt trepidation at the idea, she now found herself experiencing an unexpected thrill at the thought of giving herself to these total strangers, not only for sex, but also for a whipping. 

Joseph took a position five feet directly behind Barbara. "Now, as I said, the horsehair provides a nice warmup." He began casting each flogger over Barbara's shoulder blades, bringing one from each side so that they worked in a criss-cross pattern. The strands made a light swishing sound as they curved through the air and lightly contacted her skin. He guided the floggers down the curve of her back, as far as the top of her buttocks and then up again to her shoulders. 

"Mmmmmmm," Barbara murmured. She closed her eyes and concentrated on the tingling of her back. 

"Whenever you are flogging someone, and especially if you are using whips heavier than these, you must take great care to avoid certain areas, such as the neck, the spinal column and the kidney's," Joseph cautioned. "Keep your strikes to the fleshier parts of the back and the buttocks."

Joseph's mention of heavier whips excited Barbara. While the horsehair felt pleasant, she was secretly waiting for a stronger sensation. Prior to her marriage, she had been spanked by one of her lovers and it had been a significant turn on for her but for some reason, either introversion or embarrassment she had never clearly enunciated how much she enjoyed it. And later, after getting married, she kept this fetish secret from her husband. 

"Now that we have a soft, pink glow," Joseph said, as he walked over to the equipment cabinet and returned the horsehair floggers to their hooks, "we're going to step up the sensation." He reached for a single flogger. This one," he said to the gathering as he stepped back into position,"is made of leather. It can be used lightly, similar to the horsehair, but it can also create some real pain."

Barbara felt another of those tiny waves of panic.

"Ready?" asked Joseph.

"Yes," she replied, her mind racing with anticipation. 

Joseph grabbed the ends of the leather strands with one hand and created tension his arm, building up potential energy. The room fell quiet. 

Joseph released his grip on the business end of the flogger. The leather strands rushed through the air and landed with a loud crack against the soft skin of Barbara's bottom.

"Ahhhhhhhh!" she gasped. The impact felt like dozens of bees had stung her.

Joseph drew his arm back and struck again, just as hard.

"Ooooooow...fuck!" Barbara gasped and involuntarily thrust her pelvis forward away from the pain. She clenched her buttocks. The chains rattled as she pulled and twisted. Her body had a dual reaction. On one hand, it squirmed and panicked, trying to flee the pain, but on the other, it released a gush of juices into her pussy which pulsed like a heartbeat between her legs. Yes, she said to herself, it hurts. Fuck it hurts. But the slippery buildup in her labia betrayed her. She knew another strike was coming. She looked at the wide-eyed faces staring at her. Yes, she said to herself...watch me...watch me.

Joseph drew back the flogger and aimed at the other side of Barbara's soft ass.

THWACK!!

...To be continued in Chapter 05.