 Copyright and All Rights Reserved Shawn Keith. Barbara’s Story Part IV by Shawn Keith Reach me at the link below the story. Let me know that you think.

The rain poured down as Barbara pulled into the real estate office parking lot. She didn’t have her umbrella and had just arrived for an interview. She sat frustrated in her car. She was going to be late. The cell phone. She reached for it. If the battery wasn’t dead she’d call and let them know she was there, but trapped in the parking lot.

“Hello, Johnson Realty, this is Suzanne may I help you?” a secretary pleasantly asked. Relieved and somewhat embarrassed, Barbara sat in her car while the rain subsided from a downpour to a light sprinkle. She hustled in and still got wet from the rain. 

Barbara wore a business suit that maximized the effects of her curves in an understated, business like fashion. She looked good. She felt sexy. Underneath her panties captured the beautiful red mound between her legs in a delicate, soft embrace. She wore her green panties, one of her favorites. Her lucky panties. They were high cut, but not a thong.

Though she had those, too. She loved wearing sexy things now. She felt so alive, open to the erotic world that was available to those who were aware of it. She felt like she could reach out and touch that world. She tingled with nervousness and excitement. Sexual excitement? Was she feeling aroused? No, it was just pre-interview nerves.

"May I help you," asked the secretary. Her voice was sensuous, yet there was no apparent attempt to be so. The secretary was blonde and was wearing large, dark rimmed glasses that made her look prim and proper. She had a cute little button nose and looked as innocent as the day she had been born. She was young and attractive. No vixen, though, not her. Later, she would find out how wrong you can be. 

"I have an interview with Mr. Johnson." said Barbara. She couldn't help but notice the secretaries ample breasts discreetly hidden under her blouse. She probably got a lot of attention from men from those. Most of it probably not welcome. Her breasts were almost as big as Barbara’s. She looked so innocent and yet, had sexy allure, too. What’s wrong with me? I don’t even know her and I’m sizing her up. Barbara remembered her sessions with Janine. What would it be like to be with her? Stop! That’s not how I am. But, it was and she was.

Barbara's nipples began hardening and her mind wondered to topics other than her imminent interview. What was this? I am alive with sexual excitement. She was not displeased with her answer. She was and she liked it. It felt good, so enlivening. Besides, no one could read her mind. Could they? She snapped herself back at the sound of the secretary calling Mr. Johnson. "Mr. Johnson, your 2 o'clock appointment is here." The secretary, Suzanne, smiled warmly and knowingly at her. Barbara felt like she’d been caught. Her hand was in the cookie jar.

“He's ready for you.” she said, a mysterious smile spread across her face. Was there a double meaning in that message. An there an invitation in that smile? A glint in her eye? Was her mind just running away with her? Was she going crazy? 

Barbara’s mind flashed back to her experience with Janine. She imagined running her fingers through Suzanne’s hair, smelling her sweet scent while holding her close and feeling her body’s heat. Am I going crazy? Seems like all I think about is sex these days. It had been that way since Janine had seduced her and driven her to heights of pleasure she once only imagined. Now, she knew those heights were real and she wanted scale them again.

Suzanne smiled knowingly as she watched Barbara enter the office. She did have a nice figure that one, heavy large breasts slightly bigger than her own, housed modestly within her business suit. Even a suit couldn’t hide that much titty, she thought. She smiled. She had the same problem. She admired Barbara’s sensuous curves discreetly. Mr. Johnson would like her even if she was a ditz. God, she hoped not.

Barbara was the best looking interviewee today. Mr. Johnson would probably get a raging hard on. She might have to do something about that. She smiled. I wonder if she plays she thought and went back to work.

Mr. Johnson didn’t think about Mrs. Johnson for the next 3O minutes. Mr. Johnson had trouble thinking about her around Suzanne, too, unless she called while they were fucking. Suzanne had given him plenty of reasons not to think about her and created a fun pastime to whittle away the some of dull hours of day. 

It all started with her interview. Mr. Johnson was the only one there and he was so strong and good looking. She found herself taking dictation and she hadn’t even been hired. Since, then she had taken a lot of dictation and the just the WORD got her juices flowing. If that one works here things may get interesting she thought.

"Well did you get the job?" Janine asked.

"I don't know. He wants to do a second interview. God, he's so handsome Janine. I got wet just sitting there talking to him. My mind kept wandering. I hope he didn't think I was stupid. All I could think about was undressing him. “

You did this to me! I can’t stop thinking about sex. I want it all the time.” 

Janine laughed she had heard this before. 

“Your just getting in touch with your sexuality, that’s all. Its natural to want more sex after you have got some and to find it, too.” she hinted. She knew what was happening. Barbara was aware of erotic possibilities now. She had had many friends who experienced the same thing, Molly, in particular was a good example. Mmm, she’d have to call her old friend.

"Did he stare at your tits? 

Men were so predictable she thought. Janine loved Barbara’s tits, but she didn’t stare, at least not openly. She loved her big sensitive nipples and how excited Barbara became when they were teased and squeezed. 

"He definitely looked, but he didn't stare. He was attentive and thoughtful during the interview and we got on well. I just hope I get the job."

“You will, I’m sure you will.”

"Jim and I want you to come over. We've got something to show you. I think you're going to love it. 

“You do? What, what is it? Tell me.” Secrets and surprises always made her curious.

“Its a surprise. Come and see.” 

Barbara’s pussy moistened. She both loved and hated suspense. What Janine said next though really got her wet and left her tingling with anticipation.

“Barbara, Jim and I want to have sex with you. We want a menage-a-trios." 

"What?! Oh, my god. Really?" 

Holy fuck! Barbara was unable to believe what her friend was asking. She had hoped. She liked Jim and thought he was attractive. The man had a great ass, a body like a rock and from what Janine said a dick to die for. He looked like he was built for fucking. Barbara wanted to fuck Jim, suck his hard cock, and feel him pounding her pussy filling her again and again with his man meat.

While teasing her nipples with her vibrator she’d imagined Jim ravishing her. Squeezing her breasts, licking and sucking her nipples to her delight. Then, when she slipped the vibrator into her wetness she imagined Jim was fucking her lustfully. She’d gotten off powerfully many times to that fantasy during her unfulfilling marriage. Fuck Rick that asshole! Fucking panty waste!

She was glad to be rid of him. She was living a new life. Her life was unlike anything she had ever imagined, unlike anything she thought could be. She was facing the world anew a renewed woman with a renewed spirit. Her heart raced. She would do it.

"Barbara, we both love you, we adore you. Jim wants you. It'll be fun. We've done it before with other men and women, even couples. We're good at it. Barbara you'll really like it."

Barbara laughed. She didn’t need anymore convincing. She had made her mind up. Jim wants me! she thought. Barbara's heart pounded and she felt an awakening of desire grow within her. 

"Yeah, I’ll come. I mean I want to come. Uh, you know what I mean. I love you guys, too.”

“We love you too, Barbara. You're going to be the center of attention, if you know what I mean.” 

Barbara didn’t, but it sounded good. 

“You’ll need to bring a few things. I want to . . ."

“Mmm, yeah, O.K. right.”

Barbara's heart raced and her pussy moistened at Janine's suggestions. They were so naughty and they was really turning her on. Maybe part of the attraction was that it seemed naughty. 

People were forever doing things they thought they shouldn’t do she thought. Even things they’d tell you they shouldn’t do. Or at least, things other people told them they shouldn’t do. 

She thought of all the should nots in her life. Some of them were falling. Good. And good riddance.

What did she mean be the center of attention? Barbara smiled she remember having been the center Janine's attentions before. That was nice, real nice. This could be even better. Now, Jim would be there, too. She nudged her breast with her hand and rubbed her nipple through her blouse and bra. She felt her nipples erecting. Her other hand snaked down her thigh. A thousand thoughts whirled through her mind. She imagined what it would be like being together with Jim and Janine. Damn! Friday couldn't come too soon. But, it was only Monday. 

Friday was so far away she thought. She got out her overnight bag and packed what Janine said she needed. In her panty drawer, she selected a vibrator, her favorite one. Its whirring sensation around her clit got her so excited and wet. She always brought herself off good with it. I need some relief she thought and turned the knob at the vibrator’s base. 

Whirring, she brought it to her breast and circled around and around in ever tightening circles towards her hardening nipples. She unbuttoned her blouse. Then pleased herself thoroughly, again and again fantasizing about Jim and Janine and what they would do. She especially fantasized about Jim’s cock.

“Well, you are well qualified for the position.” said the man behind the desk, Mr. Johnson. Inwardly, he admired the beauty of her face and the exotic sensuality she exuded. Smart and beautiful. The whole package he thought. No ring. He smiled. Would she fuck? “I think you would be an asset to our business. When can you start?” Barbara’s heart lept for joy. She got the job! And she would be working with one handsome man. No ring. That was good.

He stood up to shake her hand. She admired his taste in clothes, well fitted pants, tailored shirt. He looked good. Sexy. She glanced at his trousers. Was that a bulge she saw? She’d probably she a bulge on a cardboard man! An ingratiating smile spread across his face as he caught the flicker of her eyes. He gave no hint that he had though. 

“Well, we got one more beautiful, smart woman working here. Glad to have you aboard, Barbara.” His strong hand closed over hers and encompassed it. His hands were big. Barbara felt their strength and his gentleness as his hand closed over hers. His hand was warm and it shook hers gently, but firmly. 

As they shook, he looked her in the eye. Her heart fluttered. His eyes sparkled and his face was inviting. He had chiseled manly face. He was really quite handsome she thought. Her heart fluttered. They were still shaking hands both had forgotten about it. His eyes looked deeply and confidently into her own. It was a gaze she could melt under if she wasn’t careful. Was that desire in that gaze? Was she just seeing sexually invitations everywhere now? She gripped his hand firmly and smiled back winningly. 

“I can start next Monday, Mr. Jone’s”

“Please, call me Karl.” He flashed her his sexy smile. He bid her good day and as she left his eyes drank in every curve of Barbara’s pleasant and sexy features. He had to have her. Knowingly, Suzanne watched. Oh, boy. Things were getting interesting.

“Suzanne, could you come in here a minute, please.” 

As Barbara left, Suzanne flashed her a big thumbs up and smiled. 

“He’s great to work for. You’ll love it here.” 

Barbara was puzzled by her effusiveness. She sure was happy. Well, that’s a good thing.

Happy employees were a good sign in any workplace.

“Suzanne, I have some dictation I need you to take.” said Mr. Johnson unbuckling his belt. 

“Close the door.” 

He reached down between his legs and squeezed his bulging cock. God, she’d gotten him rock hard without even trying he marveled. It was a good thing he had such a great relationship with Suzanne. She could really give good head and she loved to fuck. Suzanne walked sexily over to him, kissed him, and got on her knees. 

“So did she accept the job?” she asked from between his legs. 

“Yes.” he said. Suzanne eased his zipper down. She loved sucking Mr. Johnson’s fat cock. He had one of the biggest tools she’d ever seen. Every time she saw it she was amazed all over again. She saw it frequently. What was wrong with Mrs. Johnson that she didn’t fuck his brains out daily? Some women. Huh! Soon, she was sucking Mr. Johnson’s hard cock with unbridled gusto.

Barbara knocked on the door and then left herself in. 

“Yoo-hoo, anyone home?” 

I’m in the kitchen replied Janine. She was there cleaning up dishes from that morning’s breakfast. 

“Hi, come on in. Did you bring everything?” Janine asked. She dried her hands finished with her cleaning, wiped them, and hugged Barbara warmly. They both enjoyed the closeness of each others bodies and prolonged the embrace.

Barbara already warm with anticipation became warmer still. 

“I brought everything you said. Even my favorite vibrator.” 

“Good, let me see it. Mmm, that’s nice Barbara. Janine ran her hands up and down the length of its bullet shape. 

“I use to have one like this.”

“Worked it to death.” 

They both laughed. 

“That ones seen plenty of use. I couldn’t wait after we talked last and I used it. I fantasized about being with you and Jim.” she confessed. 

“How marvelous.” Janine said and drew a step closer. Her lips sought Barbara’s. They shared a warm kiss. Janine’s tongue flitted into Barbara’s mouth. The sensation was exquisite. Barbara enjoyed its presence and sucked it. Her hands wrapped around Janine’s waist and she pulled her close hungrily. Janine ground her body into Barbara’s. 

They giggled like school girls at their wantonness.

“Do you want to play before Jim comes home?” 

“Hmm, yeah I’d like that.” 

“I have got some stuff to show you. Your going to love it.”

Remembering Janine’s previous mentioning, Barbara’s curiosity and anticipation peaked. She slipped her hand into Janine’s. 

“Come see what Jim made.” Janine walked her to the closed door. 

“Open it.” 

Barbara did. 

“Oh, my god!” 

“I don’t believe it.” 

She could barely take it all in at once. 

The room was huge. There was a king size bed with four posts on the back wall. In the middle of the room was a platform with a flexible looking chair on it. The chair had arm and leg restraints. In one corner was a tripod video tape recorder. It was pointed at the bed. There, on the wall was a picture of her and Janine making love. It was from her first time with Janine. 

“Ohh, my God!” Barbara said again. “I can’t believe it.” 

Janine had a mischievous, mile wide smile on her face. She hoped Barbara would like her surprise and hoped that she wouldn’t be offended that she’d videotaped their love making. 

“Where did you get the picture? How did you get it? You didn’t?” Barbara spurted incredulously. 

The picture showed Janine between Barbara’s legs and showed Barbara contorted in rapturous pleasure. She looked beautiful. The picture was incredibly erotic. 

“From the videotape.” Janine confessed. “From the videotape?! What videotape?” 

“Jim and I tape our sex sometimes, I hope you don’t mind. I didn’t tell you. I didn’t want to scare you off. We will destroy the tape if you want us to.” 

“No, no, no. Don’t do that!” 

Barbara smiled. She was flattered and turned on by the picture. The memories flooded back. Such glorious pleasure when Janine went down on her. She didn’t want to forget it. She couldn’t.

And she couldn’t be mad. No, not about this. 

“I love it.” she replied. “Its so erotic. So sexy!” 

The thought of being photographed naked much less while having sex and while orgasming at that had never, ever crossed her mind. All of this threatened to overwhelm her. 

“Yes, yes, I like it” she said and she hugged Janine tightly. 

“Thanks so much!” She felt flattered and excited and all out of breath. She pulled Janine close and kissed her. 

“Mmmm, you taste good.” she said. Her tongue probed Janine’s warm mouth and sought her tongue. She was so turned on she wanted to fuck right then and there. 

Then she saw it. 

It was on the other side of the room. She had never seen anything like it before. Leather hung from bars of metal above. Two chains went down to broad leather straps. Two nylon straps went to that bar, also. 

“What is that she asked?” 

“Its a love swing.” . 

“A love swing? I never heard of such a thing.” 

It was so much to take in. It was like being in some kind of sexual wonderland. Which way was up? 

“Here, I’ll show you.” Janine said. She sat down on the suspended leather seat. It held her comfortably. Then she leaned back in the seat and scooted herself forward. Barbara looked on sizing up the thing’s possibilities. Yeah. Janine lifted a leg and hooked it behind one of the nylon straps then she lifted the other. 

“See?” 

Barbara saw and she imagined all the wonderful things that could be done to a person in that position. She smiled with comprehension and sexual tension. Her voice became throaty. 

She moved next to Janine bent to her and kissed her delicately. Then she slipped her hand down Janine’s leg towards her womanhood. There, she caressed and stroked her pussy with her hand while kissing her insistently. Janine responded in kind. The lips locked and tongues fervently explored and were sucked. Barbara increased the pressure on Janine’s pussy and Janine moaned beneath her. Barbara felt so dominant, so in control. Janine was at her mercy. 

Janine’s pussy was getting wet. She was pleased Barbara had taken this all so well. And look what had happened. She was again in her lover’s embrace. Then, she heard a whirring and saw a vibrator in Barbara’s other hand. She’d brought it with her. She cooed with pleasure. 

Barbara placed the whirring vibrator onto Janine’s breast. The rapid sensations rained down on Janine’s breasts as Barbara moved it in ever tightening circles towards Janine’s already erect nipples. 

“Ooohh, yeah. It feels good.”

The vibrations easily penetrated her tank top and since she had no bra on she got the full force of the stimulation on her nipples. Her nipples ached with pleasure. 

“Please don’t stop.” 

Barbara smiled. She had no intention of stopping. She stimulated each of Janine’s breasts and nipples the same way with the vibrator. Janine was breathing rapidly. It felt good. Barbara guided the vibrator down Janine’s belly to her love nest. Janine legs were up and apart. She was in shorts and had on silky panties underneath. Barbara could see the colored fabric of Janine’s panties through the thin white material of her shorts. 

Janine sighed, relaxing for a moment. Within her, sexual anticipation built. Her pussy was wet. She’d waited for this day to come. She couldn’t ‘t wait for Barbara to touch her down there. Barbara placed her hand over Janine’s wet pussy and pressed firmly into her. Janine ground herself into Barbara’s hand wantonly and stared determinedly into her eyes. She didn’t care she just wanted to feel good. Her hips bucked with rhythmic thrusts. 

“Oh!, Oh!, Oh!” she cried with urgency wanting to cum.

Barbara’s hand moved away. Janine felt ecstasy slipping away, pleasure ebbing. It was replaced by raging desire and helplessness when Barbara’s hand moved away. 
