 Dating can be a curious business for those over a certain age, that age being 50. After long term relationships are over, especially marriage, there is an urge to explore, to catch up on things missed, to indulge in things not available in the midst of an exclusive relationship.

When Barbara separated from her husband of decades, she had opportunities. That meant allowing herself to discover some passions. While her work and living situations weren't the best, she found a much younger man attracted to her and she loved it. Off and on, for a year, Barbara enjoyed this man for help at her business and for help with her sex drive. But it was too complicated because her business partner, a borderline personality type woman, was too envious of Barbara and basically drove the young man away.

Barbara had her own emotional issues, much of them tied to a time in her life when she was very overweight. During her marriage, she had decided to completely remake her body through diet, exercise, and the knife. It basically worked so that she emerged with a very feminine and alluring figure. It helped that she didn't have any children. It also helped that her business was thriving and she had time and money.

Her husband had made a choice to chase other women. When they visited the upscale nudist resort of which they were long-time members, he embarrassingly and drunkenly chased women while Barbara was left alone to subtly oogle the younger men that she never thought would be attracted to her. While not many to gaze upon, there were enough muscle-bound fellows to which Barbara mercilessly fantasized about. The fantasies were lurid and fiercely sexual. She wanted to be taken, dominated, and left panting and spent. She particularly fantasized about young men with bulky and built up muscles. Muscle Boys, she called them.

Through events related to the divorce process, Barbara found herself in south Florida living with her difficult business partner and her business partner's husband. The arrangement worked, after a fashion. As her business brought her around the country to various historical shows and festivals, she wasn't cooped up in the house. If Barbara wasn't traveling, she sent her business partner out to sell the merchandise. If all three were in the house, Barbara kept to herself in her own room so she responded to messages from her online dating profiles.

Those messages were many. One of Barbara's photos featured her wearing a tight cat suit costume. She had scads of costumes and sundry accessories. She liked events where she could both sell her custom jewelry and show off her newish figure. The cat suit did just that. Virtually all of the men mentioned that one photo and ignored the rest. After a few months of that, Barbara felt it tiresome. As she was actively seeking a cub for her cougardom, she did respond to messages from young men. Yet the few dates she arranged with younger men were oddly unsatisfying. Sure, such young men were capable of enthusiastic sex and Barbara found it fun. But still...

The other men she dated were definitely her age or above. She enjoyed their companionship but didn't like the fact that some were pushing 70 and had health issues. Such men made her feel too old and less vibrant sexually. Barbara was persistent. She did enjoy meeting new men. It was good for her feminine ego. It was also a chance for her to get out of the house and away from her business partner.

With so many incoming messages commenting on her cat suit costume in her online dating profile, it was a message that mentioned another of her photos that got her attention. The man who sent it had a rather goofy photo of him wearing a metal colander his head. His message included a comment on her rather creative headdress in one of her profile photos. His online profile words were well written. He was basically bald, middle age, and clearly not fat. He listed 5'11" as his height but Barbara knew that most men added at least an inch to their actual height. Regardless, if he was over 5'8" - her own height - he might be interesting for a date. Like her, he didn't have any children. She responded to his message.

His name was Justin and they were soon dating. It was a low velocity dating relationship. He worked a standard white collar, 9-to-5 job in Boca Raton and with Barbara's festival and show schedule, they didn't have much time together. Still, they saw each other when they could and soon established a comfortable and easy rapport after two or three months. They didn't live too far from each other when she was in town so dates and sleepovers were easy to arrange.

If discretion is the better part of valor, Barbara and Justin were well beyond valor and into military secret levels of discretion. Neither asked too many questions about their respective pasts, sexual or otherwise. Only cautiously did they reveal small parts of themselves and their histories. Based on hints and statements, Barbara learned that Justin once went to the same upscale nudist resort in central Florida where she and her husband were once members. She didn't ask for more details and he only said that he went with his last ex-wife and another couple for a weekend.

She did reveal that she enjoyed attending fetish events so she could show off her amazingly creative costumes but not necessarily indulge in any BDSM activities. Justin understood Barbara's need for attention and indulged her desire to attend those public fetish parties. She dressed in sexy and outrageous costumes and gave Justin some interesting outfits to wear.

They attended one large fetish party that advertised itself as "extreme" where public displays of sexuality were allowed, unlike the other fetish parties they attended. To their mutual disappointment, there was little action to observe. When she told Justin of her disappointment, he thought that this was a way of indirectly telling him that she probably has some voyeuristic tendencies with hopes that he would have a plan. But she was indulging him more than her preferences.

Justin did have a plan. He suggested going to an on-premise swingers club in Fort Lauderdale. It was a night when they were chatting online. When Barbara saw the text "we should go to a swingers club if we want to see more," she was not particularly surprised. Justin had described a previous job as the editor of an adult magazine and that involved doing research on adult activities in the city where he worked. He knew all about the fetish community, BDSM, and swinging.

By this time, Barbara had moved an hour and a half north of Fort Lauderdale so they chatted online quite a bit along with the occasional phone call. The distance between was not a big issue because she frequently drove down to stay with Justin and deal with her business inventory still in storage close to his apartment. While online, Barbara found an appropriate cocktail dress to wear and also some crotchless pantyhose. Justin ordered them online for her.

They made plans for a Saturday night a couple of weeks later when she wasn't working a fair. Like any couple in a dating situation, they communicated frequently and despite the distance, each felt a nice, secure warmth knowing they were together but not connected at the hip. On the scheduled Saturday, Barbara smiled when she knocked on the door. Justin's dog started barking loudly.

"Rex, get away from the door," she heard Justin shout. He opened the door and she stepped into his apartment. They kissed, the small dog trying to jump on her. Barbara was well pleased to be there. She had brought lots of stuff including some home-made food. After getting sorted and then relaxing with some wine, Justin got the dress for her to try on. It was a bit of a gamble ordering such a dress online. Right in the living room - the blinds were closed - she stripped down to her thong and pulled the dress down. The back was too low for a bra and the front was loose so that her ample breasts were covered only with the black fabric.

"We were lucky," she told Justin as she adjusted the front.

"It's very short, I like that," he replied and then got behind her to put his arms around her. He kissed her neck and put his hands under the front of the dress to hold and lightly caress her breasts for a few moments. It was a tender, if brief, moment and Barbara enjoyed it. She wasn't the type to express her emotions nor was Justin. They showed it in their actions. Barbara took off the dress and changed into something comfortable while Justin hung the dress in his bedroom closet.

After sipping some wine and eating some of Barbara's excellent food along with an hour or so of catching up, it was time to get ready for the evening. Barbara went to the bathroom to tend to her incredibly thick red hair. Justin took the dog outside for her evening emptying. When he returned, Barbara was ready to put on her dress and hose.

Knowing the nature of pantyhose, Justin bought three pairs. Barbara was pleasantly surprised at his thoughtfulness. With the dress back on, she opened the cellophane containing the hose and then put them carefully. The open crotch framed her red thong that covered her shaved pubic area. With the dress on, Barbara looked at herself in the full length mirror.

"If I bend over, I'll be flashing," she remarked lightly. She didn't really care if that happened, it was simply an observation.

"I'll let you know if your dress rides up too much. But if you don't pull it down, I won't mind," he replied. Barbara smiled at him.

As Justin changed into club clothes, Barbara tended to her makeup. As the fiercely red lipstick went on, she was pleased with herself. Being so comfortable with Justin, she wasn't nervous at all. She didn't tell him that many years ago she went to a swinger club in Pennsylvania with her ex-husband. She decided to tell that to Justin at another time but wouldn't include any details. She knew that Justin wouldn't pry for additional details when he found out.

The whole evening can be described as "meh". There weren't enough people there and they saw little in the way of sexual action. There was bit of oral sex on a clothed guy on a corner sofa from a woman kneeling on the floor. There was a bit of flashing from the two or three women dancing. Barbara had made a fine cocktail mix - the club was BYOB - and they sipped their drinks while they watched. Barbara At some point most of the couples had migrated to the back bar which had adjoining rooms for sexual play. While Barbara and Justin stood at the bar to drink and make idle chit chat with a couple of the other club goers. But it was clear that they wouldn't be seeing anything.

So, they mutually agreed to end the evening and head back to Justin's place. They were only mildly disappointed, overall. Barbara was pretty drunk at this point and she had the opportunity to have some eyes on her alluring look. She knew Justin enjoyed having her in his arms several times during the course of the evening. Once home they pretty much passed out in Justin's comfortable bed, both naked with legs touching.

A week later when Barbara was home and chatting with Justin online, they discussed future plans based on Barbara's challenging travel schedule. There was a long weekend approaching and she was free. She wasn't surprised when he suggested visiting another swingers club in Fort Lauderdale. This time, they would be visiting the biggest and most popular club of that type in Broward County.

She didn't ask him how he knew about it and he didn't volunteer any information about how he knew. What concerned her was the rule that street clothes were not allowed in the back rooms where all the sexual fun happens. That meant nudity or wearing only towels wrapped around the waist. Barbara still had some body image concerns and she was not happy that the parts of her not sculpted by exercise or surgery would be visible. Regardless, she agreed to go.

When the weekend finally arrived, Barbara drove down to Fort Lauderdale that Saturday. It was going to be a busy weekend. Saturday was the swingers club and Sunday was another extreme fetish party. She had brought an elaborate costume for Sunday. Saturday was much easier because she would wear the same dress and hose she had worn previously at the other swingers club several weeks previously.

They dressed quickly. Barbara went with a fancy thong that included a vertical line of faux-pearls which almost disappeared between her labia and mildly stimulated her clit. With the crotchless panty hose on, Justin was very appreciative of the look but with a caveat. "It's too bad that it was covered by the dress," he told her.

In order to avoid driving under the influence, they took a cab. They arrived at around 10:30 in the evening, just before most of the other club patrons would arrive. As it was a Saturday, only couples were admitted. They filled out the membership and went inside. It was clear that Justin had been there before. Barbara silently wondered how many times because he knew so much about the place.

They got their drinks (again, BYOB) and slowly walked about the front of the club, looking at couples dancing and socializing. Barbara was pleased that the front of the club was just like a regular night club with a sunken dance floor, two bars, and even a buffet with good food. She noted that there were no real outward indication that the establishment was an on-premise swingers club. Sure, some of the women dancing were wearing revealing clothes and dancing extremely suggestively but there was no obvious sexual play going on.

As they walked around, Barbara made a point to take Justin's arm. She liked the feeling that she was with a man who made her comfortable and protected. She subtly checked out the men in the club. She noticed only one or two who could be considered muscle boys. The rest looked fairly good and there were a fair number of Latinos. She couldn't tell if Justin was checking out the women. She assumed he was and that didn't bother her at all. The pearls on her thong that were gently massaging a very sensitive spot was a constant yet subtle reminder of her sexuality.

After at least an hour or so wandering, watching, drinking, and eating Barbara felt Justin gently steer her towards the locker room. He had gotten a locker for her purse and his keys when they first entered the club so it was a simple matter of getting the attendant to open their assigned locker.

There were a number of people already getting undressed and sorted out before going to the back. Justin and Barbara took off their clothes and wrapped the large, white towels around their respective waists. There was neither awkwardness nor nervousness. Barbara had no problem with exposing herself naked above the waist but was thinking how a fetish-oriented outfit would make her feel more comfortable.

They went through the large double doors and were immediately greeted with the sounds of a woman in the throes of orgasm. She was not immediately visible because she was on a platform abutting a wall behind a barely see-through drapery. It was obvious, however, given the shrieks and moans of the woman. Barbara and Justin found seats at the bar and the pretty, young bartender served them their drinks whose bottles had been retrieved from the front bar.

Justin took Barbara around the bar to where couples and more were being sexual. They took in quite the sites and sounds of sex. Mostly, the orgiasts were coupled up with just a few threesomes and moresomes in sight. Barbara noted some closed doors and assumed those were the private rooms. Justin noted that her drink needed refilling and took care of it, leaving Barbara to find a seat and watch on her own. It was interesting to her but not really sexually exciting. When Justin found her, he gave her the drink and sat next to her. There was no one immediately around so they could talk a bit.

"See anything good?" Justin asked after he sipped his drink.

"I don't see a lot of actual swinging but just before you got here, a guy was leaning on the pillar and a woman walked up, got on her knees, and started sucking his cock. I don't think she knew him," Barbara told.

"It's hard to say. Maybe she did, maybe she didn't," he replied.

"It was certainly entertaining." Barbara didn't seem fazed at all.

They looked around and realized they couldn't see anything. Barbara was somewhat disappointed that no muscle boys were to be found in view. She would have liked to have seen at least one. Justin stood up first and Barbara stood immediately after.

"Let's take another walk. Here, take my arm."

Barbara took his arm and he led them for a slow walk around the back room of the swinger club which actually took them behind the bar. All of the sofas and platform areas were occupied. There was every variety of sex to see and it was all up close and very personal. Barbara did see a couple of buff young men but they all were too busy fucking young women to notice Barbara giving them an appreciative eye. She did wink at a guy sitting back on his hands while a shapely brunette was stroking his very erect cock. The guy smiled invitingly back at Barbara. That was a good thing for her and it lifted her spirits even more.

Walking slowly and seeing all the activity, the two lovers found themselves at another part of the back rooms where a type of sturdy swing was the primary feature. There were several naked people surrounding it with a woman in a type of suspended hammock like seat. Though Barbara and Justin couldn't quite see what was going on, a very vocal woman in the swing was clearly cumming. Barbara noted that Justin was almost blasé about the scene. She concluded that he had clearly seen it before. He steered her back towards the bar. They sat down on the last two available bar stools.

"That swing thing was interesting," noted Barbara brightly after she got a drink. She was beginning to enjoy herself. Justin's comfortable presence and the smile from the muscle boy made things fun now.

"I've actually never seen one like that before," Justin replied. "I'm only familiar with the type that is suspended from the ceiling."

"Familiar with?" chided Barbara. They had an unspoken agreement where neither would ask each other too many questions about their respective sexual histories. Barbara suspected that Justin had many and varied sexual adventures but she didn't want to ask because he might then ask about her past. This time, her interest exceeded her restraint.

Justin was prudent with his response. "I've seen them in catalogs." Barbara was disappointed in his response. They were at a swinger club surrounded by the sights and sounds of wild and hedonistic things sexual. Barbara was topless as the towel was only around her waist. She was hoping that the scene might inspire Justin to reveal more about his past. Justin simply reached over, parted Barbara's towel and laid his hand on her warm upper thigh.

Justin and Barbara talked about a lot of things, mostly trivialities about work and people they knew. Justin also flirted a bit with the cute, young bartender who was wearing a tight-fitting corset that highlighted and covered her breasts.

Barbara thought about her own corsets and her next outfit for when they returned to the club. The drinks were doing a fine job in relaxing them both. Justin continued to stroke her thigh. It was a gesture of comfort without expectation. They shared a mutually deep fondness for each other. It was a nice combination of feeling comfortable with the option of being sexual or not.

They got their latest drinks and Justin took Barbara by the hand. "Let's go find a place to relax." She went along. Around the corner was one of the many over-sized sofas. It was empty. They sat down. Right in front was a platform where two couples were fucking, each in a doggie style position. Barbara only glanced occasionally at the guy's butts pushing into their respective sexual partners.
