 Predictably, the lock made a discernible clunk as our scarlet front door creaked open. It was a familiar sound. A sound which represented the repetitive mundanity of my life; the routine of stagnant boredom. Same old work, same old dinners, same old house - the same old sex. 

That's not to say the sex was bad. My wife, Niamh, was a total knockout. She turned heads if she walked into any room with her dazzling blend of Italian and Irish blood. She was fairly tall, around 5 foot 8 inches; her long, velvet legs connecting to her wide yet slim hips, sloping up to a tiny 24-inch waist before intensely ballooning again over her perfect and full 32D breasts.

Her exquisite body was nothing compared to her long dark and curly hair, Italian olive complexion; violently contrasted with her emerald green eyes. It those green eyes which made my body quiver. They could both melt my soul and bring me to climax as she looked pleadingly up as her lips glided gently over the shaft and head of my rigid cock. 

The sex however after ten years, had become as predictable as every other element in my life. We met when we were eighteen, at university. Now at twenty-eight, her maturity peaking in her tight, perfect, womanly physique, I needed more than mixing up the positions. I needed something as dangerous and exciting as the first time we fucked in the back row of a cinema. 

Yeah, right. That was never going to happen. How do you tell the most perfect woman the sex isn't perfect? 

As I went through the usual habits - putting keys on the side, hanging up my coat, taking off my tie - something broke the routine. As I turned towards the kitchen, Niamh was leaning against the dining room door's frame, in a tight electric blue dress which clung to her perfect hourglass frame. Instantly I felt the blood flow from my head, and travel south. My cock began to instantly swell. 

She didn't say a word. She just stood there, staring intensely at me with those piercing green jewels, her chest rising and falling at a fairly fast pace. I started walking towards her, feeling my trousers stretch under the pressure of my engorging dick.  

My lips attached to hers like a magnet. Those lips, which intoxicated and paralysed my body, began working their way down my neck as she simultaneously unbuttoned my shirt revealing my toned, but not overly muscular body. She loved my broad shoulders and chest, and soon felt her hands running over them. She took one my hand and looked deep into my eyes as I ran the other between her legs. I could read the excitement in the deep green - what was it? What had brought this on? 

Still not saying a word, she led me up the stairs towards our bedroom. "Back to predictability ..." I thought. I had a fetish for edgier sex. Something dangerous, controlling and exciting. But the testosterone flowing through my veins demanded sexual satisfaction immediately. What happened next was quite simply, completely unpredictable. 

Our bed was usually covered in a variety of cushions (pointlessly, I believed). But only one thing adorned the bed this time. A woman. A woman, graced by a sheer black bra trimmed with lace and matching French knickers, bound to the bed posts with black rope. Stunned, I turned to Niamh - who silently still - handed me a folded piece of paper. I opened it up and revealed the treasures underneath. In beautiful sloped script it read: 

"I, Lisa Decroix, give Niamh Cipriani and her partner, full permission to dominate me sexually in any way they please. I have one safe word when I want you to stop: Abandon"

Hands trembling, I cast my eyes over what I could now only describe now as my submissive slave. I looked at Niamh, who was smiling and had shed her dress while I read and re-read this glorious document. She was wearing the same underwear as Lisa. 

"She is deaf and blind to the world. The only senses she has now is her touch and smell". She whispers in her semi-Italian accent, as she placed her lips by my ear. I looked at Lisa. She was indeed deaf and blind to the world, blindfolded in a silk blindfold with headphones blocking Niamh's exotic accent and my heavy breathing. "I am also your slave tonight. Tell me what you want me to do". 

What do I want her to do?! This was the most erotic thing to happen to anyone, ever. I stood astride Lisa who was lying face up. She was more petite than Niamh, blonde too. But drop dead gorgeous. Her frame was toned, her breasts I judged to be a C-cup. Where she lacked voluptuousness in her body, she made up for in her lips. THE definition of "blowjob lips". Once I spotted those full, plump, lips I knew what to do. 

"Kiss her", I instructed Niamh, "slowly". 

Those green eyes flashed with the same excitement I saw earlier as she clambered on to the bed atop of Lisa, who now aware of the imminent fun, gasped and smiled before Niamh clamped her lips gently around hers. They both moaned in excitement. Although Lisa was deaf and blind to the world, she must've felt Niamh's soft face and full breasts against hers. 

I undressed and began to slowly run my hands over my cock, richly swollen with blood. It was so rigid, I was surprised I had blood anywhere else in my body! My cock was not huge by any means - around 6 and a half inches, a good thickness, but I am told it is a good shape with a slight curvature upwards and a defined head. Perfect for G-spots, I am told. 

As Niamh and Lisa's tongues wrestled, each kiss becoming more intense and violent, those emeralds meeting my eyes and adopting their pleading nature. Niamh broke momentarily to moan "fuck me while I warm up this slut" before she began biting Lisa's neck, causing her to whimper and moan in sheer pleasure.

I didn't need telling twice. I positioned myself behind her firm, round perfect arse and pulled down her knickers and run my fingers over her soaking cunt. She twitched and moaned and I spanked her arse. 

"You don't tell me what to do, you naughty bitch", I growled as I plunged my full length straight into Niamh's soaking, tight pussy and began to pump. It felt incredible, more incredible than I could ever remember. Clearly, it was for Niamh too as her moans became louder and louder. "Take off that slut's bra. And yours. You don't deserve them" I order. Niamh complied and fumbled to remove Lisa's bra. In one masterful stroke with a single hand, I snapped the clasp of Niamh's bra, before both were flung across the room. Their breasts touch, their erect nipples colliding as I try to stop myself ejaculating there and then. The most beautiful sight, but I give another instruction: 

"Put your hand in her pants and feel her pussy". Niamh obeyed. "Is it wet?" I ask, already knowing the answer. 

"Soaked". 

I pull out of Niamh's pussy, and bark "Go and sit on her face, and face me. I'm going to fuck her, while she licks that juice off of your cunt". 

An excited squeal emerges from Niamh's lips as you jump up and she lowers her perfect pussy, trimmed, but not fully shave, over Lisa's mouth. Lisa still had her headphones and blindfold on, and it takes her a second to understand what is happening. As she figures out what it is in front of her mouth, she whispers:

"Oh fuck yes Niamh. I've wanted to do this to you ever since I met you". 

"Me too" Niamh involuntary whispered back as she plunges her tongue deep into her cunt. Those green pools close, then open, staring pleadingly into mine. 

As Lisa's legs were bound, I had to tear off her sheer French knickers, which seemed to excite her. Unlike Niamh, her pussy was completely bald, but I could see a slither of moisture running between her arse cheeks, dampening the sheets. She was dripping with excitement. I prepare to enter, but feel a pang of guilt about fucking another woman. I look at Niamh who smiles and utters

"Do it. I want to watch you fuck Lisa". With that I grabbed Lisa's petite frame, one hand on a perky breast and plunged as she let out a moan and squeal. 

"Oh fuck! Oh my God, yes." Lisa screams as I pump my cock in and out of her pussy. 

Niamh and I, facing one another, her sitting on Lisa's face, me fucking her pussy, stare intently at one another, briefly breaking as our eyes close in waves in pure joy. After a few minutes pumping, my hand grazes the holy document which started this whole affair. 

I re-read the particular permission given to me:

"... full permission to dominate me sexually in any way they please ..."

I look at Niamh and tell her to remove Lisa's headphones but keep the blindfold. She reaches towards the beautiful blonde head between her legs and remove the headphones. Everything stops for a moment. 

"Lisa", I say "I am going to untie your legs and fuck you in the arse now". She gasps and whimpers. 

"No"

"That's not your safe word, Lisa". 

"... no". She smiles. Niamh smiles. I smile. 

I release her black bonds from her ankles, and pull her legs and lower body up towards me. I instructed Niamh to bend down, and instructed her to suck my cock. She complied, masterfully doing her trick of gazing those green eyes up at me while she did so. I pushed her head down to Lisa's clitoris, which she greedily slurps. I readied my cock. 

"Do you want it Lisa?" 

"... yes. Fuck me in the arse, master"

I eased my cock into the ring. My god, it was tight. I felt it close over ridges of the head of my cock, and the open up again as my shaft widened towards the base. I heard Lisa cry in a mixture of pleasure and pain, but no screams of "no" or "abandon". I begin to slide backwards and forwards while I watch Niamh and Lisa's bodies quiver with excitement. We aren't far from climax; you can smell it in the air, which is also thick with our moans and groans. 

I begin to feel the rush in my loins and my cock twitch. Lisa must've felt it too as she screamed,

"Cum inside. Don't you dare pull out. I'm going to come".

"Me too" whispered Niamh. 

The simultaneous shudders of Niamh, Lisa and I could've triggered an earthquake. The most violent of tremors as each of us exploded in pure sexual bliss. My loins crackled, spun and gushed into Lisa behind. We all ground to a slow stop, panting, smiling.  

I withdrew from Lisa, grabbed Niamh's face and kiss her. "Thank you. That was quite simply incredible". 

"I know. Thank Lisa too" you say with a wry smile. 

I lean into Lisa, remove her blindfold and kiss her too. "Thank you, Lisa". 

She stared into my eyes with her blue ones. Piercing, but not in the same way as Niamh's. "We're not done here, master. You've got me all evening ..."