 It was a normal Saturday in June. I had just returned from the joys of supermarket shopping and was laden down with bags and trying to open my front door when my cell phone rang out. Cursing I managed to free the sticking door lock and simultaneously opened the door put down the shopping and answered my phone.

"Hi!" I answered.

"Hey, how are you?" said Tom, "You sound really pissed off!"

"Oh, I'm OK" I answered. "I have just had a call from one of the guys saying that we won't be going out on the bikes this afternoon. I was really looking forward to going up to the lakes and camping out tonight. I guess I can catch up on some domestic stuff instead now."

"Sorry to hear that," he replied "do you fancy meeting up for a beer instead then?"

"OK, cool. What time & where?" I asked.

We arranged to meet up at a bar near Tom's apartment which was convenient to the town centre later on that day, I could then make the choice of stopping over or coming home as the mood decided.

I set about the rest of my domestic duties for the day – these were easy enough for a single guy, washing, a bit of cleaning and washing the car. Around five I went in and took a shower, before throwing on some jeans and a t-shirt and ordering a taxi into town.

Tom and I met up in a bar that we both liked and sat back with a refreshing beer. It was good to catch up again as we really hadn't seen much of each-other for quite a while. Tom had been dating Jenny for quite some time now and since I had split from Angie, we tended to move in different circles. We chatted about the usual stuff, work, cars & bikes and soon got back into the playful banter we had shared between us for years. We had knocked about together as youngsters and shared many experiences together, meeting girls together and even providing advice and support during the more difficult times we had.

After a couple of beers and a game of pool Tom suggested that we make a move back to his apartment. Jenny was out with one of her girlfriends and he had promised to get a meal on the table for the both of them once they had returned from their shopping trip.

It was a short walk to his apartment, and conveniently we passed by a small store on the way so we could get a few last minute extras. The sun was slowly setting but the heat was still there so we decided to light the barbeque and enjoy the summers evening. Shortly after we had put the meat on the grill we heard the girls coming in. I stayed out in the yard whilst Tom greeted Jenny. Shortly after that Sophie walked through to the yard. 

"Hi!" I said, "I'm Jack, one of Tom's friends."

"Hello." She said shyly "I'm Sophie, I work with Jenny, and I think they're a bit busy in there!"

Tom and Jenny were a very sexual couple and would quite often 'slip away'. It had become a standing joke between friends that if they were not seen together for more than a couple of minutes, they would soon be 'heard' together. Sure enough within a few minutes we both heard Jenny and Tom climaxing, somewhere in the apartment.

Embarrassed, I got Sophie a drink and awkwardly tried to start a conversation with her. As we chatted we both relaxed and although I was keeping an eye on the chicken and ribs on the barbeque, I also had time to admire her. She was much younger than me; I would say about 25, and about 5'4" tall with shoulder length brunette hair. She was wearing a simple yellow cotton summer dress with a white blouse over the top. She was fairly trim, but not skinny, with a healthy complexion and an infectious smile. It transpired that she hadn't been working for long at the same company as Jenny and in fact had moved some distance after graduating at University to get the job. As such she was still getting herself settled.

Tom and Jenny appeared looking a little dishevelled and flushed. Jenny immediately trotted up to me and flung her arms around me. "Hey! Tom never said you were here, honey!" Jenny was a vivacious woman who loved to be the centre of attention. She always greeted me with a hug and a kiss, whether we had last seen each other 6 months ago or just the previous evening. 

"I see you've already met Sophie." she said with a devilish look in her eye.

Stammering, I said yes, and quickly changed the line of conversation. 

"Looking forward to your holiday?" I asked.

Jenny smiled and explained to both Sophie and me that they were planning a trip of a lifetime to South America later that summer.

We soon got to sit down with our meal and chatted amongst ourselves easily. Jenny as usual could hardly keep her hands off Tom. Touching his thigh and brushing herself against him every time she left the table to refill our wineglasses. Tom looked at me with his wry smile, and I knew that they would 'disappear' shortly, so I turned my conversation to Sophie. Sure enough Jenny & Tom melted away, not that we noticed as we had become engrossed in a conversation about whether the new pop bands of the day would ever be as good as the ones that I remembered from my youth and Sophie considered as Legendary acts. We heard them making love again, and although we were slightly embarrassed I explained to Sophie that this was part of the way that they were. She smiled and said that it was nice to see a couple so much into each other. We settled back with our drinks and started to joke about the noises that were coming out of the apartment. Although it is an old joke, Sophie laughed as I parodied Michael J Fox with a can of beer as Jenny climaxed once again.

Sophie then looked at me and said "Doesn't it get you horny listening to them? I know that it is beginning to turn me on." I laughed, and with that she came and sat next to me. "I'm sorry." She said. "I shouldn't have mentioned it. You must think I am a terrible flirt. Please don't tell your wife.

"That's OK." I replied "I'm divorced, and to be quite honest I was thinking the same but I would expect you wouldn't want a dirty old man like me lusting about, when you could find a nice man more your age to have fun with."

"Actually I prefer an older man," she replied "they know how to please a woman better..."

With that she got up and walked into the apartment, dropping her blouse as she went. I followed her in to the lounge where she turned and placed her arms around my neck. We kissed, gently at first, then with more passion. She ran her hands down my back until they reached my belt, then I could feel her rubbing against my groin as she pulled me into her. Her toned, soft skin was a delight to feel. She started to lift my t-shirt, so I raised my arms so that she could remove it completely. Jenny and Tom were still in the throes of passion elsewhere in the apartment, so we felt comfortable that we would not be disturbed. I unfastened the zip at the back of Sophie's dress and let it fall to the floor. She stood there for a while allowing my eyes to take in every curve of her beautiful body. Her underwear was pretty but not what I would call skimpy lingerie, just everyday pretty and practical. I moved towards her and kissed her again. As I held her close, I said to her "If at any time you want to stop, that's fine with me, just say ..."

In a low husky voice she said to me, "I'm not stopping you, I want you" I reached behind her and unfastened her bra, again letting it drop to the floor, her breasts were small but full with her nipples already becoming erect in the building excitement. I ran my hands over them bending down slightly to take one in my mouth and started to gently suck on her. Meanwhile my hands slid down her torso until I found the elastic of her panties. I gently slid them down also and she stepped out of them. She sighed as my tongue flicked across her ever hardening nipple. Her soft breast was pushed firmly into my face; she obviously liked the sensation and wanted more. I felt her arms around me, running down my sides. She found the belt buckle of my jeans and unfastened it. Then she undid the button flies and with one swift movement pulled my jeans and boxers down. My jeans were around my ankles and she was now crouching before me, face to face with my erect cock.

"Mmm." She cooed. A delicate hand encircled my engorged shaft, and her slender fingers gently grasped my firm cock. She slid her hand up and down me briefly before leaning forward and taking the tip of my penis into her mouth. The warmth of her mouth encasing my glans was incredible. My cock twitched several times as it was adjusting to its new environment. She bobbed her head up and down part of the length several times, moistening the skin and gently sucking. My balls were ready to explode. I pulled back and mumbled something about not wanting to cum yet; she smiled, and started to kiss her way up my belly & chest. With her mouth eventually next to my ear, she whispered "Did you like that?", then she flicked her wet tongue in my ear.

We kissed some more and I explored her firm youthful body first with my hands and then by kissing and licking her. Slowly working my way down from her neck, over her firm breasts and down her tummy, until reaching her pussy, I could already see traces of moisture seeping out of her. She was wet for me. I gently slid a finger between her lightly trimmed pussy lips into the warmth within; as I did so she instinctively pushed her hips to take more of it. I could feel her aroused clitoris and reached in to massage the love button for her. She sighed and succumbed to my firm touch as I rubbed and massaged her.

I gently pushed her backwards so that she could sit on the sofa, as she did so Sophie parted her legs and rested her feet on my shoulders; I was now face to face with her beautiful wet pussy, so I leant in towards her and pushed my tongue between her lips where my finger already was. The sweetness of her was intoxicating. I withdrew my finger for a while and started to lap insider her, reaching as far in as I could and trying to give attention to her aroused clitoris as much as I could. She responded by gently gyrating her hips. I could also hear her breathing becoming louder and stronger. She was responding to my rhythm. Every now and again I could hear her murmur lightly with delight. My cock was now getting really hard. I could feel tightness about its girth telling me that I would need to do something soon. So I withdrew my tongue and stood up. "What are you doing?" she said.

"I'm just getting a condom." I replied. "Don't worry, I'm on the pill and I can assure you I'm safe." she panted, "Fuck me, please."

I knelt before her and slid my aching cock inside her. I had never experienced an entry like it before. She was absolutely sopping wet but the muscles of her vagina were tight. It was the feeling of substantial resistance followed by a quickness of entry into the warm wetness of her that almost put me over the edge before I got started. I waited a second or so and then started to rhythmically pump my hips toward her. She wrapped her ankles around the base of my spine and held onto my forearms. As we moved together her breathing became ragged and harsh as she panted for me. We could hear the occasional liquid noise as our bodies started to gyrate together. She moaned with pleasure and I could also hear Tom & Jenny somewhere in the background. I became more breathless as my efforts increased. Then I could not hold on any more. I grunted and clenched to try and prevent my cum from escaping, but the forces were too great. My seed erupted into her, and as it did do I gasped with pleasure. Sophie also cried out at almost the same time as my juices and hers became mixed within her sanctuary. Sweat from my brow ran down my face and I could see beads of perspiration forming on her also. Her skin was flushed around her neck and the top of her breasts. She smiled. My cock was beginning to soften so I slowly pulled out from her. "Ohh!" she said "that feels so nice." I turned and sat next to her on the couch. We caressed each other lightly. Then I became aware that it was quiet. We looked alarmed at each other as we heard footsteps. Jenny walked into the lounge fully dressed, but obviously ruffled after a good sex session. "Oh!" she remarked. "Sorry to interrupt!"

We all smiled to hide our embarrassment. Jenny stood stock still staring at us. "Sophie, did you manage to take all of that?" she jokingly remarked at my rapidly deflating penis. Then she turned her attention to Sophie. "You gave a great body sweetheart."

"Thanks." Sophie replied.

Jenny sat beside Sophie and brushed a wisp of hair from Sophie's brow. Her hand lingered and then gently descended to her smooth firm shoulder. It seemed the most natural and caring thing. She caressed her breasts, gently feeling their firmness & weight. And then with a glance to confirm approval she kissed the firm pink nipple that stood erect before her. Sophie responded by reaching gently to Jenny and pulling her head into her bosom. I could hear jenny sucking that firm flesh, and decided to even up the event by sucking on the delicate nipple that was by my side. Sophie gasped as she began to enjoy more pleasure.

We kissed and caressed for a while, the three of us. Our hands touching, and brushing against Sophie's firm body. She was still quite warm from our previous intercourse, and as we started to arouse her again she began to gently moan. At that point Tom walked into the room. My cock was semi hard again and Jenny was beginning to massage it for me as I was kissing Sophie's young breast. Tom looked at the three of us and smiled. He unfastened his trousers and knelt down with us. His firm strong hands caressed me and then worked over towards Sophie. Jenny sat up and shrugged her dress off. Then she pulled Toms t-shirt off. The four of us were all now totally naked.

We were kissing each other, sometimes boy to girl, sometimes girl to girl and sometimes boy to boy, all were interlinked and delightful. I could feel the hardness of Tom next to me s he leant over me to kiss Jenny and caress Sophie, then he moved so that I could straighten out and squeeze Jenny's full soft round breasts. Tom and Sophie became intertwined and I moved across to Jenny. She kissed me and then pushed me back so that she could bend down and take my semi hard cock into her mouth. She sucked my dick hard as though it was the last one on earth. It felt like she was almost desperately trying to make me cum as quickly as possible. It hurt a bit as she roughly pounded her mouth down the length of my recovering penis, but nothing was preventing me from coming erect. My head was on the floor under Tom's thrusting hips as Sophie straddled his cock. Tom's balls occasionally brushed my face as he trusted his long fat cock inside the young girl's expectant pussy. I reached up and pulled his hips down to me so that I could lick his shaft as it entered and exited her haven. Their mixed juices were an intoxicating cocktail. His balls slapped against my cheek as he pounded away. Sophie bucked her hips in unison with his pumping. Then he came. He grunted and his balls twitched as the seamen pumped from his sack into her wet pussy. I could see the whole beautiful process right in front of me. As he withdrew I licked the surplus cum from her damp pussy, then I turned my attention to him. 

I sat up bolt upright. Jenny was still sucking my cock for all its worth Tom was standing before me with his semi hard cock right in front of me. He was watching Jenny bob up and down my shaft. I leant forward and took his slightly sticky cock into my mouth. I could taste the combination of Sophie's and his juices on his warm soft shaft. I enclosed the tip of him with my mouth and slowly sucked him into me. My tongue licked around his warmth and guided me down his length. Then I released my suction and pulled back. He groaned. I repeated the exercise slowly and tried to swallow as much of his gorgeous cock as possible. Each time I withdrew his cock became a little firmer. 

Sophie now had rolled to the floor and was sucking Jenny's breasts like a hungry child. One hand was squeezing Jenny's free breast and the other was firmly planted between Sophie thighs, working her clitoris to get the maximum pleasure she could. Tom started to rock gently as his cock became hard again. "I love it when you do this mate." he said. I looked up into his eyes and winked. My cock was beginning to throb now from Jenny's attention. 

Jenny pulled away from me. "He's all yours." she said, also looking at Tom. We all briefly disengaged for each other, then Jenny and Sophie laid beside each other head to tail, meanwhile Tom and I did the same. Tom and I took each other's cocks into our mouths and started licking and sucking each other. Every now and again there was a muffled grunt as a particularly pleasurable touch was given.

Sophie and Jenny also sixty-nined. Each of the girls were licking touching and tasting their love juices, until one by one we released our selves. Toms cum flooded into my mouth, filling it with the warm slightly nutty flavour. Almost immediately, I relaxed and let my cum flow into his eager mouth, then in a final embrace, Tom kissed Jenny and I turned to kiss Sophie, swapping some of Toms cum with some of Jenny's juice along the way.

Our intertwined bodies lay there for a while. It was a great end to the day, so I decided I would sleep over.

I must have fallen asleep for a short while. I woke up to find that Tom and Jenny had gone to bed, leaving Sophie and me on the couch. The lights were dimmed but all seemed quiet. Sophie stirred next to me and snuggled closer to my body. I lay there for a while enjoying the sensation of her warm, smooth soft body next to mine. It had become dark outside. As the summer's air cooled I started to feel the chill so I decided that we should go to bed. Sophie was fast asleep, so I carefully manoeuvred myself to be able to gently pick her up and carry her into the spare bedroom. In the process I woke her up.

"Sorry!" I whispered. "I was trying to get you to bed."

She smiled at me. "You dirty old man!" she jokingly replied. "I'm not that sort of girl!" We giggled and padded off towards the spare room. Jenny always had the room prepared in-case a guest became stranded, so it was nice to slip in between the sheets, especially as I was sharing the bed with Sophie tonight. We cuddled for a while and drifted off to sleep again. I awoke about an hour later with an aching hard-on. Jenny was sleeping quietly next to me, but all I could think of was making love to the beautiful girl lying beside me. I rolled over towards her and caressed her, feeling the softness of her skin and the warmth of her body. She murmured a little and drifted off again. My hand caressed her breasts, feeling their softness and malleability, gently I started to massage her left nipple between my forefinger & thumb. I could feel the nipple rising erect as I did so. Sophie gave a sigh in her sleep. I gently moved so that I could suckle her breast. The feel of her hardened nipple in my mouth was exciting me. My tongue flicked over the raised bump as the flesh of her soft breast yielded to my touch. Sophie responded by bringing her arm over me to hold me in place. She sighed again. My licking and sucking became more positive, not rough but I was sure it was more than noticeable to her now. I moved across to give the right breast similar attention, her right arm now also moved across as if to hold me in place, then Sophie moved her arms so that her hands gently pressed on my shoulders, encouraging me to move down her body. I could still smell feint traces of our earlier activities, a soft musk of spent cum and pussy juices gently radiated from her youthful body. As I got closer to her hips, I could hear her start to breathe more heavily with the anticipation of what was to come next. Eventually I felt the soft hint of her pubic hair that was neatly trimmed around her beautiful soft and inviting pussy. As I used my tongue to explore the area, I tasted droplets of sweet moisture. I manoeuvred my hands so that I could gently part her labia with my thumbs. This allowed my tongue full access to the soft wet velvety delights within. Sophie gently cried out as I found my goal. I flicked my tongue gently across the highly sensitive bud, and felt her body shudder in response. The heady aroma and sweetness of her lubricating juices were an intoxicating cocktail, demanding more and more attention. I licked and lapped away, changing the rhythm from slow to fast and back to slow again, moving left & right. All the while, stimulating her, and feeling her hips rise and fall as she writhed above me. Sophie started to moan gently. "Mmm. Oh yes!" she said. "Don't stop, please don't stop now..."
