 Wasn't quite sure where to put this story as it involves MMF and also FFF so took the easy option of group. 

*****

"Come on C it will be fun," said Lorna to her best friend Christine, "and you need a laugh after your divorce." 

Christine sighed, it had been a tough year and it was horrible to think what had started as an amicable divorce from her husband of 10 years had turned into a bitter battle with some very nasty insults being thrown by both parties. 

"OK" said Christine, "let's go to Barcelona," and then a little more quietly, "but don't go taking this as an opportunity to try to get me to convert." 

Lorna giggled and stuck out her tongue, wiggling the stud which she claimed sent her female partners wild, as she said, "you never know you might enjoy it." 

The pair of them had been friends from school and grown up together sharing triumphs and disasters over the years. Christine had been there for Lorna when she came out to her parents as a lesbian and her father had shunned her as Lorna was there for Christine when she got married to Mark, even agreeing to be her bridesmaid. They had both joined Mulholland's, a huge consultancy firm, on leaving university and clawed their way slowly up the corporate ladder and stayed close friends. When Christine's marriage fell apart, Lorna helped her weather the storm and pick up the pieces of her life. 

At 35 both women had kept themselves in good condition, both taking full advantage of the firm's excellent fitness facilities on a daily basis. Christine was the taller of the pair standing 5"8" and a well defined 36-26-34 with short dark bobbed hair framing her face. Lorna was nearly 4 inches shorter with what she described as dirty blonde hair cut in a spiky bob. Sharing the same stats as Christine, Lorna, because of her shorter stature, had more of a curved figure. This was further accentuated by the fact she was a d cup compared to Christine's b, a fact she never failed to remind Christine of. 

Two weeks later after checking into British Airways club class for the Friday evening late flight, the two women clinked glasses and Lorna said, "here's to what happens in Barcelona stays in Barcelona." 

"I just want to relax and enjoy myself," Christine said, so relieved she had such a great friend in Lorna. 

"To see you smile would make it a great weekend," said Lorna as she outlined the arrangements she had made for the weekend. 

That evening was a quiet affair with room service and the pair settling into their room which although they were sharing gave them a queen sized bed each. The next day they toured Barcelona enjoying both the sights and the local cuisine before arriving back at the hotel to get ready for the evening. Christine was a little nervous about the club Lorna described as being 'non-gender judging' about people's sexuality which sounded like a 'free for all', but decided to go along for the ride, if for no other reason than to say thank you to Lorna for being there. 

The music in the club was pulsing and much to Christine's surprise it wasn't like the full blown lesbian clubs that Lorna had dragged her to in the past. Yes, there were female couples holding hands, but there was just as many male couples doing the same and added to that mix were heterosexual couples and mixed groups that had yet to declare their leanings. Christine relaxed for the first time in months and found herself dancing with various people over the evening. After one hot dance Christine leant forward to Lorna and said in her ear, "this guy is pretty hot, I think I might have scored." 

She was taken aback when Lorna roared with laughter as she replied, "think your gaydar is broken, that's his partner over there," indicating with her head to an older guy who had been watching with interest rather than concern. 

Christine had consumed a fair amount of alcohol when suddenly she felt like she had been mentally hit with a club as the most hunkiest guy she had seen outside of a movie stood next to her and spoke, his English accentuated with a strong Spanish accent, "may I have the pleasure of a dance." 

As they danced Christine loved the way he moved, his hips gyrated to the beat and his muscled torso rippled under his white shirt. Christine could feel herself drooling as she took in his looks, he was easily over 6 foot with very little fat, his skin olive coloured, his eyes like deep pools of liquid emeralds, and his black hair cut short around the designer stubble on his face. By the size of the bulge in his tight black jeans he was well hung and Christine could feel herself getting damp. 

"My name by the way is Raoul and may I buy you a drink?" he said as the dance finished. 

"Christine," Christine replied, "though my friends call me C and I will have a tonic water please, I think I have drunk to much already. I will be back in a moment, just need the ladies room." 

Entering the ladies room Christine almost walked into a couple of women who were locked at the mouth and had their hands inside each other's clothing. They broke apart as Christine entered and seeing one was Lorna blurted out, "I think I am in love, well lust certainly," 

"I know I am in lust," said Lorna as she squeezed the breast of the woman next to her, "and was going to ask you could we have the room for an hour or two while Sally and I get to know each other better?" 

Glancing at her watch Christine replied, "I will be back at two, if that works?" 

"You are welcome to join us" said Sally in an American accent as she eyed Christine's body hungrily. 

Christine laughed as she closed the cubicle door and heard Lorna & Sally leave. 

Christine looked across the bar and spotted Raoul and took another moment to take in body, his black shirt open half way and his light tan trousers showing a clear outline of his substantial cock. "Did you get my tonic?" Christine asked in a voice that she hoped didn't sound too eager. 

The man looked at her with an amused smile as he smiled showing pearly white teeth then said, "if I had known you wanted a drink it would have been waiting, a moment and I will rectify my poor mind reading skills." 

Christine was confused and trying to work out what was going on when a voice behind said, "I see you have met Jose, my twin, and I should warn you he is the devilish one." 

Christine spun round and looked at Raoul holding her tonic and then back to Jose smiling at the bar, they were identical apart from the way they were dressed and Christine realised she should have known if by no other way than the shirt colours. 

The next hour passed wonderfully with both of the men being attentive and amusing with no sign of jealousy between them. Christine found herself sharing about her failed marriage and to her surprise, and perhaps secret delight, found out the twins were just 20 and sharing a small local apartment while they attended college. 

"We shared everything as children and have never stopped" Raoul explained. 

"Is there anyway to tell you apart?" Christine said for the umpteenth time. 

"There is one way," said Jose with a broad grin and said a word in Spanish to which Christine just shrugged her her shoulders. Jose thought for a moment then said, "how you say... circumcision" 

The alcohol had loosened Christine's tongue and inhibitions as she blurted out without thinking, "there is only one way to find out if you are telling the truth." 

They were in the apartment within 10 minutes and Christine's heart was pounding, and not just from the climb up 3 flights of stairs. "Have you been with two men before?" Raoul asked as he saw Christine tremble slightly. 

Christine just shook her head dumbly as Jose said, "just relax and enjoy, this isn't our first time," and with that kissed Christine firmly, his tongue darting into her mouth exploring inside like a tiny animal. Christine found herself kissing each of them in turn and whilst she kissed one, the other would slip an item of her clothing off and divest themselves at the same time. Very quickly they were all naked in the middle of the room and Christine surrendered herself to the strong hands exploring her body. She felt one pair part her thighs while another thick finger penetrated her wet pussy, and another set of fingers rolled a nipple between them. 

Reaching down with both hands she blindly felt for the two cocks and wasn't disappointed as her hands wrapped round one each of the extremely hard cocks. Both were as large as she had envisaged with her fingers only just fitting round the girth and as she moved them upwards the feel of the length sent shivers through her. Running a thumb over each of the silky heads she could feel that one was cut and the other uncut though both were leaking pre-cum. 

"Should we go to the bedroom?" Christine asked breathlessly. 

"No," the twins chimed in unison, "Here is perfect," before lowering Christine gently onto her back in the centre of the rug that dominated the middle of the room. 

Christine felt her knees being moved firmly wide apart before feeling the roughness on her inner thighs as one of the twins began exploring her pussy in the same way as he had explored her mouth. Opening her eyes she saw the cut cock being pushed down towards her face and she mumbled, "Raoul?" 

"Jose," came the reply and then she enveloped it into her mouth drawing a long moan of satisfaction from Jose. Christine found the position awkward to bend her head backwards to take in the cock although she was enjoying the talented tongue working on her pussy. Rolling onto all fours Christine found she could suck on the cock with more control though found she had difficulty keeping her mouth open enough to take in Jose's cock due to its size. She felt Raoul move behind her and then her breath was taken away as Raoul slowly pushed his cock deeper and deeper into her willing body. Christine found herself gagging slightly as Raoul's thrusts forced her onto his twin's cock that was filling her mouth. Then Raoul grabbed Christine's hips and pulled fully back almost leaving her pussy before driving slowly back in. 

Christine was in heaven as Raoul's thrusts got faster and deeper until finally like a dam bursting inside she orgasmed, bucking and writhing as Raoul slammed home. Suddenly Christine was empty as Raoul pulled out and then moments later Jose removed his cock from her mouth. Before Christine could protest she had a cock presented for sucking, which as it was uncut she knew it was Raoul's. Christine didn't pause for thought as she sucked deeply on the cock that only moments before had been in her pussy and as she sucked she could taste her own juices that coated the cock. 

She felt Jose drive inside her pussy but instead of fucking her just held still deep inside as she felt something cold being smeared on her anal star. Christine's groans were stifled as Jose worked a finger into her ass, twisting it as he coated her inside with gel. Christine had done anal a few times with her ex-husband but he always seemed to enjoy it more than she did, but that was due to the rushed manner it was approached. Jose's finger felt good and Christine felt totally relaxed as he used a second finger with more gel making her slippery and easy to penetrate. 

Sensing she was ready Jose withdrew his fingers and coated the end of his cock generously with more gel before pushing the head into Christine's anal star. Her deep guttural moan echoed round his brother's cock in her mouth as he pushed deeper. After stopping a couple of times, eventually Jose had his cock fully buried in Christine's ass and he paused for a brief moment before slowly pulling back and forward in ever longer strokes. 

Christine was lost in orgasmic bliss as the two men lifted and manoeuvred her so that Jose was flat on his back and she was lying on top, face up, with him still buried in her ass. Looking up she stared into Raoul's handsome face as he leant forward and slowly inserted his cock into her pussy until, like his brother, he was deep inside. 

The two brothers were clearly skilled in their actions varying with alternate strokes between one fucking her ass and the other her pussy. Being on top Raoul was able to lean back and fuck Christine hard and fast forcing her onto Jose's cock and causing her pussy to squelch noisily. With practised ease they rolled over until Christine was riding Raoul while Jose was behind and from this position was able to ride Christine's ass hard, pulling out and pausing before driving back in to her gaping ass. 

The two brothers built to a climax together and when Christine felt them both jerk & spurt inside at the same time sent her over the top to another earth shattering orgasm. 

A few hours later, after untangling herself from the two brothers, Christine had found most of her clothes and hailed a late night taxi back to her hotel. 

********** 

Staying in total darkness Christine crept into the room and shed her clothes before curling up under the covers ready to sleep. 

A voice broke the silence, "wake up sleepy head my friend will be home soon," said a voice Christine recognised to be Lorna's. 

"Well will you have time to fuck me one more time?" said Sally from the other bed and it was clear that they both though they had the room to themselves. 

Looking over Christine saw them kick the covers off and Sally scramble to all fours while Lorna knelt behind and was buckling on a strap on. The bedside lamp illuminated them perfectly and Christine held her breath as she watched knowing a slight glance in her direction would reveal she was actually in bed. 

Sally buried her head in the pillow and gripped the bed clothes tightly as she knew from experiencing the last few hours that Lorna liked to ride hard, which is exactly what she had begged Lorna to do. Sally felt Lorna slam home and the buckles hit her ass as she held the strap on deep and then Lorna wound her fingers in Sally's hair and pulled her head back as she said in a throaty voice, "Does my little whore want fucking like the slut she is?" 

The guttural lustful moan of accession that came from Sally was the most erotic thing that Christine had ever heard and despite the multiple orgasms she had enjoyed during the night she knew she wanted one more. With her fingers coated in the mess that was still oozing from her Christine started to rub her sensitive and engorged clit while trying to remain quiet. 

Things couldn't remain like this for long and Lorna glanced over at the other bed and it was obvious what her friend was doing. Christine and Lorna locked eyes and without pausing in her savage fucking of Sally, Lorna issued the command, "Show me." 

Christine kicked off the covers and twisted round so that her best friend could look directly into her pussy and see her fingers working and pleasuring herself. "I see you have been fucked," said Lorna looking at her friend, "which one was it?" 

"Both," said Christine in a lust laden voice, "at the same time," and pushed 3 fingers deep into herself with one hand while rubbing her clit with the other hand. 

Lorna tipped her head back and laughed throatily as she dismounted from Sally and stood next to Christine's bed, "you little slut, well if you think I am licking that, with male seed in it, you had better think again, but both of us are going to fuck you and you will taste our pussies won't you?" Lorna grabbed Christine's head and held the strap on coated with Sally's juices to Christine's mouth. "Taste her cunt," Lorna snarled and then turning to Sally who was pouting on the bed looking disappointed at having her fucking interrupted, "don't worry you will have your fun." 

Christine looked at the strap on and could see it glisten with Sally's juices and swallowed nervously, previous to that night she had never tasted pussy juices until she sucked her own from Raoul's cock, now she was facing sucking a stranger's pussy juices. Opening her mouth Christine started to lick, tentatively at first then more eagerly as she got used to the taste until she was sucking the strap on like it was a real cock. 

Lorna watched her best friend suck on the strap on and was determined to convert her to being a lesbian, or bisexual at the very least. Watching Christine finger fuck herself Lorna desperately wanted to taste her but wasn't keen on the thought of having to lick her way through male cum. "Sally," barked Lorna, "clean her." 

"Do I have to?" pouted Sally. 

"If I fuck you while you clean her up would that work?" Lorna laughed as Sally leapt across the room, burying her head between Christine's thighs and started to lap eagerly before Christine had time to object. Seeing Sally wiggle her ass invitingly Lorna wasted no time in climbing on the bed and pushing home causing Sally to moan deeply into Christine's pussy. 

Christine's head was spinning as she felt the tongue dart between her fingers and into her pussy, then with a sigh of contentment moved her hands away and surrender to Sally's tongue. It was only a few hours before that she had Raoul's rough face between her thighs lapping, this was so different. Sally's soft cheeks caused no friction and rather than the regular lapping of Raoul this was more delicate as Sally responded to Christine's every whimper and groan of pleasure. 

Lorna looked over Sally's back and could see the enjoyment on Christine's face as Sally worked on her with her talented tongue. As she watched Christine's face screwed up in orgasm and as she bucked Lorna smiled knowing that her contractions would be forcing the seed into Sally's mouth. Happy she was clean enough Lorna stepped out of the harness and pulled Sally away with the instruction, "you wear the strap on." As Sally buckled into the strap on Lorna looked down on her best friend lying exhausted with her legs wide apart and leant forward inhaling deeply before taking a long lick at her pussy juices. Christine's moan of pleasure was music to her ears and Lorna wanted to taste more but also knew that she wanted Christine to taste her. 

Lorna lay on her back and Christine straddled her in the 69 position, her knees either side of Lorna's head and her own head looking down onto Lorna's pussy. There were a thousand questions Lorna wanted to ask to make sure this was what Christine wanted yet was fearful that the answer to any might be no. The question was answered when Christine bent her head and took a long slow lick of Lorna's pussy collecting the juices before savouring the taste. Lorna moaned with pleasure and pulled herself up to allow her full access to Christine's pussy. The second lick, if anything, tasted sweeter than the first and Lorna began to feast on Christine's pussy with relish. Christine was returning the compliment and tugging at Lorna's clit with her teeth sending Lorna wild. 

Sally watched the two in the 69 position and being In the unusual position of being the giver rather than the receiver was a little hesitant on the next step. Thinking to herself what she would like in that position Sally grasped the hilt of the strap on and after a brief rub of the head and over Christine's anal star pushed firmly and deeply into her ass. 

Christine's moan reverberated through Lorna's pussy sending her wild and looking up Lorna could see the strap on driving in and out. As Lorna licked and flicked at Christine's clit she reached up and pulled her ass cheeks further apart, so allowing Sally to drive in harder. 

Christine felt like her head would explode as her ass was on fire and at the same time electric shocks ran though her as Lorna nipped at her clit. What surprised her the most was how much she loved the taste of her friends pussy and tried to force her tongue even deeper. With cries of passion that must have woken the whole hotel the three came in very quick succession until they collapsed in a tangle of limbs. 
