 Chapter 12: Farewell

Note: The first installment of Barcelona beauties describes all the characters and how the story began. 

During the month of April, my relations with the beauties continued in much the same way but there were some changes. Of the unattached housemates, Ulrika had been my least frequent lover. About once a month she asked me to "scratch her itch" as she put it and thus we enjoyed a long night of very hot sex, made more intense by a sense of the special occasion. Ulrika liked for me to be a little rough with her, asking me to spank her ass and to bite her nipples after pulling on them. This made her very wet and desperate for me to fuck her as hard as I could. I was invariably tired and sore the next day but filled with very nice memories.

Now Ulrika had a new boyfriend, Stephan, a tall fair-haired German student. He kind of reminded me of Lars but Ulrika said that they got along much better. Lisa also got a new lover. A boyfriend. Xavi was a local Catalan guy who was built and looked sort of like me but with black rather than brown hair. When Lisa realized that she wanted to be lovers with Xavi, she came to my room to tell me and to ask to spend a last night with me. Of course I agreed.

That evening, Lisa came back to my room wearing a sexy yellow silk nightgown that showed off her legs. She climbed into bed with me and rubbed her silk-clad body over my naked one. "Let's spend all night doing this, okay?" she asked. 

"I wasn't planning on sleeping anyway," I replied. I slipped the nightgown off Lisa and licked my way down to her sweet hairless pussy. I used my tongue to make Lisa cum over and over until she couldn't take any more. 

When she had regained her breath, Lisa gave me a languorous blow job, keeping me hard for ages then stopping to tell me, "Claude, I love that you taught me about sex and I love having sex with you." Lisa plunged my cock down her throat for a moment and held it there. I nearly came but she slowly pulled her lips back up and off me with a smack. "I don't think I told you Claude, but I think you should know I love you. I think I can love Xavi too. But I will still love you."

My heart melted to hear this and I told Lisa I loved her too. "I want to feel you deep in all my holes" Lisa said, having by now abandoned her aversion to course language. She plunged my cock into her throat a few more times then climbed on top of me to fuck me as I held her breasts and tweaked her nipples until she called out her orgasm. 

"I want to try something," Lisa said, then reached her bag and pulled out a tube of lubricant and a vibrator. "While you fuck my ass, I want to fuck my pussy with this," she said, holding the vibrator in her hand. 

"That sounds great," I said. Lisa got on her hands and knees on my bed and I looked over her lovely curved back and her sassy black ponytail. Lisa slid the vibrator into her pussy as I used some lubricant and a finger to open up her ass. Lisa moaned and asked me to put my cock in her ass. I pushed the head through her outer ring eliciting a deep moan from Lisa.

"It feels so full!" she enthused.

I slowly pushed my cock deeper into Lisa's ass and the pressure from the vibrator filling her pussy made her ass even tighter. Lisa had stopped talking but was breathing heavily and whimpering. "Are you okay?" I asked.

Lisa managed to say "un huh" and pushed her ass back, driving my cock even deeper into herself. Lisa sounded like she was crying but she continued to push back against me and push the vibrator into her pussy. "Please fuck me!" she cried out in a high-pitched voice. I began to thrust into her as she loudly moaned. 

Lisa's ass felt very tight and her intense vocalizations urged me on to fuck her ass deeply. Lisa was cumming again and crying out little cries of pleasure. I grabbed her hips tightly and fucked her ass hard until I came with a yell as Lisa screamed. We collapsed onto the bed, holding each others' sweating bodies until we fell asleep, in spite of our plans to make love all night.

With their new boyfriends I no longer had sex with Ulrika or Lisa but they continued to give me affectionate hugs and kisses. Yara also found herself someone, a girlfriend named Nastassja. Nastassja was a tall, glamorous Polish woman who I kind of hoped to share with Yara sometime but that didn't happen. Yara explained that Nastassja only liked women and wasn't into the group thing but gave Yara permission to do as she liked. I didn't suffer in the least since Yara continued to invite up to her room once or twice a week for 'toes and ass" as we came to call it. I've enjoyed anal sex with other lovers since and am thankful to Yara for introducing me to the deep intimacy of the act. But ass-fucking Yara remains the pinnacle of my anal erotic experience. Her joy in the act and other unique qualities as a lover remain very special memories for me.

Llora had already finished her program and was preparing to go back to Lleida with her boyfriend in mid-May. On Llora's last week, and at Farah's instigation, all the beauties got pedicures, polished their toe rings, and had me photograph their feet. It must have been highly coordinated because each one had a different color of toe nail polish that complemented their coloring: blue for Ulrika that matched her eyes, tropical orange for Farah, deep red for Carmen, strawberry pink for Yara, hot pink against Bilan's dark toes, and brownish eggplant purple for Chhaya—the same color as her fantastic nipples. 

The beauties sat down in a circle on the patio with their feet tangled at the center. All of them wore skirts or shorts so that there was plenty of leg in view. I shot a whole roll of their sexy toes as they played footsie with one another. It was obvious that I was sporting wood and I was getting teased without mercy. It was definitely worth it, and anyway, the teasing turned me on too. 

Before they got up, Farah raised up a foot to rub my cock through my pants. The beauties laughed and teased me even more. Yara spoke up: "I'd like to invite everyone to my room for a farewell foot orgy. I understand if you can't, for those with new boyfriends, but you can still watch." 

Kiraz perked up at this. I looked around at the smiling faces as the majority whooped their approval and got ready to go inside, even Bilan. I took stock of the expressions of Ulrika, Lisa, Chhaya and Llora, since they were now attached. The four of them stood a bit to the side of the others. Ulrika addressed the other three: "It's not really cheating. It's just toe sex. And anyway, I don't want to look back and regret what I didn't do." Chhaya and Lisa let themselves be convinced without demur while Llora agreed to think about it.

As I entered Yara's loft with a train of beauties, I saw that Yara had spread out sheets and pillows on the floor. Always the showoff, Kiraz was already naked, facing away from us, spread eagle position in the sunny window frame. Vesna, Farah and Yara threw off their clothes and came to undress me. Carmen, Bilan and Chhaya undressed to bras and panties. This showed off the cleavage of Carmen and Chhaya very nicely but Bilan had small breasts. Yara came up to Bilan and took off her bra for her. Now she looked quite sexy. Ulrika kept on her skirt but hiked it up to her thighs, then pulled off her top, letting those glorious globes go free. Lisa stripped to a pair of gold colored panties that brought out the honey tones of her skin. Ulrika said something in Llora's ear. Llora sighed and stripped down to bra and panties too. I realized this was my rock star moment.

As everyone settled down, giggling and joking, Yara handed me the coconut oil and asked me to anoint all their feet. I took the opportunity to run my hands all over each pair of legs and spent a decent amount of time with each beauty's feet. As I moved around the room, they resumed playing footsie or running their feet up each others' legs. Yara grabbed Farah's foot and sucked her toes into her mouth. This was so hot. The women were also caressing me with their feet, reaching all over me from the head down. Although I was squatting, Vesna managed to get her little foot into my crotch to caress my balls. 

I finished the anointing and sat back. Yara put a pillow under my head, guiding me to lie down. "The rules are," she said, "no mouths, no hands, no pussies, can touch this cock. We're going to give Claude a footgasm!" Carmen and Farah laughed so hard that tears came out of their eyes. 

Kiraz pulled up a chair behind my head, sat on the edge of it with her ass and pussy spread above my face, and began to rub my head, face and neck with her tiny feet. She had figured out a way to display herself to me and everyone else, thus satisfying both our kinks. Yara and Farah each placed one of my feet on their own hairless pussies and began to stroke their toes up my thighs to my cock. Chhaya and Lisa got perpendicular to my waist on one side and began to caress my chest and stomach with their feet. Chhaya began to playfully tap my cock, which was sticking straight up in the air and was so far untouched. She and Lisa giggled and Lisa took a turn tapping my cock with her little feet and pebble toes. Vesna and Llora took the other side, Vesna's skinny toes contrasting with the rounder toes of Llora. This was a feast for my eyes as well as the sensation of touch, with the realization that all of my lovers in the past year had gathered for one purpose: to give me the ultimate foot fetish experience.

Ulrika and Bilan sat to either side of Farah and Yara but a little closer to me. They twined their feet between Yara's and Farah's. The four of them began rubbing my cock and balls in earnest, continuing to chat and joke about the situation. I used my big toe to stimulate Farah's clit and pussy lips, then gave Yara the same treatment. As I got both of them going, Yara grabbed my foot and put my toes into her pussy and moaned. She then reached over and put my other toes into Farah's pussy. Carmen had left the room for a minute but soon returned and wedged in next to Bilan. I was surrounded by an incredible palette of skin colors and body types, each culminating with toes eagerly exploring my body. It was kind of a free for all around my cock which looked amazing but provided more of a teasing sensation that the full contact foot job I would need to reach orgasm. I wasn't in a hurry but I was ready for the next step. 

Carmen diagnosed the situation perfectly. "Okay," she began, "each of us will take a turn and show our technique but we won't let him come until everyone has a chance. Then we'll go around again and see who can make him cum." 

Everyone agreed to this. Vesna said Carmen should go first. Farah and Yara moved back so that Carmen could sit between my legs and wrap her toes around my shaft. The others continued to stroke whatever part of me they could reach. Carmen's breasts heaved as she used her leg muscles to stroke me firmly and rhythmically. "This is a great workout!" she quipped. She was doing a great job and it felt wonderful. 

"Pretty good," admitted Vesna, "but now it's my turn." 

Carmen went back to her spot and Vesna took center position. Her lithe, pale body excited me just as much as Carmen's caramel-colored, voluptuous one. Vesna spread a little more oil on her feet, threw back her hair and attacked me with her feet. Unable to grip me firmly with her toes, she squeezed my cock between the arches of her feet and jacked me rapidly. Vesna used her hands to support and lift her pelvis, showing me her pussy while telling me how much she loved my cock. This impressed the others and reaffirmed my love for Vesna but her turn also came to an end. 

Llora's technique was slow and gentle but she earned points for looking me in the eye while playing with her nipples and licking her lips. When Kiraz' turn came, she bent down to whisper in my ear, "I just want to fuck it. If I can fit my toes into my pussy, we'll both get our wish." Kiraz only managed a fairly light touch with her feet but she made up for it by repeating "fuck...my...toes" in rhythm with her stroking. 

Vesna said, "I should have thought of that."

Lisa was next. Departing from previous performances. she knelt on a pillow facing away from me then slowly pulled off her panties, displaying her slick bald pussy and ass. In this position. Lisa got quite a good grip on my cock. Her down stroke brushed her toes over my balls. This was a nice change. Everyone approved of this technique but didn't think they could pull it off. As Lisa caressed my cock with her feet she whispered to me, "do you remember fucking my ass, Claude?" Of course the others heard this and hooted. Lisa blew me a kiss and moved out of the way.

Chhaya stood up for her turn. "I'll take of my panties if you'll take off your bra," bargained Ulrika. With encouragement from the others, Chhaya unsnapped her bra and let her amazing breasts free. Appreciative murmurs assured her further. 

Chhaya bent down to whisper to me, "I would never have done this, but I want to thank you for teaching me. I still think about how you taste." Chhaya gave me a tender kiss, then went to sit between my legs. 

Chhaya took her time, first stroking her feet up my legs and around my cock before sliding her brown bejeweled toes up my shaft. She used the toes of one foot to squeeze the head while stroking the shaft with the other. "She's good," remarked Farah. 

I was moaning. It was good. And the fact that a few months ago, no one could have imagined the easily embarrassed Chhaya acting like this made the scene electrifying for all of us. The others let her turn go on twice as long as anyone else's. We were all rapt in attention. Chhaya ended with a gradual retreat of her toes down to my balls which she flicked several times before tracing her toes back down my thighs. 

Now Ulrika, the Norse goddess stood up and loomed above me. She went as if to whisper in my ear as Chhaya had done but then placed her boobs over my face and rubbed them all over. "Is that allowed?" teased Vesna. 

"Feet only," said Carmen. 

Ulrika laughed, "I just had to do that." 

Ulrika sat naked with her legs apart showing me her lovely pussy. She slid her tan legs over mine and reached her long legs up so that her feet could stroke my stomach. She gripped my shaft between her toes as well as she could and started stroking. Her touch lacked the intensity of some of the others but I loved watching her do it as her breasts heaved and she looked lustfully into my eyes from her gorgeous face framed by straight blond hair. 

Now came the big guns. Yara was to my mind, the grand artist of foot sex. She had exceptionally beautiful brown feet with high arches and long toes that I never tired of gazing at, touching, kissing and sucking. When she wrapped them around my cock, it wasn't how tight she gripped or how fast she stroked, it was the artistry with which her pressure and movement constantly changed. Her toes seemed to dance around me and she'd had a lot of practice making me spurt over those gorgeous feet. Vesna leaned forward to watch. Her face showed adoration for both my cock and Yara's feet. The pink of Vesna's lips and Yara's toenails was almost the same. Yara 's footwork elicited moans from me and ooh's and aah's from the group but she was too skillful to take me over the edge unintentionally. 

Farah's feet were slightly larger than Yara's but also exquisitely beautiful. The orange nail polish gave them flair. And Farah and I shared an intense intimacy, different but no less than what I shared with Vesna. Together with Yara, Farah was my first foot lover. Our first sexual contact had been foot to cock. Farah stroked me with her toes while uttering throaty encouragements. With her cocoa-colored curves, bright green eyes and wild hair, Farah had a powerful presence that for a moment made me forget about the other toes still touching my body. 

Finally it was Bilan's turn. Coltish Bilan with her willowy body, high cheekbones and fawnlike eyes. Bilan sat down in front of me in sleek, plum colored panties, her dark skin glistened not only with the sheen of oil but as if a golden light came from within to illuminate her deep dark brown. Her feet were long and narrow, in keeping with her overall build, and her toes resembled her fingers: long, slender, elegantly formed and tipped with perfectly shaped nails. I noticed now that her subtle makeup also followed the plum color. I thought: trust Bilan to bring high fashion to an orgy. Of all the beauties, Bilan was the one I least imagined that I would ever hook up with. She was too beautiful, too cold, and up until recently, not a very nice or interesting person. But she, like every one of us, had changed this year. All of us for the better I think.

Bilan looked into my eyes and cocked her head. If there was something birdlike about Yara, or leonine about Farah, Bilan reminded me of a deer, or better, a graceful gazelle, drinking from a forest pool. I realized that although we had been having sex for the last month and I had sucked her toes and licked her sexy feet, Bilan had never given me a footjob. She first clasped my toes with her own, then briefly massaged my feet with hers. Why had no one else thought of that? She worked those enchanting feet up my calves, around my knees, and up and down my thighs. The movement of Bilan's lovely limbs was magical. I heard a few of the other women sigh as they watched her, barely grazing my body now with their own feet. 

When Bilan's toes touched my balls I could have sworn they were fingers. The illusion continued as she slid up my shaft and curled her pedal digits around the head of my cock. Every part of her feet felt like silk passing over my cock. Her fingerlike toes then curled around my shaft from either side in a firm supple grip. Visibly contracting the muscles in her thighs and stomach, Bilan began to jack off my cock with an artistry that rivaled Yara's. I looked around at the faces of the others as they stared, entranced at the sight. I was moaning and the other women were cooing appreciation or breathing heavily. 

Vesna began rubbing her own pussy. Yara and Kiraz began to stroke themselves as well while Ulrika played with her own breasts. Lisa leaned over and began flicking Chhaya's purple nipples with her tongue. Chhaya's eyes widened in shock then fluttered down into a glazed look of pleasure. This was utterly amazing. I felt my orgasm approaching. Carmen said, "everyone's had a turn. Is this how you want to come?" 

I looked at her and then smiled at Bilan. "Oh, yeah."

While to differing degrees all the women pleasured themselves or one another, Bilan continued her measured, sure-gripped stroking from the base of my shaft to the head of my cock with a dexterity I hadn't known was possible from the human foot. Sight, sensation, scent, sound—and the knowledge that ten women I loved and would soon say goodbye to were now focused on my arousal—the whole scene overpowered me. And there, with Bilan's supple toes fluttering around my cock at the center of my total erotic universe, I came. 

I felt as though my breath and heartbeat stood still while the first white spurt shot high in the air. I heard sighs all around me. White cum spattered down on Bilan's dark feet which continued to pump at the same pace. I cried out as the second spurt jetted out. I felt faint, disoriented. Yara, Farah, Ulrika and Chhaya extended their feet to capture some of the cum. Llora looked angelic; Kiraz, diabolical. I felt transported out of this world as my last shots jerked out. I became overpowered by the sensation of Bilan's feet on my cock. Kiraz held me while regarding me with serious eyes. The room fell silent. I suspect that everyone was thinking the same thing at that moment: this will never happen again and no one would ever believe that it did.
