 After a lobster dinner, Melody was ready to fuck. You should have seen her turning heads in the restaurant. Her massive tits, busting out of her short, black tube-dress, her long, cascading platinum-blonde hair, black fencenet stockings on her long, slender legs, shiny black six-inch stiletto-heels. Some guys were literally almost tripping over when they saw her and angering their jealous girlfriends. I just smiled with pride.

Back at our room, she said something that surprised me. "Let's call you an escort, baby." 

"...I don't need an escort, angel. All I want is you!"

"But I can't suck your balls while you're fucking me," she said with a sultry wink.

"Are you serious??" I asked incredulously.

"Always," she smiled and said.

She even dialed the phone for me. She ordered a girl who, by her description, she knew I'd like. 

"You deserve this treat, baby," she explained as she came over and kissed my mouth. 

Our tongues caressed each other's, and I grabbed her ass through her sexy dress. The bullet nipples on her massive fake tits pressed into my chest as we kissed.

"Ooooh! I want you to have your fucking way with me now, lover!" She said, her words and their meaning making my cock harden in my pants.

I lifted her onto a large wooden chest of drawers by the bed. I took both her ankles in one hand and lifted her legs to one side, folding her in half, exposing her perfectly smooth, waxed teen cunt beneath her dress which had risen up past her ass, through her black fencenet stockings and past her skimpy hot-pink thong. I could see my reflection in her shiny black six-inch stiletto-heels.

"Ooooh! Just what're you gonna do to me, baby?" she teased like a slut.

I reached in with my free hand and peeled her fishnets down past her pussy and onto her thighs. Her breathing was getting heavy and little moans of pleasure escaped her lips as I brushed up against her moistening snatch. 

I leaned in with my mouth and took a few wet licks of her soft, drooling pussy-hole past her skimpy thong.

"Ooooh!" she squeaked with delight as I tasted her wet girlhood.

I licked her hole for a little while like that, before peeling her thong down over her ass and pussy and onto her thighs with the fencenets. Her gorgeous teen slit glistened with her own pussy-juices in the lamplight.

I leaned down and licked her pink-hole thirstily. Her moaning was getting louder and louder and more constant.

I slipped a finger up her ass as I ate her out on the chest of drawers. I slid my finger deep in and out of her hot asshole which was slippery from her own pussy juices. Her pussy tasted wonderful.

I took off my pants, and planted my rock-hard rod straight into her hot, tight, smooth, slippery snatch. 

"Ooooh yeah!" She moaned as my dick sank inside her to the hilt.

I fucked her teen pink-hole, still holding her ankles in my one hand, and fingering her asshole with my other.

"Oh shit, baby, it's so good!" She whimpered as I fucked her. "Do my ass, do my fucking asshole!!" she begged after some time.

I slid my cock out of her wet pussy, and straight all the way up her tight brown-hole with a loud farting noise, and began fucking her bum hard and deep. It was well-lubed from her own pussy-juices. 

I grabbed both her tits as I fucked her ass.

"Ooooh, shit!" She moaned.

Just then, there was a knock at the door.

"The fucking call-girl!" I said, "Should I go let her in?"

Melody nodded her head smiling.

I fumbled with my pants, but Melody said, "Forget about that, just go get the door, lover."

So I opened the door, my hard cock sticking straight out at the sexy escort girl standing there.

"Oh my!" she said, "So it's straight to business then. That's fine with me, baby."

"Please, come on in. This is my wife."

"Hello."

"Hello."

I closed the door behind her. She had medium-length straight black hair with bangs, glistening dark-red lips, a similar build to my wife's, a short black miniskirt, high, shiny black hooker-boots, and a skimpy black tube-top.

"My name's Candy," the girl said in a sexy baby-doll voice.

"Why don't you show my husband how those lips of yours will feel sucking on his dick?" Melody said to her.

'Candy' smiled as she squatted down, placed her hands on my thighs, and took my cock into her warm, wet mouth and began sucking it. I guessed she must have been in her early 20s.

"Oh, shit!" I said quietly, savoring the professional, hands-free blowjob from this gorgeous fucking whore, as my wife watched. Her gorgeous glossy lips slid up and down the length of my dick as she sucked it hard. Her skirt had ridden up when she squatted down, and I could see the globes of her ass-cheeks sticking out behind her.

My wife went into one of our bags, took out our camera, and began snapping pics of my dick in this hot girl's mouth. 

"You'll thank me for these later, baby!"

Between my hot wife and this babe, there were so many fucking holes to choose from! I was thinking... my head was reeling.

"Ok, let's do this." It was my wife, taking control.

Melody stood naked with her hands on the wall, her knees slightly bent, her back arched, and her ass and fuck-holes thrust-out towards us. "Pick a hole baby, any hole," Melody said.

I walked up behind my sexy wife and tossed my shirt away. I grabbed her gorgeous ass in both my hands and spread it open, totally exposing her tight, sexy brown-hole. 

"Candy, I want you to jerk me off," I told the hired girl.

"Alright," she replied strutting over from behind me wearing just her boots now (she was stunning! Her pussy was flawlessly, completely waxed smooth, like Melody's) spit onto her fingers, reached around and took my cock in her hand and began jerking me off.

"Where do you want me to put this, stud?"

"Her asshole..." I told her.

Candy jerked my cock slowly as she fed it onto my wife's tight brown butt-hole. I slowly eased my shaft up her ass, grabbed her big tits, and started fucking her. 

"Suck his balls!" my wife commanded the whore.

Candy squatted down behind me, facing away from me, tilted her head back, and took my entire ball-sack into her warm, wet mouth, as my dick slid in and out of my wife's hot little asshole.

Both girls were moaning lustfully as I enjoyed the sheer sexual decadence of having my cock up my wife's tight ass and my balls getting sucked in a hired babe's hot mouth.

"Change holes, baby,' Melody suddenly told me, 'and don't fucking stop. Just keep changing holes! And I want this bitch to clean your dick off in her mouth every time you pull out!"

I didn't need asking twice! I pulled my dick out of Melody's ass with a farting sound, and put it into the call-girl's mouth, who sucked hard and fast on it as she fingered her pussy. Then I slid it up my wife's sopping wet, hot cunt-hole and fucked her hard, fast and deep. Oh man, this was heaven!

Then Candy sucked my cock again, then I slid it back up my wife's asshole and fucked her for a while. Then Candy sucked my dick again, then I slid it back up Melody's cunt and fucked her.

It's as if my wife could read my mind, and said, "It's time now for this bitch to take your cock up her other two holes."

I stayed standing up, picked Candy up facing towards me, and she spread her legs wide. Her gorgeous cunt was positioned right above my rock-hard dick. Her huge boobs were softer than my wife's, and they felt amazing pressing into my chest along with her hard nipples, like little marbles. 

I put my tongue in the whore's mouth and we kissed, and my wife guided my shaft up the bitch's drooling pink-hole. I held Candy's ass and began bouncing her smooth cunt up and down on my rod. Holy fuck, it felt amazing!

My wife sucked my balls as I fucked the slut's cunt. Candy's legs were spread wide.

Then Melody took my dick out, sucked hard on it for a moment, and fed it up the bitch's tight little asshole.

"Ooooh!" Candy moaned as my shaft sank up her tight shitter to its base.

We paused for a moment for her asshole to get used to the girth of my cock. Then, once I'd felt it relax, I began fucking her hard, fast and deep. 

I fucked her like that for a while, as my wife snapped some pics. Then Melody sucked on my dick as I repositioned Candy into the bridal-carry position. I held her so that her perfect ass, asshole, and drooling pussy, were hanging down, pointing straight at my hard dick. 

"Put it up her ass please, baby," I said to my wife.

Melody placed my cock-head onto the opening of the whore's tight shit-hole and held it in place for me. I lowered Candy and her ass down onto my cock, and her brown-hole took the whole length of my shaft, right up to my balls. 

I sucked on the bitch's hard nipples, pressing my face into her, huge, soft boobs, and fucked her tight asshole hard. My wife sucked my balls and fingered my own asshole as I fucked the whore's hot tight ass.

"I'm gonna cum!" I warned them.

"Cum in Candy's mouth!" Melody urged.

I carefully 'threw' Candy down on the bed on all fours, and fucked her asshole, then her pussy, then her asshole again before letting myself crest over the edge. With my dick up her arse, I passed the point of no return; I was cumming!

I popped my dick out of Candy's asshole with a farting sound, spun her 'round and shoved my already cumming dick into her mouth.

She clamped her lips around my dick, as I fucked her wet, warm mouth hard and fast. She sucked my cock hard as I came a huge load deep down her throat. I convulsed and came, fucking her mouth in ecstasy, as my wife snapped pics of my dick cumming down the hot whore's throat. 

Later on, I posed with my cock up each of Candy's holes in a number of different positions for my wife to photograph. 

"Thank you, miss," I told the sexy professional slut as she left our room later on. She smiled at me, winked, and blew me a kiss as she walked away, her sexy ass tracing figure-eights in the air as she left.

"Well, that was alright, wasn't it, baby?" Melody asked me smiling, once we were alone again.

I just smiled and kissed my angel, already lifting one of her long slender legs over my shoulder for us to fuck again.

"Ooooh!" she moaned as my cock slid into her pussy...