 I was visiting with friends, a couple that I have known for many years. We first met in university. We were all young, single and hunting for the ideal sexual partner. As it turned out they didn't have to look too far and just after graduating they got married. Ann and Simon seemed like an ideal couple. They were always happy and outgoing. They loved life and they loved each other. I have always been a little jealous of Simon's good fortune in marrying Ann. She is a gorgeous red head with a great body. Her breasts are a natural 38 and the rest of her frame is equally well proportioned. Simon is a good looking guy, I guess. Before linking up with Ann he had had a non stop bevy of girlfriends. It was difficult to share an apartment with him because of the constant bedroom noise. Not to mention that I was very envious of his success with women.

There was one advantage to the never ending stream of women in the apartment; they left their panties all over the place. I would find pairs of panties in every room in the place, including my bedroom. While Simon was fucking his latest conquest in his room I would often be beating my meat with her panties. You can tell a lot about a woman by the type of panties she wears. I came across (and in) everything from granny pants to thongs. My favorites are tiny sheer bikinis and of course ass cracking thongs. I am a panty addict and have been since those wonderful college days. However, once Simon and Ann became a couple, the supply of fresh panties trickled to a stop. Sometimes I would find a pair of Ann's panties and I would adjourn to the privacy of my room and masturbate with my new found treasure. I had to be careful not to cum in her panties though, because she always went looking for them before leaving. I had quite a stash nonetheless and always used a pair from my assortment to collect my load. I would wear a pair from my hoard and sniff Ann's panties while jacking my hard cock until I came. Afterwards I would put her panties back where I had found them and slink back to my room before being discovered. 

On one occasion I was not quick enough and Ann saw me with her panties in my hand. I was totally embarrassed and turned beat red. She walked over to me with a grin on her face and asked me if I was finished with them and could she have them back. I couldn't say anything; I seemed to have lost my voice completely. Ann smiled, reached out to retrieve her panties and returned to Simon's room. I hurried back to my bedroom and stayed there until they left. Neither she nor Simon ever mentioned the incident and I had forgotten it until the eventful visit this past week.

After we left college, I went to the coast to start a career in telecommunications. Simon and Ann settled in town and both embarked on successful careers of their own. We had stayed in touch and they invited me to spend some time with them following the breakup of my marriage. There was nothing mean or angry about my split up, we had just not really clicked as a long term couple. However, I was a little depressed after she moved out and they invited me to visit as a way to get over the hump and get on with my life.

I had been there for three days and everything was going well. They had both taken time from work to entertain me and help me get over my depression. I really enjoyed seeing them and we talked for hours about people we knew and the 'old days'. I got the feeling though that something between them was different. Not that their marriage was in jeopardy or anything like that, but I sensed that something was different. Around the house, Ann wore revealing outfits that offered tantalizing glimpses of her bra free breasts. Her standard daytime dress was a short silk housecoat that covered her baby doll nightie. I couldn't stop myself from staring at her long shapely legs and sometimes she would reach for something and I would get a look at her matching panties. I had a hard time hiding the erection that seemed to be a permanent thing since I got there. Ann couldn't help but notice my discomfort and it seemed that the more I squirmed the more she teased. Simon wasn't blind, he could easily see what was going on.

On one occasion they were sitting on the coach and I was in an easy chair across from them. Ann was in her standard outfit and Simon was wearing a tee shirt and boxers. As we were talking Ann casually opened her legs until I could see her panty covered pussy. I didn't have a full view but I could see enough to know that she was shaved. Simon saw me staring between his wife's legs and I turned red. Simon, however, acted as though nothing happened and they both carried on without a break in the conversation. A few minutes past and I excused myself to go to the bathroom. After Ann's pussy shot I had to do some cock adjusting or I would be very uncomfortable for the rest of the evening. As I dropped my pants to move my cock into a less constrained position, I noticed something peeking out from under the hamper lid. Sure enough there was a pair of Ann's panties. 

I opened the hamper and took the panties in my hand. They were a silky pair of bikini panties that had little lace roses where the straps met the front and back. I then remembered the embarrassing occasion years ago and smiled to myself. I held them to my nose and inhaled the deep woman scent that was present in the crotch. I then wrapped them around my hard cock and started to masturbate. The feeling of the silk on my dick was exquisite. I was adrift in the sensation and lost track of time. Suddenly there was a knock on the door and Ann asked if everything was ok. I replied that everything was fine and that I would be out in a minute. I quickly tossed the panties back into the hamper, stuffed my cock into my pants and returned to join them in the living room. Simon got up to fetch a couple of beers and Ann excused herself leaving the room. Simon returned with our beer and we started to talk about work and other simple matters. 

A few minutes later Ann returned and she was holding the panties that I had found in the bathroom. I nearly choked on my beer as I saw what she had in her hand.

"Well David, it seems that after all these years you still like my panties. Simon, what should we do about this?"

I must have turned a million shades of red but Simon acted as if it was no big deal. "Well you know what a panty freak he was back in college. I think that you should decide what to do."

"Stand up David." 

I stood up and Ann tossed me the panties. "I want to see what you look like wearing my panties. Don't just stand there, strip and put them on. You've wanted to get into my panties all night. I saw you looking up my nightie. Did you like what you saw?"

I could only nod my head and look at Simon apologetically. Simon sensed my unease and just smiled. "You had better do as she asks. Ann can get cross if she doesn't get what she wants."

I took off my pants and Ann told be to remove all my clothes. When I was completely naked she told me to put on her panties. They were a little snug but I managed to get them on over my now soft cock. Ann came up to me and ran her hand over the front of the panties, cupping my balls and giving my cock a squeeze. She looked at Simon and asked him what he thought of me. 

"I think he looks cute. Those panties are one of my favorites. I love it when to tease me with them."

The room seemed to spin and I almost passed out. Simon got up to steady me but I told him that I was alright. "Look guys, I'm really sorry that I fucked up. Ann, if you want me to leave that's ok. I just don't want to cause you any more grief."

Ann laughed. "I would think by now you would have pieced it together. I set a trap for you. I wanted you to find those panties. Simon told me all about your panty obsession way back when we were first dating. I'm not upset at all. Simon and I have added some new thrills to our married life. Before we invited you out for this visit we planned to trap you with my panties. Simon wants this as much as I do."

I looked over at Simon who merely nodded and started to undress. Ann took off her short robe and knelt down in front of me. She massaged my panty covered cock until it was hard and ready. She then began to rub her face over the front of the panties, planting little kisses on my hard cock.

"Oh David your cock is so smooth and hard. I want to suck it, please let me suck it."

Before I could say anything Ann pulled the panties down until they rested below my balls. She took my firm dick and began to lick the mushroom shaped head. Simon came and stood beside me, his manhood next to mine. Ann took him in her hand and alternated her sucking between the two phalluses. At one point she tried to take us both at the same time and Simon and I had to stand very close. Our cocks met at Ann's mouth and Simon put his arm around my waist to steady himself. I did the same and Ann sucked hungrily on our swollen pricks. I felt Simon's hand caress my ass then he knelt down beside his wife and she took my dick out of her mouth and held it for Simon. Simon willingly took me into his mouth and sucked on my ridged member. I was beyond caring whether the mouth was male or female, I just needed to cum. Ann played with my balls as Simon sucked noisily on my shaft. The sight of two people sharing one cock, especially mine, was the most erotic thing I've ever seen. I knew that I couldn't last much longer. My balls were beginning to tighten and I felt the cum begin to rise. Simon knew that I was about to explode and he held my cock to share the load with Ann. I looked down at the two of them as my cock released its sticky seed. The cum spurted forth in massive quantities covering their faces in a blanket of white ooze. Ann and Simon met in a kiss sharing the cum together. 

I stepped back until I could sit down on the sofa, Ann's panties now resting about my knees. When they had finished cleaning my cum from their faces they came over to the sofa and sat on either side. Peter was still hard and he was stroking his sinewy prick. Ann spread her thighs and pealed off her wet baby doll panties. Handing them to me she said "See how wet I am. My pussy needs some attention; I want you to lick my wet cunt and make me cum."

I got between Ann's thighs and placed my mouth on her slippery gash. The taste of her womanhood was heavenly. The juices flowed freely and her hooded pearl stood out between the creases of her slit. I sucked her clit between my lips and ran my tongue around her open quim probing the depths of her pussy. I glanced up to see Simon still masturbating but he was now on his knees in front of Ann's face. I returned my concentration to the task at hand and increased my efforts on Ann's snatch. She ran her fingers through my hair and she was now moaning quite loudly. I felt her have a couple of little twinges and then she tightened her thighs about my head holding my mouth against her cunt. Her orgasm swept over her and she released a flood of liquid into my waiting mouth.

I parted her thighs and watched as Simon finished by unloading a sea of sperm all over Ann's face and tits. We were all exhausted but I leaned forward to plant a wet kiss on Ann's smooth pussy. Ann caressed my head and took Simon's cock into her mouth to drain him of any remaining baby juice.

The remainder of my stay took on a new dimension and I when I left to return to the coast I knew who to call if I needed help with depression.