 Chapter Four: On The Beach

A Jim and Mary Story

Jim and Mary have taken Isobel on a sailing vacation with them, and the three of them are now sharing a makeshift bunk in the cabin of their charter boat. Isobel likes the sex but is afraid she is being used.

Mary came up from the sailboat's cabin and found Isobel sitting in the cockpit nursing a cup of coffee and staring out to sea. She turned on a smile.

"Good morning, Isobel." She couldn't think of a better conversational opener for the woman with whom she and her husband had spent the night having sex. Isobel's reply was brief and distant.

"I made coffee."

"Oh, lovely. But I think I'll make Jim some tea."

"Please yourself, but the coffee's still hot."

Mary hesitated then put her hand on Isobel's shoulder.

"Last night was good. For us, I mean. We liked it."

Isobel kept her eyes on the horizon.

"Well ..." In light of Isobel's lack of response Mary didn't see a way to pursue the conversation. Isobel's occasional fits of bad temper could be unpleasant but were something that Mary could deal with, but her sullen moods were something much more difficult. She hoped it wasn't going to be another day of sulks. 

She went below and busied herself in the galley, while Jim watched her from the makeshift bed that the three of them had shared.

He had woken even before Isobel and had watched her get up and make coffee for herself. He hadn't moved. He had been enjoying the sensation of lying stuck to his wife's back by sweat and spent fluids from the night before. His morning glory had been nestled between Mary's buttocks as he ran over in his mind the excitements and the passions of the day before and the night the three of them had shared in the sweaty confines of the cabin. 

The tryst with Mary and Isobel had stirred sensations he didn't know he could have. It was like awakening a teenage monster in a half-century old body. He had never been with two women before and the sensations he had experienced had overwhelmed him. He had never had the intensity of feeling in his skin and the powerful sense of his own vigor that he had experienced with their shared bodies. It was still exciting to think about, and although Mary had left the bed, leaving him to cool in the morning air, his erection still pulsed hot against his stomach. 

He watched Mary as she made the tea. He had a hard time reconciling the woman he had married all those years ago with the woman whose body he had shared with Isobel. It was a side of Mary he hadn't even imagined. He had, of course, imagined threesomes. What man hadn't? But if ever such a thing had been mentioned between them it had certainly never been pursued. 

Mary climbed back on the bunk with two cups of tea.

"Hello, lover."

They pursed their lips and kissed. She flicked his prick with her fingers.

"You're pretty sporty this morning."

"You were pretty sporty last night."

"We all were." She snuggled up to him. "Did you have fun?"

"You bet. You?"

"Mmmm. Though I wonder if it was a good idea."

"I know. I thought about that too. Where's Isobel?"

"On deck."

"Is she OK?"

"I don't know. I think she's in a funk."

"Why?"

"You know what she's like."

"Well, you know it's gone so far we can't change it, can we? Do you think we should pretend nothing happened?"

"No, not really. It was exciting, but..."

"I know. Yesterday was a blast for me but I don't want to wreck the holiday or our relationship."

"Yes," said Mary. "I know I kind of started it so it's partly my fault, but sometimes I get really jealous sharing you with her. Don't you ever dare do her when I'm not there, will you?"

"No, of course not. But we can stop it right now if you want. All we've got to do is tell Isobel."

Mary laughed. "Umm, no -- I don't want to stop right now. It's too exciting, but I sure am looking forward to having you to myself."

"Well, we agreed we'd have fun so let's do it, and then when the holiday's over, that's it. It's over."

There weren't that many days of their sailing vacation left anyway. They would enjoy today in the quiet of Chatham Bay. Tomorrow they would have to leave for Bequia where they would celebrate Mary's birthday with a slap-up meal ashore. The following day they would make a final dash across the channel between the islands and return the boat to the charter company on St. Vincent.

"I hope we'll always have fun whether we're on holiday or not."

He reached out and gently massaged her breast through the fabric of her night shirt. She pushed his hand away.

"Don't be an ass -- it's too early." She laughed at him.

He stroked his cock quietly.

"Well then I think I'll try Isobel." He grinned at her.

Mary shook her head. "I wouldn't. I don't think she's in the mood."

"We'll see about that."

Jim climbed off the bunk and headed for the cockpit.

"Good morning Isobel."

He wrapped his arms around her, pulling her into his naked body, his cock snagging in a fold of her tee-shirt.

"Shit, Jim. Get off me." She shrugged herself loose. "It's too early."

Jim laughed. "That's what Mary said."

"No, I mean it. Piss off and leave me alone."

Jim's penis began its droop towards the deck and Isobel sipped her coffee in silence.

"Are you mad at me?" asked Jim

"No -- Yes! I don't know!"

"Isobel, that's three different answers."

"I know, but..."

"Do you want to pick one?"

"What do you mean?" 

"Yes, no or don't know."

"Well it's just that you and Mary..." she stopped.

"Me and Mary what?" he asked gently.

"Don't care. I don't think you really care. Do you really care? I mean, about me?"

"Yes, of course we do."

"Well, I don't know. I mean I loved the sex, but I think you just wanted somebody to play with and..."

"You mean we took advantage of you?"

Isobel didn't reply. Jim reached for her hand.

"I thought that was what you wanted, too." 

"Yes, it was, but..."

"We can stop. Pretend it never happened."

"No, I want it. I mean, we're cooped up on this fucking boat, and I don't want to be left out. And now we've started..." her voice trailed off.

"Now we've started?" he prompted.

It came out in a rush.

"Now we've started I want more. When we made love last night I realized that I was as happy as I've ever been. Let's not let it end. Maybe when we get back you and I..."

"No, I don't think that's going to work."

"I know, I know. I won't screw it up, you know, but I just wish..."

"Look -- let's just enjoy ourselves and not worry about what comes after." 

Later in the morning they took the dinghy around the headland at the end of the bay and found a small beach. Mary cut the motor and the dinghy grounded at the water's edge. The three of them jumped ashore and Jim pulled the boat on to the sand. The little beach was about 20 yards from end to end, backed by a cliff and protected at one end by a rocky outcrop. The dark volcanic sand caressed their feet as they waded in the shallows. The water was cool and inviting and a small breeze off the sea provided them with occasional respite from the heat trapped in the little cove.

The mood on the boat had lightened at the thought of a trip across the bay, a cooling dip in the ocean, and a chance to stretch their legs on dry land. Boats are fine places when romping through the rollers on a warm windy day but at anchor they can become a crucible of trapped heat and frayed nerves, and the thought of escaping for a few hours had been very attractive.

By the time they had got into the dinghy they were laughing and joking. Isobel had all of a sudden pulled herself out of her funk and developed a mood of high good humor and become very energetic. She had packed the fixings for a picnic lunch, prepared the sandwiches and found a bottle of Sauvignon Blanc buried deep in the boat's icebox. 

Jim and Mary sat in the shallows at the water's edge watching the sand particles ebb and flow around their legs. Jim turned round.

"Hey, Isobel!"

"What?"

"Come here and cool off." 

"I'm OK."

Isobel was sitting cross-legged on the sand further up the little beach in shorts and a tank top, sweat beading on her forehead and plastering her short hair to her scalp. The tank top had a sweat soaked streak where it clung to her belly. She was drawing in the fine sand with her finger.

"Come on, you're burning up. You're in a muck sweat."

Isobel wiped beads of perspiration from her crimson face.

"I'm fine."

"Why don't you come and get in the water?"

"I can't."

"What do you mean, you can't."

She shook her head. "I can't!"

Mary said, "You're dying of heat."

"I'll get my shorts wet."

Jim and Mary laughed in exasperation and both said at once, "Then take them off!"

"I don't have anything underneath. I was so busy with the sandwiches I forgot to put my bikini bottoms on."

"So?" said Mary

"If I get my shorts wet they'll get salty. They'll never dry."

"Doesn't matter."

"I'll get a rash."

"If you get a rash we'll rub some lotion in it for you," said Jim. "So take them off!"

Mary was laughing. "We? We'll rub it in?""

"Well, I will!"

Isobel screwed her eyes up. "Well, screw it. OK! Look the other way."

"We've already seen," said Jim, adding playfully, "unless you've got something new to show."

This time it was Isobel's turn to laugh.

"I might!"

"Let's have a look then," said Jim.

Isobel stood up, slapped sand from her shorts and delivered an ungainly curtsy. 

"Show us what you've got, Isobel," commanded Jim.

Isobel lifted her top up and flashed her tits very quickly, giving them a glimpse of breast and sweaty stomach.

"Same as yesterday," said Jim to Mary.

"Did you like them?" asked Mary

"I did yesterday, but I like big ones too." He stroked the front of her bathing suit.

"Mine aren't big. Don't be rude."

"Well they're bigger than mine, and bigger than Isobel's," laughed Jim. 

Isobel put her thumbs in the waistband of her shorts and started to wriggle them down.

"If you liked that, then I have something else to show you," she said.

But Mary wasn't looking. She was leaning towards Jim.

"Do you want to peek?" 

Mary's fingers were daintily holding the zipper tab on the front of her blue one-piece suit.

"Guys!" expostulated Isobel. "I'm waiting."

Mary pulled her zipper down, exposing cleavage, a dark deep cleft between her tits. Jim reached over and pulled the fabric aside exposing a large breast with a diagonal tan line. Below the tan line the skin was creamy white accentuating the rich color of the nipple. Jim reached for the irresistible little nub of brown flesh. Before he could get his fingers on it a shadow fell on him. Isobel was stamping in the water by his legs.

"For fuck's sake! Stop messing with me! What's the matter with you two? I was waiting for you to watch."

Isobel had dropped her shorts and the thick wedge of hair at the base of her little round belly was inches from his nose. Even in the salty sea air he could smell her musky smell and feel the heat radiating from her. Not for the first time Jim was bemused by the sudden embarrassment of riches -- his wife's bared breast on the one hand and Isobel's pungent charms on the other.

"Now what are you going to do, Jimmy?" asked Mary. "I bet you don't know what to do, do you?"

Mary was laughing at him. Jim hesitated, and in that moment she threw herself on him. He found himself on the receiving end of a full body press as Mary squirmed herself over him and mashed her breast into his face. In moments he had found her nipple and he sucked it, and as much surrounding breast as he could, into his mouth. At the same time he felt hands grabbing the waist band of his shorts. They were pulled roughly off his pinned body, snagging momentarily on his heel.

A wet sandy hand grabbed his penis and tugged at the soft tissue. He felt it being flapped backwards and forwards.

He heard Isobel's voice. "Look at the poor little thing! Oh, God, I hope it's not broken." 

"Give it some time," laughed Mary. "I think we may have overworked it last night."

"Well, I'll see if I can fix it."

Jim loved being smothered by Mary's copious tit, but was in danger of suffocating in it. On the other hand a lack of air didn't seem to be preventing his cock from inflating in response to Isobel's grasp. Maybe the congestion in his head and the asphyxial ringing in his ears were having a positive effect on his blood pressure. He had heard of people that got off on asphyxiation, but some of them died in the attempt, and he didn't want it to happen to him. He heaved Mary off him and surveyed the scene.

Isobel was holding the base of his cock and swinging it round in circles. It wasn't quite hard and it reminded Jim of a wilted stick of celery as she flailed it around. He wished Isobel would treat it with more respect, but he couldn't fault her single-minded absorption with it. 

Mary was getting to her feet and had already pulled the blue suit off her shoulders. She wriggled her bottom and worked the suit down over her thighs. She kicked the crumpled bathing suit up the beach and came back and stood over Jim. 

"Jim, this is for you. You can stop watching Isobel for a minute."

She knelt over his face. The sun was blotted out by the pale bulge of Mary's belly and the smooth turn of her thighs. She lowered her crotch onto his face. A little shower of sand cascaded onto his lips to be followed by her pink crevice and its fleshy lips. Mary's warm pussy descended on him, gritty with grains of sand, and he licked at her with a will. She ground her salty cleft into his mouth and he tasted her familiar sweet sap on his tongue. He played with the hood over her clitoris and occasionally allowed his tongue to stray into the maw of her cunt. Right now the only thing he could see was the tuft of hair that his nose was buried in, a nice stretch of white belly, the underside of two large breasts and a stretch of sky.

Things were happening out of his sight too. The hand on his cock had stopped waving it around and was now pumping leisurely at it, a not entirely comfortable feeling as Isobel had trapped some sand in her fist. She was stimulating him and excoriating his skin at the same time. Pain and pleasure. But soon the pumping stopped and a warm wet mouth engulfed the head and slid down the shaft. He felt Isobel's mouth vacuum the sand off him. She spat a couple of times and then resumed the task of sucking blood into his growing organ. She had soon transformed it from a stick of wilting celery into something more like an angry carrot. He heard her say "That's better. That's what I want."

She held him at the root and climbed on to him, guiding his stiffened cock into her pussy. Jim was surprised at how easily he slipped into her and was also taken aback by the fierce heat that surrounded his penis. He also couldn't believe she was so heavy, but it didn't matter. After all he now had two women pinning him to the beach and they were so strategically placed, one on his hips and one on his head, that he couldn't think of moving anyway. Neither did he want to. While Mary ground into his face, Isobel started riding him at a slow canter. That was an interesting sensation because despite the slickness of her passage, the occasional grain of sand would scrape against his cock skin as she slid up and down. But pretty soon she was so wet that any remaining traces of the beach were flushed out and the ride became deliciously smooth.

As Isobel got into her rhythm, Mary was working her now soaking gash over his face. Her secretions leaked into his mouth, so that every so often he had to swallow. Mary tasted as good as ever, and though it was sometimes hard to breathe, Jim was enjoying the simple pleasure of eating out his wife while an invisible woman rode his cock. Only she wasn't entirely invisible. Isobel's hands had found their way round to Mary's breasts, and she clutched them to steady herself as she slid up and down his penis. 

Jim, prostrate beneath his two companions, watched Isobel's small hands knead Mary's breasts and then begin to squeeze and pinch her nipples.

He didn't think Mary would last long. She seemed to have a direct connection between her nipples and her clitoris, as if the stimulation of them released some sort of electrical charge, which set her clitoris tingling and soon pushed her over the brink.

"Oooof," said Mary as the convulsions began to overtake her. Jim watched Mary's hands grab Isobel's and squash them even more tightly to her breasts. Her stomach heaved and rippled. She pressed herself ever harder into Jim's mouth. He licked and sucked and swallowed and slathered his tongue up and down her, at least as far as he could move, which wasn't very far. 

Mary's whole body shook and she cried, "No, No! Oh, God, Stop!"

Orgasms ripped through her, but still she pressed down on his face.

"Stop, stop!" 

Jim couldn't, of course. She was the only one who could stop it and in the end she toppled off him onto the sand.

"Too much! That was too much."

She left him to Isobel. Isobel put her hands on his shoulders and peered into his soaked face as she bounced up and down on his engorged prick.

"Come on, Jim. Let's get going."

Jim, catching his breath after his release from Mary's saturating siege, couldn't answer beyond a simple groan. Isobel flew up and down his shaft. To Jim it was a wonder that she managed to keep him inside her, judging her strokes to a fraction of an inch, stopping her upstroke within a hair's breadth of him falling out and then plummeting down again to crash her clitoris against his pubic bone. He felt his buttocks being driven deeper into the sand.

Mary, her body now dredged with sand, rolled over on her stomach and peered into his sweaty face. She pressed her lips to his and kissed him deeply. Even while her tongue explored his mouth and he tasted the sweetness of her saliva he could feel the eruption swelling in him. Jim passed the point of no return. He moaned into her mouth as the ejaculation began to roar in his pipes. Isobel slowed her ride up and down his cock. Her insides clenched its spurting head, sucking hungrily at him. While he sprayed sperm deep inside Isobel, his wife clamped her mouth over his in a fierce and aggressive expression of possession.

Mary pulled her mouth away. 

"Next time," she said to Isobel, "he's all mine!"

Isobel didn't answer but climbed shakily off Jim's still stiff cock. She left a snail trail of cum on his belly which Mary wiped away with a sandy hand.

Isobel brought the picnic from the boat. They spread beach towels next to each other and laid the food out. Jim was relaxed -- he enjoyed the wine, and the feeling of Mary rubbing sunscreen into his sun-scorched skin. He couldn't help noticing that Mary was very possessive, in a way that she hadn't been last night or even yesterday. She fed him morsels of food as if he was a chick in her nest. Isobel sat by them, but just far enough away that her position seemed to acknowledge Mary's rights to him.

That was all right with Jim. The sun was beginning to get to him anyway, and the sex already had. His eyelids became heavy and began to droop and a post-fuck nap overtook him.

He was awakened by the sound of an anchor chain running out. Mary and Isobel were sitting at the water's edge watching another boat anchoring in the bay. It was a ketch with a green hull and wooden masts and a deckhouse on which the varnished bright work glimmered in the sun.

"Bummer," said Jim. "I thought we had the place to ourselves."

Mary said "Why are you so grumpy? There's plenty of room in the bay. Anyway I thought you'd be glad of some company. I expect you're pretty fed up with having just us two women to ..."

"...keep him out of mischief," interrupted Isobel.
