 So it started out as a regular Saturday night. My homegirl and I were at a birthday party. We were the best-looking chicks there, by far. Denise has a chocolate complexion and a petite frame. She's only about 5' 3" and a 34B; not as curvy as me but has a nice round ass. I'm pretty much the opposite since I'm caramel, 5' 11" and curvy in all the right places. Anyone that knows me knows I don't mind showing off what I've got and tonight I was definitely working it in a black miniskirt and blue top that looked like it was painted on to my 36DD breasts. Denise, always a little more conservative than me, wore a short sundress. We'd been best friends since kindergarten so we knew just about everything about each other and we loved going out together because we always attracted attention.

I was standing in the kitchen fixing another drink when the birthday boy announced that it was time for the strippers. The men would be entertained in the living room while the women would have their own entertainment in the game room. I remember thinking that this was definitely my type of party. It had been a few weeks since I last have some so it would definitely be nice to have a naked man at my beckon call. By the time I made my way into the game room Denise and 7 or 8 other women were already seated and a sexy almond colored brother in a g-string was grinding his ass on some chick's lap. As I walked over to a seat by Denise the stripper looked up and gave me a wink. 

"Don't worry," I thought. "You'll get some of my money." He worked his way around the room and when he got to me he got on his knees and put his head right between my legs. My already short skirt was riding up even further but somehow I didn't care. I could feel his breath on my pussy and I was already horny. I closed my eyes and let out a low whimper as he moved from me to Denise. Denise was ready and waiting with $5 in her hand. "I want it on the pinball machine," she said. With that he sat her on the machine then climbed on top and started grinding his dick on her. She must have really forgotten she wasn't alone because we could all see that she was wearing white thongs. 

When he was done with Denise he told us he was going to change and he'd be right back. Denise and I looked at him and gave each other looks of approval. That meant that we were definitely about to compete to see who would get to bring him home. For some reason the men in the other room started to make a lot of noise and some of the women in the room went to see what the noise was all about. Then more and more started leaving and before we knew it, Denise and I were the only ones left in the room. When our stripper came back into the room he looked more than a little happy to see that it would be just us. He hadn't changed into anything. He was completely naked, wearing only a condom.

"I guess it's just the three of us, huh?" he asked.

"Looks that way," Denise said as she looked at the door. 

"So who's first?" he asked. 

I took a bill, put it way down in my shirt and said, "I am!" With his teeth he bit my blouse and slowly started pulling it down over one of my breasts. When he saw the top of my nipple, he stuck his tongue in my shirt and started to lick. My nipples were so eager for attention that they stood up as soon as I felt his tongue. He told me how great my tits were as he moved from one breast to the other acting like he was searching for the money down my shirt. By now I'd forgotten that Denise was even in the room and started to stroke his dick. I could feel him breathing harder as he started to suck on my right nipple. I was about to take the damn shirt off when Denise smacked him on the ass and brought me back to my senses. 

He grabbed the money with his teeth, smiled at me and moved over to Denise. With his back to her, he started rubbing his ass in her lap and took her hands and ran them down his chest to his dick. With his left hand he started rubbing her pussy. He must have been hitting the right spot because Denise stopped stroking his dick, leaned back, closed her eyes and started moaning softly. I sat next to them sipping my drink trying not to look while I waited for my turn to come again. 

"What's your name," he asked. 

"Alex," I said. He looked at me and told me to put my drink down. I did. Then he took my hand and had me stroke his cock while he continued to play with Denise's pussy. With his other free hand he spread my legs, pulled my thongs to the side and stuck two of his fingers in my pussy. As he fingered my faster, I stroked his dick faster. I was once again starting to slip into my own world when I heard him tell Denise to touch my breast. 

My brain was telling me to get up and make a run for the door. It was one thing to make out with a stripper in front of my best friend but it was another thing to make out with a stripper AND my best friend! I'd never done anything like this before and, even though we'd seen each other naked many times, Denise and I have never even looked at each other sexually. At least, I know I've never looked at her. But we'd talked many times about why we didn't like women so I was pretty sure that she wouldn't do it. 

I expected to hear he refuse but instead I felt her pull my shirt down over my breast and start rubbing my nipple between her thumb and index finger. I was shocked to say the least but I was even more shocked to find that it was turning me on even more. It felt so wrong. So forbidden. I mean, here we were in a room, half naked, with some stripper we'd just met at my ex's birthday party. And to top it off my best friend was now playing with my nipple. 

My pussy was so wet that my juices were now running down his hand. "See, I knew you two liked each other," he said. "Both your pussies just got wetter." Denise and I were speechless. We couldn't even look at each other. He spoke for us. "Alex, get on your knees and suck my dick while your friend here eats your pussy." Without a word I stood up while he sat in my seat then I did just as he said and got on my knees. Whether Denise was going to eat my pussy or not I was still horny as hell and dying to taste his cock. I pulled the condom off and slowly stroked his shaft while I licked and sucked his balls. Our stripper had a nice cock. It wasn't very long but it was thick, just like I like them. He let out a deep moan as I sucked his entire shaft into my mouth. 

"Mmm, yeah, " he moaned. "Swallow that dick baby." His words only made me hotter and I began to suck harder and faster like I was hungry for his cum. I looked up and saw Denise staring at me while fingering with her pussy. I quickly turned away and focused my attention back to the cock I had in my mouth. 

"You fuckin slut," he growled. "You suck that dick like you're hungry for it. You want it don't you? You want me to cum down your throat?" Then he grabbed my hair and started rocking his hips back and forth, ramming his dick down my throat. 

My juices were now running down my thighs and I could feel my pussy throbbing, begging for some attention. Then I felt a tongue running up the inside of my thigh and lapping up the juices that were flowing from my cunt. It was Denise. 

"Fuck it," she said. "I've always wondered what pussy tastes like." She pulled my skirt up over my ass, licked up my thigh to my ass and started nibbling and licking my ass cheeks. It felt my pussy get even wetter. Then she spread my ass cheeks apart, ran her tongue down the crack of my ass to my pussy and started tongue fucking my hole. All the while our stripper is still shoving his cock down my throat. For Denise to never have eaten pussy before she was sure doing a hell of a job. She'd buried her face in my ass and was now licking and sucking my clit. 

"Ohhh yes... eat that pussy," I moaned. "You little slut. How long have you wanted to eat my pussy? Does it taste good?" My words must have turned her on because she started sucking my clit even harder. I was about to cum and from the looks of it, so was our stripper. 

"Mmm, yeah baby. Suck it just like that. Don't stop," he ordered. I was so close to orgasm, I didn't even know if I could concentrate on him anymore. Denise had found the right spot and was sucking and licking my clit so hard and fast that I knew I was going to cum in any second. She only pulled away from my pussy long enough to tell me to cum in her mouth. 

"I want to swallow all your juices," she said. Nasty talk like that always turned me on and I was more than willing to oblige as I started rocking my hips and grinding my pussy into her mouth. The harder Denise sucked my clit, the harder I sucked our stripper's cock. "Oohh... here it comes baby," he yelled. "You ready? Swallow that cum for me!" Just as he shot his load to the back of my throat, I had my own orgasm and came all over Denise's face. 

We didn't have time to bask in the afterglow though. No sooner had we finished our little episode than we heard someone walking towards the door. All the time we were in the room none of us had gotten up and locked the door. We each jumped up and assumed our proper positions. 

A second later, two women walked into the room and gave us suspicious looks which we pretended not to notice. Then a few minutes later some more women made their way into the room. Denise and I each got another dance just to make sure no one suspected anything before made our exit. Needless to say we had a long quiet ride home. What happened when we got there... that's another story.

(To be continued)