 London 1993

For a few months now I had been working a very full week in central London then every Friday evening hopping on a tube train and travelling out to West London to meet up with a girl I had known for the last year. The relationship with Dee wasn't ever going to last but we were having a lot of fun. The sex was chilled out, laid back, not exactly the porn film heights of excitement one dreams of but perfectly satisfactory. We would drink vodka and lime juice, eat pizza, hang out with other antipodeans and move from one party to the next in a happy haze. I liked the Aussie attitude to life; for a well brought up Englishman it suited me in my mid-twenties to not have any direction.

With the relationship came the introduction to her wide circle of friends and acquaintances. This short but happy story is about one of them: Lisa. Lisa was a trim blonde in her twenties with a tight body and a bubbly personality. 

One particular evening Dee, Lisa and I were sitting on the floor in the hallway of a noisy party. All three of us were feeling comfortably out of it when the drink ran out. The shopping trolleys parked in the back garden were overflowing; every cocktail imaginable to man had been made and drunk so we headed back to Dee's place. She had been renting a room off her boss in a very nice terraced house: all stripped wood floors, white paint work and African artwork; the central heating was always pumping out so when we got back shoes and socks were off and we collapsed onto the floor in the front room.

Everything was just right: the girls were still in a party mood and I was feeling very relaxed but not too sleepy. Dee switched on the TV and the girls flicked through the channels until they got to the porn channel. This was 1993 in England, so the porn was most definitely soft: all soft focus, no hard cocks or wet pussies to look at. Lisa was particularly affronted by the fact that she couldn't see any of the action.

"I mean what's the point, if you can't actually see the fucking?"

Dee agreed and laughed. If only they had known what Tom (the owner of the house) had stashed away in the cupboard in the corner. Like most blokes Tom had some real porn. I had been coming around this place for a few months now and when I was bored I had been looking through his video collection and there it had been; I had watched a sample of it: really nasty stuff, lots of anal, dp and throat fucking, wide open cunts leaking spunk. Why didn't I say something there and then? I don't know, perhaps it was some mistaken solidarity with Tom, or perhaps I didn't want to shock the girls. I mean hardcore porn isn't always the most sexy is it?

Dee agreed and laughed. "There's nothing as nice as looking at a nice hard cock."

Lisa wiggled down onto the bean bag she was settled on making her tight polka dot summer dress ride up. Her toned and tanned thighs caught my eye. I imagined for a second I could see a pair of tight white panties steadily getting damp but she was well brought up and kept her legs together.

"Especially when it's all smooth and hot. And you know the end bit? I love it when it is all shiny and tight. It just makes my pussy all creamy."

Lisa was really getting into it. It was almost as if I wasn't there. The two girls continued to talk about hard cocks, laughing at the ridiculous soft focus antics on screen. Suddenly Dee saw me watching Lisa's slender legs.

"And don't you get any ideas buster."

"What? What have I done?" I was generally surprised I had been caught out, as I thought I had been very subtle about trying to look up Lisa's dress.

"Men are such dogs aren't they? They seem to think every woman is desperate to screw them."

Lisa carefully rolled off the beanbag onto her knees and readjusted her dress, much to my annoyance. The girls both smiled at me making it clear that this was not going to suddenly turn into a threesome. I had previously wondered about Dee and whether she had any interest in girls but she had made it clear several times in conversation that she had no interest. 

I thought solemnly to myself that if this was going to go no further, I might as well head off to bed. To be absolutely honest I was shattered: the journey across town after a gruelling week at work had taken it out of me. Even if the girls had been up for a threesome, I seriously doubted whether I would have had the stamina to satisfy them. I unsteadily stood up on my aching feet.

"Well I'm going to head off to bed. See you in the morning Lisa."

"What do you think you're doing?" Dee looked at me with a mischievous grin on her face and winked at Lisa.

"What?" I stood there stupidly in my jeans and t-shirt, thinking I had missed part of the conversation.

"Well you can't leave poor little Lisa sitting here all hot and bothered. It's hardly gentlemanly is it?"

"What...what do you want me to do?" I was being obviously very dumb as I hadn't picked up on what Dee was really saying.

"I was thinking that you might want to show us your cock, as it's already looking a bit stiff isn't it Lisa?"

There was a momentary pause as I think all three of us were rather shocked by what Dee had just said. It was quite unlike her and I think even she was shocked by what she had just said. I looked down at my crotch and could see what see had meant. There was a noticeable bulge there and although I wasn't hard enough to make it uncomfortable I was aware that my cock was feeling quite thick. I caught Lisa's eye and watched Dee closely to see if she was just winding me up. It's at moments like this where the spell can be broken and everything can come crashing down around you. One poorly chosen word, one flippant remark or ill-conceived movement and before you know it, you're in bed on your own wishing you had a time machine to go back and try again. 

I stood still, like a rabbit in the headlights. Lisa smiled at Dee, who rolled off the large cushion she was lounging on and crawled towards me on her hands and knees.

"Simon's got a nice cock Lisa. Do you want to see it?"

Lisa crawled forwards as well. "Yes please. If it's okay with you."

"Of course it's okay. He won't mind."

I obviously had no say in the matter and she grabbed me by the belt and pulled me to her. With one hand steadying me she unzipped my jeans and began to try and ease my cock out of my boxer shorts for Lisa to see. But now I was getting harder and she struggled to get my cock out from my underwear and jeans.

She licked her lips. "I think we are going to have to take these trousers off if we are going to get anywhere. Here Lisa, help me."

The pair of them then began to unbuckle my belt. The button on the top of my jeans was tight and they struggled a bit, but soon enough it came loose and they began to frantically pull my jeans down around my ankles. Freed from its tight confines my cock stuck out proudly beneath the soft cloth of my boxers. The girls were on a mission now and without any fanfare they roughly pulled my boxers down allowing my cock to swing out in front of them.

"Told you he had a nice cock."

"It's beautiful." 

Lisa smiled and ran the tip of her tongue across her lower lip. 

Dee looked at Lisa and then gently took my cock in her hand and began to run her fingers up and down its length. It didn't take long for my cock to begin to lengthen and get hard. It would be perhaps normal for me to say at this point in a sex story that I was blessed with an enormous cock, but I wasn't; in fact it was just your average five to six inches, dead straight, smooth and at this point whatever you might be thinking, the star of the show.

"Can I touch it Dee, please?" Lisa looked desperate: her dress had once again ridden up slightly and she was imperceptibly rubbing her thighs together, her face was flushed and her pupils were large and dark. Dee looked at me then back at Lisa before she took Lisa's hand in hers and guided it to my hard flesh. Her cool touch sent a small electric shock through my body and my cock bobbed up as I involuntarily clenched my buttocks.

Lisa giggled and grasped my hard shaft and began to ease my foreskin up and down over my darkening helmet, whilst Dee just watched. She gripped harder and my foreskin suddenly slid right back exposing the aching head of my penis. I swallowed hard. Fuck! Was this really happening? She expertly began to wank my cock. Both girls stared intensely at my erection as the skin tightened, became hot and hard as rock.

"Look," hissed Lisa.

All three of us watched as a thick pearl of pre-come oozed from the tip of my cock. As Lisa held my shaft tight Dee leant forwards and flicked her tongue out to capture it. She swallowed theatrically and smiled at her friend. 

"Do you want to taste him?"

Lisa nodded and wiggled closer. I could now feel her hot breathe against my skin.

"Have you ever played Russian roulette blow jobs Dee?" Lisa asked.

"No, but it sounds fun."

"If you are up for it, we take turns to suck him off, thirty seconds each and then one of us eventually ends up taking the bullet and they have to swallow it all down. You up for it?"

"Sure, why not, Simon won't mind as long as he shoots his load."

"Okay, I'll start." Lisa looked up at the wall clock and when the second hand reached twelve she leant forwards and took the head of my cock in her mouth. It was hot and wet and, god it felt good, even better because my girlfriend was watching as well. Lisa didn't mess about, as her tongue flicked around my engorged penis her tiny hand pumped my shaft back and forth.

Thirty seconds felt like five and quickly she let go and sat back on her haunches. My cock was momentarily free and waved in the cool air before Dee's mouth descended upon it and repeated the process. Each time the girls swapped, they appeared to outdo each other in how deep and hard they could take my cock. First Lisa, then Dee, deeper and deeper, until Lisa was taking my whole length down her throat. Her eyes glistened and when her thirty seconds were over she gasped for air and a string of saliva connected her mouth to my pulsing hard on. Dee grabbed me and took my cock in her willing mouth, Lisa's spit adding to the squelching mess of sex. 

I wasn't going to last much longer and instinctively the girls knew it. I looked down and could see Lisa forcing her hand between her thighs so she could relieve the aching of her soaking wet pussy. I imagined for a second I could smell the sweet musty scent of her. The next time it was her turn she managed to keep one hand between her thighs and the other around my cock. Dee was also busy riding the cushion that was wedged between her legs. I strained to hold on a bit longer but it was no use. As Lisa came to the end of her allotted time, she began to remove my straining rod form her mouth just as a thick wad of spunk jetted from my hard cock. It splashed her cheek and a string of pearly thick liquid flicked across her dress. She quickly guided it back into her willing mouth to save any further mess. Dee laughed and pushed her head back down onto my cock forcing it deeper. I groaned as another spasm hit me and a second stream of hot jizz this time filled Lisa's mouth. She swallowed hard, and then hard again and again as jet after jet jerked from my body. Dee continued to press her head down onto my pulsing cock and smiled at me.

"You lucky slut."