 It had been steadily snowing since five when my front doorbell rang at ten o'clock one Wednesday evening in February. I opened the door to find a really tall young woman in her mid thirties on my doorstep. 

"Hi, I'm Joyce Early. I'm the basketball coach at Southeast University and we just had an accident with one of our vans. I'm afraid it's stuck in a snow bank."

"Come in," I said. "Come in and get out of the cold. What can I do to help?"

"Well, we haven't been able to reach a wrecker service on our cell phones-or anyone else for that matter. I was wondering if my girls could come in and keep warm until we can get someone to help?"

"Sure, no problem. Bring them right in."

"I should tell you-there's seventeen of us."

"That isn't a problem. I've got plenty of room."

She went out to the vans to notify everyone and a couple of minutes later, seventeen women traipsed into my family room. Two were the coaches, Joyce and her assistant, who'd been driving the vans. Two others were equipment managers/trainers and the rest were players. 

They tried for almost an hour to get someone to come and tow the stuck van, but were unsuccessful. While they were attempting to get help, I made a big kettle of hot chocolate and got out some cheese and crackers. But the girls told me they had already eaten. Joyce finally reached the AAA wrecker service and was informed that help wouldn't be available until the following morning. 

"You're more than welcome to stay here," I offered. "I only have two bedrooms, but the carpet in the living room is really plush. With the swimming pool showers, I have four bathrooms including the master bath, so it would work, I think." 

The house had four bedrooms, but I used one as a computer room and the other was crammed with stuff that belonged to my kids. I had the indoor pool attached to the family room when my wife was still alive.

"What do you think girls? Do you think you could sleep on the rug in the living room?" Joyce asked. 

"Not a problem, Coach," someone yelled. 

"Can we use the pool?" another girl questioned.

"You're more than welcome," I said, then added with a laugh, "Suits are optional."

The next thing I knew, I had a half dozen college-age girls splashing around my pool in their sports bras and panties. I could tell both coaches and one of the managers wanted to get in the water too. I guessed they weren't wearing heavy sports underwear, so they were reluctant to do so. 

"Almost everyone who uses this pool swims in the nude," I told Joyce. "In fact, I don't even know if I could find my swimming suit. If you would like to use the pool with the other girls, I'll leave."

Joyce looked at me for a long moment and finally said, "What the hell, it's only us guys, right?" Then looking right into my eyes, she said, "I'll go in . . . in the buff . . . if you will too."

"I don't have any problem with it," I said, getting up and taking my shirt off. 

Joyce slowly stood and unzipped the top of the sweat suit outfit she had on. When the zipper reached the end of the track, the sides of her jacket parted, revealing a see-through black bra that clearly showed her dark protruding nipples. Her tits, while on the smallish side, were nevertheless very delectable looking.

"How about you Lisa? Are you going to join us?" Joyce asked her assistant as she slipped the jacket off her arms and set it on the chair next to where I'd thrown my shirt.

Lisa was maybe a couple of years younger than Joyce. She wasn't as tall either, but my guess was that she weighed a few pounds more. 

"God yes! I love it, but if you ever tell Todd about this I'll kill you," she said laughing while she pulled her sweatshirt off over her head.

"Lisa's husband is just a wee bit possessive," Joyce giggled while she pushed her pants and panties down past her knees. Still bent over, she removed her sneakers and socks and put everything on the chair as she stood.

Joyce was a beautiful specimen of what the all-American woman athlete should look like. She had a long lean frame that was visibly muscular, but decisively feminine, with a thin waist that tapered into slightly wider hips and an ass that any woman would die for.

While my eyes traveled back and forth between the two coaches, I removed my slippers and pants 

After Lisa ripped off her sweatshirt, she unhooked her bra and released a world-class treasure. Her large breasts appeared both firm and soft at the same time and were capped with pink nipples, obviously designed to nurse babies, but worked extremely well at driving dirty old men crazy. Sitting on the chair, Lisa removed her shoes and socks and wiggled out of her sweatpants. When she stood, my eyes were riveted to the crotch of her white cotton bikini panties. I tried as hard as I could, but I just could not help staring. 

"Two things I'm going to do before I go nude swimming again," Lisa laughed and blushed when she noticed where my eyes were focused. "First, I'm going to shave off this muff-or at least trim it back. And second, I'm going on a diet."

Thick black curly pubic hair was escaping from the leg holes and across the top of her panties.

"Todd thinks pubic hair is really sexy," Lisa explained, her blush deepening. "I haven't been near a razor in the five years we've been married."

"In my opinion, you're married to a pretty smart guy," I laughed as the three of us sat on the edge of the pool before sliding into the water.

I was unaware of the hush that had invaded the pool area while the three of us were undressing. The sudden outburst of noise from the other fifteen ladies present brought me back to the here and now. I leaned into a corner at the shallow end and watched, mystified as three young women on the pool deck laughed and gleefully removed their clothes. 

Another part of the action was taking place in the water. Four of the girls who'd been swimming in their under garments were now nude and playfully tugging at the panties and bras of the other two. Within a few minutes, there were twelve of us naked in the water.

The nine college-age nymphets were huddled in the deep end, splashing and kicking excitedly when, all of a sudden, they all clambered out of the pool and started attacking the other members of their team. The nine quickly got four of the six that hadn't undressed to join them in the nude, then the thirteen surrounded the other two. 

One of these two girls was a little overweight and it appeared she was embarrassed to be nude in front of the others. I think she was blushing from the top of her head to her toes while everyone watched her undress. When she finally had all her clothes off, she walked toward the shallow end all hunched over with one hand in front of her crotch and the other arm shielding her breasts. She sat on the edge of the pool with her feet in the water near where I was standing.

"Please!! I can't go in the water," the only fully dressed teammate cried. "It's my time of the month. Please, I don't want to go swimming."

"Just get your clothes off," she was told. "You don't have to go in the water."

"I'm wearing a pad, not a tampon," the girl wailed. "Can I leave my panties on?" 

She was given permission and when she went to sit on the edge of the pool and dangle her feet in the water, she slipped and fell head first into the water.

Always the gentleman, I went over to her and helped her up and out of the water.

In her ear, I whispered, "The cabinet under the sink in the pool bathroom has feminine supplies if you need them." 

"Thank you," she said and when she returned to the pool area, she was just as exposed as the rest of us.

As I returned to my spot at the shallow end, I could see that the slightly chubby girl's eyes were glued to my personal equipment as it flopped back and forth. She had a really beautiful complexion and if she lost a few pounds, society would consider her to be very beautiful. I was in kind of a pre-erection state. When I got up close to her, I knelt beside her. 

"The view around here is pretty interesting, isn't it?" I whispered in her ear.

"I . . . I . . . I . . . " she stammered, turning beet red. "You're the first naked man I've ever seen." 

"What's your name?" I asked while smiling at her.

"Kim," she replied, keeping her eyes downcast. 

"Pleased to meet you, Kim," I said, sticking out my hand and grasping hers. 

I vigorously pumped her hand up and down, causing her breasts to bounce around. Watching her breast action, my cock stiffened another inch. Kim looked over at my dangling cock less than a foot away from her nose and blushed more deeply, if that was possible. My cock was bouncing around just as much as her boobs were. When I slipped into the water next to her, she looked me in the eyes and smiled demurely. 

"Kim is a senior and a Sports Management major," Joyce told me. "She's an excellent student of the game of basketball. She'll be a coach some day." "Well, she certainly knows how to keep her eyes on the action," I said, winking at Kim and giving her a friendly jab with my elbow to her shoulder. 

Now, I had gone swimming with naked women before. But never with so many women at once and especially not when I was the only guy. I saw all sizes and shapes of tits and bushes. Four of the ladies had their pussies shaved bald. I was in paradise. I watched every single female in the place as discreetly as possible, burning the memory of each into my mind.

Later, I found almost enough towels for everyone. It was way after midnight when everyone started to look for a place to sack out. The girls and managers staked out the plush carpet in the living room and the coaches took the big king-sized bed in the guestroom. I went to my own room.

It was a funny thing being naked. Everyone seemed to lose all their inhibitions in the pool, not seeming to care if some stranger was ogling them and looking at their private parts. But once out of the water, every single one of them covered up and reverted back to the expected behavior for young women in public. To me, it was a really strange phenomenon.

The next morning, I had bacon, sausage, and ham in the freezer and I made up as many pancakes as I had ingredients for. We managed to make the food stretch and got everyone fed. The tow truck guys said they would have the van out by noon and the majority of the girls just slept until it was time to go. However, six of the young ladies took another nude swim. This time it wasn't horseplay, but lap swimming for exercise. Kim, Lisa, Joyce, and I sat at a table by the pool, drinking coffee and watching the other girls in the water.

"If I'm not being too nosey, how do you happen to have an indoor swimming pool?" Joyce asked.

"My wife needed it for exercise," I answered. "She died last year, but before she got really sick, she enjoyed the luxury of swimming year around. It was hard for her to get out to the community pool, so we had this one added."

"So you agree with my husband that pubic hair is sexy?" Lisa asked me, stunning the rest of us with her interjection of such a personal subject matter into our conversation.

Somewhat flustered by the nature of the question, I stammered a little when I said, "I like the natural look of hair. Most of the time, the shaved off part has stubble or rough skin, and I just don't think it looks as good." 

"Lots of women don't want hair showing around their bikini bottoms," Joyce added.

"True," Lisa said. "I've avoided wearing a swimsuit in public ever since my wedding." 

"I understand the trimmed look and the reason for shaving off the hair growing down the inside of your thighs, but trimming isn't the same as shaving. It's my opinion that guys who like completely shaved pubes secretly have a thing for young girls. Me, I like my women mature enough to grow hair. A beautiful picture needs a nice frame the same way a beautiful vulva needs a nice covering of natural hair."

"I hope Todd can adjust his fetish, so he feels that way," Lisa said. "After this experience, I would really like mine trimmed back."

"Maybe it would help if you asked Todd to do it for you. I understand a lot of guys get off helping girls trim or shave," I added

"You might be right. I'll talk to him about it when we get home," Lisa laughed. 

"If you like your women au natural, does that mean you like women to let their pits and leg hair grow long as well as their pubes?" Joyce asked. 

"I think I can go either way on that," I laughed. "What I really mean by a woman being natural is-I like a woman to be herself. I think most women shave to please somebody else and not necessarily some guy. Most women spend way too much time plucking their eyebrows, shaving body hair, applying makeup, applying perfume-all that kind of stuff to make themselves match the media standard for beauty. Those women are missing the point of what true beauty really is. Your genes control how big your boobs grow. You don't need enhancements and you don't need to color your hair or paint your nails. All that said, the bottom line is that women should do what they want to. If they want to do all that stuff to their bodies, that's fine, they should do it. But it should be a woman's choice to do it, not someone else's requirement. You should be in good physical shape, because you want to be in good physical shape, not because society says you should-or worse yet, because some guy says you should."

"I can't disagree with that," Joyce said.

"Me either," Kim and Lisa chimed in.

Then the people from AAA called and said they had the van out and ready to go. After the team was all packed up and everyone had left, I was left home alone with a hard-on and a lot of great memories.

A week or so later, I got a thank you note signed by all the girls and a nice letter from Joyce. Sometime in April, she called to say she would be conducting a basketball camp for young girls in my area during the end of June. 

"I'm going to be there for five days. My new assistant, Kim Worthy, will be with me and we will be bringing two or three members of the team. Lisa, my old assistant, is pregnant and expecting twins next October. The funny thing is she told her husband, Todd, about swimming nude at your house and I understand he helped her trim back her pubic hair. I think she got herself pregnant that night."

"That's really wild. Then I take it he likes the trimmed back pussy just as much as the wild woolly kind," I said, laughing so hard tears came to my eyes.

"I guess he must," Joyce laughed. 

When we both calmed down enough to talk once again, I suggested, "Why don't you guys stay with me while you put on your clinic?" 

"I was hoping you would ask," Joyce responded.

Late June arrived and one Sunday afternoon so did my guests. I prepared in advance and stocked plenty of food and snacks. I also purchased half a dozen inflatable mattresses. The first thing they did upon arrival was ask me if they could use the pool. 

"Same rules as before, ladies," I chuckled. "You are welcome to swim at any time. However, please don't swim alone and remember suits are optional." 

"Are you going to join us?" Joyce asked as she started to remove her clothes. 

"Don't have any reason not too," I laughed and joined the circle of young ladies slowly getting undressed before me.

It took me by surprise when I recognized Kim Worthy, the new assistant coach, was the same overweight equipment manager from last winter. The girl had lost a great deal of weight. My eyes were drawn to her as she slowly stripped in front of me.

"Do you remember me?" Kim asked once down to her bra and panties. Reaching in back to unhook her bra, she looked me in the eyes and shyly said, "I've thought about you a lot."

"You have changed some," I smiled. "As I recall, last February you blushed a lot."

"I've worked out and dieted every single day since we were here," Kim said. "I have you to thank . . . I know you didn't say anything to me directly, but your whole attitude was an inspiration. Anyhow, Joyce has hired me as her assistant." 

While she was talking, she also removed her panties, then stood tall and walked over to me.

"Thank you," she said. Standing up on her tiptoes, she pressed her glorious body against mine and planted an open-mouth kiss on my lips. "I also remember you told Lisa you thought pubic hair was sexy, so just for you I've let mine grow."

Her kiss was arousing, but her comments were the real turn-on. When my member started swelling, she ground her hips against mine just enough to cause my cock to stand at full attention. She broke the kiss, keeping her hips tight against mine, and leaned back, smiling like the proverbial cat that got the canary. 

"I need to cool down," I said, both laughing and blushing. "Last one in the water is a rotten egg." And I jumped into the water, but not before my fully erect penis was on display for the pleasure of all those gathered.

We all swam and splashed around for a while, then I moved into the hot tub that had just recently been completed. Joyce joined me and we both sat relaxing in the hot bubbling water. 

I eyed one of the college girls, a tall African-American. She had an amazing body. Her big, firm breasts topped her physically fit frame. Her broad muscular shoulders tapered down to a narrow waist and almost boyish hips. Her tight kinky hair was cut short around her oval face, which was made beautiful by her infectious smile. The droplets of water clinging to her sleek ebony body made her glisten. I was sporting a hard-on watching her when, all of a sudden, I felt Joyce grab hold of my dick. 

"Pretty impressive, isn't she?" Joyce asked. "Maybe I better stand guard over you tonight. I wouldn't want one of my charges to be assaulted."

"I would never do that," I said. "But, just in case, I think it would be a good idea if you kept your eye-and maybe even your hand-on me. We wouldn't want any harm to befall them. I want everyone to feel safe. Do you think maybe you should tie me up?" 

"I'll just hold you down with my superior body," Joyce said. "That way you'll be able to wiggle, but you'll never get out to hurt someone."

"If he's going to hurt anyone, it's going to be me," Kim said, having quietly joined us in the hot tub. She pressed her impressive body against my other side and her hand joined Joyce's on my stiff manhood. "You'll have to fight me to get him all to yourself, Coach. I want just a little bit of him."

At this point, the three players joined us in the hot tub and Joyce introduced them. Mercury was the tall black girl I had been ogling earlier. Samantha was another tall, husky girl with light brown hair. And Becky was an olive-skinned, dark-haired beauty. By comparison, Becky was short. She was only about five-seven or eight, while everyone else was at least five-eleven.

Kim and Joyce were damn near sitting on my lap, snuggling as close as possible on either side of me.

"You guys fighting about who gets to fuck him first?" Becky asked with a giggle as she moved in close to Samantha and snuggled up underneath her arm. Sam's hand cupped one of Becky's firm little tits.

"If there's going to be some fucking going on here this week, can I get in on it?" Mercury asked. "I haven't had any action since school let out."

"As far as I'm concerned," Samantha added, "the three of you can duke it out. As you know, I'm not of that persuasion."

"Make it a four way contest," Becky chimed in. "I like a little raw meat once in a while."

"Well . . . it wouldn't be ladylike of us to fight over our host," Joyce said. "He's only got one dick-albeit a splendid one that is currently standing tall. I don't think it would be fair for us to ask him to pick one of us over another. So . . . maybe I'll just pull rank and keep him all to my little old self."

"That's bullshit," Kim said. "Let's horsengoggle him off."
