 Part IX

Playing Man Coverage

Keith Cole had just settled into his easy chair to watch some golf on television. Really, there wasn't much else on this time of day and he was all alone. Kevin was out of the house at practice, his wife was out of town at a conference, and his daughter -- who was still sleeping upstairs -- had said she had plans to go out shopping. Even if it was only golf, he had his imported beer and his salty snacks, and was ready to enjoy the alone time, when suddenly, there was a knock on the door.

"Shit!" he muttered, getting up out of his favorite chair and walking over to the front door. He opened the door and was surprised to see the young girl from next door standing on his doorstep. She was wearing a red nylon bikini top. Down below, she wore a short, black and red plaid skirt, which nicely complimented her long, shapely legs.

"Hi, Dr. Cole," Joey said bubbly. She liked the approving way that his hungry eyes quickly devoured her young body. When his eyes finally met hers, Joey could tell by the way they quickly diverted to the side, that he was embarrassed at having watched her semi-pubic display the other night.

"Uh, hi," he stammered, "Hi there, uh..."

"Joey," she bubbled, extending her hand to shake his, "from next door."

"Uh, yeah, right," he said, taking her hand and shaking it lightly. He was impressed at how soft and delicate her paw was. Strangely, it seemed as though she didn't want to take it back.

"Uh, Kevin's not here. He's out at basketball practice." That clinches it, she thought. She knew that there was no way he could have known that she was here to see Kevin, and not his daughter, Kaci. She seriously doubted that either Kevin or Kaci had told their father what they had been up to the past few days. He had to have been the one who was in the darkened booth last night.

"Oh, that's all right," she said flightily. "I actually came to see if Kaci wanted to come next door and swim in our pool."

"Ohhh, Kaci!" Dr. Cole said loudly, as though he had been reminded of his own name. "Oh, uh, she's still upstairs sleeping," he added, belatedly. "She should be waking up soon."

"Can I come in and wait for her?" Joey asked.

"Uh, sure," he said hospitably. He opened the door wider, and stepped back. As Joey entered his house, her right arm accidentally brushed up against him. He saw that she was smiling as she watched his confused reaction through the corner of her eyes as she passed by and then stood in the entry way, waiting for her host to catch up to her.

Dr. Cole closed the door nervously, and walked over to where she was standing. He walked back to his chair, leading her in the direction of the entertainment center. "Would you like something to drink while you wait?" he asked, looking at the television screen to see who was teeing off.

"No, thanks, Dr. Cole," she said. "What're you watching?" she asked, sitting in the center of the couch.

"Uh, just some golf," he said, somewhat off guard. He was staring absentmindedly at Joey who was sitting on the couch cross-legged. The hem of her skirt was so short that it ended up in her lap. Joey purposely didn't tuck her hands into her lap and Dr. Cole could just barely make out the crotch of her matching bikini panties underneath.

"Did you play sports in college?" she asked. Her eyes deliberately scanned him from head to toe, so that he would notice her checking him out.

"Yeah, I played a little basketball," he lied, looking at her nervously. He was intimidated by her ravenous sexual appetite.

"I thought so," she purred, "you're still in pretty good shape. Do you work out?" she asked. 

"Yeah," he said, "A few times a week. Not as much as I'd like. You know how that goes."

"Yeah," Joey said, opening her legs and spreading them wide to either side of her body, as though doing the splits. She leaned first one way, then the next, stretching her slim torso and long legs. "If I don't stretch my legs before I do anything physical, they cramp up on me."

Dr. Cole stared at the young tart stretching put on his couch. Joey was slowly running her fingertips up and down her long legs, from her ankles to her upper thighs, intentionally disrupting her skirt and giving him quick flashes of her bikini crotch.

"Gawd, how embarrassing," she forced a blush.

"What?" he asked.

"I think I gave myself a wedgie." Joey lifted the hem of her skirt with her right hand, and then slowly ran the fingertips of her left hand up and down the crotch of her bikini bottom, all the while staring Dr. Cole in the eyes.

When she had his undivided attention, she reached around the hem of her bikini bottom and tugged gently, pulling it away from her crotch. She crooked her thumb around the other edge and pulled them together, pulling the fabric in a small circular motion, as she closed her eyes and bit on her lower lip.

"Mmmmm . . ." she purred. "That's better." She opened her eyes and saw Dr. Cole staring at her lustfully. She smiled at him, and then drew the fabric flat against her crotch again using both hands.

"Tell me," she said, pulling her legs in front of her and wrapping her arms around her bent knees, putting her crotch on display, "if we were to play a game of basketball, do you think you could score on me?"

Dr. Cole was now thoroughly embarrassed. "No, of course not," he stammered. "You're much too young for me -- I mean, you're in much better shape than I am."

"Oh, pish," Joey said, dropping her feet to the floor and standing up. "I bet you've still got what it takes to sink a few baskets." She was walking directly at him. When she reached his feet, she turned abruptly and walked around the back of his chair.

"You against me? One on one?" she said demurely, leaning over the back of his chair, and running her hands over his broad shoulders and forearms. "I bet you'd pound me into the ground," she said softly.

Dr. Cole didn't know what to think or to say. Did she know that it was me in the booth last night? Could she see me? All he knew was that he was getting terribly excited. He could feel his cock start to swell as he inhaled her sweet perfume.

"Or maybe how about golf?" she said, looking over his shoulder at the Master's tournament on the big screen. "Maybe I could come over after school, and you could show me how to use your driver," she purred. "Judging by the looks of things, maybe you could show me your . . . oh, . . . . what is that . . . about 8 or 8 ½, maybe 9 iron? or is that wood?"

She stood back up and walked around the side of his chair, standing next to him, and looking at the tent in the front of his shorts. "I tell you what, you bring your wood and I'll bring my own glove." She bent down and picked up his hand, holding it in hers. "You've got big hands. You know what they say about guys with big hands. It might be a little snug," she bantered.

"Look, uh, Joey," Dr. Cole cleared his throat. "I'm not sure what your game is..."

"It's basketball, remember?" she interrupted. "I told you that last night."

Dr. Cole's heart stopped. Oh shit! She knows it was me! "Last night?" he recovered, shifting his weight in his easy chair. "I didn't see you last night."

"That wasn't you?" she replied innocently.

"No, uh, of course not," he stammered. "You must be thinking of someone else."

"Oh," she said pertly. "Maybe. My mistake." She let go of his hand. "I'm not so sure, though. I thought it was you. But speaking of someone else, I'd better go upstairs and check on Kaci. Do you mind if I wake her up? I promise I'll be gentle."

Before he could answer, Joey had already turned on her heel and was crossing the room to the stairs. Halfway across the room, she paused and looked over at him, catching his eyes following her out. "Are you sure that wasn't you last night?" "I like to keep my promises."

"No, no, I'm sure you're mistaken," he answered, glad to have extricated himself from the situation without too much trouble.

"Okay," she sang wistfully, "But you don't know what you're missing." Joey took to the steps, two at a time, as she bounded up the stairs towards Kaci's room.

Joey opened Kaci's door slowly, quietly peeking inside, so as not to disturb her sleep. Hearing her deep breaths, Joey knew that Kaci was still resting from the night before. She quietly crept inside, mindful of leaving the bedroom door ajar behind her.

Standing beside the bed, Joey cooed at the gentle image of Kaci all balled up beneath her heavy comforter. "Awww . . . ." she purred, taking hold of one edge of the thick blanket, and gently pulling it off of Kaci's nestled form.

Suddenly deprived of her comforter, Kaci's body instinctively reacted. She squirmed on the barren bed sheet, switching from facing from the right, to the left. It was understandable that her unconscious mind would notice the difference in skin temperature, since she was clothed only in a t-shirt and cotton panties.

Joey smiled down at her, and softly ran her middle fingertip on the outside of Kaci's uppermost thigh. As expected, Kaci kicked her leg out, as though getting rid of a bug, and then rolled over onto her back.

Now stretched out on the bed, Kaci sank back into a deep slumber, unaware that Joey had crawled up on the bed, positioning herself on her stomach between Joey's legs. Joey carefully reached up and pulled the crotch of Kaci's panties away, exposing her neatly shaved cunt.

Stifling a giggle, Joey leaned in and kissed her snatch ever-so-softly, barely even touching Kaci's tender skin. Joey looked up at Kaci from her nesting position between her thighs. No reaction. Joey smiled broadly, and leaned in again to kiss her tender twat. This time, Joey kissed her a little harder, pressing her lips against Kaci's warm flesh.

Still no reaction. Boy, she's really out! Joey figured. She must have had quite a wild time last night. Of course, little did Joey know the whole story; how Kaci, Brian and Kevin had confronted Joey's basketball coach, and how they had each made love to her on film, capturing the coach's first lesbian relationship on videotape for use in leveraging Joey back onto the team.

All Joey knew was that Kaci was enjoying getting eaten out on a subconscious level. Still fast asleep, Kaci's pussy was juicing up under Joey's attentions, and her cunt lips were starting to swell with blood.

Joey was giggling at Kaci's unconscious responses, and started to wonder if she could make her cum in her sleep, when Kaci suddenly let out a low, guttural groan.

"Ohhhh...." she muttered, deep in her throat.

Joey paused for a moment, not wanting to wake Kaci up; not yet anyway. Joey watched as Kaci's head switched to the other side, wondering what -- or who -- she was dreaming of. Joey leaned forward again, and wrapped her thin lips around Kaci's swollen clit, watching Kaci's reaction closely.

"Mmmm...." Kaci muttered, instinctively bringing her hands down between her legs, landing them on the back of Joey's head. Resolving that she had been found out, Joey abandoned all pretense of subterfuge, and snaked her tongue deep inside Kaci's juicy cunt. 

"Oh gawd," Kaci groaned, her back arching out and her hands pressing firmly against her attacker's head, urging her mysterious lover onward. "Yes...."

Joey brought her tongue out of Kaci's warm slit, and pressed the tip on the underside of Kaci's clit, while she pressed down on it with her lips, sucking it firmly into the front of her mouth.

"Oh gawd," she groaned, "Put it inside me."

Complying with her request, Joey stuck her finger in Kaci's tight slit, enjoying the feel as it sank deeper and deeper inside her fleshy pink channel.

"Oh gawd, it feels so good . . . ." she moaned.

Just then, Joey's eyes darted to the left, and saw the shadow of a figure standing in the hallway, just outside the door. She smiled inwardly, with her mouth still on Kaci's cunt, knowing that Kaci's father was standing there, listening to his daughter getting eaten out, wondering who was making love to whom. 

Joey released Kaci's clit and crawled up her body. Sensing a presence, Kaci's eyes opened, and saw Joey kneeling above her. Listening to her body and realizing in an instant what was happening, Kaci lifted her head and opened her mouth, inviting Joey to kiss her. 

Joey made sure to kiss her wetly, making a lot of noise for the benefit of Dr. Cole. Adding to the eroticism, Joey and Kaci were groaning deep in their throats, as they shared their heated kiss.

"Good morning, Sleepyhead," Joey chided, breaking their kiss.

"Mmmm . . . what are you doing here?" Kaci asked groggily. "I thought I was dreaming."

"What were you dreaming?" Joey purred, maneuvering her body to entice one nipple, and then the other, into her mouth.

Kaci blushed deep red. "I was dreaming of you," she said.

"Bullshit," Joey laughed, maneuvering lower, and flicking her tongue over Kaci's clit. Kaci's hip bucked forward abruptly at the contact as she inhaled sharply. "Who were you thinking of?"

"I was thinking about you," Kaci insisted, bringing her right hand down to the back of Joey's head, drawing her tongue deeper, as her hips thrust up against her mouth. "Ohmygawd, right there," she moaned.

Joey redoubled her efforts and soon had Kaci orgasming on her tongue, as she twisted and squirmed on the bed. 

"Damn! I love when you do that!" Kaci said, laughing, out of breath, as she pulled Joey up for another kiss. "And I love tasting my pussy on your lips," she urged, reaching under Joey's skirt and massaging her pussy through her bikini bottoms.

Just then, the doorbell rang loudly downstairs. Joey looked out of Kaci's bedroom door, and saw that the figure in the hallway had left. She could barely make out footsteps making their way down the carpeted hall and stairs. Right on time, she thought.

"Sorry, hon," Joey told Kaci, "We don't have time for that right now." She kissed her softly on the cheek. "Why don't you go take a shower?"

"Only if you join me," Kaci purred.

"Okay, but just for a minute," she replied.

Meanwhile, downstairs, Dr. Cole had answered the door, and much to his surprise, when he opened the door, he was greeted by another oddly familiar face.

"Kevin Baby!" the voice screamed loudly.

Dr. Cole was confused at first. It took a while to place the woman standing in front of him, dressed in a bright pink bikini and open over-shirt, extending her arms out over her head towards him.

The blonde stepped forward and wrapped her arms around him, hugging him firmly, as his mind raced. Oh shit! he finally realized. It's the girl from the bookstore! He instantly pulled back and took a close look at her face. It was her all right.

"Kevin Honey! Don't you recognize me?" she beamed. "It's Candy! Maybe this will jog your memory!" she squealed, pulling her bikini cups away from her breasts, exposing herself on his doorstep.

"Yes! Yes, come in!" he said quickly, pulling her in by the arm, in case anyone was watching. He closed the door quickly behind them and watched as Candy stood there, in his house, giggling uncontrollably.

"What are you doing here?" he asked curiously, but trying not to sound defensive. "How did you find me?"

"Oh, I wasn't looking for you," she said, "I came looking for Joey. She said she was going next door to invite her friend to come over and swim. But when she didn't come back, I got a little lonely. So I decided to see what she was doing."

"Really?!" he asked, unconvinced by her story, but having nothing else to go on. "Well, what a coincidence!" 

"What's a coincidence?" Joey asked loudly from the top of the stairs. Dr. Cole's head swung around and looked up her as she came down the steps. She was soaking wet, dressed only in her bikini. She had lost her plaid miniskirt.

"JOEEEY!" Candy squealed, "This is Kevin! This is the guy who was in the booth last night! What a coincidence!" 

"He is?!" Joey asked, her voice raised. She was enjoying the look of shock and desperation on his face. She had caught him in a lie.

"Of course he is, silly!" Candy said, hamming it up. "Remember? You said that you wanted to meet him last night. And here he is!"

"Last night?!" Joey pretended. "What happened last night?"

"Last night!" Candy squealed again. "Don't you remember?" She tugged at the drawstrings of her beach bag, and reached in. "Maybe this will help jog your memory," she said, pulling out the large, pink double-headed dildo.

"After you made me cum with this lovely thing shoved up my ass, you said that you were going to go down on him, remember?!" Candy pleaded.

"Oh, yeah," Joey said, feigning slow recognition as she walked up to Dr. Cole. "Now I remember." She was standing right in front of him, dripping wet. "Sorry about your carpet," she rasped. "It seems that whenever I'm around you, I get all wet." She put her hands on his chest.

"Do you remember me now?" she asked, backing him up into the kitchen.

"Uh, yes," he admitted nervously.

"Did you like what you saw?" she asked, still backing him into the other room.

"Yes."

"Do you remember what I said I was going to do after I made Candy cum?"

"Yes," he stammered.

"What did I say?" she demanded.

"You said that after you made her cum, you were going to . . . " his voice trailed away.

"That's right," she purred. "Candy," she asked, "Did I make you come last night?"

"Several times," she purred, stepping up close to them. Candy and Joey kissed each other, right in front of Dr. Cole.

"You know what that means, don't you?" Joey asked rhetorically. She stood up on her tip toes and kissed Dr. Cole on the lips.

"But Kaci's right upstairs . . . " he implored, as Candy stood behind Joey, undoing the bikini draw string on the back of Joey's neck and back. Candy pulled the heavy, wet fabric off of Joey's chest and let it fall to the floor, where it slapped noisily. Then, pressing against her back, Candy smiled at Dr. Cole over Joey's shoulder as she reached around and cupped Joey's firm young breasts, pulling on the already erect nipples.

"Oh, I don't think you have to worry about her," Joey said coyly, turning her head to the right to kiss Candy on the mouth. They both looked at him, their cheeks pressed together, smiling, before Candy excused herself, walking out of the kitchen towards the staircase, carrying the double-headed dildo with her.

Candy paused at the doorway, turning her body to look at Joey and Dr. Cole, standing in the kitchen, still sizing each other up. "Don't worry," she said, "She won't be coming downstairs for quite a while." She winked, turned, then walked out of the room.

"Well, it looks like we're all alone, now," Joey sighed, beaming up at Dr. Cole. She held her arms out to the side, with her palms facing up, then let them fall back down to her sides, slapping her wet skin.

"What do you think we should do?" she asked, stepping into him, and putting her hands on his chest, undoing the middle buttons of his shirt. She pushed him back against the island in the center of the kitchen. 

"I was going to fuck Candy, but she's not here anymore," Joey sighed dramatically, undoing the rest of his buttons, and pulling his shirt out from his shorts. "Y'know, Candy says that you have a nice, big dick," she said, tugging on his button clasp, and undoing his zipper.

Opening his shorts, she began to stroke Dr. Cole's large bulge through his white briefs. "Mmmm . . . looks like she was right." She bent her knees and began kissing his throbbing cock through his underwear. She heard him groan as her warm, wet mouth wrapped around his pronounced bulge.

"Y'know, she also said that you're kinda shy. She said that in all the time that you've been coming to see her, you've never let her have sex with you. It's too bad, too, from the feel of it, your cock is even bigger than Kevin's, and I should know," she added.
