 The girls' arms held me a little tighter, and mine held them tighter. Marge grinned at me and asked: 

"Will you be safe in their arms?"

"I'll risk it."

We all snickered. I thought that Petra might reach for my cock again, but she didn't. Anna had a more practical thought, telling Marge that the card-key to their room was in the pocket of her dress and telling her their room number. We three exchanged smiles with Marge as she found her sandals. As she wished us "good night" with a smirk, she added to me: 

"Oh, wait for me before you go to breakfast."

I nodded, and we three grinned and said "good night," and then she was gone.

The girls looked up at me with grins, and we all held each other closer again, my arms drawing them around in front of me. Their other arm slipped around the other's waist, drawing their hips together. 

I'm getting carried away again, for the most obvious reason, recalling the details of the rest of the night and the morning. Leaving out most of the details and descriptions of the arousing sensations: 

We found our half empty glasses and emptied them, and went to bed - Marge's, which hadn't suffered three wet, female orgasms. The girls both wanted to play with my cock, eventually agreeing that one could suck it until the other one, sitting on my face, insisted on sliding down to be fucked and have her muschi licked. The other one extracted her promise that they would do it the other way in the morning. 

Did I enjoy it?! Having my cock sucked while licking a young, shaven muschi?! And then more being fucked by than fucking that tight young muschi, while it was being licked, also my balls?! Indescribable!!

We moved to go to sleep. I had a girl under each arm, one of their thighs on mine and their hands between them, sharing holding my cock and balls. Petra, who had generously let Anna go first, reminded her that we were going to do it again in the morning. As I was falling asleep, I wondered if I should thank the young men for letting me share their experience with the girls. I probably should have thought about Marge's being with them, but I didn't.

To my surprise, we were still lying pretty much the same way in the early morning, probably from the effects of the alcohol and all our orgasms. When we were all awake, Petra immediately reminded Anna again that it was her turn. But first, we all had to go to the bathroom. 

After that interruption, it was a little strange to get back in bed with them, all of us knowing what we were going to do, but without any aroused, erotic feelings. Petra didn't let that bother her, remarking again: "Now it's my turn." as she immediately moved to straddle my face. Anna moved down and fondled my soft cock and slack sack. 

Erotic and aroused feelings soon developed, however - of course! We did it all again. Anna didn't lick my balls, but that didn't occur to me until it was all over; it was still indescribably good.

Very pleased with ourselves, we lay as we had before, chuckling warmly. They again fondled my now soft cock and my balls in my very slack sack, and I fondled their breasts. When I remarked that it was a little funny to be holding two different breasts, they chuckled, and Petra replied: 

"About as funny as both of us to be holding you." 

Anna nodded on my shoulder, and they both fondled me a little more intensively for a moment. Then Anna snorted and asked: 

"I wonder what happened in our room."

Petra and I snorted, and we agreed that we hoped it had been as good as with us. That suggested that it was time to get up. We joked about showering together, but three of us together wasn't practical. I said that I would shave while the two of them did. Behind the shower curtain, there was chuckles and giggles, while I shaved at the washbasin for a change. 

Two clean, almost innocent looking girls reappeared, grinning at me. Petra smirked and remarked: 

"Oh! A naked man!"

We all laughed. I handed them towels and started my shower. They weren't in the bathroom when I stepped out to dry myself. When I returned to the room, they were already dressed. I suppose that I could have expected that, but hadn't, suddenly feeling very naked. I guess my expression showed it; the girls grinned and this time Anna spoke: 

"Oooh! A naked man!"

"As if I didn't know," I replied, returning their grins.

"A very nice naked man," Petra remarked with a sweet smile. Anna nodded.

"Maybe you should go to breakfast, ... and don't smirk or grin too much."

"We'll try not to," Anna agreed. Petra nodded, but they both smirked and grinned, and left the room, thinking to ask me to tell Marge good morning from them.

As I dressed, I chuckled to myself, thinking: old man, that's never going to happen again, having sex with three young women in one night! I sat down and picked up the newspaper, waiting for Marge. 

Nothing in the paper could distract me from wondering how her night had been. How surprised had the men been to find her instead of the girls in their room? Of course, they would have gone to the girls' room with the anticipation of sleeping with them. And then? Marge had apparently been anticipating that they would, wanting them to with her, knowing about what the girls and I would doing. And we sure had! But had they - and how?! 

A few minutes later the door open and she appeared, snorting, giving me a wry smile, and smirking, then asking: 

"Are they gone?"

"I sent them to breakfast, already dressed when I came from my shower."

"Hm-hmm! That's not going to happen again."

"What I was thinking after they left."

"Hmm? Like me, three times in one night."

"With three different persons."

She was already undressed and nodded, remarking: 

"I need a shower. Oh, I wasn't raped; I was wanting it, going there. You had good time?"

"Very, but you first, we only did what you probably expected."

"Hmm! Only?! Come with me."

I followed her into the bathroom, sitting on the toilet while she started her shower and told: 

"Oh, we had a very good time, just to clarify that. But suddenly on the way to their room, I realized that I had expecting it to be like in a dream: that they would immediately know what I wanted, but, of course, it couldn't be like that. They were going to be surprised to find me there: lots of questions and explaining. At least, I had time to think about that, waiting for them, naked in one of the beds, yeah, half sitting with the covers just covering my nipples."

"I'll try to imagine their surprise."

"Oh, it was great, but they didn't look displeased, asking the obvious question. I told them about having drinks with the girls in our room and that the conversation got more interesting, especially when one of them mentioned that she like your cock better - ones like yours, more fun to play with. They immediately snickered and one said 'Petra.' I nodded, and we all smirked. 

"They then asked why I was there, which made it easy for me tell that she had told us what they had done together Thursday night, and how good it was. More smirks and snickers as they nodded. I left out what we had then done and made it sound like Petra wanted to do that with you and me. Hmm! Had to clarify that I had no problem with doing something with her. They liked that."

"Like I do - and the girls."

"Um-hmm! They like that they do, of course, or it wouldn't have happened. Then I explained that the suggestion for Anna to go back to their room and wait for them was counter to their agreement to always stay together. 'So here I am instead,' I finished. Did the covers just slip down from my breasts, or did I help them?"

"Hm-hm-hmm! I'm sure it didn't make any difference to them."

"No! I guess that was when they really understood why I was there. As they started undressing, of course, one asked what you and the girls were going to do. 'Play with his cock I suppose, the best way they know how,' I replied, adding: 'I think like Thursday night with you.' They grinned with humming chuckles, and one said: "Lucky man!' I replied: 'And lucky girls, both of them, I hope.'"

"Oh, I sure was, and I think both of them were. Petra said that Anna could go first, with the promise that she would get her turn. She got it this morning. While Petra sucked my cock, Anna sat on my face - nice young muschi, if you don't mind my saying so."

"Hm-hmm! Of course not. Petra's was, too. And?"

"Until Anna insisted on being fucked - well, more fucking me - ..."

"In her 'nice young muschi'! Lucky you!" Marge interjected.

"Like the men said! Yours is too. Oh, and Petra didn't just lick her, she also licked my balls. Anna didn't do that this morning, but it was just as good, all over again, licking Petra's muschi and then fucking ..."

"In her 'nice young muschi'," she interjected again.

"Yes, but I didn't want to say that again."

Marge had finished her shower and was drying herself, smirking and grinning at me. She snorted and replied: 

"Just to get even: and their nice young cocks."

"Fair enough; this was also about not too much, two weeks ..., you know."

"Oh, I told them about that, and they agreed. That was as we were about to go to sleep."

"But not before ...?"

"Hmmm! Hm-ummm! I wasn't sure how we would do it. They understood what I wanted, but I had doubts if one of them would want to lick my muschi while another cock was so near, but when I said that I wanted to suck one of theirs .... By then they had taken turns going to the bathroom and washing a little, and I had flung back the covers, and their cocks both looked like they wanted to be sucked. 

"Anyway, that was no problem. Don't know if they had done that with the girls, but one immediately dropped down on the bed, offering me his cock, and drawing my hips closer. Hmmm! He sure knew what to do! The other one did too, this morning, and neither was bothered by the other's cock being in my muschi."

"Enough details, or we won't go to breakfast."

"Oh, we shall; I need a good breakfast, also a little time to forget what it's like to have two men making it good for me."

"Same for me, the other way."

We grinned, and I watched her finish getting dressed, including a bra. As she explained: 

"I don't want them to show if they pop out when I see them."

We chuckled and went down to breakfast. Most of the other guests had already finished, but the girls and young men were sitting together at one end of them room. We chose a table further away. When they saw us, we all smiled broadly and nodded. Anna seemed equally involved in their low pitched conversation. As we sat down, I asked Marge: 

"Did they pop out?"

"Not really. Hm-hmm! Wonder what their version is like."

"Hopefully as good as ours, plus what you didn't tell them."

"Hm-hmm! They'll understand and like to hear that too."

"Oh, how was their evening in the casino?"

"I have no idea. Maybe the girls have asked."

I've gotten carried away again. It will probably happen again.

Lying on the beach that morning, I had no fears that my cock would respond to my enjoying the sight of shaven pussies or my comparing them with Petra's and Anna's muschis, as I recalled the way I had seen them, not just seen them. I was complimenting myself on my good luck and the fact that young girls had wanted to play with my cock every way they could and had enjoyed it as much as I had. My pleasant reverie was interrupted by Marge, who apparently had also been recalling her experiences with the young men: 

"Hmm? Oh, it was good, real good, but a couple of times I suddenly wondered about myself; recognizing that I was enjoying sex with two men, like in some videos, ones that I had thought weren't very complimentary of the woman. You know how I mean."

She glanced over at me with wry smile. I returned it, nodding with a shrug. After a moment, she added: 

"I guess I shouldn't think about them that way, not if I have to admit that I went to their room wanting it to happen and enjoying that it did."

"I guess not. I feel about the same way about those videos, thinking it could never happen in real life, but it did, ... and for you."

"Hmm! And as good as in them, and for you too, like in some other videos?"

"Um-hmm. Even better; we know we all really came, while in those videos, you can only be sure the cumshot was an orgasm."

"And that only for viewers to see. Where ever his cock was, she would rather have it come in her."

"Like you would."

"And he would."

"Mmmm! For sure!"

We grinned at each other. Then she remarked:

"Yes, no. Hmm? Maybe women aren't so different, just a little surprising to discover that at the first opportunity I would immediately offer to go sleep with two men I hardly knew."

"Hmm! Well, you 'know' them now, or in the Bible is it always just the man who 'knows' a woman?"

"Hm-hmm! Same difference."

"And besides, it was also to avoid our just making too much love for two weeks."

"Hmm! A really good excuse. Thanks for reminding me."

Marge turned her head and grinned at me and then suggested that we swim. 

We did, competing a little, as we had before. When we were standing in shoulder deep water, we smirked and fondled each other, like other couples we could see, snickering and kissing a little. While she was fondling my cock, she snorted and remarked: 

"Like Petra said, yours is more fun to play with."

"Hmm! I hope you didn't tell them that."

"Of course not!"

We smirked and swam again, enjoying another pause to fondle. This time, she was obviously trying to get my cock to respond, frowning at her lack of success. Then she grinned and said: 

"You've been fucking too much, probably with - no, in - tight young muschis."

"How'd you guess?"

We grinned and kissed again, better than before. Then we swam for a little, sidestroking and smirking at each other. When we returned to the shore, we observed other couples who had also been in the water, noticing a couple of cocks sticking out, well below the horizontal. Marge chuckled and remarked: 

"They obviously didn't do it enough last night."

"Hmm! Maybe they just met."

We snickered and walked back towards our towels. Then we saw someone wave to us, recognizing Buffy, who beckoned for us to join him, then seeing that he was sitting with Sans-culotte and Stephan and their women. As we joined them, I was glad that my cock was relaxed. He gestured for us to find space on their towels. When we had, he explained that they had been talking about his idea of a flash mob at the next Bastille Day parade. 

Sans-culotte nodded with a smile, and said: 

"I was telling him that there were a lot more police around than just those we saw on both sides of the Champs Élysées, plainclothesmen. You probably couldn't get your clothes off fast enough to do anything. Hm-hmm! At least, if you got them all off, they would see that you didn't have a weapon or a bomb."

We all chuckled, nodding. I remembered the saying from my army basic training and held my hands as though raising a rifle and said: 

"This is my rifle; this is my gun. This is for fighting; this is for fun," glancing down at my cock. 

They all chuckled, not without glances at Marge, who nodded with a smile. Buffy remarked: 

"Hadn't heard that before."

"You weren't drafted."

"Nope. Didn't need the Army to teach me what's for fun."

We all chuckled again, and Sans-culotte remarked: 

"I was suggesting that a flash mob during the Tour de France would be less hazardous and probably just as successful, if you want TV coverage."

Buffy nodded his agreement that that was he had in mind. The expressions of the rest of us indicated that we weren't so sure, but no one shook their head. Buffy said that if we were a group, no one would be seen long enough to be recognized and that probably anyone who could - Americans - wouldn't be watching. We all nodded, apparently more receptive to the idea.

Sans-culotte explained that due to his position in a government ministry he couldn't participate, but that he would be willing to help us. He nodded at his friend and added: 

"Can't use my email, I'll let Etienne handle communication."

He nodded with a smirk, remarking: 

"Of course, we'll have to hope the tour on Bastille Day, Nude Day, isn't in the Pyrenees, preferably like this year somewhere on the coast, since we'll want another vacation like here."

We all nodded with smiles. Buffy looked pleased that we were liking the idea, then remarking that if it worked out, we would, of course, need many more participants. San-culotte chuckled and said that if we found a convenient nudist resort we might be able to recruit others there. We all chuckled, nodding, and Buffy said: 

"International Nude Day, another Literotica forum."

More nods and chuckles. Marge and I got up, suggesting that we would probably see each other again before dinner, and wandered back to our towels. We agreed that we wouldn't miss the Nude Day flash mob if it materialized, smiling as we exchanged glances that included each other's nude body, tacitly suggesting that we both were hoping we might spend another vacation together.

Back at our towels, we sat down, chuckling a little as we exchanged comments about Buffy's plan and about people sunning on the beach and those walking past, deciding that some of the females were just as much voyeurs as the single men, who obviously were. Marge agreed with me that it it was more interesting to look at the females, adding: 

" ... not because I want to do anything with them; women - young women - are just more attractive than naked men."

"You didn't have to explain that, but you know I wouldn't mind, if you did."

"We proved that last night, the three of us. Must have looked interesting."

"Very. Hm-hmm! Good thing that Petra insisted that it was to let you know how good it would be; else I might have had difficulty choosing."

"Didn't have to, just took turns."

"Like you did."

"Um-hmm, for lack of anything better to do."

We chuckled and smirked. After sunning for a while, we had to go swimming again - the call of nature. As we returned to our towels, Petra caught up with us. My first thought at seeing her was that I would love to suck her perky breasts, something I had been looking forward to the night before, until she changed our plans. She waved and called: 

"Hi! There you are. I was looking for you."

We beckoned for her to join us. As we sat down, we all smiled a little wryly. Marge avoided comments about how we had spent the night, remarking: 

"Oh, I should have asked them. How was it at the casino"

"That's why I was looking for you. One was pretty lucky and wants to invite us all to dinner at a better restaurant than in the hotel. The other one limited his losses, he said."

"That's nice," Marge replied, glancing at me to see my response. We both nodded with a shrug, and I replied: 

"If he wants to, very nice."

"He says we'll have to put on real clothes. They found the place yesterday."

We all snorted with smiles, nodding. In the moment of silence, I guess we all were thinking about how we had spent the night, more wondering about what she had heard, and she wondering about what Marge had told me. We all smirked slightly. Petra's nipples tightened, and she snorted again and remarked to Marge: 

"You didn't tell them what we did before you left."

"Hmm! No. Didn't think they needed to know; had enough trouble explaining to myself why I was there waiting for them."

"Oh, they liked that."

"I did, too."

"That too. I meant what we did. They chuckled and said that they wished they had also been there."

I snorted with a grin and remarked: 

"If we had known what was going to happen, you could have left a message for them to join us."

"But we didn't,"Marge replied, giving me slightly disapproving glance.
