 I had gone out with Ying two years ago and had remained friends with her since she had moved on and was now engaged to her new boyfriend. We had been at a party together and she had insisted that I came back to stay at their place rather than make the long journey home. I hadn't planned to stay over until I saw the two of them chatting at the party and then her boyfriend came over to me and also insisted that I stay. It would certainly be easier for me so I agreed and thank goodness I did! 

Not much was said on the way back, but as soon as we got to their apartment, they both went through to their bedroom and I quite honestly thought they had both gone to bed. I sat on the couch to see if they would return and after a few minutes they did and all I heard from behind the couch was Ying say, "If you're going to stay, do you want to have some fun with us?" 

I turned to see them both standing behind the couch, Ying in only a pair of white silky panties and her boyfriend totally naked. The first thing I thought was that it was a bit of a gamble asking this once they were both already naked. I was speechless and walked around the couch to them and Ying reached out and took both my hands in hers. I gazed at her and she said, "Remember how much you loved eating my pussy?" 

I did remember and looked down at the front of her panties and could almost still taste her. "Go on", she said as she took my hand and slipped it down inside the front of her panties and for the first time in a while I felt her smooth warm pussy. I looked behind her at her boyfriend and he was already standing behind her and I could see that his cock was beginning to stiffen in anticipation of what might happen. 

I thought for a moment as I looked at both of them and felt my own cock begin to expand in my pants. Then answered by pulling my T-shirt up over my head and at the same time, Ying popped the button on my jeans and began pushing them and my underwear down. A minute later I was naked and after kissing me on the lips, Ying pushed me down onto my knees and I gazed at the tight silky white panties covering her pussy directly in front of my face. She was naked except for her panties and had a gorgeous body with smallish breasts and smooth pale skin. Her boyfriend was standing naked behind her with his hands now on her hips and he now had an almost fully erect cock. I thought briefly how this might play out and then reached up and slipped my fingers around the waistband of her panties and slowly pulled the front of them down, revealing to me for the first time in two years, a fully bald Asian pussy. 

It was as good as I remembered, lovely and plump and very smooth indeed, but just as I was about to pull her panties gently down her thighs, Ying pulled them back up over her soft mound and she leaned forward over my head and placed her hands on the back of the couch behind me, so that she was leaning over me at a 45˚ angle. It became clear now that her boyfriend was in an excellent position to fuck her from behind and that is likely why they had started things off in this rather awkward position in the room. She spread her thighs just wide enough that he was able to fumble with her panties and I assumed he was trying to penetrate her from behind. As I knelt underneath her, I turned my face up towards her and kissed her soft belly, then moving back slightly, I was able to suck gently on her small firm breasts as they hung down towards me. 

I then placed my hands on her thighs and moved forward so that I was between them and moved my face close to the front of her panties. I kissed at the soft silky material and could feel her boyfriend behind her moving the crotch of her panties out of the way, then as I was kissing and pressing my lips onto the front of her panties, I sensed his cock push forward. To my surprise, rather than going up into her pussy, his cock slid below her lips and pushed out between her thighs. I moved back slowly and saw the front of her panties bulge out as his tip pushed into them from behind. 

This happened several times until finally he managed to angle his cock upwards and his cock penetrated her tight hole and he began fucking her slowly. At this point I went back between her thighs and started to kiss around her panties, firmly enough so that she could feel my mouth through her panties and I poked my tongue down around her clit. Then once again, as my mouth was against the silky panties, his cock popped out of her pussy and pushed forward still inside the panties and pushed against my lips. It felt weird as the cock head, covered in the silky material touched my lips, but for some reason or other, I did not jump away, but simply waited until he pulled it back and then I went back to kissing and licking at her panties. His cock was soon back in her pussy and fucking her again and I noticed that his shaft was up inside her on the left side of her panties, so I decided to take the crotch of her panties and pull them to the side, giving me a better view of her being fucked and making it easier for him to penetrate her. 

I curled my thumb around the crotch of her panties and pulled them to the side, exposing her smooth naked lips with his cock buried deep inside. This was a much better view for me and my cock responded accordingly by stiffening a little more. Now I could actually lick at her lips and clit and kiss her smooth fleshy mound. I also loved the sight of a cock actually penetrating a pussy. I wasted no time in getting my mouth onto her and with his cock penetrating her from the back I had plenty of space to lick and suck on her clit and around the plump sides of her pussy.

Then as I was happily sucking on her clit and kissing around her smooth soft skin, I felt something push slowly against my chin and as I pulled my face back out of the way, there was her boyfriends rigid purple cock head poking out between her thighs. It was quite a sight to be honest, with her panties pulled to the side and his rigid shaft pressed firmly up against her lips and his thick red tip poking out towards me. It almost felt like his cock was looking at me as I stared at the smooth red tip, wet with her juices and bulging and throbbing directly before me. He held it there for several seconds as I stared at it and it was strangely exciting to see and then he slowly pulled it back between her thighs and again penetrated her. 

I began to wonder if this had happened by accident or was it intentional. So once he was back inside her pussy, I reached further below her lips and licked under her pussy, this time feeling his shaft with the very tip of my tongue. I stayed there licking and sucking her pussy and felt his cock slip slowly backwards out of her hole, but decided to remain there and see what might happen. I held my mouth there as I licked the underside of her pussy, then as he went back to penetrate her again his cock slid partially into her but at the last second, popped out and came to rest touching my lower lip.

I froze when it touched me and was amazed at how hot the tip felt against my lip, but without thinking, I slowly slid my tongue forward and under the head of his cock and licked around the smooth head as it moved forward slowly into my mouth. Oh my God, I couldn't believe this as his hot tip went inside and my mouth closed gently around it. I was scared to do much more, but then felt his shaft move back and forth very slowly and I responded by sucking a little on the bulging tip. This lasted only a few seconds, but as his cock left my mouth I was eager to do it again. He immediately started fucking her pussy again and this time a lot faster and deeper.

At this time, Ying has sensed what had taken place and whispered to me, "You okay with this?" I quickly answered, "Yeah", and then thought of all the conversations we had when we were together and remembered us talking about fantasies much like this. I gazed down at her pussy again as he fucked her and after licking firmly up over her clit, I was down under her pussy again and waiting to see what might happen next. 

I didn't need to wait long as I held my mouth below her pussy and watched as the strokes into her became more gentle and slower again. Then with one graceful move, his cock pulled back, but rather than entering her pussy again it slid gently into my mouth and much further back than before. I held still as his shaft withdrew again and pushed up into her pussy, then began to slowly and gently alternate between my mouth and her pussy. I was now getting a real taste of her juices and his cock, but was also starting to wonder what would happen if he were to ejaculate.

I had eaten another guy's cum from a girl's pussy once before, but had never done anything like this, let alone have someone cum in my mouth. I had no time to think as things were still progressing, but I might have to deal with that issue sooner than I imagined. His cock was now back inside Ying's tight hole and he was fucking her pretty good now, then I noticed her bring her thighs closer together and move her feet together. This made it difficult for me to lick and suck under her pussy, but I knew there would be a reason for this, although at this time I didn't know what it was. 

I got back close to her pussy and could feel the sense of urgency now as his cock pumped away at her hole. I still held her panties to the side, but with her thighs closed together, it was hard to keep them out of the way. I pressed my mouth onto her pussy and nuzzled in and much as I could, feeling his cock pushing her lips apart with each stroke. It was a tight space for my mouth, his cock and the damp crotch of her panties, but suddenly his cock appeared between the tight space in her thighs and he continued fucking her as if he were still inside. Every second or so, his bulging tip would dart out from between her thighs and then disappear again and I could tell that he would be ejaculating very soon. 

I was very cautious at first, then his cock pulled back and did not return. At this time something made me lean forward and place my mouth down below her pussy and I waiting for only a couple of seconds until his cock slid under her pussy and then pushed over my lips and deep into my mouth. I held still as he started fucking her between the thighs with the tip ending each stroke inside my mouth, but this couldn't last for long. I reached down to my own very stiff cock and started to jerk off like crazy, desperate to cum. He would pause occasionally with the tip in my mouth and I was somewhat prepared for hot sperm to shoot into my mouth at any moment. 

Ying was starting to mumble a bit now and she might have been preparing for her orgasm when I realised that he was now back to fucking her pussy again. After 5 or 10 strokes into her pussy something changed and I felt her being almost lifted up off her feet and a loud slapping noise as he pumped hard at her pussy from behind. It was difficult to keep my mouth close to her pussy, but I tried desperately to do so, when suddenly he held her around the waist and lifted her up slightly as he moaned out loud and began to shoot his cum up into her pussy. As soon as he started to cum, her feet went back onto the carpet and he continued rapid strokes, but only a few went up into her hole. Then as I waiting with my open mouth up tight against the small gap in her thighs, his spurting cock appeared and I felt the hot sperm shoot first across my lips then directly into my mouth before feeling his tip enter as well, pumping more thick cream into my mouth. 

This was an incredible feeling as his cock slid in and out of the gap in her thighs and each time sprayed more thick sperm into my mouth. The entire area between her thighs was soaked with cum and I pressed my mouth closer between her thighs so that each stroke was now sliding into my mouth. There was now so much cum that I had no choice but to swallow a few times and could feel his cock continue regular spurts into my mouth. Ying then straightened up ever so slightly and I quickly pulled her panties all the way down her thighs and she stepped out of them. I could see her boyfriend's hands holding her breasts and as he pulled her back towards him his cock slid back through between her thighs.

Ying looked down at me and then took hold of his cock which was still oozing cum from the tip and was now dripping down onto the insides of her thighs. His cock was poking out from between her thighs almost like it was her cock. I moved forward and placed my mouth initially up against her cum soaked mound, licking at the fresh sperm, then feeling his cock bumping under my chin, Ying lifting it up to my mouth and I closed my mouth over the tip as Ying tugged up and down at the foreskin. I was surprised how good it felt in my mouth and how much hard it still was, but as she pulled up and down on his foreskin it did seem to stiffen a little more. Ying stroked his cock quickly as I sucked on the head and then to my surprise as she jerked him off he seemed to be getting close to a second orgasm.

Once I realised what might happen here, I reached down again to my own cock and started to jerk off as Ying continued jerking off her boyfriend's cock into my mouth. My mouth and chin were soaked with sperm already and I had swallowed a few mouthfuls, so I couldn't see any real harm if he was to have another orgasm. Then as Ying's hand began to speed up and bump against my mouth, I felt the flood of warm liquid fill my mouth. It was smaller than before, but very thick and it was really quite a feeling as I closed my mouth tight around the head and felt the gentle pumping and throbbing as the sperm ran down the back of my throat.

After what seemed like 5 or 6 good spurts, his cock softened and Ying pulled the shaft out of my mouth, then before I could decide whether to swallow the rest of the cum or spit it out, she reached down and took my hands and stood me up in front of her. Ying then took my cock and began to jerk me off as I held her shoulders and reached forward to kiss her. This was perfect, as I passed the sperm from my mouth into hers and she started jerking me off. Then as we kissed, her hand got faster and I could hardly hold off any longer when she suddenly let go of my cock and leaned back against her boyfriend. 

I was surprised at first then when I saw Ying lift one of her feet up onto the back of the couch, which was right behind me, then I saw her boyfriend reach down and lift her up by the underside of her thighs. As she leaned back, he lifted her up and she put her other foot onto the couch on the other side of me and suddenly I knew the plan. I held her round the waist as she lay back against her boyfriend and he held her up at the perfect height for me to fuck her standing up. With my orgasm so close, I wasted no time at all in penetrating her cum filled pussy. His sperm was dripping out onto the carpet as I pushed the head of my cock between her lips and started fucking her quite hard. 

I did not even try to make it last, but instead concentrated on making it a good one and started pushed hard and deep into her pussy. Then almost immediately I began spurting my cum deep into her and then reached down to hold my cock around the base of the shaft and jerked off while still inside her. Once my orgasm began to fade, I pulled my cock out and held my foreskin down tight and watched as some thick sperm showered her belly. As soon as the first cumshot hit her belly, Ying reached down and started to smear it up over her breasts and down around her bald pussy. Her boyfriend looked mesmerised as my cock spurted more sperm and soaked her stomach and he said, "Oh fuck, that is so hot."

I held my cock as it softened and Ying put her feet back down onto the carpet and placed her hand down between her thighs. She kept her hand there as she walked over and sat on a big leather armchair and her boyfriend followed behind her. I watched as she sat back and opening her thighs, she removed her hand and her boyfriend got down on his knees on the carpet in front of her and I knew what was about to happen. This is almost exactly what we had done once when we were together and I had eaten someone else's cum from her pussy. I moved over to the couch beside them and sat back to watch as our cum spilled out of her and onto the leather chair and her boyfriend started to lick at her pussy. 

I looked down at my cock and was delighted that I had chosen to stay over and then watched as he licked and sucked at her pussy and brought her to a well deserved orgasm of her own. Her orgasm had caused most of our cum to spill out onto the chair and when he got up and sat on the other chair I decided to go for one last taste of her pussy. I kissed her smooth wet pussy very gently and cleaned the outside of her lips and the smooth mound of wet skin, licking up the cum from her pussy, but chose not to lick between her lips again. I licked at the pool of liquid on the chair below her pussy and knew that I was tasting her sweet sticky cream mixed with our two different loads of sperm. 

It was a great ending to a fun night and my cumshots had been the most powerful I had had in a long time. It was also the first time I had sucked a cock or had one shoot into my mouth and although it felt odd now, it was a lot of fun and I did not regret it at all. The three of us went into the same bed, but nothing else happened other than me falling asleep with my hand on her hip and thoughts of what had happened racing through my head. In the morning nobody spoke a word about the night before, but I had high hopes that if we were to get together again, then we might have more adventures like this in the future.