 Chapter 3: Who!

The Big Reveal

One Week Later - September 2015

My wife and I put a lot of thought into the script for our next meeting, the dramatic big reveal; she wanted to surpass the Mother of Dragons reveal at the end of season one of "Game Of Thrones." (Movie folks always think in those terms. It was a striking reveal.) My driver could get Jace to the house between 1:30 and 2. He would skip stopping for lunch, my driver would have a sandwich and a cold beer for him. Then what? Does he shower before or after the meet? What is my wife wearing? Am I in the room? Does sex happen right away? Most importantly, where will the scene play out?

My wife thought it would be fun to join him in the shower unannounced, but that seemed a bit De Palma a la "Dressed To Kill." How about her sitting in the pool? She thought that outside was not a good choice, our yard is well-screened but loud surprised voices carry. We both considered the obvious, the living room, but that was too TV sitcom.

Finally she suggested the sauna. A steamy scene with real steam was hard to resist. A note with the sandwich would suggest that Jace shower ASAP and then wait for us in the sauna. Except we would already be there. She could be on display when he walked in, dripping with sweat and maybe thick white fluid (he liked sloppy seconds), obviously ready for more. I could be on the bench behind her, a bit to the side. Or maybe she would be on my lap when he went to his knees and gave homage.

I have a very smart wife. We made plans accordingly. It went according to our script, so the Academy award rightly went to her.

When our driver picked Jace up at the car rental Tuesday, he gave Jace the packed lunch with my note. The guy went for the cold beer first, it was heaven. Then he read the note and regretted the time spent with the beer. Her note said that when he got to our house he was to pack his bags for travel, and lay out his clothes for a quick start early on Wednesday. Then he could do the sauna after a quick shower. We would both join him in the sauna.

My driver said Jace had a hard time keeping his child-like joy at acceptable levels. "Could we drive faster?" he asked the driver.

At 2:05 Jace, fresh from the his shower, walked into the sauna and did a monster double-take. Despite more than a decade between sightings, he recognized my wife - his one-time girlfriend - and seeing her stunned him like a 2-by-4 to the forehead. "Deni Winter? Is that really you? How? Wha... What are you doing here?" It was a pretty good reading of our script.

Deni was arranged as we discussed, with her legs open showing her pussy distended open, well-creamed and dripping. She and I were glistening with sweat, it was really too warm for her to be on my lap. I was behind her, sitting to the side so his eyes went to my limp just-used cock. Jace's cock sorta jumped at the sight of her. His knees went weak.

"Why, I live here of course. I must say Jace, it was really wonderful to have you again the other night after so many years. Elliot and I both enjoyed it so! I just know we are going to have lots of fun tonight."

Jace was overcome. His knees gave up. "That was you? Really? I can't... I can't believe it. Oh, where are my manners!" With that he crawled over and began kissing Deni's just-washed feet while mumbling words of complete and abject gratitude. She was laughing so hard she had a difficult time dissuading him. He was fellating her big toe when she finally stopped him.

It was a good thing I had talked her out of meeting him in the pool; a drowning would have been hard to explain and would provide a bummer of an ending.

When she got his eyes to look up a bit, he saw her creampied pussy waiting for him. He looked hopefully at Deni, then me. He got two positive nods. Deni slid forward and spread her thighs wide, for easy access. He went for it. They never got to this in the handful of weeks they were together.

Deni could not get over how eager we both were to eat her pussy while it was dripping with the other guy's nutcream. "Just like you were last week," she said to me, "he is eating me so good!"

"It is a game that Cindy started. Jace really liked putting it into her sloppy, and this was the natural next step for a trio of perverts in a dorm room. We didn't really mind the taste, and seeing us do it was a real kick for Cindy, plus it got her super hot. You really should write Cindy a note of thanks."

Jace took a break just long enough to add a caution. "You can write a note, just don't send it. She cannot suspect this is going on."

Deni agreed that he was probably right for now. "In the meantime, while this is very nice, but I was kind of hoping for something more substantial to start off this little party. Like my husband said, I have heard you might like to put that wonderful cock into sloppy seconds, so don't eat it all."

Of course Jace was all set to 'meat' her on the spot, but this was a sauna, and collapse from heat prostration is a mood-kill, so when we were ready Deni took his hand and led him to our playroom.

Our playroom is a bedroom that we converted to a pure sexplay room with lots of trimmings. Among other furnishings there is a Sybian in one corner, an oversized undressed bed that is far too stiff for sleeping but great for play, and an adjustable rack for light bondage. In addition, the wall between the bedroom and the en suite shower has been replaced with glass, making a larger glassed-in shower area designed for play with an audience. So far we had used the room for ourselves, and there were a few times when trusted friends - also couples - who used the room without us for special celebrations and the like. We also did soft-swings (watching other couples but only sexing our own partners) with two other couples. But this was the first time it was occupied by three naked people working full contact sex.

Deni pointed Jace toward the firm upright chair and sat him down. We both appreciated the sturdy old 'kitchen chair' for straight-up loving, but one can always think of improvements, and when one has access to a professional prop department, even the most outlandish ideas can be realized. The first issue was that "straight up" was not ideal for a fuck chair, it was better if the back had some angle to it so the guy's package was more out-there. For stability the rear legs were extended back and out. Also, for longer sessions, a padded seat was nice, we used a material that was easy to clean. To make things easy for the lady on top, the chair was built so the seat was higher than normal. Adjustable foot rests on each side and the front allowed both parties to adopt any leg position that worked best for them. It also allowed for a woman who was very short (one of our friends was under 4 feet tall) or very tall. Finally, the seat of the chair had some sunken fittings where dildos and the like could be attached, positioned for both vaginal and anal penetration.

With Jace seated, Deni turned her her back to him and stood on the chair footrests with her pussy over his iron hard cock. I crouched on the floor in front of them and took hold on Jace's hard cock, getting things lined up. She leaned back a bit, so her sweat-slick back was against his sweaty chest. His hands came around to squeeze her breasts and pinch her nipples. She encouraged him with a reference to their past. "Oh Jace, after all those years you remember just how my nips like it. Owww... yes, that is so good." I watched her body writhe in response to those pinches. Looking at her face, my wife and I both silently acknowledged that she was deliberately giving herself to him in a way where I could see everything; she was watching me as I watched the exhibition she was making of the gift of her body.

I think that my watching was the more exciting part for her. Jace was part of her intimate history, he was not the only guy she had (when we married she was 23 and her 'number' - which had not changed in the decade since - was 15), but Jace was someone she appreciated sexually a great deal. For a over half her time in college he was the one she measured others against, and found them wanting; that was until she and I closed the deal and the fireworks made her forget some things. Knowing this, I had brought him to her for exactly this purpose, and that got me lots of bonus points. Also, where the pillowcase last week rendered Jace a sex toy, faceless with no identity, this time we were sincerely a threesome, all aware, all able to feel physically and emotionally as we interacted. Plus, there were that web of intense decade-old memories, cross-linking the three of us.

Now, because I brought him to her, my wife was ready to commit the act that defined our marriage as a sin of the flesh upon her one-time lover's body while I watched. This time Jace was an active lover, not a mindless sex-toy while I watched. I felt the emotional distance between us grow as she got ready to give up her pussy to his cock. Along with her body she would give up her mind, her focus. She transformed herself into his slut before my eyes as her awareness went into her body, at that point where he touched her intimate flesh and where he would fill her. It was subtle but clear, the shift from my wife to his wanton. When our eyes met again I now saw the slut she had always been, the hunger she kept deep inside now came to the surface as lust; she looked on me as the man she was replacing, even if only temporarily. Then, just inches of entry, she stopped.

We read many stories from pulp XXX books, Penthouse Letters and other magazines, to the internet, passing them back and forth between us. We never imagined that one of those stories would become an actual memory, much less that two would. But now she summoned a particular story to both of our minds. She signaling her choice by asking Jace not to use his hands except on her tits for now. This meant she was going to fuck him, and more important, in keeping with the story she picked, I was going to help. She kept her eyes on me, giving a nod which I returned, saying without words that I was on the same page.

She held herself there, ready, mere inches from infidelity before me. Her pussy was right before my eyes as I held his cock. We knew what she was going to do. To help her sin, I spread a little of my cum, from where it had dripped on her thighs, to open and coat her silky smooth inner cunt lips. The back of my hand touching his cock as I parted her lips wider, and spread the lube that came from my balls onto her sex, making her entrance ready to greet him. Not that her body needed it; she was very wet, and still slightly open, but that was exactly the point. She did not need what I was doing, but by doing it for her I was giving her the gift of the fantasy made reality.

It was our minds that needed it, for me to serve in their intimate joining. This was an emotional trip we were all sharing, with me preparing her for him using my own slick fluids. 

Deni spoke her line. "Thank you Elliot. Now would you be a dear and help us get started please? Wrap your thumb and forefinger around the base of his cock. Then, maybe if you could lube him a bit? I am sure we would both appreciate it."

Boy, she was pushing the buttons today! It was a perfect reading, all her hesitation was gone. I had sometimes held Jace's cock a decade ago, helping my buddy get it into his girlfriend. But this was the first time I had held any cock besides my own as it was sliding into the mother of my children.

I adjusted my grip. With my other hand I took more of my spendings from her pussy and spread it, along with her juices, over the head of his cock. I started at the center, he groaned as the fluid-slick palm of my hand slipped over his pee slit where he was oozing pre-cum, mixing a slut-slick brew of intimate juices from inside all three of us. I spread the combined three-person sex-mix outward from the center, renewing it as needed, until the ridge around his cockhead gleamed with lubrication. Then I said that all was ready.

"Darling, do you think you could you hold me open while...?" my wife asked. Again, she really did not need it, but that was the cue line.

I could do as she asked. I carefully held her inner lips open with one hand and while I continued to hold his cock steady with the other. Looking into my eyes, she lowered her body. Joy she could not suppress lit her face as she again made herself one body with our friend, her former lover, taking him easily all the way in on the first stroke, thereby again making him her fucking lover - a lover who would enjoy her charms, soil them, and then if we followed the plot, watch me clean her up for him to soil again.

Besides the joy in her eyes, I also saw the infidelity darken her soul. As he entered her she mentally played back their good times - there were few, but they were very good for her. She rose again and exposed his shaft, which had been dry. Now it was wet and slick with juices. He was the first lover to bring her joy from the start, and the first she wanted more of each time she had him. Part of her wanted those youthful good times back. We had talked about it, part of her knew time had enhanced her memory of the good times. She moved down, taking his cock inside again. Part of her did not believe that and there was some greed in how she wanted his love to make her young again, to transport her back in time. I saw her struggle, but I was confident she would make the right decision.

Then she went off script. The improvisation is one that I recognized from another story.

After just two strokes she stopped moving. She had lifted herself carefully until just the head of his cock was inside her body, leaving his wet shaft was exposed. My thumb and finger were still wrapped around the base of his cock. That was when she asked me to stroke Jace's cock up and down while she held still, basically to masturbate him into her pussy. She was really working me into the act, but then, that was kind of what we had in mind with this. Stroking Jace's cock might be a little out-of-bounds in terms of what I told him the first day, because the act was pretty queer and was something I never really did to him with Cindy. But on the other hand, he had told me about those times when he was younger, in summer camp. He and his high school-aged buddies played games while exploring each other's bodies, discovering things about themselves. They did not limit themselves to fingers.

I started to stroke his cock, and I guess I did it well, stroking his slick shaft while she held just his cockhead inside her body. She pulsed her pussy muscles in synch with my movements. Jace said "Oh yeah, fuck me that is good!" in response to our combined attentions.

As requested, all this time Jace was playing with Deni's tits and nipples, and doing so very effectively, the way he did when they dated during those fall weeks freshman year. Maybe it was not as smoothly effective as the moves I developed over a decade of practice, but it was not to shabby either. Deni was quite enjoying the variety of his touch as she tripped down her "Naked Memories" lane.

As for Jace, there was sometimes a moan or a groan, but basically he was listening and feeling, not talking. Still, his hands were a pretty good indication of how the day was turning out for him. He really liked this part.

After a few strokes she departed the script yet again when she asked me a question from the other story she had patched in play. "Would you get a bigger kick out of this if I let you do the faggot thing and stroke him off so he spews directly into your mouth? Or is it more of a charge to see him pleasuring himself and your wife with a good fucking, having him squirting cum into the pussy where your babies entered the world, and then have him watch you eat it out of me after? Either way, you get a mouthful to swallow."

That question was intended to grab both of us guys by the balls.

I know Jace got very close to the edge, I had to loosen my grip to keep him from popping. Even though I had read the story many times it also grabbed my balls, cranking them up. It was also a pretty smart question, since it opened the door with how, in the future, our threesome was implicitly going to include activities that were not strictly heterosexual. That was an issue that would weigh on Jace's mind before the next trip. With her question, my wife put a very positive spin on the issue, made it a joint source of positive interest for all three of us, but especially for Jace.

After a few more strokes she stared into my eyes, wordlessly telling me she was back on the original script and was ready to start the climax of this scene. I stopped stroking and held Jace at the base of his cock. She lowered herself slowly, enjoying every inch as his shaft penetrated into her body. I kept my fingers as they were while I sat mesmerized, so I both felt and saw Jace's cock disappear into my wife's pussy right in front of me. At the last minute I withdrew the hand holding her open, deliberately brushing her clit as I drew it away. I touched her just right, as she settled her body gave the little shudder of a near-climax from the contact. As for my other hand, thumb and forefinger were still wrapped around Jace's cock and therefore wound up sandwiched tightly between my wife's pussy lips and her lover. Except for the width of my finger, Jace's cock was entirely enclosed in my woman's sex.

Instead of positing up and down as she usually did when we rode the chair, Deni began to move forwards and backwards plus side to side, rotated her pelvis around in a slow circle. She was 'stirring her pot' with Jace's cock, and it had to feel pretty good to him. Plus she was literally rubbing my hand into her joining like some sort of mutual masturbation toy, getting the near-clit contact that worked so well for her. She knew that was the message she was sending to me, and I have to admit, it was tripping us all out.

Deni said later that she would have rather turned around, to get some kissing on Jace, but things were going too fast; she knew Jace was really close to a climax, unlike us he had been without sex for a week, and had even been abstaining from self-service - mostly - to build reserves in anticipation of putting the most creamy fun into this 16-hour visit. Deni was wound up enough by the little detours that she just might beat him to the climax. Things could go longer some other time.

She told me later that she was intensely aware how both of us were sexual partners for her body, men who desired her pleasure and were climbing over some significant emotional barriers to reach that goal.

She was still his slut right now, despite our open line of communication I knew that she was 80% focused on Jace, where he was inside of her, almost ready to cum. She started the path to final countdown by finally moving strictly up and down. It was a clear signal to both of us guys. I shifted my hand a little, just enough so she could use the knuckle of my thumb to hammer her lovely little pleasure button with each stroke. Now that they were in the home stretch Deni and Jace were not subtle about getting their fucking pleasure, in fact it was only slightly short of rutting.

I watched breathlessly as my old friend got ridden slowly to orgasm by my unfaithful woman. I was literally holding on to him and pleasing her as her attention faded from me.

She crossed over in terms of her attention when she reached back with both arms to pull his head and body to her. The way she 'needed' the contact, the embrace, said there was no longer room for me in her focus.

Harder and faster, they got louder until Deni started making this moaning-groaning noise and Jace was grunting with each stroke she made on his cock. His arms wrapped tightly around her. Deni went up and down again and again, like a machine of flesh, building and building the tension between them like a great spring until suddenly there was his release. It was the moment when suddenly he had to move, driving himself up to meet her downstroke. At the same time my hand, wrapped around the base of his cock, felt that first powerful stroke, and the mighty surge when I felt him cum. His balls moved. His cock, wrapped in my grip, convulsed and expanded so I felt the first pulse of his semen shoot up his shaft into my wife's pussy. When I saw his shaft exposed on her next upstroke, it was coated with his thick white cum instead of her clear lubricating juices. I watched his balls pulse as they pumped his seed again, plus I felt each pulse with my hand as his cum was filling her.
