 The first time I ever saw Kevin, I was picking up some materials from the supply store that were needed at a job site. My job required that I occasionally run extra materials to the construction crews if they ran short during the day. I don't mind being outdoors. Some women prefer the office environment, but I like the wide-open spaces, and the freedom to take the occasional truck ride to a job site. 

I'm used to being ogled and leered at. My slight 5' 5" height, long blond hair, hazel eyes, and 36" chest, combined with the form-fitting clothes I prefer, set me apart from the other working girls. I don't mind showing off my body, and I can take care of myself among the "boys club" of construction workers. So when my boss said, "Jenny, run to the supply depot and pick up this list of stuff, and get it to the Grover Street project, pronto," I jumped up with anticipation and rolled out in the longbed Chevy.

The man who loaded the planks into my pickup truck was new. I noticed his big, broad shoulders as he heaved the wood into my truck. As I watched him lift and lay the boards, he would look my way. When he did, I saw that his eyes were sky blue and crystal clear, the brightest I had ever seen. When he smiled at me as he handed me the sign-out paperwork for my signature, I felt like I could melt into his arms. He introduced himself as Kevin, and we briefly exchanged small talk about the project and how we liked our jobs. He made me as nervous as a schoolgirl as we talked. Fumbling with the clipboard, I managed to sign my name and hand it back to him. 

Kevin said, "Thank you. I hope I'll see you again, Jenny."

"I can't wait, Kevin. Really!" I was giddy with anticipation. As I left, I felt his eyes on the back of my head, so I waved back, hoping that I could return soon. What a hunk! He had me shivering with the thought of being closer to him. I was getting wet just fantasizing about him, his broad shoulders, tight butt, and killer smile. By my body's reaction, I knew that he was different from all the other Joes I've known.

When I got back to the office, I asked my friend Christy if she had seen him. "Oh, yes! He's quite a hunk, isn't he? I think he just moved here from Arizona or someplace out west. Are you checking him out, Jen?" 

"I'm in the market for some of that kind of meat, for sure!" I replied.

Christy said, "Well, here's hoping there's enough to go around!" We giggled as close girlfriends do.

A week later, Kevin stopped by my office. Most of the staff had left for the weekend, and several of us were winding down from a long workweek. I was chatting with Christy when I felt someone watching me. He had come in the back door, so I didn't see him at first. When I turned around, Kevin was staring into my eyes. We locked eyes, and it was like I was reading his mind. He wanted me as bad as I wanted him. He winked at me, as if to say, "Follow me," and headed for the bathroom. I excused myself a minute later, saying I needed to "use the restroom" myself. As I entered the bathroom, he was waiting for me.

He shut the door behind me and pulled me close to him, locking his eyes with mine in that deep beautiful stare of his. We kissed deeply and passionately, like long parted lovers, rather than as strangers. It felt so right! Our tongues moved around each other. He gently bit and sucked on my lower lip. Oh, god, I felt myself getting wet! His manly scent permeated the small room. His sleeveless tee shirt exposed his tanned biceps. I had to look up at him as he towered over me in his boots. He bent me backwards in his embrace, as I was swept away into my private fantasy come true! 

He was so fucking hot; I couldn't wait to feel his beautiful cock inside of me. Kevin raised his arms and bent over slightly as I pulled his shirt up and off. He helped me take mine off. Then he unhooked my bra, letting my 36D tits free from their restraint.

My nipples were immediately tight. He put his mouth to each one in turn, sucking them very gently. Teasing my tits with his masterful tongue, my cunt was getting hotter by the second. All I could think about was having his tongue on my clit. Before I could let that happen, I wanted to taste his cock. I pulled his head away from my chest and kissed him hard. I dropped to my knees and unbuckled his pants. Lowering the zipper, I saw that his cock was already hard. I pulled his underwear down, exposing the most perfect cock. It was 8 inches long and thick. Kevin kicked off his boots and stepped out of his pants, now fully naked in front of me.

I stroked the tip of his rigid cock lightly with my finger as the first of the precum drops formed at the hole. I spread the shiny liquid over the tip, eliciting a moan from him. Grabbing his cock with both hands, I started to stroke its length. 

Kevin put his hands on my head, gently pulling me forward. I leaned even closer and put my lips to the bulbous head of his perfect cock. I kissed it and ran my tongue all the way down his shaft to where his balls hung low in their hairy sack. I opened and put one in my mouth, rolling it gently on my tongue, and then did the same to the other. Kevin moaned aloud again, urging me upward to engulf his pole in my hungry mouth. He leaned back on the wall as I took him as deep as I could, rolling my tongue over his shaft and sucking hard with my lips. I looked up to see his smiling face watching me give him the best blowjob he'd ever had. He began thrusting his hips forward, urging me to suck him off.

Suddenly, the door opened! We had forgotten to lock the door! I pulled Kevin's cock from my mouth, but was still holding it as I knelt on the floor in front of him. My god, it was Christy! Apparently she just "happened" to need the restroom. Later, I found that she knew I had entered it with Kevin. When she tried the door, she was surprised to find it unlocked. Seeing me holding Kevin's cock, she quickly came inside, closed the door, and locked it!

Kevin seemed unfazed by Christy's entrance. If anything, his smile got even bigger as he read the lust in Christy's eyes. "Don't stop on account of me," Christy said. Please, keep going. This is really making me hot!" 

Without hesitation, I continued working away at Kevin's magnificent hard-on. Christy couldn't stand it anymore. Kevin watched as she started to undress. "Please, can I join in?" she asked.

"Ok by me," Kevin replied.

I stood up, leaving Kevin and his magnificent body leaning against the wall. As I finished undressing, Christy held me up. Suddenly she kissed me! "I've wanted to do that for a long time," she exclaimed. I had never kissed a woman before, but as worked up as I was, it seemed so natural. So I kissed her back as we pressed our naked bodies together.

Christy boosted me up to the edge of the counter and used her fingers to play with my clit, while she kept sucking on my neck and licking my tits. I watched Kevin slowly stroke his cock, as he watched Christy work on me. I was getting even hotter and wetter. Christy really knew what made me feel good. Her fingers rubbed against my clit with just the right amount of pressure. She inserted two fingers in me and started to fuck me with them. I thrust against her hand, watching Kevin nude form holding his magnificent cock just two feet away. It felt so good! I knew I moaned louder as Christy kept fucking me faster with her fingers. Kevin watched us. I could tell his cock was about to explode. 

Kevin grabbed Christy from behind by the waist as she continued to finger fuck me. With one hand he pushed her head close to my oh-so-hot cunt. Immediately, she started to eat me. With his other hand, Kevin pulled her ass towards him so he could enter her from behind. He wanted to fuck her doggie style. Kevin thrust his cock into her hot cunt fast and hard and Christy let out a muffled groan, which excited me even further. She silenced herself and kept lapping away at my wetness. I couldn't believe this. My best friend was eating me out with my dream man fucking her ass!

Then it came. My orgasm started deep and my clit was throbbing from the severe tongue-lashing it was receiving. I came so hard on Christy's mouth, juices pouring from me. As the initial wave passed, I said to Kevin, "I need you to fuck me now!"

He pulled his cock out of Christy and she stepped aside. Kevin moved toward me with his massive hard-on pointed directly at my slopping cunt. He put the head right on my clit, and I twitched in anticipation. He looked into my eyes as he pressed forward, thrusting his perfect prick into my hot vagina. I let out a moan of satisfaction. Finally! 

Kevin was ready too. He fucked me. Pure and simple, hard, raw sex. He fucked me hard and fast, and I bounced up and down on his cock. We where both grunting as he slammed forward into me. It was Christy's turn to watch while she played with herself, waiting for her turn to cum. In a blur of sweat and juices, I could feel my second orgasm coming on strong.

"Oh, god, Kevin! Fuck me harder! Oh, baby, ram me with your big hard cock! You fill me up better than anybody! I'm gonna cum on your big fat cock as you shoot your cum in my wet, hot pussy! Go ahead, give me your cum! Fill me with your..." The orgasm hit me in mid sentence. I grabbed on to Kevin's shoulders and hung on for the ride. I throbbed against his cock, pulling him closer, as it was buried deep in my pussy. I had never cum so hard with any man before.

It was too much for Kevin. He was ready, too. I felt him swell even bigger, as he exploded. He pushed even deeper and shot his load in several thick pulses that I could feel hit the depths of my vagina. Head back, he sighed as he spurted hot cum into me. When he stopped cumming, he pulled his cock out. It was still semi hard and covered with our combined juices. With the plug pulled out, his cum ran out of my vagina, a lovely feeling. 

Christy, who had watched our passionate fucking with a lustful eye, was feeling left out. "Oh, Kevin! Is there nothing left for me?" she pouted.

"I think there is. Come here, let's see." A man of few words, that Kevin. But if actions speak louder than words, Kevin was positively shouting. Christy eagerly pushed her ass against Kevin's cock, grinding against the meaty girth of it. In just a few seconds, it was at full mast again. Christy bent over the counter next to me as Kevin positioned himself behind her. She reached behind and grabbed his cock, expertly guiding it into her exposed channel.

"That's it, baby. Slide it in nice and easy! Now fuck me like you fucked Jenny! Make me cum. I'm so ready!"

Kevin grabbed Christy's hips and pumped his reinflated member deep within her wet folds. This time, watching Kevin poke Christy from behind, I was much more satisfied. Nevertheless, I was still turned on. So, as he plundered her pussy with rapid thrusts, my fingers found my cum-filled pussy. With the slightest touch, I was hot again. The scene played out in front of me no doubt adding to my arousal. I felt the gobs of Kevin spunk as I fingered my clit to the verge of cumming again. Licking my fingers, I tasted the sweet cum, rolling it on my tongue. Christy saw me do that and opened her mouth. I offered a taste of Kevin's load directly from my pussy. She licked my fingers and sucked the in her mouth to get all of it. That pushed me to the limit of my endurance. I came again in rapid fire pulses that squeezed the remainder of Kevin's cum out of my well-lubricated hole to run down my leg.

As Christy reached the brink and passed over into orgasmic delight, she reached out to grab my hand. I squeezed back as we achieved mutual orgasm. Eyes glazed with lust, Kevin once again exploded, pumping his wads of sweet cum deep within Christy's pussy. Nearly simultaneous orgasms had us wiped out, but with smug, satisfied looks on our faces.

As Kevin pulled out of Christy, she remarked, "Come on. Let's get out of here, get some beer, and find a proper place to do this again!"

That Christy! What a friend and lover she turned out to be. Together, we enjoyed many more trysts with Kevin, as well as with his stepson. But that is another story.