 Author's note. A warning to all readers, everything that follows is of course pure fantasy, it is not my, or my partner's life style; neither are we promoting it as normal practice. As a new contributor to Literotica I naively allowed public comment to be enabled, thinking that I would receive at least constructive criticism, sadly this was not the case. 

To the anonymous scumbag that denigrated my upbringing and parentage I wish only eternal damnation, to others that wish to hide behind anonymity without giving constructive criticism, please don't read any further. To those that want to talk seriously and constructively, I welcome feedback, and assure you that all sensible communications will be answered. 

My stories are placed in the relevant categories with some thought, those in the group sex category involve multiple partners, usually with one woman, those in the wives category involve wives with multiple partners. My 'husband's' whilst technically 'cuckolds' are never 'wimps' or 'subservient'. My super heroes all have big cock's and some I admit are black, that does not mean that I believe the black race is superior, neither do I believe that once fucked by a black man there is no return. I am a non-racist white, who loves and respects his 'faithful' partner but, like most of the population of this world, I have fantasies. You now know what follows, if it might offend you, please do not read on!!!

*

Susanne looked out of her bedroom window onto the courtyard. Yyvette, the maid was scampering across the yard towards the farm's huge wooden gate, hurrying towards the pounding insistence of the soldiers outside.

"Open up or we'll smash it down," a soldier shouted in broken French.

Yyvette reached the gate and after several seconds of effort managed to lift the heavy bar from its iron housing. She pulled the gate open and a mounted cavalry officer, followed by two soldiers also on horseback cantered passed her and into the centre of the yard. Seeing Susanne at the first floor window the officer pulled the horse's head around and rode towards her.

Susanne lowered the sash and asked in English, "What do you want?"

"I have been instructed by General Picton to find quarters for the officers of my regiment this night."

Susanne looked down upon this strikingly handsome man and quivered with the excitement of the moment. The two soldiers had dismounted and Yyvette was leading them towards the barn.

"How many men are there?" Susanne asked.

"We expect to be in action at Quatre Bras today, so the Lord above knows how many of us will survive, you had better expect at least fifteen but I will give you a requisition to draw rations for our full compliment of twenty-five. The quartermaster will deliver our kit later today, give him this chitty."

As he stretched up to hand her the piece of paper there was a sudden scream from the barn. Susanne ran downstairs and met the officer as he dismounted. He towered over her and she imagined what a frightening sight he must have been when in battle. 

They both ran to the barn door and in the poor light it was hard to make out much but as Susanne's eyes became accustomed she could see Yyvette on her hands and knees naked. Both of the soldiers had their breeches around their ankles and the older of the two was kneeling on one leg and supported by the other was thrusting his huge cock deep inside the girl. The other soldier was at her head and was pushing his cock into her mouth. The sawing motion was causing Yvette's large pendulous tits to swing violently backwards and forwards and each thrust into her cunt caused a grunt to be forced from her mouth.

For a second Susanne was transfixed and she was shocked to realise how much she wished these men were using her in such a manner. Her juices had begun to leak from her own cunt and were running down her thighs. Clamping her legs together in order to hamper the flow she pulled herself out of the trance, and shouted at the officer. 

"Get those animals off her." She began to run towards the girl but she was suddenly grabbed around the waist by the officer and carried struggling, away from the grunting maid and the by now sweating soldiers. 

He placed her down in the courtyard and held her by the shoulders saying gently, "It's a fact of war. This evening these men may well be dead, she'll merely be a little sore. Now pull yourself together and show me the quarters, I must be away in a few minutes."

He was so calm and matter of fact that she allowed him to lead her meekly away and she led him into the house, leaving Yyvette to her fate. She showed him into the salon, a room that she had taken such delight in furnishing. It was in fact two rooms that were separated by folding doors but today as if in preparation for this visit, the doors were open and the large dining table was sited centrally, showing that at least twenty people could be seated.

"I haven't enough chairs to seat so many", said Susanne.

"The quartermaster will bring some cartridge boxes, they'll have to suffice" said the officer.

"What is your name?" said Susanne, her voice quivering partly because of what she had just witnessed but mainly because of his disturbing closeness.

"I'm Major Robert Devane, adjutant to Colonel Ferguson of the 29th Highland Dragoons. And you Madame?"

"I'm Madame Susanne Jacquard, my husband is the mayor of Mont St. Jean, and he is at present on business in Brussels."

"I doubt you'll see him for a few days, Brussels is in turmoil and Boney is only a few miles south of here with a hundred thousand men. We hope to hold him at Quatre Bras but he's there in strength and it'll be a close run thing. I must go, I hope to see you this evening madam, you are tres, tres jolie!"

With this he turned and strode into the courtyard, leaving Susanne flustered, her mind unable to cope with her thoughts. She rushed to the door and shouted after him. "You haven't seen where you are to sleep."

Turning he replied flippantly. "If I get back alive, I'll need no sleep tonight and neither will you." He grabbed the reins of his horse and shouted. "McDonnell, McDuff, out here now!"

A second or two passed before the two men ran from the barn both trying to fasten the cords at the waist of their breeches. 

Major Devane turned towards Susanne and touching his fingers to his lips he blew her a kiss. Foolishly, Susanne caught it and placed it to her own lips. Robert turned the horses head before spurring off towards the gate. 

Susanne knew that if he survived that day she would be ridden in similar fashion by this man tonight. The thought both thrilled and shocked her, for she had only known one man in her life, her boring husband Armande. Armande was 55 years old and she was only 20 (Proven by her marriage certificate). Armande was kind but it was obvious that he had married her for her family's money and influence. 

It had taken him over a year to consummate the marriage and even then his cock had only briefly visited the crack between her legs and he had ejaculated on to her hairy cunt mound before even gaining entry. It was therefore reasonable to understand that because of what she had witnessed in the barn and the conversation between herself and the Major that her juices were pouring down her legs and soaking her stockings.

The soldiers had been marching back and forth since it was known that Bonaparte had left Elba and risked all to mount yet another offensive. Susanne hated Bonaparte, not because he was French, or because he had dominated Belgium for so long. She hated him because so many had died fighting for and against him. Many would die here today she knew and she fervently hoped that this brave and handsome man would not be numbered amongst them.

Coming to her senses she rushed to the barn. "Yyvette, Yyvette," she called. 

The girl was laying on her side, seemingly asleep. Susanne was suddenly filled with dread, was she dead? At that moment the girl moved and pushing herself up on one arm, she said, "I'm alright madam, they didn't hurt me." 

Her breasts hung heavily and looked pink and tender. She was covered in mud from the barn floor and the soldier's spunk was congealing on her face; the hair on her head; her cunt, and was running down her legs. 

Yyvette was eighteen years old (Shown clearly on her new 1815 work permit), her father had been killed in the wars and her mother had cared for herself and her daughter by earning a pittance teaching. 

Susanne and her brothers had been her pupils and when last year she had sickened and suddenly died Susanne had asked Armande to take the girl in. Armande, not known for charity, had demanded that the child work for her keep and the girl had willingly adopted the role of general maid within the house and farm. 

Having been well educated by her mother she could read and write in English and in French and despite the differences in their ages they were friends, as each had only the other with whom to pass the time and keep them both from the loneliness that was the bane of country life, especially because of Susanne's unhappy marriage.

Susanne knelt beside Yyvette and looking into her eyes said, "Are you really all right?"

Yyvette replied. "Yes, I was frightened when they pulled my shift off and started grabbing my tits but the older man told the younger (over 18) to be gentle. 

They didn't realise that I could understand them even though they both spoke in an odd accent. Murdoe the elder man told Jamie the younger, that they could both fuck me but mustn't hurt me or they would get into trouble. Murdoe told Jamie to fuck me first, as his cock being so big might split me open, so I was turned pushed to my knees and they parted by legs. 

The mud floor felt cold but the sensation disappeared as Murdoe bent down and opened my cuntlips, spitting on his hand he rubbed it all along the crack and over my love button. 

Any fear I had disappeared and if anything I was soon pushing backwards towards Jamie who by now was placing his cockhead against my slippery entrance. His entry was initially difficult, but as I had seen the farm animals rutting many times before I knew what was going on and it felt wonderful after the first couple of thrusts. 

A sensation I had never felt before had started in my belly and seemed to flood my whole being, before I knew what was happening to me, I was screaming."

"I thought you were being murdered," said Susanne.

"I thought so too, I had never experienced anything like it. Jamie had pumped his come into me before I had recovered my senses and Murdoe moving around to between my legs prepared to replace him. His cock was enormous, much bigger than Jamie, at least the size of a babies forearm, and I was thankful that he had been considerate enough to allow Jamie to penetrate me first and coat my cunt walls with his spunk. The purple cockhead was bigger than my fist and I knew fear at that moment but I mumbled in English for him not to hurt me and he replied in a gentle whisper. "Don't worry bairn, I'll be gentle for a while and soon you'll be begging for it." The pointed head nestled into my cunt entrance, and grasped each of my lips gently in his fingers and held them open as he eased the huge weapon inside me. I couldn't help but stiffen at the insertion of such a huge instrument into my previously virgin cunt. 

"Relax bairn," he whispered in my ear. "It'll go a might easier for yea." 

I relaxed and looking down between my legs I could see that at least four inches of this wicked weapon was now buried inside my belly. He stopped pushing, I think to allow me time to get used to the girth of him. 

Jamie had moved around to my face and asked me to lick his cock. I had never done this before and fearing that he might force my mouth open I licked the end. I think it tasted more of me than him, but anyway it was quite pleasant, so I opened my mouth and allowed him to slide his cock inside. 

It helped me to accept the sensations that were building in my belly due to Murdoe's thrusting, so I closed my lips around the shaft. Murdoe told me to imagine my lips were like my cunt and to gently caress the cock as it glided in and out. 

I suddenly realised that while my attention had been diverted he had thrust another three inches of his cock inside my belly. Looking down I could see at least another four inches of his shaft still outside of my clenched lips. 

Jamie was pulling at my tits roughly but I was surprised that even with this treatment the sensations were intense and the burning feeling I had experienced earlier began to build inside my belly. Suddenly my mind was consumed by a blinding light and my cunt and tits were on fire. 

I thrust back on to the huge cock that was invading my cunt and swallowed all that remained outside. Encouraged, Murdoe started to withdraw and my first thought was that he was finished with me and that this wonderful feeling was over but as I was about to plead with him not to stop, and with the cockhead at my very entrance, he thrust back inside me driving my breath from my body and propelling me forward onto the cock that filled my mouth, the head of which I had to allow to pass down my throat in order to ensure I wasn't hurt. I nearly gagged but realising that if I relaxed I could manage to accommodate both of these invasions of my body. 

The men had started a sawing rhythm keeping time with each other but before long Murdoe increased his speed of thrust and the burning feeling once again overcame me. I don't know how long they fucked me for my mind was in turmoil, my orgasms striking me one after another, but I would have willingly gone to my grave being used in such a manner. 

I must have passed out as when I came around I heard them talking together. "The mistress is a good looking lassie, the officers will ride her till dawn, you mark my words." Murdoe said.

"I bet they won't be as gentle with her as you were with this lassie" Jamie replied.

"They'll smear her cunt with some goose fat but she'll have to take all that survive the day, and if the major lives she'll know what a fuck is cause he's bigger both ways than me and by quite a bit," said Murdoe. At this point the major shouted for them and they grabbed up their breeches and ran off."

Susanne's belly was experiencing the sort of burning sensation that Yyvette had spoken of. Her head was swimming and she was almost fainting with the thought of what had been done to the girl and what appeared to be planned for her that evening. 

Yyvette took the look on Susanne's face as fear and suggested that her mistress should fly. Susanne shrugged of the advice and said that there was plenty of time for flight, and she was sure that the officers would not use a lady so. 

She helped Yyvette to her feet and supported her into the house, taking the girl into her own bedroom, where she laid her down, fetched a bowl of cool water and her own towels. When she returned to the bedroom she found the girl with her legs wide apart rubbing her engorged clitoris.

"I'm so sorry madame but I just had to enjoy that sensation again." Susanne pushed the girl's fingers away from her cunt and instructed her to lie back onto the pillow where she began to wash her.

"Lie still and let me clean you," Susanne said.

Yvette's breasts were pink with the rough handling that they had received and marks had been left by the squeezing fingers could now be clearly seen. 

Where the nipples had been sucked and bitten they stuck out rigidly from the surrounding brown oreal. Even though the girl was laying flat her breasts and nipples stood proud and upright pointing at the sky. 

Susanne washed the girls belly and parting her legs began to wash away the mud and the soldier's spunk that had matted the girl's cunt hair.

The girl sighed, "Put your fingers in me please, I really need it." 

Susanne pushed her forefinger into the girl's cunt. It was wet and sticky inside and the added pressure forced a white milky liquid from between the puffy lips of her cunt. Susanne's finger cupped a globule of the spunk; she sniffed at it and licked it from her fingers. She had to clamp her thighs together as the burning sensation erupted within her belly. She dropped the cloth and made to run from the room.

"Don't go," Yyvette said softly.

"I can't stay, I think I'm going to faint," Susanne gasped and rushed from the room. She ran down the stairs and out of the door, making her way across the yard towards the cool of the milk shed. 

Her trembling was hard to control and she wondered whether it was caused by the fear of what she would face that evening. Maybe it was, but she knew that fear or not, it was mixed with expectation and excitement. Either way she knew that after today she would not be the same woman.

Yyvette entered the shed. "What are you going to do," she said.

Susanne knew it was pointless to hide the truth. "I'm going to prepare myself to be mounted and ridden. I don't know why but I feel so excited by the thought of being used in such a way. You looked so wanton as they thrust their cocks into your body, and I couldn't help but wish that it had been me kneeling there in your place."

Yyvette nodded. "Don't forget I only had to service two men, you might have to take on ten or even twenty."

"Then you had better prepare me," gasped Susanne, suddenly realising the enormity of what she was letting herself in for. 

They returned to the house but as they entered, three wagons drawn by huge shire horses pulled into the yard. A large moustached man jumped from the leading wagon as it pulled up. "Your servant Ma'am. I've been informed that the officers of the 29th will be quartered here this night and I have their baggage,"

Susanne replied. "Are you the quartermaster? I have a requisition for supplies?"

"No ma'am. He'll be along later, give me the chitty and I'll make all the arrangements."

The large florid faced man took the note saying, "You'll find that they'll take animals from the farm for food, but if we win here today you'll be paid, if we lose you'll have to sort it out with the frogs."

Susanne realised that it was pointless to argue, especially with this man, so she showed him into the house. "Major Devane said that you would provide more chairs, I only have twelve?" (Sorry Moderator, I know I should have over eighteen).

"Don't worry Ma'am, I'll have some ammunition boxes brought in and I've men to help with the cooking and other arrangements."

She showed him where to stow the gear and the men began to unload the wagons. Amongst the equipment there was a low wooden bench with adjustable legs about thirty centimetres wide and two metres in length, covered in sumptuous red leather, which looked to be comfortably padded. Susanne thought that it must be used for seating at the table. She left the men to unload and with Yyvette in tow she climbed the stairs to her room.

"How shall I prepare myself?" Susanne asked the girl.

"My main discomfort was when the hair around my cunt was trapped inside as Murdoe was thrusting deeply into me. I think you should shave all your hair off down their."

"Could you do it for me? I've never done anything like that before."

"Of course madame," replied Yyvette.

"Please call me Susanne, we have become so much closer in these last few hours and I've always regarded you as more of a friend than a servant."

Susanne removed her day dress, bloomers and also her sodden stockings, and lay down upon the bed. "You will be the first person ever to have seen my cunt. My husband has only ever fumbled about down there, he only once got close and then he came over my mound before he had gained entrance! I'm really a virgin."

Yyvette had been sharpening Armande's razor and satisfied it had a keen edge; she brought soap and water in a basin and placed it next to Susanne.
