 Dmitri and Ray had been best friends since middle school. Now in their late twenties, both now respectable working professionals, albeit in the vastly different worlds of IT and baking, they still managed to get together at least month and month and enjoy each other's company over a movie, a friendly game of pool, or a late night beer session.

Dmitri's girlfriend of several years had suddenly dumped him and moved out of town recently, and he'd take it pretty hard. Even though it was late September and the weather forecast wasn't incredibly favorable, Ray managed to talk him into a weekend camping trip up at Linville Gorge. "Yeah, it'll be a little chilly and it's gonna pour buckets on Friday night, but the rest of the weekend's gonna be gorgeous and you know we'll have the whole place to ourselves. Perfect time to go out and get your head straight, right?" Dmitri protested, but only pro forma. Once Ray got an idea into his head, there was no dislodging it.

As advertised, on Friday night as the two friends set up their camp, the clouds rolled in thickly, whipped by gusts of blustery wind coursing through the mountains, bending the pine trees over at obscene angles. Fortunately, they were experienced campers and well-equipped for even a sudden fall storm like this one. They'd chosen a site off of the beaten path, staked down their oversized tent securely, and over-engineered the requisite drainage. As dusk settled in and the rain started down in earnest, they were just settling into their camp chairs in the front half of their tent for a final smoke before turning in for the night, when they became aware of a small voice calling from farther down the hill. "Help? Oh fuck. Help?!"

The friends exchanged worried glances, then threw on their ponchos and stepped out, calling back, "Up here! What's wrong?" A dim light flashed through the heavy rain a few dozen yards away. "Oh, thank fucking god." It was a woman's voice. The light grew closer, revealing itself as a small penlight being held in the grasp of a small, quite bedraggled woman. Her white t-shirt and khaki shorts were plastered to her cute, curvy form, leaving nothing to the imagination. Her long, dark red hair wetly framed her winsome face.

"Um, I am so, so sorry to throw myself on your mercy like this but... can we get out of the rain? I promise I'm not a fucking psycho killer or anything."

The friends exchanged a wry smile and ushered her into their tent, spacious for two, now a little cramped and damp. They threw their wet ponchos out, rummaged around for a towel and a large button-up shirt and a pair of flannel bottoms for their guest, and urged her to dry off and change while they turned their backs. Ray caught Dmitri's eye and gave him a salacious wink. Dmitri had a real thing for redheads. Dmitri blushed, rolled his eyes, and shook his head.

"Um. I guess I'm as presentable as it gets." Her voice was warm honey, amused and chagrined. "I can't believe how fucking stupid I am sometimes. Um, so I didn't check the weather before I came out this weekend which was pretty shitty, but my crowning achievement today was accidentally knocking my pack into the ravine. Tried to climb down and get it but when the rain blew in, I quickly decided that wet and miserable beats a broken neck. Thanks to you gentlemen, I'm not even that any longer. Oh, jesus, I haven't even told you my name: I'm Malory."

"I'm Ray and this is Dmitri. And hey, don't beat yourself up, we've done way stupider shit up here when we were younger. Remember the time when we were tripping on shrooms and you just had to climb up that ridge to catch the rising moon, Dmitri?"

"That was your idea, asshole. Hey, Malory, I, uh, it's nice to - uh, I mean glad we were here to help. Um. You can spend the night here, we'll help you get your pack in the morning."

"Oh, geez... I mean, thanks? Y'all're some fucking good dudes. Listen, I'll just like curl up in this chair here, you won't even know I'm here. I'm so sorry to barge in on you."

Ray snorted. "Do you have any idea what my mother would say if she heard that I let you do that? (And believe me, she's going to, we're going to dine out on this story for years.) No, Malory, you take my sleeping bag. I'm a fucking mountain boy born and bred, Dmitri here needs his beauty sleep, you're shivering like nobody's business. End of discussion."

Malory looked him up and down. "Dude. You're like 6'6", I don't even know how you'd fit in that chair. But okay, how about if we zip your bags together, I'll squeeze in between you. But maybe don't tell your mom about that part."

Ray and Dmitri exchanged another look, shrugged, and assented. Shortly thereafter, the three had settled in: Ray on the right and left facing away, Malory lying in the middle facing upwards. The two friends couldn't help brushing up against her as they'd awkwardly squirmed in and were trying their best to calm their raging erections.

For long minutes, no one spoke. The rain fell heavily on the tent roof, and the chill air outside contrasted luxuriously with the warmth of the sleeping bag.

Finally, Malory spoke. "Just so you know, I'm on the pill. Also, I got screened for stds last week after I found out my now ex-boyfriend had been sleeping with that slut, Annie Horvath. Also, I'm horny as fuck and you guys are cute as shit. In case there's anything you'd like to do with that information. Though, I mean, if those hard-ons are for each other, I get it, I'll get out of the way for a minute and let you do your thing!"

Ray laughed and Dmitri snorted. Ray spoke up, "Nah, I mean, I'll stick it in anything that doesn't get out the way fast enough, but Dmitri's pretty straight." He rolled over and began stroking Malory's face and arms. "You're cute as shit yourself. Okay, as for me, my girlfriend and I fuck around all the time. We get screened every month, I'm clean too. Dmitri just got dumped and he's Mr. Faithful, no worries about him."

Ray nuzzled Malory's neck and ran one hand gently up the inside of her shirt, grazing her taut belly and perky breasts. "Here's the thing, though. This is Dmitri's weekend, I'm going to have to defer to him. Maybe he's in the mood, maybe not. I fucking hope so. What do you say, Big D?"

Malory rolled over to cuddle up behind Dmitri. He felt her hard nipples pressing against his back and her slender arms wrap around him. She kissed the back of his neck, then his throat, then began to nibble her way towards his ear. He shrugged and said, "I don't want a pity fuck."

Malory laughed out loud. "Dmitri, if anyone's getting pity fucked tonight, it's the girl whose dumb ass dropped her backpack off the side of a mountain. But seriously, damn, you're cute as shit. If we met in town, I'd be trying to get you my number. Cute smile, nice beard, you smell good. What's not to like?" She reached down with one hand, resting it atop his swollen crotch. "I want your cock inside me."

Dmitri rolled over, propped himself up on one arm, and reached out for her the curve of her hip with the other. "Really?"

Malory slid over, pressing the front of her body firmly against his. She kissed him on the lips, nibbled his scratchy throat, pulled up his shirt and kissed her way down the front of his hairy torso. She felt Ray pull off her own shirt as she did so. Reaching Dmitri's belly, she eased his briefs downwards, freeing his thick, sticky cock. She licked its base, then tongued her way up the shaft before enveloping its head. Ray had gathered up her hair and held it out of her face with one hand while he worked the other down the back of her flannel bottoms to cup her round ass cheeks. Malory slurped her way down a few inches of Dmitri's thick cock and started working his shaft with her hand. Ray slid one long finger into her hot wet slit, eliciting a gargled moan.

He fingered her for a few minutes as she worshipped Dmitri's cock. Ray pulled out, licked his finger salaciously, then gently took Malory by the shoulders and pulled her up and rolled her over, waving his own smooth, long, narrow cock in her face. She lunged for it once or twice, missing in the dark, before he took her face in his hands and guided her onto it. She had squirmed up and was nestled against Dmitri, her pajama bottoms discarded now, ass cheeks pressed against his throbbing, slobbery cock. Dmitri traced lines up and down her back and sides with his fingers, reaching around now and then to pinch her nipples. Ray found the right angle and slid his cock fully into Malory's eager throat, slowly fucking it now, making her emit delightfully sexy glucking sounds.

Dmitri's cock twitched in excitement; he'd never done anyone remotely like this with a woman before. Tentatively, he reached around and began to stroke Malory's clit. She clutched at him and tried to mouth something around Ray's cock, but he couldn't understand. He paused, uncertain, but she grabbed his hand and returned it to her clit, helping him find her rhythm now. Ray pulled out for a moment, giving her a breath with which to yelp, "Oh god I'm going to c-" before taking her throat again. Malory convulsed, gagged, twitched, and finally pulled herself off of Ray's throat to shriek loudly against the thunderous downpour. "FUCK YES!"

She turned around, gripped Dmitri by the shoulders, pushed him onto his back, and slid her sopping wet cunt onto his throbbing cock in one smooth motion. Still in the after-throes of her orgasm, she ran her fingers through his curly hair, clenching now and again. She squeezed his cock tightly with her cunt, relaxed, then squeezed again. Ray had stepped behind her, reaching down to caress and pinch her breasts. As he did, she started fucking Dmitri with quick, short bursts and wailed as another orgasm rippled through her. "Jesus, fuck, you guys are fucking amazing," she gasped. "Don't stop!"

"I had no intention, Malory," murmured Ray. "In fact, I had something really intense in mind." He bent down for a long, slow tongue kiss. "Have you ever taken two guys at once before?"

Her heart leapt with nervous excitement. "No, but if you know what you're doing..." Impossibly, her cunt got even wetter at the thought of two cocks inside her at the same time.

Ray kissed his way down her back as she rocked gently back and forth atop Dmitri, their fingers intertwined. "Do you like it in the ass?" he murmured.

"If I've cum first, yeah. Just... be gentle."

"Dmitri, are you good with this, buddy?"

"Ray, this is fucking amazing. If Malory's into it, go for it."

"Okay." Ray had found some oil in their cooking supplies and greased his pole with it. He pushed Malory gently forward and slid one finger into her tight asshole, one knuckle, then two. Dmitri could feel it pushing lightly against his cock. Malory trembled in anticipation and tried to relax her ring.

"Malory," Ray whispered, "make yourself cum while I tell you what my cock is going to do." He pulled one hand away from its embrace with Dmitri and positioned it on her clit. "The head of my cock is going to push up against your tight little asshole. My hands are going to spread your cheeks wide, and I'm going to push the head into your ass. Then slowly, inevitably, all seven inches of my naked cock are going to invade your ass. You're going to feel Dmitri's fat cock stretching your cunt, and my long cock stretching your ass, and rubbing against each other, and you're going to-"

"oh fuck oh fuck oh FUCK I'M CUMMING" Malory jolted back and forth, her ass squeezing tightly as Ray eased his finger out, then before she could catch her breath, he replaced it with the head of his cock, and just as he described, invaded her ass inch by inch. His cock felt like it was a mile long and it seemed to take hours to enter all the way. He held her hips firmly as he did, not letting her scoot forward or backward. Finally, he leaned forward and whispered in her ear, "How does it feel to have two cocks inside you?"

"Shit, this is fucking intense. Wait, a minute, let me," she paused, squeezed experimentally with her cunt, then her ass, cooing softly. She squeezed again with both simultaneously, then with each in turn again. Nothing hurt, not exactly; she just had the most incredible feeling of sexy fullness and the aching desire to be fucked into an orgasm.

"Can you... both take turns, just a little, and see, oh fuck, fuuuuuuck hang on, that's too much, oh god, Dmitri, will you please, can you just fuck me slowly, oh baby, jesus fuck, rub my clit, that's right, oh god I'm cumming I'm cumming I'm cummming on your cocks" and at the same time Dmitri suddenly erupted inside her cunt with several long, strangled grunts and gasps. She pumped his softening cock slowly, covering his face with kisses and pulling his hands up to fondle her tits.

Ray still rock hard cock twitched inside her ass. He gripped her hips as he now slowly began to fuck her ass with long, deep strokes. He could have lasted a while longer, but sensed the moment was right. "That was amazingly fucking hot. Malory, darling, where would you like my cum?"

Malory laughed, slightly giddy. "You're such a fucking gentleman. Ray whatever your last name is, please cum in my tight little ass." Ray pointlessly closed his eyes, impaled her fully onto his pole, and squirted wads of cum deep inside her.

Gently, the three leaned sideways onto the tangle of sleeping bags and listened to the slackening rain. Ray's cock slipped out of her greasy, cum-drenched asshole, but Dmitri's softening cock remained thickly inside her cunt. Indeed, it began to harden a couple of times, whereupon Malory giggled and squirmed slightly. Leaning forward to kiss Dmitri on the lips, she put her arms around him and hugged tightly. Dmitri put his arms around her and Ray, and they lay in that stiflingly warm embrace until Ray and Malory both began to doze off.

Dmitri rolled onto his back and contemplated, cock sore, mind abuzz. He and Ray were supposed to be out here all weekend. Maybe... surely... maybe she might want to stay with them? His cock stiffened abruptly and decisively, Malory shifted sleepily, rubbing against it and murmuring something.

It was going to be a good weekend.