 Fall 1997

"Get out of my way!" Britney said once Jun and Xue helped her to stand.

Britney had fallen down in front of the two women, drunk and crying.

"If I want my nails done and a facial, I'll let you know!" Britney cried out. "Now let me go!"

Shaking free, Britney marched up the stairs, wiping her eyes. The two Asian women watched the blonde woman, then looked at other confused. Their boyfriends approached them. 

"What's up baby-girl?" Darterrius asked smiling and handing a drink to Xue his girlfriend.

At six foot two, Darterrius was a tall and muscular football player, although he had strong African facial features, his skin was the colour of peanut butter.

Jun spoke up first. "I don't know what her problem is!"

"Who da bitch?" Tyreese asked looking around at the packed house.

"It was Britney." Xue replied. "I bet her Sadie Hawkins date said no!"

Everyone groaned at Xue's words as people slipped by them at the busy party.

"Don't tell me that's not a real thing in America?" Said Xue, who was from Markham Ontario.

Tyreese took a breath before he tried to explain it, he however was cut off by Jun, his red-haired Chinese-American girlfriend.

"Someone oughta fuck that girl up!" Jun declared loud enough to be heard above the music.

"Ya!" Agreed Xue, who spilt her drink as she pumped her fist in the air.

Tyreese and Darterrius shared a glance, which was followed by a silent nod. Tyreese was the same height as his friend, but that's where the similarities ended. He played basketball and was leaner; his skin was also the colour of caramel with a hint of red, most folks assumed he had some Cherokee blood in him.

"We'll take care of her." Tyreese said.

"Uh... yeah." Darterrius added. "What he said."

Xue took a huge swig of her drink then yelled out. "Hold that bitch upside down and dunk her blonde hair into the toilette!"

The girls gave each other a high-five, then clashed their drinks together as they cheered.

"Keep Lance busy for about half an hour, and we'll take care of her." Tyreese said before giving Jun a kiss on the cheek and motioning for Darterrius to follow him upstairs.

Once they were alone, Xue said to Jun. "How do we keep that jock busy for half an hour?"

Jun pondered this before saying "I think the real question where is he?"

Meanwhile upstairs the boys had found Britney, she was sitting alone on the edge of a bed crying in the dark. 

"How you want to do this? Darterrius asked quietly, "Maybe you be Brutus, and I'll be Cassius?"

"I was thinkin this..." Tyreese started to say. "If these were slave days, and you was a field hand, and I was the house N..."

"What you sayin?" Darterrius said loud enough to get shushed by Tyreese. 

"I'm just saying." Tyreese said. "There's a time to pull the plow, and a time to use elegant words."

"I think I see what you sayin T-dog." Darterrius replied.

"Good! Cus I'm running out of slave metaphors!" Tyreese replied.

Tyreese leaned in close to whisper his plans to Darterrius, who nodded in agreement.

Once it had all been agreed upon, Tyreese slowly entered the darkened room as Darterrius remained in the hall out of sight.

"Britney?" Tyreese said softly.

She was dressed in a tennis outfit, with a pink shirt and white skirt. At five foot six Britney was blue-blooded blonde with snow white skin, and icy attitude to go with it. She was from New England, and naturally enough as head of the cheerleader squad, she dated Lance the Captain of the football team.

"What do you want?" She said nastily, "I didn't order a drink."

Tyreese took a deep breath, he knew she was a frosty bitch, but just like Edmond Hilary, he knew she was an Everest he could climb! Feeling bold, he moved closer and set a hand on her knee, then brushed an errand strand of hair from her face.

"I came to see if you're alright," He said softly. "I saw that you fell."

His easy words seemed to have drained her of her anger; Tyreese also noticed that she didn't push his hand away. 

"Thank-you." Britney said with a sigh. "It's Lance."

Tyreese deciding to wait for her to speak remained silent.

"It's not just what he's doing tonight..." She said trailing off, "Lately when ever he goes to see that fat tutor of his, he comes back smelling like perfume! And I can't seem to figure out who it is."

Tyreese understood instantly who she spoke of, it had to be the manipulative Felicia. Regardless, as if he were a blacksmith, the time to strike the hot iron had arrived.

"Britney, did you ever hear the story of Prince Mandingo?"

"Uh... no?" Britney said softly.

"He was the eldest son of an African King, and was sold into the American slave trade by his envious brothers."

Tyreese slid his hand higher as he spoke, all the while Britney looked intently into his dark brown eyes.

"His master was a vain man who took advantage of his rights as a slave owner." Tyreese said. "The masters wife was both jealous and angry at this, and sought revenge."

"What did she do?" Britney questioned, as Tyreese's hand reached her white thigh under her skirt.

Tyreese cupped her face in his hand, to guide it closer to his own as he spoke. "She took the noble and brave Mandingo as a lover, and turned her husband into a cuckold."

With those words they started to kiss, Tyreese's fingers were between Britney's legs, her cotton panties were wet to the touch. As their tongues wrestled she reached for his groin; she gasped when she felt his hardened manhood.

Time was not on Tyreese's side, so he sought to pass through the foreplay phase as fast as possible. He removed his hand from her face, and moved it up under the back of her shirt to attack her brassiere clasp. While he did this he kissed her neck; his other hand was between her legs pushing on the dampness, causing her to moan loudly.

Tyreese stood up to pull off Britney's shirt, she raised her hands to help him, then he removed her bra. Her breasts were slightly larger than Jun's, with small pink areola's, he squeezed one, then the other; each time tugging on her nipple until they were stiff and erect.

Britney seemed to get the hint as he stood firm between her legs. As she reached forward to undo his pants the room plunged into darkness, it was as if someone had closed the door. Britney didn't seem to mind the added privacy.

"It feels so big..." Britney said over the muffled music.

It was now Tyreese's turn to take a deep breath as Britney tried to deep throat his eight inches of red wood! She didn't get too far before giving up, she instead licked the head and jerked his stiff rod.

He judged it to be a weak attempt at a blow job, but not the worst; Tyreese mentally shuddered as he thought about the terrible experience Noa had given him years before.

Britney's oral performance was the fastest the Detroit born Tyreese had ever experienced! It then finally dawned on him! Britney just assumed that because she was considered attractive she didn't have to work as hard at it. 

As Britney lay on her back with her legs wide open waiting for him, Tyreese knew right then and there that this was going to be an interesting night!

Downstairs Xue and Jun were at a loss to find Lance; his football buddies were of no help either. One after another they all shrugged their shoulders mumbling weak answers. 

"I have an idea!" Jun cried out, "Xue give me your panties!"

Xue was dressed in a plaid mini-skirt, and white t-shirt with several of her top buttons undone.

"Not a good idea..." Xue replied dragging her words out. 

"Period?" Jun asked.

"No..." Xue said shyly, "Darterrius and I had sex before having a nap, they are a mess!"

"That's perfect!" Jun replied eyeing Tommy standing next to Felicia across the room.

Tyreese climbed up on Britney, she groaned as in distress when she realized that he wasn't going to eat her out. He definitely didn't want to find out if Lance had left a creampie insider her for him.

A noise from beside the bed broke the sexual tension that was building up to him penetrating Britney. 

"What was that?" She asked.

Tyreese scrambled to think of an excuse! Sweat began to form on his brow, and butterflies appeared in his stomach.

"It was the bed creaking under us." He said as he leaned forward.

"Oh..." Britney said as Tyreese slid into her wet canal.

Tyreese was certain that Britney did have another man's load inside her moist womb. Her pussy felt wet... incredibly wet as he pushed inch after inch deeper. 

Britney moans increased in volume until he bottomed out, she suddenly went quiet. Her body then shuddered slowly, then violently as orgasmic joy spread across her body. Tyreese remained motionless until the shakes subsided, then he slowly withdrew his tool until just the tip was inside her lips, then he would slam down with the fury and might of a meteorite as he crashed into her.

"I think I just had my first orgasm!" Britney said bewildered.

Tyreese was hammering her twat with too much power to bother replying. He wanted to leave her absolutely raw for a week from the pounding he was giving her!

He ceased his thrusting suddenly, then gripped her tightly as he rolled to the centre of the bed. Britney make a startled yelp, then when she realized that she was on top she spoke.

"I don't do this position!" She complained.

"Quit with the talking already, do you want to make him jealous?" Tyreese said in challenge.

Britney let her body do the talking as she raised and lowered her hips on Tyreese, she did this several times before grinding down heavily. As she did this her body began to shake again with the force of her second orgasm.

For the price of a pair of cum soaked panties, Tommy gave up readily the location of the man he tutored in math. The girls went straight to the quiet sitting room to find Lance sitting on the sofa with his pants down and a girl between his legs.

Xue and Jun froze when they saw them, they were both disgusted and hypnotized by what was happening. Neither of them knew the woman, but she was a chubby and white with long brown hair that kept getting in her way. 

Her large white breasts were out, and sitting in Lance's lap. He had his head back and his eyes closed, and thankfully, the angle they were on the white woman sucking cock couldn't see them either.

At six feet tall Lance was muscular, blonde man from Kamloops, British Columbia. Most folks assumed that he was a dumb jock, and for the most part, they would be right.

She stroked Lance's ivory coloured love-stick while her head bobbed up and down. Both women noticed that Lance was slightly shorter than their men. Xue started to giggle, but Jun shushed her quickly.

"Lance..." The chubby woman whined, "My jaw is sore!"

"Keep going bitch!" Lance said slurring his words. "I'm close!"

"I don't want your cum in my mouth!" The woman said.

He then pushed her hand away as he stood up, then grabbing her by the hair, he put his cock in her mouth and stroked it vigorously. 

Meanwhile upstairs Tyreese was fucking Britney doggy style, she had gotten 'tired' of being on top, and demanded a new position. He didn't mind this one bit, in the dark her cute looks meant nothing, besides he was running out of time.

SLAP!!

He slapped Britney's ass as hard as he could, she yelped then started her now familiar orgasmic shake. Tyreese slapped her tight cheerleader ass a few more times, he wanted her to wake up with a glowing bottom!

Despite being a lazy lay, Tyreese however admired Britney's tight twat. He knew he couldn't hold back his own rising ecstasy. Taking a few deep breaths didn't help at all, so he then looked to the side of bed and gestured with his hand.

Tyreese grabbed Britney's hips tightly with his hands, then squeezed even harder as he fucked with a furry and might that she had never seen before!

"Aaaaarrrrrggggghhhhhh!!" He cried out as he exploded like a modern Thera.

Sperm gushed forth from his penis into Britney's heated uterus. She groaned in pleasure as she received his gift. If she weren't on the pill, and if she were ovulating, she'd have a billion sperm to worry about!

"Did you cum inside me?" She shrieked. 

"No," Tyreese said calmly as he pulled his spent rod from Britney's creamy pussy. "I just wanted to get a drink."

"Oh?" Britney said remaining on all fours. "Hurry up!"

Tyreese laid down on the floor, as Darterrius stood up, he was naked with a hard-on, ready to take his place.

"I'm good now!" Tyreese said.

"Oh..."Britney cooed, "You feel thicker!"

Downstairs Jun and Xue were unable to blink as Lance neared eruption! Neither woman had seen another couple have sex together, let alone witness a man cumming down a woman's throat! 

The white women seemed to have changed her mind when Lance erupted; he however had a solid grip on her. It was already too late for her to escape the globs of white goo sliding down her throat.

They couldn't see the load of sperm making its way towards the chubby woman's stomach save the twin slime trails snaking down from each side of her mouth. Xue and Jun were convinced that Lance had taken advantage of the poor girl until he shifted his body and they could see that she had one hand pinching her large nipple, and the other between her legs.

Lance stepped back, letting the girl go to stroke his manhood into his hand. The chubby girl kept going at herself; her orgasm had yet to arrive. When it did, she grunted loudly, then exhaled deeply as she sat down.

"You asshole!" She said after gulping down cum. "I told you not too cum in my mouth."

"Yeah, yeah!" Lance said dismissively as he walked over to her.

"What the fuck!" The girl cried out as Lance tussled her hair with is jizz infused fingers. 

"Yeah, that's for the shitty blowjob Elizabeth." Lance said with a laugh.

"Fuck you asshole!" Elizabeth said.

"So feisty!" Lance said smiling. "I don't want to be your Sadie Hawkins date any more!"

Xue shot Jun a look and mouthed the words 'I was right!'

"That isn't even a thing you idiot!" Elizabeth shouted.

Elizabeth stood and redressed, she then tried her to clean herself up without any success. Lance found his beer, then sat down to drink it with he pants still around his ankles. Elizabeth flipped him the bird, swearing as she stormed off.

The two girls looked at each other wondering how they'd keep Lance occupied for another eighteen minutes!

"Just follow my lead." Xue said to Jun as she stepped into the room.

Tyreese came downstairs and wandered the party, he waved at Brian and Oliver who were chatting in a corner. He also saw and avoided Elizabeth who looked like she'd be gangbanged by the school's football team.

When he found Lance, he was sitting with his pants down on a sofa, stroking his semi-flaccid penis. On either side of him were Jun and Xue, it looked like they were either flirting, or teasing him. It didn't make sense, but seeing that he'd just fucked a girl on a dare, he decided not to make an issue of it.

Tyreese cleared his throat to announce his entrance, the two girls went instantly pale, with shifty eyes and guilty faces.

"Uh, hey Lance." He said.

"Oh, uh..." Lance stammered. "Wad up D?"

Tyreese opened his mouth to correct him when he realized that he was wearing Darterrius' shirt! 

"Yeah, I'm good." Tyreese said trying to act like his friend. "Say, you wanna pull up your pants and come with me?"

Lance finished his drink, burped, then tried to speak. "Sure! What's up?"

"I found you the perfect Sadie Hawkins date!" Tyreese replied.

Lance stood, and pulling up his pants he left with Tyreese. He told the girls to get some drinks and that he and Darterrius would be back down shortly. 

As Tyreese reached the steps it dawned on him that Xue wasn't wearing any panties when she was on the sofa!