 My name is Tracey. I am 33 years old and been happily married to Lee for several years. I am, what in today’s language, is described as a BBW. Oh yes, I am a big, beautiful, woman.

Lees’ 40th birthday is coming up soon and I have decided to have a professional photograph done of myself and put it in a really nice frame. I saw an advert for a photographers in our local town and have made an appointment. I told them what I wanted and they said it was something they do all the time. 

I made an appointment for 1 o’clock which would give me plenty of time to have it done and get home before Lee arrives home from work. I picked up the clothes I wanted to be photographed in and went for my appointment.

An attractive young girl let me in and introduced me to the photographer. I shook hands with him as he introduced himself as Mark. We sit for a few minutes and I explain what sort of thing I am after. Mark shows me a selection of photos he has done for other people and I am very impressed with them.

Mark explains that he has several assistants to help him out. He says the first one I should meet is Dave, he’s a professional make up artist who has worked on several TV shows. Mark picks up the phone and asks Dave to come in. After a few minutes the door opens and in walks Dave - a very good looking black man in his late 20s. 

Dave walks around me and looks closely at my face. He smiles at me and assures me he will make me look stunning for my husband. Mark tells me to go with Dave while he sets up the cameras in the studio.

I follow Dave into a small room and sit in front of a huge make up mirror. There is a large selection of make up in front of me. First Dave puts a scarf over my hair to keep my face clear and starts applying the make up. This is the first time I have ever had make up put on for me and I find it very relaxing. Secretly I also enjoy the attention of a good looking young man who takes every opportunity to flirt with me.

As I said I am very happily married to Lee and have never even considered being unfaithful to him but I did enjoy the attention Dave was giving me.

Although I am a large lady I consider myself to be attractive and with Dave’s very capable assistance I admired myself in the mirror and was pleased how his make up skills enhanced my looks.

Soon Dave was finished and we both agreed he had done a good job. I told him it was time for me to get changed and he smiled and asked if I wanted a hand. I jokingly told him I could manage but if I got stuck I would call him.

Dave walked out and I got changed. I had chosen a long dress with a low cut top that showed off my ample cleavage. I know how much Lee enjoys my large breasts. I put on hold up stockings and decided not to wear any knickers as I didn’t want a knicker line showing through the dress. I put on a bra that pushed my breasts up. Finally I completed my dressing with a pair of high heel shoes.

I admired myself once more before walking out into the studio. Mark and Dave were standing by a number of cameras on tripods. There were 2 other men with them. Mark introduced them as Tony, the lighting technician and Rob the odd job man.

Tony took my hand and led me in front of a large white screen and told me to relax as much as possible. Mark said he needed to take 2 or 3 quick shots to get the range and lighting right. I stood very stiffly and felt uncomfortable as they adjusted the lighting and moved the cameras about.

Eventually Mark was happy and Tony gave me a stool to sit on first. Mark gave me lots of instructions and kept getting me in different poses and different facial expressions as he clicked away. Then he took the camera off the tripod and moved in closer and photographed me from different angles. As time went on I relaxed and enjoyed it more.

Mark got me to lean forward so that my large breasts were more exposed. I was very reluctant but Mark told me to just imagine how Lee would enjoy it. I leaned forward and was afraid that my breasts would pop out. As Mark moved in even closer he called out to Dave and said he was getting a shadow from the dress on one of my breasts and could he do anything about it. Dave looked and told me to wait a minute. 

He came back carrying a make up brush and some powder. He reached forward and held my dress down and exposed a little more breast. I stood up and asked him what he was doing. He told me to calm down and said he was a professional and was only going to put some powder on my breast to hide the shadow. I apologised and got back into my original pose.

Dave leant forward again and eased my right breast out of my dress a little more and lightly brushed some powder over it. This was a terrible thing to admit, but I enjoyed it.
 As the session went on I felt more relaxed. All the men were good company and although it was a job for them they obviously enjoyed their work. There was quite a lot of flirting going on and I have to admit I enjoyed it.

After about an hour Mark suddenly said that he had finished and that he thought he had a good selection of photographs to choose from. I was little disappointed as I had been enjoying myself. They could see this on my face and Dave said they had a good selection of sexy underwear and why didn’t I give Lee a really great birthday photograph of me dressed in some kinky underwear.

I looked at them in dismay and told them I had never worn anything like that before and had no intention of starting now. Mark came up to me and put his hand round my shoulder and apologised and said the last thing they wanted was to upset me.

I smiled and realised I had over reacted and apologised. Mark suggested we did a few slightly ‘suggestive’ photos and if I felt uneasy he would stop straight away. I thought for a few minutes and said I would as long as I was happy with them and that I definitely wasn’t going to dress in any kinky underwear.

One of the other lads suddenly appeared with a bottle of wine and we stood and had a drink. I admit it made a little more relaxed.

I stood back again against the screen and Mark suggested I bent down even more and let my tits hang right out. I was surprised when he used the word ‘tits’ as before he was very polite and had only referred to them before as breasts. I leant forward and eventually I realised I was showing my nipples. I also felt them hardening. I thought ‘Oh God, don’t get excited’.

Mark moved around taking shots from different angles and when he asked me to pinch my nipples and make them harder I surprised myself by doing so. And I enjoyed it. Mark called Dave over and asked him to touch up my lipstick. Dave stood in front of me. My breasts were exposed and I pouted my lips for an unknown black man to put lipstick on for me. 

Whatever was happening to me. Whatever it was, I was enjoying it.

Mark said he thought my nipples would look good with some lipstick on them. I had never heard of anything like this before. I couldn’t believe he was suggesting this. But something inside me wouldn’t let me stop this happening.

Dave took a lipstick pencil and drew a perfect cicle round my large aureolae and then using a bright red lipstick coated the whole of my nipples. I felt them hardening all the time. Oh no, I was now getting a little moist between the legs. I had to stop this straight away. But I couldn’t. I decided just another couple of photos and then I was going home.

Dave still hadn’t finished with my tits. Oh no, now I was using the word ‘tits’, not breasts. I do not have thoughts like this. I do not use words like this. But as I said, Dave had not finished with my tits. He now took some lip gloss and liberally covered my nipples with it.

I looked in a mirror and loved the way they looked. I told myself I was doing it for Lee and how much he would enjoy the photos. It would turn him on and he would take me up to bed and make love to me.

Mark took lots of photos of my tits from all angles and I enjoyed the attention I was getting from him. When he had done he suggested just one last shot for Lee’s enjoyment. He wanted me to take my dress off and take just one last photo. He said that if I was embarrassed he would ask the others to leave and he would take just one photo.

I told him I had done more than I should have and I wanted to go home. Mark said that was fine by him but he was sure Lee would love the photo and wouldn’t object to it. I thought for a few minutes and decided that one last photo was all it was going to be. I was doing this for Lee.

I forgot about asking the others to leave and reached round to unzip my dress. Rob immediately came forward and unzipped it for me. The dress fell to the floor and as I stepped out of it I stumbled and Rob caught me and stopped me from falling. I felt his hands on my naked body. I now stood wearing only stockings and high heel shoes and painted nipples.

Rob moved back behind the camera and Mark got me to pose sexily with my tits hanging down and my legs apart. I desperately hoped they couldn’t see the moisture on my pussy lips. Oh no, I was using rude words again. I never called it my pussy.

Mark said the lipstick on my tits had smudged and asked Dave to take care of it. He came over to me and I swear I could see the outline of his erection through his trousers. He leaned against me as he touched up the lipstick on my nipples. I could feel his erection against me. The sooner this was over the better. Dave seemed to take ages retouching my lipstick. I felt my nipples getting harder but worst of all I felt myself pressing myself against him.

I knew I had to stop straight away, but I couldn’t. I felt Daves hand on my bum and then between my legs.

My legs parted automatically and I felt his fingers stroking me. My eyes closed as I loved what he was doing to me. I knew it was wrong but was powerless to stop it.

My hand reached down and felt his erect cock through his trousers. Oh God, I wanted it, I wanted this black man to fuck me. I said to myself, ‘sorry Lee’.

I had not done this since we were married. I had not even thought about doing this. I knew Lee looked at porn on the internet. I had been a good girl during our marriage. My only small lapse was when I bought myself a vibrator. To this day Lee doesn’t know I have this and when he is at work I often play with myself using it.

But this was different. I felt so horny. I opened my eyes and was shocked at what I saw. The other 3 men had now undressed and stood in front of me. Their erect cocks standing to attention. It was me that had caused this. A happily married overweight woman had made 4 young virile men get erections. It was all my doing. 

Standing in front of me were 4 young men wanting to fuck me. And I was standing here wanting to be fucked by these 4 young men.

They all moved over to me. I felt their hands everywhere. I closed my eyes. I felt two mouths on my nipples. I felt them being sucked into two hungry mouths. I loved it as they sucked them and made them even harder. Dave had undressed now and my hand reached down for his erect cock. I had never seen a black one before and now I knew I was going to be fucked by it. My other hand reached out and took another cock. I didn’t know whose it was. I didn’t care I just wanted to play with it.

Someone suggested we went into another room. We walked along the passageway. I still held a cock in each hand.
 We went into a room that had a large double bed. I lay down and Mark and Tony lay either side and sucked my nipples again. Rob sat by my head and offered his large cock to my mouth. I turned my head and opened my mouth. Rob leaned forward and I took his cock in my mouth.

Then I felt Dave between my legs. This is what I really wanted. I wanted a large black cock to fuck me. I was so wet by now that his cock slipped in so easily. The size of it made me gasp with pleasure. It was even larger than my vibrator. Dave started thrusting slowly. I was in heaven. I sucked on Rob’s cock and the others hungrily sucked my nipples.

Dave was so gentle, almost withdrawing his cock before plunging it in as deep as it would go. I felt my orgasm nearing. God, I wanted to cum so much. I called out to him to do it harder. FUCK ME HARDER, I yelled. Dave didn’t disappoint. In a matter of seconds I was cumming, but Dave wasn’t. He continued this lovely slow fucking action and soon my second orgasm was approaching, then a third before I felt Dave cumming. The feeling as I felt his hot seed shoot deep inside my pussy was wonderful.

Soon he withdrew and Rob took his place. Rob was slightly smaller than Dave but my sucking had got him really ready and after a very short time I felt him explode inside me. I was absolutely sopping wet. I could feel the mixture of Dave and Robs cum and my juices seep out of my pussy.

Dave moved beside my mouth. He was hard again. I opened it wide and could just take it in. Lee had never cum in my mouth but now I wanted to taste a mans cum. No, that was wrong, I wanted to taste Dave’s cum.

Rob was replaced with Tony or Mark. I don’t know who it was. I was in a dream. All I know is that I was being fucked again. But I was concentrating on the black cock in my mouth. I could taste the combination of his and my cum. I loved it.

Tony or Mark was again making me cum and as whoever it was cum inside me he was immediately replaced with the other. I genuinely lost count of the times I had cum. Eventually all 4 men had cum inside me. They had gone back to sucking my nipples and someone was now licking my pussy. I knew they were going to make me cum yet again but what I really wanted was this black cock to cum in my mouth.

I sucked harder. For a second I thought about Lee and how he would like to cum in my mouth. Maybe I would let him now, maybe I wouldn’t. The thought soon passed by.

Dave was almost there. I feel it throbbing against my lips. I had yet another orgasm as someones lips and tongue coaxed another huge cum from my pussy.

Then I felt it. Wave after wave of hot spunk shot from Dave’s cock deep inside my mouth. I clamped my lips tight around the tip. I didn’t want any to escape. He took his cock out. My mouth was full of black man’s cum. I loved the salty taste of it. I thought of swallowing but knew I couldn’t. I let it swill around in my mouth. I adored the texture and taste of it. Maybe I will let Lee cum in my mouth.
 We collapsed and lay down on the bed and recovered. I drifted off into a light contented sleep for a few minutes. I was awoken by the very gentle licking of my pussy. I didn’t even open my eyes but just lay there enjoying the sensation. I felt my legs being held wide apart and this so very gentle touch of a soft tongue licking me from my anus all the way to the tip of my clit. I was in heaven and just lay back enjoying it.

Then I felt a gentle stroking of my nipples. There was a pair of hands on each breast and first a very gentle caress of each nipple to make it hard and then the stronger pinching and squeezing of them. All the time the gentle licking down between my legs was continuing. Eventually I decided I had to see which of my four lovers it was. I lifted my head and opened my eyes.

Surprise, surprise, it was neither of them. It was the young girl receptionist. She was undressed too. I didn’t even know her name but here she was licking my very wet pussy and I knew that very soon she was going to make me cum. I had to sit up and watch her. I wanted to watch make me cum. I couldn’t see her face, only the slowly up and down movement of her head against my pussy. 

This was heaven. I had never had any lesbian tendencies before but this felt oh so good. Then a voice asked me if I liked anal sex. I smiled broadly and nodded. I felt a moist finger rubbing around the edge of my anus. This was heaven , but I wanted more. I wanted this finger inside me. I wanted to be finger fucked in my arse.

Slowly this finger eased inside me. Then slowly withdrew and then back in again and then out and in. Oh my God, I adored it. I pleaded with whoever it was. 

‘Please, harder, faster, finger fuck my arse, oh yes its wonderful’.

The finger owner obliged. The pussy licking girl sped up her movements. The nipple suckers sucked harder. My orgasm was almost there. I didn’t want it to end. The pleasure was just unbelievable as eventually they bought me to the greatest orgasm I had ever experienced.

As my orgasm subsided I felt the finger withdraw from my arse. I was disappointed but suddenly realised it was being replaced with something much better. I felt a cock ease against the small opening. At first it hurt as it was much larger than the finger but slowly it eased more and more inside me and a gentle fucking motion commenced. I had to see who was the owner of this wonderful implement of pleasure.

Again I lifted my head and saw Mark smiling at me as he slowly fucked my arse. Dave and Tony were still sucking my nipples and the girl receptionist was slowly wanking Rob and Dave cocks. She moved near my face and offered a tit to me and asked me to suck it. This was a first for me but I loved the feel of the nipple as I sucked it and made it harder.

We continued pleasuring each other. Rob was now fingering the girls pussy and Tony had a finger up her arse. The look on her face told me how much she was enjoying it. All the while Mark was slowly fucking me in the arse. The girl soon had her first orgasm and I sucked harder on her nipple. She made Rob and Dave cum and I loved the feel as they shot their hot cum over my large stomach.

Mark stopped fucking me and suddenly withdrew his cock from my arse. He could see the look of disappointment on my face and told me to be patient.

Then Dave lay down beside me on the bed. His cock, erect again, and pulled me over on top of him. My ample frame almost smothered him. I lowered myself down onto his cock and loved the feel as I started fucking him. Then I felt Mark behind me and I realised what they had in mind. I lowered myself down as far as I could go on Dave’s cock and then felt Mark enter me.

This really was heaven. NOTHING could feel better than this.

As I raised myself up on Dave’s cock, Mark would slowly withdraw and then when I plunged right down on it, Mark would thrust deep inside my arse. The feelings were sensational. I came almost immediately, but I wanted to cum again. I needed to cum again.

The girl receptionist straddled Dave’s chest and held her pussy lips open towards me. I lowered my head and licked her pussy. This was my first ever taste of pussy and I loved it. My tongue entered her hole and as Mark and Dave fucked their cocks into me I thrust my tongue into her pussy. 

My next orgasm wa soon approaching and hit me like a thunderbolt. This was the most intense orgasm I had ever experienced. It seemed to subside and another one started. I sucked hard on the girl’s clit now and soon she was cumming in my mouth. I loved the taste of another girl’s pussy juices. 

Mark’s cock was still savaging my arse and soon I was feeling his hot cum pumping into me. Another screaming orgasm hit me and then another. Hands were pulling my nipples. 

My body was being used and abused and I LOVED IT.

Eventually I felt Dave quicken his fucking. I plunged my pussy deeper and deeper onto his cock as he shot wad after wad of hot cum deep inside my pussy. My final orgasm of the day followed immediately.

I collapsed on Dave’s chest and fell asleep. I woke after a few minutes with the rest of my lovers lying on the floor and bed.

I dressed slowly and kissed them all goodbye. Mark handed me the photographs that I had originally come for. I was pleased with them and I didn’t even have to pay for them.

I drove home in a dreamy state. I could feel my soaking wet knickers as all the cum continued to drain out of my well fucked pussy.

Then I remembered it was my mothers birthday soon, maybe she would like a framed photograph of me and then it was my fathers shortly afterwards. Even my aunts and uncles would like one also. I must make another appointment at the photographers when I get home.