 I had been hurt so much that I had practically given up on being in a relationship. Here I was, 43 years old, not thin, but not huge either. I stood about 5ft 2in tall, and 40D tits. Don't get me wrong, men asked me out all the time, but I was just so tired of the bullshit in relationships that I just stayed alone. I was never the type to have a one night stand, or a so called fuck buddy, due to the way society standards of a good person. If being a slut was so bad, then why did I want it so much? Was being bad something that turned me on? I decided I would make a point of it to find out.

I pushed the thought out of my head as I started to get ready to out and do some food shopping so I had something for dinner. I hated going to the supermarket, since it was always so crowded, and the lines were always so long. Hoping getting there very early would make a difference, so I set out at 7AM, and was pleased to see the store was practically empty except for a few older people. Guess they don't like it crowded either. I grabbed a cart and headed down the rows, grabbing what I needed, and got on line. Standing there I noticed an older man, maybe 60 get in line behind me. He was attractive for an older man, and I caught him staring at my ass. Feeling a little uncomfortable, I remembered what I was thinking about before, and stuck my ass out a little more for him to see. His eyes widened and he took in every inch of my big ass, licking his lips. I felt so slutty, and my pussy was beginning to get moist. I paid for my items, and headed out the door, and began my two block walk home. Halfway through, the man from the supermarket pulled up next to me in a car and asked if I needed a ride home. I explained I was only a block away, and I could walk. He accepted my answer and pulled away, and I continued my walk home thinking about what it would be like to have him lick my ass and pussy with his tongue. As I walked up to my building, he was standing there, and my heart started to beat a mile a minute. Now he was making me nervous, following me home like that, but when he offered to help me with my bags, he seemed harmless. We walked up to the door, and as I put my key into the lock, I could see his reflection in the glass door. He was staring right at my ass again, so when I walked up the stairs I wiggled my ass a little again feeling a bit slutty, but very turned on.

We walked into my apartment and he put my groceries on the kitchen counter, now leering at my 40D tits, again licking his lips. I asked him if he would like something to drink, and he chose tea, which would take a few minutes so I showed him to the living room to sit down. As I made the tea I was so nervous, I was shaking. How could I let a total stranger into my home, he could be a killer or something. I brushed the thought out of my mind and returned to the living room with the tea, and some cookies in case he wanted to eat something.

"Come sit down next to me," he said.

"Sure," I said as I sat down.

We talked for a bit, and I found out his name was Walter, and he was 65 and widowed. He had two children who were grown and lived out of state, and he was alone here. There was an awkward silence, so I decided to turn on the television not realizing that I had watched an X rated movie the night before, and the movie began to play. I grabbed the remote control so shut the DVD player but he stopped me, and said to please let it play. I did as he requested and we sat there and started watching the movie. I was so nervous, but also so very turned on, wondering what was going to happen with this man I just met.

On the screen was a man telling the woman what a slut she was, and the more vulgar he got the harder Walter's cock got. It was sticking up so far that I could see he had a big cock. To my surprise he pulled out his cock and started stroking it as he watched the movie. I was so shocked I didn't say a word, and just sat there not knowing what to do.

"Why not rub your pussy now ,like I know you did last night watching this movie?" Walter said.

"I can't do that in front of you!"

"Why not baby, I'm stroking my big hard cock in front of you, fair is fair."

"I can't do that, I'm sorry and maybe you should just leave."

"It's obvious what you want baby."

"Oh and what's that old man?"

"You want to be treated like a slut, just like the girl in the movie."

"That's not true," I said, knowing it was a lie.

"Rub your cunt slut!"

The words he spoke made my pussy throb, and I did as I was told. I opened my jeans, and put my hand down to my clit, and began rubbing. He was getting so turned on watching me, and watching the woman on the television being called names, and smacked around.

"Take your jeans off slut."

I was really getting into this, and again I obeyed his demands. I stood up and dropped my jeans to the floor, and stepped out of them.

"The panties too whore."

I dropped my panties, and kicked them away, and sat back down. I spread my legs real wide, and began rubbing my already dripping wet pussy.

"That's it slut, rub that cunt for me."

I did as I was told, and began watching the movie with him. As I rubbed my pussy Walter reached over and started squeezing my tit, and pinching my nipple hard. I was so turned on I just let him do what he wanted.

"You like that bitch?"

"Oh yes, it feels so good."

He started smacking my tits, which really turns me on and was calling me names, just like the guy in the movie was doing. This was so hot and I really needed to get fucked, and he knew it so he just teased me more. He took turns smacking my tits, and pinching my nipples, while I continued rubbing my clit.

"Finger yourself whore."

"Do you like watching me do what you want?"

"You are such a whore baby."

"Do you want to fuck my hot wet hole?"

"Bitch I'm going to fuck that hot wet hole, that tight fat ass, and that whore mouth of yours!"

"No anal, I don't do anal," I said now getting scared.

"You do now bitch, now come over here and blow me cunt!"

I decided I would worry about the anal thing when he tried, and maybe he wouldn't even try and he was saying that for effect. In any case, I got down on my knees in front of him, and began licking his big hard shaft, up and down going slow, which didn't suit him so he grabbed me by my hair and forced my mouth down onto his cock.

"Stop fucking around and suck!"

I took his hard cock in my mouth, and began gagging as he forced my head further down. He obviously enjoyed watching me gag because he just continued to force his cock deeper.

"That's it bitch, take it all slut!"

He stood up and grabbed my by the sides of my head and started fucking my mouth hard and fast, calling me names and making my pussy so wet. I was so hot now I didn't care if he wanted to fuck all my holes, I just needed to be used. He ordered me into the bedroom, and up on the bed.

"Get on all fours like the dog you are cunt!"

I did as I was told, and still standing he began spanking my ass hard, telling me I was his personal whore and I would please him any way he desired. I agreed to everything he said and he rammed three fingers into my pussy making me scream.

"You like that whore?"

"Yes oh yes, I love it!"

"It looks like you need more fingers whore."

"Yes please give me another finger deep inside my hole!"

"I felt him slide another finger inside me now the count was four and he was stretching me wide. I pumped his fingers like they were a cock, as he spanked my ass and told me I was his property, he owned me. Being in the heat of the moment, I agreed not yet knowing what that entailed.

"Time to fill your hole up with some cock bitch!"

He stood at the foot of the bed and roughly pulled me to the edge with my fat ass high in the air. He slid his big hard cock inside me making me moan in ecstasy.

"That's what you wanted you dirty whore?"

"Yes oh yes, your cock feels so good, please deeper, harder yes!"

He was fucking me better and harder than anyone I had ever been with before, and it felt great. Hr grabbed me by my hair and pumped into me deep and hard, making me explode all over his cock. As I came down from my explosion, he pulled his cock out of me and slowly started to slide it into my tight ass. I didn't protest or object, and let him violate my ass. It hurt so much at first, but only briefly and I started to enjoy his violation.

"See whore, I knew you would like it!"

"Yes yes fuck my tight ass!"

"What a nice tight virgin ass bitch!"

He was pumping in and out of me, taking turns fucking my ass and pussy, until he shot his hot load deep inside my ass. As soon as he was done, he stepped back and got dressed. He explained to me how he owned my holes now, and wasn't looking for anything more than sex. This was perfect for me since I wasn't looking for any kind of relationship, so I agreed.

"Good I will be back later, around 6PM to drop another load on my whore, be naked and ready."

"I will be waiting for you."

I walked him to the door, and he walked away. Being exhausted now I decided to lay down for a bit. Only planning to sleep for an hour or so, the clock said 5PM when I finally awoke. I jumped up remembering Walter's words, and began scrambling to get ready for some more of his hard cock. I jumped in the shower, shaved my pussy smooth, and sat down on the sofa to wait for him. Sitting there completely naked, I wanted so much to rub my pussy but decided to wait for Walter. I jumped when the doorbell rang, and went to open the door. Walter walked in and as I was about to close the door, another man followed him in. They both walked into the living room, and not knowing what to do just stood by the door.

"Get in here bitch, and say hello to my friend Jim."

Trying to cover myself with my hands, I walked into the living room, and said hello to Walter's friend.

"Stop trying to cover yourself and go sit on Jim's lap cunt!"

I did as I was told and almost immediately Jim's hands were all over my tits, pinching my nipples, and telling Walter what a filthy whore I was. They continued to talk about me as if I wasn't there, calling me names and telling each other the dirty filthy things they were going to do to me. Jim was now fingering my cunt while Walter watched, now stroking his cock.

"You like Jim fingering your cunt whore?"

"Yes, it feels so good. please don't stop Jim!"

"You look like you need to be fucked real good bitch!" Jim said.

"Yes I need cock inside me, I need to be used like a filthy whore!"

As Jim fingered me Walter got up and dropped his pants, and forced his cock into my mouth. He didn't have to force much since I greedily took him in my mouth, and began sucking his cock like the whore I was. I had Jim's fingers deep in my wet hole, and Walter's cock fucking my mouth, and I was in heaven. I wanted both of these men to use my body any way they wanted. I wanted to feel both their cocks deep inside my holes, taking turns on me, making me feel like a whore.

Walter grabbed me by my hoar, and threw me face first into the sofa. He made me kneel on the sofa with my face toward the back, and my ass high in the air. They both came over and started fingering my ass and cunt, making me beg for more. I couldn't believe I was begging for these men to use me, but I didn't care, I needed cock. Walter took a turn on my pussy first while Jim came up in front of me, and I took his hard cock in my mouth. They were pumping me from both ends, while they told me what a whore I was, and I was loving every minute of it. They treated me like a filthy whore, just like I now knew I needed. They switched positions, and now Jim's cock was deep inside me pussy while Walter fucked my mouth.

"That's it bitch, clean your cunt juice off my cock!"

All I could do was moan onto his cock, loving the way Jim's cock felt inside me. After they had decided they were done fucking me like that, Walter ordered me to stand up. I did as I was told and Jim laid down on the sofa. Walter ordered me to ride Jim's cock, and I did as I was told. I straddled Jim and guided his old cock into my cunt, and began pumping him, while my tits bounced up and down in his face. He grabbed my nipple with his mouth and began sucking real hard, it felt so good I didn't realize Walter coming up behind me until I felt his cock at the opening of my still tight ass. He slowly filled my anal opening calling me a whore for taking a cock in each of my holes. I started pumping their cocks like the true whore I was. They fucked me like that for what seemed like forever, and dropped a hot load into my cunt and ass. When they were down they basically threw me to the side, and got dressed and began to leave.

"I will be back when I need to use those holes," Walter said, as he turned and left.

Until today I didn't know that this is just what I needed. I would be Walter's whore, and get used the way I need and no relationship. Perfect.