 It had been two long weeks since Walter, and his friend had used me. I was starting to get very sexually frustrated, and was playing with my pussy every chance I got. It was a Friday night, and I showered and got ready to sit and relax, and maybe play with myself a little, when the door rang. I jumped up and ran to the door, thinking it would be Walter, back to use me some more. I opened the door and to my disappointment it was my fat old next door neighbor. This guy was ugly, and about 100 lbs. overweight, and made no attempts to hide he was a nasty fuck. He wasn't even nice when he asked me if i knew anything about computers. I said yes, with some what of an attitude, and he said to come next door and try to fix his. I knew I should just shut the door in his face for being so damned rude, but instead I followed him next door.

I followed him into his apartment, and into his bedroom to where the computer was. I sat at the chair, and tried turning it on, but nothing. checking the plug I realized it was not plugged in. Now I began to get nervous, knowing he had planned the whole thing, and then he mentioned Literotica. I froze and asked him, what he knew about the site.

"Well I like to read stories about slutty fat women," he boasted.

"Let me see what you are talking about."

He pulled up a story titled "BBW Whore for Old Cock", and I almost passed out. I had written that story, and I was hoping that he didn't know it was me. Just then he clicked on my profile, and there popped up my picture. He knew, and this is when I became his whole also. Of course I told him I was already being used by someone at the moment, he said he didn't care, and would use me when he's not. He clicked back onto my story and made me sit there and read it out loud while he came up behind me and reached down and started playing with my tits.

"Do you want me to use you cunt?" he whispered in my ear.

"No, please don't make me do this," I begged.

"You know you want this bitch!" he yelled as he pinched my nipple so hard I screamed.

"No I don't want this with you!"

"Well too late for that whore!"

"Please just let me go home!"

"You will do this cunt, or I will show everyone in the building your dirty little stories."

I knew then I had no choice, I was going to be this fat ugly old man's whore, and as much as it bothered me, it also turned me on a little. Could I actually be getting turned on by someone so gross? Am I really just a fucking whore pig that needs cock, any cock? I answered my own question when the old fuck grabbed me by my hair and forced my mouth down on his cock, and I took it all the way down like a true whore.

"That's it you fucking whore, take it all!"

He continued to read the story aloud while he fucked my mouth, and when he go to the part of the two old men fucking both my holes at the same time, he began to taunt me about it.

"So you want to be fucked by two cocks slut?"

"No please just you!", I said taking my mouth off his cock.

"Well I have my son coming in for a visit next weekend, and he's just like his daddy," he said laughing.

"No No," I mumbled with his cock filling my mouth.

"Shut the fuck up, and get on the bed whore!"

I did as I was told and laid down on my back, on the bed, trying to cover as much of myself as I could with my hands and arms. He dropped his dirty sweatpants to reveal a small ugly cock under a huge belly, and when the shirt came off it showed a hairy fat chest. As he approached me I wanted to run, but by now I was so scared I just wanted to do whatever he wanted and get out of there. He laid down next to me, and started rubbing my tits, squeezing them and pinching them hard, making my cunt dripping wet. With his mouth biting my nipple, he started rubbing my clit, telling me what a whore I was for being so wet. I spread my legs wide for him, and he commented on how he was going to fuck me like a dirty pig any time he wanted. I was so turned on, and in the moment that I agreed to be his pig, and when he ordered me to oink like a pig, I did it without hesitation. That must have really turned him on, because he threw me over on my stomach, and grabbed me and pulled my ass up and rammed his hard cock into my dripping wet fuck hole. He pounded into me hard and fast, slamming into me making me scream, Not too long ago I was begging this man to just leave me alone, and now here I was begging him to fuck me like the whore I am. When he began spanking my ass, I came almost immediately, covering his cock in my hot cunt juice.

"Oh fuck yeah, you dirty little piggie!!"

"Oh my God, Oh fuck! yes yes I'm a dirty piggie for you!"

"Now it's time to fuck that piggie ass bitch!"

"Oh yes more more, fuck me more!"

"Oh you fucking pig, you like cock in your ass don't you?"

"Yes baby, I love cock in all my holes!"

He fucked my ass, and called me his piggie, until I felt his hot load shoot into my tight fat ass. when he was done dropping his load into me, he smacked my ass and told me to go home. I felt so used, and nasty, and I loved it. I went home, and showered again, and couldn't stop thinking about all the use I have had in the last month. The old pervert next door could use me when Walter isn't around, and I would get all the cock I need. This no strings attached relationships are really beginning to work out for me. When I'm done being used I just go home, so simple. I wish I had done this long ago.

It was going on 11:00 P.M. now, and I had just settled in to lay down and watch the news, when again the doorbell rang. As tired as I was, I got up and opened the door in the hopes it was a cock that wanted to use me. Walter was standing there, with two other men I had never seen before. Walter pushed passed me and his friends did the same and they all went and sat down in the living room. I locked the door knowing that they were all going to use me tonight. I walked into the living room, and offered everyone a drink, and we all agreed on beers. When everyone had their drink, Walter asked me to come sit next to him and his friend on the sofa. I did as I was told, and Walter roughly spread my legs and began playing with my clit while his friends watched and called me names. Walter began telling me how the night was going to go, and how I was to service all of them with all my holes. I knew what I wanted, what I needed, so I got down on my knees and took Walter's big cock into my mouth. His friend moved over so all three of them could sit on the sofa while I took turned sucking their cocks like the greedy slut I was. They just sat there and watched television while I sucked their cocks for the next hour, and they were now watching the X rated movie Walter had caught me with before. He told them that was how I liked it, rough and nasty, just like the whore in the film. That was when they all began getting extremely vulgar, and nasty, and were tossing me back and forth like a fuck doll. They all took turns fucking my mouth and cunt, and when they felt those holes were used up enough, they began taking turns fucking my tight fat ass. I was loving every minute of it, and I fucked each cock filling my ass right back. They just knelt there while I fucked all their cocks like a wild animal, begging to be used and fucked harder, and nastier.

Now it was time for them to fill all my holes at the same time, and I was so excited. I had never had all my holes filled like that, and I wanted it almost as much as they did. Until this point I still had no idea who these men were, or their names. I just knew they were old, and nasty, and that's all that mattered. I began riding one of the strangers, and Walter slid his big hard cock deep in my ass, and they began pounding into me hard and rough, and then the third began fucking my mouth. I was the piece of meat inside a cock sandwich, and it was amazing. Just the idea of knowing I was nothing more than a fuck toy for these dirty old men, made my cunt dripping wet, and as they called me names, and fucked me I had the deepest most erotic orgasm ever. They all took turns fucking my holes, until they were ready to cum, and they jumped up and pushed me to my knees and stroked their cocks above my face, and my open mouth and each dropped a hot load on my face and in my mouth. When they were down they began getting dressed not even looking at me sitting on the floor with the cum of three different cocks dripping from my face. They turned and left without ever looking at me. I was so exhausted by now I barely had enough energy to shower, but I managed and then went right to sleep, very satisfied, and very used.