 The night was perfect as Jen approached the house for the third session. A chill of anticipation rippled through her body as she thought of what her mistress could have in store for her tonight. Session one and two had been brutal, passionate, humiliating, fulfilling, abusive and satisfying. Her butt still held the mark of their last session and as she approached the door she thought of it. "I am a slut."

As she reached to knock on the door she could see that it was already open. She walked in knowing just where to go. As if on autopilot, she made her way through the house to the garage. She saw the shackles hanging from the bolts and with out considering her actions she removed her close and shackled her legs and one arm, put on the blindfold and then waited. She hung there dreaming of her mistress, hoping she would satisfy her tonight with her performance. She felt the moisture build between her legs as she thought of how good it felt to perform well for her mistress. Her butt relaxed as she hoped that Donna would satisfy that urge again tonight. No matter how hard the punishment, she promised herself that she would not flinch and would do exactly as told, no matter the task. She was ready to give herself completely to her slut nature tonight.

Her nipples exploded forth as she felt the soft lips touch her briefly. "her mistress was finally here." She thought through a deep mental sigh. The lips stroked her breasts and slowly moved around her chest. The kisses were placed gently on her shoulders, then arms, then back and neck. The goose pimples raised across her flesh as her lust was caught in her throat. The kisses continued around her neck, and then across her face, until they finally came to rest on her own lips. Her emotions took her as their lips embraced in a deeply penetrating kiss. Gently her lips were pried apart as Donna's tongue slipped inside her mouth. The two felt each other deeply with their tongues for a time that lost its registration. Their lust grew and the passion of their connection blossomed into and unbridled ferocity. Finally, Donna broke the kiss, much to the chagrin of her licentious charge.

"Are you prepared to be my slut tonight?"

"Yes mistress." There was no hesitancy in Jennifer's answer.

"I will hurt you tonight. I will pleasure you beyond bounds tonight. Are you prepared for both?"

"Yes mistress." Her lip quivered betraying her anticipation.

Donna shackled Jennifer's remaining hand. "Bend."

With out hesitation, Jennifer bent over at the waist offering her beautiful ass to her mistress to use as she desired. She was left waiting there as she heard Donna shuffling around the room. 

"I called you three times this week."

"Yes" Jennifer replied as if it was a question.

"And yet you replied only twice and sent no other messages"

"Yes" Jennifer said, recognizing her mistress was displeased.

"I expect you to not only reply when I contact you, but to regularly tell me of desires you are having for me."

"Yes, I am sorry mistress."

"Further, as we have discussed, I expect you to fuck yourself thinking of me daily. I expect you to fuck your cunt hard and you ass harder lusting for my assault. Did you do this every day?"

"No mistress, but I had to...."

"Silence Slut!" Donna yelled. "You do as I tell you, when I tell you if you want to be my slut! Do you understand?"

"Yes, mistress."

"I am going to have to make you pay for your insolence. Do you understand?"

"Yes, mistress."

Once again the room was mostly silent except for the slight sound of Donna walking around behind her. Suddenly, and without warning Jennifer felt the Crack of the paddle on her ass. The sound was so loud it reverberated in her ears. Her ass throbbed immediately, but she only winced and made no sound. Again the Crack of the paddle and again she responded in silence. The paddle then came again and again spanking her past the point of pain to numbness first and then a deeply pleasurable feel. They came harder and harder and she could feel herself building.

"Please Mistress, may I cum?' She knew better than to cum without her mistress's permission.

"No. I have more for you to take before I am satisfied that you have learned your lesson." 

The paddle continued to deliver its punishment, but now Jennifer was oblivious to the pain and completely lost in trying to hold back the climax building inside her. Finally the spanking came to a merciful end, much to Jen's dissatisfaction. She hung there feeling the tingling in her butt and praying for more. She felt Donna laying fabric of some kind down on her back.

"This is to keep me from leaving and visible marks on your back."

Jen wanted to ask, "visible marks from what," but she knew better than that. It wouldn't be long until she found out.

The pain was instantaneous as she felt what must be a riding crop across her legs and back. Over and over again she pain flared. In between strikes Donna's fingers found their way to Jennifer's moistened pussy. She rubbed and spanked until Jennifer connected both feelings. She knew she would not be able to hold back her orgasm for much longer. Thankfully her mistress was merciful tonight.

"Are you ready to cum on my hand?"

"Yes, mistress."

"Beg me to cum slut!"

"please mistress let me cum."

"I don't think you want to cum bad enough."

"Mistress please let me cum!"

"Let go slut. Tell me to fucking let you cum! Tell me how much you need to cum"

"Mistress, please let me fucking cum! I have to cum! Please mistress, fuck me, make me cum! I want to cum all over your fucking fingers!"

Although she couldn't see Donna's happy face, she heard Donna speak, "Cum you slut! Cum now you fucking slut!"

Jennifer came so hard her whole body shook. She could feel the orgasm spray down her leg, but she was too far gone to stop it or care. Donna continued the spanking and fucking giving Jennifer no release from her orgasmic bliss. Soon orgasm after orgasm splashed across her body as her mind moved further and further from her body. 

"Oh my god! Oh my god Donna I am cumming so hard! So fucking hard!" Jennifer was screaming now, completely out of character, much to the deep satisfaction of her mistress.

The assault continued for an impossible to determine amount of time, but finally it did. Jennifer collapsed, kept aloft only by her shackles.

Donna was not through with her; not be a long shot. She moved quickly across the room and removed the thick feeldo from her bag and plunged it into her soaked pussy by the cock end. As she looked longing upon the spent body of her charge she fucked herself mercilessly to a powerful orgasm. The sound of which was music to Jen's ears. 

Moments later Jen felt Donna's soft hands grab her firmly on each side of her hips. The feeldo plunged immediately into her waiting and hungry pussy. Donna's strokes were urgent and forceful. With each thrust it seemed to penetrate deeper and deeper into each others cunts. In moments they were both lost in an orgasmic wonderland of urgent desire.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck!"

"Deeper! Please! Fuck me deeper!"

Finally, Donna dropped to her knees behind Jennifer and sucked her pussy off to a final hard orgasm. She moved in front of Jennifer and offered her ass and pussy, which Jennifer happily indulged, plunging her tongue as deep into both as she was capable, sucking her mistress off to several powerful orgasms.

(Part two of this story includes an even more fictional inclusion of men. Read on if you desire)

It may have been them being so lost in their ecstasy that explains why they didn't hear the sounds outside the garage until it was very late. 

"What's that?" Donna asked.

"What is it?" Jennifer asked very worried.

Donna went to the garage windows and peaked out. There she saw for trucks parked outside with six of more well dressed guys gathered around talking actively and with animation. As Donna watched in horror they pointed to the garage and then began to walk towards the front door.

"Oh no!" she said.

"What is it?" Jennifer asked again her voice betraying her growing fear.

"It's the contractors. They weren't supposed to come until tomorrow night!"

Donna ran quickly and grabbed her long jacket and sprang towards the door. 

"I have to head them off at the pass!"

Leaving Jennifer dangling, she burst from the garage and raced to the front door.

She met the group of men as they were just coming into the house.

"Donna, I didn't expect to see you here tonight." The ruddily handsome contractor said to her.

"I um, came to make sure that the property was ready for tomorrow."

"Oh I see." He said with an ironic smile.

"Hey man, come check this out!" one of the men hollered

Clearly the sound was coming from near the garage. Donna raced there quickly with the other men following closely behind her. 

"What do we have here." Said one of the men, as he joined his friend in the garage staring at the ravaged hanging body of the mortified Jennifer. 

"Very nice." One of them said as he stroked Jennifer's ass languidly passing his hand over the distributed words on her flesh.

"Don't touch her!" Donna cried out, rushing to push his hand away.

As she did, she forgot to clutch her coat which came open revealing the feeldo she hadn't time to remove.

"Well it certainly looks like she two were having some fun." The contractor said with a smile.

As he did one of the guys unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock. "Mind if we join in?" 

"Fuck you!" Donna said angrily.

Meanwhile something stirred in Jennifer mind. "Donna?"

Donna slipped over next to Jennifer. 

"Jennifer, I am so sorry!" 

"How many of them are there?"

Donna was shocked by the question and the calmness in her voice. "There are six of them."

"It's okay."

"What!?" Donna said in shock.

"I want to try it. Remember the rule of six?

Donna remembered Scott's rule and was stunned by what Jennifer was suggesting.

"Yes, but..."

"Will they let me keep the blindfold on?"

Donna looked to the contractor. "Can she leave her blindfold on?"

"Of course." He smiled and said. "Will you be joining us?"

"I, I don't know." She said moving away.

"If you change your mind, just let us know."

Donna backed away with a front row seat on the action. 

The men removed their pants and circled around Jen's prone figure. Their hands stroked her naked flesh taking special notice of the marks from Donna's whip. One bent behind Jennifer and pushing his face to her pussy began to suck and lick her lips. Jennifer let out and audible sigh. Another approached her face and pushed his cock towards her mouth. Without a thought she parted her lips and allowed him to slide inside. Her lips wrapped around his tool holding it as tight as a seal on a piston.

"Hey this chick really is a slut!" one of them said. 

This seemed to uncork the entire proceeding. The guy in her mouth grabbed her roughly by the hair and slammed his cock into her throat.

"Suck my cock you slut!" as he began to fuck her face.

"Yeah fuck her man! Fuck that slut's mouth!" she heard them say.

It was only second later when she felt the tip of the first cock she would take that night press against her soaking pussy. Not reluctant at all she pushed back against it urgent to have it in her. He did not disappoint as he buried his tool as deep as possible into her. They soon found a rhythm and seemed to be trying to touch the tips of their dicks together by pounding them through her body. Meanwhile, hands raced all over her tits and body. Fingers found their way into her asshole and spread it wide. 

Donna's horror faded as she watched her friend take cock after cock and with her body, beg for a new one as soon as one spent its load on her back. She couldn't help but to look proudly and lustfully at her charge as she realized her full slut potential. Unable to contain herself, she moved her hand to her clit and rubbed it vigorously. She allowed her legs to part wide and penetrated herself with her free hand pushing herself to a shattering orgasm.

Jennifer was released from the shackles, but her body as not released from its desires. She ached for more cock and not just in her pussy. One of the guys laid on the ground and she was quickly thrust upon him. She rode him like a cowgirl, but needed to make it clear to the group that she wanted more. As she rode him, she reached her hand back and slipping to fingers inside began to fuck her ass earnestly. It didn't take long for them to figure out what she wanted, as in seconds she felt a hard cock pressed against her bud. She leaned forward and allowed him the best possible access to her behind. Moments later she was filled almost completely. She opened her mouth and was treated to the final piece of the puzzle. Cock plowed into her from every angle and as most had already cum, they were able to fuck her like this for what felt like hours.

In her rapture she heard the unmistakable sound of fucking next to her. Turning her still blindfolded face in that direction she called out, "Donna?"

A panting desperate Donna replied, "I couldn't let you have all the fun."

For the rest of the night, they were both filled with a constant rotation of cock, sweat and cum. Their asses, pussies and mouths were sore, but stayed busy despite this. Finally, the last cock slipped from their aching pussies.

"We want to watch you two suck each other's cunts like the sluts you are." Said one of the men.

Donna happily slid under Jennifer and closing her eyes joined Jennifer in an orgasmic frenzy of satisfaction. They were so lost in their pleasure, neither noticed as the men dressed and left. Finally, exhausted, they collapsed in each others arms. 

They decided to keep this between themselves as they dressed to go home. 

Donna saw the contractor the next day, and they both acted as if nothing happened and he gave not the slightest hint of expecting it again. Jennifer had satisfied an itch and was more than happy to go back to being a good slut for her mistress and a great fuck for her man. Their mistress/sub relationship progressed happily as they had more and varied experiences....but that is another story.