 My friend Rachel and I treated ourselves to a cruise to celebrate a promotion I had received at work. We were enjoying the stops in the different ports and the time we got to relax at the pool with some drinks. 

At one of our ports, we decided to be adventurous and check out one of the nude beaches that we had heard some of the passengers talking about. Since it was our first time, we chose a spot that was a little out of the way, but where we could still see the scenery.

We decided to start out topless and survey the people around us to see just how far everyone went. We laid out our towels and got out the sunscreen. I had covered the front of my body and asked Rachel if she could spread the lotion on my back. Maybe it was the setting or being relaxed from our vacation, but my skin began to tingle as Rachel spread the lotion on my back. My nipples became hard almost as soon as she touched my skin. I hoped she couldn't tell. As she spread the lotion down my arm, she grazed the side of my breast and my skin tingled even more and my nipples became tighter. I knew it was an accident and I wasn't sure what I would do anyway. When she rubbed down my other arm and brushed the side of my other breast I let out a quick gasp before I realized what I had done. I was afraid Rachel would be offended and run away. Instead she asked me if I liked it. I didn't know what to say, and I stammered, "Y-y-yes."

Rachel continued to spread the lotion on my arms and brush the sides of my breasts. I knew what she was doing and felt powerless to stop her. I had fantasized about being with another woman but never thought I would. Rachel asked me if I wanted her to continue and I simply moaned in pleasure. 

She took hold of my arms and turned me to face her. I was quivering with excitement, wondering what she was going to do. She leaned into me and gently touched her lips to mine. I felt the heat run straight down to my pussy. She deepened the kiss and brought her fingertips to my nipples. I groaned once again. Once again she asked me if I wanted her to continue. All I could do was nod. Rachel laid me down on the towel and then lay beside me. She continued to run her fingers over my lips, and across my nipples. The sensation was amazing.

Rachel continued to play with my nipples as I arched into her touch. I wanted more and more. I saw Rachel's face begin to head toward my nipples. I waited in anticipation as her mouth met my skin. As she flicked her tongue across my tits I came for the first time. She did not stop and continued to alternate her tongue between my nipples. Slowly her hand drifted across my stomach. I felt the heat in my pussy increase as I imagined what would happen next. 

Rachel's hand slid further down, hooked into my bikini bottom and she slid it off. I grew hot as I felt the combination of her hand touching my leg along with the feel of the fabric sliding lower on my leg. When she had removed my bottom, Rachel slowly slid her hand back up my leg and placed it over my pussy. I pushed into her hand and she slowly rubbed her hand back and forth making me wet. 

Rachel's mouth moved from my nipples and she kissed down my stomach, my legs and down to my toes. She changed positions and begin to run her tongue up my legs as she slowly pushed them apart. Her tongue found the crease of my thigh and I arched into her. She moved her tongue to my clit and I let out a loud moan. I love to have my pussy eaten but had never felt a woman between my legs. The thought aroused me even more and I ground my pussy into Rachel's face. She went to work quickly flicking her tongue across my clit as she placed several fingers inside my wet pussy. The sensation was amazing and I fucked her hand and face. I could not hold back any longer and I exploded with pleasure. Rachel continued to lap at my pussy and licked me clean. 

I collapsed onto my back panting with excitement. Rachel brought her hand to my lips and pressed her fingers to my mouth. I pulled her fingers into my mouth as my tasted myself on her fingers, which made Rachel moan. She asked me if I had ever eaten pussy before. I told her "No." She then asked me if I wanted to and I eagerly agreed. I began to give Rachel the same treatment she had just given me. I fingered her nipples, which felt different than mine. She was a different shape and size than me. It was a turn on to have another woman's tits in my hands. I bent to place my mouth to her nipple. I moaned as I felt her hard nipple in my mouth and I pulled it with my teeth. Rachel pushed her tits into my face and continued to lick and nibble on her. I could tell she wanted more, so I trailed my tongue down and began to tease her clit.

I flicked the tip of my tongue across the very tip of her clit. I love to have my clit teased, so I did the same to Rachel. I gave her quick flicks across her clit until she begged me for more. I took my tongue and ran it from the back of her pussy up to the tip of her clit, repeating this pattern several times finally settling on just licking her clit. Rachel began to buck and moan and I knew she was about to come so I slid my tongue down and dove it deep into her pussy while she drenched my face. I continued to tongue fuck her until she stopped moving. I kissed my way back up her body and took her mouth with mine. The taste of her on my tongue combined with our intertwined tongues was an amazing sensation. We were lost in touching and kissing each other and didn't notice that a young man had approached us. He asked us if we needed help with anything.

I was surprised that we were so involved in what we were doing that we didn't notice someone approach. I wondered how many other people had come by and seen what we were doing. The thought made me excited. 

I asked our visitor if he thought he could handle both of us. He assured me he could do that and more. As I surveyed his body I liked what I saw. He was well tanned, and since he was nude I could see that there were no tan lines at all. Apparently he was not shy. He had a muscular body and a nice tight ass. I love a tight firm ass on a man.

He joined us on our towels and we positioned him between Rachel and me. We both began to touch his body. Rachel was in front of him and he reached out to begin playing with her tits. I could tell she was still worn out from our adventure a few minutes before, but she was enjoying his touch. Since his back was to me, I could easily grab his ass. I reached down and began to caress his firm cheeks. I slid one hand toward the front and touched his chest then began to move lower. When I reached his cock, he was hard and slightly larger than average. As I stroked him, he ground into Rachel.

I wanted a chance to get a better look at his cock, so I turned him onto his back, while never letting go of him. Taking a long look at him, I decided I needed to suck his cock. I quickly changed positions and put my mouth over him. He let out a groan and told me that I had a good mouth. I slid my mouth up and down his shaft and let him hit the back of my throat. With one hand he continued to stroke Rachel and with the other he grabbed one of my tits and started to pinch my nipple. Rachel said that she wanted a taste of cock too, so we took turns sucking him. One of us sucked his cock while the other took his balls. He told us that if we didn't stop, he was going to come and he still wanted to fuck both of us.

Rachel took the first turn and climbed on top of him. Not wanting to be left out, I positioned my pussy over his face and let him eat me. Rachel and I were facing each other and we took the opportunity to finger each others tits while we had the benefit of having our pussies worked at the same time. Rachel and I were soon both ready to cum. I unloaded my juice on his face, while Rachel unloaded on his cock. 

He was young and had great staying power. Despite everything we had given him, he was still hard and ready to keep fucking. He told us that he wanted to see some pussy eating as we had done before. We all changed positions. Rachel laid on her back, while I got on all fours. He got behind me and drove into my pussy while I ate Rachel's pussy. His cock filled me well and I matched the rhythm of his thrusts with the rhythm of my tongue on Rachel. It didn't take long for Rachel to cum. She had been thoroughly licked and fucked. Having her cum and grind into my face, combined with his thrusts brought me to an incredible orgasm. This was enough to make him ready to shoot his load. Rachel and I quickly got on our backs and let him shoot onto our faces. When he was done we cleaned his cum off of each other's faces with our tongues. 

We didn't have much time before we had to be back to the ship, but we enjoyed our visit to the beach. I must say, the hospitality was amazing. I'm sure we'll be back.