 Brittni and I have been exchanging emails regularly for a while. Just for fun I began including installments of a fantasy date with her. That story is "A Date With Brittni" in the Erotic Couplings section. But she suggested I continue. This story is that continuance. You might want to read the one-page first story before you tackle this...or not.

*****

We started to get ready to leave. We'd left two large wet spots on the blanket. I took the still clean corners and wiped off your legs, thighs and pussy lips, testing their cleanliness with kisses. You did the same for me, but honestly, and expectedly, I'd come through that (pun intended) cleaner than you. I started to fold up the blanket while you began putting the leftovers and the half-full bottle of wine into the coolers. We were in no hurry to get dressed.

Which was a good thing. A couple about ten years older than us (in their mid-thirties) appeared on the path from around the trees. They carried a blanket, of course, and a cooler and a picnic basket. They looked at us, both of them feasting their eyes on you while the lady did grant me a long look too. They approached. I was going to tell them that we were just getting ready to get dressed and leave the spot to them. I never got the chance. They asked if they could join us. You glanced at me for approval. I grinned and nodded. You welcomed their company. You introduced us and they introduced themselves as Don and Kim.

[This Don and Kim are the same ones in my story "Swingstock '03", but about 15 years younger than in that story. There's an obvious time anomaly...or else our date took place in the late '80's]

You are bold. "To be compatible," you suggested, "Either we should get dressed or you should get undressed."

They agreed immediately. Don stepped toward you, spread his arms wide, and invited you to do the honors. Kim offered me the same honor. It was obvious that they weren't wearing any more than we had been. 

So we did the honors...

...But not immediately. You started to undress Don, then glanced at me. 

"Excuse us a minute." you said. You stepped to me and drew me off a few steps. You looked into my eyes with sincere concern. 

"Are you going to be all right with this? Will you be okay with me fucking Don? Or," and you treated me to that teasing grin, "having sex with both of them at the same time? I can tell Kim wants us both."

I kissed you hard, and long. 

"I didn't think it possible, but you just made me love you even more. I think watching you with Kim will be incredible. And how could I not be okay with watching you do something you love doing?" I kissed you again. "I'll be glad to lose my group sex virginity. Besides, Kim is almost as desirable as you."

You hugged me hard. We turned back to our new friends.

"Sorry 'bout that," you apologized as you stood close to Don. "Shall we resume?"

Don treated us to an understanding grin, and Kim said, "Absolutely." She looked me boldly in the eyes. "Rod, I'm still dressed. We should correct this situation."

I stepped close to her, put both hands on the bottom of her tank top, and she raised her arms to allow me to pull it up and off. I stopped. "Kim, I have a rule. I never undress a woman unless I've kissed her first."

She lowered her arms onto my shoulders and pushed herself against me. 

"That sounds like a great rule." Then she kissed me, softly at first, then harder and offered her tongue to the edges of my teeth. My tongue responded and we tongue kissed for longer than I had expected.

I must confess, I was a little concerned about my ability to respond. I'd just set two personal records for erection length and stamina, plus volumes of ejaculate. Could I get it up again this soon?

I need not have worried... 

I glanced over to see what you were doing with Don. I saw he's about my height—give or take an inch from six feet—but with dark brown hair, clean-shaven, and probably more classically good-looking than I am, though I'm really not equipped to judge. His hands are smaller than mine. I could tell the way they clutched your ass cheeks as you two tongue-kissed like long-time lovers...or as Kim and I had just done.

While I was preparing to remove Kim's shirt, you were removing Don's. He's not as heavy as I am in the arms and chest, but he has those defined abs that I don't. And neither of us sports enough chest hair to matter.

Kim is not as pretty as you (is anybody?) but she is pretty. She has a natural tanned complexion with hazel eyes and long soft brown hair. As I lifted her tank top over her head and then her upraised arms, I managed to caress her breasts. Even when she dropped her arms and her left hand went to applying feather touches to my dick, it was obvious that her breasts were not large. Not even as large as yours, and yours are barely over a handful.

But her nipples are very nice—dark, with average-sized areolae—and, as I found out almost at once, very sensitive. I kissed one while the tips of my fingers twiddled the other. She inhaled sharply and threw her head back as she thrust her nipple farther into my mouth. Both her hands went to rubbing my almost complete erection.

I saw that Don was treating you about the same as I was treating her. As I looked, though, you swapped activities and your lips engulfed one of his nipples. His right hand went from your ass to your vulva. I returned my attention to Kim. She had a look of mild concern on her face. "Rod? Are you jealous? Does seeing her and him like that bother you?"

I shook my head. "No, Kim. Sorry I let my focus waver. I just love looking at her, no matter what she's doing. But I should be giving you one hundred percent of my attention. Let me make it up to you."

I knelt in front of her and slipped my fingers between the waistband of her shorts and her delightful skin and slipped them down. She put a hand on my shoulder for balance as she stepped out of them.

Like you, she has not shaved her pubic hair completely. She has a small neatly trimmed triangle of short hair. 

Her legs are stunningly perfect. I cannot wait to taste what is between them... 

I slide my right hand up the outside of her left leg, all the way to her hip. My left hand finds its way to the back of her right thigh and my fingernails gently caress the skin there as they move up to stroke her round firm right glute. I ask her to turn around and she does, slowly, teasingly. 

Okay, I admit it. Sometimes I kiss ass. But only when the ass is attached to a nude sexy woman. I kiss Kim's pretty hind end. Many times. As I do I slip my right hand in between her legs and urge them to separate. She cooperates and my fingers find the back entrance to her vagina. 

A glance to my left shows you subjecting Don to an enthusiastic oral exploration of his hard straight shaft. He is looking down at you, his appreciation obvious. He happens to glance at Kim, but notices me and our eyes meet. I grin and give him the okay sign, thumb and index finger forming an "O". He nods and turns back to you, putting his hands in your hair and encouraging your activity.

I remove my hand from Kim's lips and ask her to turn again. She does and I dive in, searching her labia at the top, pushing my tongue between them, and finding her clitoris. I can hear the happy smile in her soft moan. Then she puts her hands in my hair and holds me away from her. She pulls gently, signaling me to rise, and I do. She kisses me hard on the lips, her tongue searching and finding mine, savoring the taste of herself. She steps away, smiling.

"I think I'd like to be lying down for that. Help me spread our blanket?"

I do. It is a king-sized blanket of soft cotton that has been made, it seems, specifically for what we are about to do. Each corner has a small loop. When she unfolded the blanket four plastic stakes fell out. The ground is soft enough that we are able to push the stakes firmly into the ground. The blanket is secured. After that brief distraction, Kim and I lie down, she on her back and I on my knees, between her legs. I lick my lips in anticipation as I put her legs on my shoulders. I go down on her, licking her vaginal lips and then her clit. I push the point of my tongue into her soft velvety walls as far as it will go, then lick upward. I coax her clit between my lips and massage it, flicking the tip with my tongue as I do.

She orgasms, hard and gaspingly, her hands clutching my hair as she thrusts her pelvis upward into my hungry mouth. Her juices flow freely and I partake of the salty sweetness...

While I enjoyed Kim's shuddering orgasms...yes, plural; she was having one after the other in rapid-fire repetition...I noticed that you and Don had joined us on the blanket. I backed away from Kim's enticing pussy to catch a breath...she needed to do the same...and we both looked to her right. 

Don was doing to you what I had just done to Kim. You were both enjoying the activity as much as we had. And we enjoyed, briefly, watching you both. 

Then Kim said, "Rod, I don't want you to stop doing what you were just doing, but I want to return the favor at the same time."

So we we went with our favorite number. I lay down on my back and she positioned her glistening and well-eaten pussy above my still hungry lips while her own lips teased and engulfed and kissed my hard dick. I went back to doing what I had been.

I heard you giggle, "Oh, Don, that looks like fun. Let's do that too."

I devoted my full attention then to Kim, doing my best to make her come again, while striving not to do the same. It wasn't hard to withhold my orgasm since I'd had two already within the past two hours, but Kim was outstandingly excellent at giving oral sex. But I won that informal contest and she gushed juices on my lips and chin and throat and all surrounding whiskers. Her orgasm was so intense that she temporarily abandoned her ministrations to my hard dick.

I didn't mind. After becoming so intimately familiar with her pussy, I wanted to put my cock in it and fuck her joyfully and thoroughly for as long as I could.

Without warning she swiveled one hundred eighty degrees, sweaty belly sliding easily on sweaty belly, and kissed me. Much as you had done, she kissed and licked my lips and tongue and then kissed all around my mouth and chin, cleaning her juices from my face. 

As I kissed back as much as I could, I whispered to her,

"Kim, please put your beautiful pussy around my dick and fuck me like there's no tomorrow."

She grinned that sexy seductive grin—so like yours, and yet so different—and assured me that she planned on that very thing.

She reached between us and found my erection and slipped it easily into her wet pussy and began stroking my shaft with the wet soft grip of her vagina.

I glanced to my right. You and Don had not only kept up with us, you'd gained. You were sitting astride his hips and I could see his erection sliding in and out of your pussy. You looked like you were completely enjoying it, your eyes half-closed and your smile blissfully lighting up your face. You opened your eyes then, as if you sensed I was watching you, and you smiled right at me and declared just loud enough to be heard, "I love you." I respond immediately the same way, even as I put my hands on Kim's hips to steady her. Then you gave me that big teasing grin and said, more loudly, "But, I sure do love being fucked, too."

I answered, "Yeah, me, too" 

Then I reached up to Kim's delightful small breasts and began kneading the nipples... 

The way it had worked out, Don and I were only a foot apart and lying head-to-feet. So our lovely horny ladies, both riding cowgirl, were facing each other and very close. Almost as if you'd rehearsed, you both reached over and began rubbing the other's vulva right at the point of penetration. As Kim went up and down on my shaft, your hand caressed the base of my shaft and Kim's clit. Kim was doing the same to you and Don.

I was expecting something more, and I was not disappointed. Soon the two of you abandoned the guy's erections and concentrated on each other's clit. You both speeded up your caresses as well as your up-and-down movements. Between those two stimulations, you both came, hard and happily. So did Don. I saw him arch his hips upward and gasp with pleasure as he erupted into your beautiful interior. That seemed to increase your pleasure and you had a second shuddering orgasm. 

Then you and Kim reached across and began caressing each other's breasts. Soon after, you kissed each other, lips to lips, then open-mouthed, and I could see your tongues playing. You stood and stepped off Don, who had lost his rigidity. I saw the orgasmic fluid of you both almost pour from your vagina. You immediately kneeled again and kissed Kim quickly, then journeyed your kisses down her body, nibbling her nipples and going lower. You got down to where I was still entered in Kim's pussy, and you began kissing and licking the base of my shaft and Kim's clit... 

Kim had already come on my dick. I gave her the okay to abandon my shaft if she wanted more room to play with you. She said thank you and punctuated it with a long hard kiss with tongue. Then you showed me your appreciation the same way. Kim oh, so slowly raised herself off and knelt to one side. You immediately engulfed my erection with your lips, licking and tasting.

"Kimmy," you said with delight, "you taste so good! Can I get some from the source?"

"Of course you can, Brit. It'll be my pleasure, and you can be sure of that!" You both giggled. Then she added, "But I want to sample you at the same time!"

So, sixty-nine was still the number on the menu. Kim lay on her back and you spread your legs enough to kneel over her face while you placed your head above her pussy.

"Kimmy," you said, "I have never seen a snatch as pretty and sexy as yours. It's just scrumptious." 

Kim responded immediately, "Oh, I have. I'm looking at it right now." Then you both, obviously horny for each other, stopped talking and started munching on each other's sex. The view, plus the sound effects that included moans and whimpers had me stroking my still rampant erection. Don watched for a short minute and his rod regained full rigidity. He also began stroking it. I did not watch him. I watched you. 

After you had both enjoyed each other for several minutes, you raised your head up from between Kim's thighs. First you looked at me, winked, and gave me a cum-covered grin. Then you turned your head to see Don palming his piston.

"Hey, Donny, can I have that? Kim is treating my front door, but the back door has room. Then she can pleasure us both while we pleasure each other."

"Brit," he said, "I was thinking exactly the same thing, just not sure how to suggest it." He walked over to get behind you, then knelt and scooted on his knees until his erection was poised to enter your vagina from the rear. Kim interrupted long enough to take it in hand and suck it deeply into her mouth. She kissed his balls, then fitted it neatly into your pretty little love tunnel. Your entrance was so well lubricated that he slid right in. I scooted on my butt closer so I could get a good view of his pecker fucking the woman I love while Kim tongued your clit and slurped your juices... 

This was the first time I had a close-up view of a long hard penis going in and out of the soft and supple lips of a vagina. Incredible. I damn near masturbated myself to ejaculation, but I held back. I wanted to save it for you or Kim. 

Thanks to the double stimulation, you came first. Your cries of pleasure, muffled by Kim's legs and pussy, accompanied the sudden curling of your toes and trembling of your legs and arms. Orgasms produce orgasms. Yours triggered Don's. He groaned, thrust himself into you as far as possible and stayed there, frozen by the warmth of your coming. Those two orgasms triggered Kim's as she cried out a wordless declaration of ecstasy and humped her pussy into your face again and again.

After a very few minutes you and Kim disentangled. You were careful enough to keep Don's declining penis inside you until Kim's face was no longer beneath your pussy. She slid out feet first and you two kissed each other's bodies as as she went. Finally you were face to face and you gave each other brief but hungry tongue kisses. Guess you two really like each other, even though you just met. I can understand that. I like you both, too.

"God, that was wonderful," Kim exclaimed, "but I could do with another one." She looked at me.

"Rod looks ready to give me just what I want." She knelt next to me and took my hard-on in her soft hand and gave me a kiss much like the one she'd shared with you. "Like to finish me off?"

"I was hoping you'd ask. Back door?"

"Absolutely." She kissed me again and then turned away, presenting her back door to me I rose from my sitting position and knee-walked the few feet to her tight beautiful ass and her glistening pussy lips between her legs. 

I took my erection in hand and teased the outside of her waiting outer labia. I pushed the head in between them and stroked it up and down. She moaned.

You suddenly appeared beside us. "You're taking too long, lover. Stick it in her and fuck her hard." You took my erection and positioned it with your right hand, the head between Kim's labia. You steadied it, then you put your left hand behind my ass and pushed. I slid in. Kim voiced a happy yelp at the sudden but welcome intrusion and you laughed.

But you had no intention of remaining merely a spectator... 

After your assistance in penetrating Kim's eager cunt, I began thrusting in and pulling partly out, and then again and again. This is my favorite position. I seem to hit my partner's G-spot naturally. Since I had already come twice that afternoon, I had no problem delaying my orgasm. In fact, I felt like I could stay hard for an hour with no urge to ejaculate. I tried to concentrate on Kim's beautiful ass...but you made that difficult. You kept your hands where they had been...one on my erection and one on my ass. You massaged me in both places, occasionally dropping your right hand lower to feel up my balls. And you kissed me, hard, passionately, your lovely tongue searching out mine and stroking it.

"Fuck her hard, Rod," Don encouraged. "She doesn't like rough, but she loves it hard." 

I increased the force and rapidity of my thrusts, pushing myself as far into her as possible with each plunge.

I felt like I could go on forever. You had other ideas.

You repositioned yourself so that you could circle her tight asshole with your right index finger while giving mine the same treatment with your left. You did not penetrate either of us. You just circled around them, stimulating the flesh between rectum and genitals. 

You whispered to me, "I've got an idea. It's an old trick. You are going to love it."

You rose and walked to Don and exchanged passionate kisses with him as you fondled each other's genitals. Then you walked toward the coolers. I refocused my attention on fucking Kim as hard as I could. She had lowered her head and shoulders down so her weight was on her forearms and her ass up in the air. I shortened my thrusts to just a few inches, keeping most of my length deep within her, massaging her G-spot with the head of my erection. A minute of that and she came, voicing her pleasure with, "Oh, god, yesyesyes, don't stop, god, yes, moremoremoooore,aaahhh."

I did not stop, but I did slow down a little, lengthening my strokes.

You reappeared at my side. You said nothing but showed me you had a small ice cube in your right hand.

"Go in all the way," you instructed, "hard but not too fast, and pull out only halfway, then go again."

I always followed your desires regarding sex and this moment was no exception. After a few thrusts, you grinned and your intent was clear. You were going to assault her asshole with that ice cube. And you did.
