 A Jade Tale -- Beach Boy For Two

A few weeks ago, on a hot, sunny Saturday, Steve and I go to the beach. A little while after we get there and stretch out on our blanket to catch some rays, this young guy lays his towel down near us. He's real cute, still in his teens I was guessing. Gorgeous face, with a nice, trim, smooth, hard body. I like to jabber, so I offer him a cold drink and start talking. Meanwhile Steve's off taking a swim. Seems the guy just turned eighteen and as a high school graduation gift his parents bought him this expensive Italian touring bike. So he's been biking around all summer, touring the coast.

Steve comes back and the two guys say hello, then the kid -- Drew's his name -- he says goodbye, telling us he still has a lot of miles to cover that day. But a few minutes later he comes back looking distressed. Seems somebody stole his bike. We tell him we'll give him a lift wherever he needs as soon as he reports the theft at the lifeguard station. Then we decide to drive back to my place so he can make some phone calls and figure out what he's going to do next.

When we get back there's a message for him on the answering machine. It turns out they've recovered Drew's bike. Some idiot took it for a little joy ride. Drew's relieved. But now it's getting dark and it's too late for him to go all the way back to the beach to get the bike. He'll have to get it the next morning. So we tell him he can spend the night and tomorrow we'll drive him back to get his bike. He likes that idea a whole lot and asks us if we'd mind if he took a shower. He's all sandy and salty from the beach he says. I tell him to go ahead, and once he's in the shower I turn to Steve, a sexy smile on my face. I remind Steve that we've made it in front of women and other couples, but never in front of just a single guy. So I ask Steve what he'd think of making it in front of this cute eighteen year old. You know, two hot and very experienced fuck freaks showing a teenager what nasty sex is all about, Jade-and-Steve style. But Steve isn't quite sure what he thinks about that. It's not the same as making it in front of a chick or another couple, he tells me. So now I know that I'll need to be the one to initiate it and help Steve get over his ambivalence.

Drew's taking his shower in the bathroom right off my bedroom and so now I drag Steve into the bedroom and start taking off his clothes, then mine. Drew's clothes are on a chair so I know he's going to have to come into the bedroom to get dressed. And that's exactly what I want to see happen, for him to be surprised when he walks in naked and sees me and Steve on our bed as naked as he is. And not just naked, but intimate. Steve isn't saying yes but he isn't saying no either, and I see his dick is starting to swell So now I slide my head down and start giving that big dick of his some of my patented oral loving when I hear Drew turning off the shower. He's in the bathroom drying himself off and on the other side of the door while I'm laying there with Steve, sucking his cock. A few seconds later he walks into the bedroom and sees us, me with my lips wrapped around Steve's meaty dick, really gulping it down. I know I'm such a slut, but, what the hell, I just can't help it!

Now I look up at Drew, my mouth stuffed with a big serving of thick, hard cock. There he is, lean and young and naked, his long straight hair still a little wet. He's standing there still as a statue, staring down at us, his eyes zeroing in on my mouth saying a big, sloppy hello to Steve's cock. I'm guessing he'd like to say a big hello like that himself. Because from the moment I laid my eyes on him I figured him for a queer. There was just something about the way he eyeballed Steve when Steve ran off into the surf, the way he stared at the bulge in Steve's swim trunks. I didn't miss that look. That look said a lot. It was a look of pure lust, lust he tried, but was unable to conceal.

I pull my lips from Steve's cock and cuddle up against him, spreading my legs, looking over at young Drew, teasing him, asking him how he enjoyed his shower while I flash it for him and sensually fist Steve's stiff dick. Now the kid's dick is starting to swell up. Steve's cock is at full mast and my wet pussy is exposed to Drew's view. He checks me out but what's really grabbing his attention is Steve's thick, nine inches, no doubt about it.

Before I had guessed that cock was this kid's thing, not pussy. Now I'm sure of it. At the beach I'd told Steve I had a feeling he was queer but Steve thought I was just making it up. Straight men like Steve can be pretty thick about things like that. We women are often better at judging when a guy is queer than most guys are, unless they're queer themselves. So I take hold of Steve's rigid shaft and fist it slowly, pressing my lips to his ear, whispering that It would really excite me if I could watch the kid suck his cock, I just know Drew wants to. By now Steve is getting the picture. He can see the way Drew is staring at his tool, drooling over it. But he still looks unsure. I mean I've shared my fantasy with him about how sometimes I think it would be so cool to watch two guys having sex, a prospect that's always turned me on. It turns on a lot of women, two men having hot sex with each other, the very idea of it has made countless pussies drip with lust and longing. Nothing strange or puzzling about that. After all, most men fantasize about two women getting it on. So why shouldn't we get off on the two hot studs mixing it up, right? Especially when they're two good-looking masculine fellows like these two were. I mean guys don't fantasize about ugly bull dykes making it, but foxy sluts like myself. It's the same thing with us bitches, our fantasies are often the mirror image of a man's. I know I was ready for the sight. One time I rented this gay porno flick. Man, I really rubbed my pussy raw watching that hot boy-boy action. All these good lookin' studs swallowing it, taking it up the ass like you wouldn't believe. Even freakier shit than that.

So Steve knows full well how that kind of scene turns me on. But he never figured it would ever have anything to do with him, since he's, like, straight all the way. But now I keep whispering in his ear how much I'd love to see Drew go down on him. I can see just how badly the horny young teen wants to suck Steve's big dick and figure he probably knows how to wolf down a big one. I mean, your average sexually active queer knows a thing or two about sucking a dick.

Steve gives me this look, like why am I even bringing this up when I know that he's straight? But I whisper that he won't stop being straight just because he lets some cute young queer suck his dick. And I tell him how it would really excite the shit out of me to see the kid do that to him, how it would make my pussy tingle and drip. He's still not saying yes and he isn't saying no, but his dick is as hard as ever so I keep pleading and begging, laying on the charm, until finally he gives me a nod.

Thrilled, I look straight at Drew.

"Feel like having a taste of my lover's cock, stud?" I ask him flat out. He blushes, but then he nods, so I wag a finger at him, telling him to come join us. Now he's at the foot of the bed, staring down at Steve's dick. He's looking real hungry, believe me. The kid hesitates a moment, then takes Steve's shaft in his hand. I think my heart skips a beat when I see him do that, I am so insanely excited that this is really happening, that this fantasy of mine might now finally be coming true. Steve looks a little unsure but his cock sure isn't losing any of its stiffness as Drew begins to massage the shaft.

I snuggle up close to Steve, kissing him, licking his ear, running my hands over his body, wanting to make sure he sees this as a thing where our young guest is joining me and him in adding a new hot kink for Steve to enjoy. 

"Yeah, baby," I purr at Steve, "Drew's a lucky boy, about to get a nice tasty of that beautiful stiff cock of yours."

I bring my lips to Steve's ear and whisper that I'm getting so excited that my nipples are as stiff as corks, and take a hand of his and put it on my tits. Steve loves to play with my nipples when they're erect and aroused like this.

Drew starts running his tongue up and down Steve's cock, loving every inch. And Steve? He's got quite a few inches to taste! Now he looks up at the two of us, wraps his lips around Steve's cockhead and starts sucking it. Shit, I almost faint as I watch him actually take Steve in his mouth like that. His head is bobbing up and down, sucking away while he's twisting Steve's shaft with his hand. I'm feeling pretty bold now so I reach over and press down on the kid's neck, forcing him to swallow Steve's cock, to take it down his throat. Gay guys are supposed to do this all the time and I know how much Steve loves it when I take his deep. Take it all the way down my throat.

"Suck that dick!" I hiss at him, "suck it like you mean it, swallow it!"

And swallow it he does as his lips press against Steve's balls and his pubic hair, every inch of his shaft engulfed in Drew's mouth and down his throat.

Now I take hold of Steve's hand and bring it between my legs to so he can see how wet I am, how my clit is as big and hard as a marble. 

"I'm this wet because I'm so turned on seeing you get your dick sucked by this cute young queer," I whisper in his ear. "I almost feel like I'm getting my dick sucked too, that's how close I feel to you, baby. You're my man, my sexy rugged stud, with that big, thick, beautiful cock of yours. Drew down there is the queer, lucky to get a taste of you, lucky that I'm willing to share." 

You know, I want to make Steve feel all comfortable and shit. I don't want him to start feeling uptight about what he's doing and suddenly quit on me.

Now I can't help thinking how Steve craves having his ass eaten out. I eat it all the time. And there's a chick we know who really loves to rim his ass too. More than once she and I have ganged up on Steve's butt, lapping away at his hot crack, him loving the attention paid to his rear by the two rim bitches and their hot, slick tongues. Now I want to see this young stud do some rimming.

"Go ahead and lick his asshole," I tell Drew as I push back on Steve's thighs, helping him jackknife his legs, exposing his butt to the hungry teen. The young male slut licks his lips and digs right in, hungry for it, lapping away at Steve's asshole like he was starved.

"Oh fuck, look at him go, he's a hungry boy," I tease as I gaze at Drew pressing his tongue against Steve's anus, holding him open, Steve's big balls and thick nine inches so vivid right above where he is getting rimmed.

This was definitely pressing all my buttons, a beautiful teenage queer eating out my lover's hot, horny ass. I was in kink heaven.

Seeing him eat out Steve's ass now made me think of Drew's ass. It was time to move on. I'd watched Steve get some hot oral action from this hungry young queer. Now it was time for something else. It was fuck time! So I tell the kid it was time for him to stop eating and to slide up on the bed, turn over and get up on his elbows and knees and to stick it out nice and high. Man, he sure is eager to assume the position as, all of a sudden, me and Steve were staring at his smoothly muscled buns. He told us he'd been to a nude beach that summer so his bottom was as tanned at the rest of him. So now Steve and me get behind the kid and right away I spread apart his buns so we can see it. We're both staring down at that cute little asshole of his and I'm wondering to myself how many stiff dicks have been stuffed inside it, if any of them were as big and thick as Steve's. I'm thinking how if watching him lick and suck Steve had the effect it did on me, how crazy it'll make me to see Steve fuck his young male ass! So what to do first now that the kid is sticking it out for us, ready to take it from Steve? The sight of that asshole is making my head spin, especially since I know what's going to get stuffed inside it any minute. Steve's fisting his big dick like a maniac. His dick is so stiff it looks like it's going to burst. Now when we've mixed it up with couples, me and Steve, he's seen me go down on other men. Not just suck their cocks, but eat out their butts too. So I figure maybe I should have a taste of Drew's butthole. I know Steve wouldn't mind seeing me do that, but I'm wondering about the young stud. He's gay, after all. Though maybe he's bi. Anyway, I figured that by now he's ready for just about anything.

The kid's looking back at the two of us and now he watches me drop behind him and the next think he knows I'm digging my tongue into the warm cleft between his smooth, tanned cheeks. It's a chick that's rimming his hole, but he sure doesn't seem to mind. I mean, I'm all pumped up now with raw, libidinous excitement, so I really dig in, feasting away on his asshole while Steve keeps whacking away at his own dick, loving every moment. Steve's so fucking horny by now that he's game for it all. I know him well.

"I think this ass is ready for some dick!" I announce to the two of them as I pull my tongue out of Drew's crack and reach into a drawer for some lubricating jelly. I always make sure to keep plenty of that on hand since Steve likes to fuck me up the ass on a regular basis. I slap a big dab between the kid's cheeks, rubbing it in, looking up at Steve, licking my lips, then turning my eyes to Drew's young bottom. Now I work a finger inside. He groans when he feels that, pushing back on my finger. The slut loves it, so I add a second finger as Steve watches keenly. Then I ask Steve if maybe he'd like to work a finger inside himself and see just how tight Drew is, to check out the spot where any minute he's going to be burying his big stiff dick. Steve hesitates a moment. It's not like he goes around every day digging his fingers up teenage males' assholes! But I know he's game.

"Time to fuck," I tell Steve as he pulls out his fingers. We both take a moment to look the kid over. There he is, exposed and vulnerable, his greased asshole staring us in the face, Steve's bullseye. Now I have Steve kneel behind the cute kid, take hold of his cock and rub the big, smooth knob against Drew's slick hole. 

"Oh baby, I want to see you fuck this young ass so bad!" I hiss in his ear.

Steve's ready now, moving in close as I hold Drew's cheeks wide open. Female, male, it doesn't matter anymore to Steve. He's an ass-fucking maniac and he's got a cute young ass to fuck here. Now he presses the tip of his dick against Drew's slick hole. My heart is beating like crazy, I'm so fucking excited by what I'm going to get to see any second now. 

" 'Stick it in," I hiss at Steve. I'm not whispering anymore. I want the kid to hear me too. 

"Bury it inside him! Bury it all the way up his fuckin' young ass!" I howl, holding nothing back. Now Steve pushes it in, working the tip of his cock inside Drew's butt. I almost faint a second time when I see that. My eyes are glued to the spot where Steve's dick is starting to say a big hello to Drew's greased asshole. Drew's really starting to groan as he feels Steve work his thick, hard inches inside him. I can't believe how fucking hot it all looks, Steve sliding inch after inch inside Drew's willing and eager butthole, stretching him open while the kid's moaning away. 

I pull back for an overview, taking in Steve's buttocks pumping forward as he drives his cock inside. The sight his bottom makes me lick my lips. With lust. With hunger. I get behind Steve now and spread those buttocks wide open. There it is, what I hunger for. I drag my warm, wet tongue up and down his crack, softly at first, tantalizing him with teasing flickers. He craves having that his ass of his eaten, and he knows no one eats it with quite the zest and finesse I bring to the task. So now I press my tongue against his sphincter and rim him in earnest. And finally I give Steve a dose of my special treat, rolling up my tongue into a sort of wet dagger, and forcing it up into his anal passage, pushing open the sphincter. 

"Oh yes, Jade, like that, just like that!" he moans, reaching back with a big hand, pressing my head firmly against his bottom, my tongue probing, digging in for a taste. He says no one has a tongue like mine, a tongue just perfect to probe a cunt or asshole, to probe those orifices deeply and eagerly. Yes, I was proud of myself. 

Finally I pull back to have a look at the main event, that cock of Steve's mercilessly busting open Drew's bottom, the teen's dilated sphincter stretched obscenely around Steve's awesomely rigid girth. I smile to myself. A cock for Drew's sphincter, a tongue for Steve's. But now something else, a finger. I slide it up Steve's ass, and that finger now goes in nice and smooth and easy, his hole slickened by my expert tongue work. One of these days I'm going to have stick something a little bigger and thicker than just my finger up that ass of Steve's. I know he'll love it.

Meanwhile Drew is taking it like a champ. I mean he's only eighteen years old but he's sure acting like he knows how to take a dick up his ass. I'm staring in wide-eyed amazement at the two of them going at it. Steve is just pumping his rigid penis into Drew like a hot horny fucker who can't be stopped. I mean, he is really screwing the shit out of the teen's young butt. And I'm like a zombie in a trance staring at the sizzling scene. Except my hand is between my legs beating away like crazy, really whipping up a froth down there. By now I am so insanely excited by what's happening I can hardly breathe, I am literally panting. Steve looks over at me and smiles his cocky smile. I mean he can hear me panting. He can also hear the sloshy sound my fingers are making strumming away at my cunt, I am so wet down there by then. And that only stirs him on as he drives it in nice and deep and hard, showing off, spreading Drew's butt wide open so I can see how he forces it inside, reaming out the kid's rectum. Then he slows down and tells me to bring my face close, just inches away from the scene of the crime. He loves having me watch; he can be such a lewd freak when he wants to be, such a show-off. 

And now he's really showing off, forcing it inside Drew slowly, inch by thick inch, then pulling out just as slow, all the way, before he shoves it back in again. I love the way it all looks, Drew's asshole forced wide open, wrapped around Steve's thickness. And Drew's hole when Steve pulls it out of him? It looks obscene, it's stretched so wide from all that savage fucking. Then Steve drives it in again, all the way, slowly, until every one of his nine inches is buried out of sight in the kid's hot, humid bottom, Steve's big balls slapping against Drew's cheeks as he pumps it inside him. Meanwhile I'm just about screaming, really urging him on.

"Fuck him! Fuck his ass! Fuck his fuckin' ass! Fuck it! Fuck it! Drive it in deep, all the way! Up his ass!' I could hardly believe this was happening. Then I smiled to myself admitting I had somehow known I could make Steve go for it. He may be straight and all that shit, like he says. But he can be so damned nasty about sex and such a horny glutton for a great blow job or a really hot ass fuck. 

Steve's having the time of his life fucking the kid to kingdom come and watching me freak out.

"You like it, baby?" he's hissing at me while he's doing it. "You like watching me fuck this cute young queer up the ass?" 

Steve knows he can talk that way in front of Drew. By now the kid is a pure slave to Steve's big dick. 

"I fuckin' love it!" I hiss back at him, whacking away at my totally drenched pussy like crazy, Steve looking down. He loves to see me play with myself, getting myself off. 

"'Stick a couple of fingers in your cunt and let him taste them," Steve tells me as I jam three fingers up my vagina and then bring the wet fingers up to Drew's face. He looks up at me with this strange expression. I mean, he's a fag, and now a sleek, foxy slut is offering him her pussy to taste while he's got a big dick buried in his ass! It must all seem pretty outrageous to him. But then he didn't seem to find it too outrageous when I fisted his hard dick earlier or lapped away at his asshole. So now he licks, then sucks my fingers. I love it! The gorgeous young queer is tasting my pussy while my lover is fucking the shit out of him.
