 Sara and I hadn't had sex in over three months. 

And the few times we did have sex this past year, it was uninspired and perfunctory. It wasn't always like this. Our sex life was wonderful when we first met – long marathon sessions and multiple orgasms. That was only 4 years ago. We got married a year ago, and as we both approach 50, we didn't seem to have the time or energy for sex. 

Our relationship is solid otherwise. We love each other. We had several conversations about our declining sex lives but had no solution. We just didn't seem to have the same sexual drive and maybe that was normal. We were becoming an old boring couple – early to bed and early to rise and no sex. 

But we certainly didn't look old. Both of us are fit and slim. At nearly 5'10", Sara maintains a tall, slim figure. She does yoga every day and has a shapely back side, and lovely C cup breasts. Her nipples are big and suck-able. She laments that her breasts aren't as pert as they used to be, but they have a gorgeous lilt to them. At only 5'7", I'm not as tall as Sara, but maintain a similar level of fitness. I have an uncut six inch cock that Sara used to devour, but I couldn't remember the last time my cock was in her mouth.

We are a bit of a contrast – her tall figure and light pale freckled skin next to my shorter stature and darker South Asian skin. Sara has a thing for darker-skinned men. Despite looking very white, Sara is half Mexican. Before me she dated mostly Latin and Caribbean guys. Her first husband was Guyanese.

When we first started dating, she mentioned some crazy times she had with her former lovers – a few threesomes and maybe even an orgy. She was always kind of vague, but from what she did tell me, her experiences were with men. She is not into women. 

One would think hearing about my wife having sex with two (or maybe more) guys would be hard to handle. But it never was. In my 20s, I would be a jealous mess, but in my 40s I don't have as possessive view of sex. And I'm certainly not one to judge – I had an adventurous sex life myself when I was younger.

And in fact, her candor actually encouraged me to be honest about my sexuality. I'm bisexual and have had my share of homosexual experiences. I've never gone into too much detail, but Sara is the first and only woman I've shared this information with. Many women seem turned off by bisexual men, but Sara is not remotely homophobic. She knows I've sucked many cocks in my life and has never been concerned or judgmental. She loves me – all of me and everything that entails. And I love every part of her – which is why I married her. 

But regardless of our previous adventures and our progressive views on sexuality, our marriage was monogamous. We never explicitly talked about monogamy but that was the understanding between us. Although with that part of our life slowing down dramatically, I had been having more and more fantasies of having sex with other people – particularly men. I hadn't sucked a cock in years and was missing it.

Collectively, we've probably had quite a bit of sex in our lives – but no one would think such a thing looking at us. We are the very ordinary, adorable couple next door. And Sara is one of the kindest, sweetest people you will ever meet. She loves to cook and host and serve good people good food and drink. There's a wholesome essence to Sara that belies any sexual energy. I don't have quite the same energy, but most people would be deeply shocked to learn of our varied pasts. 

Sara is an Ivy League graduate and quite successful in her career. Before we were married, she was able to buy a beautiful condo by the beach. It's about an hour or so from our place and most weekends we are there. Even when the weather is cold, we like to go there to relax and breath the fresh air. We needed some rest. We both took a few days off work and headed to the beach.

We got there on a Wednesday after work and were planning to stay there through the next Monday. The condo is a small, simple studio, but it had been beautifully renovated and has the most wonderful balcony overlooking the ocean. Just being there relieves tension. We have it simply furnished – a queen sized bed, a dining table, and a futon couch. 

The next day we didn't do much of anything but sleep and eat. On Friday, we decided to venture to the beach. It was a nice sunny day – a bit too cold to go for a swim but felt good to walk on the beach in our swim suits. Sara was looking good in her sexy pink two piece that accentuated her chest. I loved how her nipples protruded through the thin fabric. I wore a very skimpy pair of trunks that showed off my toned legs and cute little butt.

The very southern tip of this particular beach is the unofficial gay/nude section of the beach. We often venture down there. It's a bit of a walk to get down there, but it's worth it. It's very "live and let live" and we find the vibe much more relaxed. 

We made our way down there and laid down our towels. I brought a few books to read and Sara made sure to pack plenty of snacks, water, and juice. The beach was relatively empty on this day – we saw a few folks here and there – mostly men. We both fell asleep.

I woke up and saw a penis. Actually, I saw two penises. Two guys had laid their towels not too far from us and were sun bathing in the nude. That wasn't unusual on this part of the beach, but these were some impressive penises. Even flaccid, they were impressively long and thick. Both were uncut.

Sara also woke up and seemed to notice our new neighbors. She didn't say anything but I saw her discreetly checking out their assets. We had been to this beach dozens of times and had seen many a naked body, but I had never seen Sara checking anyone out. Seeing her eye another man's cock was an unusually charged moment. We hadn't had any sexual energy between us for some time, so to see her as a sexual being was exciting. Even if her attention was on someone else. 

""I'm going to go into the water," Sara remarked as she took of her top. Here, she often went swimming topless. It's one of the reasons we enjoy spending time at this part of the beach. She ventured into the water. She has a much better tolerance for cold water than I do, and within minutes she was splashing around. She swam for a bit. When she got out of the water she looked quite stunning. Her hair was wet and shiny and her nipples were enticingly erect.

"How cold is it?" I heard. One of our naked neighbors was asking. 

"It's not so bad," Sara remarked. "You should try it. It's nice!"

Both guys took Sara's advice and went into the water. They splashed around naked and had a good time.

"You guys want some food," Sara offered as the guys walked out of the water.

They walked over and introduced themselves. Junot was a hair taller than Sara. He had a buzzed haircut like me and a lean build. Carlos was about Sara's height – a little beefier and hairier than Junot. Carlos had a full head of salt and pepper hair. They are both Costa Rican and about our age – maybe a few years younger. 

Their cocks were even more impressive up close. And again, I caught Sara taking quick glances at both their packages.

Sara fed them and the guys seemed to really appreciate it. We made small talk and got to know them a little. Like us, they both lived about an hour away and were often here on the weekends. They both had a lovely energy about them. Junot was a bit more talkative and Carlos more laid back. But they both exuded kindness and we both felt very much at ease around them. We assumed they were a couple.

Like Sara, Junot loves to play guitar. And Carlos is a visual artist. Sara and I love to go to art galleries and attend concerts and live music shows. We chatted for a while about music and art. Sara enjoyed speaking Spanish with both guys – it's not something she gets to do that often.

We were hitting it off – Sara asked if they wanted to come over. Sara had a couple of guitars at the condo and thought it might be nice to play guitar with Junot. Sara also mentioned that we have some "edibles" (for the uninitiated – cookies and candies made with marijuana). The guys enthusiastically agreed. They got dressed and we headed back to the condo, chatting amicably on the long walk back.

When we got to the condo, we got cleaned up and took turns taking showers. I went first. Sara got everyone something to drink. I got out of the shower and didn't bother to cover up.

"You're going to walk around naked in front of our guests!" Sara scolded me.

"You guys were all naked on the beach!" I protested. The guys laughed. And when they took their respective showers, they didn't bother to put on clothes either. Sara followed suit after her shower.

We sat around the dining table in the buff, eating and chatting away. We all had a few edibles and were soon blissfully high.

"How long have you guys been together?" Sara asked the guys.

They looked at each other with a knowing look. "We're not ... it's complicated," said Carlos.

Junot explained that they've been friends for a long time, but they weren't a couple. They both used to be married to women.

"Oh ...," Sara stammered. "I thought...you guys were together...but yeah, divorce is hard. I've been through it. It's rough."

Junot and Carlos concurred. I was the only one at the table who hadn't been divorced.

"I didn't mean to assume," Sara apologized.

"Oh...we get that all the time – I mean we are two guys at a gay beach," Carlos chimed in.

"You guys are gay, right?" Sara asked gingerly. I think Sara got concerned for a second. Was she sitting naked in front of two straight strangers?

"We're both bi," Junot said without hesitation. "And we love that beach because we don't have to hide it, you know?"

"Ben is also bisexual!" Sara exclaimed. She seemed relieved.

The marijuana must have been lowering Sara's inhibitions. This is not information that Sara would ever offer up to anyone, let alone relative strangers. And normally, I would be upset about it, but with these guys I didn't mind. She immediately realized she divulged personal information, but I gave her a silent look to tell her it was okay. We were among friends.

"So I guess we've all sucked cock," I said to everyone's laughter – my own inhibitions lowered.

Junot and Sara picked up the guitars and started playing a few songs together. They were quite a sexy sight – naked with their guitars. Junot's big cock was hanging delightfully below his guitar. And Sara's breasts looked delectable with the guitar strap between them.

Junot is an excellent guitar player, and I could see how happy Sara was to be playing with him. She was clearly in awe of his talent and drawn to him. I could see the admiration in her eyes. Sara asked Junot to help her learn a specific chord progression. He put down his guitar and got behind Sara, positioning her fingers and arms just so. 

I saw Junot's bare cock touching Sara's ass while he continued to give her a guitar lesson. I didn't know how to feel about that. Nothing overtly sexual was happening, but clearly there was a spark between them. I suppose I should have been jealous. But both Junot and Carlos were such kind men. Nothing he was doing was insidious or disrespectful. And Sara was having a great time. She seemed happier than I had seen her in months. I was happy for her.

It was getting late and Sara insisted that they spend the night. We set up the futon bed for them. Junot and Carlos slept on the futon while Sara and I were in our bed – all in the same room of our quaint studio condo. With the edibles and the full day at the beach, we all fell asleep quickly.

I woke up very early the next morning – at the crack of dawn. I was still a bit stoned. Sara was not in bed next to me. I walked down the hall towards the kitchen to get some water. Through a window, I could see Sara and Junot on the balcony. They were both still naked. They were leaning over the railing as they looked at the ocean. They were facing away from me and couldn't see me – their pretty asses perched towards me.

I couldn't quite hear them – but they seemed to be chatting away in Spanish. I went into the kitchen and got myself some water. When I walked back I could see that they were now much closer to each other. Junot had his hand on Sara's lower back. Side by side, their butts were touching. Sara whispered something in Junot's ear.

Junot lowered his hand to Sara's ass. She turned to him and kissed him. I stepped away from the window so they couldn't see me. Junot kissed her back. They started making out. I was shocked. Frozen.

Sara and I had, I thought, very open lines of communication. We talked about our lagging sex lives but had never brought up any possibilities of opening our relationship. But here she was with another mans tongue in her throat. 

Junot fondled her breasts and started kissing her neck. His cock quickly grew to a magnificent length. It was thick and long – maybe eight inches. Sara started stroking him and I could hear them both lightly groaning.

I couldn't process what I was seeing. It was overwhelming. And it wasn't over. Sara got down on her knees in front of Junot and started licking his cock. The early morning light was hitting them just so and I could see the look in her eye. It was a look I hadn't seen in years from her – pure lust. She sucked him like a porn star – licking his balls and shaft with abandon. 

I did feel jealousy, but I was far more overwhelmed with desire. I was as aroused as I've ever been in my life.

Junot held onto Sara's shoulders and started audibly moaning. Sara took his cock out of her mouth briefly and raised her finger to her lips – silently warning him to be quiet. She then went back to devouring his cock. Junot came. Sara swallowed.

Overcome with conflicting emotion and persistent desire, I sneaked back into the bed and pretended to be asleep. I heard them come back into the apartment. Sara was in the bathroom cleaning up and Junot went back to sleep on the futon. A few minutes later Sara came back to bed.

With all that I had just witnessed, somehow all I wanted to do was ravage her. My cock was bigger and harder than it had ever been. Incredibly, I had more desire for Sara now than I did when we first started dating.

Sara was on her side, facing away from me. I snuggled up behind her, my rock hard cock against her ass. I grabbed her breasts and slid my cock into her pussy easily. She was dripping wet. I fucked her slowly and quietly in this position for some time. Sara didn't say a word.

Her earlier warning to Junot on the balcony to be quiet showed a level of awareness about what she was doing. But now she seemed to forget that we had guests in the same room, or maybe she didn't care. Clearly, I didn't care either. She got on all fours and bucked her backside against me as I continued to fuck her long and hard. She came. I came. The guys obviously heard us and saw us.

Junot was standing next to our bed and Carlos sat at the edge of the futon. Both of them were impressively erect. We were all dumbstruck by the moment. Nobody said anything.

Sara held my hand and looked at me intently. Holding on to my hand, she moved towards Junot and with her other hand grabbed his cock.

She looked back at me. I looked at her with awe and wonder and confusion. Junot looked at me with similar wonderment. I didn't know what to say or do. Perhaps she surmised that she had my permission, but I don't think she was really asking. She was in heat. And she knew what she wanted. 

She let go of my hand. She kissed Junot and pulled him into the bed on top of her. I moved off the bed. 

She spread her legs for him and he entered her slowly and gently. Watching Sara blow Junot on the balcony was overwhelming, but watching another man fuck my wife was downright surreal.

The expression on her face said it all. The deeper he was in her, the more ecstatic she became. Junot's big cock was putting her in a trance. She was mumbling incoherently 

I sat down on the futon next to Carlos. We looked at each other – acknowledging the insanity of the situation. As we continued to watch Junot pound my wife, Carlos put his hand on my knee.

We were both rock hard. I looked at his proud uncut cock, pointing straight up. It was beautiful. It had been so long since I had a cock in my mouth – if there was a time to return to my cock-sucking ways, this was it.

I reached and gently stroked him. I got on my knees in front of him and I started sucking Carlos' big cock. The sensation of cock in my mouth was just as glorious as I remembered it. And though it had been years, I remembered exactly what to do. I licked, sucked, and stroked without restraint.

Sara was cumming hard as Junot kept pounding away. She screamed loudly during her orgasm, and after a quick recovery she turned around and maneuvered herself on all fours. Junot entered her from behind, penetrating Sara even deeper. Her groans became louder. 

Sara came again – screaming in satisfaction. This must have triggered Junot, as moments later he unloaded into my wife.

I continued to suck Carlos. He was balls deep in my mouth when he unloaded several spurts of cum. Sara and Junot watched me swallow every drop.

I sat on the floor next to Carlos wiping my mouth. Sara looked at me with awe, no doubt dazed by watching her husband suck and swallow a cock. Neither of us said a word for several minutes. Multiple emotions were floating in the air – confusion, satisfaction, joy, and guilt. We were all entirely unsure of how to proceed. 

"That was insane" Junot offered, breaking the ice. "We should talk...I mean, what just happened?"

"Yes..." Sara offered. "But I think Ben and I need to talk first."

Junot and Carlos got cleaned up and made their goodbyes. Sara and I were left alone. We were silent.

"I saw you on the balcony," I finally said. "I saw you kiss him. I saw you swallow him. I saw you shush him so you wouldn't get caught."

"I'm so sorry," she said after a long, painful silence.

"If it had been two women we met – and you saw me sneaking off and making out with one of them, how would you feel?"

"I'd be devastated," she said.

Silence.

"But then why did you...? I mean...you saw that and then fucked me for the first time in months," she asked.

"And then you fucked Junot...right in front of me," I countered.

"I, I don't..." Sara muttered.

We had a hard time explaining ourselves to each other. But we kept at it. We talked all day and night and the rest of the weekend. And the more we talked, something amazing happened. We got turned on. I mean really turned on. We made love all weekend in every corner of that apartment. We were like young kids on our honeymoon.

We opened up about our sexual histories – every detail we could remember about our past experiences – every blowjob, every spit-roast (it turns out we both love to be spit-roasted), every crazy encounter. And the more stories we told each other, the more attracted we were to each other.

A few weeks later, we made it back to the beach. We were walking down the boardwalk hand in hand when we saw Junot and Carlos in the distance. We hadn't seen them since our crazy weekend but hugged like old friends. Junot pulled me aside briefly.

"How are you Ben?" he asked.

"I'm good. I'm really good."

"Are we...?" Junot asked sheepishly.

"We're great Junot. Seriously." I looked at him reassuringly.

We made plans to get together again the next day. As Sara and I walked back to the Condo, she asked if I was absolutely ok with seeing them again.

"I am. But this time I get to suck off Junot on the balcony."

"Oh I bet he would love that. You deep throat better than I do," offered Sara. "Can I fuck Carlos?"

"Only if I can watch!"

We got home and made love – ecstatic for the possibilities ahead.