 Suddenly finding myself in the precarious situation known as "unemployed", I decided that a change was needed in my life. I bought several books that are intended to help people "find" themselves based on their interests, talents, and skills. I took several aptitude tests and assessments and they showed that I had a talent for writing and editing. I knew that I could write because I had published several technical articles in professional trade journals. 

In addition to this rather dry career related writing, I also write erotic (euphemism for pornographic) fiction in my spare time. All of these efforts are posted at Literotica.com, where presumably you are reading this now. My stories have always gotten pretty good feedback and while I have never been blessed with the highly coveted "Big Green E" indicating an editors choice, most of my stories have been given the people's approval medal of the "Pink H", meaning readers' vote average of 4.50 or higher.

It was almost on a whim that I contacted Literotica.Com by email to see about an employment opportunity. Being without employment, needing to provide myself with daily bread, and seeking a new direction in my professional life, this seemed to fill all the bills, so I sent a resume and letter of interest.

A few weeks went by, and then one day I received an email from Rebecca@Literotica.com. The subject was "your resume". It was an offer for an interview with a possibility of employment as an editor. Apparently, Rebecca, whom I had not heard of before, reviewed my resume and went back and read my various submittals and had taken my case to management. While the company would not pay for my travel to California for the interview, they would pay for lodging and provide transportation to the interview. At least the trip would be tax deductible and a nice change of scenery.

I flew to LA, arriving after business hours on a Monday night. This would allow me to get a good night's rest for the interview on Tuesday. The emails and phone calls I had exchanged with Rebecca made me feel pretty relaxed about the next day's interview. She had assured me that the work environment was open and relaxed. "Dress casually and comfortably" she had said in a voice that flowed like honey. "Like lots of dot coms, we are more like family than a business"

I didn't want to appear to be a slacker or a slob, so I chose Dockers, a button down light blue shirt, and a blue blazer to go over it. I knew I could ditch the blazer if it got too hot or it was too formal.

The next morning, at the appointed time, I was in the lobby of my hotel. A uniformed driver approached me. "Mr. Lohengren?" I assured him I was. He told me he was there to drive me to the office for my appointment. We stepped outside where a stretch limo was parked. He opened a back door and I got it. The first thing I noticed was that the windows were so heavily tinted that I could not see out at all. The second thing I noticed was that there were no door handles on the inside. And the third thing I noticed was that there was no open panel from the front to the back. I was isolated in the limo from the world. It was kind of strange but I figured, "What the heck?"

His voice came over a speaker. "Feel free to turn on the TV or to have a soft drink from the fridge, Mr. Lohengren. There are magazines and today's newspaper next to the couch.. Make yourself comfortable and enjoy the ride. We will be there in about an hour."

There wasn't much I could do actually, other than to sit back and enjoy the ride. I felt like we turned a lot of corners and were maybe doing some back tracking. One thing was certain; I had no idea where we went or how we got there.

Sure enough, in about an hour, the limo slowed and stopped. The driver got out and opened my door. The limo was parked inside a garage where the door had closed behind us. I had absolutely no idea where I was other than inside a parking garage. I could have been next door to the hotel for all I knew. The driver pointed to a single glass door and said, "Right through that door, Mr. Lohengren."

I walked over to the door and went through. There was a second glass door about 10 feet within the first door. In small gold lettering, the name "Consulting and Universal Management On-Line" was printed on the door. I figured it was professional camouflage since these people seemed to be so security conscious, to the point of paranoia it seemed. 

I entered into a small reception area. A stern looking woman of around 55, maybe, was seated behind a reception desk and window. Her hair was in a tight bun and her glasses sat low on her nose. She looked like she should be a sixth-grade teacher at a school for pre-delinquents. She looked up at me with an icy glare and coldly said, "Yes?"

"Well, uhm, I hope I am in the right place…"

Before I could continue she said, "No one here sees anyone without an appointment. Do you have an appointment?" Her accent was slightly German which struck me as somehow appropriate.

"Yes, I have an interview with Rebecca Richards at 10 AM."

Hitler's mother looked at me as though she didn't really believe me then sighed to let me know she didn't like being bothered. She picked up the phone and punched (almost literally) a number or two. "Ms Richards, there is a Mister…?" She looked at me with an order in her eye to comply.

"Lohengren"

"There is a Mr. Lohengren here to see you. He says he has an appointment at 10."

After a moment of listening, she said "Yes ma'am." And hung up. "Ms Richards will be out momentarily. Be seated."

I almost replied "ja woel" as if I was in an episode of Hogan's Heroes but thought the better of it. And as promised, within two or three minutes an electronic lock snapped open and Ms Richards, Rebecca, stepped out to greet me. Based on her voice, I had imagined her to be a California-honey blonde-big boobed-surf goddess. Actually what I had imagined was based more on wishful thinking than anything else. Instead, she was a dark haired beauty with big dark eyes, with points of her own sittin' 'way up high… way up firm and high (thank you Bob Seger). She was tall, almost 6', certainly a few inches taller than my 5'8". She wasn't exceedingly big boobed, but her tits were near perfect. They had just the right amount of sensual curve and lift. I could tell she wasn't wearing a bra, as her nipples were readily visible through her tight white turtle necked tank top. Her jeans fit her hips like a glove; a very expensive glove at that. She extended her hand.

Her voice was entrancing. "Mr. Lohengren, it is nice to meet you. Welcome to Literotica." If her voice was entrancing, her smile was mesmerizing. Her eyes sparkled. Her hand in mine was soft and warm. A voice in the back of mind said "Pray you get a job here." Another voice from the same place said, "If you work here, you will never get any work done." The voice in my throat said, "Thank you, it's nice to be here. I wasn't sure if I had the right place… I mean what with the sealed limo and there wasn't any sign other than Consulting and Universal Management On-Line."

She laughed a soft laugh that tickled my insides. "Oh yes, that. We play low profile to keep the curious, the weird, and the horny away. Consulting and Universal Management On-Line is sort of an inside joke."

I thought about it for a second. Consulting and Universal Management On-line. Then it hit me. "Okay, sure… CUM On-Line… Okay." I was able to share her little joke and laugh. My eyes watched her nipples rise and fall under the tight top and her tits had the perfect amount of jiggle. I knew I was there for business but my cock was ignoring that fact. I felt a slight rise beginning.

"Won't you come in and we can visit for a while." It was reassuring that she hadn't used the word "interview". Yes, we can "visit" I thought.

She led me into the hallway and the door with the electronic lock closed behind me. Eva Braun looked me over once more as I passed by her cubicle. Rebecca preceded me down the hallway, and I took advantage of the situation to admire her tight, well-rounded ass, with just the perfect inverted heart shape, as I followed her. The hallway had two doors, one of which was a closed door at the end. There was a side door off the hallway and it was this one that she opened and stepped into.

"We can talk in here without disturbing anyone or being distracted. The main work areas are on down the hall. If the interview goes well, I will give you a tour." She had used the "i" word, so I assumed it was time to get down to business.

She was very business like as she inquired about my professional background, my writing and editing experience. She commented that she and the management team had been impressed with the work I had submitted to Literotica and more impressed with the fact that the majority of my stories had been so well received by readers. We talked about professional goals. Salary expectations came up. Benefits were discussed. 

Then she went on, "Now you know, of course, that this site specializes in providing erotic literature and poetry for its readers. We take our work very seriously here. We know that human sexuality is very complex and varied. We do not make suppositions or judgments based solely on submissions. We know the majority of submittals are fiction or fantasy, or at least we assume they are. While not everyone that works here indorses or practices every type of experience that our membership writes about we do like to try to match up the interests of our editorial staff with a classification or classifications of writing. But normally we let new editors float from group to group for a couple of months before we permanently assign them to a department."

My voice said, "That makes perfect sense. It would be counter-productive, counter intuitive, to the creative process, critical analysis, and employee morale, to place editors in a field or subject of sexuality that they were neither suited for or interested in." The voice in my head said, "My god, I want to fuck this babe. Her tits are incredible" 

We talked for probably an hour. She smiled. "Mr. Lohengren…"

"Please call me Lo, it's what my friends call me." I hoped that somehow the implication that I wanted her to consider herself my friend would lead to employment, friendship, and unbridled sex, not necessarily in that order.

"Well, then…Lo, I am very impressed with your credentials and how seriously you would appear to take the responsibilities of an editor here at Literotica. I feel fairly certain that we will be offering you a position. I know it would be unfair of us to expect an answer before you had a chance to see the rest of the office or to meet some of your potential co-workers."

"Yes, I would like that."

Rebecca stood up from the table. Once again, I was smitten with her beauty… her grace… her poise… and her wonderful tits. "Follow me," she said. "To the ends of the earth." I thought.

We went down the short remaining distance to the closed door at the end of the hall. There was a number keypad there. She looked over her shoulder at me and smiled. Her fingers danced over the key pad and again, an electronic lock snapped open. We went into the "sanctora sanctorum". It was a large office area with a variety of cubicles and offices around the parameter. 

There were a number of people, both men and women sitting at desks working on computers. I assumed they all had something to do with maintaining the web site or editing, or … or whatever.

With a broad, graceful wave of her hand, Rebecca explained, "Most of these folks keep the site running well, post stories once they are reviewed by the editors, maintain the membership lists. Mostly administrative functions."

"And the editors?"

"Oh, they work mostly in the offices around the edge of the room. Come on, I'll show you and let you meet some of the staff."

We headed toward an office. "This first office is where the editorial staff for Lesbian stories and the Toy category of stories works out of."

"Out of which they work, you mean." She laughed at my editorial correction.

"Well, yes, if you can call it work"

She opened the door and we stepped in.

There on the desk in front of us was a gorgeous redhead. She was naked and leaning back on her elbows. Her head was thrown back and her long red hair cascaded to the desk behind her. She was slender, her tits rising firmly and her stomach concaving firmly. Her muscular thighs were wide open and her heels were on the edge of the desk. Between her thighs a pile of blonde hair was visible along with a set of eyebrows and very blue eyes. The nose of this blonde was buried in the red bush. The red head opened her eyes momentarily.

Her breathing was shallow as she looked toward us. "oh god… oh god… Hi, Rebecca, oh baby… don't stop… please don't stop (the blonde looked up for a brief second, her face shiny from pussy juices)… how's things with you?"

I don't think my jaw literally dropped at what was going on in front of me but I know I hadn't been prepared for what I was seeing. If my eyes grew like my cock did, I was very wide-eyed.

Rebecca on the other hand, did not seem to be the least bit surprised. "Good morning, Lorraine. Hard at it already huh? Good submissions over night?" Lorraine gave some moaned reply. Rebecca went over and gave Lorraine, the red head, a deep kiss while reaching up to pinch her fully erect nipples. I could see their cheeks swell as their tongues danced. She broke the kiss with Lorraine and looked down toward her crotch. "Good morning, Sandy."

Sandy stood up. Her lipstick was smeared on her mouth. Her face glistened with Lorraine's secretions. Her tits were large and her nipples erect. Without skipping a beat, she slipped two fingers into Lorraine's obviously well lubricated pussy. She leaned forward as she finger fucked her co-worker. "Morning, darling" she said as she too kissed Rebecca. "Gonna join us this morning? Lorraine is particularly tasty this morning."

Rebecca fondled Lorraine's tits as she thought for a second. "No. Better not. Lo here may be coming on board and I'm showing him around the shop"

The mention of my name brought me back to earth. Here I was, standing in a business office watching three women, two of them naked and engaged in passionate sex, discussing with the third whether she would join them as if it was asking her to have coffee with them. My cock had instantly inflated on entering the room and seeing what was happening there. 

"Oh cool" She walked over to me and extended her hand to shake mine. She realized that her fingers were coated with Lorraine's juices, licked her fingers clean, and shook my hand. She was beautiful, her tits looked extremely suckable, and I could smell Lorraine's pussy juices on her face. She went back over and got between Lorraine's thighs.

At about this same time, a third woman, also naked stepped into the room. She was petite, only 5'2 maybe, with tiny tits with huge areola and nipples. She had her hair in a short shag. She wore nothing but a smile and a strap on dildo. "Hey, Rebecca, how are you this morning? Doin' great, I hope." 

She stepped up to Rebecca and hugged her tightly. "Good Morning, Didi" As they kissed, the strap on slipped between Rebecca's thighs. Didi's small, but well-muscled ass thrust the strap on cock forward and Rebecca moaned around Didi's tongue in her mouth. Rebecca broke the kiss. "Come on, girls, I've got work to do and so do you."

"Back to the grind." Sandy said, and she lowered her face back to Lorraine's pussy. Lorraine's legs came up and she draped them over Sandy's shoulders. Didi stepped behind Sandy, took the strap on dildo in her hand and ran the head of the fake cock up and down her dripping slit a time or two. "Ready, honey?" She asked. Sandy mumbled something of ascent into Lorraine's cunt and Didi slowly pushed the strap on into her friend's pussy. Sandy raised her head and shook her hair in pleasure as her body welcomed the fake cock. She then went back to eating Lorraine. 

I was looking at all this in complete astonishment and in total excitement. I had only seen things like this in porn movies and now, at a job interview, I was watching it live.

I looked at Rebecca who had stepped away from the lesbian threesome and was standing next to me. She was licking her lips and had one hand on one of her tits, absentmindedly caressing her nipple. Her nipples were hard and erect as she watched her friends engaging in a threesome on a desk.

I swallowed hard. I didn't know the professional courtesies for this situation. I felt I had to say something, but had no idea what to say. "Uhmmm… is it always like this around here?"

Rebecca shook the glazed look out of her eyes and looked at me. "Not always. But, we spend all day reading erotic stories and looking at erotic pictures that get emailed in and things get interesting sometimes. Sometimes a story presents a good scenario that we try to act out. Sometimes, the editors just get so turned on reading submissions that they have to do something about it. So, yes, I suppose it is pretty common here in the fiction section." She paused and thought for a moment. "It almost never happens over in the poetry department."

I nodded in understanding at that.

Suddenly, Lorraine began to moan loudly. She was pulling at her tits and nipples, leaving deep red marks. Her eyes were wide open in wild passion. Her hips were rocking hard against Sandy's mouth. I guessed that she was cumming hard.

Didi smacked Sandy on the ass with her hand as she fucked her with the strap on. "Take it, bitch, take it… fuck my cock… fuck it…" Sandy was somehow screaming, muffled as it was by Lorraine's muff. Didi was thrusting the dildo hard into Sandy's cunt and apparently it was having the desired effect. Her hand was leaving red marks on Sandy's ass.

Rebecca leaned toward me and whispered, "She likes it rough" in the same manner she might tell me "she likes chocolate cake". 

The three women were deep in their fucking. Rebecca whispered, "Come on, they have work to do." Personally, I have never minded watching other people work so I could have stood and watched this for a long time, but I turned and followed her out of the room.

The scene in the large outer office had changed. Significantly. One of the young women was leaning over her desk without a stitch of clothing on. Her large tits were flattened on the desktop. Behind her, a young guy, sort of geeky looking (a computer tech I assumed) was fucking her with great enthusiasm. Another guy had his cock out and was approaching them. He was looking at her mouth and I assumed he was about to get a blow job. She smiled up at the approaching guy, held up a computer print out and said "I just love Tawny T's stories, don't you?"

Rebecca paid no attention to this diversion. I was gaped mouth this time I know. I watched as the young lady opened her mouth and easily took in the cock of her co-worker. She was now being filled at both ends with cock. No one seemed to be in any hurry. It was a nice slow leisurely fuck.

Rebecca had taken several steps toward the next office when she noticed I was watching the others fuck. "Coming?" She asked.

"No, but it wouldn't take much." Then I realized she was expecting me to follow her.

She reached out and put her hand on a doorknob. "This is the Group Sex office." We stepped into the room. There were three women and two men in the office. They were seated around a break table. I noticed two things almost immediately. One of the guys was dealing cards. The other thing that was impossible not to notice was that all five were in various states of undress.

One of the women was naked except for her panties (a very nice white lace pair, for what it is worth) jumped up and ran over to Rebecca, her tits delightfully jiggling with every step. She threw her arms around Rebecca's neck and planted a big kiss on her mouth. 
