 Author's note: This story is a continuation of my earlier story, "New Year's Eve Bash". Please read that story first for background. The is the first part of this story with much more to come. This story is more of a set-up, with much, much more action to come. Enjoy!

Following the rousing success of the New Year's Eve party that Laura and I had thrown, many of the participants have continued our swinging ways. In the weeks following our party, my wife and I were shocked to learn that swinging was nothing new for her sister Serena. She admitted to us that she was a frequent visitor of a local swing club. Laura and I had no clue, but I must admit that I was excited to realize that our exciting evening was beginning to appear like an introduction to even wilder things.

Somewhere around the beginning of February, Brett and Ali approached us about swapping partners. Laura and I were both excited by the idea, and have now swapped with them roughly a handful of times. In the meantime, we also have accompanied Serena to the club she had told us about. We met quite a few interesting people, but much to my surprise, we were both nervous about doing anything there, so we had exchanged contact info with a few people, but nothing more. We also have invited Melissa into our bedroom a couple of times, which has been great as well.

It was after our most recent encounter with Brett and Ali that they made us a proposition. They told us that they would like to rent a house on the coast and invite some of their closest friends for a weekend of "inhibition and debauchery", as Brett put it. Laura and I were both intrigued, and agreed to help them set it up. We wasted no time before calling everyone we could think of. 

My first call was to my pal John, who agreed immediately. Laura talked to Melissa who also agreed, and asked if she could bring her new boyfriend. Laura also called her friend Gina, whom she'd spoken to only sporadically since our party. Gina politely declined, saying she wasn't interested in "that type of thing." That evening we went to Serena's to gauge her interest. She was just as ecstatic as we were.

We let Brett and Ali know who we had invited and set about finding a house. Since it was the beginning of summer, we had great difficulty locating one. At this point, we knew we would have at least eight people, maybe more so we decided to splurge and go for something fancy. Just when we were beginning to wonder if we'd be able to pull this all off, fate stepped in. My boss, who I'm fairly friendly with, told me that he'd been ordered to go to another branch of the company for two weeks, and wondered if I'd be interested in staying at his place while he was gone. My heart nearly jumped out of my throat! He had an amazing, multi-million dollar mansion on a secluded stretch of beach in Santa Barbara. Laura and I had been invited over for dinner once and were in awe. I was somewhat hesitant to accept, considering what I'd want to use it for, but what the hell, he wouldn't be around, and we'd just make sure to take care of the place, so I accepted.

I hurried back to my office to tell Laura. She shared my elation, and hurried off the phone with me to call Ali. The two wives then made all the necessary calls to set everything up. It was now Tuesday, and we agreed to go on Friday night. The rest of the week dragged on like you wouldn't imagine. My mind was racing with fantasies of what was to come. That week, Laura and I abstained from sex; instead resting our bodies for the weekend. I left work early on Friday, and Laura and I were the first to arrive. We packed light, knowing we wouldn't need much in the way of clothing. We toured the house and the grounds. We counted seven bedrooms and five full baths! The back yard was huge, a couple of acres I guessed, leading right to a sprawling beach which was completely empty. At the far ends of the beach on the property was overgrown grass and shrubs, which it appeared kept others from this stretch. Also, there was a large, winding swimming pool, with a waterfall at one end! It was an amazing property, and perfect for our needs.

We were joined shortly by Brett and Ali. They too were overwhelmed with the place. They were disappointed to tell us that they had only been able to find one person to come, a friend of Brett's named Brian. Ali looked at Laura and smiled, then said, "He's really hot, I'm sure you'll want to get to know him."

"I sure hope so." Laura replied enthusiastically.

Over the next hour or so, everyone began arriving. First my buddy John, then Melissa and her boyfriend, Henry, who was average height and build with a dark complexion, and dark wavy hair. When Brett's buddy Brian arrived, I could see right away that Ali was right, I knew he was definitely Laura's type. He was on the short side, maybe 5'8", but had a muscular build, with a chiseled face and had dark black hair and a matching dark complexion. As we waited for Serena to arrive, everyone began mingling, and sure enough Laura headed right for Brian. Finally, the last of our group, Serena, arrived. She had brought with her an unexpected friend. I recognized her immediately as a woman we'd met at the swing club with Serena. She was a knockout. She's about the same height as every other woman at the house, about 5'7" at the most, with a thin, yet soft figure. She has a nice chest, probably a C-cup, I guess, and a beautiful smile and face. 

As I looked around, I was pleased to see that we had an equal amount of men and women, five of each. I was also struck by the fact that all of the women were very attractive. I know it's a silly guy thing, but as we all made small talk and whatnot, I began ranking the women in my mind. Obviously, Laura was the most attractive, in my opinion. I decided that she was followed, in order, by her sister Serena, Serena's friend Lucy was a very close third, then Ali, and finally Melissa who was still quite attractive in her own way. It was definitely a great mix of people, I thought. There was something for everyone, fair and dark, busty and petite, a redhead, a blonde, a dirty blonde, and two brunettes, among the women. Among the men, you had fair and dark as well, short and tall, muscular and thin, three with dark hair, one with brown, and one with blonde. Everyone was mingling with each other and seemed to be getting along well. I had figured that tonight would be rather tame since everyone was just getting acquainted and most of had worked today. We had three days together, and I knew that tonight would be the quietest. It was getting rather late, and it wasn't long before we started pairing off. 

The couple that got it all started was no surprise. Brett and Melissa had been with each other before and had been talking with each other since Melissa had arrived. The two of them stood up and disappeared without saying a word. Much to my surprise, Laura was all over Henry, Melissa's boyfriend. Eventually we made eye contact and she flashed me a smile before leading Henry upstairs. Ali and Brian were the next to leave, followed soon after by myself and Serena, who I'd been dying to be with ever since our first time together. That left Lucy and John, probably the two most attractive people of all. 

Most of the bedrooms were lined up along the main hallway. Since no one had bothered to close the doors, as Serena and I walked towards the master bedroom, we were able to look in on everybody else. In one bedroom, Melissa and Brett were fucking like animals. Melissa was on her hands and knees in the center of the bed as Brett fucked her from behind. In the next bedroom, Ali and Brian were still clothed and kissing, their bodies entangled. As we entered the master bedroom, we found Laura and Henry sprawled across the bed. Laura was lying on her back, spread eagle, with Henry's head buried between her legs. 

Serena and I stood in the doorway for a few moments watching them. The excitement was getting to me though, and I needed to fuck! I turned to Serena and kissed her gently, only to find her much more aggressively shoving her tongue in my mouth. I was more than happy to speed things up. As we stood there kissing, she removed my shirt and pushed my pants down before I knew it. When she placed her hand on my crotch, I stepped back. I grabbed hold of the bottom of her tank top and peeled it over her head. She wore no bra and her huge tits sprang free. I buried my head between them, and then shifted my attention to her right nipple. She started walking backwards as I teased it, and then lay back on the bed. I pulled my head away from her chest to see what Laura and Henry were up to. They were still on the bed next to us, but now Laura was laying facing towards us, with Henry behind her. Henry was fucking her from behind as Laura rubbed her clit furiously while watching me and her sister.

While I had been looking towards my wife, Serena had removed her own shorts leaving her in only a pair of cotton panties. I turned my attention to those panties, and peeled them off her pussy and down her legs. Now the last time I'd seen her pussy, she was completely shaved, but this time, I found a full light-brown bush. I looked towards her and smiled. "Laura told me you'd like it!" she said seductively. She was right; I did, and leaned my head down and lapped at her pussy. She tasted much sweeter than Laura, in fact, I rather enjoyed the taste. I went to town eating her pussy, and she loved it. She was crying out and grinding her hips up into my face. I spread her lips apart with my thumbs and buried my tongue deep inside her, exploring her depths. "Oh God Mike! Oh God!" she cried out. As I nibbled at her clit, she began pinching her nipples. It would be an understatement to say she cried out when she climaxed. She let out a blood-curdling scream as she grabbed the back of my head and shoved my face flush against her pussy, my teeth still nibbling her clit.

When she finally released her grip and I pulled my head out, I found her chest was beet read, and her face completely flush. "Just give me a second." She sighed. Henry was now lying motionless next to my wife who was still pleasuring herself as she watched me and her sister. I scooted up to her face and kissed her. As we kissed I could feel Serena moving on the bed next to us. She placed her hand on my shoulder and said, "That's enough of that," and pushed me onto my back. She knelt between my legs and placed one hand on my scrotum and the other on my shaft. She began squeezing my balls as she stroked my cock. In a few brief moments, I was right back at full attention. She knelt up on the bed and squatted over my cock. She kept her hand on my shaft pointing me straight up at her.

I braced myself as she sank down on top of me. I slipped right inside her. She was incredibly wet and warm. Hers was unlike any pussy I'd ever felt before. I didn't remember it being this incredible from the last time we'd fucked. She was very tight, but I met no resistance. She was so soft, but still I could feel her vaginal muscles clenching around me. As we fucked I enjoyed the view of watching her bounce up and down on me, my length disappearing inside her, her tits bouncing wildly, slapping against her chest. As I neared climax, I noticed a look of pain come across her face. She began to moan each time I filled her. Her breathing became heavier and heavier and I knew she was about to come. As soon as I felt her muscles begin to tighten their grip over me even stBrianger, she cried out again. That was it for me. Her pussy clenched and succeeded in its mission. We climaxed simultaneously as waves of pleasure overcome me and I ejaculated what felt like a gallon of come. Serena collapsed on top of me, our sweaty bodies making for a sticky mess. 

By the time Serena and I were done, Laura must have been as well, because she was just lying there watching us. I'm not sure what had happened to Henry, but he was nowhere to be seen. I guessed we had outlasted everyone else, because the house was silent as the three of us fell asleep with me in the middle sandwiched between these two beautiful sisters! 

I had no trouble sleeping that night, knowing that even more excitement awaited me the next morning. The weekend had just begun as we still had all day Saturday and Sunday to do anything and everything we could imagine.