 Note: Please read part one first, as that this picks up right at the end of it.

We just lay there for a while smiling at each other, when one of the crowd watchers hops up over the deck and says, 

“That was incredible! My name is Scott, perhaps if the two of you aren’t completely satisfied; I could help.” 

What nerve! Who was this prick to come up here and invade the private moment Lisa and I were having? I started to tell him to fuck off, but Lisa rolled over and looked at him and said, 

“That all depends on how big your cock is.” 

Scott immediately dropped his shorts and showed us just how big he was. Lisa looked at him and said, 

“Oh you’ve got to be kidding, what can you possibly do with that little thing?” 

I laughed and she looked back at me smiling. Scott replied, 

“Why don’t you make a wish and blow on it?” 

“Well the only thing I would be wishing for is that itsy bitsy thing was a lot bigger!” She responded. 

I had had enough of this joker, so I nudged Lisa to move off my legs and stood up to leave. 

“What’s the matter honey, is it too much for you?” 

Scott said in response to my standing up. 

“Your such an ass, how can you possibly think a girl would like you; let alone fuck you?” I said and started off for the house. 

I picked up my bikini on my way inside, and that’s when I heard Lisa say 

“Bring that poor little thing over this way, and lets see if we can make a man out of him!” 

I turned almost instantly. Lisa was actually going to get this guy off! Was she insane? After this guy was such an ass, she is going to blow him like it was nothing! She didn’t even know him! 

I started to feel a little insecure, was I not enough to satisfy her? Or was she just that slutty and I just never noticed? Scott had already moved into position on the edge of the Jacuzzi, and she started licking the head of his cock. 

I couldn’t take any more; I walked into the house and made myself another margarita. As I stood there making my drink, I was pist! How could she do this to me? Wasn’t I special? The more I stood there, the more I wanted to hurt her like she had just hurt me. That was it, I was going to do it; I was going to hurt her as much as she had me. 

Still naked, I gulped my drink down and walked back out to the patio. That’s when I about died, another guy from the crowd had come up to the patio as well; and Lisa was sucking both of them off! I stormed outside, and the three of them looked at me as though I had just caught them all cheating on me. Lisa paused for a moment and then said, 

“There’s plenty more where this came from, why don’t you have yourself a little snack.” 

That’s just what I had planned. I walked over to the ledge of the patio and shouted for the men to show me their cocks. There were a few that just stood there looking like men do, all dumb and waiting for someone else to go first. It was an older man (about 35) that was the first to take me up on the offer; he dropped his drawers and said, 

“Like whatcha see?” 

I said, “Bring that bad boy up here, I need some dick!” 

To my surprise, about 4 guys hoped over the balcony and smiled. I started to laugh, but decided that it would break the mood. I told them 

“Lets see those cocks gentlemen.” 

They promptly dropped their shorts and stood there with their dick just as hard as can be. I looked at each of them and said, 

“Gimme some names, I at least want to know who I’m fucking!” 

The older man was the first to say his name, Michael; the next was a 4’11” younger looking man, Jeff; the next was Gordon, he was about 5’6” and definitely more pudgy (about 205, which on a short man makes them look pudgy) than the kind of man I like; and finally there was Max, he was about 21 and looked like he worked out a lot (I was looking forward to him).

I looked back at Lisa and she was in awe, she had this look on her face like; “what the hell are you doing, you can’t fuck four guys!” I just smiled and got on my knees and took the first one in my mouth and grabbed one in each hand. I didn’t even look to see who it was, I was sucking and stroking like was an everyday thing. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw the fourth one walk behind me. 

This made me a little nervous at first, but he started pulling my hair back out of my face so it didn’t go in my mouth. After a few minutes, I stopped sucking the one and moved to the guy on the right. As it turned out, Gordon was in front of me, Michael was on my right, Jeff was on my left, and Max was holding my hair back. I grabbed Gordon’s cock with my empty hand and started pumping him while I sucked Michael. 

I could see Lisa behind him, she had gone back to sucking Scott, but the other guy had gotten behind her and was licking her pussy. There were also four more guys over by her watching as she engulfed Scott’s member. I knew then what was about to happen, I had heard about these things from girls at school; we were about to host a gangbang on the patio. This made me so wet, I almost came just from thinking about it. 

My arms were starting to get tired from pumping, so I stopped sucking Michael, and switched over to Jeff’s prick. Max had stopped holding my hair and had taken a seat behind me and started rubbing my tits. I stopped sucking Jeff long enough to tell Max to slide underneath me so I could fuck him while I kept blowing Jeff. I lifted up and spread my legs and he wriggled his way under me and positioned his cock. I had no trouble sliding right down on him.

I was relaxing my left arm when I felt someone grab it and put a dick in my hand, I didn’t even think about it; I just started jacking it off. Lisa was still sucking Scott’s dick, but the other guy had started fucking her pussy. She looked like she was in heaven; two more cocks had filled her hands as well. I felt someone playing with my ass, but I didn’t look back; I thought it was Max rubbing my ass and enjoying the view. I let Jeff’s cock slide out of my mouth and looked back to see another three guys had joined the party, and one of them was caressing my ass. 

Just then, someone put a dick in my face and I immediately opened my mouth and swallowed it. I could feel the hand rubbing my ass work it’s way down to my asshole, and before I could turn and say anything; there was a finger in my ass! I was shocked! It hurt a little, but as it worked in and out it started feeling good. I had a dick in my pussy, in my mouth, and a finger in my ass. 

I had never felt this full in my life! I looked back over to Lisa and she had gotten out of the Jacuzzi and was now on top of a guy in the reclining deck chairs. She was still sucking someone off, and it looked like Scott had finally gotten to her cunt. Two other men were still getting jacked off, but I couldn’t tell if they were the same from before. 

I could tell that that was the position to be in, so I stopped sucking the stranger’s cock and said,

“Lets move this to a more comfortable location.” 

The men in front of me backed away enough for me to stand up, but my pussy felt so alone without Max’s prick in it. I walked over to a reclining chair and Max got on it first, then I straddled him and lowered onto his prick. It felt so good to have it back in my wet cunt. I started moving up and down on him faster; I wanted him to cum inside me; I wanted to feel his jizz in my juicy pussy. 

I was now facing Lisa, or at least facing the ass of the man she was blowing. I could see that she now had someone under her, behind her, and in front of her; she was actually filled with dick! Just then someone put a cock in my face and blocked my view. 

I put it all in my mouth and shoved my face as close until my nose was pinned against him. I started working my head back and forth as Max fucked my hot little pussy. I felt someone behind me, and again a finger was in my ass. I was starting to really like how that felt, but then someone poured something cold on my ass and I could feel it run down between my legs. It made Max’s cock slide easier, and all I could think was someone had found some lube in the house and was getting me ready to fuck my ass. 

The finger in my ass was now able to slide in and out without any problems, and suddenly it pulled out. I knew that it was going to be a matter of seconds before someone put a hard cock in my ass, and I loved the idea of it. I wanted to be full of cock. Just then I felt the head of the cock that was going to fuck my tight virgin ass. 

I felt it rub up and down my well lubed ass crack trying to get it as slick as possible, then I felt the head pressing against my asshole. I stopped blowing the guy in front of me and relaxed my ass as much as I could, then suddenly the whole cock just slid into my asshole. I started to scream, but as soon as I opened my mouth again it was filled with a rock hard prick. I couldn’t focus, I lost my mind from all the pleasure I was getting; but still tried to suck the cock in my mouth. 

The guy in my pussy started to slow down his pumping, while the guy in my ass started pounding my hole. Soon enough they found a rhythm and I was in heaven. I must tell you girls, two dicks at once is by far the best orgasm you will ever have! I had my first orgasm just before the guy in my pussy blew his load in me, and a second one when he shoved his cock in me as far as it would go when he was filling my cunt with jizz. Someone yelled “my turn”, but I couldn’t see who it was. 

Mark slid out from under me and another man who I hadn’t seen took his place. I took a break from blowing the guy in front of me to slide down on the freshly positioned cock. It went in easy since my pussy was soaked with cum and lube. The man in my ass and the one in my pussy found a good rhythm together and again I was on the verge of cumming. The guy I was sucking finally shoved his cock in my mouth as far as he could and emptied what seemed like a gallon of cum in my mouth. There was so much of it I had to swallow it all just to keep from drowning. I started to cum again, and the guy in my ass slammed his cock in me as hard as he could. I felt his hot cum flooding my ass. 

When the guy in my ass pulled his cock out, my asshole felt like it was burning; but then I felt his freshly deposited cum start dripping out and cooling my rectum. It didn’t take long before there was another cock knocking at my backdoor. This one was much larger than the first. I felt the head starting into my burning asshole and once again relaxed so it would slide in easier. The two men were stretching my pussy and ass as far as they had ever been, and I loved it. 

Another man stepped in front of me, grabbed my head and slammed it onto his rock hard member. It wasn’t that big though, about 6 inches; but I still tried to get it as far into my throat as possible. I kept hearing Lisa screaming “FUCK ME!!! Give me ALL that COCK BABY!!!” I peered over and she had a line of 7 guys waiting to fuck her, and I had no idea how many where in line for me. From what I could see she now had cum all over her face and chin, but then another guy stepped in and she started sucking him off. 

The guys kept saying what hot fucks we were and making the usual sex talk. The guys in my pussy and ass both shot their cum in me at the same time and I felt like I was going to explode from all the orgasms I was having. So far I had counted 5, and had at least 5 loads of cum in my ass, pussy, and mouth. The guy in my mouth started to spurt his cum and I figured “I might as well swallow his too.” It wasn’t as salty as the first one, it was more sweet than anything, and there was definitely not as much of it. When he was done I got a look at him and I swear he couldn’t have been more than 18. That was ok though, at least I knew I was going to be his best sex story ever. Now that I had a minute without someone fucking me, I was able to stand up and take a look at the crowd that had gathered. There was now 30 – 40 guys here and they all knew they were going to get some good fucking in today. I even saw one guy on a cell phone telling someone 

“Yea, you have to get over here! These bitches are hot and they’re fucking anything that gets near them!”

Lisa had now changed positions. She had her pussy facing me, with one guy under her pounding her ass and another guy abusing her pussy. That looked good to me. So when the next guy got under me I rolled over and slide down his pole with my now very stretched asshole. Another guy stepped up and slide his cock into my cum dripping pussy. They both fucked me harder than the other men had, but that was ok; I had come 4 more time with these two. After the man in my pussy shot his cum in me, another man stepped up. He looked like he was around 30 and had a great body. 

He was the kind of man I would have actually dated. He took one look at my pussy and said, “DAMN Girl that box is filled with jizz!!” Like I didn’t already know that. I said, “Shut up and put than cock in there!!! Fuck me!!!” He started moving his cock toward me and I needed to have more hot dick in my pussy. He surprised me and instead of going for my pussy, he put it on my asshole and pushed in slowly. I was screaming, “I can’t take that!!! Two cock in my ass are you fucking nuts???” But, all the cum, lube and cocks must have stretched it more than I knew. I felt a little pain as he continued to stuff my ass with his cock, and I could feel my ass getting wider. It only took a couple seconds and he was pumping right along with the other guy. It felt sooooooooo good!!! 

Until this party, I had never had anal sex. Now I was not only getting double penetrated in the ass and pussy, I was getting DP’ed in my ass and loving every thrust of cock. I must have cum at least 6 times while the two of them where plowing my now gapping asshole. When they men in my ass came, they came at the same time and flooded my ass with more cum than it could handle. I felt it dripping out while they where cumming in my ass. When they where done, I could see that the line had gotten longer. 

Look For Part 3 Soon.