 "...........now, when are you and Jane going to come over for a BBQ?" Bill asked.

I leaned back on my towel. I was breathless. Bill's hand fell idly to his side. Nicky leaned closer to me. Images of her and Bill screwing their brains out filled my head. I wanted to be part of that. My erection receded, cum dripping onto my towel. Nicky was talking but it took me a while to get the gist of it. I was deciding which tender orifice I would fuck first, if Jane was agreeable.

"We'll give you lift a home. You 'accidentally' take my phone home and leave it lying around. I will ring it, you let Jane answer it. She will see the screensaver and will mention it to me, if it interests her......"

I nodded, trying to think it through. Things were so good that I didn't want to risk ruining it. Better to let someone else broach the subject of group sex. I remembered the first time I had been part of a gangbang.......It had been on a beach like this, twenty years before.

I was sun baking on a legal nude beach in Sydney. After a few hours of looking at naked bodies I needed to urinate. Rather than dress and walk to the amenities block I decided to climb around the rocks at the end of the sand and relieve my bladder into the Harbor.

After doing so, I slowly made my way back via a different path. There was a large flat spot near the water's edge and I noticed a couple. She was thinnish with large breasts, short curly hair and a flat stomach. At the edge of her stomach there was some neatly trimmed dark hair. And a man's tongue. He was kneeling. Her legs were spread, her knees bent. He was lightly licking her mound, her pubes and her slit. He was slightly overweight but he had a fair sized cock hanging between his legs. He grabbed her hips and smashed his face into her pink bits. His tongue must have been deep into her cunt, her eyes were closed and she was moaning. He pushed his face further into her, lifting her legs by her thighs. I could see his tongue fucking her.

His cock was hard now. He lifted his head and spotted me. He moved forward and pushed his cock into her glistening opening. He moved until his stomach was against hers. He said something to her then began slowly fucking her. I was hard, but I was nervous. Did they want company?

He fucked her long and hard, then eased the tempo. She was on the verge. He gestured toward me.

"Come here, she needs more cock." 

Stunned, I paused for a moment before walking the few steps down to their spot. He stood up, his cock shining with her juices. I was still getting hard when, seemingly, out of nowhere, another guy brushed past me. Before I knew it he had his cock deep inside her cunt. He fucked her hard, really hard, holding her legs over his shoulders. He ploughed into her and then came in rush of obscenities. He pulled back and I took his place.

Her tunnel was wet and warm. She wrapped her legs and arms around me. I started to hump, the wetness and the heat was incredible. She squeezed my cock with her love muscles and whispered into my ear.

"Fuck me".

I went crazy, fucking her with every ounce of strength and every inch of my cock. I came deep in her. I got off and her partner fell on top of her. He pumped her steadily for another 5 minutes then she came, clawing his back, screaming for his seed to fill her.

He slammed into her and added another load of cum. He stood up, standing back to watch the semen leak from her vagina. He looked at me as the other guy wandered away.

"Sorry about that. He was behind you, on another rock so you couldn't see him. He's fucked her before."

"You do this often?" I nearly laughed at my own corny line.

"Every Saturday, unless it's raining."

We chatted. Another guy, taller and heavy set came over and started talking to us. She was still lying there, panting, lightly rubbing her breasts. She opened her eyes and squinted up at us.

"Oh, hi Jim. It's your turn, if you're ready...."

He was. He shrugged his shoulders and got on his knees beside her. She fondled his balls till he was fully erect and then he was on top and inside. She wrapped around him and he started thrusting. She was milking him with cunt.

Her partner was getting hard, as was I. This was some show they were putting on. I was focusing on the hard cock disappearing into her folds.

"Do you want a blowjob, or do you want to fuck her again?"

I was instantly erect.

"BJ." I put my hand on my cock in anticipation.

"Take your time Jim, this one's mine."

Before I could say "Stop" he was in front of me, on his knees. My cock was in his mouth and his hands were pushing my arse cheeks toward him. His tongue was curled around the soft underside of my meat, he was sucking hard. My knob was down the back of his throat and he was gobbling for all he was worth. I lasted a minute before I shot wad after wad straight into the back of his mouth.

My first male blow job. As I recovered my senses I realized there was another man standing beside me, his erection pointing toward the mouth I was pulling my cock out of. I stepped away and headed back to my towel and the sand. I mumbled goodbye but my new found friend had his mouth full.

Needless to say I was back there every sunny Saturday for many months. Then one day they stopped coming. I don't know why, a few of us kept turning up at the same spot but eventually it became a gay only area. I went there every now and again, to get the odd blowjob, but with no women there to screw, I lost interest.

And this was my chance to get back into group action. All I had to do was convince Jane. We had discussed "swapping" many times, we had some fantasies. Would they become reality? 

Nicky was talking.

"Or just come over for a BBQ next week. Pick a day. Leave it to us, we'll be subtle and if she isn't interested that's fine. But I do want to go down on her." Nicky smiled, rubbing the inside of her thigh.

They gave me a lift home. Jane was already there, watering the front lawn. She walked over as I got out of the car. Nicky asked if we would come over for dinner the following Wednesday. It sounded so innocent. We agreed.

That night I couldn't forget the image of Nicky fucking Bill's brains out. Jane and I went to bed early, we both had to work the next day so we were planning to get some sleep. 

I was super horny, though. Every time I moved my erection brushed Jane. After trying to ignore it for thirty minutes, she threw the sheets aside and put her lips around my purple knob. She took her head away. Jane told me to sit on the edge of the bed, in front of the window so that the light was "right."

I did so. As she got on the floor in front of me I noticed that Jim, the neighbor, was watching through their garage window. I could see no shirt on him so I assumed that he was naked. Jane was in position and started to deep throat me. She looked up as my penis disappeared and re-appeared. I knew Jim could see her bare butt. I held the back of her head and face fucked her. He jaw was locked around the base of my prick. I held out as long as possible but when she started swirling saliva around my cock I blew. 

She waited till my cock deflated then she swallowed every drop and returned to the bed. Jim was no longer visible but I noticed their bedroom light was now on. I knew he was alone. I fell asleep thinking about him masturbating.

That weekend flew past. The strippers on Saturday were particularly raunchy. I told one of them, Alexis, how hot they had been tonight as she went out to her car. She paused and walked over to me. Her left nipple rubbed my chest. She was much shorter than Jane, she had to bend her neck to look up at me.

"What were the best bits?" Her tongue ran around her lips as she waited for an answer. I felt my cock hardening as I struggled to reply.

"Yours."

She squeezed my groin and kissed my mouth. 

"You should take a closer look." She smiled and walked toward her car.

"I do private shows."

I thrashed Jane's pussy that night. She was as horny as me when I arrived. We fucked three times, a wild anal fuck was the finale. We rarely did anal, but every so often Jane liked to walk on the wild side. After I came I stayed inside her for a while, feeling her sphincter retract. I kissed the back of her neck. And rolled away.

She was tired but not ready for sleep.

"I saw Becky today."

"Oh, the neighbor, Jim's wife?" 

"Yeah."

"Did she say much?"

"No. She was busy sucking his cock, but he said Hello."

I didn't know what to say. I just wanted more detail.

" I was hanging washing when I heard some grunting. Thinking that they were being burgled I looked over the fence."

"And there was Jim. And two other guys. I was so shocked to see anyone, that I just stared for a minute. Then I realized that they were naked. Jim was standing there, at the back of the garage and Becky was blowing him. The other two guys were watching, pulling themselves. He must have cum, because he moved and one of the guys took his place in her mouth. I must have moved 'cause they all looked over toward me."

"Becky turned away as she took his meat between her lips and kissed the tip to make it hard. The other guy rubbed her back. Embarrassed, Jim walked to the fence and asked if I was OK."

"I was. I said that I was more than Ok. He asked me if I would like to join in, but I said no, I'll just watch this time. Hank must have unloaded by then because the third guy started face fucking Becky. After a while I came inside and grabbed my dildo. Then I heard you come home, lover."

"How do you know his name was 'Hank?"

"From the medical centre. He and his wife get checkups regularly."

I was excited but my cock was worn out. Jane and I locked in a hungry embrace, our tongues searching inside each other's mouths.

We fell asleep that way, a ball of lust and drying fluids.