 I eased the car out of the slip road into the freeway, lowered my window fully down and I was away! Finally, a day at the beach! Byron Bay is a magical place and even though it was only two hours away, I hadn't been there for years. 

I was so looking forward to this adventure. I hadn't been to a nudist beach before and couldn't wait to try it. I had been a home nudist for many years and wanted to enjoy the same freedom outside, at the beach. I might even meet some new friends!

The day was a perfect summer day: sunny, warm, light breezes and according to weather bureau, there was just a light swell. The traffic flowed surprising smoothly for the morning peak hour. That was a great relief. The radio was blaring out some great tunes and banter, making it altogether a perfect situation.

To fit the theme of this adventure and to help pass the time, I had planned a special treat for myself on the way down. Before departing I had carefully laid a beach towel on the driver seat so that the seat was covered by one half of the towel while the rest of towel draped down between the seat and the door and collected on the floor. I needed to wait a little while for the treat, yet the anticipation of it was making a most pleasant feeling inside my pants.

I knew that at about an hour into the trip I would reach the border with New South Wales. I also knew that, around that point, finally past the sprawl of the Gold Coast, the traffic would thin out and I could relax driving just a bit, giving me the opportunity to focus on other things as well.

And so it was that while passing the turn-off to "Tropical Fruit World" and Murwillumbah, I pulled my shirt out of my jeans amd using one hand, undid all of the buttons and let it open up exposing my chest, both nipples and my abdomen. It felt great to be exposed like this and a little exciting. Driving along, I playfully rubbed and tweaked my nipples as I find this very pleasurable.

After a short period of nipple play other parts of me were stirring in harmony. My cock seems to have a direct line to my nipples! It was then that I undid the belt of my jeans with one hand, still steering with the other. Next I slid down the zipper and undid the button of my jeans. This allowed me reach my hand inside my underpants and feel my still flaccid cock. Even soft it felt nice to touch. I had shaved my balls in the shower before leaving and they felt great. My cock is cut and the head of my cock is very sensitive. The gentle strokes were enough to initiate the familiar chain reaction as my cock began to stiffen.

The access to my cock was quite constrained as I was still in my pants and my cock was growing. The traffic was now quite light and the road straight so I removed my hand from my cock and taking my other hand from the steering wheel quickly slipped my pants and underpants from my hips down to my knees! My cock, sensing its new freedom, now responded more fully and grew to an upright erection. I spread my thighs and returned one hand to feeling my cock's shaft, head and balls. I imagined how good it would be to have a nude co-pilot travelling with me.

It was a long time fantasy of mine to drive naked! I did not stop playing with myself even when other vehicles passed, this being part of the thrill, hoping some fellow traveller might look in and be pleasantly surprised by the sight of a nice hard cock on display. However, if I were to be slowed by roadworks, for example, I could simply pull the draped towel over my bulging manhood to conceal it.

It was very enjoyable alternating between stroking my exposed cock and tweaking my nipples. I felt my balls and occasionally touched behind my balls towards my crinkly arsehole. One time I pretended that my cock was a gear stick and moved smoothly through the gears making several gear changes up and down. 

At one point a truck driver in a higher driving cabin passed and sounded his horn, giving me the thumbs up. I think he would have been pleased if I had followed him into the next rest stop, but I had other plans today! I felt a tingling in my balls, signalling that I needed to ease off a bit, edging it, keeping that pleasure for later for later, maybe when I was home. In fact, I was relieved to be soon leaving the freeway and heading east towards Broken Head and my destination of Kings Beach. 

Finally at Broken Head, I took the gravel road on the right rising invitingly into the coastal rainforest. Dust hung in the air, lit by shafts of sunlight creating an atmosphere of steamy anticipation. The little parking bay came into view on the left at the top of the first headland. I found a parking spot and was pleased to see quite a few cars already there. Kings Beach was not an "official" nude beach and I thought it reassuring others would be there. I buttoned my shirt and readjusted my pants. Hopping out of my car, I gathered my beach bag put on my hat and was soon walking through the beautiful rainforest down towards a perfect beach.

It was a magic day, blue cloudless sky, dark blue ocean with clean sets of gentle waves breaking on golden sand. At a lookout near the beach, I could see some hikers walking along the strand. They were clothed but I could also see some fellow nudists! Two guys, obviously naked, walked down from the rainforest ringed sand towards the water and dived in.

I reached the sand and sought out a good spot in which to set up camp, near the bush with some shelter from the breeze, some shade from the sun and not too exposed to passers-by or hikers. Nearby was another camp but currently there was no one there. I made sure to be discreet and kept some space between us in order to create some mutual privacy for both of us. I spread out my towels and looked around. There were a few nudists laying down taking in the sun. 

A few of the nearby nudists glanced my way wondering whether I was a fellow nudist or one of the few others at the beach who remained clothed. I was much more nervous than I expected. I hesitated, working up the courage and then stood up and slowly unbuttoned and removed my shirt. I decided now or never and then standing undid my belt. I felt my cock stir a little as I slid my pants and then my undies down and stepped out of them. 

I was naked at the beach and the knowledge that a few people were glimpsing me with my semi erect cock on display sent a delightful shiver down my spine. Still standing, I applied sun screen and then made myself comfortable on my towel. The dappled sunlight felt great and I was able to now better take in my surroundings.

There were a few single guys of different ages and body shape nearby. I could see the cocks of some of them resting, nestled on their bellies or thighs. There were one or two naked women as well accompanied by a naked man. I felt my cock shift position then and so I reached down to move my shaved ball sac from under me and make sure my cock had plenty of room and was discreetly in view. I was getting turned on by others looking at me and by me seeing them.

I leaned back, watching the surf, with my cut cock semi-hard laying lazily on its back on the junction between my thigh and abdomen. A slim guy walked past. He was wearing a cockring which helped his penis sway a little as he walked. Kind of like a small elephant. He gave me a good look and said "Hello". I said the same back to him. He was totally shaved while I had only shaved my balls and trimmed my bush above my penis. "Lovely day", he said and I agreed. His hand brushed his cock absent mindedly and my cock jumped. I wondered if he noticed? He suggested I might like to take a bush walk together but since I had only just arrived, I said maybe later.

I was feeling braver now and l decided to leave my lair to take a walk along the water's edge as I had seen others doing. There were still a few other nudists doing likewise. We nodded and said hello as we passed. Everyone was very friendly. I was fully aware of being in view from all directions and others would be looking at my cock or arse as I walked. It was thrilling! I adjusted my cock from time to time which helped maintain the slight swelling.

When I returned I was surprised to find my unknown "neighbours" had come back from their walk. They were a middle aged man and a woman, husband and wife presumably. Both were in very good shape. He was fit with some body hair and shaved balls. She was slim with small dainty breasts, wide hips and a nicely trimmed bush making a lovely vee starting at the point where her inner thighs met her body.

"Hi", I said, "I hope you don't mind." The man responded, 

"No, not all. It's cool. Hi," he said coming over and reaching out a hand, "by the way I am Andrew and this is Kerry." 

As we nakedly shook hands our cocks jiggled, Kerry came over and said "hello" and I introduced myself to them. 

"Hi, Steve", said Kerry, "would you like to join us? It's always good to meet and chat with other nice nudists!". 

Andrew quickly seconded the suggestion, so, with my cock hardening, I moved my towel amd bag next to theirs. My penis was now fully erect and I put my hand, I had hoped very discreetly, over it, to cover it. I mustn't have been very successful, though, as Andrew said, "Don't worry about that, Steve. Those things have a mind of their own. It happens all the time.", which made us all laugh and put me at ease. "It's just natural, anyway", said Kerry, "and besides, it is quite a nice cock."

I blushed and laughed at the same time. I was surprised, too, by Andrew's ready echoing of his wife's opinion about how nice my cock was. I could see that he was sincere as his own lovely member had begun to swell in reaction. He grasped it and gave it a few absent minded strokes which only caused the erection to accelerate. Feeling emboldened, I commented on Andrew's cock being similar to mine and quite attractive too. I noticed a quick glance was exchanged between them as we all sat on our towels.

We got comfortable and made some small talk when, to my surprise, I saw Andrew take his hard cock more purposefully in hand and recommence stroking it, picking up from where he had left off before. Seeing this was like a signal as Kerry quickly repositioned herself, sitting up facing us both, with her legs flat in front of her and now modestly apart. 

The deep slit of her pussy's outer lips was clearly visible even under her wispy light coloured pubic hair. She looked lovely. I, sensing it was ok, felt the head of my cock with my thumb and index finger enjoying the view of them both. Kerry's nipples were firming and I head a faint sound that betrayed the wetness of her arousal, as she spread the outer lips of her cunt to reveal a sexy nest of inner lips and a lovely rosy pink colour.

Andrew moved closer to me in order to have a better view of his wife's now open pussy. Kerry rubbed and teased the outside of her cunt before positioning two fingers either side of her hood and, executing a swift upwards motion, exposed her rosy clit, which she proceeded to pleasure in front of us. 

Kerry lay back and with her other hand inserted one and then two fingers into her now very wet hole. At the same time I felt Andrews hand on my inner thigh moving up and down in time with my now steady rhythmic strokes on my cock's shaft. On each stroke my hand travelled up my shaft and rubbed part of my glans as I found this most pleasurable. 

"Would you mind?" I heard Andrew asking. Instinctively I knew what he meant and I removed my hand and repositioned my legs, granting him full access to my throbbing cock. It seemed only fair, after all, since they were sharing so freely with me that I should somehow return the favour. 

I had never had a guy play with my cock before and now I wondered why as Andrew expertly stroked my cock, at times taking a detour to cup my balls and feel and tease my hot glans. He even spread my precum delicately over the head of my cock, greatly increasing its sensitivity. No woman had ever stroked me so well!

Meanwhile, Kerry removed her two fingers from her hot steamy now gaping cunt and offered them to me to suck. I eagerly took them in my mouth and tasted her deliciously pungent salty cunt juice. Kerry returned them into her pussy and now inserted a third and then a fourth finger into her delicious wet hole.

We must have been making a some sounds because when I glanced to the side I saw the man who had said hello earlier. He and some of the guys I met walking by the water's edge were standing around stroking their boners and watching us. I had never been in such a hot situation before! Andrew leaned over and took my cock in his mouth. Its warm wetness lubricating my shaft. I laid back looking at the other hard cocks around me, feeling the hot, wet , hungry mouth take my cock further inside. Occasionally, Andrew's tongue paused and tickled my shaft underneath at the soft point where the glans joined. It felt sensational.

I could still see Kerry erotically placing all four fingers deep into her own cunt while she expertly stimulated her clit. One man stepped forward and offered his cock to her which she kissed but did not take into her mouth.

I could feel my balls tingling as Kerry groaned, raising her hips in great climax, she removed her hand from her cunt just before the waves of climax hit and expelled a great gush of her lovely cunt juice that ran all over her exposed arsehole and on to her towel. That was too much for me! I whispered to Andrew that I was about to cum, he didn't stop but only intensified his sucking and licking of my cock! I came in his mouth like I had never cum before. 

My cum filled Andrew's mouth, my cock shuddered several times. He swallowed my thick milky load, then releasing my flagging cock from his mouth, leaned over on all fours to kiss Kerry's mouth and then her cunt hole which still gaped open from the four finger workout she had given it. The men around us were all soon groaning and cumming as well in a rain of jism. While Andrew was kissing his wife with my cum I reached over from behind him and took his hard cock in my hand. 

I had never held another man's cock before. It felt fantastic! Warm, hard, powerful and so sexily erotic. I stroked his cock making sure his glans was not ignored. I also felt his delightfully heavy balls which hung at first but soon contracted closed to his body. 

Andrew remained on all fours while I stroked him to a massive climax with large amounts of cum spewing from the slit in his cock's head. I maintained a firm grip on his shaft as his cock erupted. Warm gobbets of his cum dripped onto my hand. He groaned and turned to me and as we kissed our cocks touched. A first for me. Kerry soon came over and kissed us both and then licked Andrew's cum from my hand. The watchers dwindled away sensing that the fun was over for a while at least.

We laid together for a while all exhausted, happy and relaxed, our bodies intimately entwined. Kerry's skin was soft and smelled sweet. I kissed her wide hip. We went for a swim together and rubbed each other's bodies to clean off all the remains of the dried sex juice and it was then that I felt Kerry's cunt hair and small titties for the first time, her nipples made erect this time by the cool ocean water. I even dared to slide my hand between her arse cheeks and briefly felt the crinkles of her arsehole. She didn't seem to mind. Meanwhile, Andrew did likewise to me and I to him. It felt naughty, adult and erotic.

Eventually, it was time for us to leave. We exchanged contact details and were pleased to discover that we did not live too far apart in Brisbane. They assured me that I could contact them anytime. They mentioned a "soirée" that they were planning to hold in the near future and promised to keep in touch about it.

I looked forward to it, very much.