 Feel free to send me an email telling me what you liked and disliked. I even enjoy getting emails from people helping me with my grammar and technical issues! Please help point out any mistakes or spots that could be written better. My skin is pretty thick and as appreciate people pointing out flaws with my writing.

All rights reserved. No part may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any electronic means, including photocopying, recording or by any information and retrieval system, without the written permission of the author.

I would like to thank everyone for his or her feedback and help with editing! You know who you are

Feel free to send me an email as it's my drug of choice! I would love to hear what you think about my story.

This is a multi part story with a minimum of three parts.

Wanted to thank Tom H for many long hours of editing. 

Start:

My husband Steve and I have become close with Mike and Sara. They have been married just about as long as we have and we all feel very comfortable in our relationships. Since we've been friends for years we've kind of pushed the boundaries of the normal friendship thing. Hell, when you vacation together things happen. Before you get ahead of yourself, nothing that you are thinking about has happened but we've all seen each other in various stages of undress.

One of the things about being close with another couple is that in time we've all grown comfortable enough with each other to flirt a little. Mike might have groped me a time or two and I might have accidentally brushed my ass into his crotch but nothing too over the top.

When we get together we always have a good time. Now, I never really got the vibe from Sara that she was bi or would be open to sharing. 

While I wouldn't consider myself bisexual, since I really don't have a burning desire to hop in bed with women, if things were to ever heat up between the Sara and me, it wouldn't be me stopping things. Of course the guys always drop not so subtle hints about us girls making out and that kind of stuff. So far we've always just played it off but over the past couple of months I find myself thinking about it more and more.

I've always loved her long athletic body even though she's very self-conscious about her smaller bust, not that full B cups are small. When I first met Sara she wouldn't ever consider wearing something low cut as she felt that would only draw attention to her smaller chest, but after having bought a Wonder Bra and some coaxing on my part. Sara is a new woman! I'm sure the guys have enjoyed watching Sara blossom into a more sexual creature. Don't get me wrong, this has helped fuel my sexuality also and together Sara and I have become a powerful sexual force!

Like most men, any time her husband and mine get together, all they want to talk about is us kissing or worse. Hell, I was game but wasn't sure Sara was. Still with all the teasing from the guys we never really pursued it. However, if I was to ever be with a woman or engage in some form of group sex it would be with Sara and her husband. I'm very envious of her body and I know both men love her big nipples. Sara tends to stay shaved all year while I get a little creative. A girl has to keep things fresh, right?

So even though there were a few nights where we both had too much wine and we would tease the guys by "fake kissing", we never were able to commit to actually engaging in a girl-on-girl session. During those wild nights, she hinted around that she wanted to but, when sober, she becomes all prim and proper as if having sex with me would be wrong. 

A couple of nights, there have been moments that could have turned sexual. For instance, we often start off in the hot tub wearing a bikini but it doesn't take long for the guys to get our tops off. I'm not complaining; I do enjoy the attention.

There have been a few drunken times where I could swear she was hinting around at a girl-girl thing but, since she is my best friend, I didn't want to push things. I was always afraid that I was misreading her teasing and I didn't want to destroy our friendship. Sadly, we just "play kissed" and rubbed each others' boobies.

On two prior occasions, all four of us got naked but there was no sex whatsoever, that is until I was in bed with my husband and I was all over him. He never complained about it. I think he loved being used as my sex toy.

One of the things that always threw me for a loop was that, after Sara had a couple of drinks, she became quite grabby. She would always grab my ass or boobs and tell me she wished hers were like mine. On most occasions my husband would catch her and encourage her. I always enjoyed the way she touched me and Steve always enjoyed the after-effect of her teasing me.

Last weekend Sara made a comment about getting away for a "grown up" weekend. Within ten minutes all the details were worked out. Sara was ready to have a weekend without the kids, to kick back and sleep in. We all made arrangements for the kids to stay with someone else for the weekend. 

We all drove together in their big ass SUV, made a couple of quick stops to pick up groceries and, of course, alcohol. Both Sara and I were wearing cute little sundresses. Around three in the afternoon on Friday, we arrived at the condo. As we pulled in, Mike and Steve said that they would run down and prep the boat for a sunset cruise or so that we could take it out tomorrow.

Sara and I popped a bottle of white wine open and started putting the groceries away. Sara disappeared for a few moments and reappeared wearing little "boy-short" bikini bottoms and a bikini top. She shot me a wicked smile, "I'm going comfy all weekend." She cupped her breasts, "and that means the girls are free this weekend." 

Giggling. I mumbled, "I'm sure our guys will enjoy the view."

We both laughed.

I smiled while walking over to my room, "Thank god, I'm going to go change too." 

I came back in wearing my little bikini and wrap covering my lower half. Sara came over, pulled the wrap off and said "Why do you cover up? You have a great body." 

She ran her hand from my back downward and lightly across my ass, gave it a squeeze, then said, "I wish I had your boobs."

"Yeah right," I reached out and put my hands on her hips. "And I wish that I had your curves."

Before I knew it, the mood turned rather sexual. Her hands were on my boobs and, more importantly, she was teasing my nipples. This was different from our previous play as, clearly this time. she was trying to turn me on. I could see it in her eyes.

For the ten-thousand time I told her, "I wish I had your her body."

Sara smiled then pulled her bikini top to the side exposing her firm breasts, "My nipples are too big and I have a hard time concealing them. And from all my running, I think that my ass is too big." Sara turned around showing me her ass. I told her, "I love your breasts." She put it all away. 

I smiled while teasing her nipples, "I would love to have your body and most women would kill for a body like yours."

She smiled, "Well Mike seems to like it". 

"Yeah, and how many times has Steve tried to remove your top?"

We both laughed, knowing that our guys are pigs. We don't really mind as it feels good knowing how much your husband wants you. It's also kind of erotic watching my husband flirt with her. In a way it takes my breath away as it's so taboo. Personally, I think we all want to explore more but no one has the "balls" to make the first move out of fear of rejection or other uncomfortable ramifications. Since I presumed they would be back soon, I started to make a snack tray for when the guys returned. 

As I worked on the snacks with my back to her, Sara reached under my arm and grabbed my left tit and said, "I still can't believe you want to get your nipples pierced. I love that! I mean it very erotic and all, but for the love of God that must hurt."  

We talked about the proposed piercing for a few minutes and, as we spoke, she grabbed her own nipple a couple of times. I guess she didn't really grab it but rather teased it until her nipple was rock hard. Then she again pulled her bikini top to the side, "Well, I think my nipples would be perfect if I were to pierce them! But I don't have the nerve"

Watching her was having a major effect on my mood. As she played with her nipples, I was having a hard time keeping up with the conversation. Even though we didn't do anything, I was aroused. At this point I didn't care who took me to bed, Sara or my husband but I knew someone had to!

Just then our men pulled up in the car. Sara fixed the boys a margarita. The guys grilled steaks while we made some things to go with dinner. 

As the night progressed, I knew it was only a matter of time until the guys would start pushing "the girls to get naked." This always seemed to happen when the four of us were together. Mike and my husband had pushed the "naked" issues for years, never getting more than a quick flash or one of us mooning them until last year when things started to heat up.

Watching everyone starting to relax put me in a good mood. This is what I needed: a weekend off with no stress or decisions to make. 

It is hard to believe that a couple of years ago I was considered a conservative, almost prudish. I never considered flashing my breasts to anyone, but now it seemed like no big deal. As I thought they might, about halfway through the night Mike and Steve suggested we have a naked weekend and be naked whenever we were in the condo. Sara called them perverts and shot that idea down quickly. I said nothing about it. 

Once we had settled in, there was a knock at the door. One of the guys had ordered a pizza. That was fine with me as I really didn't feel like cooking or going out. Mike paid for the pizza while Steve opened a bottle of wine. One of the nice things about having pizza for dinner is that not only is there no cooking, but cleanup is minimal. 

We talked about old times, laughed, and made grand plans for our mini-vacation. We all were stressed out and wanted a weekend with out any depressing news and we all agreed the first person to turn the news on would have to deal with dire consequences.

Then my husband and hers disappeared; we both knew that they were up to something.

About ten minutes later they came out wearing nothing. We were cracking up, laughing as they tried to act like nothing was out of the norm. Even though I don't find a flaccid cock sexy, it was still funny and kind of sexy watching them walk around nude. Regardless of the state of the cock, having them nude didn't help my situation. I was horny and started to fear that they would pick up on my arousal. 

Of course with the men completely nude, it was only a matter of seconds before they started to beg for us to strip. At first Sara said no way but she kept on looking at me. I wasn't sure if she was asking for permission or waiting for me to strip first. 

The next move by the guys was to call us chicken and stuff. Funny how, even though we were far older, some men never leave grade school. Sara wasn't one to back down and every now and then she would cup her breasts and ask the guys if they wanted to see "the girls". I could see my husband starting to get an erection. 

Since no one was leading the circus, I decided to throw caution to the wind by walking towards the hot tub. Before I was out of view, I tossed my bikini top at Mike knowing that would entice the others to follow me. This was the perfect weekend to advance or put things to bed, so to speak. We were not at our house and we were "kids free". I was ready to explore and since I was pretty comfortable with Sara, she was the perfect person to explore my bisexuality with.

It didn't take long before Mike and Steve joined me. I think both men were now beginning to sport erections although both were struggling not to get to full mast. Shame, as I do love seeing a nice hard cock.

Since the guys were nude and I was topless, I figured what the hell. With a quick flick of my wrist my bikini bottom was untied, and like any good wife I tossed it at my husband. Of course, being a lady I used my free hand and arm to keep myself covered. The night was still early and I didn't want the boys to crash and burn too soon.

While we were stripping, Sara kept reaching over and teasing my nipples right in front of the guys. At times I thought they were going to go crazy watching. Hell, I was going crazy from her teasing. She knew just how to touch my breasts and nipples and that made her a bitch for turning me on.

Sara again copped a feel in the hot tub while the guys watched. Steve looked like a kid in a candy store and I swear his eyes were about to pop out of his head. Speaking of his head, I'm sure the other one was rock hard by now although the bubbles were able to conceal the truth. 

Finally I couldn't take any more, "If you touch me one more time, Sara, you better be ready to do me."

The guys got all quiet and I'm sure that they were praying that something was about to happen between us. Steve was pretty obvious about what he wanted since he kept on pressing himself into me. To be honest I wanted the same thing; I wanted sex, pure hot and raw sex. Don't touch me, just freaking do me! I need to cum, now! Don't stop till I cum. My mind was set and I had to finally have her. 

Now, I was hoping something would finally happen! 

The only concern would be the "day after effect". Would the guys be jealous? Would our friendship be harmed if we did a little "munchie-munchie"? I was sure the guys would love seeing us together and there were no worries about their feelings.

Then as quickly as it started, Sara said she was tired and ready for bed. I think she might have been a little embarrassed. Sara was the first to get up and leave the hot tub with her husband right behind her. I have to say that Mike had a very nice erection which made me feel pretty sexy knowing that he was just as hard as my husband. I wondered if he became hard while thinking about me.

They left and we sat there in the hot tub for a couple more minutes. "Sitting" really didn't describe what we were doing and would be the incorrect word choice as Steve was kissing me passionately. I was worried about Sara as her leaving was rather abrupt but Steve didn't give me any time to think about her as he was all over me. 

I told him that I would be more comfortable in our room. So we dried off and headed to our room. Steve walked with confidence as he knew that I was about to rock his world. He also walked trying to show off his erection; as if I had forgotten that it was there.

"No baby, do me doggie style." I knew that Steve loved doing me doggie style and I really wanted to get off. Once on my hands and knees, I started teasing my clit. Oh, I was so wet.

My mind started to drift, would this be the weekend that things get sexual between all of us? Would Sara and I put on a show for the guys?

The bed moved as Steve lined himself up behind me. His cock touched my thighs but that didn't distract me from reaching my goal. I had to get off; I just had to cum! He found his target, then started to feed his cock into my awakening body. Now, I had something to wrap myself around. I didn't care about Steve's needs; all I cared about was my own orgasm.

Then, as Steve worked up a rhythm, part of me again wondered about Sara and what she was doing. While Steve moved his cock in and out of me, all I could think about was whether Sara was doing the same thing? Maybe she was also taking it doggie style? This was the first time in my life that I wondered if my friend was having sex. Yeah we all do it, but was she doing it right now? Was she on top or did she prefer to have Mike on top? Does she like going down on Mike? Does she let him cum in her mouth? 

I wonder if she swallows. What guy doesn't love that? She can be pretty sexual and I get she loves it when Mike goes down on her; what woman doesn't love that?

Thinking about them, I got lost in my own world 'til my orgasm took control over my body. My pussy clamped down like a vice onto Mike's cock; oh, I mean Steve's cock. Maybe I could have both of them. My toes curled, thinking about both guys doing me; my being the center of attention with both of them making love to me over and over again.

Hearing Steve grunt and groan made me aware that he was cumming also. Until then, in a way I had totally forgotten about him. Sure I could feel him and knew that he was there but thinking about Sara and what she was doing was what really got me off. I mean more than the typical orgasm, this one was head tingling and toe curling. All during my release, I was screaming into my pillow. I'm typically not a screamer due to being a little too self-conscious most of the time.

Still on my hands and knees, I could feel Steve starting to run down my thighs. There was no way that I wanted to sleep in this mess, so off I went to the restroom. While cleaning myself, I couldn't help wondering if Steve was thinking the same thing that I was? What about Sara? I wondered if she was thinking about me, or if she got any for that matter...

Time will tell.

*

End of part 1

Please vote!

Feel free to send me an email; I won't bite 

(only in vampire/zombie stories)