 We sat at our table idly talking and enjoying each other's company when I looked over toward the bar and saw her for the first time. She was looking right at me with this mischievous sexy smile, and I could not help but smile back. I turned back to my boyfriend and continued our conversation with intermittent kisses and caresses, but every once in a while I'd look back at the bar and she would smile at me again. 

We began flirting with our eyes until suddenly she started to come towards our table. I looked back to my boyfriend listening to what he was saying when I saw her stop beside us. He looked up at her first before I followed his gaze. She smiled and bent over whispering something into his ear then straightened and walked away. I looked at my boyfriend puzzled and he smiled at me. I asked what she said to him and he laughed a little telling me that she had offered to have a threesome with us. 

I was immediately aroused. I'd never been with a woman, but I found this one irresistible. I asked if he was interested and he stared at me in surprise before admitting that he was. She had informed him that she would be outside waiting for us in fifteen minutes if we wanted to join her. I began getting very excited and convinced him that I really wanted to do this.

We paid our bill and went outside to find her waiting for us. No words were exchanged as she beckoned us to follow her to a nearby hotel. We checked into a room and headed there still in silence. As soon as the door was closed her mouth was on mine and kissing a woman was unlike anything I'd ever experienced before. She walked me to the bed as she stripped off my tight blue dress followed by my lace push up bra. I was unaware of what had happened to my boyfriend as I was completely enthralled in the woman now laying on top of me kissing down my neck to my breasts before lightly licking and sucking on my nipples.

My boyfriend came to the bed then completely naked and kissed me passionately as this mysterious woman moved her kisses further down my body slipping my panties over my hips and slowly down my legs her kisses moving in their wake. Her mouth moved back up my body and stopped at my inner thighs. As she reached the heat between my legs my boyfriend moved and slowly slid is cock into my mouth and deep down my throat. He began fucking my mouth slowly as her tongue slid up over my clit causing me to buck up toward her and moan around his thrusting cock.

I came hard into her mouth and she sat up rubbing her hands along my body and up onto my boyfriend kissing his mouth as he continued to fuck mine. He pulled out of my throat and turned me over. He lay back on the bed as I mounted him and she then satbupon his face both of us riding him at once and kissing passionately above him. I could taste myself on her mouth as we kissed and this pushed me over the edge again hard around his cock. I cried out as I came and she smiled in deep satisfaction at my second orgasm.

I collapsed onto the bed breathless and opened my eyes to see her on all fours over me with her breasts swaying in my face as my boyfriend fucked her from behind. I reached up and took her erect nipple into my mouth suckling her breast and massaging the other with one hand. My other hand slowly explored her body moving down over her stomach and hips landing on her clit where I began rubbing while she continued to be fucked.

She came with her juices dripping down my hand and I brought it to first my mouth then hers tasting her and licking my hand clean. She grinned at me then and moved away from on top of me. She pulled my boyfriend over and laid him on his back with his pelvis near my face. I moved in to begin sucking him. She moved in beside me and we licked and sucked his cock together until he was close to cumming. He grabbed us both by our hair and pulled us to our knees facing each other with our breasts touching and he began jerking his cock before releasing his load on our tits. 

She leaned in and began licking my breasts clean then wiped her own with her fingers and guided them into my mouth to suck them clean. We kissed again breaking apart only to take turns kissing my boyfriend. Eventually I fell asleep entangled in them both. When I woke she was gone and my boyfriend and I dressed and checked out of the room. We never learned her name and I never heard her voice. We never saw her again, but it was a night I would always remember.