 Maria crouched silently against the chimney, one foot easily bracing her weight against the steep slope of the roof. The night air was hot but a slight breeze rebounded through the woman's shadowy hiding place. One nice thing about these wealthy folks, she thought. They loved their fancy houses. The irregularly-shaped roofs offered dozens of spots where a woman with a camera could lurk totally unseen.

Moving with cautious speed, Maria slid her satchel around to her side. Two slight popping noises and the safety catch was released. From the depths of the black bag the photographer extracted a small clamp, shaped to fit over the apex of the roof. Quickly but quietly, the slim woman set the clamp against the roof and spun its dials until the device was firmly attached to the shingles. This accomplished, the nearly invisible photographer fished a lightweight camera from the satchel and snapped it into the base of the clamp. Finally, she unzipped her black vest halfway and reached inside for the lens. Its rough, textured casing scraped against the flesh of her breast as she pulled away the velcro straps which held the equipment to her vest. Licking her lips and smiling, Maria re-zipped the vest and gingerly put the lens in place. The device was the most delicate part of her equipment, containing a light intensifier as well as the powerful telescope. Maria definitely didn't want to chase it two stories to the ground.

Straddling the crux of the roof, Maria leaned forward and scooted her rear back until she was lying nearly horizontal. A quick look in the view finder showed that the couple next door had started early. She swore softly, one eye glinting off the weak light of the street light. The people at 5181 Ridgeway were her favorite subjects; she hated to miss any part of their performance. Sitting up, Maria quickly plugged two small wires into the camera. The first led to a small rubber cup which fitted perfectly over one eye and was held on by an elastic strap. The second was a remote shutter release. Smiling as the couple swam into focus, Maria leaned back and made herself comfortable against the chimney.

The blonde woman was already tied to the bed, face down and spread-eagled. She was nude, of course. Maria had never seen her with clothes still on. Towering over the bed was her husband, his erection looking almost as long as the flexible ends of his cat o' nine tails. He walked casually alongside the bed, trailing the ends of the whip against the trembling blonde's back.

Without warning, the cat cut through the air and smacked against the woman's quivering buttocks. Maria jumped herself, mirroring the bound wife. The camera whirred quietly. The whip moved aside and Maria snapped a few more frames of the reddened ass in the center of her view finder. Her only regret was the lack of sound.

The cat swung again, twice, and bright red lines appeared across the backs of the woman's thighs. The husband was obviously breathing hard; his free hand was pumping at his enormous cock. Maria, knowing the couple's routine, was disappointed. They'd started far earlier tonight than she'd expected. 

The whip rose and fell three more times and the captive's beautiful ass was nearly glowing. A warm breeze brushed against the skin of Maria's neck and face. She wondered idly how warm her unknown subject's skin was by now. The man, however, didn't care. His cat lay abandoned on the floor, dropped in favor of his more personal tool. Moving quickly to the head of the bed, he was soon shooting milky streams of semen into his wife's hair. Maria's camera recorded the event gleefully, zipping through the roll of film. 

When he was finished, the husband let out a deep breath and closed his eyes momentarily. His wife was grinding her pelvis against the bed frantically, trying vainly to stimulate her clit against the smooth sheets. Erection gone, the man quickly found a large, knobbed vibrator and slid it into his wife with one fluid motion. She tensed abruptly as the machine thrust into her body, then began undulating her hips rhythmically. After flipping the small device on, the husband disappeared from the bedroom. 

Maria pulled the eyepiece from her head, knowing that the performance was pretty much over for at least an hour or two. People were predictable, she'd learned. They might experiment every once in a while, but sooner or later they returned to their old sexual routines. Maria pulled a wide swath of black cloth across her nose and mouth as she prepared to depart. Always cautious, the mask would help prevent identification in the event someone caught a glimpse of her. Less than three minutes later the camera and accoutrements were returned to the satchel. Except for the lens, which was snuggled against her abdomen protectively. This accomplished, Maria reached inside her bra and teased one stiff nipple before closing her vest and descending from the roof like a voyeuristic angel.

* * * * * 

"Private World Publications," said the voice on the phone.

"Doug Frazier, please," Maria requested. She reclined on the plush couch in her robe, revelling in the heat of the afternoon sun on her bare legs. Spread out across her lap were copies of her work from last week -- three small booklets.

"May I ask who's calling?"

"No." The dark-haired photographer was sure she detected a sigh from the secretary before she was placed on hold.

Doug's deep voice clicked on after a slight delay. "About time, Maria," he grumbled.

"How'd you know it was me?" asked Maria, smiling at the ritual greeting.

"'Cause you're the only one I know too rude to give your name!"

"I've got something for you to make up for it. Twenty-two somethings, as a matter of fact."

"Good. When are you going to come down here and wrap those beautiful legs around my head?"

"When I'm ready to break your neck," Maria answered.

Doug coughed and Maria heard the sound of a lighter being sparked. "Worth a try. I've got a special request for you, if you're working tonight."

"Of course!" replied Maria, wiggling her butt against the rough covering of the couch. Jogging and climbing had kept the photographer's legs and ass well-muscled. "What do you need?"

"A little island work."

Maria mulled over the request for a moment. "I think I can do it," she said finally. "How urgent is it?"

"Fast as you can," was the reply.

"Hmm," said the slim brunette. "I'll try. Maybe I can get lucky tonight!" 

* * * * *

The architecture of a downtown parking structure provided one of Maria's favorite posts; the corner supporting walls were arranged in a fashion which left a perfectly shadowed alcove facing a nearby apartment building. Nestled in this hiding spot, Maria set up her equipment and gazed across the empty air, counting the windows in from the left. Sure enough, her luck was in. The three men living in that particular unit played out their Thursday night tradition every week without fail, but the blinds were often closed. Tonight, however, the living room was open to any competent peeper. Hopefully, the trio would once again satisfy their predilection with the act Doug had requested. "Island work" was the publisher's slang for what was more traditionally referred to as "Greek". Leaving her mask up, Maria zoomed in on the apartment.

Two of the three young men were already there, sitting in separate recliners with nothing on but nylon running shorts. They were good-looking figures, muscular and handsome. Maria felt a stirring between her legs as she gazed at the pair, whom she'd nicknamed Tom and Dick. Within moments their roommate strolled into the room, every bit as fit as his friends. He, of course, was Harry.

Harry had a slight Chinese girl in tow. She evidently knew her job here; without delay the girl slipped out of her clothes and knelt before Tom. Her skin was a beautiful shade of yellow and Maria quickly captured a few shots of the girl's small, jutting breasts as Tom's cock stiffened rapidly between her tiny, sucking lips. This done, the girl crawled on hands and knees to Dick's chair. With hands clasped behind her back, the little Chinese girl worked Dick's penis out of his shorts with her teeth and proceeded to bring him to life.

Harry said something at that point and the girl dropped one hand between her legs. Maria held her breath in anticipation. As she'd expected, the girl's fingers came away wet and travelled immediately to the cleft between her buttocks. Unfortunately, Dick and his consort were in profile to Maria so she couldn't get a shot of the thin finger burrowing its way into the pucker of the girl's ass. The shot was good enough for Doug's work, however, and Maria knew there would be more before the scene was finished.

All three of the young men were soon ready. The girl moved into place, kneeling in the center of the room with her back to Maria. Then, to Maria's delight, the Chinese girl rolled backward, onto her shoulders. In an impressive display of flexibility, the girl ended up with her knees resting on the floor beside her ears, ass straight up in the air. Once again, the camera was in perfect position to catch every last detail.

Identical expressions of ecstasy flashed over Tom and the girl's faces as he straddled her body and bent his knees, sliding his hard rod straight down into her cute little ass. Maria nearly moaned herself, depressing the shutter release over and over as the young man bobbed up and down. Just when Maria was sure that the girl's spine would give out, Tom raised up on his toes and pulled his cock out of her ass. The tiny Chinese's face turned from disappointment to pure lust as three large globs of sticky cum shot from Tom's dick. The first landed on the girl's inclined stomach and dripped down over her almost non-existent tits. After that, however, Tom corrected his aim and the girl's face was plastered with the creamy fluid.

Harry was just stepping into Tom's abandoned place when Maria felt the arms wrap around her stomach and shoulders. The photograph jumped reflexively and yelped. She hadn't heard anyone approach, and now she was caught.

"Hold still," whispered a reedy voice. "If you move or shout, I'll hurt you."

Maria did as directed, freezing within the intruder's grasp. She craned her neck slowly, trying to catch a glimpse of the man's face. Through the camera viewer she saw Harry thrusting in and out of the Chinese girl's ass.

"I said, hold still!" commanded Maria's captor. The hand on her stomach moved away and the woman was surprised to see an old mariner's style telescope swing up over her shoulder. The assailant peered through it, taking in the scene Maria's camera recorded.

"Nice," commented the man, putting the telescope away. "I'll warn you right now, I know who you are, I know where you live, and I know what kind of work you're doing. Do what I say, and that information doesn't need to go any further. And by the way, keep shooting. You're about to miss the second guy's cum."

Maria bent over and peeked back through the camera, whipping off another few frames as Harry exploded with an unbelievable amount of cum. The girl's face and chest were literally coated with the results of the two men's orgasms.

"What do you want?" asked Maria in a low voice. She'd pretty much given up any thoughts of escape; if the intruder had found her here, he probably did know where she lived. In the apartment, Dick plunged himself into the tender ass of the Chinese girl.

"Oh, I don't know," teased Maria's unseen captor. "You keep doing your work while I decide. And I have a gun." The last was added almost casually.

With no small amount of fear working through her stomach, Maria tried concentrating on her pictures. "You like what's going on in there?" whispered the man huskily. The photographer nodded in silence.

Before Maria could react, the drawstring on her dark work trousers was pulled loose and the garment fell in a puddle around her ankles. She began to straighten instantly but the man saw it coming. A firm hand on the back of her neck held Maria in position and a cold piece of metal brushed against the back of her thigh. 

"Last warning," hissed the man. "Keep your face on that camera!" The tip of the gun barrel snagged the waistband of Maria's panties and dragged them down.

The woman breathed deeply, staring through the view finder. There was a brief movement behind her, then, incredibly, the cheeks of her ass were being spread by calloused hands and a warm tongue swept across her tight anus. Maria moaned despite herself; she'd never felt something so intense in her life. Across the way, a sweating Dick was still driving in and out of the Chinese girl. 

The camera clicked over and over as the man's tongue brushed back and forth on Maria's asshole, stopping every once in a while to push at the tight sphincter. The photographer remained stock-still, even when her invisible lover stood up and she felt the unmistakable pressure of a cockhead against her ass. Camera abandoned momentarily, Maria reached out to brace herself against the walls of the alcove as the rod-like tool slid into her ass. 

"Don't miss that last orgasm," warned the man. He sounded smug. "Your boss might not like it if you finish early." 

Maria followed his orders, breathing hard as the cock slid in and out of her tight ass. She was just in time to capture Dick's orgasm joining that of his roommates' on the girl's face. The ring of Maria's ass squeezed convulsively around the invading cock as she watched the girl lick happily at the large accumulation of cum on her face. Then, without warning, hot streams of liquid were splashing against the inside of Maria's own backside.

Legs trembling, the photographer nearly collapsed as the spent cock withdrew from her ass. Cum began flowing from the stretched opening instantly, dripping in a sticky path down the insides of the brunette's legs. Staggering in an unsteady circle, she turned to look at her unexpected lover. The man, however, was gone.

* * * * *

"Good morning, Sunshine," came Doug's heavy voice. 

"Hi Doug," answered Maria, smiling despite herself. Her ass ached, partly from last night's unexpected attention, partly with longing for more. 

"Some damn good shots you got last night. How d'you find these people?"

"A little skill, a little luck, and a lot of patience. I'm surprised you have those developed already."

Doug's desk chair creaked in the background. "Rush job. We try to provide quality products in a timely manner, you know."

"Time, of course, being directly proportional to price."

"Of course! We can get just about any material, if the money's there for it!"

"I know," said Maria dryly. "I get a lot of the material, remember?"

"You get the best," Doug flattered. "Which reminds me, do you think you can get anything from that dungeon over on Park tonight? Those collections are going like wildfire."

"Should be able to."

"Do it, then. Anything else before I go make the perverts happy?"

Maria hesitated, not sure whether or not to tell Doug about the previous night's experience. "No," she said finally. "Nothing new."

"Gotcha. Get some good shots in for me."

* * * * *

The Dungeon on the Park, as Maria thought of it, was one of the easiest places to get pictures. The vast lawn around the sprawling estate was spotted with clumps of thick bushes and tall trees, giving a midnight photographer an abundance of hiding places. Maria took more care than usual approaching the house; she parked nearly three miles away and looked over her shoulder constantly. The inexplicable events from last night had her edgy, to say the least.

Satisfied that she was alone, Maria set up camp and zeroed in on the large bay windows at the back of the house. A slight rise in the ground provided her with a place to kneel while propping the camera on its tripod. The Mistress was entertaining a guest, it seemed. Sitting demurely in a throne-like chair, the Mistress wore crotchless leather panties and a tight leather halter. The matching boots reached up past her knees and the outfit was topped off by a fancy leather beret. Maria was captivated; she'd always thought that the Mistress's outfits looked uncomfortable, but the things she did to her slaves were intoxicating. One of them knelt at the Mistress's feet now, a buxom redhead dressed like a high school cheerleader. Her sweater was cut away to reveal her breasts, however, and a small set of nipple clamps was screwed firmly to her swelling peaks. The clips were attached by a thin gold chain, which trailed away to the Mistress's hand. The cheerleader's skirt was pinned up in the back, too, revealing a smooth ass and legs. 

Across from the Mistress, Maria could see the guest. She was an older woman, dressed in a dark blue business suit and sporting a riding crop. Her glasses seemed too big for her face; she was constantly pushing them up her nose. Chatting away with the Mistress, the guest waved the crop absently.

The conversation went on for quite some time before the Mistress suddenly yanked on her gold chain. Maria congratulated herself silently as she collected a shot of the surprised slave's nipples distending painfully. Reacting quickly, the cheerleader leaned forward and buried her head between her owner's thighs. The Mistress raised her legs over the arms of the chairs, obscuring the redhead's face from the camera's view. The back of her head was still visible though, and Maria loved the pose. Doug's customers would go nuts.

"Time to watch the little sluts be trained, huh?" whispered a voice behind Maria. Still on her knees, she began to spin around. Once again, however, the man blocked the motion.

"Keep taking your pictures," he ordered, pushing the photographer forward until she was on all fours. She obeyed without hesitation, not sure whether to be scared or elated. She was soon nude from the waist down. This time, the man also removed her mask. Maria's stomach quelled but she didn't protest.

Inside the mansion, the guest's riding crop cut through the air and whipped against the cheerleader's exposed ass. The girl jumped visibly, mashing her face harder against her trainer's cunt. At the same time, Maria felt a smooth, cool cylindrical object being pushed into her rapidly-lubricating pussy. When it was buried deep inside her, the unseen lover flipped the switch at the end of the device. Maria gasped as she was jolted by wave after wave of powerful vibrations.

"Don't neglect your work," the stalker whispered. "But if you want to get off, I suggest you run that camera with one hand."

Needing no persuasion, the photographer reached back through her legs with one hand and grasped the end of the slick vibrator. Working the machine in and out of her engorged lips, she continued to snap photos of the Mistress and her guest.

The crop had left a number of bright red rectangles on the slave's milky white ass, and it was still flailing. The Mistress's guest had pushed her skirt up past her hips and one hand was busy between her legs while the other swung the crop over and over again. Maria nearly screamed aloud as a similar instrument cracked suddenly against her own flesh. She lost her grip on the vibrator momentarily. As the warm sensation shot through the cheeks of her ass she regained the lost toy and pumped it faster in her slick cunt.

Back in the mansion, the Mistress climbed onto the seat of her chair and kneeled, facing away from her slave. The redhead, responding to the pull of the nipple clamps, spread her owner's outer lips and buttocks and began laving her from clit to asshole with her pink tongue. The riding crop continued to rain on the tender skin of the cheerleader's rump and legs, action echoed by Maria's anonymous friend. 

Soon, the combination of the vibrator in her pussy and the crop on her ass brought Maria to a shaking orgasm. She gave up on choosing her moments for pictures; instead, she hit the shutter button at random. The camera soon locked up as the film ran out, and the man behind the crop stepped around to the side of the kneeling photographer. Grasping her by the hair, he raised her head toward his crotch. Before she knew what was happening, hot jets of cum were splashing against Maria's cheek and nose. She licked out hungrily, eyes watering as a glob of the salty liquid dripped over them. The vibrator dropped to the ground, totally forgotten. 
