 When my wife, Lisa, and I were dating, and we talked about being exclusive, I wasn't really expecting the question of "does that mean for sex, too?"  The obvious answer to me was "yes, that means sex too - what do you think 'exclusive' means?" but not to her.  Where I'd only been in one relationship before, and only ever fooled around with a few people, she'd been having casual sex regularly since high school.  This didn't suprise me, when we first talked about it - Lisa is conventionally gorgeous, with stunning blue eyes and straight, shoulder-length red hair that somehow is straight and wavy at the same time.  By contrast, I was always that kind of mixed-race kid who got what I thought were the least attractive elements of my parents.  Frizzy black hair (Lisa says it's fun to play with), curves that I consider overweight but Lisa can't keep her hands off, glasses that I only sometimes need.  I'm shortish and stubby, she's tallish and slender.  So of course she had more sex than me, and it wasn't surprising that our ideas of sex didn't really match up.  She was cool with total exclusivity, though, at least at the start.

So we dated, and a month turned into six turned into a year, and the question came up again.  At that point, I knew she was "the one."  Emotionally, spiritually, I will never need another person.  Lisa and I connect on so many levels: our bisexuality, our thought processes, our religion, our general view on life and children (that's why we're, y'know, married now) - so she asked the sex question again.  We worked it out - each of us is free to have sex with whomever we choose, so long as we use protection, and we come home to each other for emotional support.

The idea of having casual sex never really appealed to me aside from in a fantasy sense.  It seemed weird, the idea of sex without the emotional connection: why would I want to share my body with someone who doesn't share my soul?  So I never considered taking my half of our arrangement, and I continued to rely on Lisa and on myself for sexual relief and pleasure.  And oh my goodness, is it pleasurable with her - but that's not the story I'm telling you today.

The story I'm going to tell you is the one you asked about.  And you said you were sure you wanted to hear it, all the graphic details, from the very beginning, so don't you dare chicken out on me halfway through.

This started after Lisa overheard one of my masturbation sessions in the shower, maybe a few months after we started living together.  One of my recurring fantasies is multiple men fucking me at the same time.  And I really do mean fucking.  There is no "making love" about these fantasies.  Sometimes, they actually get into rape territory, where I'm being held down and forced to take all of their fat cocks...

ANYWAYS.  Lisa overheard, and she asked me if I wanted to live out that fantasy.  I blushed and got all puritanical, started mumbling something about emotion and sex and love, and she laughed and held me.  She told me about this orgy she goes to: usually a medium to large affair, everyone uses protection, and you never have to do anything you don't want to.  Lisa offered to take me to the orgy.

I'm still not certain I would have said yes if she hadn't been playing with my nipples the whole time she held me.

We got to the house where the orgy was a little on the early side.  Lisa wanted me to come in and get to know some of the people beforehand so I wouldn't feel as awkward.  I told her I could feel awkward anywhere.  She held my hand as we walked in.  She showed me where to leave my clothes, where to lock up my purse, and I walked stark-naked into a room of other stark-naked people, immediately self-conscious.  Remember that old theater trick of "the audience is in their underwear" to make you less nervous? Yeah, it never worked for me either.  Multiply the it-doesn't-work factor by ten and you have how mildly terrified I felt at that moment.  Lisa, though, saw a few people she knew sitting on a couch and led me over to them.

"Karen, this is Ellen, Annie, Dan, and Lionel.  Everyone, this is Karen, my girlfriend," Lisa introduced casually.  Three people stood up to greet me.

"Hi Karen, I'm Ellen," Ellen said, extending her hand.  I shook it.

"Ah, the mysterious girlfriend!" Annie joked, also extending a hand.  "Lisa said she had a really serious girlfriend, but I couldn't imagine anyone letting her go out and do what she does."

"Well, she comes home to me, doesn't she?" I shot back.  Annie laughed and nodded.

"That she does," Dan butted in.  "Dan, pleased to meet you."  One more handshake.

"Likewise," I answered.

Lionel waved from his position on the couch, and Lisa sat me down on the ottoman of a chair she leaned back in.  Once I got past the human nudity - they're just bodies, it's not like I've never seen another human body before - the weirdest thing about the entire event had to be sitting butt naked on someone else's furniture.  And doing other things butt naked on someone else's furniture.  I don't even go naked on my own furniture.  But (pun intended) I sat down and got over it.

We made small talk.  (Naked small talk.)  Dan, a Latino man with a very long torso, manages a burger joint in the downtown area of where we live, but he loves to sculpt and hopes to go somewhere with that.  Annie and Ellen are an on-again, off-again thing, currently in an off-again phase, since Ellen's about to head to law school across the country.  Dan works for an advertising firm.  Lionel's a mechanic - Lisa actually found out about the orgy from him when she got her car fixed a few months back.  Dan and Annie went to the same college, but met at the orgy.

Lisa held my hand.

The evening started to pick up.  More and more people arrived, and I started to see random people doing random sex things.  It weirded me out, at first, but everyone else was taking it in stride, and as I relaxed, I actually began to find it kind of hot.  Lisa and Dan both had to remind me not to stare, staring is rude, and if you want to join, just ask.

"Actually, Karen, can I play with your tits?"  Dan asked.  "They're really awesome, I've wanted to say that all night."

Shocked, I looked at Lisa.  "Well?" she asked.  "Do you want him to play with your tits?"  When I still didn't answer, she reached over and squeezed one.  "I find them entertaining myself.  Dan, she'll probably be more comfortable if I take one and you take the other."

I saw Lionel reach for his cock, which was half-erect.  Annie's hand crept onto and up Ellen's smooth thigh.  Lisa came and sat next to me on the ottoman, turning me so we faced the chair and drawing me onto her lap as she slid her left hand around me and up the left side of my body, cupping my left breast and squeezing gently.  I let out a soft moan; Lisa knows just how much pressure to use to get the sounds she wants.  Dan sat down on the chair facing us, then reached his hand to grab my right breast.  He squeezed tighter than Lisa, and I let out a gasp as the two of them worked my breasts, then my nipples.  The combination of Lisa's gentle grip and Dan's firm one was an entirely new experience, and I let myself drift, riding the waves of pleasure and watching as if from outside my body.  I hardly noticed when Lisa started toying with my clit, but I did notice when Dan asked someone passing by for a condom.  I was jolted back into my body, suddenly noticing that Ellen and Annie were gently fucking on the couch and that Lionel was jerking off furiously next to them, watching...me.

"Lisa..." I muttered, a little scared.  "I don't know if I want to do this."

"That's okay," she said.  "You don't have to do anything you don't want to.  I do happen to know that Dan is an excellent lay, and I'll be right here the whole time.  I'll hold your hand, okay?"

For the first time, I looked down at Dan's cock.  Fully erect, it stood at probably six and a half inches - I've never been good at measuring with my eyes, but it looked bigger than some of the guys in my pornos - and I realized that both my mouth and my pussy were watering.  Physically, I could tell I did want this.  And Lisa said she would hold my hand.

"Yeah, okay," I said, voice wavering, then getting stronger.  "Let's do this."

Dan put the condom on.  "Let's do what?" he asked, a mischeivous grin growing on his face.  "What do you want to do?"

My vulva was screaming at me for attention, but all I could think of was my watering mouth.  "I want...can I suck your cock?" I asked, with a glance at Lisa.

Dan's grin turned into a full-on smile.  "Sure," he said, standing up.  Suddenly, his cock was in my face.  "Go on."

I lifted my left hand and gripped his cock, lightly at first, nervously.  Lisa left me on the ottoman by myself, holding my right hand in her left as she moved around behind Dan to sit on the chair.  I couldn't see what she was doing, but I figured she wasn't just going to spectate.  I licked Dan's shaft slowly, tasting...well, the condom, actually, which happened to be strawberry flavored, but I could smell him.  Man smell.  I'd only ever sucked off one man before - my ex-boyfriend - and Dan was so much longer than he was.  How was I going to do this?

Lisa held my hand.

I started to work Dan more vigorously, squeezing his nutsack and taking his head in my mouth.  I licked, trying to taste flesh that my rational brain knew was covered with latex, and licked, and suddenly I wanted more.  I locked fingers with Lisa and together we gripped Dan's thigh.  I began really sucking his dick, pushing myself forward to take more of his cock in my mouth.  His hand went behind my head as he moaned - Lisa I think was doing something with his ass - and he pushed me further onto his shaft.  Greedily, I sucked and sucked, hating when Dan pulled back, loving when I could feel his cock down my throat.  I looked up to see his face, and he looked down at the slut with his cock in her mouth, and he thrust harder, harder, and one long thrust, then pulled his flaccid cock from my still-sucking mouth.

"God, Lisa, your girlfriend is wasted on you," he moaned, sitting down in her lap.  She let go of my hand and reached for his cock, stroking it gently.  "If she can give head like that, some lucky man should have her."

"She's good at giving me head, too," Lisa chuckled, "I promise, she's not wasted with me.  I think it's my turn, though," she said, moving herself from under Dan to straddling him, his cock hanging limply between her thighs as she reached towards mine.  "Baby, can you lie down on that ottoman?"

I obliged, scooting forward and leaning back so she could lower herself to my pussy.  Gently, she began the first familiar tongue strokes of a maneuver she knew could get me off in just a few minutes.  As her tongue slid into my pussy, I let out a loud moan, releasing the pleasure from the blowjob and from Lisa's attentions.  A stranger wearing a condom came over and asked if he could take my mouth.  In a daze, I said yes, and he began fucking my face gently as Lisa continued her ministrations.  Not a minute later, I was screaming in orgasm, then hungrily sucking the cock in my mouth as another built inside me.  I closed my eyes to let the experience roll over me.  Lisa moved her tongue up my body, licking my clit, then kissing my stomach, using her hands to reach up my sides and over my breasts and down my arms to hold my hands.  She crawled on top of me, her nipples brushing mine, kissing the cock in my mouth and my mouth, then took the stranger's cock in her own mouth as I was suddenly filled below with Dan.  I yelped.

Lisa held my hand.

Lisa and I use strap-ons, of course, both to give and receive - while I am attracted to her body, I'm more attracted to her mind and I'm more likely to notice men in a given room.  Penetration is important to getting me off.  It had been so long since I'd had a real cock inside me, though, and I'd forgotten what it felt like.  They're so much more flexible than a fake dong, they change with you and with the movement, and goddamn did Dan know how to use his.  He thrust inside me, one deep, long thrust at first, giving me a moment to relax and realize what was happening.  Then he began short, slow thrusts to keep hitting that spot inside me, making me moan louder and louder.  I opened my eyes to a vision of Lisa's chin above some stranger's nutsack, and it hit me that *this was actually happening*, my girlfriend and I were fucking two strangers and oh my god this cock feels AMAZING and I moaned.  I moaned and kissed Lisa's neck and I whispered, "Thank you, baby, his cock feels so good."

She released the stranger she'd been working on - he seemed to be finished - and kissed me, deeply, as Dan started moving in longer, faster thrusts.  I moaned against Lisa's mouth, then into her ear as she kissed down the side of my face and neck.  As I gyrated against Dan's pole, falling into a rhythm, she bit softly where my shoulder and neck muscles connect, and I screamed into the eternity of my orgasm.  Dan kept plowing away, now making hard, fast thrusts that struck my g-spot every time, and another wave of orgasm hit me and I screamed Lisa's name.

Lisa held my hand.

Dan finished a few seconds later, pulling out and taking off his condom.  Lisa lay on top of me for a few moments, then sat up and pulled me into a sitting position.  "You're having a good time, then?" she asked, grinning and squeezing my hand.

For the first time, I noticed how hot it was in the room.  When I breathed in, I smelled air thick with sex and human odor, heard grunts and moans of pleasure.  "Can we step out for a minute?" I asked.  "I think I'd like some fresh air."

"Sure thing," she replied, climbing off me and leading me into the kitchen, then out a back door into an enclosed yard.  The fences were high and well-mended, and there were hedges on the other side that grew even higher.  A few people were fucking out here, but quietly and gently - apparently, disturbing the neighbors is frowned upon.  We sat down on the edge of the patio, and I could feel my wetness sticking to the concrete.

We sat there for a while, holding hands, sometimes watching the yard sex, sometimes just staring.  I think we sat there for a good five minutes before Lisa spoke.  "So...are you okay?"

I was silent for a moment, thinking.  Now that I had a good look at it, without being completely in the moment, the facts were laid out for my rational brain: I had just sucked off two strange men with my girlfriend, and one of them had fucked me.  With my girlfriend.

If Lisa hadn't been there, I realized, not only would I have not had the nerve to go, but I wouldn't have been okay with it.  It was true what I thought before, that sex without the emotional connection is pointless.  As it stood, though, I had just shared an excellent sexual experience - one that filled some fantasies that she could not achieve for me on her own - with my loving partner.

"Yeah," I said, "I'm okay.  I'm great, actually.  I wouldn't do this without you, but I'm having a marvelous time.  Are you having fun?"

The smile that beamed back at me was more rewarding an answer than anything she could have said.  I knew that she knew exactly how much I loved her more than anything, but I also knew that she knew that I wasn't getting the kind of sexual satisfaction that I craved in my fantasies.  If I'm honest, for the rest of our lives, I don't think she'll ever accept that I was totally cool with that, so long as I had her - that's why she needed to go out and find other partners, bounce on a cock or two, and why we have an open sexual relationship.

But having her cock and eating me too?  Well, that was just the kind of rich meal she'd been dreaming of.

I remember that first night, she went back in and found someone(s?) to fuck, then came out and got me and we went home.  And yeah, I know that's not the ending you were expecting, but that's because it's not the end of the story.  It's the prologue.  What you want to hear about happened when we went back.

The second time we went to the orgy together, she was nervous.  I didn't know why - I asked, she evaded, I asked more persuasively, and she said that there was a surprise for me and she hoped I liked it.  I was a little taken aback by that, since she knew I was a little apprehensive, even after enjoying myself last time.  We were arriving a little later, and she undressed more quickly than I did and went in ahead of me.  That made me extremely anxious.  I had absolutely no desire to do this without her.  I finished storing our stuff, then walked into the living room as we did the first time.  There was no small talk going on - the orgy was in full swing, sex here and there and everywhere (willy-nilly, if you will), all kinds of pairing and triplings and some things I probably blocked from my memory, but I found Lisa pretty quickly, talking to Dan.  He saw me first and waved, so I came over.

"Hi, Dan," my wavering voice squeaked as I forced a smile onto my face.

"Hey, Karen," Dan said, grinning broadly and bringing me into a hug.  I hugged him back, briefly and not without considerable awkwardness.  My anxiety was winning the race for control of my brain, with arousal coming in a distant fourth after panic and fear.  I backed off quickly, and Lisa slipped her hand into mine.

"Karen," Dan stepped back and spoke slowly, noticing my anxiety, "Lisa's been telling me about a fantasy of yours that she thinks you'd like to play with here."

My mind flashed back to the shower that I'd taken just before Lisa convinced me to come to the first orgy.  It didn't take too long to guess that's what he meant; that's a recurring fantasy of mine.  "Um...which one?" I asked, fearing the answer.  Because I had to be sure.  Better to terrify myself with.

Lisa piped in.  "That one with you and the cocks, my love - the rapey one."  She grinned, a little nervously, I thought, or maybe that was just me projecting my considerable nerves onto her.  "So Dan's going to take you downstairs, and I'm going to gather a few cocks," Lisa stepped closer to me and slid one hand around my ass, gripping lightly and massaging the muscle as she whispered the next part into my ear.  "And they're going to fuck you in every hole, and you're going to take it like the little slut -" she punctuated the word with a tight squeeze of my ass "- that you are.  My little slut.  If you don't like something, you just say the word 'sunflower,' okay?  That's your safeword tonight."  She pulled me away from Dan, who slid a hand around his cock as he watched us, and Lisa started using both hands to work my ass.  "They aren't going to stop if you beg them to stop.  They aren't going to stop if you just say no, and they're going to call you all sorts of horrific names."

"And you're going to watch them, right?" I murmured, sliding my hands around to her back, embracing her, letting her massage my anxiety into arousal.  "You'll be there?"

"Baby, I'll be directing them to all your sensitive spots," she whispered wickedly, then nipped my earlobe.  That got a little yelp out of me, and I heard Dan groan next to us.  We both broke into uncontrolled giggles at that, banishing the last of my nerves, and Lisa let go of me.  "She's all yours, Dan.  Don't make her beg before I get down there, 'kay?"

Dan gave Lisa a thumbs-up, and she slipped into the crowd to find some suitable cocks to her taste.  My anxiety began to creep back, but before it could take control, Dan did.  He grabbed my jaw and yanked me towards him.  "So, I have Lisa's little bitch tonight," he muttered into my face.

That's when I let my fantasy self in this scenario took over.  I pushed away from him, taking a few steps back, and he moved to chase me.  The chase! I love the chase part.  See, in my fantasy, the chase is what makes the men who eventually fuck me worthy of the right.  If they can catch me, then force me into submission, they are my rightful...fuckers?  That sounds wrong, but "masters" is also wrong.  They're the Men, I guess.  The Men who have won my body.
