 Every story I write starts with a real woman in my life. Then it drifts into fiction and fantasy. Bottom line, none of this stuff ever happened, but go ahead and believe whatever you want. Hope you enjoy.

Scotty

*****

"Mister Scott, you have a minute? All the swimmers are gone, it's 10:15 and we're all wrapping up our shift." 

The lifeguard poked her head around the corner after tapping meekly on my door.

I sighed, too tired to smile. "Please, Becca, just call me Scotty."

I'm not a boss who wants to be everyone's buddy. Let the crew do whatever they want, and you'll lose their respect. But I'm not one to stand on ceremony when there's work to be done. So it's first names and let's just get at the job. 

Becca pulled the door open and stepped inside, pushing her brown bangs out of her eyes. She was maybe 25, with that shag haircut that was big stuff in the 70's. Here she was rocking it forty years later. Maybe her hair salon was working from an old picture of her mom.

God, what was I doing there so late? The clock on the wall said I'd lost track of time, drafting this bullshit report for the next day's meeting with my punkass boss at the parks office. 

I tried to look interested, but really didn't want any interruptions. There was a cold beer waiting five minutes away at Henry's Pub. 

I looked her over. "Guess you must have clocked out already, Beck. That's the same outfit you wore for your interview."

"This ol' thing?" She winked and glanced down at her cleavage, tempting and shadowy under a clingy top. She smoothed the little miniskirt, curling her fingertips around the hem like there was a surprise underneath. "That was like, what? A year ago? Glad you remember."

"Well... just saying, you might get a few boys wanting a special rescue if you look like that on the pool deck."

Those boys. They knew she was already hot in her uniform crop top and red booty shorts, tanned runner's legs, round little butt and perky boobs filling it all just right...

"That's a nice thing to say, Scotty. But I want to talk about my work schedule. I still don't think Mary likes me. She keeps giving me these late night shifts, and weekends. That nerdy Sarah gets all the day shifts. It sucks."

I tried to hide my eye-roll. A good boss listens and validates. But I could not stand the neverending damn chick-fights and girl drama on this staff. They were grown-ass women but I swore the constant angst would kill me one day.

I tapped my pencil on the desk and gave her my best stern face. "Becca, really, we've gone over this. Mary is your supervisor, and she sets the schedule. There's nothing I can, um -"

Becca brought me up short when she sat down across from me. 

"Y'see Scotty, this isn't exactly what I wore for the interview. I had panties on that day." 

She parted her knees for a second before crossing her legs. Faint tufts of pubic hair ringed a puffy pair of lips. Sharon Stone in Basic Instinct, only hotter. This was no movie. My cock jumped immediately. 

"Can I convince you some other way?" she asked, eyes smoldering, fingers toying again with the hem of the skirt.

If she was offering, I could take her, right there, from behind, no foreplay, skirt flipped up over that amazing ass, face down bent over the desk. But I knew the rules. 

"Becca," I went back to my gruff boss voice. "If that's what you want, we can't do it here. And if that's what you want, it has nothing to do with Mary and the work schedule she gives you. But if that's what you want... well... you better make damn sure that's what you want. Do you get it?" 

Her eyes dropped, a little pout on her full red lips.

"Yes, Sir." She uncrossed her legs and paused before she stood up. Tan lines outlined the ivory skin around her crotch. "Oooh, I almost forgot. Kelsey and Monique need a hand, um, cleaning up in the locker room. Kelsey can't quite finish, even with Monique's help."

I rolled my eyes again, and this time I didn't even hide it. 

"Maybe I wasn't clear, Becca. I won't get into this drama. You guys need to get your work done, clock out and go home."

Then I thought for a second about those two in the locker room. What help could they need from me?

Monique, sweet, kind, gentle Monique. A tall, curvy, natural blonde in a simple ponytail, early twenties, clearly lesbian. With wondrous eyes like every day was a new adventure. At least we understood each other. There was never a hint or undercurrent between us. But she appreciated me for backing up her stop signs, the ones she had to keep putting up for the douchebags on the pool deck who just couldn't stop harassing her. I'd escorted at least a half dozen of those punks right out of the building.

Kelsey, wiry, fiery, just eighteen, and who knew what her natural color might be, she went all glowy platinum with the straight silky shiny flaxen waxen all the way down to her butt. One thing for sure, since her boyfriend dumped her, or maybe he ran screaming into the night, whatever, it was five months ago and she was a wreck, a little more fierce, more wound-up every day. Like she was missing something. Which of course she was. A cock. Desperation for it burned in her eye. I'd seen that look before, in a sci-fi about a predatory sex monster who ate her mates. 

"But, Scotty, I'm not sure they can finish without some help, I mean... preferably your help."

"Can we make this quick, Becca? I really need to wrap up this report and get out of here." I stood up, forgetting a couple things - I forgot how long I'd been sitting there getting sore muscles, so I stretched - and I forgot my hard cock was straining against my jeans.

"Hmmm," Becca smiled, looking right at it as I made a lame effort to cover up. "Don't worry, I think you'll like helping."

She took my hand, a little urgency in her pace toward the women's locker room.

Two voices echoed behind the door as it swung open to my push. One sharp and pleading, one low and mellow.

"What the hell's going on in there, Becca?" I turned to leave. 

Becca blocked my path. She pressed against me. 

"Go on in," she whispered, a hand on the small of my back as I spun back around. 

I turned the corner and froze in my tracks. I'd only seen this stuff in porn. On the locker room bench, Monique lay on her back, hair spilling to the concrete floor, knees splayed wide to either side, feet flat on the floor as she arched in pleasure. At least I thought it was Monique, since I couldn't see much of her with Kelsey's naked body face down on top, tongue lapping at Monique's crotch. 

It was Kelsey making all the noise, hips flailing desperately on Monique's face as Monique wrapped her hands around Kelsey's butt cheeks and tried to maintain contact with her tongue. 

"Oh fuck, Monique, here I go again, oh my god you keep getting me so close... oooohhhhhh SHIT! I just can't cum, it's been so long, months, I just can't, not without a cock..."

Between screams, she slipped her tongue into Monique's puffy lips, bringing a little satisfied moan from the woman beneath her. 

I had no idea if this was real or staged - or a dream? - or whether I'd been there thirty seconds or thirty minutes. All I knew was my cock was about to break in half, or rip my pants trying to get out. Becca stepped up next to me. 

"Pretty hot? You think it's hot?" Her palm slipped over my jeans, making me gasp in pleasure. "Yeah, I'd say you think it's hot. You see what I mean about Kelsey needing, you know, a little help finishing?" I nodded, unable to reply as she kept talking. "Sooo... you like pussy, Monique likes pussy. You have that in common, don't you?"

Becca dropped to her knees. 

"I'm a little more like Kelsey. I'm OK either way, but I'm partial to cock."

With that, she undid my belt and yanked my pants down. 

"Oh yeah, I knew you had something good in here, Scotty," she breathed up at me. Before I could react, she grabbed my swollen shaft and shoved it between her lips. 

That beer at Henry's was going to have to wait. 

I had to remember to breathe. It came in croaks, ragged jerks of my chest, and groans of pleasure. Warm, wet, Becca's mouth took me as far as she could. It didn't even matter that she couldn't do my full eight inches down her throat. I was in heaven. 

"Awwwww, God, Becca..."

I looked down into her eyes and didn't see the pouty little girl. I saw a woman ready to devour me. I watched as she pulled the miniskirt up and slipped her fingers between her legs. 

With a loving last lick, she freed my cock. I reached to guide her back to me, but she ducked and held my pants on the floor so I could step out. 

"I'd say Kelsey needs you more than I do, Scotty. But save me a little. I can only get so much from this finger. Here's a little sample of what's waiting for you." She stood, more than a foot shorter than I was, and offered her juicy finger to my lips. 

Salty, tangy, musky. 

"Oh yeah? What if I want you right now?" I couldn't resist reaching under that skirt, grabbing her smooth curvy cheeks, and lifting her into my arms. She growled in my ear, bare legs wrapping around my back. Our lips met, tongues wrestling, until her eyes sprang open as I backed her against the wall and rubbed my cock up and down her pussy lips, collecting lube and pausing with the head halfway in. All I had to do was let her go and she'd slip right over me, wrapping my cock in her drizzling heat. 

Behind me, Kelsey crescendoed again, still begging Monique to find some way to finish her. I wasn't sure if she even knew or cared that Becca and I were there. 

"No!" Becca whispered. "Not yet! I'll be right here waiting but you gotta do her first!"

I lowered Becca to the ground and turned, rigid cock cutting an arc like a saber. Monique could see me now, and she smiled. With one hand she crooked a finger and motioned me closer. Her other hand was busy, two fingers buried in Kelsey's pussy, thumb strumming her clit. From the angle - and Kelsey's reaction - she was right on the g-spot. 

"God - oh yes - sooo - close - soooo - fucking - good - NO! Don't stop!"

I straddled Monique's head on the bench as she pulled her hand away. Monique grabbed my cock and aimed it as my strong callused hands wrapped around Kelsey's hips. 

Kelsey craned her head around in shock to see me standing between her legs.

"Mister Sco- ahhhhhhfuuuuuuuuck that's it!" Kelsey screamed as the head passed her dripping lips. I bottomed out on the first stroke. I'd never felt a pussy so hot. She was burning up after all that stimulation with no orgasm. 

By the third stroke, Kelsey was bucking, writhing, spasming out of control. Her screams echoed around the concrete walls of the locker room, her hands gripped the bench for support. Monique's pussy forgotten, Kelsey tried to lift her head up but I bent her back over so I could keep pounding her. Finally, after just one wild minute, she quit breathing, went rigid except for her still-gyrating hips on my cock, sucked in a huge breath, and held it with a little "eeeeeeeeee" squeaking out of her lips. She collapsed on top of Monique, falling off my cock in the process. 

I stepped away from the bench. Monique still had that same mellow smile, even now, under Kelsey's weight. 

"Mmmm, Mister Scott, that was so hot."

"Monique, please just call me - "

"What if I say, 'Mister Scott, I stopped counting after five orgasms on Kelsey's tongue?'" Would you correct me if I insisted on saying it that way?"

"Uh... "

"And what if I said, Mister Scott, Sir, would you move Kelsey off of me please, and put your cock in me? I'm just lying here trying to imagine what it's like. If I said that to you, would you make me call you Scotty or would you just come over here and fuck me?"

If my cock thought its work was done, the idea of fucking this sweet lesbian, lying there after a half dozen orgasms already, with her insane long legs and perfect tits, blonde locks, wondering eyes, just asking me nicely to please fuck her... well, my loyal warrior was as hard as ever in a second. 

I lifted Kelsey's still-limp body as Becca - remember Becca? - approached with a huge, soft towel.

"Kelsey, honey, take a break. Then maybe you need a shower," Becca cooed. "And as for you, Mister Scott, go ahead and warm it inside that gorgeous woman. But save the finish for me."

"Awww, god, he's gonna do all three of us? Do you even know how good that was? Ohhhh, fuck, it was-" Kelsey babbled, still in a haze. Becca helped her sit on the floor against the wall, towel under her, as I turned back to Monique. She had stood, stretching after being pinned beneath her lover.

"How do you want it, Monique?"

"Well now. Mister Scott, shouldn't you be in control here? You're the boss and all that."

"Fine. You're on top."

I laid back on the bench and she moved immediately to mount me. 

I held up a hand to slow her down. "Wait a second, not so fast. You want the full effect, you need to taste me first."

Her eyes got round, a cute little "O" on her lips. 

"Mister Scott, I might get bruises on my knees."

I was learning Monique's game. She wanted me to be in charge? Fine. 

"Do it now, Monique, or I'm just going to go fuck Becca senseless over there and you'll still be sitting here wondering what it's like."

She knelt, bent her head, and licked the underside of my shaft from balls to crown. She didn't waste time with little pecks and kisses. She just engulfed the head and slid at least half my length straight into her wet mouth. Even her teeth felt soft, like an extra set of lips. 

"Mmmmmmm... That is exquisite, Monique. What did you do? Watch a training video?"

"I'll answer a question with a question. Do all cocks taste like pussy? I could get used to that!"

I laughed and wrapped a hand behind her head, gently pulling her up to my face for a kiss. She stood, stepping over the bench to straddle me, and looked down at me over the most amazing set of breasts I'd ever seen. Round and symmetrical at the base, more than a handful even for me, with a little sag at the tips that caused her nipples to turn up. 

I took her hands, pulling gently as she came down to me. Her dripping pussy lips rubbed against my cock and pressed it up flat on my abs. Sitting tall on me, she tipped her head back and moaned at the ceiling, stroking me with her hips. 

"Oh yes... I never knew... how... good... a cock... mmmmmm..." And I wasn't even inside her yet. 

"Jeez, Monique, is this your first time?"

She leaned forward, a gentle finger on my lips. 

"Long story, Mister Scott, but no. I've had a cock in me, if that's what you mean. Let's just say I've never had it good. Can we leave it at that?"

"Well, I dont-"

"Hush." 

A motion caught my eye and I turned my head to see Becca, sitting against the wall next to Kelsey. The little miniskirt and sexy top were gone, and both girls sat with knees apart and fingers gently rubbing their pussies. It somehow registered that Kelsey was a natural redhead. As I watched, they turned to each other and kissed in a molten mix of tongues and lips and moans and sighs. 

"Mister Scott, please pay attention. Would you fuck me now please?"

Monique bent forward and lifted her hips, her boobs falling toward my face. As she reached for my cock, poising it to enter her, I swatted her ass and took a nipple between my teeth. 

"Ow!" she yelped, too late to keep from impaling herself partway down my rigid member. 

I reached up to take her cheeks in my hands.

"Monique, honey..." 

I thrust gently. She was soaked, but tight like a vise. 

"...I'm the boss, remember?"

I pushed again, this time with her help from on top. She was getting into it. 

"Ahhh... Mister Scott... you're gonna make me jump the fence... ohhhh... "

"What, and deprive a lovely lesbian somewhere of a lover like you? I wouldn't dream of it." That was a straight-up lie. I'd be dreaming of this for a damn long time. 

With her feet astride the bench, Monique had plenty of leverage. She tried every angle, just to satisfy her curiosity. She pressed her lovely breasts down to my chest, moaned sweetly into my neck, and kissed me like she'd never stop. She lifted up a little so I could suck her tender nipples. She loved that one, but the position that finally drove her over the edge, leaning back with her hands on my knees, sent my cock driving straight up into the front edge of her tunnel and dragged it over and over across her g-spot. By then we'd been at it a good twenty minutes. 

The buildup was nothing like Kelsey. Monique just got more urgent, with her speed and her quiet humming moans, until she looked down and said, "Ohhhh, Mister Scott, I'm gonna cum..." and finally flopped back onto me, flushed and out of breath. We shared a last long gentle kiss before she pulled off of me. 

"Thank you, Mister Scott. I do love my job."

"My pleasure, Monique. And I mean that literally." 

Speaking of pleasure, the room filled with loving sounds again. Kelsey and Becca had spread out the plush towel and were locked in a mess of legs and arms. Becca opened her eyes, saw me, and jumped up, leaving Kelsey to lie back alone with her fingers between her legs. 

Becca stared at my still-rigid cock. "What, Scotty, still no cum? You've worked that thing pretty hard tonight. Maybe I should see what I can do about that."

"Standing there talking about it won't get anything done, Becca. Get over here."

"Well yes Sir," she smirked, stepping across the room, ignoring the hand I offered her and straddling my face. She pushed her steamy pussy down on my lips, a few downy strands of hair slipping wet and tangy onto my tongue. 

"Ohhhhh, yeah," Becca moaned as I let her rub her lips across my open mouth. I pulled them in, one at a time, and sucked. "God, Scotty, yeah, do me. Aw, fuck... you do this with your mouth, what're you gonna do to me with that huge cock?"

She was going to have to wait to find out. I couldn't see who it was but assumed it was Kelsey wrapping her mouth around my cock. Kelsey who maybe felt guilty for just using me as her fuck machine. I wasn't complaining. The wetness worked its way down my shaft, inch by inch, tongue swirling on the massive vein on the underside, my head finding its way down her throat, swallow muscles clenching, releasing, pulling me all the way in. God, I'd never felt anything like it. I could hear her whimpering as she worked her lips around the base of my cock, backed off, got a breath, and did it all over again. 

I wasn't going to last forever this way.

On top of me, Becca was humping my face and getting louder. I tried to hold her still, tongue running up her slit, circling around the pink, protruding clit. 

Becca finally screamed when I pulled her clit between my lips and up against my teeth, and sucked on it like I was giving it a hickey. 

"Ahhhhh fuck! What are you doing to me? Oh... my... gaaawwwwd!"

Her orgasm went on and on, but my only worry was, whoever was sucking my cock was about to get me off too and suck all the cum out of me before Becca could get her fucking. I lifted Becca, tan lines and all, off my face and set her on my chest. My mystery cocksucker had to move when Becca slid back into her and pushed her away... and Monique peeked out from behind Becca's back!

"It wasn't me, Mister Scott. I was just watching Kelsey. Admiring her technique, in case I ever, umm, y'know."

Kelsey appeared too, and took a bow. 

"That's some talent, Kelsey."

"Well, Mister Scott, it's the least I could do. My first cock in months. I owed you."

"Back up, bitches, my turn." Becca wouldn't wait any longer. 

But I held her down against my abs. 

"Not yet. We're gonna finish the way we started."

I wrapped my hands around her ass, sat up, and lifted her petite body as I stood upright. Her eyes filled with the same crazy lust I'd seen earlier as she realized what was happening. Arms around my neck, legs wrapped around my back, we needed no hand to guide her pussy or my cock as we finally slipped together. 
