 Authors note:- This is a follow on to the previous chapters of Becca Xxx. Please read them before reading this or you will not understand the plot or characters. 

***** 

We had been at tier three for almost four weeks. The amount of money we'd earnt was obscene. I only hoped we actually got to see it. The more time I spent undercover as a hooker, the more I got taken in by it all. It was a glamourous lifestyle with our every wish catered for, except for our freedom. We were showered with gifts and clothes. We never had to spend a penny, everything was paid for by the brothel or the clientele. 

I kept track of how much money I'd earnt and it added up to forty eight thousand pounds. I'd sold my body to ninety six different people and every experience had been different. I had a couple of regulars and I worked six nights a week. On my day off I would spend time with Tammy and she would teach me more about tantra and the esoteric side of the body. I had never been so in touch with my own feelings, emotions and senses in my life. She was extremely knowledgeable and I loved spending time with her. We kept our relationship a secret, for fear of being split up and would only see each other for sex once a week. Even Aggie didn't know about our relationship. 

Tammy had earnt a lot more money than me and Aggie was a close third. We had become friends with some of the other girls at G-Spot Deluxe. A girl called Chloe and another called Sara had joined our clique, but they were not as close as the three of us. 

Sara was a natural blonde and was petite and cute. She had huge eyes and looked about eighteen despite being twenty four. She swore all the time and her language was worse than mine and that was saying something. She specialised in age play and was usually dressed as a school girl in the shortest skirt possible, complete with pig tails and white virgin panties. She pulled the image off perfectly, especially with her long white socks, white blouse and school tie, loosely tied around her neck like a rebellious teenager. We got on really well and she loved to play the innocent with her clients and pretend like she'd never had sex before. She often got put over peoples knees and spanked for being a naughty girl and swearing. I liked her a lot and she was great fun to be around. 

Chloe was dark haired like me, but hers was cropped short and spikey. She looked like a rock chick and often wore clothing to match. She was into piercings and her nipples and clit were pierced as were her inner labia. She loved anal play and her party piece was to insert six golf balls in her ass and push them back out while she was fucked in the pussy. She said it was a truly magical feeling. I could see the attraction of feeling full and although I could fit a golf ball in my ass, I thought six of them might be too much. 

We'd all been at G-Spot Deluxe for a similar amount of time and would often get new photo shoots done together for our menu profiles. It would be playful and fun to watch each other posing, trying to out do on another with outrageous poses. The time had passed quickly for us all and some days I would forget what I was really there for. All of our ratings were good and I could see us moving to tier four very soon. 

We didn't have to wait long. 

**** 

We were sitting in the lounge area and Aggie was telling us about her previous night's client. 

"He told me he couldn't cum unless I sat on his face, bare assed and flicked his balls with the end of my cane while I jerked him off," she laughed. 

"Fucking freaky cunt!" cursed Sara, swearing as usual. 

"I tossed him off for about ten minutes and forgot I was sitting on his face. The poor fucker nearly suffocated," she continued. 

We laughed at her story telling. She always made it sound funny. 

"I'm serious," she said. "He was gasping for breath when I got off his face. It seemed to trigger him off and as I was asking him if he was ok, his cock started spurting like a fountain all by itself." 

Chloe was holding her sides she was laughing so much. 

"I thought I'd get a bad review from the guy, but he said it was the best he'd ever had. He's coming back next week for another go," she continued, her face dead pan. 

"You should smother him with your tits next time. They're bigger than you ass," I joked. 

"No. He says its my ass or nothing. Maybe he likes the smell or something. He was a weird guy." 

"Some men love the smell of pussy and some like the smell of ass," said Chloe. "I once had a guy who loved to stick his nose right into my butt hole and just sniff it while he wanked himself off. I didn't even need to do anything. That was the easiest thirty pounds I'd ever made." 

We all laughed again just as Patrick came in. He was the manager of G-Spot Deluxe. 

He waited for us to calm down and then addressed us as a group. 

"Ah excellent. You're all together, my feisty five. Can I see you all in my office please?" he said politely. 

"Yes Patrick, of course," said Tammy. 

We all followed along behind him still giggling about Aggie and Chloe's stories. We sat on a large sofa that wasn't big enough for us all, so Tammy and Sara sat on the arms of the sofa. 

"Right girls. You've all been here for about four weeks and I have a surprise for you. How would you like to have a trip out?" announced Patrick. 

I couldn't believe my ears. I hadn't been outside in over a month. 

"What? Where to?" asked Aggie, sounding surprised. 

"To the bank to see your money and set up your access details," he added. 

I was in shock. I thought the money was all a ploy to get us to work harder. My understanding was that once we got to tier four we would be shipped abroad. My plan was to find out where and find out who was responsible and then bring them to justice. The other girls didn't know this of course. They thought it was a legitimate business and that they'd all leave after tier four and collect their money. 

"You're letting us out to see our money?" I repeated. 

"Yes. We want you to trust us. We cannot move you to tier four if you don't believe that there's money waiting for you. You need to understand we are for real. I understand you had concerns Rebecca. Izzy told me." 

"How do you know we won't escape?" I asked. 

"Why would you? I think there's over forty grand in there for you. Don't you want it?" 

"Yes of course I do." 

"And you'll earn a lot more at tier four," he added. 

"When the fuck do we go to tier fucking four?" swore Sara. 

She really was a potty mouth. 

"One step at a time girls. Go with Tony this afternoon to the bank. You will be shown to your relative safety deposit boxes and will need to register your finger prints. Your finger print will be all the identification you need in future to access the box once you leave tier four. Once you're all happy we can move all five of you to tier four." 

"Holy fucking shit," said Sara, excitably. 

"Make sure you wear something appropriate girls. It is a bank you're going to after all, not a jacuzzi party," he said in a matter of fact tone. 

We all left in a state of euphoria, but I had concerns. 

Why would they show us the money? 

Was this really happening? 

Did tier five and freedom really exist or was it all part of their plan? 

I faked my excitement with the others and was snapped back to the reality of why I was really there. I had a job to do and I was about to get one step closer. The girls were happy to be moving to tier four for ten thousand pounds a fuck and looking forward to leaving very wealthy women at tier five. They didn't know what I knew, that tier five meant they'd be shipped abroad to who knows what. 

We all went down the dressing room. Wearing our lounge wear wasn't going to be appropriate for a bank. I picked out a pencil skirt and matching jacket. The skirt had a split up the leg, but still passed as formal attire. I felt a little conservative so I went panty-less to spice things up a bit. I always loved the breeze blowing up my skirt. Aggie didn't need to look far, she dressed in her usual school mistress outfit, minus the cane of course. Tammy wore a trouser suit and looked as elegant as always. Chloe and Sara both wore dress suits with white blouses and looked more like flight attendants than business people. It would have to do. 

I showered and thought of my next move. I was going to verify that the money existed and that I was the only one who would have access to it and then get to tier four and find Dee. Whoever she was. 

**** 

Tony looked as emotionless as always, sitting in the drivers seat of a black minibus. I walked over to the window and he powered it down. It reminded me of the first time he turned me down in the dogging car park all those weeks ago. 

"Good afternoon Rebecca," he said. 

"Hi yourself. How are you?" 

"I'm just fine and dandy," he said sarcastically. 

"You don't sound it. What's wrong isn't the wife giving you enough pussy?" 

"I'm not married," he replied. 

"Good news for the rest of us then. I'll give you a freebie anytime you want," I winked at him. 

"Are you going to behave? They're putting their trust in you Rebecca. Don't act up or they'll send you back to tier one." 

"Me?" Never Tony. I don't know what you mean," I said looking innocent. 

"Just get in and lets go," he said losing his patience with me. 

We all took our seats in the minibus and there was an excited vibe in the air. We looked like a group of odd looking business women going to an important meeting. 

Tony told us that the bank was thirty minutes' drive and we chatted quietly , trying not to annoy him too much. My mind was still racing and trying to figure out if this was all for real or just a show. From their point of view it would boost our morale with the thought of finally being released and collecting a large wad of cash to start a new life. I still couldn't figure out why they paid us so much. I knew they got half of the earnings, but why charge so much? Maybe a rich guy with an erect cock had nothing better to spend his money on. I also wondered what the brothels did with the money. They must have millions of pounds just sitting around somewhere. Where that was, was still a mystery to me. How were they not being interrogated by the police or the tax office or the government? Surely someone must know what they were up to. 

I then thought of my own dilemma. I had forty grand in a safety deposit box which I was about to see for the first time. Maybe if I ever got out of this assignment I would keep quiet about the money and keep it for a rainy day. 

After half an hour Tony pulled the minibus into the car park and found a space near the bank entrance. We all got out trying to look like professional people rather that a bunch of well-paid prostitutes. It felt wonderful to breath cool fresh air and just to be outside with a wind up my skirt. 

"Follow me and be sensible," he ordered. 

We obeyed and followed him into the "Grand International Bank". It was written in huge letters on the glass and steel building. Inside was ultra-modern and we followed Tony through to a private waiting room. I was on guard for anything suspicious, but everything seemed like a normal bank. 

We all took a seat and sat in silence. After less than a minute a young banker arrived and called out the first name. 

"Rebecca Jones," he announced. 

No-one moved. 

I suddenly realised it was me under my false name and got up immediately. 

"Sorry, I was miles away," I lied, trying to make it look like I hadn't heard him. 

Tony looked at me with suspicious eyes. 

Shit. Switch on Becca and get your head straight! I said to myself. 

I followed the guy down a corridor and down a flight of stairs. This had all been pre-arranged and security was tight. We stopped at a door and went inside. I confirmed my fake date of birth and hoped my cover story was water tight. He took my finger prints and entered my details into a computer and then lead me back out to the vault. The huge metal door was already open and I followed him in. 

"You are box number one eight one two," he said pointing to the huge row of metallic looking lockers. 

He put a key in the key hole and gestured for me to put my finger on the reader. I put my index finger on the pad and there was a click. He nodded gently removed the box and put it on the table. 

"Slide the box back in when you're done Miss Jones. Only you and you alone can empty this box," he left the room. 

I was alone. I lifted the lid on my box and found it full of money. I did a very approximate count and it seemed to be at least forty eight thousand pounds. I couldn't believe it. I shut the lid and stood in shock for a while trying to figure things out. My brain went to mush. It wasn't sinking in so I just slid the box back in with a click and left the room. 

The banker was waiting for me and I followed him back up to the waiting room. 

The other four girls had the same treatment under Tony's watchful eye. We sat in silence until we were all done and we walked back to the minibus. 

Was this a set up? 

Was the money really ours or was it just a show to gain our trust? 

There was no way of knowing so I just stuck to my plan and hoped for more information at tier four. I was very excited and so were the others. There was an air of disbelief in the minibus and we didn't talk much. I don't think any of us could believe it. 

As we drove back I realised we were going in a different direction. We weren't going back to G-Spot Deluxe. 

"This isn't the way we came in," I said to Tony. 

"We're not going to G-Spot Deluxe." 

"Where are you taking us then?" 

"Tier four. G-Spot Exclusive," he announced. "Its another ninety minutes away." 

We all murmured in the back. Tier four was less than a couple of hours away. 

"I've heard its like a luxury spa and hotel," said Chloe to the other girls. 

"Who the fuck told you that?" asked Sara. 

"One of the other girls." 

"Sounds like bullshit to me," Sara spat. 

"It's true," said Tony. "and you're all working tonight as a group. It's all been pre-arranged." 

"What?" we all asked. 

"You'll see when we get there. No more questions," he cut us dead. 

We all sat there quietly, each lost in our own thoughts as we left the big city and headed through small villages into the countryside. 

After an hour and a half we arrived at a gatehouse and driveway with a barrier. The two security guards at the barrier came out to check who we were. Beyond the barrier I could see a tree lined road, maybe a mile long. There was a large wall either side of the tree line almost like a tunnel with the over hanging branches. This place was secluded and invisible from the road, no wonder it was called Exclusive. You wouldn't even know it was there unless you were invited. 

The security guards spoke to Tony and the barrier was raised and we drove down the long driveway. I noticed security camera's on the walls. Either they didn't want any uninvited guests or they didn't want us to leave. I guessed it was both. At the end of the driveway there was more security and a huge old country mansion which looked like it had been converted into a hotel. It was beyond five star. The minibus pulled up and the door was slid open for us by a guy in a suit and sunglasses. 

"Welcome to G-Spot Exclusive ladies. I hope you enjoy your stay," he said, helping us out of the minibus. 

Tony didn't bat an eye. He'd obviously seen it all before. We followed into a huge foyer, filled with glass and marble. The check in desk was front and centre. The building was laid out in a T shape. 

"Gym, spa, entertainment, bars and restaurants are straight ahead. Guest accommodation is to the left and staff accommodation is to the right. Get a key from reception and head right, you're staff in case you were wondering," said Tony, with a little distain in his voice. 

We stood open mouthed, when a young woman in a business suit arrived and addressed us all. 

"Welcome girls. My name is Cynthia and I am the manageress of this prestigious establishment," she was very well spoken and direct. 

"I know this is probably more than you're used to, but it will be your home for as long as you work here," she continued. 

Condescending bitch didn't know about my million pound penthouse suite. I thought. 

"All your expenses are paid for and there is a similar system in place as with G-Spot Deluxe. No money changes hands, that's a little tacky and we a lot more up market." 

We collected our key cards from reception as Cynthia spoke quietly to Tony. He nodded in my direction and made sure I couldn't hear what they were saying. Cynthia gave me a once over, nodded and Tony left the building. I wondered if they were onto me. I had reacted badly when my fake name had been called out at the bank and I knew Tony had picked up on it. It was a rookie error on my part and I hoped I was just being paranoid again. 

We went to the right and through to the staff accommodation. Cynthia led the way explaining things as she went. 

She told us that the guest and staff accommodation were identical, but were kept separate for obvious reasons. There were no brothel suites anymore. The whole hotel was to be used like any normal hotel. If we got picked and paid for we would spend the night with a client acting as their girlfriend, wife or what ever twisted scenario they wanted. We would stay in their room and they were not permitted into ours. We were free to roam around the hotel and use all its facilities during the day, but we worked at night. 

Basically we were hotel guests who fucked on the first date as a sure thing. The clientele were extremely wealthy and powerful and didn't have time to form meaningful relationships. It was easier for them to come here and play whatever part they wanted. Fucking your personal assistant, pretending to have a wife, daddy-daughter role play, rape fantasy, gang-bangs and pretty much everything in between. I guessed if you were paying ten thousand pounds to fuck someone, you could pretty much do what you wanted. 

Our rooms were unbelievable. They were like something from the movies. Large rooms, huge beds, plush furniture and shiny modern bathrooms. Our wardrobes were filled with expensive clothing and underwear which somehow suited our tastes. I guessed the information about our preferences had been passed up the tiers ready for the final one. We felt like royalty. This tier made the most money for this crime syndicate and it was easy to see where it was being spent. 

Each room was identical and we were all housed next to each other. On each of our beds was an outfit wrapped in clear plastic. A cheerleaders outfit. 

Cynthia addressed all again in Aggies room. 

"You are all working tonight girls and we have a specific task for you. You will be the main attraction in the presidential suite and will perform whatever act they ask of you," she said. 

"They?" asked Chloe. 

"Yes. The suite has been hired out to a football team. They are important guests and spend a lot of money here. They are celebrating a win and want to get their rocks off with some beautiful girls. We've heard good things about all of you and I know you won't disappoint them." 

"We're footballers gang bang sluts then. Is that what they fucking want?" asked Sara. 

"That's one way to put it. Yes," she replied. 

"How much are they paying?" asked Aggie." How many of them are there?" 

"Well they should pay ten thousand each and theirs twenty three of them. We gave them a discount for group booking, so it comes to two hundred thousand. Their football club is footing the bill. You get half between you," she said, as though it was nothing. 
