 I arrived home from class excited about my night out with friends. It had been a while since I had a Friday night off work without having to be at work early the next morning and I had every intention of partying all night. Dinner with the girls and dancing the night away at the club. 

But when I entered my bedroom and saw what was laying on my bed, I knew my girls night out, was out. Some clothing was very neatly placed at the foot of my bed with an envelope adorned with one word: "Pet".

I opened the envelope and removed the note. 

"Be ready at 8:00"

It was signed "Sir".

My heart was racing. Anytime that Sir left me such instructions, I was in store for an evening that I would certainly never forget.

I inspected the clothing left for me and immediately became excited. It was a white button down shirt, a plaid skirt, simple white cotton bra, bobby socks, and a pair of black and white oxfords on the floor. A school girl uniform. 

Beside this on the bed was a small makeup case with some blush, eye liner, red lipstick and matching nail polish. 

It was only 3:45 so I had plenty of time to get ready but my mind was racing wondering what was in store for me. I wanted to please Sir and make him proud of me, but the anticipation was almost unbearable. 

I called my friend and backed out of our plans, stating some plausible excuse. Sir and I have certain scheduled days a week when we play, but plans do NOT interfere with His surprise events. He is very good to me and I cannot deny Him. 

I went to the bathroom and began getting ready by running a bath and shaving. Sir likes me smooth so I spend extra time getting everything to his liking. After bathing with Sir's favorite soaps and shampoo, I dry my hair and style it now I think he would want it, given my outfit. He loves to play off of our age difference; being that he is more than twice my age, he loves accenting my youthful appearance. Since I know He is going for the school girl look, I consider pig tails, but this screams elementary school, so I decide to go with a single pony tail tied with a red ribbon. 

Still wrapped in my towel, I get my new nail polish and go to the couch. I watch a sitcom rerun as I paint my finger nails and toe nails and let them dry. After this, I return to my room and grab my clothes on the way to the bathroom. I take the tag off of the bra an put it on. It's a cute little thing that reminds me of some of my first training bras years ago, only with larger cups. I dig through the clothes and return to my bed looking for my panties, but there are none. This would indicate that Sir wishes for me to go without. I put on the skirt and am shocked at how short it is. It is pleated like a traditional school uniform but is several inches shorter than any I wore in high school barely a year ago. It covers me but sitting and bending over will be interesting.

Next, I begin my makeup in the bathroom. Sir has included no powder or base and I know that he wants me to emphasize my natural complexion and not hide it. I applied the eye liner followed by a light application of blush; just enough to accentuate my cheeks. Finally, I finished up with the lipstick. Looking in the mirror at myself, I felt that Sir would be pleased. I took my shirt off the hanger and put it on and buttoned it. It was snug but not tight and accentuated my small waist and ample breasts. My bra was slightly visible at certain angles and lighting. He had me dressed to tease. 

It was now 7:45 and I began wrapping up getting ready for Sir's arrival. I had noticed a small pocket on the skirt, just large enough for a credit card or ID. I placed my ID in it even though I'm not old enough to drink and would likely not need it and headed for the living room. As an after thought, I grabbed the new lipstick and put it in the pocket with my ID, for touch up. I get the feeling the bright red lips will be a feature Sir will focus on. 

As I entered the living room, there was a knock at the door. I peeked through the peep hole and confirmed it was Sir, early as usual. I opened the door and invited him in. 

"You look lovely." He says with a grin. 

"Thank you, Sir." I reply modestly. 

"Ready of go?"

"Yes, Sir."

With this brief exchange, he ushers me out the door and locks it behind us. He opens my car door and admires me hungrily as I climb in. He drives us to a popular local night club. With me on his arm, we enter the club and are met with many curious stares of those interested in what our story is. A well dressed, good looking older gentleman with a school girl on his arm. We have a seat at a table and he orders us drinks. He thinks its cute to order a beer for himself and a Shirley Temple for me. My clothes, though not that out of place, continue to attract stares from the club patrons because of the suggestiveness of them given my chaperone. After I finish my drink, Sir encourages me to go dance. He is not one for dancing, but he insists that I go have fun. Walking out on the dance floor with my friends, in clothing that I am comfortable with, is one thing. But going out alone dressed as I am with everyone already eyeing me, is nerve wracking. 

I feel awkward and clumsy dancing at first, but most of the other dancers pay little attention to me and before long, guys start making their way toward me. Most dance with me a moment or two and get an eyeful, others try to get closer. Before I know it, one guy is behind me, gyrating is pelvis against me and reaching around running his hands down the front of my shirt to my waist and around the sides to hold my hips. I look at Sir, who as been watching me the whole time, but he merely nods and grins slightly. I know this means that he is pleased with me and wishes me to continue as I am going. The guy behind me takes my inaction as approval of his advances and proceeds. He works his hands back around to my stomach and holds me against him as he begins very a sexually provocative thrusting motion behind me. He soon pulls one hand behind me and pushes me face forward, to where I am standing in a bent over position, continuing to thrust against my ass. I place my hands on my knees to steady myself as he runs his hands up my thighs lifting my skirt as he does. I have noticed people around us watching and my heart stops, knowing that they are all about to be fully aware that I am wearing no panties. I glance at Sir, who only continues to watch, sipping his beer. Several other guys around me, emboldened by the one guy's advances, decide to chance copping a feel too and move in on me. Before long, I am being passed back and forth from guy to guy on the dance floor. Some grab me close, grinding their obviously hard cocks against me through their pants. Some fondle my breasts, some slide their hands under my shirt and rub over my stomach. I had as revolving sea of guys around me feeling and touching. I was pretty much being publicly molested. And then one was brave enough to reach under my skirt and start rubbing my pussy. 

I looked up at Sir, but he was gone, and my heart stopped. I was about to panic when He appeared in the thick of things. I had one guy behind me, grinding, one either side who had taken my hands and had me grabbing their cocks, and the guy in front of me, who had his finger about to press inside my shaved pussy. 

Sir's voice was calm but commanding, "Pardon me gentlemen, I'm afraid it's time we have to be going."

He pulled me off of the dance floor to the protests of the young guys and toward the main door, with me trailing behind him holding his hand like a child being pulled to a private area for punishment. But i knew i was nit being punished; Sir had plans tonight. We had only been here an hour or so though and I was surprised that we were leaving already. 

When we reached the car, he opened my door like the perfect gentleman and paused. He wrapped his arms around me and kissed me quickly on the lips. The tang of beer on his breath and his touch sent my heart racing. 

"Did you have fun, my pet?" he asked. 

"Yes Sir. " I said, flushed with excitement at his show of affection. 

"Good. Then I think our next stop will not disappoint you either."

This this he gestured me into the car and again eyed me as I got in. We rode in silence for a few minutes. We pulled up and parked at a hotel and he walked around and opened my door. We entered the lobby and he went straight toward the elevator. Then he turned and looked at me as we passed the ladies room. 

"You want to freshen up before we go up. " He said. 

It was more statement than question so I replied, "Yes Sir. Thank you."

I didn't know why I would need to freshen up if we were just going to a hotel room. Surely the bathroom in the room would be fine, but I could tell that he wanted me to go here so I did. I took the opportunity to pee and checked my makeup. I was a little hot from dancing but my blush had stayed fairly well so I just reapplied my lipstick and straightened my clothes. 

When I left the restroom, we entered the elevator and Sir pressed the button for the floor and the doors closed. 

I followed Sir down the hall to the room and stood beside him as he used the key card to open the door. I was surprised entering the room, to find it already occupied. There were several black men already there, sitting on the couches of the luxurious suite room, watching a basketball game on TV. 

The three, neatly dressed, men got quiet and turned to see us as we entered and Sir closed the door behind us. The men, each in their late twenties or early thirties, looked like they were expecting us but looked confused as well. 

"Cut that off." Sir commanded, looking at the television. 

After a moment of confusion from being ordered around by a strange man, one of the men made to turn it off but I, accustom to quickly following Sir's commands, was already at the TV pressing the power button. The men turned and eyed me with cautious smiles on their faces. About this time, another black man walked out of the bathroom and spoke to Sir. 

"Hey, man, I was beginning to wonder if you weren't going to show. " the man said. 

"I'm here, just as promised, Jonathan." Sir said to the man. And added gesturing toward me "And so is she."

Jonathan seem, only then, to notice my presence although the other three had not taken their eyes from me. 

"Oh, man, she's even hotter than I imagined."

"Indeed she is." Sir agreed. 

"Come here baby." Jonathan said walking toward me. 

I glanced at Sir, who simply nodded. Walking to the man, I began to wonder what was going on; why had Sir put me in this situation? But I trust him, so I wasn't scared. Jonathan took my hand and turned me around, appraising me. 

"Damn, she is fine." he said as he sat down on one of the sofas and patted his lap. "Come here baby, have a seat." 

Looking to Sir for confirmation, I was given the same affirming nod. I walked slowly to Jonathan and sat as he had directed. He took his large hands and turned my face back and forth looking me over carefully. Then ran his hands down my shirt, across my breasts, down my stomach and slid them down my thighs to the hem of my skirt. 

Sir spoke up then, "Gentlemen, this is my little Becca. I've brought her here to entertain you all. Enjoy her, but do not hurt her." 

Sir was giving me to these men to use. We had talked about things like this but I felt unprepared and anxious at the thought of being used sexually like this my total strangers. 

When Sir had sat back, obviously finished, Jonathan slowly pulled my skirt up and the other three inhaled deeply as he exposed my shaved crotch. He quickly found my soft folds with his large fingers and began to explore. 

"Come on guys. " Jonathan said to the other three, and they converged on me. 

Since Sir and I met and started playing, never had I been with anyone else. And never before had I been with more than one person at a time. Now, I am faced with four large black men. This was altogether exciting and scary. I glanced again at Sir who was now sitting on another couch watching attentively. He gave no indication of instructions so I went with my instincts. 

One of the other men was unzipping his pants now and pulled out a very large cock and stood close to me. 

"Here ya go babe."

Another glance at Sir revealed no objections, so I grabbed the large black cock and stroked it a few times before pulling it into my mouth. It slid past my bright red lips and the man let out a grunting moan of pleasure as I felt his organ begin really engorging in my mouth. 

I felt hands touching my breasts and thighs and Jonathan's hand still rubbing on my clit. Soon, my shirt was being unbuttoned, exposing my bra and stomach. My bra was pushed down exposing my tits and soon I felt lips sucking my right nipple and fingers pinching and twisting my left. The cock in my mouth began to thrust in and out quickly began hitting the back of my throat, gagging me. I pulled back, but hands were suddenly holding my face as he thrust deeper. I tried to relax and take as much as I could, fighting the gag reflex, and took his cock deeper into my throat. Opening my mouth wide, he shortened his thrusts and I could feel the swollen head of his cock in my throat. I tried my best but eventually gagged and thought I was going to throw up. He saw this and pulled back letting me recover. 

He stepped back and there were the other two men, now naked, pulling me to my feet. Jonathan stood and they pulled my shirt off and removed my bra before sitting me back on the couch. One of them stepped up to my right and thrust his cock in my face and I took it, pulling it into my mouth. He wasn't as big as the first one, but was still larger than any cock I'd ever seen in person. As I sucked him, the other man stepped up to my left. I took his cock and began stroking it. The first man who I sucked was now naked and kneeling between my legs, lifting my skirt and spreading my pussy open. I was wet by this point and his large finger had no trouble penetrating me as he leaned over and began licking my clit. I jumped at the sensation and let out a yelp. This amused the men and they all laughed. 

I pulled the cock out of my mouth and turned to the one on my left and began sucking it as I stroked the one on my right. The man between my legs was moving in closer. I felt his skin on my thighs and then the head if is cock against my, now very wet, cunt. He pressed forward slowly until his head had penetrated me and then pushed in deeper. After a few slow strokes, he pushed in all the way and I felt slightly painful sensation I'd never had during sex. He pulled out again and began thrusting in and out in long strokes. I'd never been with such a large man and at first it was uncomfortable, but I soon was able to take him all without any discomfort. I swapped back and forth on the two cocks to my right and left, sucking one and stroking the other. Jonathan was naked by this point and sitting on the couch beside me playing with my tits. 

The man fucking me was getting faster and faster, thrusting his large cock in and out of me. I was suddenly and surprisingly overcome with an orgasm and let out a loud scream of pleasure as the man continued fucking me. 

"God damn! Look at this bitch getting off on my cock!" the man said braggingly. 

All the men laughed and another said "Yeah, man, she's a horny little slut, ain't she?" Which brought another round of laughter. 

Apparently excited by making me cum so quickly, the man fucking me, was nearing orgasm. 

"Move boys!" He said as he pulled out and stood up quickly. 

I realized at this moment that I'd stopped sucking or stroking the two cocks in my hands and that I was actually supporting myself from them. The man trust his cock at my face and as the others stepped back, pulling me up with their cocks, and practically shoved his in my mouth. I grabbed it stroking with both hands as I sucked it in and out, and within seconds he was cumming in my mouth. He came so much I thought I was going to choke on it all, but managed to swallow it down. 

Jonathan was still sitting on the couch beside me, stroking his cock. I was even larger that the last one and I eyed it lustily. 

"You like that slut?" He asked me. 

"Yes sir." I said. 

"You want to suck it for me little girl?" He said teasingly. 

"Yes sir, I do want to suck it for you." I replied obediently and kneeled in front of him grabbing his huge cock with both hands. 

I begin stroking his gorgeous cock slowly and rub it against my face and lips as his erection grew. Pushing it toward his stomach, I leaned down to lick his balls. I sucked one into my mouth and sucked gently, pulling back. He moaned as I let it slide from my mouth and I stared up at him giggling and bit my lip. I don't know why, but I liked Jonathan the best and was enjoying playing with him. He looked at me and told me not to stop so I began ticking his cock again with my tongue all the way up and down the shaft. His moans continued as I felt one of the others lifting my skirt and pressing his cock against my pussy. I opened up and sucked Jonathan's cock into my mouth as the other shoved his in all the way on the first stroke. I grunted what would have been a squeal, were my mouth not full of cock, at the surprise of being so suddenly impaled. 

After the initial thrust, he pulled out slowly and started fucking me in a steady rhythm. I took as much of Jonathan's cock as I could and pulled my head back sucking as I did. As I was pounded from behind, I continued to slide my mouth up and down on Jonathan's cock sliding my tongue along the underside and licking the head, letting it pop out if my mouth every few strokes. Both men were moaning and grunting as they used my body for their pleasure. I thought of this and remember Sir, watching the whole thing and immediately got very excited and could feel another orgasm coming. I sucked Jonathan with more fury and the other mans cock drove me toward orgasm. I came hard again, pulling his cock from my mouth and almost collapsing into him, his cock pressed against my neck and my face on his stomach. I wrapped my arms around Jonathan's waist and began kissing and licking, and nibbling on his hard abs. He was so absolutely masculine and hard and this drove me over the edge and I came again almost immediately, not from the fucking but from the thought of Jonathan's hard body.

The man behind me started thrusting harder and faster and I could tell he was about to cum inside me, but at the last second, he pulled out and shot his load all over my back. I could feel the warm spurts of his cum hitting my back, starting at my shoulder blades moving back to my ass. He stroked through his orgasm and pumped that last of his load right on my ass and continued thrusting his hard cock in my crack for several more seconds until his spasms had passed. 

As he stood up, I did as well and unzipped my skirt to remove it. The man who has just cum helped me pull it down and stepped back with it after it was removed. I stepped over and sat on the couch beside Jonathan who leaned to me and began kissing my neck and cheeks as his hand fondled my breasts. I turned to him with lust in my eyes and kissed him passionately, putting my hands on his cheeks to keep our lips together. He tasted of beer, and in that moment,I could not remember a more passionate moment in my young life. I was snapped back to reality by the laughing of the other men. 

"Damn right, man!" one called. 

"Here, I know." Another one said and I became aware of something touching me. 

I pulled back from Jonathan and saw that they had found my lipstick in my skirt pocket and were writing on me with it. It was hard to see what was written on my chest, but I later saw that it read "SLUT". On my stomach, one of the men was now writing "CUM DUMP". I was snapped out of my romantic state that I had been in with Jonathan and back to the fact that I was being used by four black men as just that, a cum dump. I was filled with a mixture of embarrassment, rage, and humiliation. My heart was now pounding, not from sexual arousal, but from emotion. I remember Sir at that moment and looked at him; tears starting to well up in my eyes. 
