 All characters portrayed in this story are over the age of 18-years-old. There are no underage characters in this story.

Becky has sex with husband's friends in exchange for a new car. 

*

"Knock, knock, we're here Becky," said Brian pushing open the bedroom door and immediately exposing his naked wife to his two friends.

There tied to her bed naked with a blindfold covering her eyes, with her tummy tucked in, and with her breasts raised by her arms stretched over her head and tied to the bedposts, a Kate Beckinsale look alike, she looked so beautiful. She looked so sexy. She was every man's wet dream type of a beautiful, sexy, and shapely naked woman. Except for a gag to keep her quiet from endlessly and incessantly talking in the way that so many woman can never seem to shut the Hell up, even when having sex, especially when having sex, she looked so helplessly vulnerable.

Every man's dream to sexually experience the naked, hot wife of a friend, especially when having not only the wife's permission but also the husband's permission too, this was a swinging, group sex fantasy come true for everyone but for Becky. Her worst nightmare, she still couldn't believe she had agreed to have sex with her husband's two friends. With them already seeing her naked, her worst nightmare, she couldn't believe that she was actually going to go through with them touching her, feeling her, and eating her before she blew them. Her worst nightmare, feeling so helpless in being tied to her own bed, she wished she could free herself to jump from the bed, hide in the bathroom, and lock the door.

"God," she said mumbling under her breath. "What am I crazy? I must be crazy to have agreed to do this. I'm already so embarrassed," she said continuing to mumble under her breath while hopelessly trying to raise her knee to hide her pussy.

Only with her ankles tied to the bed in the way that her wrists were tied to the bed too, and with her legs spread wide open, the movement of her limbs were limited.

"Isn't she beautiful?"

"Asshole," she mumbled under her breath.

Brian looked at his wife before looking at his two friends to see their reactions to seeing his wife naked. In the way that Brian was obviously satisfied watching his wife having sex with his two friends, no doubt, he'll be masturbating over this day for the rest of his life. God he's such a perverted pig to coerce her to go through with this for the sake of buying her a new car.

"Isn't she sexy?"

"Bastard, dirty bastard," she mumbled beneath her breath too softly for anyone to hear but for herself.

No doubt mindful of their agreement not to speak, Jack and Tony nodded their heads in obvious answers to both of Brian's questions. Then, surprising all three men, if she was going through with this sexual fiasco, doing it on her terms, Becky took control of the sexual action.

"Remove the blindfold Brian," ordered Becky. "I can't bare not to see who's here seeing me naked," she said.

"Sure," said Brian. "Okay." 

Worried that her husband would switch his friends and deliver her someone she didn't want to them to see her naked and/or want to have sex with but, instead, someone he wanted to see his wife doing, she needed to know who was there in the room with her.

"I need to see who's here. I thought that I could go through with this blindfolded but I can't. I thought I'd feel better having sex with your friends when not knowing who's here, but I need to see who's here," she said pulling at her ties in hopeless desperation and helpless frustration to free herself.

Brian turned from Becky to look at Jack and Tony before returning his focus to his wife.

"Just as I said and just as you chose, Jack and Tony are here," said Brian walking closer to the bed to remove the blindfold from his wife for her to see. "See?"

She lifted her head off the mattress to look up at her husband's two friends. She made a sour face and rolled her eyes before giving them a half smile and putting her head down on the mattress in embarrassed shame.

"Hi Becky," said Jack stuffing his hands deep in his pockets with obvious nervousness.

Jack looked at Brian's wife with as much sexual lust as Brian looked at his wife.

"Hi Becky," said Tony laughing. "I knew you had freckles but not all over your body. Wow, that's so hot," he said not removing his eyes from her naked tits and pussy.

In the way that he was staring at Becky's naked body, obviously Tony looked at her with even more sexual lust than Jack and Brian had.

"Hi Jack. Hi Tony," she said raising her head again to look from Jack to Tony before looking at her husband. "I'm so embarrassed," she said in a whisper.

Obviously pleased with his wife, Brian leaned down to kiss her.

"Don't be embarrassed Becky," said Jack. "You look so beautiful. You look so sexy. You look so hot. You have such a gorgeous body Becky," said Brian looking from Jack to Tony. "Well, what do you think? Doesn't Becky look beautiful? Doesn't she have a hot body?"

Tony stared at Becky before looking to Brian.

"Yeah, I wish my wife looked at hot as you do naked," said Tony.

Jack never removed his eyes from Becky.

"She's hot," said Jack.

As if eager to have sex with her, Jack looked from Brian to Tony. Obviously in the way that he was staring at her naked form, he was no doubt hoping to go first.

"Remove the ties too, please Brian. I'm feeling claustrophobic," she said. "They're too tight. They're hurting me. And I have to pee."

"Sure," said Brian, no doubt happy that his wife wanted her hands free to have sex with his friends.

Brian untied his wife. Now that she was untied, she wanted to dive beneath the covers or at least cover her nakedness with the sheet. Yet, with Jack and Tony having already seen her naked, she decided to continue with the threesome after peeing first.

Quickly Becky got off the bed and hid herself in the bathroom while Brian, Jack, and Tony waited for her to return. Looking even hotter when she stood and walked from the bed to the bathroom, all three men stared at her shapely, naked ass. Once in the bathroom, she peed, wiped herself, brushed her hair, and freshened her makeup. Then, when she emerged from the bathroom, in the way that Brian's brother, Sean, stared at her when catching her naked, all three men stared at her tits and pussy as she walked to the bed and made herself comfortable. Becky moved back in position, albeit with her legs not spread apart in the way they were spread as wide when she was tied to the bedposts.

"I want you both to know that this wasn't my idea," said Becky looking from Jack to Tony while rubbing more circulation in her wrists before sitting with her knees up to rub more circulation in her ankles. "This was all Brian's idea. Having me tied to the bed naked is his birthday wish," she said giving him a dirty look. "He's been asking me for three years to have a gangbang and I've been asking him for a new car for three years," she said staring up at her husband.

Brian looked at his wife to give her a loving smile.

"She's right. This is all my idea. This is my birthday wish," she Brian proudly while walking right in her trap.

Then, as if she was wielding a baseball bat, she clubbed him over his head with her poisonous words.

"For you to coerce me to do this Brian, your wife, the love of your life, and the mother of your children, you're such an asshole. What husband would do this to his wife, the woman he supposedly loves?"

As if his face was the barometer of his sexual mood, Brian's face fell in the way that his penis no doubt went from hard to soft from Becky's verbal abuse.

"She's right," said Brian. "Guilty as charged. Being that I'm the pervert in the family, I am an asshole to coerce Becky to do this but, nonetheless, I'm glad she agreed to do this," he said with a loud laugh.

Wishing he wasn't even there in the room watching her, she shot him another dirty look. Wishing he'd go to another part of the house to masturbate himself, bad enough she he coerced to have sex with his friends, she felt even more uncomfortable with her husband there watching the sexual escapades. Definitely, she'd be more sexually agreeable if her husband wasn't in the bedroom watching. Definitely, she'd be more amenable to his two friends touching her and feeling her, if her husband wasn't watching their every move.

"The only way that I'd agree to his birthday wish is if I picked which of his friends to have sex with me and I picked the both of you because I consider you my friends, close friends, too. No doubt, after we've had sex, you'll be even closer to me than you are now," she said with a sad, little laugh.

"We love you Becky," said Jack looking to Tony while he nodded his head in agreement to loving her as a friend too.

"Thank you. I love you guys too," she said falling silent before speaking again. "Of course, I picked you, Jack, because you're so wicked good looking," she said blushing while looking from Jack to look at Tony. "And I picked you Tony because you always make me laugh and I always feel so comfortable around you."

Jack nodded his head while Tony beamed a big smile.

"I'm glad to be included in this small, private group," said Tony smiling. "My mother said that because I wasn't born good looking that I should make people laugh instead. I've become the fat, funny man. And for the record, I love making you laugh Becky. You have such a beautiful smile and you get my humor."

Brian looked from Becky to Jack and to Tony before looking back at his wife.

"So, let's get this show going. As part of our agreed upon deal, I'm going to be sitting right here watching," said Brian taking a seat in the far corner of the room. "They'll be no sexual intercourse. Becky wanted to fuck the both of you but I couldn't bear to watch you two guys fucking my wife," said Brian crassly.

Tony looked at Brian and made a face before smiling, no doubt, with the thought that he was about to say.

"That's understandable," said Tony nodding his head with a serious look on his face. "Being that you'd rather not watch us fuck Becky, we don't mind if you leave the room Brian," he said with a laugh that made Jack and Becky laugh too.

Brian shook his head over Tony's remark.

"Ha, ha! Very funny. That's so funny Tony but, so long as it's agreeable to the both of you, we agreed in advance that if you guys give my wife cunnilingus and give her an orgasm then, she'll suck your dicks. We even agreed that you can cum in her mouth while touching her and feeling her anywhere and everywhere," said Brian while Becky sighed and rolled her eyes with obvious embarrassment. 

"Gees, Brian," she said giving him an angry look. "You make it sound as if this was my idea when it was all your idea."

Ignoring her comment, he continued in graphically and explicating explaining the sexual rules.

"We also agreed that she'll swallow your loads. What the Hell, you may even give her a facial and a cum bath if you want," he said with a laugh. "As long as Becky does all of that, I agreed to buy her a new car, a loaded, Mustang GT."

"A facial and a cum bath? Gee thanks Brian," said Becky giving her husband another stern look.

"Damn," said Tony. "Who do I have to have sex with for you to buy me a new, loaded, Mustang GT? I'd do you for that car Brian," he said while making a motion with his hand as if he was blowing Brian.

"Funny Tony but I only have sex with my wife," said Brian.

"I wish I could say the same thing, that I only have sex with my husband," said Becky making a sour face at her husband.

"Sweet," said Jack. "Have you picked the color of the car Becky?"

"Yes, I have. I wanted orange but it's not available on the 2014, so I'm going with Gotta Have It Green," she said, "with black leather interior or white leather if it's available. They haven't announced the interior colors yet."

"C'mon, let's get the show on the road," said Brian again. "Take of your clothes Jack. You too Tony. Strip. It's not fair that Becky is the only one naked."

"Damn, if I knew I'd be naked, I would have worn my musclebound suit instead of my fat suit," said Tony with a laugh that made everyone laugh.

Jack was first out of his clothes while Tony was still sitting on the bed to remove his socks and shoes.

* * * * *

With Becky sitting up on the bed, Jack moved to her first. Perhaps sensing Becky's uncomfortableness or because he was uncomfortable kissing the wife of a man who was sitting in the same room, when Jack kissed Becky, he turned purposely his back to Brian sitting in a chair in the corner of the room. A long, wet kiss, Becky returned his passion while Tony felt her ample breasts and fingered her nipples. A strange feeling to have one man holding her while kissing her as a second man touched her breasts and fingered her nipples, she wished she had sex with two men who weren't her husband, a long time ago. As if she was dreaming while having a sexual fantasy, she never thought she'd be having sex with two men at once. She never thought she'd agree to do her husband's friends. She never thought she'd be having sex with anyone but with Brian.

Then, turning from Jack to Tony, she gave him a long, wet kiss too, while Jack felt her tits and fingered her nipples. As already agreed to and not wasting any time, with Tony busy kissing Becky while feeling her tits, Jack moved down between Becky's legs. Tony still kissed and felt Becky's big tits when she fell back on her back with her legs spread and her knees up, as if she was about to give birth to a baby. Giving way to accommodate Jack's fingers and mouth, she spread her legs open wide to give him access to her already wet pussy.

"Oh my God, Jack," said Becky breaking off her kiss with Tony to watch Jack fingering and licking her pussy.

Having masturbated before over the imagined thoughts of Jack fingering her pussy while licking her pussy, albeit with her happily married to her husband, that is before they made these outrageous birthday wishes, she never thought she'd ever receive oral sex from him. With his tongue and fingers inside of her pussy and Tony's hands all over her tits while his fingers fingered her nipples, she never thought she'd have these sexual feelings that she was having now. Only having these kind of sexual and romantic feelings with her husband, she never knew she could feel so sexually aroused from giving two of Brian's friends sex.

Already more than willing, a modest woman turned into a sexual slut, she couldn't wait to take Jack's cock in her mouth. She couldn't wait to fondle his prick. She couldn't wait to stroke his prick while sucking his prick. She couldn't wait to see the look on his face when he looked down at her to see his hard, hairy cock in her mouth. She couldn't wait to feel him ejaculate his warm, oozy load of cum in her mouth and swallow him while her husband watched.

With her sexually fantasizing about Jack's cock, it was perfect timing when Tony moved Becky's hand to his cock while he continued feeling her tits and fingering her nipples. Having a cock in her hand while being eaten was something totally new. It aroused her more to stroke one man while another man licked and fingered her. She only wished Brian would have allowed Jack and Tony to make love to her. In the way she was feeling so sexually aroused now, she'd love to fuck both men. Becky leaned into Tony again to kiss him while slowly stroking him and while he felt her tits. Then, when Jack parted her pussy lips with his finger, she stopped.

"That feels so good Jack. Play with my clit," she said. "Finger fuck me. If you make me cum, I'll suck your cock" she said whispering to Jack while giving a feigned smile to her husband. "If you cum in my mouth and I swallow, Brian will buy me my new car."

Poised between her thighs, he looked up at her and smiled.

"Here's hoping you get your new car Becky," said Jack mashing his face in her pussy while shaking his head side to side and licking and fingering her sopping wet cunt.

He was really eating her now. Fingering deeper, he licked her faster.

"Oh my God," she said reaching down to run her fingers through Jack's hair. "That feels so good. Lick me Jack. Eat me. Lick my pussy. Don't stop. Please don't stop."

She pulled him into her cunt and held him there by his hair. As if he was humping her mouth and fucking her face with his cock, she humped his mouth and fucked his face with her pussy. Jack continued licking her while Tony sucked Becky's nipples and she slowly stroked his cock. A magical three way train of sex, she watched her husband remove his cock from his pants while stroking himself. She couldn't believe that she was going to get three men off just by allowing them to have their wicked way with their naked body.

Soon to be sucking Jack's cock and then Tony's cock. Her husband was content to play with himself instead of joining in. She would have preferred her husband fucking her while she took turns sucking Jack and Tony's cock. She would have preferred Jack and Tony cumming in her mouth while her husband ejaculated in her pussy. Never realizing she was such a slut, for her to agree to have group sex, it took her husband to bring out the whore in her all for the sake of him buying her a new car. She couldn't wait for Brian to see her sucking Jack's cock and then Tony's prick. After they both licked her pussy and gave her an orgasm, she couldn't wait to suck both men and have them to cum in her mouth.

"I love your big tits Becky," said Tony. "I wish my wife had your tits."

With Brian never complimenting her and never saying anything about her big breasts, it aroused her to hear Tony talking about her tits.

"Thank you Tony," she said. "Play with my nipples Tony. I love having my nipples pulled, turned, twisted, and nibbled. Bite my nipples Tony."

Tony attacked her nipples as if they were knobs on a pinball machine. When Jack looked up to see what Tony was doing, Becky looked down to instruct Jack.

"Don't stop Jack. Just lick," she said pulling his mouth down by his hair. "Make me cum. Stick your fingers inside of me. Finger fuck my pussy Jack. Lick me. Eat me. I need to cum," she said humping his face with her hips. "Just don't stop. Please don't stop. I need to cum," she said again in case he didn't hear her.

Then, pulling him forward by his hair again, she mashed his face in her cunt and held him there. Licking and licking her, he fingered her pussy deeper with one finger while rubbing her clit with another finger. Skilled at eating pussy, Jack had Becky wiggling all over the bed while Tony touched, felt, fondled, and caressed her breasts while fingering her nipples.

"I love eating your pussy," said Jack lifting his head to catch his breath. "I love fucking you with my fingers," he said fucking her deeper while licking her faster. "I love your body, Becky. You're so hot."

Becky looked down at Jack to watch what he was doing while she stroked Tony's cock faster and while Tony had his wicked way with her big tits.

"Oh, yeah, that's right baby, right there. Concentrate your tongue on my bean. Yeah, right there Jack. Don't stop. Please don't stop. I'm going to cum Brian. Jack is going to make me cum," she said to her husband while watching Brian stroking himself faster.

"How this?" Licking and fingering her, Jack reached up to feel her tit and finger her nipple while Tony impaled his mouth on her other breast and sucked her nipple as Becky continue to stroke Tony's cock faster.

"I'm going to cum," she said. "I can't believe I'm going to cum. Never had I had an orgasm so fast," she said.

"You can say that again," said Brian. "I get lockjaw when I eat her pussy seemingly for hours."

"Maybe Jack can teach you a few things about how to sexually satisfy a woman with his fingers, mouth, and tongue," said Becky with a dirty laugh.
