 All characters portrayed in this story are over the age of 18-years-old. There are no underage characters in this story. 

*

All four men, Jack, Tony, Mike, and Jim quickly stripped off their clothes under the watchful eye of Brian. As if he wanted to see what they were all packing, oddly enough he seemed as interest staring at his naked four friends as they were interested in staring at his naked wife. While Brian ogled his friend's naked bodies, Brian's friends ogled Becky's naked body, and Becky ogled the four friends' naked bodies.

A five man and one woman show of voyeurism and exhibitionism, she should have felt perversely wicked but she didn't. If anything, instead of feeling shame or embarrassed, she felt sexually excited. Glad that she decided against wearing a blindfold, having her eyes uncovered so much better than being blindfolded, in the way that they all saw what she looked like without her clothes, she saw what they all looked like naked.

Glad that she decided against having her husband tie her wrists and ankles to the bedposts, free to explore his friends' bodies and so much better than being tied to the bed, now she was free to touch their pricks, fondled their pricks, and stroke their pricks. Never having had another man's cock in her hand other than her husband's cock, she was more than curious what it would feel like to touch another man, to hold and fondle another man, and to stroke another man before sucking and fucking another man. Her eyes moved from Jack's cock, to Tony's cock, and from Tony's cock to Mike's cock and Jim's cock. Having known these four men for years, and even having seen them in their bathing suits, she couldn't believe how different they all looked naked.

Naked, naked, naked, she had four naked men in her bedroom. Naked, naked, naked, four men were seeing her naked while touching and feeling her where no man should ever touch and feel another man's wife. Naked, naked, naked, never has she been so alive with sexual excitement. She couldn't wait to suck and fuck them all.

Obviously with the four men standing there naked, they were as nervous as she was sexually excited. Watching and waiting while looking from one to the other and staring at Becky in between, they waited for someone to make the first move. With Becky sitting up on the bed looking so pretty, so vulnerable, and so sexy, Jack moved to her first. He looked at her as if they were alone in the room. While his friends watched him in the way that Brian was watching all four men staring at his naked wife, he sat on the bed beside her.

"This is awkward," said Jack.

Having known her for years and with each one lusting over the other while not daring to satisfy their sexual fantasy, this was their opportunity to do all that they ever wanted to one another's bodies.

"I'm nervous too," she said. "Maybe if you kissed me, we can put the awkward, nervousness behind us."

As if to have a better look at her pretty face, he moved her long, chestnut brown hair from her eyes to run a slow hand down her cheek. With his back purposely turned to Brian sitting in a chair in the corner of the room, he leaned into Becky and pulled her closer to kiss her. As soon as they kissed, their tongues touched in an explosions of emotions for Becky. Having lusted over Jack before while masturbating herself, as if being plugged into a wall outlet, his kiss was electric. She had never French kissed anyone but Brian and with Jack so good looking, she was really enjoying kissing him.

A long, wet kiss, soulful kiss, in the way of two lost lovers reuniting, Becky returned his passion while Tony stepped forward, leaned down, and reached in between Jack and Becky to feel her ample breasts and finger her nipples. First one breast and then the other, he felt her breasts as if he was stealing a feel from a woman who didn't even know he was standing there staring at her tits. With Mike on one side and Jim on the other, each man seemed content to reach beneath Becky to feel her ass, before Mike reached down to finger her pussy and before moving his hand away to give Jim at turn at fingering her pussy. Giving her focused attention to Jack kissing her, lost in his kisses, with Tony feeling her tits and fingering her nipples, and with Mike and Jim feeling her ass and fingering her pussy, she felt as if Jack was feeling her entire body at once.

As if she was dreaming while having a sexual fantasy, she never thought she'd be having sex with four men at once. Remembering how they were when they were first married with her husband so possessively jealous of other men even looking at her, she never thought he'd have another man have sex with her. She never thought she'd ever allow four of her husband's friends not only to see her naked body but also touch and feel her naked body before having sex with her naked body. She never thought she'd be having sex with anyone but Brian. Now with her agreeing to be gangbanged by Jack, Tony, Mike, and Jim, she was just as nervous as she was sexually excited.

Then, turning from Jack to Tony, she gave him a long, wet kiss too, while Jack felt her tits and fingered her nipples before reaching down between her legs to finger her pussy. With Tony's kisses arousing her, Tony fondled one of her breasts and played with her nipple while jack fondled her other breast and fingered her nipple. Then when Jack played with her pussy with his other hand, Becky began squirming in her obvious sexual excitement of being fingered and rubbed by Jack. As the four men already agreed to give Becky an oral orgasm, and with Tony busy kissing Becky, Jack moved down between her legs.

Leaning back down to accommodate her comfort, Tony still kissed her while feeling Becky's big tits while she reclined back on bed with her legs spread and her knees up as if she was about to give birth to a baby. With Mike on one side of the bed and Jim on the other side of the bed, they reached their hands in to feel Becky's tits and finger her nipples as Tony continued kissing her while Jack licked her pussy. A four man team of sexual pleasure with eight hands, eight thumbs, and thirty-two fingers touching and feeling her where only her husband had touched and felt her before, Becky was on her way to orgasmic Heaven.

"Oh, my God," said Becky breaking off her kiss with Tony to lift her head to watch Jack fingering and licking her pussy.

No one has ever licked her pussy but her husband Brian. Always thinking that her husband was the champion pussy licker, he was no comparison to how Jack was making her feel. Now that she's experienced another man giving her oral sex, she now realized that Brian was just a dabbler compared to Jack seriously licking her pussy. If she had been blindfolded and didn't know who was eating her, in the way Jack was so skillfully going at her pussy, she'd think she was having lesbian sex.

Practically ignoring Mike and Jim having their wicked way with her tits, with her having masturbated before over Jack licking her pussy, she never thought him licking her pussy would ever happen and would feel this good. Now that she was experiencing Jack in a way that another man's wife should never experience another man, she had wickedly unfaithful thoughts of dumping her husband in favor of accepting Jack in her life. After being on a bland, sexual diet of Brian for the past 15 years, she wouldn't mind spending the rest of her sexual life with Jack. Moreover, inherently knowing how to make love to a woman, he was just so very good looking.

With Jack's tongue and fingers inside of her pussy, with Tony lips on hers and his tongue impaling her mouth, and with Mike and Jim's hands all over her ass and tits while fingering her nipples, she never thought she'd have these sexual feelings that she was having now. Instead of being the reluctant, non-consensual wife who refused to have sex with her husband's friends, she was the aggressive wife who couldn't wait to have sex with her husband's friends. Something that she thought would be so totally and disgustingly unpleasant was now totally and genuinely pleasurable. Never has she felt such sexual pleasure with four men paying her their undivided sexual attention.

She couldn't wait to take Jack's cock in her mouth and to feel his big prick rubbing up against her tongue. She couldn't wait to suck him while stroking him and while looking up at his big, blue eyes. She couldn't wait to feel him ejaculate in her mouth. His love potion, she couldn't wait to swallow his warm, oozy liquid. While her husband watched, she couldn't wait to see the look on Brian's face when Jack exploded cum in her mouth and down her throat.

With her husband agreeing to have all four men cum in her mouth, she imagine having a whole mouthful of cum dripping down her chin and all over her big tits. She wondered after she was done sucking them and fucking her if they'd agree to give her a cum bath. Never wanting one before, she wouldn't mind having one now. She wondered if her mother, her sister, of any of her friends ever had a cum bath. She never had a cum bath and in the sexually excited way she felt now, she'd love to have one if only for the bragging rights to say that she had.

Already so very sexually excited and not imagining that she could be more sexually excited, it was perfect timing when Mike moved her right hand to his cock and Jim moved her left hand to his cock. Immediately, as if she was milking two cows simultaneously, she wrapped her long, slender fingers around their cocks. Slowly she stroked Mike while looking up at him before turning to look up at Jimmy. As if she was dreaming, as if she was having a new sexual gangbang fantasy, she couldn't believe not only how good she felt but also how sexually exciting it felt to have a hard cock in each hand. With Mike and Jim growing harder in her hands, she felt so desired and wanted. Mike and Jim continued feeling her tits and fingering her nipples, as Tony continued French kissing her while Jack licked and finger fucked her pussy.

Seriously shocked that she was simultaneously masturbating two of her husband's friends, having a cock in each hand while being eaten and French kissed and having her tits and ass felt was something she had never imagined. Sort of like patting her tummy while rubbing her head, Becky was very ambidextrous while giving Jack and Mike slow hand jobs as they felt her tits and fingered her nipples, as Tony kissed her, and as Jack ate her. With a lot going on, she loved feeling their pricks getting harder in her hand. The thing that surprised her was something she hadn't considered, feeling so in control, she couldn't believe how exciting it felt to sexually arouse four men at once. As if she was the queen bee in a beehive, she's never imagined what it would be like to have the focused, sexual attention of four men all touching her, feeling her, and eating her.

Now that she was experiencing her first gangbang, never knowing this would be as enjoyable as it was sexually exciting, maybe this wouldn't be her last gangbang. Something not only new but something that she wouldn't mind doing again but with four other men, it aroused her stroke two men while one man kissed her and another man ate her as all four men took turns feeling her tits and fingering her nipples. Already thinking of herself as a slut for thinking of four other men doing her, she was becoming sexually incorrigible. Already thinking of herself as a slut for agreeing to have four of her husband's friends seeing her naked, now she thought of herself as a whore for agreeing to this gangbang. Now that she was sexually experiencing four men, what difference would it make if she experienced four more later and four more men after that? Maybe this was his intention all along but Brian had turned her into a cum slut.

After stroking them and feeling them harden in her hands, so wanting to take Mike's and Jim's hard cocks in her mouth, they needed to wait their turn. Rules are rules, even with a gangbang, especially with a gangbang, and the rule was that before she could suck their cocks, before they could cum in her mouth, and before she could swallow their cum, they had to not only eat her but also give her an orgasm. Becky continued kissing Tony while slowly stroking Mike and Jim as they felt her tits. Switching off, Mike leaned down to French kiss her before Jim took his turn to French kiss her too. With four men trading saliva with her, she wondered if the men gave any credence to the thought that while directly kissing her, they were indirectly kissing one another. At this point, even if they had that thought, with everyone naked and sexually excited, she didn't think they cared.

Then, when Jack parted her pussy lips with his finger and probed her deeper with his tongue, she stopped to watch. The sexual sensations he gave her made her believe that he was really enjoying eating her pussy. Different from the feelings received when her husband ate her, no doubt because he really wanted to eat her and knew that he must eat her for her to give him sexual pleasure, Jack was a pussy eating machine. With no one having eaten her but for Brian, she needed to see what Jack was doing that made her feel so aroused. She rested herself up on her elbows to watch Jack while momentarily ignoring Tony, Mike, and Jim.

Maybe she was so sexually aroused because Jack was so very good looking. Maybe she was so sexually aroused because she had sexually fantasized over Jack eating her pussy many times before while masturbating herself. She wouldn't mind keeping Jack around to eat her again and again, whenever Brian was put off by eating her pussy. Calling in the second team, she imagined her husband calling Jack to eat her when he wasn't in the mood to eat her, which he seldom was, even though he was always in the mood for her to give him a blowjob. Now that she's having a gangbang, dreading to have one before, this all could work out to spice up their married life. Yet, now that she's seen and felt who else is out there sexually, leaving her bedroom door open more than a crack, Brian had better watch his step and treat her right.

"That feels so good Jack," she said leaning around Tony's big body to watch Jack eating her. "Play with my clit Jack," she said closing her eyes before popping them open to watch him. "Finger fuck me. If you make me cum, I'll suck your cock" she said while giving a feigned smile to her husband before looking up at Mike and Jim before looking down at their cocks.

"I love eating your pussy Becky," said Jack delaying his licking for a moment to speak before wrapping his arms around her shapely thighs and resuming his licking.

Having ignored her sexual duty of Mike and Jim long enough, she propped up her pillows to take their cocks in her hands while still being able to watch Jack eating her.

"If you cum in my mouth and I swallow, Brian will buy me my new car," she said to Jack, "a brand, new Mustang GT. I can't wait. I'm more excited about the car than I am over the kitchen, the coat, and the ring."

"Good," said Brian in the distance. "Then, I'll cross those off the list."

"No you won't," said Becky laughing.

"Here's hoping you get your new car," said Jack mashing his face in her pussy as if he was mashing his face between her tits while licking and fingering her cunt.

She fell back in the softness of her pillows as if she had just gorged herself on an ice cream banana split.

"Oh, my God. That feels so frigging good Jack," she said letting go of Mike's and Jim's cocks again to reach down to run her fingers through Jack's lush, blonde hair. "Lick me Jack. Eat me. Lick my pussy. Yes, that's it, stick your fingers in there while you lick me. Rub my clit while licking me Jack."

In the way that some men do to women by placing a heavy hand behind their head when having their cocks sucked, she pulled him into her cunt and held him there by his hair and ears. As if he was humping her mouth and fucking her face with his cock, she humped his mouth and fucked his face with her pussy. Jack continued licking her while Tony sucked Becky's nipples and while Mike and Jim took turns kissing her. Something so unexpectedly new and sexually exciting, as if needing to have a cock in each of her hands, and with their kisses turning her on, she let go of Jack's hair to reach up to reclaim Mike and Jim's cock. Slowly stroking them while fondling the heads of their cocks with her fingertips, she looked from Mike to Jim to give them lustful looks.

With her the only woman surrounded by four men and with a fifth man silently watching the action, Becky has never had so much sexual attention as she had now. Thinking that it would be an issue for her to be naked in front of Brian's friends, she didn't even give her nudity a second thought now. Thinking it would be an issue for her to be naked in front of four men with her husband in the room, she was too sexually excited to care. Looking over at Brian sitting so quietly in the corner when normally he took control of a room, she watched her husband watching her with four men.

No doubt the image of her holding Mike and Jim's cock while Tony sucked her nipples in between kissing her and while Jack licked her pussy was getting to him. A magical five person train, she watched her pervert of a husband unzip himself and remove his cock from his pants and stroke himself while watching his wife sexually pleasure four men. With her husband the fifth man, she couldn't believe that she was going to get five men off just by allowing them to have their wicked way with their naked body. It excited her to know that five men wanted her enough to cum.

She felt so special. She felt so sexy. She felt so wanted. Things that she was no longer felt in her marriage, for the first time in a long time, she felt sexually desired. Something that she no longer felt in her marriage, she not only was sexually excited but she was reenergized and reinvigorated by the focused stares of five men. As if she was a stripper performing a gangbang on stage, she felt more like a sexy, sexual woman than she did a wife and mother.

Soon to be sucking Jack's cock and then Tony's cock before sucking Mike and Jim's cock, after they've all taken their turn at licking her pussy, her husband seemed content to play with himself instead of joining in. More than sucking their cocks, she couldn't wait for them to fuck her. She would have preferred her husband fucking her while she took turns sucking Jack, Tony's, Mike's, and Jim's cock. Yet, rather than joining in on the fun, he was content just to watch while masturbating himself.

Imagining the look on his face, she couldn't wait for the four men to ejaculate in her mouth while her husband watched. She could only imagine all of the pillow talk they'd have later. Never realizing she was such a slut, for her to agree to have group sex with four men, it took her husband to bring out the whore in her all for the sake of him buying her a new car. Yet, it felt so weirdly surreal, as if she was dreaming to have a cock in each of her hands while being eaten, kissed, and having her tits sucked.

"I love your big tits Becky," said Tony. "I wish my wife had your tits."

With Brian never complimenting her and never saying anything about her big breasts, it aroused her to hear Tony talking about her tits.

"Thank you Tony," she said looking up at him to give him a warm, sexy smile. "Play with my nipples Tony. I love having my nipples pulled, turned, twisted, and nibbled."

Not having to be told twice, Tony attacked her nipples as if they were knobs on a pinball machine. When Jack looked up to see what Tony was doing, Becky looked down to instruct Jack.

"Don't stop Jack. Just lick," she said pulling his mouth down by his hair. "Make me cum. Stick your fingers inside of me. Finger fuck my pussy Jack. Lick me. Eat me. I need to cum," she said. "Make me cum and I'll suck your cock Jack."
