 I'd finally left my husband and my lackluster marriage. What I wanted now, more than anything, was to make up for lost time, especially in the sex and pleasure department. To this end I was sure my friend Vicki would be a good resource. She had long urged me to get out of my marriage, tantalizing me with details of the varied and lush sex she led with her new boyfriend, Bob. They had what she called an 'open' relationship, free to seek other partners, engaging in group sex. Any port in a storm seemed to be Vicki's motto these days.

She came in from Marin to have lunch with me in San Francisco.

"You look happy, Becky,"she said, scrutinizing me closely, "but that's no surprise. You needed to get out of that awful marriage of yours in a bad way."

We talked about my divorce and how things were going with the settlement. Vicki, herself, had gotten divorced a little over a year ago.

"I am, I am happy, very happy," I said, "it was a mistake from the first day, my marriage."

"Well, don't sweat it. You're young, and now you can start enjoying life again," she said, then looked me straight in the eye. "I want to tell you about something. Something which may shock you."

Then she leaned over almost conspiratorially, a wicked smile on her face, taking a slow sip from her coffee cup, making me burn with curiosity.

"You know, once a month or so Bob and I host a party at our place in Marin. And it's not just any kind of party, if you know what I mean. These parties we host are a little different, actually a lot different. I've mentioned to you that Bob and I like to mix it up with others sometimes, sexually that is."

She had told me this and it made me very curious. And very envious too, because that was at just the time when I had begun having fantasies of multiple sexual couplings, trying to get my husband to think along those lines too.

"Well now we've gone beyton just a little mixing it up. These parties are for like-minded folks, folks who like group sex and voyeurism and really like it hot and nasty, know what I'm getting at, Becky?"

"I think I do," I said.

My heart was actually thumping away in my chest as Vicki told me all this.

"Well Becky, we're having one of our parties this weekend. And now that you're a free and unencumbered woman, perhaps you'd like to join us? There'll be some fun people there, I guarantee it. And good times to be had by one and all."

"Sounds very intriguing, Vicki," I said, tantalized by the prospect.

"I wasn't sure whether I should ask you."

"You were right to ask me," I said with a smile. "And I accept your invitation."

Vicki took my hand and pressed hard.

"Good. It's this Saturday, starting around eight."

"I'll be there," I said and then leaned over and whispered. "And so will my pussy!"

We giggled like two sorority girls about to be naughty. In fact, Vicki and I had been in a sorority together when we were in college, and we did some pretty naughty things then too.

I had planned to arrive on time for Vicki's party but there was a terrible traffic jam on the Golden Gate bridge and by the time got to their Marin home, I was almost an hour late.

I took a deep breath as I pressed the buzzer. It took a minute but then Vicki answered the door, wearing a silk robe, her hair unkempt.

As she let me in I could see the lights were dimmed. I had been here many times before and now as I walked down the long hallway behind Vicki and into the living room, my eyes almost popped out of their sockets. 

There were two middle-aged guys sitting on the couch next to each other, naked, and kneeling down on the floor in front of them were two long-haired blondes, sucking their cocks, their heads bobbing up and down. Over in a corner, this girl was laying back in an armchair, her legs spread and draped over the armrests. There was a guy between those legs, pumping it inside her, while another guy stood by her side, feeding her his cock.

"As you can see, the party's in full swing," Vicki said.

She led me down another hallway, past a suite of bedrooms. Peeking into one I could see two couples sharing a bed, fucking. Finally we were at the master bedroom, where Vicki took my hand and led me inside.

"I was just about to get into a little thing with Bob and a friend of ours. Your timing was perfect, Becky. Because now you can join us," Vicki said, quickly flinging off her robe and presenting herself in all her naked splendor. Bob and the other guy were naked too, on the bed, staring at me.

"Hi Becky," Bob said. I knew Bob well, but never before had I seen him naked. He looked even better undressed than dressed!

"And this is Tony," Vicki said, introducing me to the other guy.

I said hello to Tony as Vicki poured me a glass of wine from an open bottle. I could see three half-empty glasses.

"Have some," Vicki said, handing me a glass. I took a sip and wondered exactly what I should do next.

"Why don't you take off your clothes and stay a while," Bob said with a sexy growl, a satyr's look in his eyes.

"Yeah, get comfy Becky," Vicki urged.

Well this was no time to start being modest. I knew full well what I was getting into when I accepted an invitation to Vicki's party. She had made it very clear that it was going to be an orgy. And so I took a deep breath.

"Here goes," I said, pulling off my sweater. I knew what was going on tonight so I made a point not to wear a bra. Naturally, the two guys were immediately eyeballing my very well-formed and, so I've been told, exceptionally attractive tits. And so was Vicki, though she had seen them many, many times before, since our old sorority days.

"Take it off! Take it all off!" Vicki cheered, and I could tell the wine had gotten to her.

Next, I pulled off my jeans and my panties.

"Like what you see, guys?" I said, putting my hands on my hips and showing off my naked, athletically sleek body.

"That's the spirit, Becky, show it off!" Vicki said.

The two guys began to lazily fist their cocks, and right away those cocks became nice and full and meaty, though not quite rigid yet.

Vicki dropped down on the bed between the two men and slapped their hands away from themselves, taking their two cocks in her own hands.

"Uh huh! Show it off!" Vicki barked at me.

I thought I was showing off, but there was music on and a sexy old R & B tune was playing, so I started to sway to the beat like a stripper, getting into the groove. I'm a pretty good dancer, so I really started putting on a show. Vicki spread her legs and flashed her pussy at me as she fisted the studs, fisting them until she had two really big, really hard, really thick cocks in her hands. These two guys were hung... and then some, especially Bob!

"Just look at those two gorgeous things!" I said, staring at their equipment, as they kept their eyes on me.

"You like?" Vicki purred.

"I like a lot!" I affirmed.

"Well, you can enjoy them all you want, just come on down here and join us," Vicki said as I gladly dropped down on the king-sized bed to join this hot, sexy trio. The air was super-charged with explosive sexuality!

"Mmmmmmh, they feel so good to hold, Becky," Vicki said, fisting the two penisis. "Maybe you'd like to hold them?"

"Maybe I would," I said, taking them from her hands and stroking the thick shafts. This was the first time in more than five years that I had held a man's cock other than my husband's in my hand. Bob, in particular, was exceptionally well-endowed. 

"So this is what you take up the ass!" I said, marveling, as I stroked Bob's cock.

Vicki had confessed how she and Bob both craved anal sex.

"All the time," Vicki said with a very satisfied smile lighting up her pretty face.

I couldn't stop staring at the impressive dimensions of Bob's cock.

"Bob is huge!" I said, affirming the obvious. "I can't believe you take that in the butt, Vicki."

"Well it did take a little practice," Vicki said, sounding almost proud of her achievement, then looking down at how avidly I was fisting these two guys.

"Maybe it's time for you to taste them now, Becky," Vicki urged. "They don't just feel good to hold, they're delicious to taste. Before you arrived I was feasting on them both."

I bet she had!

Though Tony was nicely endowed and really hard, Bob's mammoth shaft was the real prize here, so I thought I'd get to him after giving Tony a taste of my oral skills.

I lowered my head to Tony's cock, planting soft little kisses all over it, teasing him, not yet licking or sucking him, though he desperately wanted me to, arching his body upwards. Finally I took pity on him and took his cock between my lips as I kept on fisting Bob. Vicki brought her face close to mine, looking right into my eyes. After I gave Tony some good, sloppy head, I moved over to Bob's cock, just eyeballing it for a moment, relishing its length, its girth, its steely, rigid smoothness.

"It's a real mouthful, Becky, take it from me," Vicki whispered as she watched.

"I'll bet it is..." I said as I first brought my tongue down to Bob's balls, dragging that wet tongue over the rough skin of his scrotum, feeling the hard nuts in his sack.

Then, ever so slowly, I dragged my tongue up the length of his shaft, inch by inch.

"Almost ten inches," Vicki whispered. "Isn't it something!"

How had she guessed I actually had been curious to get the stats on Bob!

Finally my tongue was up by his bulbous knob, licking the smooth surface. As I licked him, Vicki started to sensually run her fingers through my hair, pushing down slightly on the back of my head.

Finally I opened my lips wide and took him in my mouth, sucking the glans as I fisted the shaft.

"That's it!" Vicki hissed in my ear. "Suck him! Suck that cock!"

I fisted his shaft with one hand as I gently squeezed his balls with the other, giving him a blow-job I wanted him to remember for a long, long time.

"Wow! Look at you go!" Vicki marveled as I took more and more of the immense mass of his erect penis in my mouth and down my throat. She knew I was an accomplished cocksucker; I had bragged of my skills in that department to her many times.

Now I felt Vicki slide her hand between my legs. Though we had known each other a long time, and knew that occasionally we were in the mood to have sex with women, we had never been intimate with each other.

"Man, look how wet you are!" she said, digging her fingers into my hot, drenched pussy.

I was wet because I was turned on, turned on sucking this beautiful dick while fisting Tony's.

I thought back to how sexually deprived I had been in my marriage, and how I had more and more frequently come to entertain thoughts and fantasies of wild sex scenes and multiple sexual partners. And now here I was with two cocks at my disposal, and my very hot girlfriend fingering my cunt!

And then I felt Vicki bring her other hand around to fondle my nipples.

"Why don't you try licking and sucking them both at once?" Vicki suggested.

"Sure," I said, releasing Bob from the grip of my mouth. "But how shall we do it?"

Tony knew just how, rolling his body towards me, bringing his cock level with Bob's now.

Holding the two shafts, I brought them together so they were touching. I thought that looked so hot, the double-dose of cock in my hands.

"What a beautiful handful, huh?" Vicki said.

"I'll say," I sighed.

Then I started to lick them both, running my tongue wildly over the surface of both cocks until, finally, I opened my lips as wide as possible and took as much as I could of their two knobs into my mouth.

"God, that looks so obscene!" Vicki hissed as she watched me tend to the two stiff penises.

Suddenly Vicki disappeared and I could feel her wriggling her body beneath mine. And then I felt her, felt her mouth on my pussy! Vicki was giving me head while I was licking and sucking her boyfriend's cock... and his pal's too!

Her tongue down there made me feel just sublime as she really gobbled me up.

Then, finally, she came up for air, bringing her mouth to my ear, whispering.

"I think it's time to fuck, don't you?" 

I couldn't agree more!

Vicki pushed me down on the bed, on my back, then glanced over at Bob. I had a strong feeling I was going to get to do him. Vicki must've sensed just how much I wanted his big cock inside me now. So I spread my legs as Bob glided his body between them.

Reaching down to take hold of him I again marvelled at his thickness as I worked him against my pussy.

Vicki, meanwhile, pushed Tony down on his back next to me, and then straddled him, impaling her cunt on his rigid shaft. Bob now gently removed my fingers from his cock and slowly and skillfully worked himself inside me.

"Oh, my God!" I sighed as I felt him filling me. I had been fucked my many, many guys in my life, but I don't think I had ever had a cock so large and, especially, so thick inside me. 

"I have a feeling she's nice and tight, huh Bob?" Vicki said, looking over to her boyfriend.

Bob smiled in acknowledgment as he plowed it inside me.

Flexing my legs and spreading them wide, I held onto Bob's smooth, hard buttocks, urging him to fuck me nice and deep and steady.

I looked up at Vicki as she looked down at me. We shared a moment of the closest and warmest rapport as, old and faithful friends, we were getting fucked side by side.

"Oh Becky! I'm so happy that you're getting to enjoy my guy like this," she said, lowering her face to mine, deep sincerity in her voice. "I've so much wanted to share him with you."

We brought our lips together and shared a warm, wet, soulful and loving kiss.

"I feel so good!" I exclaimed, needing to express to them all just how happy I felt.

"That's how you should feel... always," Vicki whispered, kissing me again.

Then Vicki suddenly closed her eyes as she broke out in a sweat. She started rocking up and down, impaled on Tony's cock, moving faster and faster as she moaned and groaned. Vicki always bragged how she climaxed like a firecracker; that it took almost nothing to get her off. And now, howling out her pleasure, she definitely got off as Tony's rigid cock took her right over the edge.

I probably could've have climaxed too, with Bob's hard and profoundly stimulating thickness inside me, but I like to stretch it out and hold back when I can. This was going to quite a scene I could tell, and I had just begun to party.

Now Vicki lifted herself off of Tony.

"Let's try something else now, let's have Tony fuck you, huh Becky? I'm sure he'd love to check you out, wouldn't you Tony?" she said, pulling Bob off of me.

I didn't quite know what to do next.

"Why don't you fuck her from behind?" Vicki said to Tony, then turned to me. "On your knees, Becky!"

I scampered up on my elbows and knees, bottom raised high as Tony got behind me and slid it right up my cunt.

Now Becky dragged Bob over so we was sitting on the bed in front of me, his big cock right at my face.

"Look what's handy," Becky said, grabbing hold of her boyfriend's cock and tugging it up to my face. I looked at Bob. That horny, lustful gaze never left his face. Then I looked at Vicki, the same carnal lust was animating her expression as was lighting up Bob's.

Now I gazed, mesmerized, at Bob's cock. As immensely appealing as it had been when I first laid my eyes on it, it was twice as appealing now that it was all slick from having spend the last ten minutes reaming my cunt!

"Oh yeah!" Vicki hissed. "Eat it again, eat it while Tony fucks you!"

And that's what I did. Tony was fucking me just beautifully from behind as I wrapped my lips around Bob's fat cock, again showing him why someday I plan to win the Nobel Prize for cocksucking! Vicki even helped out some, licking his shaft along with me, and tonguing his balls.

"And here's something else he likes," she said, pressing back on his thighs and jackknifing his legs, exposing his asshole, which was suddenly staring me in the face. "Feel like having a taste of this too?"

"Sure," I said, dragging my tongue along the length of Bob's crack, until the tip of my tongue ran over the slightly raised ridge of his asshole. And then I dug right in, slurping away at his anus as Vicki took his cock between her lips and sucked him. He was one happy stud, I knew. As was Tony, slamming it into my snug, warm cunt.

Now Vicki suddenly got up and disappeared out of sight to join Tony behind me. I took advantage of her departure to move from Bob's asshole to his cock. I couldn't get enough of that thick slab of prime male meat!

I could sense Vicki pulling Tony out of me so just the tip of his cock remained in my pussy.

And then I felt something new. Vicki was wedging her face between Tony's stomach and my buttocks, burying her face into that space and working her tongue into my asshole!

"Geez!" I yelped. "What are you doing, Vicki?"

"I'm starting to get you ready for something else, babe, something I know you're going to love."

And I knew what that was too!

After she licked me back there I could feel her sliding a finger inside.

"Mmmmmh, nice and tight," she said. "You probably haven't had anything substantial up there for quite a while."

"That is so true," I said.

I closed my eyes and sucked that beautiful cock of Bob's while Tony slowly fucked me and Vicki fingered my ass.

Then, looking over, I saw Vicki opening a dresser drawer and pulling out a tube of something from it. I immediately guessed what that tube contained. The next thing I knew, Becky was squeezing a big dab of cool lubricating jelly over my asshole. I had used that kind of jelly in the past, so I knew just how it felt.

"Ooooh, that feels cold," I said.

"Let's warm it up then," Becky said, as she slid a couple of fingers inside, working the jelly around.

I had a feeling what would be next... and I couldn't wait for it!

Vicki now pulled Tony's cock out of my pussy and wedged the tip against my greased asshole. I even stopped sucking Bob a moment so I could fully savor the sensation as Tony entered me back there.

"Yes!" I hissed as I felt his rigid shaft fill my rectum.

"Uh huh!" Vicki screeched. "Fuck that ass!"

Tony started fucking it alright, fucking it with the same vigor he had fucked my cunt.

Now Vicki was up with me and Bob again, staring into my eyes as I kept giving her boyfriend head while Tony sodomized me.

"Doesn't it feel good? Taking it back there?" she asked.

"I love it!" I said, and I meant it too. Anal sex and me have always gotten along real, real well.

Vicki lowered her eyes to Bob's cock, then glanced at me with her sexy, big eyes.

"Now how'd you like to try taking this up the ass?" she asked, a wicked grin on her face.

Of course I had been thinking about just that, wondering whether I could accomplish it, fearful that I couldn't and that would be a letdown in the proceedings.

"Oh, I'd like to, alright," I said honestly. "It's just that I don't know if I can."

"Well, why don't you at least try," Vicki urged.

I looked her in the eye. She could sense that I really wanted it, I really wanted this immense cock I was stroking and sucking planted right up my ass!

"Sure, I'll try it," I said.

Vicki looked as though she had just been told that she won the lottery.

Immediately she bolted back there and pulled Tony out of me. Then beckoned Bob over. My eyes followed that massive cock of Bob's as he joined his girlfriend behind me.

Tony just sat back by the headboard, fisting his cock, fresh out of my bottom, as he watched. Tony's vigorous thrusting had already opened me up there, so I was more ready for Bob now than I would have been otherwise. I could feel Vicki rubbing the big, smooth knob against my dilated hole after adding another gob of lubricating jelly.
