 ** This is a continuation of my story series of how I became a bull. These are real stories, names changed. I would love any and all feedback.** 

***

Continuing from my last story, Lauren was now fully turned into a little sexual deviant. I met with her and Kyle every few days. I banged her relentlessly and we explored a little more each time. Eventually Kyle started joining in on the action and he would fuck her from behind while she sucked me or she would ride my big cock while blowing him. We eventually did DP with her on top of me in her pussy and Kyle fucking her ass. It went OK, as mentioned in the prior story, Kyle was only about 5" long. 

I even took her out to a bar one night alone where she wore a tight skirt and a low hanging shirt showing plenty of boob. After a few drinks she started rubbing my cock discreetly before suggesting we go to the bathroom. I obviously agreed and we headed to the one person bathroom and locked the door behind us. I suggested we take a picture and send to Kyle and she giggled at the idea. She quickly pulled down my pants and my semi hard 8" very thick cock flopped out and she immediately started stroking and sucking on it. I pulled out my phone and snapped a quick pic from the side of her with half my cock in her mouth. 

I let her suck for about a minute before flipping her around and pulling up her tiny skirt to reveal nothing underneath. I let her know how slutty she was as I slid my cock into her wet pussy and pounded hard. I handed the phone to her and she took a picture of me slamming her from behind. I quickly finished, blasting a load inside her and we both put on our clothes and left the bathroom one by one. Back at the bar we looked at the pics and sent them to Kyle. Within a few minutes he texted back a pic of himself stroking his cock and said "HOT!". A few minutes later I noticed a little bit of cum sliding down her thigh, not wearing anything underneath had made her susceptible to cum leakage. She laughed and wiped it away with a napkin. 

We proceeded to drink, she flashed her pussy to half the bar (mostly on purpose) and got hit on relentelssly. One attractive guy offered for both of us to go back to his place so we could tag team her. I could see her eyes screaming "yes" but we stuck to the script not knowing what Kyle's reaction would be. It's one thing for him to let me go out with her and fuck her at will, but not sure what he would think if I let another guy tag team her. At 2am I took her to the truck and slammed her in the backseat. It wasn't the best fuck ever, we were both quite intoxicated but it did the trick. We took the Uber back and she drunkenly fucked Kyle upon walking in the door. 

A few days later I spoke with Kyle and told him how many guys hit on her and the one guy who suggested going to his place for a 3some. Kyle lit up and asked why we didn't take him up on it. I wasn't surprised, but kind of disappointed we hadn't gone for it a few nights earlier. I figured he would be Ok with it as he had gone all in on swinging and could not get enough of Lauren playing with me. 

I decided to call Lauren and asked her if she wanted to go out again the next weekend and she was good with it. I secretly had a plan to connect with another guy who was down for a 3some and surprise Lauren (and Kyle) with it. Fortunately in my new found status as a reviewed Bull, I knew of other Bulls in the area and started contacting a few of them who had certain attributes. Namely I wanted them to be in shape, extremely well hung and easy going. 

Over the next few days I spoke with a few guys and narrowed it down to one, a guy named Marcus who seemed to fit all requirements. I met up with him Friday night to say hello and explain a little more. He was a cool guy, very easy going and obviously had plenty of experience. Physically he was 6'3", half white half Hispanic, in great shape. 

Saturday night comes and Lauren and I head to the bar. We chat for a while, she is wearing heels, white skin tight jeans, and a shirt with cleavage per usual. When she bends down you could see the slight outline of a pink g-string under the white pants. I thought Marcus may like that. Just like planned, Marcus showed up at 10 and came and said hello to us. I said hello to him and introduced him to Lauren as a friend of mine. She was very happy to meet him.

Over the next hour we drank, chatted and got friendlier. I began rubbing her thighs under the table and she responded by giving me a couple cock rubs. Eventually Marcus suggested we go to his place to have a drink and sit on the balcony. We all agreed and headed over there. On the way over Lauren turned to me and asked what was up. I let her know that whatever happens will be Ok and Kyle would be happy, she grinned and turned around. Lauren was silent the rest of the ride, I could tell she was a little nervous and excited.

We got to his place and grabbed a drink. She lost the heels and we all went on his balcony. After some chatting he slid his hand over her amazing ass and she immediately turned and kissed him. With her back now to me I took the opportunity to smack her ass and give it a good squeeze. Marcus guided her back into the house, closing the balcony door. They fell onto the bed still kissing, him grabbing her ass with her legs straddling him, her back bent and her little pink g-string peaking over the top of the white pants. 

Her hands gravitated down to his crotch and she began rubbing his growing bulge through the jeans. I slid off my pants, my large thick cock already at its hardest. I grabbed my phone and started taking a video of her and him going at it. She got up off him and undid his belt and then unzipped his pants, sliding them off. His giant cock was now obvious in his boxers and she let a little gasp out. 

His cock was obviously very hard and was going sideways across his body, reaching almost all the way across his right thigh and touching the bed. It looked like it may be close to 10". She slide her hand along it and used her other hand to cradle his balls through his boxers. She then slide his boxers down until she had to tug them over his rock hard cock. Out popped a beautiful giant cock, something you only see in the biggest of big cock porn. It was 10" as I suspected and thick to match with a good head. It curved sideways a bit and the shaft had two distinctive colors, the top half darker than the bottom half. She turned to me and said "what the fuck?" in total disbelief. 

She grabbed the cock, her little hand barely covering half of it, she grabbd the rest of it with her other hand. It looked like she was holding onto a bar. I quickly took the opportunity to take a picture of her standing in front of him with both hands holding his shaft and his cock head popping out the top. She started to slowly go hand over hand stroking his comically large cock. Then she bent over and started sucking the head of his cock while stroking at the same time and made him moan. I walked over to her and she stopped sucking his cock and put mine in her mouth, still stroking him. She was able to keep this up for a few minutes until getting tired and I suggested we all lay on the bed so we all laid down, her in the middle. Both of us were unclothed, hard cock while she was still totally clothed. 

She grabbed each cock in a hand and started stroking. This wasn't the first and wouldn't be the last time in my life where I was in a room with a very large cock, but it would only happen once more where I felt absolutely tiny compared to the cock next to me. Between the extra 2" and extra girth of his cock and balls, it must have been just under 50% bigger than mine. Still her little hands felt great on my cock as she went up and down and as I got to watch her work both of us. 

Marcus suggested that she cut down on the clothes so she shed the pants and shirt and climbed back to the bed in her pink g-string and blue bra. He asked that she stroke our cocks but with her back to us which she did. She bent down on her knees with her legs tucked under as she grabbed our cocks again. Marcus slapped her bare ass and snapped her g-string which made her startle a little. I reached up and quickly undid her bra and it fell off and her tits fell out, nipples hard as a rock. I took the opportunity to caress them and rubbed her nipples as Marcus had started to reach under her and rub her pussy. 

She began to bounce on his hand as he rubbed and I stood up and stood in front of her so that she could swallow my cock and allocate both hands to his enormous cock. We started to all moan and get closer but I wasn't ready for our first cum like this. I pulled out my cock and stood her up, immediately rubbing her pussy and sliding a finger inside her under the g-string. Marcus stroked his cock with one hand and smacked her ass with the other. 

After a moment or two I moved her over, kissed her and whispered "Get ready" as I guided her lower towards a 10" rock hard cock that was pointed straight at her lowering pussy. She slowly bent her knees as I helped her down and pulled aside her g-string as his cock made contact with the fabric. She was now squatting straight down and Marcus was holding her hips. I helped guide his cock head into her pussy and she slowly lowered further, his shaft now entering her. He slightly thrusted upwards, pushing some of his cock into her and she cursed loudly as it entered her and came back out. But I knew her to be a total cock slut and knew she would be determined to take it all and she kept lowering herself. Within a minute or two she found herself with her ass on his chest, her pussy being filled with 10" of huge cock. 

From there she worked herself up and down, just as she had done on my cock weeks earlier. Her muscular legs and ass propelled herself up and down, her screams became louder as his cock grew even harder and he thrusted with her bouncing, bottoming her out and pushing her body to the limit. His big balls bounced with every thrust until she reached down and cupped them with a hand. 

At this point in time my cock was leaking cum I was so hard. I stood in front of her as she bounced and stroked my cock, preparing a giant load of cum for her. She counted and he thrusted for a few minutes, it was the loudest sex I have ever heard as she was screaming in pleasure and pain of being stretched. She finally came and screamed as her pussy clamped down on his cock and he thrusted so hard that they both fell forward into me as Marcus began unloading his cum inside her. She was now face down as he was thrusting his cock deeper and deeper into her as his cum filled her. 

I had moved to in front of her, still stroking and lifted her face up and then blew my load straight into her face, spraying it all over, stream after stream of cum hittig her face. 

He slowly slid his cock out as everyone collapsed on the bed. Lauren was completely out of it, her legs still spread with cum dripping out of her pussy (her g-string was torn) and her face covered in cum as she licked some of it around her mouth. 

I was the first to move and got up to get a couple towels and a drink. As I was getting a drink Lauren came in the kitchen, cum literally running down her legs. She cupped my balls and grabbed my shaft and began aggressively kissing me which made my cock grow hard in an instant. She flipped around, bent over the bar stool and said "your turn". Despite her pussy being a complete mess, I dove in and rammed my comparatively small cock in her pussy. She was significantly looser than I had ever felt her but it didn't take me long, especially after I finger fucked her ass as I fucked her. Before long she had another load in her, her pussy streaming cum. 

We both walked back to the room and cleaned up a little with towels. Marcus had started to stir, his now soft cock flopping around like an elephant trunk. After a few minutes Marcus flipped on the TV, but instead of TV it was porn. He selected an amateur video "Girlfriend fucks friend's big cock" which featured a girl about 25 years old fucking a skinny white guy with a super skinny but incredibly long cock. 

Marcus started slowly stroking his cock and I almost felt bad for Lauren because I knew she was about to get it again. Fortunately I also knew this video would be turning her on and it was, she was lightly rubbing her clit in a circular motion. 

Marcus then switched to a video about a MFM threesome where they were trying DP. He suggested we try it. Lauren practically flew to his cock, mounted him and slid his cock in. I climbed on top and started licking and fingering her ass, eventually beginning to work my cock inside. She had his cock balls deep by now and I could feel how much he was stretching her as I got further and further inside her ass. Eventually I was all the way in and we got our rhythm. I remembered I needed a picture and grabbed the phone which was nearby fortunately. I was able to get a picture showing her impaled on his cock with me balls deep in her ass. Kyle would masturbate to this for years. 

We picked up pace and that became the loudest sex I have ever heard. Lauren was deafening as she mianed and screamed with every rhythmic thrust filling both her pusssy and ass with 18" of cock. Needless to say nobody lasted too long and cum went everywhere. She was now a certifiable cum whore, a hot wife who was addicted to large cock and cum. 

I tapped out the rest of the evening but Marcus and Lauren fooled around a few times and he pounded her out on the balcony as the sun came up. As I drove her home in the morning she kissed me, and as I walked her to the door and met Kyle she pulled me inside and sucked my cock on the front entrance as Kyle watched. She thanked me and grabbed Kyle's package as she closed the door. 

She met up with Marcus a few more times but ultimately his cock was a little too big for her. She only enjoyed it on occasion when she was feeling especially slutty. I continued to meet with her for years, not too often but usually about once a month. I had other interests by that time, despite Lauren's ridiculous body and ass and her amazingly slutty side.