 Living in California, especially close to Los Angeles and the San Fernando Valley, not to mention, everything you can see on the internet, I was exposed to porn at an early age. I would see flyers and online ads wanting girls to audition with a promise of becoming a porn star and hopes of making lots of money. Every so often, I would be on social media and inevitably a huge dick would periodically pop up, so pornography was just the norm in my life. 

As I entered puberty, my curiosity increased, along with my experimentation, but overall, I just never paid much attention to all the porn around me until I had a semi-sexual affair with a teacher my senior year. I was eighteen, considered myself an adult, so I was tempted by a hot older guy and succumbed. That is when I really learned about fetish sex and all the worlds surrounding it. I started paying more attention.

I considered myself an attractive girl with my blond hair, athletic body, and never a lull in interest from boys. In addition to my affair, I only had intercourse with one boy and at that time, he was still my boyfriend. I began to notice I was really enjoying it. It was so exciting and fresh. I wanted to do something sexual every day and I wondered if that was normal. Experimentation was at its highest. Corey and I were fulfilling those daily needs with each other. However, I began to fantasize about different things while he was fucking me. Whether it was the older neighbor down the street or the running back on the football team with a huge dick, I began to entertain many sexual fantasies. I noticed the wilder the scenario in my mind, the stronger my orgasm would be. 

These thoughts caused me to frequently masturbate. Even after Corey and I would have sex, I would go home, back to my room and diddle myself to several more orgasms while either fantasizing about other guys or surfing online porn until I found that erotic specialty for the evening. I noticed that I would get off to gangbang porn more than any other type. Just seeing those girls take several cocks in one setting would make me cum instantaneously. For the longest time, my masturbation porn of choice was exclusively gangbang in nature. 

The summer had just started and I hadn't been 18 very long. Corey and I were still together and I cared for him but his 5 inch cock and routine drilling were no longer getting the job done. I began to have needs. I needed variety and wanted to experiment even more. I began thinking more and more about how to get into a porn movie and how much it paid. I was scared to go to an agency but the thought would make my pussy very moist. 

After about a week of giving it some serious thought, I applied online to an agency. I had to send a picture and fill out a questionnaire. The worst thing that could happen was they would say, "no". Within a couple of hours, I received a response for an audition. The day of my interview arrived and I told Corey that I was going to shop with a girlfriend in Los Angeles for a couple of hours. I wanted to impress, so before I left, I bathed, painted my nails and toes cherry red and shaved my pussy while sitting on the edge of the tub. I was as smooth as glass.

I wore extra makeup, glitter lip gloss, diamond earrings and curled my hair. You would have thought I was going to the prom which I had just attended a month before this day. Wearing a cute skirt, closed toe heels and a tight white blouse to show off my toned body, I was off to my audition. 

I entered this big building as my nervousness and excitement were fighting with each other. A secretary met me in the main office. She greeted me, "Hi, you must be Brittni?" As I agreed and shook her hand, she continued, "You are going to be with Dennis today. He flew in from Seattle for the audition. They must really like you. Did you bring the paperwork?"

I handed her my identification and a copy of my birth certificate. They were very strict about a girl's age for legal purposes. 

"Wow, you just turned 18 recently. You are just a baby and very beautiful too. Dennis will see you in a few minutes. You can just have a seat right there," the nice secretary directed as she photocopied my credentials and had me fill out a disclaimer that could not hold the agency responsible if I were to get pregnant among other things. 

Within ten minutes, an older gentleman in his forties with a grey goatee came out and introduced himself, "Hi. You must be Brittni? You are even prettier in real life. I'm Dennis, nice to meet you."

I thanked him, shook his hand and he asked me to follow him to a casting room where they hold auditions. We walked inside and it was a small room that had a black leather couch, a desk with a chair, a fake tree in the corner, some fake plants and pictures on the wall. There was also a hand held video camera on the desk along with two more sitting on tripods. 

Dennis calmly instructed, "Don't be nervous Brittni. Please have a seat on the couch. Before we do anything, I'm going to ask you a series of questions. It's called the initial interview process and I video it. We are an internet adult entertainment business and if you are selected as one of our clients, you will rapidly become very popular. You will get a huge fan base and one of our most frequent request is to see the initial interview. I will ask you some questions and you just answer as honestly as you can. It will be no big deal. Ok?"

I tucked my short skirt under my butt, and sat down with my legs together as Dennis walked over and turned on the two tripod cameras before directing me again, "If you mess up, don't worry about it, we can edit it out later. Just relax and have fun. Oh, yea, you need to have a stage name and not use your real name to prevent perverts and stalkers out there from bothering you in case you become a star. Have you thought about one?" 

I thought for a second, then responded, "How about that?"

Dennis crinkled his eyebrows and asked, "How about what?" 

"How about Starr? It has a nice sound to it, don't you think?" I asked.

"You know, I like it. There you go. Your stage name is now Starr. Perfect." Dennis agreed.

I was nervous but ready when Dennis began the interview, "Today we have this beautiful blonde young lady with us today. Hello. What is your name and how old are you?"

I smiled and responded, "Hi. I'm Starr and I recently turned 18 years old."

"Wow you are so young. Have you ever done anything like this before?" Dennis asked. 

I responded, "No, this is my first time. Thank you for having me."

"The pleasure is all ours. So tell us Starr, what brings you here today?" Dennis continued the interview. 

I thought, hesitated, then answered, "I really like sex and want to experiment and have some fun."

"That's cool. You told me earlier that you have only been with one guy and you are still with him now?" Dennis asked. 

"Yes. He is my first serious boyfriend and the first and only guy I have been with. I had an affair with a teacher when I was in high school but we didn't have intercourse, just other types of sex. My boyfriend is very sweet but he's...well...he's not very big down there and I just want to try something new," I smiled.

"Well lovely Starr, you won't have to worry about that. I will be sure you get something bigger today," Dennis snickered. 

"Do you like to give blowjobs?" Dennis asked.

"Of course. What girl doesn't?" I responded.

Dennis laughed, "Well, there are many girls who don't, so that makes you wonderful. Do you swallow?"

"Of course. What girl doesn't?" I responded again, making fun of my previous answer before continuing, "I do swallow. I have always liked the taste of cum and it turns me on when a guy does it in my mouth. I get so horny when it happens. My girlfriends think I'm crazy." 

Dennis laughed again, "Now you just jumped from wonderful to flat out amazing. Ok, so you say you love when a guy cums in your mouth, but how about when a guy cums in your pussy? Do you like that too?" 

I smiled, "It has only happened once and that was by accident. My boyfriend's condom slipped off one time when we were having sex and when I felt it squirt inside me, I started having one of my best orgasms ever. Just feeling it twitch and release made me...um....cum like crazy." 

Dennis smiled, "And that's another reason why you're here today. You want to audition so you can feel many dicks cum inside you, is that correct?"

I giggled, "Definitely. It is a huge fantasy of mine and I think it would be so hot to try it." 

"Have you ever had one shoot off inside your ass?" Dennis asked..

"No, but I really want to. I have masturbated with a dildo in my ass and I have great orgasms that way but my boyfriend thinks anal sex is dirty," I pouted. 

"Luckily we don't. With us, you can have all the dicks in your ass that you can take," Dennis chuckled again. 

Dennis continued the interview, "Hopefully, the company picks you up and you get an opportunity to make all that a reality. Could you do me a favor? I want you to take off your clothes so we can see that tight little body of yours. You can leave your high heels on." 

I stood up, crossed my arms and pulled my shirt up over my head as my hair flopped back in place. Then I reached behind me and unhooked my bra and dropped it on the floor beside my shirt while my 34c boobs were exposed to Dennis and the cameras. Using my thumbs, I hooked the sides of my skirt, sliding it down to my ankles before doing the same with my thong. When all my clothes were lying in a pile, I sat back down on the cold leather couch. 

"You have an amazing body Starr. Your tits are so perky and nice. Would you mind spreading your legs and showing us that beautiful pussy of yours?" Dennis first complimented then requested before grabbing the hand held camera to get a closer shot.

I leaned back, hiked my legs up and spread them wide. The cool air felt good against my lips and the thought of the camera showing my most private part caused the excitement inside of me to rise. It validated that I had an exhibition side to my sexuality. I even took two fingers and spread my lips so that Dennis could get a close up shot of my inner vagina. 

"I don't just say this to anyone, but that is one sweet looking pussy," Dennis mumbled while he videoed. 

I thanked him before he asked for more, "Can you masturbate a little for me? Maybe even finger yourself while you do it?" 

I knew I was in the right place because as we continued, I was getting more turned on and wetter. I rubbed my clit in a circular motion with my middle finger as I would moan and keep eye contact with the camera. It felt good to expose my myself and with Dennis zooming in, I slid my finger deep inside myself and cooed, "Oh, I'm so wet. I'm going to make myself cum," right before I pulled it out and stuck it in my mouth like I was licking a lollipop. 

When I began to run my finger in and out of my mouth like I was giving it a blowjob, Dennis deeply groaned, "Ohhh fuck. You are so naughty. I'm gonna give you something to suck on."

Dennis was already unbuckling his pants and allowing them to fall as he said those words. His fat hairy cock plopped out in front of him. It was veiny and a good inch and one half longer than Corey's. He kicked his pants off to the side before moving toward me and straddling my knees. As he stood, looking down, I leaned in and took hold of his thick dick before wrapping my mouth around the bulbous head much to the delight of a gurgling Dennis. 

"That's it baby, suck it. Mmmm, suck that dick like a good girl. Yea, just like that. Look up here at the camera while you do it," Dennis panted as I deepthroated his meat while cupping his balls. 

When my eyes focused upward, Dennis was capturing every moment on video with the hand held camera. I just smiled and continued to slurp away. He moaned a little louder when I spit on it and slathered a few good strokes with my hand before continuing his blowjob.

"Oh honey, you better stop before I unload in your mouth. I need to get some of that sweet innocent pussy," Dennis desperately exclaimed while helping me up and walking me to the desk with camera still in hand. 

While still wearing my heels, the added height made it even easier to jump up and sit on the edge of the desk. Dennis sat the camera down and got on his knees between my legs. Taking me by my calves, Dennis lifted my legs before planting his tongue right between my slit. It struck me how warm his mouth was as he began to lick. I noticed he would lick from a distance so the side cameras could capture the action. Dennis would swirl his tongue around my nub before parting my lips again.

Now it was my turn to coax him as I gently put one hand on the back of his head while tilting my own skyward, "Oh yes. Oh yes! You like that smooth, young pussy don't you, Dennis? Your tongue feels so good against my eighteen year old pussy. Do I taste good? Keep eating it."

I was wanting to really put on a verbal show because I know how much that excites guys but I was turning myself on just as much. I was emphasizing how young I was to give myself an advantage. After about 10 minutes of feasting on my twat, Dennis stood up with precum dripping from his tip, stuck his hand out to help me off the desk before turning me around and bending me over it. 

My nipples were hard and became harder when they touched the cool smooth surface. I just prepared myself when Dennis put his slimy mushroom just inside my labia before moving it around. As he wiggled, he walked closer until I felt his manhood easing inside me. I didn't realize how wet I was until his girth slid in without much trouble. I could definitely feel that he was larger than Corey. I was ready and needed to be pounded. 

Dennis took hold of my hips and began fucking me. It felt so good to be taking a strange man's cock. His pubic hair kept mashing into my ass cheeks with every thrust. I could feel myself about to cum and the thought of it being videoed only fueled my lust. He stopped fucking long enough to put the camera on the desk facing me before starting back up. 

"Oh baby. You're pussy is so tight. I want you to look into the camera while you enjoy it," huffed Dennis. 

With that camera in my face, I gave it back to him, "Fuck me Dennis. Harder. Pound my tight little hole. You know you want it. Give me your big dick. Give it to me." 

When Dennis began to speed up, it sent me into an amazing orgasm as I squealed, "Oh! Ohhh! Ohhhh! Yeeesss!"

Before my twitching vagina even stopped, Dennis pulled his cum covered cock out of my hole and for the next few minutes, nothing was happening. That is when I felt him put the head flat up against my anus. 

"Ok baby, it's time. You said even though you had never done anal, you would like to try it. Well, that time is now. Take a deep breath," he warned before pushing just a little. 

I winced and clenched my teeth as his head began spreading my sphincter until it popped inside. My breathing was a little labored but not near as bad as I anticipated. Dennis slowly pressed until each inch had lodged itself up my rectum. Only using my cum as lube, he acted very gentlemanly, allowing me to get acclimated to its size before moving it in and out. After the initial pressure and pain subsided, it began to feel good. 

"I thought your pussy was tight but your ass feels just like a fuckin glove. Oh, shit. I love this ass of yours," Dennis gasped as he slowly pumped. 

His cock was vibrating something inside my vagina and I felt as though I might cum again. As I approached that orgasm, Dennis stopped and moved me over to the couch and had me lay down on my back with my head propped up on the arm. Dennis was still wearing his shirt and shoes but that didn't prevent him from climbing on top of me. With no extra room to move, he lifted my legs up and back, creating a perfect angle to reinsert himself back into my butt. 

Once his dick was reinserted back into my ass and my high heels dangling over his shoulders, Dennis wasted no time fucking it once again. I never knew how enjoyable anal sex could be but feeling him do his thing, I knew right then and there that I would be doing it a lot more after that day. We continued to exchange dirty talk. Dennis was getting closer to shooting his load. With the cameras still rolling Dennis's pumping became irregular. 

"Can I have your cum? Please? Cum on my face. I need your hot load all over my face," I begged. 

Dennis kept humping and pumping, "You got it baby. Get ready. Oh, shit, here it co..."

In a flash, Dennis pulled his dick out of my ass and pinched it off. He quickly scooted forward, overtop my chest, aiming it directly to my face before yelling, "Open your mouth. Fuck! Open it up! Aughhhh!"

By then, he was beating his meat like a monkey at a zoo. Cum flew from the tip and plopped me in the eye before the rest of this thick sperm splattered on my nose, tongue and forehead. I could even feel droplets landing in my hair. I can still remember to this day, how warm and thick it was. I was just hoping it would look good on camera and viewers would like it. 

When Dennis had finished giving me a facial, he quickly got up and directed, "Just wait right there baby. Leave it on so I can take some pictures. So with one eye closed and the other looking through a sea of blurriness, Dennis snapped pics from all angles. I would periodically use my finger to drag a glob of cum to my mouth for swallowing and tell him how delicious it was. When the photo shoot had ended, he handed me a towel and after wiping my face, I got dressed. He told me that I did a great job and he would contact me very soon. 

As luck would have it, I received a call less than 24 hours later and they told me that they loved my audition, my age, my look, but most importantly, my attitude. I had gotten the job, so at that moment, I didn't know if I was excited or terrified, so I believe I was both. They also set up an appointment for me to meet Dennis on Friday to discuss the preliminaries and sign the contract. 

When I arrived back in Dennis's office, we greeted each other with a kiss before I sat down in the chair across from his desk as he explained, "Your scene will be what we call a creampie gangbang. They can use your pussy or your ass but not both. All of them will cum inside you. Your fans will love it. We will get the guys, don't worry, each one has to provide documentation that they are healthy two days before the shoot."

As Dennis spoke I became more excited. Just thinking about all those strange men fucking me, then shooting their loads inside me like the slut I sometimes fantasized about, was just so erotic. I got lost in my own mind thinking about being gangbanged, that I almost stopped listening, but thankfully, I focused once again. 

Dennis continued, "Our standard rate for a new girl is 2,000 dollars for the scene. Since you will do anal, that is an extra 500 and because you are doing creampie, that is another 500 so you will get paid 3,000 dollars total. Now listen, you can also have the option of 100 dollars per guy and take your chances on how many guys we can find off the street. Just think, if we find more than 20, you will already be making more money." 

Curiously I asked, "How do you find them?" 

"On our site, we will put an ad out, with a description of you, with a picture, your audition tape, tell them our criteria and see who responds and is willing to get a blood test. We will give them two weeks," Dennis filled me in. 

I thought, then decided, "I will take the deal of getting paid by each guy. But I still get the extra thousand for the other things I do, don't I?" 

"Oh yea, that's a standard deal," Dennis assuredly replied as he slid the contract over for me to sign. 

A few weeks went by and the day had finally arrived. I had cut Corey off completely so that I would be really horny and it worked. I needed to be fucked and fucked well. Following their recommendation because I was to do anal, I took an enema to clean myself out before I showered. That was the first time I had ever done that so it felt very strange but one cannot be too careful. Finishing up by shaving my pussy nice and smooth in front of the mirror, I was ready to go. They had told me they would do my hair and makeup, so I put my hair in a ponytail, threw on a pair of sweats and headed to the set. 
