 PRELUDE

I woke up in a strange apartment alone on a Saturday morning. I was naked in strange bed and things started coming back to me. What had I done last night? Was it a dream or real? I knew the answer, it was real. My thoughts shamelessly returned to my fiancé Martin when I glanced at my engagement ring. He had returned to the UK for a month but he had been gone less than two weeks. We had been so close when he was here and yet I forgot him so quickly giving into my dark side.

I got out of bed and found a bathroom, entering the shower I was unconcerned f anyone heard me. I needed to cleanse my body of all the dried man seed and leave as quickly as possible. Satisfied that my body was clean I stepped from the shower, dried off and went searching for my clothes. Locating my blouse and mini skirt I put them on. I had not worn a bra but I could not locate my panties. My elastic top hose was ruined so I discarded it and put on my shoes.

As I dressed and looked for my purse I thought of Martin. What would I tell him if he called? Then I wondered if he had called last night. I finally located my purse and left the apartment. Riding the elevator down to the first floor, I scolded myself for listening to my girlfriend and co-worker Sonya.

"Oh Tess, come along. You know that you will have a good time and I don't want to go out by myself," she had said begging me to go.

The truth be known is that I was lonely and I did not need much convincing. "Sevi will be there and you know that he thinks you are hot," Sonya had said.

Sevi was a tall dark handsome Spaniard who worked in the same department of the United Nations building as Sonya and me. He was 6'3" with deep piercing eyes and a charming voice. I was always leery of Sevi as he was always flirting with me even though he knew I was engaged to Martin. One time Martin and I along with Sevi and Sonya went to a New York Ranger hockey game. I was standing next to Sevi during the National Anthem and he had rubbed my ass the entire time. He liked making me uncomfortable and he enjoyed the uneasiness in me. I felt very vulnerable in his presence.

The elevator reached the first floor and I walked out of the apartment building. The doorman smiled at me and asked, "May I get you a taxi miss?" 

Not being exactly sure where I was I agreed and the doorman hailed a cab. He held the door open as I fished a dollar out of my purse. "I hope you enjoyed your evening miss," he remarked sarcastically almost as if he knew what had happened last night, what I had done.

As the taxi rumbled toward my apartment building on east 38th street, I felt as if everyone on the streets knew that I had given in to my darkest side the night before. It seemed as if the taxi driver kept staring at me in the rear view mirror. When I arrived my doorman greeted me and held the door open. Still I felt as if he knew too. I could not wait to get to my apartment, get out of my clothes and take a hot bath. The elevator ride to the 36th floor seemed like an eternity but finally I arrived. I walked quickly to the apartment and let myself in. My first move was to run the bath and then I undressed although it was just shoes, my blouse and skirt. Once the bath was ready I sank into the tub and soaked my achy body. I had not checked messages as I was not ready to hear Martin's voice. As I tried to relax in the bath my thoughts returned to the night before. What had I done? How would I be able to face anyone in the office again? What would I do if Martin was to find out about my slutty behavior?

FRIDAY NIGHT IN THE CITY

It was 5:00 PM on a Friday and the United Nations building was emptying out. Hundreds of people flooded the streets and parking structure. I was walking with Sonya and she was relentless with her pleas for me to join her and some others to go clubbing in Tribeca. It had been 10 days since Martin left and I was lonely so I gave in despite my reservations. Sonya was thrilled and we took a taxi from the Eastside to the Tribeca neighborhood. 

That day I was dressed in a mini skirt and blouse without a bra. I wore thigh high hose with elastic tops. My outfit showed off my 34-24-35 figure with shapely legs. My brown hair covered my neck and I felt very sexy. I had always heard whispers around the office about my figure particularly comments about my curvy ass. At age 36 I was at the peak of my sexuality and I was proud of the effect that I had on men. When Martin, eight years my senior, was in town he was very possessive and jealous of the attention I received from others.

We arrived at the first club and there were several people from our office there along with some others who I did not know. Some of them were already dancing to an upbeat number and several women danced with each other. We spotted Sevi at one of the tables and he had ordered several bottles of wine. Sonya and I moved to the table and joined the others. I was already on my second glass of wine when I spotted a very attractive young blonde dancing with a handsome European man. The woman was very graceful and her hips moved in a most seductive manner. She was wearing a thin blouse with no bra displaying a hint of decadence. Many male eyes were on her.

Sevi then spoke to me, "The woman is Natasha a very sexy Russian, don't you think?"

"Yes she does cause a bit of arousal," I answered.

Sevi laughed and then identified the man she was dancing with, "That is Tomaso. He has a real way with the ladies in his department at work. They say he is quite well endowed."

I was already getting uncomfortable being around Sevi but the wine had gone to my head and I replied, "And you know this how?"

Sevi touched my arm lightly and ran his fingers up toward my neck. Chills ran through me and goose bumps appeared on my arms. "The ladies who come to my office tell me this, the ones who take off their panties for me. They say that my cock is almost as large as Tomaso's."

I looked around for Sonya but the wine was clouding my vision. Then I spotted her dancing with a handsome blonde man who I had met once before. Herman was his name and he was a very handsome blonde haired German. Sevi's hand continued to stroke my bare arm and I was getting nervous and aroused at the same time. I was lost for words for several minutes but then Sevi spoke again.

He filled my glass with wine and whispered," Drink this and then I will introduce you to Tomaso."

Sevi got Tomaso's attention and he left the dance floor to join us. Herman then began dancing with Natasha and Sonya seemed to disappear from sight. "Tess I would like you to meet Tomaso," Sevi said.

"Tomaso, Tess was just telling me how much she wanted to dance with you," Sevi continued. 

I thought the nerve of Sevi to say that as I had no intention of dancing with Tomaso or anyone else for that matter. Still Tomaso took my hand and pulled me out to the dance floor just as the DJ switched to a slow melody. Tomaso took me in his arms and pulled me close to his hard body. He leaned in and whispered in my ear.

"I saw you looking at me before. I know that you want me. Sevi must have told you about my big cock."

"Nothing could be further from the truth," I snapped as I pushed him away.

I turned and looked for Sonya as I felt it was time to leave. She was no where to be found. "Probably found some hot guy," I thought.

I went back to the table and grabbed my purse and then headed for the ladies room. I had to get away from these assertive men. I ran into Sonya and she waited for me. When we returned to the table everyone was preparing to leave. "We have all been invited to a party," Sevi announced.

Everything happened so fast that we found ourselves in taxis creeping along the streets of Manhattan to some apartment building. When we arrived we were greeted by the doorman and he let everyone into the building. Minutes later the elevator was racing to the top floor, the penthouse level. We entered the apartment and a party was in full swing. At least there were other people at the party than just UN employees. 

I struck up a conversation with an older gentleman almost seeking asylum from the others. That didn't last long as Sevi came to me and put his arm around me as if we were an item. The wine had gone to my head and I didn't resist the embrace. I started wondering if Sevi's and Tomaso's cocks were really that big. My mind betrayed me and it was filled with erotic thoughts. My pussy was on fire and breasts ached. My rock hard nipples pressed against my blouse. Thoughts flew through my mind. My sex life was good with Martin and that should have been enough to satisfy me but my body was alive with desire.

Sevi leaned in and whispered in my ear, "Come with me Tess."

I knew that I should break away and leave but I couldn't. I followed Sevi's directive as if I was in a hypnotic trance or under some sort of spell. He held me close to him as he led me out of the main room down some hallway. I looked for Sonya but she was nit to be seen. In fact I did not see any of the UN people in the room. Sevi led me to one of the bedrooms and as I stared ahead I saw Sonya disappear into a different room with Tomaso.

We entered a room that was dimly lit but there was enough light to see that it was a bedroom. Sevi's hand caressed my bare shoulder sending shivers through me again. My pussy was wet and hot with desire. When my eyes adjusted to the dimly lit room I saw that there was another couple in the room. They were naked and she was kneeling on the bed and the guy was fucking her from behind. I watched as the guy thrust into her causing her to moan aloud.

I turned to leave but Sevi held me firmly and spoke softly. "Relax Tess, it's not like they are doing anything that we won't be doing."

Sevi closed the door behind us and I turned back toward the couple on the bed. I was able to make out their faces and saw that it was Natasha and Herman. Before I could utter another sound Sevi turned me toward him and kissed me. My lips instinctively opened and his tongue found mine. He held me tighter as our kisses became more urgent and my body was shaking. He took my hand and pushed it down over his crotch so I could feel his hardness. He felt huge and I suddenly had the desire to hold his cock in my hand. My heart was pounding and my pussy lips were swollen.

Sevi sensing my submission pushed me to my knees. I stared in anticipation as Sevi unbuckled his belt and unfastened his pants letting them drop to his ankles. He pulled his shorts down and his huge cock leaped out and bobbed in front of my face. He brought his hard cock to my face and it entered my mouth. I sucked him in deeply at least as deep as I could without gagging.

"That's it Tess suck my cock. I knew you would be a good cock sucker. I bet Martin loves it when you suck him until he cums in your sweet mouth," Sevi said softly.

I sensed he was close to cumming but then he pulled out and maneuvered me onto the bed where Natasha and Herman had fucked earlier. I continued to suck Sevi's cock and then I licked his balls and ran my tongue over his perineum. Sevi moaned loudly and just then I felt someone's hands under my skirt. My skirt was pushed up and I wondered if it was Herman getting ready to fuck me. 

"Take her panties off, Natasha," Sevi directed.

I had my answer as to whose hands were on my legs and panty covered bottom. Natasha pulled my panties off and I know that she found them wet with the odor of sex. Suddenly Sevi grabbed the back of my head and ejaculated into my mouth. The hot jets of cum flooded my mouth and covered my hand which I licked clean. Natasha removed my skirt and peeled off my hose. Someone else undid my blouse and it was removed from my body. Totally naked now, Sevi lifted me up onto the bed and moved between my legs. I was so aroused and so much in need of a cock in my pussy. I spread my legs for him and he entered me with one deep stroke. 

I came as he penetrated my wet pussy and my cunt contracted around his big thick shaft. Wave after wave of pleasure rushed through my body and then I screamed loudly as an orgasm of massive proportion ripped through me. I wrapped my legs around Sevi's torso as he pounded me with rapid movements in and out of dripping wet pussy. I knew that I would cum again before he did.

My eyes were closed as I rode into heaven on the big dick then I felt lips cover mine. I knew they were not Sevi's lips so I opened my eyes to see Natasha kissing me. Her soft warm hands moved to my breasts and she pulled on my hardening nipples as her soft wet kisses caressed my mouth. Sevi suddenly thrust into me and his cock pulsated as it filled my womb with his seed in an ejaculation that was long and deep.

Sevi pulled out of me and moved to my head with his softening cock before me. He stroked my silky hair as Natasha moved to my cunt. My legs were still spread wide from the vigorous fucking and she had easy access to my pussy. Her hands caressed my hip and belly as her tongue wormed its way into my vagina. She found the seed that she desired to taste and suck from my swollen pussy. I couldn't control my body and my hips rocked back and forth as if I could cum again. Natasha kept her active tongue against my clit while her hands caressed my ass and her fingers danced over my nether hole.

Sevi laughed at me when I stretched my neck and tried to reach his cock with my mouth, "Natasha, roll her over. We need to get her ass ready to be fucked."

Natasha left my pussy to roll me over on my belly and I complied as if I was still under some type of spell. Natasha's hair caressed my skin as her tongue and kisses moved down the small of my back to the crack of my ass and settled there. The tip of her tongue quickly located my anus which she rimmed and teased before penetrating it. She would run her tongue the length from my clit to my anus and probe me each time. It was as if she was lubricating her tongue with the juices from my pussy.

My head had been hanging down but I raised it to cry out when Natasha drove her tongue deep into my asshole. I saw Herman standing before me with his erect cock standing out from his blonde pubic hair. Without any hesitation I opened my mouth tasting him as well as Natasha's juices still present on his cock. 

As I sucked him deep I heard Sevi say, "Get him hard and wet Tess so he can fuck your sweet cute ass. You want to be fucked in the ass, don't you?"

My thoughts flashed back to the conversation that Martin and I had before he left for the UK. We had discussed anal sex and agreed to try it when he returned. Martin was so excited at the prospect of taking my virgin ass but now I knew that he would not be the first. I was out of control and I would be giving up my ass to a stranger but I felt that I needed a cock in there more than ever. My reaction was to push my ass back to receive Natasha's hot tongue.

What I sight I must have presented to Sevi with my hips arched in the air to receive Natasha's tongue in my ass while I sucked her lover's cock deep into my mouth. Herman then pulled his wet cock from my mouth and moved behind me as Natasha made one final plunge with her tongue into my anus. My head hung low as I waited for the inevitable anal deflowering as I sensed Herman's presence kneeling behind me.

I felt Natasha's tongue again and I looked between my legs at her. She alternated between licking my anus and sucking her lover's cock. I watched as she guided his wet hard cock toward my ass and then I felt him at the entrance. She held him as he inched into me and I held my breath as he slowly entered me. He felt so big and I had no idea how much cock he had in my rectum. Natasha moved under and licked my pussy as Herman's cock sank ever so slowly into my ass.

I didn't think that it was possible to cum again but cum I did as Natasha licked my clit and Herman thrust into my ass. He must have been all the way in because he began thrusting harder and faster. My ass had loosened up to receive him and I screamed aloud as a massive orgasm rocked my body and I flooded Natasha's face. Sevi had moved in front again and brought his cock back to my mouth. I sucked his big cock while he watched my virgin ass being fucked. 

The intensity of my orgasm caused my ass to tighten around the rigid cock bringing Herman to his orgasm. He held my hips as he ejaculated into my bowels. I felt his cock shooting stream after stream into me as his cock pulsated and filled my rectum. Herman also cried out and announced that he was cumming. I was spent and I collapsed on the bed thinking that my ordeal was over. All I could think of was what it Martin could see me now with cum dripping from my ass and pussy, not to mention the seed in my belly. Seemingly alone I rested for a few minutes before I realized that someone else had joined me on the bed.

I looked to see who it was and I saw Tomaso naked on his knees. His cock was semi-erect and even in that state it looked huge. Natasha moved toward him and her beautiful naked breasts swung freely as she took his cock into her mouth. I watched as she took as much as she could down her throat and Tomaso held her hair back so we could watch. Tomaso's cock was so large and thick when fully erect that Natasha was only able to get the head into her mouth. Natasha was overcome with desire and her sluty mouth ran up and down the length of the shaft stopping at the top to take the head back in. Tomaso was uncut and Natasha enjoyed playing with foreskin and causing it to recede each time.

Sevi was back beside me stroking my hair and he spoke softly again, "Oh my beautiful Tess, who would have guessed you to be such a good fuck. Does Martin know this side of you, what a slut you are?"

Sevi continued stroking my hair and his hand moved toward my pussy. His long thick fingers entered me and he diddled my clit with his thumb. I responded by pushing my hips up to receive his fingers and my mouth searched for his cock again.

"Ah Tess, I can see that you still need more. The way your pussy is clenching my fingers am I right?" he asked.

My hips thrust against his hand and I realized that he was right. I did need more and I desperately wanted a cock in my pussy. I could not believe my own voice when I said, "Yes, I need a hard cock in me, please someone fuck me."

Tomaso freed his cock from Natasha's mouth and he hovered over me. I was incredibly turned on by the sight of this young man with his huge cock. His strong hands lifted me toward him and my legs splayed open to receive him. He paused between my legs and grinned at me as he positioned his cock at the entrance to my cunt. I stared at the imposing cock and wondered how it would ever fit inside me. I had never taken a cock that size but Tomaso was gentle as he slowly pushed into me. I was so full and he was stretching my pussy to new limits.

I sensed that Tomaso had fucked enough girls that he knew to be gentle and caring but as my orgasm started he began fucking me in earnest. He grunted as he thrust into me over and over as I seemed to have a continuous string of orgasms. I didn't think that I would ever stop cumming. I was delirious from my climax but I faintly heard Sevi's voice.

"Roll her over Tomaso."

Tomaso rolled to his back keeping his cock buried in my cunt and then he spoke to me. 

"Now you are happy you fucked me aren't you? I knew you wanted it when I first met you. Make me cum now, work that tight cunt of yours you slut."

As much as I hated hearing those words I realized that he was right. I loved his big cock filling me and I needed so badly to keep cumming. I started to ride his cock in front of Sevi, Natasha, Herman and even Sonya who was now in the room. It was just pure fucking for the engaged Tess in front of everyone. 

Sevi could not resist mentioning my fiancé Martin again. "I wish your fiancé Martin was here to see what I little slut you are.
