 I wake up from a good sleep. I hear noises downstairs, people talking; I now remember the doorbell ringing just as I was falling asleep. I get dress and head downstairs. They're all sitting at the kitchen table having a drink, talking away; Kat, Steve, Mel, Johanna and Josh. Johanna and Josh are good friends of ours, very good friends. Actually the two of them and I have partied together quite a few times before. Never with Kat, don't know why, it just didn't happen, I think they weren't Kats type, sexually I mean. And it wasn't the same as with Steve and Kat, there was no touching between guys. Josh is totally straight and I respect that. After all he's the one missing on something great. But she would've loved to see us fooling around, she told me once that one of her fantasies was to have a guy fuck her in the ass while he was getting assfucked. And what an ass on her, not tiny, nice and round, don't take me wrong, she's not fat, just comfortable. In other words her ass is made for fucking and she loves it, that woman as her best orgasm while getting her asshole fucked real hard. 

I sit at the table with them, Steve hands me a cold beer and we start talking. I find out they've ordered pizza for supper, great I'm starved. The supper arrives and we stuff ourselves. After supper we all retire to the bar in the basement to shoot some pool. 

"I have an idea, why don't we make the game a little more interesting?" Mel says.

"Sure what's on your mind?" I answer.

"Well we'll play strip-snookers, guys against girls and every time someone misses a shot he or she has to remove a piece of clothing."

Johanna adds: "and when someone has no more clothing to remove and he misses again then the other team can make him do anything they want."

Everyone agrees and the game starts.

The girls go first, J breaks and sinks a red ball but then misses the colored ball, no argument from her and she removes her top. Everyone in the room whistles, nice lacy bra enveloping her round C tits.

Next it's Josh's turn, he sinks a few balls till he misses on a red ball, and he takes off his sweatshirt, whistles again. Well the guy has been working out a bit and he's put on a few pound, he used to be a little too skinny, he sure looks good now, and from the look in Kats eyes I can see she agrees with me.

The game goes on like that for about an hour until everyone is completely naked except for Steve, he still has his socks on. And the guys are all sporting hardons.

After Steve looses his socks it's Johanna's turn to play, I think she's a little nervous, she goes for the yellow, sinks it, but the cue ball goes in also. 

"Ok guys what do I have to do?" she says.

"Well guys I think she should show us how she eats pussy" I say.

"Ya but it will have to be timed, she has to eat each pussy for 3 minutes no longer." Adds Josh.

"Ho! Come on guys I never did that before."

"Sorry babe, it's your rules, besides I know you always wanted to try It." I answer

"Ok girls, lets give those pervert their little show, sit here on the couch real close to the edge and I'll try to do my best at something new, tell me if I'm doing it wrong." 

Kat and Mel sit on the couch side by side, Kat has her left leg over Mel's right leg so they're practically knitted together. Johanna kneels down in front of them and starts kissing Kat's thighs moving closer to the target, she near the pussy lips and pulls her tongue out and start licking those sweet lips, I guess I was right she sure looks like she's enjoying this. She's going to town on that pussy, licking, sucking, and savoring it like a woman starving. Kat is moaning by now her eyes are closed, Mel beside is playing with her pussy giving it a good rub down, she's probably trying to bring herself close to climax so that when Johanna goes down on her she will finish her off.

"Time" says Steve.

Johanna now moves to Mel and we hear a complaint from Kat.

"Shit I was so close to cumming, for a woman who's never done that, your good."

3 minutes and she was ready to cum, that's fast. But then again, we've been working ourselves up for the last hour or so, so anyone here is just about ready to pop.

Not wasting time, she goes straight for the beautiful bald pussy in front of her. She's gone wild munching, licking, sticking her tongue deep inside.

"Yes, yes, yes that's it keep going, god this is good. I'm cumming yes, yeeesssssss."

"Time" Steve shouts. But too late she came like a firecracker.

Johanna gets up bends down (ho what a beautiful ass) and the three of them share a kiss, she then turns towards us looking real proud of herself, with pussy juice running down her chin, her face flushed and smeared with that delicious liquid.

Josh is next, he aims real carefully, he doesn't want to miss too soon, but the girls have other plans, they're standing at the other end of the table caressing and kissing each other. What a concentration breaker, Josh misses completely. Ho no! Now he'll pay for it.

The girls turn to each other in caucus. The devils are gonna get him back. 

Johanna turns to Josh and says: "Ok honey you had your little show, you can't say it wasn't something you've wanted to see for a long time right? Well there's something that I've wanted to see for a long time. I want to see you ream an ass.

"No problem babe, which one of you ladies needs a good rimming?"

"Ya right! As if it'll be that easy." Kat says

Johanna follows. "Ok everybody do as I say. Guy you kneel on the couch leaning your arms on the backrest, Mel you kneel beside him, now Steve and then Kat you go last. Now in that position, make sure your asses are all sticking out real nice so my little hubby can do his duty properly, meaning I've gotta be able to see everything."

I can see Josh starting to sweat, I don't think he's too happy about the situation, but he's not the kind of guy to back down on a bet or dare.

"Ok love, you see those two nice pussies in the row in front of you. Well you can fuck them, they're nice and moist and ready for your dick. But here's the catch, to be able to fuck them you'll have to rim the ass that waits for your tongue ahead of the pussy for a whole three minutes. So ass rimming on Guy for three minutes then you can have Mels pussy for three minutes after that it's Steve's asshole that will need rimming not for three minutes but until I'm satisfied with your work then and only then will you be able to fuck Kat's pussy until she reaches orgasm."

"Is that all understood?"

"Yes ma'm."

"What the fuck did I get myself into."

"Come on love, its not that bad. You can do it, I have faith in you."

Josh kneels behind me and brings his mouth close to my ass and kisses my asshole with some hesitation. He then sticks his tongue out and licks it gently, I guess he doesn't find it to bad cause he then goes for it and really rims my asshole. Fuck that feels good, his hands are on my ass cheeks pulling them apart and his tongue deep in my ass. It maybe the first time he does it to another man but it sure isn't the first time he does that, he's damn good at it, I can feel my dick throbbing, bobbing on it's own and precum starting to spill from the end. I look down between my legs and get a glimpse of his cock; it's stiff and swollen with the head all shinny. He's enjoying this; maybe he wasn't as straight as he pretended to be. God what a feeling I could take this for hours.

"Time" Johanna shouts.

Josh pulls his mouth away. Shit that was good, the man can do that to me anytime he wants. He doesn't lose anytime and move behind Mel and starts fucking her pussy for all he's worth. He only has three minutes and wants to make them count. Looks like he's doing a good job, Mel starts to moan and groan in no time at all. He's fucking her like a madman, really giving it to her deep and hard, Mel's head is thrashing in all directions she's close to cumming and so is he. Johanna sees this and calls time. She doesn't want him to cum just yet.

Like a good soldier Josh moves to Steve's ass and without hesitation this time he dives right in. Spreading Steve's asscheek apart he starts rimming that ass like his life depended on it. He's licking, sticking his tongue inside, doing a fantastic job. Johanna looks pleased; she bends down under Steve and lick the precum on the end of his dick, more come out and she licks it again. She's happy with what she sees so she calls time.

Josh moves right away to Kat and puts his dick inside her; her juices are running down her legs, that's how excited she is. He fucks the hell out of her as Johanna climbs on the backrest in front of Kat. No explanation needed here, Kat goes for the money and starts sucking that pussy like a starved woman. Josh fucks Kat, Kat sucks Johanna, and everyone moans and gets closer to orgasm. Josh can't hold on any longer and with one final thrust explodes deep inside Kats already dripping pussy, this sends Kat over the edge as she cums screaming in Johanna's cunt. Josh pulls out and drops to the floor exhausted, Johanna gets off the couch grabs Kat by the hand and brings her to the center of the room, lays down on her back and pulls Kat on top of her I a 69. Kat goes back to eating her out while Johanna sucks her mans juices from Kats cunt. After a few minutes of this both of them start to moan and groan and they start cumming, what a sight, screaming in each other's pussies, thrashing around until their orgasms subsides. For a couple of minutes they just kiss and lick each other's pussies until they calm down. Then Kat rolls off Johanna and lay's down beside her.

Well, we sure enjoyed the show but we didn't stay there doing nothing. By the time Josh was ready to cum, we were all on the floor caressing each other watching those perverts get it on. Now that they all satisfied each other it was our turn.

Steve and I are caressing Mel from head to toe. Rubbing and kissing every part of her smooth body. We're both sucking on her succulent breasts now as our hands roam all over her. Steve moves down her belly, leaving a wet trail he stops at her bellybutton licks and sticks his tongue inside, which gets a moan out of her. He then keeps going down further to her smooth shaven slit. He grabs a hold of her hips and mashes his face on her sweet pussy, giving her all the loving she deserves, licking like a madman on his last meal, sticking his tongue deep inside swallowing her delicious nectar. I for myself keep on sucking and fondling her pert breasts, her head is thrown back, her eyes are closed and her mouth open. I think she's feeling really good right now, just reveling in the pleasure we're trying our best to bring her. She starts bucking a little than grabs my head and pushes it real hard against her breast and tenses up as she reaches orgasm. We don't stop our effort to bring her to a higher level of ecstasy; I can hear Steve suck her pussy as I devour her nipple with gusto. She trashes and bucks and screams. She finally let go of my head and fall back, limp. Steve rises from between her legs with a big smile on his face, happy with the outcome. But it isn't over the little vixen wants more.

"Babe lay down on the floor, I want to ride your cock" she tells Steve.

Steve lays down on his back, Mel gets up and sits on his cock. No need to go slow her pussy is well lubricated. She goes all the way down and then up again, I can see the juices on Steve's dick, it's glistening with her delicious liquid. She does that a few times and then sits down with all her weight on Steve's groin and contemplates the feeling for a couple of minutes, she bends down to kiss him making sure he stays deep inside her. She then lifts her head, looks at me and says:

"Why don't you take care of my ass it's been a fantasy of mine for too long now, time to try it for real."

Don't have to tell me twice. I move behind her and kneel down, I start by licking her delicious rosebud getting it nice and wet, sticking my tongue inside. Holding her asscheek apart to give me deeper access to her love tunnel.

"Enough teasing already, fuck me please I need it now".

What can a man do, I grab her ass in both hands and spread it wide, I bring my cock to her entrance, I'm so excited I'm afraid I'll blow my load as soon as I'm in. I must stay in control. I start pushing in, pass her sphincters and slid right in. god what a feeling, I can feel Steve's cock against mine separated only by a thin layer of skin. We start sliding in and out nice and slow, alternating our movement, he slides in I slide out, he slides out I slide in, we go on like that for what seems like forever, time has stopped (feels like that anyway). My head's spinning, it feels like all the blood from my body has rushed to my cock. Unbelievable feeling. We start picking up speed; we're really fucking her now. She screams and groans and so are we. Our rhythm changes and we end up going in and out at the same time. Jeez this is great I haven't felt that in a long time, I didn't remember it being so great, my balls are on fire I won't be able to hold on much longer.

"Ho god yesss, fuck me guys, I'm cumming yaaaaaaaaaaa"

"Ho fuck yaaa, I'm gonna fill your ass babe, I'm cumming, here goes, haaaa." And I cum inside her ass really hard, this is a major ball drainer. I'm sure they both can feel the spasm of my dick as it spurts what seems like quarts of jism deep inside her ass. And then Steve groans and I can feel his dick pulsate in her pussy, I can feel every spurt. Fuck that was one great fuck session. We all collapse on the floor and we look up at the others! They were watching us.

Everyone has a happy satisfied glow on their faces.

What a night.

Until next time take care of yourself and live life to the fullest.