 It was a gorgeous day out so we decided to go to the beach. I threw my bikini in a bag and ran out the door with my boyfriend. We stopped for lunch along the way, but quickly got back on the road.

The trip was very quick, and before I knew it we were there. I had meant to change into my bikini while on the road, but I got to dancing to the music singing loudly and having fun. I grabbed the biggest towel I could find in the trunk, looking forward to stretching out on the beach.

First, I head to the bathrooms, hoping to change there. No luck, the doors were locked. There weren't very many people on the beach so I decided it might be safe if I changed quickly at the car. I told my boyfriend as I walked back to the parking spot, he followed. 

"I still don't know why you didn't just change before we left." He smiled, watching my ass. I loved the way he watched me, without even touching me he turned me on.

"Just watch, and make sure no one is watching me. Ok?" I shot him a dirty glance. "Maybe, just maybe you'll get lucky before we go home." I wrapped the towel around my shoulders. It covered all the way to my knees.

I untied my white cotton shirt, letting my breasts breath in the open air. I had always had the urge to go nudist. I loved watching my naked body, as I looked down I couldn't help but watch my perky nipples as they hardened in the cold air.

I unbuttoned my shorts and pushed them down, trying to go as fast as I could. Reaching over, I grabbed the bikini I had laid on the roof of the car. Suddenly, I felt a strong gust of wind and before I knew it the towel had fallen down at my feet leaving me completely exposed. I screamed and dove down for the towel, hoping no one had seen me. I quickly pulled on the bikini bottom, and wrapped the top around my breasts tying it behind my back.

I looked around and didn't see anyone. But as I leaned into the window of the car I heard someone snap a photo. I couldn't wait to get as far from the car as I could, pulling my boyfriend out onto the beach. As we walked I heard a few people snickering, a pack of teenage boys. 

We found a perfect spot just up from the water. Laying out on the blanket, my boyfriend sat beside me, smiling. 

"You know, I wanted to see your cute ass today. But I was hoping it would be just me. Now you'll probably be online!" He laughed.

"That's not funny!" I sat up, I hoped not. I would just die. 

"Oh look, here comes the older people from your new fan club," he pointed to some older guys who were clearly staring at my young breasts. 

As they came closer, I could tell they were going to say something. I pulled my cotton shirt up, covering my breasts.

"Excuse us, I hope we aren't interrupting. Well, you remind me of my son and I was wondering if you'd like to take a trip out to fish." One of the guys offered. It was very generous, and of course I knew my boyfriend would jump at the chance. I had only just convinced him to come to the beach with me.

"I would LOVE to!" He smiled standing up. "This is my girlfriend Kerstin," he acknowledged me. The guys nodded, I caught one of them grinning. "When do we leave?" He asked happily.

"Right now if you'd like." They were gone in an instant. My boyfriend had left with two of the gentlemen, leaving me alone with two of them.

They could tell I felt uneasy, as they quickly tried to make small talk. Telling me about how they used to come to this beach with their wives. Now, they said, their wives are too afraid of skin cancer so they won't come.

They sat beside me, pulling out a bottle of wine and some snacks. They were kind men, Roy a 50 year old divorcee had just gotten over his wife who had found a younger lover and was now living out her days in the city enjoying her young toy's money. Peter, was the oldest of the group, 55. He had been happily married for 30 years. He had two children, both grown, and now he was living out his retirement living in a condo just down the street from the beach.

"Why don't you take off that white shirt?" Roy asked. "I can tell you're quite hot, perhaps I could rub some lotion on your back." He smiled, inching closer to me.

"No that's ok," I smiled. Tightening my shirt.

"Do you like the beach? Your boyfriend doesn't seem to much," Peter broke up the silence.

"Um, I love the beach! Yeah, my boyfriend doesn't really have much patience so unless we're coming here for a purpose, he doesn't like to be at the beach."

"A purpose? What kind of purpose? DO you children have sex at the beach?" Peter smiled, jokingly.

"Oh no, definitely not. I'm far too shy for that. Not that he wouldn't mind, I'm just not comfortable with that."

"How long have you two been together?" Roy pushed.

"For years, in fact we're to be married in the fall." My imagination turned to the wedding. I had been working on cakes, decorations, invitations for so long. Today was supposed to be my break from all that work.

"Wow, you guys don't seem like you've been together that long." Peter smiled, emptying his wine glass. "Would you like some wine?" He asked politely.

"No thanks." I eyed the wine, wondering what kind it was. "Why do you say we don't seem like we've been together long?"

"Oh, it's nothing." Peter turned away form my gaze. "Well, I just noticed while you two sat here that he was watching those two very attractive young women down in the water."

I looked down to the water, sure enough. Two very gorgeous women were sunbathing at the edge of the water. One, laying face down had taken her bikini top off. 

"Well, he's a boy. Not much I can do about that." I smiled, shyly.

"If I were him, my eyes would be glued to you. You are quite the beautiful woman." Roy smiled, this time he came across as a little bit creepy.

"How long are they planning on being out there?" I asked, changing the subject. I scanned the horizon, hoping to see the boat.

"Oh, Alex usually takes a couple hours to fish. Can't rush the sea," He laughed.

"I'll tell you what, why don't we catch some shade. There's some beautiful trees just over there. Maybe Roy will run and fetch some lunch and before you know it Alex and your boyfriend will be back. Does that sound good?" Peter asked, his smile was so kind.

"Sure, why not. I am feeling a little hungry." I stood, folding up the towel. I followed the two older men over to the treeline.

"There's a nice clearing just over here, you can see the water from here." Roy called out. "See the boat, that's probably Alex and your man now." 

I searched the water, hoping to wave at my boyfriend. But when I looked I saw no boats.

"Why don't you sit right here," Peter patted the ground. "I have something to show you."

I placed the towel on the ground and sat beside the kind old man. He pulled out his cell phone. I expected him to show me photos of his family, his kids, maybe his dog. But when I looked down I saw a very close up picture of my bare bottom. 

My face turned bright red, and I felt the embarrassment burn my cheeks. He flipped forward, showing he got several very close pictures of my naked body.

"Now, I could post these online. I know several young American boys who would love to see your beautiful body." He smiled, wickedly. 

"Or you could do something for us," Roy interrupted. "Pictures are worth a thousand words, but being able to feel...that would make this old man go to a happy grave." His gaze searched down my body, undressing me with his eyes. 

"Just touch?" I asked. Considering the embarrassment of being married knowing there were naked pictures of me online for anyone to see.

"Just a small little touch, more like a little slap on your tight fanny." Peter smiled, jovially. 

"I guess that would be ok," I bent over popping my bottom toward him. "Just make it quick, ok?"

"Woah woah, quick? No, I want this to last until I die." Peter laughed, grabbing the tie of my bikini bottom. "You know, if you make a good enough impression on me I may leave you my condo when I die." He pulled me closer to him, "wouldn't you like that?" 

"Pete, you're scaring the little girl. Don't act like such a predator." Roy objected. "Look, you don't have to if you don't want to. As we said, one touch of your bottom and we'll erase the pictures. But you can make us very happy men. You see, we haven't seen such a beautiful woman as yourself in a very long time."

"What would you like to see?" I asked bashfully.

"I would love if you stripped for us," Peter asked politely. After considering it, I decided I could make the guys happy. It wasn't like I was doing anything I wouldn't do for my boyfriend. And who were THESE guys going to tell.

"No pictures! You promise?" I looked down at the cell phone with my naked pictures on it.

"We promise!" Both men called out in unison.

"Ok, sit back." I waited till they got settled, then I started dancing to music in my head. Shaking my bottom at them, pushing my breasts up at them. I let my long blond hair out from the bun, whipping it out as it fell. My hand reached back to the tie of my top. Slowly, I pulled the string, holding the front up with my arm. Then slowly, I pulled the fabric out from under me flinging it to Peter. His smile was intoxicating.

I let my erect nipples peak out at them as I slowly lowered my arm, finally letting them drop. I turned around, pushing my bottom down as I bent over. I watched them from between my legs, glad I had decided to get waxed yesterday.

I could clearly see a bulge growing in the old men's' slacks. I stood naked before them, but something had come over me. I slinked on the ground towards Peter. Climbing up his pant leg, sucking at the mound through his trouser. I felt his pulse as his cock pushed up at my lips. My hand reached up along his chest, as my other hand went for his zipper.

I heard him moan softly as I released his giant cock from his pants, his white pubic hair falling out from under his open zipper. I felt him gasp as I sucked his stiff cock into my mouth. I really didn't know I had it in me, this sluttyness; If my boyfriend could only see me.

His precum quickly swelled up on the tip of his penis. I licked it off slowly, watched his eyes squeeze shut in pleasure. Roy had pulled his cock out and started tugging back and forth, quicker and harder. He watched me suck on Peters cock and I could tell he was wishing it was his cock in my mouth.

I reached my hand over, grabbing onto his cock. His was much bigger than Peters. I started rubbing both cocks quickly, licking the tips. Suddenly, Peter's cock exploded. It was such a surprise as his semen sprayed across my face, down my neck, pooling on my breasts. I could tell Roy was getting close, he stepped closer sticking his cock between my perky breasts. I tugged at his balls as I bobbed up and down, watching his head disappear between my young perfect breasts. 

Roy started thrusting harder and faster; I reached my hand down to my dripping wet pussy. Squeezing my tender clit between my fingers, I let out a moan. The wind blew so gently between my open legs causing a shiver to race up my spine.

"Oh, oh, oh..." Roy struggled against me. I could feel his precum running along my hard nipple, looking down just in time to watch him spurt his white warm juice across my chest. 

Peter's gaze caught my eye as he came around behind me, grabbing my ass he maneuvered my pussy to his stiff cock, burying it in my wet hole. For an old guy, he knew exactly where to put it. I don't know what he did but as he slid in further I felt his length pushing to the back of my vagina. My moisture came running out dripping down my leg as he thrusted deeper into me. I couldn't help but moan as he slapped my ass, leaning down whispering dirty into my ear.

"You like that, don't you? Little slut. You want me to cum on your ass, I'm such a better lover than your man. Admit it, you love my hard cock." He grinned, squeezing my ass.

Roy, standing in front of me rubbing his cock, suddenly he forced me up. Standing in front of me, suddenly Peter pulled his giant cock out of my pussy, plunging nut deep into my ass. As he started to thrust in and out, suddenly Roy plunged his cock deep into my gaping pussy. The feeling of having both cocks filling my holes was astounding! The three of us undulating in rhythm was like being carried away by the ocean tide. 

I lost all notion of time, feeling the ebb and flow of these two older men. I was carried off to orgasm again and again. As I came out of it, I realized I was moaning and screaming loudly. Turning around as the men pulled out of me, I was just in time. In one magical moment they both came all over my face and chest. I lapped at their still spasming cocks, licking their tasty juices into my mouth. 

Standing up, I shyly pulled my bikini back on. Looking around, I found my towel and the bag that carried my shorts and shirt. Blushing I dressed, feeling their happy eyes on me. 

"So you'll erase those photos?" I asked sheepishly.

"Honey, I'm writing you into my will." Peter smiled.

"Shall we go have some dinner? Your boyfriend will find us there, Alex will know to check there first."

I followed Roy and Peter to a cozy little diner around the corner. As we began to order, my boyfriend and Alex showed up. I couldn't help but blush, slightly ashamed of my brazen sexuality. I caught a wicked grin shared between Peter, Roy, and Alex as my boyfriend slid into the seat beside me. 

"Oh babe, you got some salad dressing on your cheek." He smiled, wiping it off with his finger then sucking it off suggestively.

Oh if only he knew what he just tasted...