 Bed Full of Pussy

********************

Author's Note:

The (X) Full Of Pussy stories are not consistent with each other and are not part of a larger whole. You need not have read any other story in the 'Full Of Pussy' group to understand this one. I am trying to make these fun little romps so don't go looking for a great deal of depth. 

Enjoy

********************

Special thanks to my editor bikoukumori!

********************



Now that I know the setup, and the way it unexpectedly paid off in spades for me, I don't so much mind all the bullshit I had to go through that night, but damn if it didn't look like a serious disaster for a while. I'm not sure which part was worse, facing down an angry pimp or forking out $500 in bail for my idiot 'friend.' But I am getting ahead of myself.

So this guy – Brad – is dating my wife's best friend Cathie. Cathie is a cute little thing, busty and sassy and bursting with life with this strange ability to look naughty at all times, while Brad looked more like some loser who could only hope to stalk a looker like her. He was tall, sure, but scruffy and...odd. I never understood what she saw in him. Somehow it comes up in conversation between these two that Brad had never been to a strip club. Cathie thought that was terrible and wanted him to go, perhaps to get it out of his system for when (if) they got married. She and my wife Angela then decided that I had to take him out to the local titty bar. 

"So long, boys! Don't come home early!"

Now at this point I'm feeling pretty damned good about life. It's not every day the wife hands you $300 and says go get some tits in your face, right? I wouldn't say I go without at home, but Angie's long, lean body wasn't blessed with big jugs and a man does have certain needs. And so what if Brad is a bit of a freak? It's not his tits I want to see. So off we go on a Saturday evening to The Classy Chassis on the other side of town. I had been in there a few years before at a bachelor party and it was a decent place, I thought.

Things had changed. I'll make this long story short and sum up like this: The girls were nasty, the place was dirty, and the drinks were expensive. The thing is, Brad didn't know any better and wouldn't listen to a damn thing I said so he dove in to the vibe of that place big time. He went and got drunk and picked up a whore and got lured out into the parking lot where she and her pimp tried to roll him. Thank God the pimp only had a knife. I stood up for Brad and had a nice little showdown in the parking lot when some cops arrived. Thankfully Sir Pimps-a-lot and his bimbo ran off so that made them look like the guilty party. Nothing had actually happened and I don't think Brad really even realized it was a whore so I figured we were safe and we could scamper off to a decent titty bar. That's when Brad started cussing out the cops for ruining his 'date.'

An hour later I was forking over a stack of $20 bills to get his ass out of jail on a public intoxication charge. On the one hand I was angry as hell to have to do it, but on the other glad they didn't decide to add more charges. And I damn near had to bail him out again as he tried to start something with the cops as we left. Dumb fuck. So I drove him to his house, pushed his drunk ass through the door and went the hell home. I was not a happy guy and I was not in the mood for any more of that bullshit bar scene. It was just before 11:00 PM when I got home, much earlier than I expected.

Cathie's car was still on the street but I figured they went out in Angela's so I didn't think to look in the garage. The house was dark and quiet. I stopped in the bathroom and dragged a toothbrush across my teeth, trying to scrape away the taste of beer, then shuffled into the bedroom. I didn't even bother with the light; I just stripped down, dumped my clothes on the hamper, and slipped into bed.

It was a significant surprise to find my wife in bed, and a very nice surprise to find her naked. My evening picked up in a real hurry. She was on her side facing away from me so I spooned up behind and slipped a hand around her front to see if I could start something. Even ugly strippers will get a guy in the mood and the bullshit with Brad faded from of my mind in a hurry. I started kissing her shoulder and I was glad I had stripped down naked so there would be nothing in my way. She clamped her legs shut as I headed south to tickle her clit so I changed directions and went for a handful of her hard little tits.

The surprises kept coming and I found out that it was not my wife I was fondling. I know my wife's topography quite well and the plump, full breast in my hand was not attached to the girl I married. The bed went silent and still. In the dim light from the window I could see beyond the hair I had just started nuzzling, and into the face of someone else. I did a little bit of math real quick.

"I'm going to assume this is Cathie's breast right here, and that Angela is on the other side facing me?"

"Uh, yeah." Came the curt reply, and I could see Angela's head nod a few times.

"OK. Well. This is unexpected."

"You are home awfully early."

"Yeah, actually I am." I had not moved since I made my shocking discovery, though my cock was starting to swell and would soon be poking Cathie in her nethers. The silence grew awkward quickly.

"So...ah...you girls have a good time tonight?" I could see very little detail on Angela's face in the dark. but the turn of her head was her cute little guilty face I knew and loved. Unexpectedly, Cathie spoke up.

"We had a very good time." There was a suggestive tone in her voice that landed hard on my libido and my long john gave a lurch against her backside. My left hand, which had been frozen on her breast, was freed of its paralysis and I began enjoying her plump tit. "What about you guys?"

"Well, Brad got drunk and tried to pick up a hooker, the hooker and her pimp tried to rob him, I nearly got stabbed and Brad got arrested so I bailed him out and took him home and then I came home to find my wife in the afterglow of a clandestine lesbian fuck fest after some naked spooning with her best friend. Same old stuff, you know?"

"Are you serious?" asked Angela.

"If I'm lying then let my cock not be wedged in between Cathie's butt cheeks."

"He's not lying," she added with that same sexy tone. She had relaxed a bit and her hand found its way down between her thighs to tickle the end of my dick. My head was spinning a bit, but I'm not dumb enough to fuck up an opportunity like that.

"Angela, I had never really planned on asking you this, but since it has come up...and since I'm about half an inch away from it already...would you mind if I had sex with your friend Cathie?" She giggled in the darkness.

"Uh, well...I guess I'd be a bit of a hypocrite if I said no. You probably should check with her too."

"Oh, I think I've got her permission already." Cathie was rubbing my cock up against her wet pussy and it would take only the slightest shift in position to add another name to my list.

"What do you think, Cathie? Should we let him into the club?"

"There is a club?" I asked.

"I don't fucking care what you...hold on." Cathie scooted up a little, arched her back and pushed her pussy toward me a little, then guided me straight up into her slit. "There! Now he is in the club."

"I swear, you are such a slut." Angie scooted off the bed on the other side and flicked on the light, then pulled the covers off us. She stood next to the bed watching as we scooted and adjusted until we had a nice comfortable position going, both of us on our right side and me fucking her from behind. The look on my wife's face was incredible – all hungry and sexy and lustful, looking at us like we were a buffet and she didn't know where to start.

I love the look of my wife. She is slender and hard, and runs for recreation. We bought her new tits a few years ago so she has these high, round orbs jutting out of her ribcage. Nature cursed her with damn near no breasts at all and we didn't want her looking freakish so the implants are on the small side, but since she is so slender they look perfect. Her blonde hair is long and straight and she likes to keep it pulled back in a pony tail, but standing there next to the bed she had let it go. She was a lovely mess with her bed hair flowing wildly around her head and shoulders, looking like she'd been screwing for an hour or so, her sharp little features focused on what I was doing to her friend.

Cathie is a bit fuller of figure, but only by comparison. Most people would probably pick her as the sexier of the two women. Her breasts were plump and natural with thick nipples, her ass a little more plush than Angie's hard, athletic caboose, and her figure a bit more womanly. I always thought she looked a little funny with a slightly big nose and slightly wide mouth, but you'd never catch me calling her ugly. Far from it, she looked uniquely enticing. Truth be told, at that point she could have been dog ugly and I wouldn't have cared much. Her pussy felt just fine regardless of the rest of her.

Since we found a more comfortable position I figured I might as well throw some heat on the girl. I picked up the pace and went from gentle slip-n-slide to a right proper fucking. Angie's hungry face split wider into a positively predatory grin.

"Oh, that's fucking hot. That's right, baby. You fuck her hard!" 

She got up on the bed, standing, and took a position directly over Cathie's head. She dropped to one knee, her other foot behind Cathie's head, landing her pussy right on the other woman's face. She took up a fist full of Cathie's dark hair and pulled her into place.

"Eat me, cunt! You lick that pussy good or I'll take your new toy away. Yeah, that's it!" 

Cathie wasted no time slithering her tongue up into my wife's pussy and I got a front row seat to all the action. Angie continued to growl out instructions, every last one of them filthy as hell, while she rode the other woman's face. After a little while I started to feel left out.

I reached up to Angie's pussy, gently pushed Cathie's face out of the way and slipped two fingers into my wife.

"You too," I said to Cathie, and in a moment she slid in two fingers of her own.

Angie gasped and moaned as our fingers wiggled and thrust, prodded and poked inside her. My wife's other hand landed on my head and she gripped a fistful of my hair.

"Oooh, you two are naughty. I think I'm going to enjoy this."

"You damn well better," I said. She turned to look down on me with the sexiest face I ever did see. Damn I love that woman. We kept that up for a few minutes but with such a wealth of opportunities on the table we couldn't stick with one thing for very long.

Turns out my lovely wife is a bit of a top. She's always held her own with me and I'd say we were equals in the libido department, but I guess adding another body brings out the alpha in her. She took command of Cathie and I pretty quickly. With her hands in our hair she slowly stood, pulling us up and out of our position. I was a little sad to slide out of Cathie's hot little puss but I couldn't wait for whatever Angie had in mind. We both got up on our knees in front of her and she looked down at us with a sneer of superiority.

"I like this." She pulled my face to her pussy and I quickly lapped her up, flicking my tongue against her swollen clit. She shuddered and pulled me away, then replaced me with Cathie. Back and forth we went for a few minutes, sharing my wife and making a hell of a sloppy mess. After we were both covered in spit and pussy juice, Angela pushed our faces together. I'm, not sure if I spent more time kissing Cathie or licking her face, but either way it was fucking hot.

Still with her hands in our hair, Angie dropped to her knees, then further down on the bed until she was on her back. She pulled each one of us to a nipple and we shared her tits for a while.

"Get those fingers back in me," she said. In moments she had three or four fingers sliding around inside her. Her eyes rolled up and shut, her head stretched back and she started a low, gentle moan that I knew very well. She was settling down for her first orgasm. Well, her first since I got home anyway.

It wasn't easy to get my message to Cathie, but after a while I finally managed to mouth the words and pantomime my intent enough, without distracting Angie, to get her on board with my plan. Angie's nipples are pale pink nubs, demure and shy little things, until you start to work on them. They swelled up and darkened, turning into purple-red gumdrops in our mouths. As we worked her pussy her moans started to grow louder, more plaintive and intense. She likes a general breast mauling and we used our tongues like paint brushes on her aftermarket rack with gusto.

Cathie had a thumb on Angie's clit and was pushing her straight toward an orgasm. It was nice to have somebody else who knew just how to operate that sexy machine. As Angie's noises reached their crescendo I gave the signal.

"Now!"

Angie shrieked in surprise, pain and pleasure as we both bit down on her nipples at the same time. She says she doesn't like that, but she lies. Her hand turned to a fist in my hair and her arms went rigid as the rest of her body rocked and rolled from the overwhelming orgasm we were giving her. I hoped Cathie hadn't bitten down too hard - there are limits to what my wife can take – but God damn what a wild ride!

Angie climaxes and falls off quickly so it was over in a flash. Cathie tried to go back to her gentle suckling but Angie would have no part of it. She pulled her lover's head away. I knew better. After the bite she needed some alone time with her nipples.

"That was your idea," she chided, shaking my head by the hair. 

"You come twice as hard when I do that." Angie grunted in partial consent.

"Can I get some of that?" Cathie was envious.

"You want the same thing?"

"Hell yes."

"With or without the teeth?" I asked as the girls traded places.

"I like teeth," she replied with a wicked grin. It almost made me reluctant to ask for a blow job later.

In moments I had the first new tit in my mouth in four years. Well, barring a few strippers whose nipples might have slipped in just a little bit. But they don't count. These were big, soft natural boobs and I had all kinds of permission to play. Her areolas were very large and her nipples nice and thick. I ran the front of my teeth across her nipple as it hardened and grew. Cathie's hands were far less commanding and she played with my hair, more cradling my head than directing it.

As before, I had two fingers wriggling up inside her while my wife did the same. Cathie was much more laid back and just let us do our thing for a while. I'll admit, I was having a damn good time with her big tits. I was looking forward to having her above me at some point so she could lower them down on my face.

Ever impatient Angie decided we were done a few minutes later and sat up on her knees, wiping spit and pussy juice off her face.

"I need some cock."

"You are in luck. I got one right here." I got up, then stood on the bed, putting my cock at perfect sucking level. Angie was quick to slurp me down while Cathie sat up to join her.

"I can taste you on him," she said as she passed me over to her lesbian lover. Cathie took up my cock as Angie headed south to tongue my balls. They switched off several times and paused to kiss each other sloppily at the end of my prick a few times. I could have popped off right there and been a happy man, covering these two hotties with my spunk, but there was so much more to do.

"I want to see you sixty-nine," I told them. Cathie gave a fake pouty face.

"What? Again? Didn't we already do that?"

"Yeah, but we didn't have an audience."

"Well, I guess we could do it again." Her words said one thing but the look in her eye and the speed with which she dropped on the bed said something else. Angie was quick to throw a leg over the other woman's face and assume the position.

I got down off the bed and watched them for a minute, enthralled and excited. All that naked flesh writhing and squirming, those tongues wiggling into each other...I was overwhelmed. Well, almost. I had enough sense to hurry up and get my dick in one of them before they forgot about me. I got back on the bed on my knees behind Angie and pointed myself at her pussy.

"About damn time," she groused from between Cathie's legs. I slipped in carefully, making sure not to pin Cathie down by her hair, and started slowly fucking my wife from behind. My balls were dangling in the other woman's face and a couple of times she switched her tongue from pussy to ball sack. That reminded me of something I had always wanted to do. I pulled out and pushed Angie forward a little, exposing more of Cathie's face. I aimed my cock at her mouth and she slurped me down with glee. She sucked off Angie's wetness and took me down as far as she could before I pulled out of her mouth and put it back in Angie.

I pulled that trick several times, switching between mouth and pussy. It was magical. I literally cannot imagine a sexier thing to do. God damn I wanted to come like that, but still I needed to make sure I got everything I could before I shot my load. I was only too happy when Angie wanted to switch.

"My turn," she announced as she hopped off her lover. Cathie got up and they changed positions in a flash, and once again I was balls deep in Cathie. The contrast between them was interesting. Angie is a little tighter near the entrance, but Cathie seemed to press in near the end, like her body curved more inside. Hell, I don't know, I was just happy as hell to be there.

After slathering up my cock with Cathie's juices I pulled out and let my wife clean them off. Back and forth I went from mouth to pussy, living my fantasy completely. After a while I figured it was time to put the icing on the cake, so to speak.

"I want to cum on Cathie's tits." Cathie rolled of Angie and we moved around so I was straddling her waist with my cock jutting out above her big boobs with Angie next to us, her face near my dick. I was so damned excited that it took only a few moments of pulling my pud to bring it to a boil.

"You got something for me, baby?" asked my wife, almost as hungry for my orgasm as I was.

"You'll have to share with your friend." I said through clenched teeth as the first spurt roared out of me. It was considerably heavier than normal and it splattered against my wife's cheek, half of it immediately falling down on Cathie's right breast. I aimed a little better the next time and sent the second wad into Angie's mouth, the third back down to Cathie's other breast and the rest I let Angie suck out of me. She nursed me hard until that last shuddering spurt left me.

Angie moved up to Cathie's face and opened her mouth, letting a slurry of spit and sperm fall down into Cathie's open mouth. Oh God that was hot. I couldn't be left out. I dropped down with them and kissed them both as all three mouths collided in a slippery, sticky, gooey mess. I smeared what was left into Cathie's tit and Angie quickly dropped down to clean her off while I kept kissing her. We all played in that mess for a while and enjoyed each other immensely.

We took quick showers after that and piled into the bed for some shut eye. To this day I don't know which one sucked me off a few hours later. I woke up to a warm mouth wrapped around my cock and I didn't complain. Angie won't tell me who it was and I mostly don't care. When I dropped my load she slurped it up and then threw the blanket back over me. I was asleep in seconds.

The next morning was chaotic. Cathie had to go, but she didn't want to. She was supposed to meet Brad for something. I found her cell phone in her purse, tossed it to her as she was lounging in bed with my wife, and dove between her legs for some pussy.
