 I was on the treadmill at the gym. I was wearing tight black workout pants with a black tank top with a built in sports bra. I had to have a good sports bra when I worked out. And even with one my DDD breasts were still bouncing quite a bit as I jogged. My long blonde hair was tied back in a pony tail.

I had been on the treadmill for about 20 minutes before I notice 3 men by the free weights looking at me and talking, all with big smiles on their faces. It wasn't hard to figure out they were looking at my tits. They were big, so I was used to people looking. Plus I have my nipple pierced so they are almost always erect. Because I what I was wearing, you could easily make out the shape of my nipples, and also notice the bars through them.

They were good looking men. Two looked to be in their mid 20's. Dark hair and eyes, olive complexion, definitely looked like brothers. They both had a pretty muscular build. The third was older, mid to late 40's I would guess. The same features as the younger 2, but not quite so muscular, although still in very good shape. He must be their father. I was 30 but normally liked men about 10 or 15 years older than me.

I continued on the treadmill for another 10 minutes. The men were lifting weights now but were noticeably checking me out still. As I got off the treadmill and began walking towards the women's locker room the older man was staring at me, almost in what seemed to be a dream like trance. I had to admit, I do get turned on by men looking at me. He blushed and quickly looked away when he noticed me smiling back at him. 

When I got into the locker room I took off my clothes and got in the shower. As I began washing my body I realized how wet my pussy had gotten when I was being gazed upon by those men. I couldn't help but rub my clit. I began pinching my nipple at the same time and came in record time. 

I was feeling pretty good when I got out of the shower. I put on my jeans and a t-shirt. Even in a t-shirt my chest still appeared huge. I have been told by many men that they are surprised I have kids, because my breasts are so firm and perky.

I went up to the desk before I left to get a bottle of water. As I turned around I was surprised to see the 3 men all right in front of me. The 2 younger ones had huge grins on their faces, while the older one seemed very nervous, but still smiling.

"Hi," he said. "My sons said if I didn't talk to you I would regret it later. I recently got divorced and they are trying to get me through it. I'm Ken."

"I'm Sam, nice to meet you Ken." I was beginning to see a great opportunity here. "And how do your sons think you should get through it?"

"Um, well, they want me to meet some women."

His son interrupted. "What she means dad, is if we think you should get back into a serious relationship, or have some no strings attached fun. Am I right Sam? I'm Kyle by the way, and this," he said gesturing to his brother, "is Keith."

"You are exactly right Kyle," I said with a smirk. "You see, I am also recently divorced, and definitely am not interested in anything serious."

"Perfect," Kyle replied, stepping in as almost what would seem as a negotiator for his father. "No strings fun it is! When would be a good time for the 2 of you to get together?"

I thought about it for a moment and couldn't pass up the possibility before me. "Well, how about this. I am going to go back into one of the tanning rooms, and your dad can follow me in."

Ken looked really nervous now. "Sounds like fun, right dad?" Keith replied this time.

Ken kept looking from me to his sons, almost like he was in shock of what was going on. "And if he is too nervous to join me all alone..." I paused and smiled, "you 2 could come in with him."

All three of their jaws seemed dropped at this point. I winked at Ken before turning towards the tanning rooms. I turned around before closing the door to be sure they saw which room I had gone in to. Then I took off my shirt and jeans, leaving me in red lace bikini panties and a red lace bra. It wasn't long before the door opened and all three men walked in. The room wasn't big, so we were all close together.

They were all looking me up and down which made my pussy get wetter than it already was. "Sam, my dad has been out of the dating scene for a long time," Kyle started. "He is not used to women being quite so bold, and honestly, neither am I. You are the kind of girl I have dreamed about."

"Thank you, that's very sweet of you. I just like sex and don't see a reason to pretend otherwise. I love cock and like to feel slutty. Can you guys help me with that?"

"Definitely," Keith replied while the others nodded in agreement.

"Good," I said as I stepped towards Ken. I put my arms around his neck and pressed my body against him. He put his hands on my waist as my lips were just inches from his. "So how long has it been Ken? Since you were with a woman?" I asked in a whisper, so he could feel my breath on his mouth. 

"About a year," he replied. I could feel his dick growing hard against me.

"That's way too long," I said as I leaned in and kissed him. It didn't take long for him to get over his shyness. His tongue was enjoying the warmth of the inside of my mouth. We were kissing passionately when I felt a hand on my ass. Both of Ken's hands were going up and down my back, so it must have been one of his sons grabbing my ass. I didn't even know which one, or care.

I felt more hands undoing my bra. But it still stayed where it was because I was pressed up against Ken. I felt someone's lips on my neck, and his body pressed against me so that I could feel his erection against my ass cheek. Ken's hard on was really pressing into me now. I separated our bodies so I could undo his pants and free his cock. When I did so my bra also fell a little, so I slipped off the straps and let it fall to the floor, revealing my tits.

Ken quickly bent down and took one of my nipples in his mouth. Then Keith did the same with my other nipple. Kyle must have been the one behind me, grinding into my ass. "Mmmmm, that's feels so good," I said. I felt Kyle take a small step back and heard him unzip his jeans. When he stepped forward I felt his bare cock against my thigh. Then he grabbed one side of my panties with both hand and ripped them apart, making me shriek in surprise. Then he did the same for the other side before pulling the ripped panties out from between my legs.

I spread my legs slightly and felt his finger start to explore my cunt while his father and brother continued suckling on my tits. It didn't take long for him to find my dripping hole. He put two fingers inside and began finger fucking me. "Damn, you guys are not going to believe how wet this slut is."

Keith let my nipple escape his mouth and said, "Let me find out." While looking at me biting my lower lip, he reached between my legs too. Kyle pulled his fingers out and Keith replaced them with his. "Wow, dad you have to feel this bitch's cunt."

Keith removed his hand and his father reached down. He didn't shove his finger right inside of me. He gently touched my lips, moving his fingers up and down them. Then he found my clit and began rubbing it. "Oh my god Ken, that feels amazing!" I screamed. He quickened his pace while Kyle's hand came from behind and began fingering me. Keith began sucking on my nipple like he was trying to get milk out of me. I felt myself getting close to orgasm.

"Do you like this slut?" Kyle whispered in my ear while 3 of his fingers were being rammed deep in my pussy. 

"Yes! Oh yes!" I screamed. Ken was rubbing my clit furiously now. "I'm going to cum! Oh fuck, don't stop," I moaned. It didn't take long with the three of them working on me. "I'm cumming! Oh fuck!" My body went limp as Kyle's hand became covered in my juices.

They all held on to me afterward for a few moments. "I need to get some of that pussy," Kyle said. "Get on your hand and knees whore." I did as I was told.

Kyle got on his knees right behind me and didn't waste any time. He had his 8 inch cock in me in a couple seconds and was slamming into me. "Fuck your cunt is tight," he grunted while his dad and brother watched. 

"You can't cum in me. I'm not on the pill," I informed them as I got fucked. "But you can all cum in my mouth. I love swallowing cum."

"That works for me honey," Kyle replied between grunts.

Keith decided to take his cock out and wave it in my face. About the same size as his brother. He grabbed my hair to hold my head and I opened my mouth willingly. "Good girl," he said as he slid his dick between my lips. "Mmmm, suck that cock baby."

"Fuck, I got to pull out," Kyle said as his cock slid out of my cunt. "That pussy feels too good. Hey dad, you've got to fuck this bitch."

Ken didn't say anything. I think he was nervous about the whole thing. I couldn't see him as I was still blowing his son, but I could hear get behind me. Then I felt the tip of his cock against me. He just rubbed himself against me, getting his head all wet.

I'm glad he lubed himself up, because his cock was bigger than his sons. He slowly pushed his whole dick in me in one thrust. I'm sure if I didn't have cock down my throat everyone in the gym would have heard me scream. But instead it came out as a muffled groan.

Ken got into a smooth steady rhythm. He was sliding in and out while I sucked his sons cock. Kyle was now up by my head watching me suck his brother. He had his hand on his dick gently stroking it. I reached up and started jerking him off instead. 

Ken really started banging me now, so I had to let go of Kyle's cock and put my hand back down to keep my balance. His hand went right back up to his cock. "Damn dad, you are really pounding that slut!"

I could tell Keith was getting close to cumming. He was fucking my face with the same rhythm as his dad was using to fuck my pussy. They were both grunting loudly. "Mmmm, I'm going to shoot a load in your mouth...here it comes. Fuuuck!" he screamed as I felt his hot cum filling my mouth.

"Don't swallow yet!" Kyle yelled. "Turn this way and open up," he said as he pointed his cock at my face. I turned and opened wide, revealing his brothers cum in my mouth. "That's so fucking hot," he moaned while jerking himself off. "I'm cumming," he groaned. It must have been hard to aim with me moving back and forth from the force of his dads pounding. But he was still able to get most of his cum in my mouth, with just a drop on my cheek. "Keep that cum in your mouth babe."

I closed my mouth so the cum would not slosh out while Ken was fucking my brains out. He was grunting louder and louder. His cock felt so good in me that I had another orgasm. My whole body shook and I had to really concentrate on keeping my mouth closed and not swallowing. Feeling my pussy quivering was all Ken needed to send him over the edge. "Suck my dick," he moaned as he pulled out. I quickly turned around and opened wide for my third load. As I was opening my mouth he was already cumming. I had a nice shot land across my upper lip. The rest he got right in my mouth. His load was more than both his sons combined. He just kept cumming. The cum was overflowing from my mouth, dripping down my chin and on to my tits.

Ken stepped back to gaze at me with his sons. I looked up at them with my mouth still open revealing a full mouth of cum. They all looked completely satisfied. 

"What do you think guys, can she swallow now?" Keith asked his brother and father.

"I think so, she did a great job. She deserves it," Kyle replied. "It's up to dad."

They both looked at their father, as did I. He stared down and me and said "swallow that cum."

I closed my mouth while continuing to look at them and swallowed in one large gulp. I then opened my mouth again to show them that my mouth was empty.

We all got dressed and I gave them my phone number. I told them to call me if they felt the need for a slut. The three of them walked out of the tanning room a minute before me. As I walked by the desk on my way out the guy was looking at me and smirking. I was pretty sure he had an idea of what just happened. I was sure of it when I got in my car and looked in the mirror and saw I still had a glob of cum on my cheek.