 A day at the uMhlanga lagoon

My wife Rachel and I were approaching our 21st wedding anniversary. I wanted it to be a special occasion. We were still very sexually active, and had incorporated some threesome fantasies into our lovemaking. I found that group sex turned me on, especially the thought of another man fucking my hot wife. Rachel is extremely jealous and so the thought of me with another woman was not something she fantasised about. I had shared my MMF fantasies with her. She didn't quite get it, and said she only wanted me, but I found that saying wild stuff like, "Yes, take that big cock!" while sticking three fingers in her pussy soon had her squirting. The first time she squirted she thought she had pissed and was quite embarrassed. I had to explain that woman ejaculate too. I downloaded some clips and we watched it together. Squirting soon became regular as she relaxed and enjoyed the sensation. I often would cum all over her body soon after she had squirted. Rachel's favourite position is the cowgirl as she likes to be in control. I also tend to last longer in that position. I found that as she approaches her orgasm, I can get her to cum hard and by making as if it was another guy in her, and telling her to fuck his cock. So I knew that Rachel enjoyed the idea of another guy, but her strict religious upbringing was stopping her from wanting to make her fantasies (and mine) a reality.

Rachel is not a model, and carries a little flab around her midriff. Once when I had tried to get her to explore our fantasy, she said she would only after she had lost more weight. I am not a cut bodybuilder myself and have a bit of a beer-belly. I am trying hard to keep in shape and have started to see results but that little belly is a bugger to get rid of. I have also become bi-curious. I started fantasising about these cocks piercing my wife's pussy, and then started thinking about sucking on them, to wondering what one would feel like buried up my ass. I have always considered myself to be straight, but as I have grown older these thoughts have invaded my mind frequently. These fantasies might be about me and another guy, but always include my wife. I cannot see myself sucking another guy's cock without her sweet pussy being involved somehow!

Getting back to our 21st anniversary... I thought about taking my wife to Durban that is about 200 kilometers from where we reside. I had heard about the nude beach at the uMhlanga lagoon, and thought that maybe if I could maybe get my wife to strip down in public, maybe we could move closer to fulfilling our fantasies. I booked us a room at a hotel in uMhlanga that overlooked the public beach, and surprised her with the news a week before we were leaving. I left out the part of the nude beach, and decided to try convince her once we were there.

We left on the Friday evening after work and checked into the hotel. The room had a fantastic beach view, and we had sundowners on the terrace before heading to the restaurant for dinner. After dinner we had a few drinks at the bar before heading up to our room. Once there we couldn't keep our hand off each other and Rachel squirted so much, we had to get the towels from the bathroom to place over the wet sheets so that we could sleep. Saturday morning was a lovely spring morning, and I told her to get dressed to go catch a tan on the beach. She jumped into her bikini, pulled on some shorts and a tee, and looked eager to hit the beach. 

The nude beach is about one kilometer up from the public beach and I started to walk in that direction. Rachel and I walked hand in hand up the beach till we reached the lagoon. Once there it was quite evident by the nude bodies what kind of beach this was. Thankfully not everyone was built like models and I was able to talk Rachel into going topless, be it in an isolated part near the dunes. After taking her top off she lay down on her stomach. I was a little disappointed but took off my shorts and lay nude next to her. She smiled and said that I was a dirty dog and only wanted to check out the other women on the beach. I laughed and said that was true, but I also wanted other guys to see my wife. She replied that she was too fat and so no one would even bother looking at an old, fat hag. 

"Wanna bet?" I asked. 

She said that she would go nude and if no one checked her out I would be cooking dinner and doing the dishes for a month. 

"And if they check you out, what do I win?" I asked.

"Any position of your choosing." she laughed.

Rachel got rid of her bikini bottoms, and lay face down for a while. She then turned around and placed a towel over her face. Her shaved mound and 36C breasts were now exposed. I noticed a guy close to us turn around and face in our direction. I could see he wasn't trying to make his voyeurism evident and would look away when I turned to look in his direction. I told Rachel but she said I was full of bullshit. She sat up and looked in his direction but he looked away before she could catch him. 

"See! Bullshit! Guess who is being the maid for a month?" she giggled and lay down again.

I had to prove his interest somehow. The game of me looking in his direction and him looking away carried on for what seemed like ages. Finally I caught his eye and smiled. I beckoned him to come over. He seemed unsure but then got up and walked towards us. I got up and greeted him. Rachel peered out from under her towel and uttered a weak greeting. She later told me that she was really surprised when I greeted the dude and peered out from under the towel to see what was going on. Her throat closed up and she barely could speak out of shyness. It was the first time some male other than I or her gynae had seen her naked up close.

He spread his towel out next to Rachel and we chatted over her naked body. I found out his name was Brad and that he lived in Durban. He was our age and had an average build - similar to mine. The hair at his temples had started to grey. He was well-hung and had shaved his pubes, so that his long thick uncut cock looked even bigger. I am cut, as are all the males in my family, so a uncut cock attracts a lot of my attention. Brad had recently divorced his wife Sarah. He had caught her in bed with another guy, who also happened to be her best friend's husband. And so ended their thirty 

"We were swingers," Brad explained, "So it wasn't the fact of her fucking another guy that got me pissed, but that she did it behind my back." 

I asked out about their swinging lifestyle, and Brad said that they had started swinging by placing an ad for a guy on a local swinger's website. Sarah had experienced threesomes before she got hitched to Brad, and Brad was turned on by the idea of sharing Sarah with another guy. They had many hits, but had finally chosen a guy from a neighbouring city, as Brad owned his own sport's recruiting agency and couldn't afford running into potential clients. The threesome was a success and they followed up the experience with a few more MMF threesomes. They got bolder and started visiting a swinger's club. It was there that Brad and Sarah explored their bisexuality for the first time. So it was quite a surprise to Brad to find Sarah in bed with a close family friend. The guy wasn't even aware of their involvement in the lifestyle, and thought he had "fallen" for Sarah. Brad knew that Sarah was getting enough cock and pussy, and it was the friend's cash, homes and cars she had "fallen" for. After their divorce Sarah and the friend (also now divorced) had married and were living a vanilla lifestyle (or so Brad had heard).

I got brave and shared my fantasy with Brad, highlighting Rachel's reluctance due to her feeling insecure about her body. Rachel had by now removed the towel and was listening intently, albeit with a very red face.

"Nothing wrong with you love," Brad quickly said to Rachel. 

Rachel blushed and quickly said I was full of shit, and she was not going to have anyone else fuck her.

"Gavin will be my one and only. I was a virgin when I met him and plan to have him being the only one I have ever slept with." Rachel emphasised.

The conversation had me rock hard, and I couldn't conceal my excitement. I looked around and was relieved to see that we were the only people visible on the beach. I cast my eyes over my wife's naked body to see if Brad had also grown excited. His cock stood straight up although the foreskin still covered the tip of his penis.

"And he will be," said Brad "but nothing would please me more than to watch you guys fucking."

I didn't wait. I leant over Rachel and started kissing her deeply. She responded quickly and soon our tongues were dancing in each other's mouths. I cupped her breast and lightly traced her nipples with my thumb. She groaned into my mouth. I broke the kiss, and not wanting her to change her mind, quickly replaced my thumb with my tongue. I flicked her hard nipple with my tongue, and then sucked her nipple into my mouth. I reached down and cupped her sex in my hands. Her pussy was soaked! She was really into this! I rubbed her clit lightly before inserting a finger deep into her well-oiled cunt. I soon pleasured her further by adding first one and then two fingers to the one already pumping in and out her pussy. I looked up at her to catch the look on her face, but her attention was elsewhere. Looking in the direction that held her gaze, I saw Brad on his knees next to my wife, stroking that massive cock. He reached over her and pulled my head towards his cock. The head was a dark red-purple colour, obviously inflamed with lust, and glistened with his pre-cum. As my head came closer to his penis, I opened my mouth with anticipation. My lips made contact with his hard cock and soon I was suckling on his cock head. 

I started by sucking on his cock head and tonguing his sensitive glans at the bottom. Soon I felt his cock start stroking towards the back of my mouth. I opened my mouth wider and soon Brad was fucking my mouth with short quick stokes. I carried on fingering Rachel's pussy that had gotten slippery and very wet. I looked up over Brad's cock and saw her staring intently at me giving Brad a blowjob. Brad must have got too excited and pushed his cock a little too far and I started to gag. I pulled off his cock that was now covered in my saliva. Brad turned to face Rachel, and she reached out and stroked his cock. I almost came at the sight. My wife was stroking another guy's dick! I couldn't believe it when she bent forward to take his cock into her mouth. 

I quickly slid my cock into Rachel's wet snatch and pumped in and out of her. Brad pulled out of Rachel's mouth, and stroked his cock slowly as he watched me fuck her. I knew I was fast approaching the point of no return, so I slowed down before sliding my dick out of her cunt. I rolled over, and she climbed on top of me. My cock was soon pumping in and out of her soaked pussy, as she rode me. Brad knelt next to me and his cock brushed my lips. I opened my mouth and took him into my mouth. We stayed like this for a little while. Rachel started breathing quickly and then she started to shake as her orgasm overtook her. She was still for a while as she slowly climbed down the orgasm's peak. 

She then leant forward and started suck on Brad's balls. He groaned and started shoving the cock down my throat. I gagged every time it went past my tonsils for the first few deep strokes. I quickly became less sensitive and was able to control the gag reflex. He pumped for a while, and I was expecting him to cum down my throat, but he withdrew his cock from my mouth. Rachel got off me and assumed the doggy position. I climbed behind her and fucked her with fast deep strokes. She came quicker this time and soon I was unloading deep into her pussy. 

Brad had still not cum and I felt a little guilty. Rachel looked at me and shook her head. She was not ready to be fucked by another man, and I did not want to dampen her enthusiasm. Brad suggested he fuck me in the ass. I was keen but had never done it with another man. His cock was slippery from my saliva and he slowly pushed it against my asshole. There was a little pain as his cock head slipped through my tight anal ring, but the pain was soon replaced with immeasurable pleasure as he started stroking deeper into me. I felt my cock rising again, and it started dribbling a lot of pre-cum. Brad was soon all the way into me. He then started fucking my ass in earnest. He pumped hard and fast for about a minute before pulling out and shooting all over my back and ass. I just knelt there for a while. Rachel kissed me and I rolled over onto my back. She climbed on top of my new erection and rode it hard. I lasted a lot longer this time around, and Rachel had already cum again before I started shooting deep into her pussy. We lay there panting for a while, before we all got up and walked to the lagoon to rinse off...