 I am a bisexual, active woman who is married to a very loving and giving woman. We have a unique relationship that most don’t understand but that doesn’t matter because we are happy. 

Let me tell you about us. As I said, I’m an active woman, I ride a bicycle over 100 miles a week and am an avid rock climber. I’m five foot seven with an athletic build, my best asset is my legs and ass, and my active life has robbed me of large breasts. I wear my hair short and a bit wild to match my personality. When it comes to sex you could say that I’m adventurous and untamed. 

Amanda is a hot little mix of American and Portuguese, she has the figure that when we go out to clubs she is an attention getter. Her natural thirty two D breasts are always the center of men’s attention. Her nice rounded ass balances her breasts out. One that loves to be spanked and punished, which suites us just fine being that I have a strong Dominant streak and she has an equally strong submissive streak. 

Now what makes us unique is that both of us still love cock. No dildo or vibrator out there will ever replace a nice juicy hard cock, not to mention the feel of a cock in your mouth or pussy as it pulses and fills you with his salty cream. 

Last night Amanda and I went to a private Halloween party that was at a friend’s elaborate home. The house is set in the hills of California and affords privacy and a clean safe environment to play in with several bedrooms, a romp room, and a pool. We’ve gone to this couple’s parties in the past and they’ve always been enjoyable. Our neighbors Barb and Bill were also attending the party. They are a couple that shares the same lifestyle as Amanda and me. Bill is Barb’s little cuck, and through the years she has taught me the art of picking Bulls as she calls them. Barb and Bill are equals in everything except the bedroom, where she rules with an iron fist.  

The limo came to pick us all up around seven to take us to the party; we knew that none of us would be in much condition to be driving with all the fucking and drinking that would be going on at the party. Barb was dressed as a gothic witch, all in black and heavy black makeup, her alabaster legs showed above her stockings as she sat in the limo seat. Bill was dressed as a Scott with the kilt and all. Amanda was dressed as a black cat a hood covered her face and nailed gloves embraced her hands. The only skin showing, were her bright red lips and opal blue eyes, the rest covered in a stretchy skin tight material. I was dressed as Trinity, all in leather my short hair slicked back tight to my head we made quiet the scene getting into the car.

Bill being the dutiful cuck served all of us champagne in the car on the way to the party. When accepting her drink Amanda gave a groan and shifted in her seat. Looking at me with a twinkle in her eye Barb asked, “Heather you devil what have you done to poor Amanda to make her squirm so much?”

Smiling over my glass I stroke Amanda’s leg, “Show her baby.” 

With that Amanda carefully set her glass down and turned around onto her knees reaching between her spread legs she pulled on the hidden zipper that exposes her shaved smooth sex pot. Reaching up she grabs her tail and with a loud moan tugs it a bit. Barb gasped as she saw that the tail of Amanda’s costume was attached to a black plug that is firmly in place in her tight little ass. Brushing Amanda’s hand away, I stroked her upturned ass, tugged, and pushed on her tail fucking her tight little ring with the wide section of the plug. The limo was rapidly filled with Amanda’s sexy smell. The stimulation and anticipation of the party are too much for Amanda; she gave a shudder as she came her pussy juices freely flowed down her bare thighs and down the legs of her costume. 

“Bill be a good boy and go over there and clean her up so she doesn’t stain her lovely costume,” Barb directed him. 

“Yes, Ma’am”, setting down his drink he knelt before Amanda’s upturned ass, and starting at her thighs licked up all of her drooling love nectar. Being a skilled pussy licker he had her cleaned and zipped back up in no time. 

Returning to his seat I caught sight of something under his kilt. Using my booted foot I nudged his closed legs wide, he tried to hide by pushing his kilt down between his legs, his face turning red. “Bill”, that single word caused his hands to snap away from my persistent foot. Sipping my champagne I lifted his kilt seeing that he was not wearing any under shorts, as tradition would have it. In their place he had a cock cage. 

“I ordered it from Europe, it’s called the CB2000.” Lifting his kilt out of the way and pushing his thighs farther apart, Barb showed us in detail the device that she had Bill in. It was made out of a hardened plastic; his little cock and balls are trapped and locked in the cage. Reaching between her ample breasts she showed us the key that locked it in place. “See he can’t get hard or touch himself. It keeps him in such control.” 

The entire time Bill was turning a bright red from all the attention and humiliation. “I got it for his birthday, and he’s been in it since. The only time I’ve let him out is when I’ve put this on him," she said holding up a small, rubber, custom-made cock ring. 

“Sometimes when I’m really horny and one of my bulls isn’t available, I let him out and put his ring on so he can fuck my tight little ass with his little cocklett. Then I make him fuck my pussy with that black dildo that you got us for Christmas.”

I smiled at Barb admiring the control that she has over her cuck. Amanda looked up from her glass. “Barb wasn’t Bill’s birthday the third?” she asked. Grinning Barb nodded reaching down she showed us his full bloated balls. “Twenty eight days of pent up frustration.” Bill moaned feeling her toying hands on his supersensitive balls caused his cock to try to grow painfully in the cock cage. 

The conversation made the trip go quickly; we soon pulled up to the large house. The party was already in full swing; entering the house there were witches, devils, cats, pirates, and wenches and there was even a baby. We walked around a bit. Bill dutifully got us drinks. Amanda decided that she was going to play her cat roll to the hilt and got down on her hands and knees. She started to mingle that way, moving from couple to couple to see who she could entice, pressing her body against legs as she moved her ass up in the air wiggling about. She quickly had multiple men and women petting her. Barb and I laughed at the show she was making.

She went up to a woman dressed as a Schoolgirl and started to purr and crawl around her, moving behind the woman Amanda pressed her face up under the short skirt. Without missing a beat the woman just leaned over and moaned grabbing the arm of the football player in front of her. Gasping she cried, “Honey she’s licking my ass, OHHHHHHH god her tongue’s up my ass, baby.” Amanda had her arms wrapped around the woman’s thighs as she licked and lapped at her.  

The hostess came up to Barb and I laughing. “She doesn’t waste any time does she, Heather?”

“No she’s been looking forward to this party for awhile!” I smiled.

“Just to remind you, the condom rule is in effect. There’s to be no penetration of any kind without a rubber. We’ve got bowls all around with lube and condoms for your convenience. After her short speech she was off again to the next group repeating her rules. 

“Ooh let’s go find us some fun, honey.” With that, Barb led Bill off to find themselves some playmates.

I started to mingle around the main floor moving from room to room talking to various friends that I hadn’t seen in awhile and catching up. While talking to one couple I spot a couple dressed up as a Barbarian and a Princess. 

He was tall, over six foot and very muscular. His bare chest showing under the leather harness legs looking like tree trunks and his long brown hair hung down to his shoulders. This specimen of man just made my pussy tingle, walking past one of the bowls, I palmed one of the condoms as I made my way around following them. He bent down and whispered something into the princess’s ear then moved off and down the hallway. I follow him, watching, seeing that he was going to one of the restrooms I set my own drink down and followed him. Waiting outside until I heard him starting to open the door. I put my hand on the handle acting like I’m was going to use the ladies room. 

He’s startled as he came out of the room and found me entering at the same time. I just put my hand on his chest pushing him back in closing and locking the door behind me. 

“Are you available?” His smile was all the answer I needed, stepping up to him I reach for his neck to pull him down for a hard kiss. Driving my tongue into his open mouth with no resistance the kiss was delicious. 

I haven’t had a good bull in a long time and this man was what the doctor ordered. His strong hands reached down and cupped my leather glad ass pulling me into him; I felt the beginning of his bulge growing in his loincloth. Breaking the kiss I push him back to the counter then sinking to my knees, taking the condom and ripping it open placed it in my mouth freeing up my hands I pull his loin cloth down to his knees, only to be sorely disappointed. 

Sitting back on my heels I look up at him, he reached down and stroked his small six inch cock. “Like what you see baby?” he hummed. I just half smiled up at him thinking what a disappointment; he should be charged for false advertisement. Without a word I just tool his small cock in my hand and inhale his small member. Using the trick a girlfriend had shown me years ago of slipping a rubber onto a guys cock with my mouth. Using my lips as a tight ring I unrolled the condom down his shaft leaving part of it still rolled at the base of his cock. His member was not big enough to fully fill it.  He tried to take my head in his strong hands and fuck my mouth but I wasn’t about to let this charity case take any control. 

Taking his hands in mine I pinned them to the counter surprising him with my strength.  Luckily for both of us he didn’t fight me on this, relaxing as I let my mouth wrap around his cock. Not wanting to prolong this knowing I wouldn’t get pleasure out of this, I quickly started to suck and bob on his cock, sucking on the crow swirling my tongue around it. Taking him easily to the base his cock and just entering my throat, I apply pressure with my tongue bobbing a couple of times letting his crown fuck my throat. I took him down to the base, opening my mouth, and dabbed his sack with my tongue, swallowed once, twice, then a third feeling his cock pulsing in its rubber prison spilling the contents of his balls into the tip. 

He gave a loud bellow as he came; his hands gripped the counter top supporting himself as I kept sucking him. Pulling him out of my mouth, I left the condom on him and stood up. Kissing two of my fingers and putting them on his lips I whispered, “Later doll.” Turning on my heel I unlocked the door and left him panting against the counter trying to collect himself. In the hall on the way back to the party I passed the Princess. Smiling at her, I point to the bathroom and continue back to the party.

The quick blowjob did nothing for the need that had been growing in my pussy. The need for a deep hard fucking that she was craving only to be disappointed, getting another drink I continued to mingle. I spotted Amanda on the floor surrounded by several men as she mewed and hisses as the football player fucked her from behind in “doggy position”. 

I paused and watched as she fucked back at him hard spinning and churning her hips fucking him back as much as he was fucking her. Pulling off of him, she turned around and sucked her pussy juices off of his rubber clad 9 inch cock; pushing him onto his back she crawled on top of him her hands on his legs and ass towards his face. Reaching under her she guided his member back into her wet pussy. With a loud meow she sunk down fully rolling her hips as she fucked his cock. 

They were turning on other people in the room. Beside them, there was a cheerleader laying on her back, her hands grabbing her heels as a black pimp split her open with his thick cock. The two of them were quiet a show as they fucked through orgasm after orgasm.

While watching I felt I presence behind me and hands reach around me, one hand cupped my damp pussy and the other dipped into my top to caress my nipple eliciting a moan from me. Looking over my shoulder, I peered into the greenest eyes I’ve ever seen in my life. The little princess had come up behind me and was enjoying the show also. “My boyfriend got a taste of you now I want some,” she whispered. Enjoying her touch I smiled down at her and moved us to an empty spot on the couch. Sitting on the couch she kneeled between my legs, reaching up and unzipping my leather pants she started to pull them down my hips. Helping her, I lifted my hips off the couch then lay back as she pushed my legs up and started to lick my crack from ass to clit. 

Her tongue dipped into my love tunnel scooping up its nectar. Holding my legs together and trapped in my pants she expertly nibbled and licked at my lips bringing me to the edge of bliss; then moving down to my tight rose bud and licking around there and receiving groans of passion from me as I tried to get my boots off while she ate me expertly. 

Taking my pussy in her mouth she sucked and started to hum deep in her throat, causing a vibration in my soul. This sent me quickly over the edge and I gave up with one boot off and the other still on as the orgasm took over my body. Her lips never left my treasure as I filled her mouth with my sweetness. 

The princess finally relented and released my pussy from her lips. Standing up as I looked at her through half lidded eyes having lost my sunglasses somewhere through my orgasm. As she reached behind her back releasing the clasps of her full skirt I kicked off my other boot and pealed my leather pants off my sweaty legs freeing them. 

Spreading my legs, I looked down seeing that her lipstick was smeared all over my bald wet pussy. I looked up at her and her face was a mess with my juices and her ruined lipstick. God she looked like a slut like that. 

The last clasp of her skirt freed it flowed to the floor exposing her stocking clad thighs with garters. The stockings, a smoky grey, her feet clad in a lace up boots, her sex covered by a aphrodisiacal pair of leather panties. Kneeling back down between my now open, legs she grabbed a bag that I hadn’t even noticed she’d been carrying around with her. Opening it, she took out this very large black dildo. It must have been 10 inches long and her small hands were not able to wrap around the base of it. 

This little princess was full of surprises. “I’m going to give you the fucking he didn’t sweetie,” she said with a twinkle in her eyes.  

Sitting back she attached the dildo to her harness that I had mistaken as panties. Making a show of it she opened a condom and stretched it over the huge phallus; the condom not reaching the base, leaving about 2 inches exposed. Picking up a bottle of lube she covered the rubber-clad cock. Reaching up she spread a liberal amount of lube over my already wet pussy. I shivered as she worked the cold lube into me as I spread my legs wide offering her more access. 

Rising up to her knees, she guided the thick plum sized head into my inflamed sex. Groaning loudly as she penetrated me, the head spreading my lips to their fullest the girth of the cock dug its way between them. She slowly pushed it into me, as I felt another orgasm rising being filled to the fullest as I watched this dainty woman pushing a bull cock into my pussy. 

As she pushed into me my clit was rolled along the top of the thrusting shaft causing my pussy to cream my juices adding to the lube, I felt them dripping down my upturned ass pooling on the leather couch. 

Feeling her bottom out in my pussy, I looked down and saw that there was at least another inch or two left I’ve never felt so full. My new lover slowly pulled out only to press back in again bottoming out. She picked up a nice slow rhythm pushing into my pouring sex. I could do nothing but moan as I felt my orgasms getting harder and harder with she expert fucking. Her hips moving not only in deep thrusts, but also with twists making sure she hit every pleasure spot in my pussy. 

Leaning over me she pushed my legs up and back changing the angle of her fucking, the head of her cock hit my spot with each thrust and opened my pussy more. My eyes suddenly went wide as saucers as I felt the plunging head push through my now open cervix; the intensity and depth of the penetration causing me to cum again, my juices pushed out of my stretched pussy. 

She held still letting my orgasm roll through me feeling my hips bucking under her as my pussy griped her cock in an iron clasp pulsating around it in ecstasy. Feeling my legs go limp, she smiled down at me. “Now it’s time to really give you a fucking!” she smiled with the devil in her eyes.

With that she pulled all but the head of the cock out of my pussy. Raising up on her feet, she plunged down into my upturned sex pounding into my now stretched pussy. Bulls could take lessons from this woman. She fucked me deep and hard, her hips slapping my upturned ass, my pussy making loud noises as she pushed my juices out of my pussy. 

I lost count of how many times this princess took me over the edge finally sending me from this world as we both had shattering, screaming orgasms. The base of her harness having a small cock fucking her as she fucked me with the bull cock.

(Good transition) I woke up from my short slumber feeling soft lips between my legs. Looking down I saw Amanda’s loving eyes looking up at me as she licked me clean; her hair matted from her lost hood. She smiled up at me nuzzling my thigh. “Ma’am, there are some bulls that would like to fuck you;” she told me. 

Looking around I saw the princess getting her ass reamed out over an ottoman, the thick cock filling her ass, her butt cheeks red from his hips slapping into her upturned ass.

With Amanda’s help I got up off the couch and lead the four most promising men down the hall looking for an open room, leaving a substantial puddle from my foray with the princess in my wake.

Trying the first door we saw that the room is already full with frolicking couples. Two women in a sixty-nine right next to what we assume were their dates also in a sixty-nine sucking each other’s cocks. Even though it looked yummy and hot I had other cocks to fuck. Closing the door quietly I continued down the hall, my hand reaching out and stroking the closest cock to test it.

After finding nothing but fucking groups in the next three rooms, I almost gave up. However, in one of the last doors I opened, I caught sight of a kilted ass in the air; the person's head between the fucking couple on the bed busily sucking and licking the two lovers. I knew Barb had found a playmate and that, while she was getting a royal fucking her husband was busily collecting her juices and licking her lover’s balls. Peering into the room I saw that Barb had chosen the master bedroom for her fucking, the bed dominating the room being a California king. Along one wall was a fireplace with a gas fire, giving ambience; in front of the fireplace was a large comfortable looking couch. 

Grabbing a cock in each hand I pull them into the room Amanda and the other two following right behind. Looking over at the trio on the bed as I walked across the room I had to admire the way Barb was fucking this stud. Every time he slammed his hips down at her open pussy she would fuck back up, her hips undulating and fucking back up at him hard. 

Grinning, Amanda crawled up onto the bed and kissed Barb passionately. 
