 Bella Jamison knew her relationship with Martin Hall was falling apart. The problem was for the longest time, the 5'4" brunette simply had no idea how to go about salvaging it.

She had remade herself completely for the handsome business executive. Normally a strong-willed, independent woman, she was confident enough in her sexuality to let him have control sexually. He liked women with long hair so she let her dark brown hair grow long and full, down to her ass. She started covering that ass in skin-tight minis, leather pants and skimpy thongs because Martin told her she had a fuckable ass. She had let him fuck that ass several times and although not her favorite thing to do, he liked it, so it was okay with Bella.

She loved being sexy, who said a tiny girl couldn't be sexy? Certainly not Martin, who called her "fuckstuff". It gave him pleasure to let loose after hours and lose the corporate mentality. She was his fucktoy and glad of it. No man had ever given her the kind of savage fuckings he had. She craved them and desired them. Yet Martin had the most devious of minds. When she thought she knew his mind, he would be tender and gentle and do something to spoil her rotten. He always kept her off-balance and that was the fun part of their relationship.

Lately though, he seemed bored and disinterested. Yes, Bella was his toy, but that was HER choice, not his. She was still strong and proud of her sexuality and didn't intend to let Martin or anyone take her for granted. If he didn't want a 23-year old hottie with a great set of 32B boobies and an ass that jiggled nicely when she walked, she'd find someone else. She was 23 to his 51. There were a lot more options available to her than there were to him. Still, Bella wasn't going down without a fight. She intended to show him what he'd be missing if he were dumb enough to let her go.

Bella made some phone calls with the help of a friend, she set her plan in motion. It was risky as hell, but she thought the end might just be worth the risk. Besides, even if it didn't work, she'd still have a sexual adventure that she would remember for the rest of her life.

She set it up for Friday afternoon. Many of Martin's associates only did a half-day on Fridays and went golfing or found some other way to entertain themselves. This Friday, Bella was going to provide some entertainment for Martin and he'd never forget it. Not even if he lived to be 100.

Bella walked into the conference room and everyone she had invited to participate was already there. Tina, Martin's 31-year old secretary who was a hot, slinky black woman that Martin said had lusted after Bella for some time. Martin's golfing buddy, Blaine -- Martin owed him $100 and Bella told him after this, he was to clear the debt. He had no problem with that, he told Bella as he eyed her up and down. Herman, who had worked alongside Martin for years and was his closest work buddy. Herman's wife Lorena, a foxy redhead who had a reputation as a real "party girl" years before. All of them were going to help Bella out of her predicament or at least provide her with a memorable afternoon and evening.

Tina had told Martin that there was something he needed to see in the conference room. It was the place where Bella herself had first fucked Martin. She'd been temping there for a few weeks and the newly-divorced Martin made a play for her. Naïve, sweet little Bella allowed herself to be transformed into his willing fuckslut. After all this time, she decided that it was time for her to take a modicum of control back.

Tina brought her boss into the conference room. He was surprised to see Bella there, they didn't have plans today. He had been considering finding himself a diversion this weekend, he wasn't sure about himself and the younger girl. He noticed the others in the room and he also noticed that the women were dressed in a somewhat provocative manner.

"Someone want to tell me what the fuck is going on around here?" Martin said curtly.

"Shut up Martin," Lorena snapped back. The 35-year old also had a reputation as a take-no-prisoners spitfire. "You've got this lovely little creature here and you're taking her for granted. That's going to stop here and now. We're all going to show you what a little gem she is ... and to add to that, this is all her idea. Bella, why don't you get on the table, there's a good girl."

Bella smiled at Lorena and then she got up on the table and stretched out sensually. Clad in her tiniest mini, stiletto heels and lacy undies, she was a visual feast ... but now someone else was going to feast. "Care to join me, Tina?" Bella purred seductively.

Martin blinked, once, twice, three times! He knew ... well, he thought he knew ... that Bella had never been with a woman before. Yet before his eyes, Bella was letting his secretary undress her and fondle her perfect boobies. Bella was reaching out and unbuttoning Tina's blouse and licking her dark, chocolate tits. Martin had always wanted to fuck Tina but she had continually put him off. At times, he thought she might be a lesbian, there had been rumors to that effect. As he watched Bella with Tina, he envied his pretty young girlfriend for getting there first. Tina slithered her tongue all over Bella's sexy, nubile body and he saw her stiletto heels catch a glint of light from the fluorescents above. He could already smell Bella's arousal as Tina fondled and played with her body. She and Bella moved sensually together on the large conference table, moaning and groaning and sexually entertaining the others in the room. "Lick my tits, my cunt, all of me, you black sexy whore!" Bella cried out. Martin was astonished at Bella's boldness but she was far from done. Tina slipped away and sat in a chair, not even slightly self-conscious at her being naked in front of everyone.

"Blaine, you keep staring at my ass," Bella giggled, wiggling her butt provocatively.

"Can't help it sweetness, I've always thought you had a great ass," Blaine told her, moving a sandy curl from in front of his pale green eyes. "Martin is a lucky sonovabitch to have you."

"It's your lucky day too, Blaine baby. You like my ass? Would you like to fuck my ass? Oil up your cock and bugger me lover!" Bella offered.

"I wouldn't mind fucking you the regular way first, beautiful," Blaine smiled, removing his jacket, shirt and tie. Tina had her eye on Blaine, she had no idea her boss' friend was so nicely built. Next time he asked her out, she was saying yes. She watched him put some lube on his cock and thought that would suit her rather nicely when they finally got together.

Blaine got on the table directly behind Bella. He knew she didn't need any further stimulation, but he had fantasized about eating that sweet pussy for a long time and he'd be damned if he was passing on the opportunity. He dove into her sweet, pink, shaved cunt and ate for a few minutes, hearing Bella hiss and moan. When he thought Bella had enough, he presented his cock to her waiting lips. Bella gave him an evil grin and sucked his massive cock deeply down her throat until he was ready to go. She saw Martin out of the corner of her dark brown eyes and saw frustration, astonishment and other emotions showing in his face.

"Okay baby, little Bella needs some fucking. Give it to me Blaine, fuck Bella like the nasty, horny whore she is!" Bella begged, making sure Martin heard her. Bella looked at Blaine as he got in position, if Martin couldn't deal with her, Blaine was a definite "maybe". He really was muscular and drop-dead gorgeous! That was her last coherent thought before Blaine's cock slammed deep into her needy pussy!

Martin watched in astonishment as the biggest cock he had ever seen, one bigger than many male porn actors wielded, fucked in and out of his sexy young girlfriend. Her naked, soft young body would seem incapable of handling such a mammoth piece of manhood, but from all outward appearances, she seemed to be doing fine. In comparison to Blaine, Martin felt almost Lilliputian. He could hear Bella moaning and howling and was glad the office was nearly deserted and the conference room almost soundproof. Bella was certainly making it obvious she was enjoying the servicing she was getting from the virile Blaine. Martin gritted his teeth and watched Blaine and Bella fucking, jealous as hell and yet unable to tear his eyes from the lewd spectacle they presented.

"Fuck, I'm cumming, I'm cumming!" Bella howled as Blaine fucked her deeply. That didn't stop Blaine, once he had made the petite brunette cum, he took his cock out of her pussy and shoved it in her ass. He butt-fucked the young girl slowly and deliberately. She could see Martin simmering, previously this had been territory where only HE had gone before. It didn't take her long to convulse with her second orgasm of the day and it wouldn't be her last.

"Herman, Lorena, are you both up for a little three-way action?" Bella invited them. Herman's wife began undressing him and Martin could see his friend obviously availed himself of the company gym, he had a nice, solid build. It was Lorena who was even more impressive, a curvy, big-titted body emerged, one hot bitch clad in sexy black satin lingerie. She got up to join Bella first and now Bella was on her back. The redhead straddled Bella's face and lowered her pussy to the girl's eager face. Bella pulled Lorena's panties to one side and began lapping cunt for all she was worth. In the meantime, Herman got between Bella's legs and began to fuck her with smooth, practiced strokes. He moved in and out easily, as she was soaked with the juices of her earlier exertions and he soon established a smooth, steady pace that had Bella shaking with pleasure.

Tina was watching her employer watching his girlfriend get fucked. She had quite enjoyed her little escapade with the tiny brunette and hoped there might be a repeat performance someday, either with Martin involved or solo with Bella. She liked her boss, but Bella had been right when she approached Tina with her scheme and enlisted her help. Martin needed to be taken down a peg or two and shown just what was at stake. She hoped he got the message because Bella had informed Tina that Martin had a nice cock and Tina was eager to try it out for herself.

"Fuck me Herman, give you that fucking cock, you motherfucking prick!" Bella howled nastily and then went back to eating pussy. She wished she hadn't waited so long to try the pleasures of another woman, as both Tina and now Lorena were very delicious, pleasurable sex partners. She found herself quite liking the taste of pussy and thought of inviting Tina or Lorena over for a little one-on-one in the near future. Then she got an even more wicked thought -- why not have both of them over and make it a real "girl's night"?

"Oh God Lorena, you lucky, lucky slut, he knows what he's doing, you're so lucky to have a guy like this who can fuck you this way!" Bella moaned as the thick cock moved in and out of her cunt. She had cum again and wondered if the others had seen it.

"You're welcome to borrow him any time you want sweetie," Lorena sighed as Bella's tongue got her off. "Off course, I might have to come and ... check up on you when you do." She winked as she got off Bella's licking tongue.

Martin grinned, Bella had now been with everyone in the room and he assumed they were done. Bella had enjoyed her fun and made her point and now everyone would go home and go about their business. That's what Martin believed.

He believed WRONG.

Bella had been very angry and until she had started all of this, she didn't know just how angry she had truly been. Martin had been taking her for granted and that had to stop. Yes, she was submissive, but she was NOT a possession. In all other ways, Bella was a free-thinking, modern young woman with hopes and desires of her own. Just because Martin was older and supposedly smarter, it didn't mean her feelings shouldn't be taken into account. She intended to make her point to Martin until it stung.

"Okay everyone, let's finish this with a bang," Bella grinned. "Blaine, you've already had my ass, so you get my cunt. Herman, you can be the second man to have my ass tonight, both of you go slow and be careful, I'm a wild little slut, but I'm petite. Lorena and Tina, you two bitches go to the head of the table and I'm going to alternate eating your cunts, I hope I can make both of you whores cum while I'm being gang-banged. Everyone up for this?"

For the first time, Martin spoke out. "W-What about me?" He cried in a pitiful tone.

"YOU can watch lover and see Bella put on her little show," Bella told him in a haughty tone. "If you behave yourself, we can talk later. Okay babies, time's a-wastin', let's get this fuckfest on the road!"

Bella got into position but not before the two women had both tasted her pussy and cleaned her up a bit to get her ready for the men. Blaine had enjoyed fucking Bella's tight, educated pussy and soon set up a good pace, fucking her with smooth, easy strokes. Blaine had never double-teamed another man, although he knew his kinky wife had experienced things like this before. They had been monogamous since getting married a few years earlier, although Lorena had hinted she might not mind going back to a swinging lifestyle. From the fun he'd enjoyed this afternoon, he knew he'd have to give it some serious thought. Bella was a fucking wildcat and Tina was gorgeous, yes, he'd give it some serious thought for sure!

Herman's cock moved into Bella's ass and for a few moments, he could hardly move. Then he began to get a rhythm of his own, separate from Blaine's, he was fucking her tight hole as best he could. He saw Bella approaching Lorena and moving her face deep into his wife's fiery thatch. Until this day, he had not fucked another woman after marrying Lorena. His screwing Bella didn't lessen his affection for his wife and seeing Lorena so hot and passionate, it might have even heightened it!

"GAWWWWDDDD!!" Bella howled as the two pricks DP'd her. She felt like a total slut, a little whore only good for fucking. She could feel Martin's eyes staring holes through her, but as she ate Tina's black cunt, she couldn't have cared less. If Martin couldn't handle the changes she had made, she knew she had 4 new lovers that she could play with at any time. Her body was wracked with sensations of pain, but those melted away with the blissful feeling of her body being fucked by two men who really knew what they were doing.

Both Tina and Lorena were watching Martin being visually captivated by the sight of his young girlfriend being fucked by the two virile men. Neither of them had ever done something as wild as what Bella was doing, not even Lorena in her wilder days. Both of them imagined themselves in her place and both of them got chills at the thought.

Finally, both men unleashed large loads of cum all over Bella's back and ass. Tina and Lorena moved in close and licked the cummy remnants from Bella's body. She trembled at this final, kinky pleasure.

Tina went to get materials to clean things up and Lorena went with her. Blaine and Herman got dressed, gave Bella a final kiss goodbye and left without saying anything to Martin. Now Bella and Martin were alone for the first time this afternoon.

"So Martin, was that exciting for you?" Bella asked him.

Martin nodded, unable to find his voice to respond.

"I surprised you, didn't I? You didn't think your playmate, your little whore, was that sexual a person. You underestimated me, didn't you?" Bella told him in a severe tone.

"Yes," Martin finally answered her.

"Did it turn you on, watching me fuck like that? To see me acting like a slut, a total whore?" Bella continued to press him.

"I'm honestly not sure Bella, I've never seen that side of you. I know you love sex and you love to fuck, but that was a whole other side of you," Martin answered honestly.

"You're damned right it was, so you listen to me Martin and listen well. I'm your girlfriend and your lover and in bed, I'm a submissive by nature. I like being naughty and being fucked like a slut, being a whore for you. But that doesn't mean I want to be taken for granted or ignored or that I don't like being pampered and spoiled with nice things or having our fucking be gentle every so often. Just because I'm younger than you Martin does NOT mean I will accept this kind of treatment. Do you want to continue our relationship? Because this is the way it has to be if we're going to move forward," Bella stated plainly.

Martin found a small smile for the first time that afternoon. "You're right Bella and I owe you an apology. Wow, I never would have thought you had such passion in you. You really surprised me and yeah, if I have to be honest, I think I was a bit turned on. You finally swung with a woman, how did you enjoy it?" Martin asked, curious.

"I liked it and if you play your cards right, I think we can convince Tina to join us sometime," Bella grinned. "I really got turned on by her sexy, black body. I'm sure we can convince Lorena and Herman to swap with us in the future as well. Now take me home lover ... I'm getting horny again and I want my boyfriend to fuck me!"

Just then Tina re-entered the room with towels to clean them all off. "I couldn't help overhearing the last few things you said," Tina said to Bella, not deferring to her boss. "Would you two like a little company tonight?"

Bella hadn't put her clothes back on and neither had Tina. Luckily, it was after 6 and everyone had gone home. "I'd love that, would you like to fuck Martin?" Bella asked her.

With a wry smile, Tina stroked Bella's arms and said "If you're willing to let me baby. As far as I'm concerned, you're the one who's calling the shots."