 "Gangbang!" Bella shouted down from Rob's bedroom.

"Excuse me?" Rob bellowed back, he could barely hear her over the sound of her hairdryer. He could imagine her bending in front of the mirror, her wet body wrapped tightly in his towel, her hair falling heavily towards the floor as she aired it with the hot dryer. He muted the television. 

"A Gangbang," She repeated, sounding slightly irritated at his inability to hear her. "I want a fucking Gangbang!"

Rob rolled his eyes, Bella had always told him how badly she wanted to fulfil this particular fantasy, but it was never something he had seriously considered. He loved watching her fuck other guys, but he also liked taking control and being at the centre of events. That many men all vying for her attention would be a nightmare for him to manage, both mentally and physically. But Bella had talked about it so many times, perhaps this time he should listen to her. Resigned, he put down the remote and walked upstairs. 

"Are you sure though?" he asked as he stepped into the bedroom. Bella was positioned exactly as he had imagined. "Wouldn't it all be a bit too much? And how the hell are we going to get that many guys together in one place?" He put one arm around her in an attempt to appease her, with the other he stroked her hair. The towel clung to her skin, the outline of her body was appealing. Her hair was still partially damp, it felt saturated and heavy as it hung from his fingers.

"But I'll organise it, you don't need to do a thing. Just turn up and fuck me," she pleaded.

Rob pondered this. He didn't completely hate the idea. He just couldn't see her having the time or patience to arrange it. It was hard enough to meet just one genuine person. To get three or four would be almost impossible and Bella didn't exactly have the greatest attention span. The thought frustrated him, so he waved it to one side. 

"Well today you'll have to make do with me."

She was standing in front of the bed. A gentle push against her chest and she fell backwards onto the mattress, her legs naturally parted, and the towel opened to expose her full breasts, stomach and pussy. Bella purred as she placed her hands above her head, as Rob had instructed her that first time they had met. She looked at Rob and bit her lower lip. Rob didn't need Bella's invitation. He dropped to his knees and placed his hands firmly on her thighs, pushing them apart as he leant closer to her groin. Her body was still warm from the shower and she smelt fresh and clean. He took a while to admire her pussy, which was opening for him, wet from the shower but also from her own excitement. His fingers ran from her knees, along her thighs towards her cunt, alternating his touch between his nails and the tips of his fingers. He watched as Bella arched her back, closed her eyes and threw back her head, her hair whipping the pillow. 

He fumbled with his trousers and eventually managed to unbutton his jeans. He pulled his cock from the opening of his boxer shorts and forced it into her. He took her ankles and held her legs apart. The feeling of her naked form against his fully clothed body was incredible. The towel had now completely opened and fully exposed Bella's body, her breasts rested perfectly on top of her chest, her nipples hard and tight. Using her ankles as leverage, he pushed harder. She moaned as his cock explored deep inside her. He was rough, but still took his time, with long deep thrusts.

He eventually released her ankles, allowing Bella's legs to wrap securely around his waist. His hands made their way up the length of her torso, stopping to fondle her large pillowy breasts before heading to her arms. He took her wrists and held them tightly as he leant in to kiss her. He made sure to push deep inside her as he did this so that he could share in the sharp intake of her breath as she felt him fill her completely. 

Rob continued like this for a while, pulling back and letting his cock almost spring out of her before forcing himself back into her pussy. These long, deep thrusts felt amazing for Rob, sending waves of pleasure along every inch of his length. Bella was enjoying it too, her wetness providing ample lubrication for Rob's thick cock. His balls slapped against her, their bodies meeting with a loud clap. 

Rob slowed, and pulled out of her. She groaned, frustrated that he had stopped mid-flow. He pulled himself onto the bed and lay on his back, gesturing for her to get on top of him. He loved the view in this position and knew that his cock met her G-spot at the perfect angle when she rode him. She mounted him but hesitated when he tried to enter her. 

"Rob, I really want a Gangbang. Please do this for me." 

"Not now, we'll talk about it later," exclaimed Rob, desperate to be inside her again. He immediately felt Bella's thighs tighten around his body.

"Yes. Yes we fucking will. Let me sit on your face." 

With that, she slid her body up Rob's, virtually strangling him between her strong thighs. It was rare for Bella to take control. Rob was dominant, and there were usually clear rules and boundaries. But if Bella was in this kind of mood there was no point in arguing with her. And in any case, he loved to be smothered by her pussy. 

He lay back as she manoeuvred herself over him. Her soft, damp thigh brushed his nose as she lifted it to the side of his face. There it was, her beautiful cunt. Wet, gaping and ready. She slowly lowered herself onto Rob's face. He took a deep breath, knowing that she would soon make this hard for him. 

He closed his eyes and lifted his head to meet her. She was teasing him, keeping herself just far enough away from his mouth so that he couldn't taste her. Rob wasn't in the mood for being teased, he took hold of her waist and pulled her sharply down on to him. As soon as he felt her warm lips touch his, he gasped. She tasted incredible and was already so wet. He lapped at her pussy, his tongue parting her lips as he did so. He was like an animal; his tongue lashing her, his teeth biting her. He was lacking the control that he usually exercised when licking her pussy. He felt her clit, hard and engorged, rub against him. When he could, he'd try and capture it in his mouth, sucking it like a hard sweet. It wasn't long, though, before Rob's control of the situation had almost completely diminished. Bella was riding his face hard. He could feel her juices covering him, flowing freely from her sopping pussy, down his face and on to the pillow. He could barely breathe as she continued to fuck him, grinding her hips hard into his face. All he could do was lie there and try and take a breath whenever he could. Her hands gripped the top of his head, pushing him down into the pillow, using it to help push her hips harder on to him. He could just about reach up to her waist to try and slow her movements, but his efforts were in vain. 

Rob was almost relieved when he felt the signs that Bella was about to cum. He loved her fucking his face, but this was something else; he'd never known her so wild and uncontrollable. Bella's pussy was starting to gush, almost drowning him as her juice started to fill his mouth. She was virtually screaming, her body tense and contorted. Her thighs were like a vice around his head, he held them and pulled them tightly, trying to loosen them, but he quickly realised that he was just a passenger on this incredible orgasmic ride. The grinding reached a crescendo. Although his ears were smothered by her thighs he could hear Bella's final muffled cries. Her whole body tightened and, as the orgasm charged from her groin throughout her body, she gushed uncontrollably. Rob tried to swallow of much of her juice as possible, but most of it squirted on to his face and on to her thighs. As her body trembled, he held his tongue firmly inside her pussy. 

Bella slowly released her grip of Rob's head as she started to recover from her climax. For once it was Rob that felt used, but it felt amazing. She raised her body slightly, allowing him to regain his breath. He licked his lips; her juices were starting to dry and had become sticky. The musty taste was delicious, he thirstily lapped again at her cunt. His face and neck were completely covered by her, the top half of his white shirt had become almost transparent, sticking tightly to his skin.

She lifted herself completely from his face and flopped on the bed next to him, breathing heavily. Her still-wet hair messily covered her face, locks of it stuck to her cheeks and lips forcing her to blow it away from her panting mouth. She was a beautiful dishevelled mess. Perhaps Bella had earned her Gangbang? He would give it some more thought later that night, but he wouldn't let on to Bella. He turned on to his side to face her and rested his cheek against hers. 

"Bella?" he whispered seductively in her ear, drops of Bella's wetness falling from his face onto hers. 

"Yes?" she asked hopefully.

"You're going to need another shower."

*****

Bella arrived at Rob's house, exhausted and stressed. She'd had a terrible day at work. Bella thought of herself as a strong woman, she had to be as a business owner, but today one too many people had pushed her buttons and it had all been too much. As she turned the key to open the door, all she could think about was curling up on the sofa with some food, Rob and a good movie. 

Rob, it seemed, had other ideas. He bounded over to her as soon as she stepped into the entrance hall, his face alight with an oddly excited grin.

"Oh fuck, what is it?" she sighed. 

"I've got a surprise for you!" he eagerly replied, his eyes scanning her face for a mutual sign of excitement. There was none.

"Rob, I've had the shittiest day, I really just need to chill out tonight, please don't be weird."

"But you don't know what your surprise is yet." The look of boyish excitement had started to disappear from Rob's face, and Bella started to regret her curt response. 

"Ok, tell me then," she tried to muster some enthusiasm in her voice, but she knew that it just wasn't there.

"No, I won't tell you, I'll show you!". He was a magician, excited to show his audience his new trick. Bella did not want tickets for his show. 

"Rob, honestly, I'm not in the mood for whatever shit you have planned." She was deadly serious. Rob liked to surprise her occasionally with silly gifts, but they always came with a price; some sort of game or riddle. This wasn't the time for playing. 

Rob took Bella's hand and attempted to lead her upstairs. She reluctantly followed him, her heavy and deliberate footsteps making it clear how displeased she was with his childish behaviour. As they neared the top of the stairs, Bella detected the smell of Rob's aftershave, which had wafted in her face. It was different to his usual, lighter and more floral. In all the time she'd known him he'd always worn the same scent. Rob was behaving very strangely, and it unnerved Bella. Just what the hell was going on?

They turned on to the hallway and Bella saw that the bedroom door was closed. He must have left her something on the bed. Perhaps some flowers, or maybe lingerie? Although still thoroughly pissed off, the thought did momentarily brighten her mood. If Rob knew one thing, it was how to make her feel special. 

"After you." Rob beckoned her towards the closed door. She looked at him, his grin had returned, and he looked excessively pleased with himself. Bella rolled her eyes, reached for the handle and pushed open the door.

*****

As if by instinct, she closed her eyes as she walked into the bedroom. The first thing that hit Bella was the overwhelming odour. The fragrance that she'd detected on the stairs hung heavy in the air, but she also recognised something else; the smell of recently bathed bodies. She immediately knew what her surprise was.

She could barely bring herself to, but she slowly opened her eyes. In front of her were three figures. Three young naked men, in fact, their faces only just visible in the dark room, the only illumination emanating from a single bedside lamp. 

The first man, tanned, hairy and toned, lounged on the bed. Bella guessed that he was in his mid-thirties. He clearly looked after himself, his body was muscular, but at the same time rugged, as though he'd earned his form. He had a short dark beard and a worn but handsome face. Perhaps he was a farmer, Bella thought, recalling a documentary she'd recently seen about fit young farm workers, to which she had spent far too long masturbating. His chin rested on one hand, the other had a tight grip of his very hard cock. He didn't say a word but stared deeply into Bella's wide eyes. As he did so, he slowly stroked his shaft. 

The other two men were both stood next to the bed. They'd obviously been talking before Bella had entered the room and had turned to face her. She could barely make out the second man, he had stood further back into the corner of the room and was enveloped in shadow. He appeared to be quite young and slim with fashionable dark blonde hair. He looked handsome, but it was so difficult to tell. As she strained to get a better view, the man closest to her stepped in front of him and extended his arm. 

"Hello Bella, I'm Nick." A deep and confident voice. He took her hand and leant in to kiss her cheek. His hand was wonderfully smooth, his touch gentle and considerate. He was slightly taller and leaner than Rob. He had hardly any hair on his body, his muscles were clearly defined. His cock was hard and thick. As he moved backwards it swayed heavily in the air. Bella couldn't help but bite her lip as she stared at him. She liked him very much. 

As she admired the figures in front of her, it dawned on her that these men all had one thing in common; while their faces were quite distinct, all of them, she realised, had very similar cocks. The same length, girth and shape. All of them were the same as Rob's! It made sense; while Rob wasn't attracted to men, he was obsessed with aesthetics and needed everything to look perfect. In Bella's eyes, Rob's cock was perfect. It was big, but not unwieldly. It was thick and filled her nicely but not too thick that she couldn't take him in her mouth. Rob had selected men that he thought were perfect; he had selected men that resembled him, in one way at least. She had to admire him for that and smiled to herself as she imagined Rob sat in front of his phone swiping through hundreds of pictures of erect penises to find what he was looking for. The thought didn't last long though, her anger quickly returned and engulfed it. 

"Rob?" She turned to look at him. As much as she enjoyed the sight of these three handsome men, the scowl on her face told a different story. Rob didn't seem particularly bothered by Bella's reaction. 

"This is what you wanted, so I made it happen," he explained. As the words left his mouth she felt his fingers lift her skirt and squeeze her bottom. They quickly reached around to her front, slipped under her knickers, and gently probed her pussy. His arm felt strong and tight against her body and his actions had exposed her to the three men. She could feel Rob's hard cock pushing into her backside, straining against the loose material of his trousers. She was suddenly very conscious that the strangers' eyes were now all trained on her moistening cunt. The room fell silent.

Rob was right, he had made it happen, but it was on his terms not hers. She wanted to be the one to hand pick the men, she wanted to choose exactly who would take her and how she'd be had. She paused. 

"But Rob, this isn't the way I wanted it." 

"Bella, relax, take this in. Look at who I've found for you. I'm sorry I didn't involve you, but I've done this for you, just enjoy it, please."

Bella paused again. Yes, Rob had acted against her instruction, but the sight of these magnificent men, the time and effort Rob must have spent in selecting the perfect specimens, the charge of sexual energy in room; Could she just let herself go? Her eyes darted between each of the men; their toned bodies, their state of arousal, their wanting eyes. The worries of her day, the difficult client meetings and the frustration she felt towards Rob all faded away. Replaced almost immediately with an overwhelming feeling of uncontrollable and insatiable lust. 

*****

Three cocks became four, as she felt Rob unbutton his trousers behind her. He was close to her, she could feel his warm, heavy breath against her neck. She could tell he was getting aroused, his touch was more purposeful and serious. She smiled to herself. He was confident now, but she could imagine how anxious Rob must have been before she had turned up; directing these men into position, making sure they were all suitably hard for her arrival, making sure everything was perfect for her. 

She reached behind her, took Rob's cock roughly in her hand and stroked it deeply. As she did this Rob's hands reached around her. He started to unbutton her blouse, taking his time to tease his guests. One by one the buttons came apart and at the same time her bra straps fell from her shoulders, slowly revealing her breasts. She felt Rob kiss her neck and reacted by throwing her head back and leaning into him. His hands massaged her breasts, taking her nipples and gently twisting them. She gasped and watched as the three men stood transfixed by the site of Rob's hands stimulating her, all masturbating in the direction of her half naked body. 

"Enjoy yourself," Rob whispered in her ear. The sound of his voice sent shivers down her spine. 

What, or who, to do first? The man on the bed, who Rob would later introduce as David, still hadn't moved and looked content just watching her. The man in the shadows was too far away to reach, although she was intrigued by his shyness. It was Nick who she settled on, the man who had so confidently introduced himself. She gave Rob one last stroke and then let go of him before dropping to her knees in front of Nick. 

She held his cock in her hand and took her time to examine it. Its head was slightly more bulbous than Rob's and sat on the end of a long thick shaft. It was moist with pre-cum, which she immediately extracted with a light flick of her tongue. She swallowed, a delicate salty flavour. His chest and pubic hair was completely removed, professionally waxed she had assumed, and his abdominal muscles were clearly visible. She took her other hand and touched his stomach, lingering on the defined ridges of muscle as she ran her hands across his body. As she did this she pulled his foreskin to fully expose the head of his cock, which her tongue sloppily licked. she lowered her head onto him and took all of him in her mouth.

She felt Rob kneel behind her. He was using one hand to pull her cheeks apart, the fingers of his other were lightly dabbing the edge of her wet lips. She arched her back and pushed her bottom out slightly, helping her cheeks to part further and allowing Rob a better sight of her arsehole and pussy. As his long fingers entered her she pushed down on Nick's cock, taking it deep into her throat. Nick's hands reached down and delicately held her head, his fingers running through her hair. She could tell that he didn't know how to be with her, she really wouldn't have minded if he'd forced himself into her, but she thought it was sweet that he was being so gentle. She started to take him deeper into her throat, her head bobbing as he filled her again and again. 

Nick was clearly enjoying the attention, his groans were becoming louder, and he'd even started to rock himself back and forward, gently fucking her face. But she didn't want him to cum too quickly, she wanted to experience a lot more of him. She slowed. Nick's cock was still in her mouth as she looked over at the younger man in the shadows. As best she could, she beckoned for him to come nearer. He hesitated then took a tentative step forward. Bella reached out with her free hand, but he was too far away still. She could see that he was tugging at his cock, desperately trying to keep himself hard. She took Nick out of her mouth and held him in her left hand. 
