 We stirred early to the beautiful sounds and light of the Island, we held each other as we withdrew slowly from slumber, we shared smiles and soft kisses, we responded to each other without words, my hand slipped down there as yours did, your skin felt so soft, so smooth, so perfect... Your wetness answered my only question and we made love so beautifully slowly, like one body...orgasm coincided with awakening...the first words of the day were spoken by you as you asked me to pass the soap as we showered together. 

We breakfasted on the patio, we spoke only briefly of last night and we smiled as we did so, you told me how you had enjoyed the experience as I told you the same...you asked me how I’d felt about what I’d done with him.. I answered honestly that I’d enjoyed it because of the situation we had all found ourselves in. I asked you if you had any regrets, you said none at all for the same reason as I’d said and added that as I was ok with it all so were you...this led me to ask the inevitable question...”Do you want to do it again, maybe do more?"

"Let’s stay open to the possibilities” you replied with a grin. 

I wrestled with the thought of you having sex with another man, I had never thought I could like it. When I had been able to it was only ever in the fantasies we’d shared as we’d made love together and alone. At those times it had always been a stranger in the fantasy...just like Ben was. 

I knew (and hoped) you had similar feelings about me being with another woman. I had everything I needed in you, having sex with another woman could never be anything compared to making love with you. I had watched you with Erica and found it all so incredibly erotic but no more erotic than when you did those same things to and with me, I wanted to know how you felt and so I had to ask you...you told me it was incredibly exciting to have had your first orgasm in those circumstances and beyond belief to have the second one, you added that by this time you were floating, feeling indebted, feeling erotic beyond imagination and exceptionally inquisitive...you wanted to try it and you had wanted to see if you could give her an orgasm like she had just given you...you wanted to feel how she moved as it happened and the results didn’t surprise you but still made your head spin in the same way that our love making does almost always. The way you described your feelings turned me on, you noticed my shorts, you smiled at me as your eyes lifted to meet mine. I asked if you wanted her again...perfect as ever you replied “ I want to do it to you"

"Oh yes I asked, how would you do that?"

"Well” you began...”First you’d have to have a really good shave, your face and down there, I could help with that, and a really hot steamy shower, then, you’d have to let me make you up and dress you as I liked...then, when I had you looking just as I imagine you could look...and maybe for this I could tie you up...(my eyes were popping out of my head by now and my cock was straining to pop out of my shorts)...I’d seduce you...I’d hold your cock out of the way, flat against your belly while I kissed you all over down there, I’d tease and tickle you, suck and nibble your breasts and nipples and finally...” You tailed off as you gave me a wide eyed stare coupled with a big big smile.. ”yes” I said, 

“finally what?”...you leaned close to me, hands on my thighs, either side of my balls, your lips came to my ear and you whispered “finally...I’d fuck your ass”...your tongue trailed from my ear to my neck as tingles ran through me and your hands cupped my sex, my dick sent out enough messages that it could have been working on morse code as my hands came around you and our mouths met again...a long wet, deep kiss...you pulled away from me and led us to the bedroom...I slid into you easily and hard, you gasped a little as your arms came around me and your head went back as you made that perfect arch...

I bent to kiss your breasts, to tease and excite your delicious nipples as I began to stroke in and out of your depths, I felt your pussy tighten around me, I had never felt this big inside you, I had never felt you clamp down on me so tightly...I was enjoying this moment so much, I knew I could last way beyond your orgasm after already having had one before breakfast...we moved together like this, hard but tight and so solidly connected, as one, perfect, increasing in tempo as you began to buck and whimper your “yes’s”...

Your whimpers turned into shouts and then screams, I stayed with you, stayed tight, rode with you through it and quickened to bring you all the way through...we stayed with it’s peak for what seemed like forever then I slowed as you came spiraling down out of it, floating somewhere between me and oblivion...I lost you for those usual few seconds then your smile told me you were back with me, still tingling but aware again...you hugged me to you, kissed me, I still moved very slowly inside your wetness...you smiled at me as you asked “did you come yet” I offered the slightest shake of my head and a wry smile...

You pulled gently away from me, as I rolled to one side you pushed against my chest, I fell back on the bed, arms out stretched above my head, your lips began to suck your own wetness from the tip of my cock, you licked across it’s slit and then bobbed down taking in all it’s head, sucking tightly as your hand caressed my balls, still lower as you took me deep inside your mouth, my hand reached for your pussy, you turned yourself to my face, your beautifully wet, swollen labia inches from my face.

I took in the beauty of your sex before softly smothering you with my lips and feasting there with my tongue, pulling your hips towards me as you gorged on my cock...my tongue found your clitoris, I circled it and stiffly rushed from side to side before sucking it’s head between my lips, I drowned again in your taste and wished I could be there forever as I felt my balls tighten and the irreversible process of explosion began...my face fell away from your pussy as your mouth moved with my spasms, you slipped along my length, wrapped your hand around the base of my shaft and encouraged every drop of me into your delicious mouth.

You drank me and stayed there, more slowly now until softness approached and my body loosened beneath you...you turned to me, you lay on me, we kissed so deeply, my arms engulfed you, I knew again that we would always be together, I knew we didn’t need anybody else...within a few seconds we were motionless...then there was a tap at the patio door...we looked around together...Erica and Ben were standing there, their hands coming together in silent mock applause...”How long have you two been there” I asked...”Ohhhh about 45 minutes I guess” said Ben very casually...you buried your face between my shoulder and neck as we both began to chuckle...this time the fantasy came true without us even knowing... It was no surprise to either of us that our lovemaking had been so perfect. 

They were going off on an excursion that departed in five minutes, we had no chance of making the boat so we agreed to see them for dinner as originally planned, choosing to spend a relaxing day together on the beach and splashing around in the water...we’d come here to be alone anyway so we really didn’t have any great need for constant companions, no matter how good their company. They probably felt the same way but that said, we both knew that we wanted their account of what they’d seen at breakfast time and we looked forward to asking them later that evening. 

For now though a nap in the sun seemed like the best idea on earth and we caught up on about two hours of sleep before donning your wrap and my T shirt and heading to a café for a light lunch. Towards the end of lunch you announced that you had some shopping plans and made me promise not to look in the bags that you might bring back an hour or so later. I settled back down on the beach and read until you returned with a couple of bags from the boutique...I asked if your excursion was a successful one...”Totally” you replied as you leaned over to kiss me. We took out a wave runner later in the afternoon and in between other dips in the water we chatted about life, the future, love and everything that might mean anything to you and I. We’d come along way, I was so happy that we had and knew so well that you felt this way too. 

We took our time dressing for dinner, at my request you agreed to go without panties on the condition that I’d wear them instead of you...you knew I’d agree and you handed me a thong with just enough front to cover me in the absence of any excitement...it felt good against my ass, tight around my balls and the soft satin felt good against the folds between my upper thighs and torso, you laughed lightly at the embarrassment I knew I could only share with you and I loved you for that. 

We decided to be late for dinner and after walking hand in hand across the lawns we stopped at one of the bars for a glass of champagne. We were all smiles, so in love, these were the best feelings I’d ever known. I had loved every minute of us being alone, we spoke about the impossibilities of capturing vacation bliss back in the real world but vowed to make every effort to get as close as possible to it and more importantly we devised a vacation plan that would give us at least three separate weeks in the sun each year. There was certainly a new level of understanding between us, maybe it came from just seeing and being together away from the pressures of life at home, seeing each other relaxed, enjoying each other this way, I commented that I hadn’t worn my watch for two days and had no intention of doing so for the next twelve. It was enough to check it sometime around meal times to confirm that we really should be feeling hungry!

Finally we arrived at the restaurant, Ben and Erica stood at their table across the room, all smiles and waves as they attracted our attention. We ambled over to them, you and Erica embraced each other’s men and each other, Ben and I shook hands and embraced each other’s wives. 

We sat down and began to ask about each other’s days. Their excursion had been interesting enough but uneventful. They’d visited some ruins on a small island and lunched on the beach there before doing a spot of snorkeling on the reef, we agreed that maybe we should try that trip in a few days time. After a large amount of friendly small talk, the conversation eventually came around to the show they’d seen this morning. They described it to us in every glorious detail and described every wonderful thought it had provoked as we held hands tightly under the table. I was getting excited listening to their re-enactment and figured that everybody else probably was too. Finally they concluded that they’d discussed it at length during the day and really liked the idea of us watching them as they had done us. 

We said that it might be difficult to achieve the same element of surprise unless they were planning on making love 24 / 7 for the next ten days or so. We all laughed and finally agreed that as we had done the first time, they would probably get so lost in their lovemaking that they’d forget about us being there. After dinner, we bought champagne and went back to their chalet, it was almost identical to ours except for the decorations and pictures. We were all very relaxed again, Ben got glasses for us all as I opened the champagne, we toasted each other and sat back on opposite sofas...I think it was Erica that first suggested Truth or Dare, all I remember is being intrigued at the possibilities that might present and looking at you to make sure you were ok with the idea, we settled into the game. 

The first question was from Erica to me.. Truth...she asked me to describe my first experience with a man...I told them that there was no need for me to do that as they were all there...she and Ben seemed shocked but I got out of the question, it was my turn to ask her...Truth...I asked her to tell us about her first experience with a girl...she did so in great detail, it was her college room mate...most of the students had left campus for a long weekend, they’d been out to eat, taken in a movie, a foreign film that included a lesbian scene, it had turned them both on and eventually opened their discussion and led them to share a bed that night and explore each other in ways they hadn’t even imagined. 

Ben cuddled her as she told us, clearly he knew about it already and it seemed that she was recounting the memory with great fondness. You listened as keenly and attentively to her tale as I did, I noticed your knees part slightly and I felt you taking deeper breaths as she reached the climax of her story. There was a pause when she finished, a lull in conversation until Erica broke the silence by asking who needed a refill and proceeding to recharge our flutes. 

Next it was Ben’s turn to ask you...”Dare”...you announced...

Ben’s eyes looked at you intently...”I dare you to cross the room, straddle Erica’s lap and kiss her, just like you imagine it was in her story”...you looked at me, stood and did as Ben had dared you...you shared a long, passionate but tender kiss with Erica before lifting yourself from her, your fingers stroked her cheek as you turned and walked back to our sofa, you licked your lips as you lowered your face to mine and kissed me deeply, my arms came around you as we kissed, you settled down beside me, closer now, my arm around your shoulder. It was your turn to ask Ben...

”Dare” he replied...”I dare you to take out your penis, dip it in your champagne and walk over to our sofa and stand in front of my man here, it’s then up to him what he does with it but if he does anything with it, you are not allowed to stay there for more than 10 seconds”...He did as you asked, he stood before me but not looking, his shaft was semi hard but pointing down before my eyes, I leaned forward, took it in my mouth and sucked on the soft, cold, champagne coated shaft, I felt it hardening in my mouth, it was almost rigid as you announced “that’s ten”...

I withdrew as he did, he took his place and looked back at us, Erica snuggled up to him. It was now Ben’s turn to ask me...

”Dare” I announced...

”I dare you to go down on Erica...maximum of one minute and only with Miss Sexy’s approval”...

We all looked at you, you looked at me, squeezed my hand and nodded a slow approval...Erica shifted on their sofa as I crossed the room...I went straight between her legs, she was already very wet and she tasted deliciously clean and fresh, I buried my tongue there and ate her pussy, incredibly turned on by the fact that you were watching me do this, as she squealed soft whimpers I realized what I would do when I came back to our sofa, Ben tapped my shoulder and I left her with one last long slow lick before rising and returning to you, you had had the same thought as me and your mouth was open as I came to kiss you, we shared her taste hungrily. 

It was my turn to ask Ben...”Truth” he said...

”OK Ben, tell us all the most erotic fantasy you have and tell us if you would like it to come true or stay in your fantasy”...

Ben exhaled, thought for a while and then began...”I have this fantasy about being totally restrained and controlled sensually and seductively, of having every part of me caressed and cared for in the most sexual but non violent tender ways, I see three people at least to do this and yes, right now, in this company, I really would like it to become a reality” even Erica seemed a little taken a back but it had only made her smile wider and she leaned in to Ben and gave him a long kiss of reassurance. 

It was now Erica’s turn to ask you..

”Dare” you requested...

Erica retreated to the bedroom and returned with a vibrator...she passed it to you and asked “masturbate for us”...you looked at me, I raised my eyebrows as I smiled, you moved to the end of our sofa and leaned back with your dress hiked over your hips, you took a sip of champagne and then laid back your head, eyes closed, legs wide, your beautiful sex exposed to all of us in the soft half light, the slow buzz of the vibrator filled the room as you worked it over your pussy and clitoris. 

It was an incredibly sexy performance, your free hand intermittently opened yourself and occasionally caressed your breasts...your expression told me how far away you were. After about five minutes you stopped, lifted your head and lowered your legs, we all smiled at you as you smiled at us, I leaned towards you and kissed you “that was beautiful” I whispered, you smiled again...

”My turn for you Erica?” You asked...

”Yes” came the reply “and I’d like a dare too”...you grinned as you handed her the vibrator...

”If Ben will let you, I dare you to work this all over his ass”...she looked at Ben, who didn’t answer verbally but he began to undo his belt and trousers, eventually slipping them off with his shorts. He laid back as Erica went to work, first using it all over his balls and dick until he was rock hard and then slipping it down towards his ass, circling it there, pressing it ever so slightly against him...Ben was in ecstasy, her hand wrapped around his shaft, as she worked the vibrator against his ass she began to stroke him...only when it seemed that he was about to come did she remove the vibrator and suspend her stroking...she leaned forward and planted one soft kiss on the tip of his swollen cock before leaning away from him to continue the game. 

It was now Ben’s turn to ask Erica...”Dare again please” she stated as if she would relish whatever challenge that Ben might throw her way...”OK” said Ben, “this might be a bit complicated but it’s only your dare if everybody agrees to it"

"OK” she replied...Ben began...” I dare you to go to the bedroom where I will tie you to the bed, we will then all have the opportunity of staying here or going there and doing to you whatever we may wish under the one condition that we will each try to ensure that you enjoy whatever it might be”

They stood and left for the bedroom, Erica glanced back at us as Ben led her by the hand, we smiled at her and at each other as they left. We knew that we would join them there, we knew something like this would happen, we were comfortable with it, excited by it, we began a long passionate kiss, both mindful not to take things too far...the call “ready” came from the bedroom, we stood to join our friends...we could see the knots and the extremities of Erica’s limbs and we could make out her shape, covered only by a crisp white cotton sheet. 

Ben was whispering something to her, his hands under the sheet. The light was soft, we held hands as we approached them, Ben reached out his hand to you, you took it and followed it to Erica’s side, I didn’t want to move too much, not unless I knew you wanted me to...since this was Ben’s dare I figured that he wanted me to...I suggested that we all undress and Erica agreed that would be a very good start! We did, slowly, eyes glancing between each other and Erica, she asked that somebody please remove the sheet, she wanted to be exposed to us as we were to her.

Ben pulled back the sheet slowly...first exposing her shoulders, then her breasts, tummy, hips, pubic mound and the soft wisp of hair there, then over her thighs, her labia came into view, over her knees, shins and finally off her feet...Ben then wanted to suggest some rules...”We each do what Erica requests...if anybody objects then we don’t do it.. All agreed” I think we all nodded in his direction...”Erica...it’s up to you now” said Ben...she began softly, seemingly on the verge of embarrassment but too turned on for that to be true...”I want Mara to go down on me please”...

She looked right at you, you glanced at us...no objections, not even from you...your arms reached out, your palms flattened against her thighs and smoothed their way to her hips, your face followed them...the erotic vision of your kissing her there completed the erection that Ben and I had each begun, intermittently you brushed the hair from your cheek...the soft slow beginnings became more hungry as she became more lost in the sensations you gave her, the minutes past by and your kisses became more ravenous, your tongue probed deeper, her head rolled and her body strained...
