 It was the fourth day that you had been away, maybe more relevant ...the fourth night, I’d drifted to sleep thinking about you, thinking about the night before you’d left and every beautiful moment that we’d shared.

It was an amazingly light feeling I had when I woke up the next morning to the telephone ringing and you on the other end of the line. I’ll try to fill in what happened in between. Every bit of me knows it was a dream but amazingly every detail remains so vivid, shockingly vivid, beautifully and erotically vivid.

It began in the hotel bar, we had tall stools at the bar, you looked tanned, radiant, I felt good, healthy, happy. You were dressed in a yellow cotton sundress, it fell to mid thigh, bare shoulders arms and legs, your hair up. You flashed your smile as we laughed and joked, touched hands, occasionally we kissed, as always you were the most beautiful woman in the place and undoubtedly admiring glances from patrons male and female bathed your skin. The bar filled steadily after about 9 p.m., as other vacationers came in from their days on the beach and their dinners at any of the many local restaurants. 

There was a club in the penthouse that we intended to visit, maybe a dance or two would follow. We began chatting with another couple, then another and various singles as they came and went. At one point you reminded me that we had an unfinished game of truth or dare and that it was your turn to ask me! I acknowledged the accuracy of this statement. You did ask me...I replied "dare". You smiled at me as I asked what you had in mind without really expecting you to reveal all. You told me that you had many, many things in mind but that you were planning on taking your time in deciding, that you thought maybe the moment would present itself and the moment would help decide what the "dare" might be.

Appropriately enough, Ben and Erica walked in at that moment. They had mentioned that they might grab an early night but if they had chance to nap in the afternoon, they’d be delighted to join us in the evening. They joined us at the bar, we all exchanged greetings and began to recount our respective reports of the days activities. They were crisply dressed as usual, appearing very much in love. I gave up my stool and Erica hopped upon it, her thighs flashing as she did, we all noticed, she looked down and back up and gave us and Ben a smile, she looked directly at you and mouthed the words "no panties"...

You smiled back "me too". She complimented you on your dress, you did the same to her as I asked what everybody would like to drink and I caught the bartender’s eye and began to order. You proceeded to remind them, very quietly, of where we were up to in the game and this caused much speculation as to what you might ask my dare to be...ranging from the erotic to the ridiculous, all suggestions brought predictably uproarious laughter or silently raised eyebrows with quiet reflection. It must have seemed to those around us that we were all the oldest of friends, nobody would have believed we’d all only met two days ago.

The bartender thanked us profusely for a large tip, we told him how welcome he was and he promised to "look after" us all, this caused much titillation amidst the other jokes and innuendo we were all sharing and caused a small frown of wonderment to cross his face. You looked at me and asked in a way that only the others could hear "would you like to be looked after by the bar tender"

"might this be an idea for the dare my darling" I asked you..."well maybe you’d like to be dared to look after him?" you replied..."and maybe you’d like to help me look after him" I suggestively replied...you looked back at the bartender then back at me..."maybe I would if you like the idea" you answered before draining your cocktail and turning back to the bar seeking some more service. 

Ben and Erica smiled at each of us, Ben put his hand on my shoulder and whispered "this could be an interesting night"...your hand reached behind you and grabbed me softly through my slacks, just enough to cause a stir, I put my hands on your shoulders, gently massaged your neck for a few seconds and bent to kiss you there, knowing that you’d enjoy a few brief tingly moments...the bar tender served us all again "this one’s on me" he announced, we thanked him and he became briefly involved in our conversation, just long enough for him to know that we were going dancing in the penthouse later. He told us how nice it was up there before leaving to attend to the needs of other customers. He kept looking back our way and asked each time he passed if we needed anything. We let him know each time that we did and continued to tip him handsomely.

Within an hour or so we were on our way up to the penthouse, I got you in the corner of the elevator and semi molested you, you responded by wrapping a bare leg around me and pulling me tightly towards you, my hand slipped between your legs as a powerful and wet kiss enhanced our connection and caused a major stir in my slacks. As the elevator light indicated PH, a solitary wet finger withdrew from your pussy and entered my mouth for Erica and Ben to witness just beyond their own engrossment with one another. Erica winked at us and Ben smiled. You took my hand and in we walked. The hostess showed us to a table in a raised area of the room, overlooking the dance floor. We ordered champagne and began to toast one another with the first one as the hostess showed up with a second ice bucket and another bottle of Dom Perignon..."Rob from the Terrace Bar asked for us to deliver this to your table"... A nice gesture, no doubt we’ll be bumping in to him later.

Ben asked you to dance, and you accepted his invitation. You set the dance floor alight for a few minutes before glancing back to the table and gesturing for Erica and I to join you, it seemed like the club was filling up nicely and the volume of the music was increasing as we reached you on the dance floor. We stayed up there for a while, changing partners, dancing, playing, fooling around a bit with a general air of euphoria and optimistic abandon for the possibilities ahead.

Finally back at our table, more toasts and laughter, we huddled together and shared thoughts of last night. Of course we all agreed that it had been enjoyable, risqué and exciting but as I knew for myself how much I had enjoyed it and how ready I was to go further right now, I knew that the conversation would not be filled with so many smiles were we all not thinking along the same lines. I knew which fantasy I most wanted to fill and I knew you liked the idea too. I struggled with the thought that it was my fantasy and what I really didn’t know was what your biggest fantasy was. The idea of us sharing another man’s cock was one thing, I thought about the act of sucking it, how it would feel, how I would touch it, kiss it, suck it and eventually cope with his orgasm, how I might swallow and which of all these we might share...and how? 

But what could be your excitement or fantasy fulfillment in all of this? I knew how we had spoken about another man being with us, being inside you simultaneously with me, or even two other men, how that would feel, how exciting it was to imagine all those possibilities as we made love but how different might reality be? I knew already the erotic imagining of seeing you with another woman and with Erica you had fulfilled every perfect vision of this...I let go of the thinking as Rob approached the table. He joined us and comfortably slotted into the conversation, we thanked him profusely for the champagne and procured a fifth glass in order that he could share with us... You and Erica probed him with questions about the resort and all the place might have to offer.

The group was clicking, Rob was fun to be with, he seemed genuinely happy to be with us all and conversation and friendliness flourished...I knew within a few minutes of him joining us that I wanted us to "have" him...I looked at you and you knew, you smiled back, I think I saw a wink, I certainly saw a smile, I caught glances from Erica and Ben and knew they were feeling similar things, thinking similar thoughts...finally I said it loud enough for everybody to hear and laugh about..."Rob...do you have any social diseases?"...the laughter continued as he immediately replied "not yet"...I added that "Ben here has gay tendencies Rob but I just want to find out if I have any"

"If you’re asking you’ve got them" came his reply as the laughter level increased. At this point you put your hand on Erica’s forearm and announced that you’d like to invite everybody to an underwear party in our room, there was nothing but wholehearted approval as you added that it would begin in 30 minutes and that you and I had to leave immediately in order to prepare. Erica jumped up and said that she’d like to help with the preparations, Rob asked what preparations were needed and volunteered free room service, Ben insisted on bringing the music and you added that boxer shorts were not allowed.

It was no time later that the "gang" was assembled and the laughter continued as each group of four ridiculed the underwear each of the men was sporting. I had on my Calvin’s, Ben was wearing a leather thong (which could have actually been Erica’s) and Rob had taken a pair of scissors to a pair of cotton boxers in order to conform to party dress regulations. This left the loosest pair of briefs imaginable and his cock flopped from side to side with each move he made. I saw it as we all did and I’m sure you liked the look of it every bit as much as it tweaked my curiosity, for sure Ben and Erica must have felt the same way and the imaginings of the possibilities for that thick pink shaft were no doubt not lost on anybody as we danced and touched, sipped champagne, kissed and hugged our way into the early hours of the morning. 

Mostly boy0girl dancing with one boy always left out until you and Erica coaxed the boys into doing a "show dance" together...Ben said that we’d need to choreograph any number we did together, you chose the song and you and Erica left us alone for five minutes. We selected white towels as our dress and we managed a few uproarious semi-coordinated steps with a reasonable degree of accuracy although for the most part the laughter over ruled the synchronization of our moves and you and Erica rolled together in hearty laughter as the show evolved...there were plenty moments of flashing, gyrating and exposure...the grand finale had Ben on hands and knees with his tongue poking up towards my cock and Rob behind him with a semi erect cock resting against Ben’s lower back ...

The three towels were tossed simultaneously in your direction. Applause followed for us from you and Erica and the boys high fived each other before retreating to retrieve our underwear ... You and Erica almost leapt off the sofa together and refused us the possibility of getting clothed even in the most scanty manner. We collapsed on the sofa opposite you two, grabbed our drinks and leaned back in the afterglow of our first live show...

You two still smiling with the enjoyment of it all..."can I offer my dare now?" you asked..."sure you can I replied" as I realized that this might get serious any second..."I dare you to take Rob and Ben in your mouth...at the same time"...I looked at you for what seemed like a long time, then I looked at them, each of them raised their eyebrows, no objections, just a willingness to try...

"ok" I stammered...I sat on the edge of the sofa, they stood on either side of me so that Erica and you could see every detail...I took each of them in my hand, limp, and flaccid cocks soon grew in my hands, my fingers circled their shafts as I felt each of them grow hard and more erect...Rob’s felt bigger in my hand...I glanced from one to the other before moving my face towards Ben’s cock...his foreskin was pulled back in my hand, the head of his cock exposed...

My tongue grazed his slit for a brief moment, depositing the merest hint of saliva before I turned my attention to Rob’s cock and did the same thing...I pulled them together, so close to my face, so close to my mouth, so close to each other...I flattened my tongue against my lower lip and licked the underside of each as the tips of their cocks touched...I held Rob at the edge of my mouth as I took Ben inside it...I circled the head of his cock with my tongue, probed his slit and sucked him a little deeper before withdrawing in a long slow suck and repeating the process for Rob...I felt Rob reach out his arms and place them on Ben’s shoulders...

I sensed Ben doing the same...I concentrated on Rob a little longer, sucking his cock inside my mouth and really pulling with hollow cheeks as I coated him with my saliva and took him to the back of my mouth, I didn’t want to gag but I wanted to suck this cock hard and as I did I stroked the length of Ben’s shaft so fully aware that he was watching Rob slide in and out of my mouth...I wanted to see you and as I switched back to Ben I stole a glance your way...in that moment I saw you and Erica with your arms around each other’s shoulder and each taking care of your own soft masturbation with such intense expressions on your faces, I saw your full and swollen lips as your finger circled and rubbed your clitoris...

I knew with that glance that you liked what you saw and I continued with greater gusto, feeling more confident with each sloppy wet suck now...I took each of them deeper and continued to masturbate the one that wasn’t inside my mouth, they were both like rocks ...my own erection was raging but it didn’t need to be touched right now...Ben’s cock reached my throat, there was no reflex to gag and I felt the hairs around the base of his shaft touch the underside of my nose as his shaft reached the back of my throat...I wondered briefly if I could do this but knew with the next stroke that I could...I continued to masturbate Rob but I couldn’t release Ben’s cock from my mouth now and as I felt him convulse inside me I increased the pace...

Within three seconds he exploded in my mouth...some I know went straight down my throat, other drops coated my mouth and tongue...only as I felt him subside did I switch back to Rob who was ready to explode...I continued to stroke Ben as I looked up at Rob and I took his cock in my mouth, I saw his glazed expression...he was finished within a minute or so...his cum was sweeter than Ben’s and there was a lot more of it, my mouth felt full when I swallowed and still it kept coming...I sensed he was slowing but with each stroke still more came out and my mouth was almost full again before his cock was ready to drop from my lips...

I sucked the head one more time and slid my tongue across his slit as it fell away...I looked at you...you raised your eyes...I crossed the room to you...your head went back as your mouth opened and we kissed very deeply...we shared the cum as your hand reached down to my balls...and as mine glided across your right breast and down to your clitoris, a soft finger dipping into your wetness "did you enjoy that dare" I asked...an almost silent "yessss" escaped your lips...

Erica moved a few inches away from us, a better angle to watch, to reach, to touch...Ben and Rob walked our way, Ben sat on the coffee table as Rob stood and watched us from a couple of feet to one side, he had begun to stroke himself...again in a whisper "do you want us all?"...

The same "yessss" caressed my ears..."then take us, we might never be here again"...your eyes closed as you sighed and melted into the sofa...in the hours that followed I think every combination of bodies became entwined, we all kissed, sucked, fucked and dripped from every orifice...my mind spun as I imagined being the outsider, seeing, witnessing this and for the most incredibly, sexually erotic, beautifully, intimate few minutes I could ever imagine, you were penetrated by three men, your orgasms were multiple ...your shrieks and screams were so passion and pleasure filled...

I felt Rob’s cock slide in and out of your pussy as mine penetrated your anus, I felt how hard he was, how full you were...I saw your mouth engulf Ben’s cock...I saw your lips stretched around his shaft as your hand grappled with his balls and a finger penetrated his ass just making him thrust harder towards and beyond your tonsils...I saw Erica’s fingers spread the upper lips of your pussy as her tongue and lips circled and sucked on your clitoris and after exhaustion left us all I felt you behind me as I played the dog in a doggie style spanking that had you slap me, kiss me, suck me there, penetrate me and then offer my ass to Ben with a whisper in my ear "relax my love, let it happen"...

I did and it did...you slid beneath me and sucked and caressed me as Ben fucked my virgin ass...Erica laid herself before my face and I lapped hungrily on her pussy in the most hearty but distracted manner as Rob came alongside us and slipped easily in to your pussy, dwelling in the wetness there...I felt his fingers reach up to Erica’s pussy and slide beneath my chin as I sucked on her clit...we probably all felt Ben’s orgasm, I was glad it was coming but the final ejaculation shook us all, his balls that were slapping against my ass now tightened and the sound and sensation of his slapping disappeared... 

His orgasm wasn’t painful but as he removed his swollen cock from my ass I felt a searing pain like I haven’t known before...as he came he seemed to grab and scratch my rib cage, my head spun again, your mouth was bringing me so deliciously close to orgasm, Erica’s pussy was filling my mouth and her aroma was filling my nostrils...as Ben left my ass I felt a relief and a concentration on your oral administrations of me and mine towards Erica took over... 

I glanced slightly to my left and behind me to see Rob’s cock withdraw from between your raised hips only to be replaced almost immediately by first two of Ben’s fingers and then three...he offered slow yet strong rigid strokes...somehow I knew what was about to happen and I felt Rob behind me...I felt him point the head of his cock there...I felt him slowly work it in to me, it went in easily, coated with all the delicious juices from your pussy that had coated his shaft just moments earlier...

I knew then that I’d prefer to be sucking him first so that I could taste you, I wanted to kiss you there but I waited and felt him slide in to me...only a small shock this time and his rhythm was nice...this time I felt it more...I moved back against him...I wanted to receive him...wanted to feel him...I wanted my ass to be fucked and I wanted him to feel him come inside of me in ways that I hadn’t or couldn’t experience when Ben was doing this to me just minutes ago...

Ben moved behind Erica and cradled her head in his lap, by now he was spent but still full of enjoyment but now more tender as he caressed her...I was getting lost in the feelings that Rob was bringing, my head lifted away from Erica...I needed to breathe to feel this, to enjoy this...to feel him fill me...you stroked me as you slid beneath me and twisted to position your face between Erica’s thighs...she was surely dripping with cum and you feasted on her there...

It was a beautiful sight to behold, you spread her lips, caressed her with your finger tips, tongue and lips, you sucked, swooned and stroked her before she let out a long, soft shriek and shuddered in orgasm beneath your face...without penal stimulation but with the magnificent feelings that Rob’s cock was giving me, I shot my load on the back of your thighs just moments before Rob came deep inside my ass...it took maybe twelve strokes for him to finish and collapse against my back...we were in a spent heap...gasping, sweating, wet, exhausted but enlightened and filled with this experience...looking forward to some sleep...and just maybe to what tomorrow might bring...
