 Friday evening, Ben and Gabrielle sat at the kitchen table, waiting for their guest to arrive. They tried to remain patient as the seconds slowly ticked by.

Gaby wore a pink halter top, a short, black denim skirt, and black, calf-high leather boots. Ben wore blue jeans, a t-shirt, and socks. Gaby had decided against wearing a bra -- one less thing to take off later, she reasoned -- and Ben could see her already erect nipples pushing against the fabric of her top.

At 7:27, they heard Mrs. Moynahan's door close. Five minutes later, they heard it close a second time, followed quickly by a trio of soft knocks on their door.

Gaby calmly stood up and went to answer it. Ben heard her invite Dylan into the kitchen.

Dylan walked in and Ben rose to greet him. He wore a tan polo shirt, khaki slacks, and loafers. In his socks, Ben stood two full inches taller than Dylan did with shoes on. And, while Dylan wasn't small, Ben's frame significantly exceeded his.

Dylan involuntarily took half a step backward as Ben reached out to shake his hand.

"Don't worry, Kid, I'm not gonna hurt you," Ben assured him.

Dylan's body language told both Ben and Gaby he wasn't 100 percent sure about that.

"Dylan's transferring to Harvard next year," Gaby said, attempting to lighten the mood.

"I hope to," Dylan corrected.

"Hahvahd," Ben said, affecting an exaggerated Boston accent. "Ahe you one of those wicked smaht kids?"

"A little bit, I guess," Dylan shrugged.

"What are you doing until then?" Ben asked.

"Going to CU," Dylan answered.

"Oh," Ben said, in an exaggerated fashion, while looking at Gaby, "good old CU."

Gaby gave him an awkward smile.

"Why don't you have a seat in the living room," Ben said, to Dylan. "I need to speak with Gaby for a moment."

As Dylan moved down the hallway, Ben crooked his finger at Gaby.

"Come here," he whispered.

She moved close to him.

"So, on top of being Mrs. M's grandson," Ben said, quietly, "he's going to be a student where you teach."

"Yes," Gaby acknowledged.

"This doesn't seem like a problem to you?" Ben asked.

"Brit's a CU student, and we played with her," Gaby said.

"She's 21," Ben countered. "And, she doesn't live next door."

"Are you backing out?" Gaby asked.

"No," he said, quickly. "If you want to do it, I'll do it. But, you need to consider the risks. I mean, there's dangerous, and then there's crazy dangerous."

"The university's policy doesn't forbid dating students, as long as they aren't taking our class," Gaby told him. "They consider us all adults."

"And, what happens if he runs around campus telling everyone about how he nailed a professor?" Ben asked.

"Then, I'll get hit on by a few more of my male students," she said, with a grin.

"I'm not joking," Ben said.

"I know, Babe," she said, seriously. "You don't have to worry. When I spoke to him, I was very clear about the need for discretion."

Ben looked doubtful.

"Trust me," Gaby said.

"OK," Ben said. "It's your call."

She looked into his eyes for a few moments.

"Come on," she said, finally. "Let's do it."

He followed her out of the kitchen.

"Is everything OK?" Dylan asked, as the two entered the living room.

"Yes," Gaby told him. "We're ready to go."

"Why don't you sit in your chair, Ben?" Gaby suggested.

He moved to an oversized red upholstery chair and sat down. Until the previous week, the red chair -- recently re-christened 'The Ben Chair' -- had resided in Gaby's favorite coffee house. When a large national coffee chain bought the location to further its quest for global domination, the previous owner sold the eclectic collection of furniture the shop had accumulated over the years. The chair had been Gaby's favorite -- for a number of reasons -- and the owner practically gave it to her.

After having it cleaned, she presented it to Ben. The gift was immediately followed by a different kind of christening.

Gaby led Dylan to the couch and gestured for him to sit at the end nearest Ben.

She moved across the room to the entertainment center and loaded a CD in the player.

As Aerosmith's "Sweet Emotion" drifted from the speakers, she returned to the couch. Standing in front of Dylan, she began rocking her hips from side to side. She crouched slightly, placing her hands on her knees, then slowly moved them upward as she straightened her body. She let her hands slide between her legs, up over her stomach, and across her breasts, before raising them above her head.

"I love this song," she said, spinning slowly to let Dylan watch her ass move.

Ben glanced at Dylan. His eyes were locked on Gaby's perfect butt.

Gaby danced seductively for another minute, then returned her hands to her waist. She took hold of the bottom of her shirt and quickly stripped it off, tossing it on the coffee table.

She covered her bare breasts with her hands, twisted around, and moved closer to Dylan. She spread her fingers, giving him a peek of her dark nipples. He licked his lips.

Gaby turned her back to him and sat down in his lap. He was unsure what to do. Initially, he reached up to touch Gaby, but then looked at Ben and dropped his hands.

Gaby laughed. As she gyrated her hips, she reached back, took hold of his hands, and guided them to her breasts.

"Here, Sweetie," she said, "you can squeeze them a little."

Dylan moaned.

"Are you OK?" she asked.

"Y...yes," he croaked.

Gaby smiled at Ben.

She slipped off Dylan's lap and stood up. Moving to the center of the room, she put her hands under her skirt and pulled her pink lace thong down to her thighs. She looked back at Dylan over her right shoulder -- he now sat on the very edge of the couch.

Gaby bent at the waist, pulling the panties downward as she did so. As she manipulated the underwear past the boots, her skirt allowed the men a painfully fleeting glimpse of her pussy.

She stood up and spun quickly. She looked at Ben and Dylan with feigned shock -- as if she'd caught them peeking up her skirt.

She took the thong in her hands, and stretched it like a slingshot. Aiming it at Ben, she let it go. The lace flew several feet and Ben caught it. Gaby held out both hands, giving each of the men a "come here" sign with her fingers.

As they stood, she stopped dancing and walked into the hallway leading toward the bedroom. The men followed -- Ben let Dylan take the lead. Gaby spun a few times, allowing additional views of her breasts.

Reaching the bedroom, Gaby unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor.

"You boys have too many clothes on," she said, turning toward them as she stepped out of the skirt.

She stood before them naked, except for her boots. Ben began undressing slowly. Dylan seemed hesitant.

"Come here, Dylan," Gaby said, as she sat down on the edge of the bed.

Dylan moved to stand in front of her. Gaby put her hands on his stomach and pulled at his shirt.

"Take this off," she ordered.

He stripped off the shirt and dropped it beside the bed.

Gaby ran her hands up his flat belly to his smooth chest.

"Mmmm," she said, quietly. "I like that."

Ben, now stripped to his boxer-briefs, pulled a chair to the side of the bed and sat down. He twisted around to open a drawer in the nightstand. He grabbed a small box, turned, and poured a dozen assorted condoms onto the bed, next to Gaby.

Gaby deftly unbuckled Dylan's belt as he toed off his shoes. She unsnapped his pants, then slowly unzipped them, letting her knuckles brush against the bulge barely contained within.

Dylan looked down at her as she spread the flaps. Gaby's eyes met his. He pushed the pants over his hips and let them fall to his ankles.

As Dylan stepped out of his pants, Gaby looked at Ben.

"Are you OK, Baby?" she asked.

He nodded.

Dylan took off his socks and stood up, now wearing nothing but his Fruit of the Loom tighty-whiteys. Gaby could see he was fully erect -- the head of his cock threatened to poke out the top of his underwear.

She leaned forward to kiss his abdomen. He moaned as she cupped his balls with her right hand.

With her left hand, she reached out to touch Ben's knee.

"Let's go boys," she said, tugging at Dylan's underwear, "you're still overdressed for this party."

Ben stood up, pushing his boxers to his ankles before straightening his body. He took a step closer to Gaby, grabbed her short hair, and pulled her head back. He leaned over to kiss her neck, running his tongue across her jugular before releasing her.

Gaby looked at Dylan, his erect cock pointed at her.

"Come here," she said, pulling him to her.

She picked up an un-lubricated condom. She tore open the foil packet and carefully rolled the latex along Dylan's shaft.

Ben stood at the side of the bed, slightly to Gaby's left. He also selected a condom without lube, and quickly put it on.

Gaby ran her tongue down the length of Dylan's cock. The sensation sent a shiver through Dylan's body. She then took the head into her warm mouth, wrapping her lips around him and flicking the tip with her tongue. His body stiffened and he let out a long moan.

With her left hand, she reached up to stroke Ben's shaft. With her right, she gripped Dylan's.

Taking her mouth off Dylan, she looked up at the two men as she jerked them hard and fast.

She caught Dylan taking a furtive glance at Ben's cock as she worked it with her left hand.

Men, she thought.

Gaby could tell by his face Dylan couldn't last much longer. She loosened her grip on him, and slowed her stroking.

Leaning to her left, she took Ben's cock in her mouth. She took him deep, letting the head slip into her throat. He grunted, not expecting her to deep throat him so quickly. He clutched at her shoulder, trying to steady himself.

As he fought to control himself, she was gone. Gaby moved her mouth back to Dylan, taking his entire length.

"Shit," he cried out, as her lips reached his pubic hair.

She held him there for several seconds. His legs began to quiver.

Gaby switched back to Ben, moving her left hand between his legs. She grabbed his ass and pulled him toward her.

She could feel Dylan swelling in her right hand. She again took her mouth off Ben.

"Don't hold back, Dylan," she said, before taking him into her mouth.

Gaby took Dylan's left hand and guided it to the back of her head. She tried to look up at his face as his body bucked against hers. She could feel his cum filling the condom.

He held her head tightly, and she moved both hands to his waist as she drained him.

"Oh, Jesus," he said, releasing his grip as he finished.

She pulled back slowly, finally letting him slip from her lips.

"Good job," she said, looking at the cum-filled condom covering Dylan's quickly shrinking cock.

He tried to smile at her.

As Gaby again turned her attention to Ben, Dylan sat down in the chair Ben had earlier placed beside the bed. He carefully slipped off the condom.

Gaby wasted no time taking Ben deep in her throat.

He moaned loudly, and she felt tingles of pleasure race through her. Ben knew she often came while giving him head, so he tried to be as vocal as possible when she did it.

"Yesss, Baby," he hissed. "Suck that dick."

Gaby moved both hands to Ben's shaft, while keeping her mouth wrapped around the head of his cock. As she sucked, she used long, rough strokes to milk him.

She felt his body tense.

"Mmmm, hmmm," she moaned around his cock.

He gasped for breath.

"Gaby...," he croaked, as his body began to shudder.

The tingle between Gaby's legs became an ache. She tried to squeeze her legs together to control the pleasurable pain she was enduring.

She moved her hands to Ben's ass to hold him to her as she took his length into her throat one more time.

He gripped the hot skin of her shoulders as he exploded.

Ben groaned loudly as he fired his cum into the condom.

Gaby came as he did. Her body quivered as she fought to remain in front of him. Her throat clutched at the head of Ben's cock, and she felt the tension drain out of his muscles as he came.

"Lie down, Baby," Gaby said, removing her mouth from his wilting manhood.

She pulled him to the bed, turning him so he could sit with his back against the headboard. He put his right arm around her.

"You came too, didn't you?" he asked, as his breathing slowed.

Her smile answered his question.

She waited as he removed the now loose condom, then wiggled into his lap and turned over so her back rested against his chest.

"Come here, Dylan," she ordered, as she spread her legs.

He crawled onto the bed. Gaby placed her right hand between her legs and spread her pussy.

"This is for you," she told him.

Tentatively, he moved his face upward.

Ben took hold of Gaby's wrists and pulled them to her chest, pinning them there as Dylan's tongue found her clit. Her body jerked against Ben's.

"That's it," she cooed. "Now, up and down."

As Dylan followed her instructions, moving his mouth lower to brush her wet lips, she tried to wrest free of Ben's grasp.

Her fiancé held her tightly, momentarily looking down the length of her body to watch Dylan's head move between her legs. He couldn't deny some small part of his brain was aroused by seeing another man pleasure Gaby. Especially, while her petite body moved on top of his.

Though he'd cum mere minutes before, his cock began to reawaken, pressing against the warm skin of her back.

Ben used his left hand to secure her arms, then slipped his right hand to her head, letting his fingers weave their way through her short hair. He tugged gently and her head fell back toward his shoulder, exposing her neck to his kiss.

Dylan returned his tongue to her button as he pushed a finger inside her.

"Yesss," she hissed.

Ben released Gaby's hands and pinched her right nipple. She grabbed his hand with her left, but didn't try to stop him -- instead she squeezed his hand, as if she wanted more.

Gaby moved her right hand to Dylan's head. She tried to pull him into her.

He slipped a second finger into her as she moaned loudly. She struggled to drape her legs over Dylan's shoulders and began grinding herself against his face.

"Faster," she demanded.

Even with her hand on his head, Dylan struggled to keep his tongue on Gaby as she writhed under him.

Ben, his lips still nuzzling Gaby's neck, knew by the way her body reacted that Dylan had increased the speed and force of his finger fucking. She squirmed desperately, trying to push herself downward against Dylan's fingers and tongue.

Gaby's body began to shudder. She drew in a long breath and held it. She stiffened, lifting completely off the bed -- leaving her suspended in the air between Dylan's shoulders and Ben's chest.

Ben tried to wrap his arms around her, afraid she would wiggle off and fall to the floor, as the tension building like a spring being twisted to the breaking point finally released. Gaby cried out as a dynamic orgasm corkscrewed across her every nerve.

Her body convulsed wildly and she moaned in Ben's ear.

"That's it, Baby," he urged, loudly, "cum!"

She could not hear him. Her mind was awash in the madness of her orgasm. She was aware of nothing but the waves of pleasure battering her senses. The frenzy of her climax shook the entire bed.

Dylan lifted his head, trying to see her face as she came.

It took several minutes for the tide of ecstasy to recede. Her body slowly relaxed. She bowed in the middle as she languidly returned to Ben's lap, like a feather floating to the ground.

Ben ran his hands over her torso, letting his fingers loiter over her nipples. Gaby turned her head, then twisted her body so she could kiss Ben's chest.

Gaby's legs slipped off Dylan's shoulders, and he popped up to his knees.

Slowly returning to earth in a more figurative sense, Gaby turned to look at Dylan. Her eyes traveled from his face to his crotch. He was hard again.

She smiled.

"Put on a condom," Gaby said.

As he selected one -- of the lubricated variety -- from the bed, Gaby eagerly turned over onto her hands and knees.

Dylan fumbled with the package as his attention focused on Gaby's ass.

"You like that?" Gaby teased, shaking her butt from side to side while looking back over her shoulder.

"Very much," Dylan answered.

"Get that thing on," she said, nodding toward the prophylactic in his hand.

He rolled the latex down the length of his hard cock, then got on his knees behind Gaby. He inched closer.

"Are you ready?" she asked, still looking back at him.

He nodded.

Gaby reached back between her legs with her right hand. She grasped Dylan's cock and guided him to her. She let the head slide up and down her lips twice, then moved her body backward an inch, letting him slip inside her.

Both moaned as he entered her. Dylan grabbed Gaby's hips and held her tightly.

As Dylan pushed himself farther into her, Gaby looked up into Ben's eyes. She smiled at him for a moment, then dropped her head into his lap, and ran her tongue down his stiffness to his balls.

Ben adjusted himself, allowing her greater access to his scrotum. Before she could continue pleasing Ben, however, Dylan stabbed himself into her. She gasped loudly.

Again, she looked back over her shoulder at Dylan.

"Come on," she said. "Give it to me."

Dylan drove forward, burying himself inside Gaby.

"Oh, fuck," he hissed, as her wetness enveloped him.

He gave her a few more strokes as she watched his face.

"Harder, Dylan," she ordered. "Fuck me!"

He began ramming himself into her, his fingers digging into her flesh as he pulled her back onto him.

Awkwardly, Ben got to his knees in front of Gaby. He placed his right hand on top of her head, intertwined his fingers in her hair, and pulled gently, guiding her mouth to his cock.

She moaned as she took the tip between her lips.

Gaby let the momentum of each thrust Dylan made force Ben's cock into her throat, then rocked herself backward to meet the next. She fought to avoid biting Ben as Dylan crashed himself into her.

Ben looked at Dylan's face. He was obviously enjoying the sensation of being immersed in Gaby's wetness.

Taking his cock in his right hand, Ben removed it from Gaby's mouth. She tried to wrap her lips around the head again, but he leaned back enough that she couldn't reach it as Dylan held her hips.

"What's wrong?" she asked, looking up at him.

He didn't answer. Ben moved closer, letting his cock brush her lips. Again, she attempted to take him in her mouth, and he retreated.

"Give it to me," she demanded.

"Stick out your tongue," he said.

She did so.

Ben guided the tip of his cock to her tongue. She licked it hungrily. He put his left hand on her right shoulder as whimpers of pleasure began to escape Dylan's mouth.

Gaby moaned loudly, sensing Dylan was close.

Ben watched her body begin to quake. She moved her right hand to the shaft of Ben's cock, and looked up into his eyes. She had a faraway look in her eyes -- the thousand yard stare, Ben called it.

"I'm gonna cum," she managed to say between ragged breaths, telling him nothing her body hadn't already revealed to him.

"You like that young cock in you, Baby?" Ben asked her, as her body shook.

Gaby answered with a moan as Ben pushed her back toward Dylan.

"You want him to shoot it inside you?" he asked.

"Yesss..." Gaby hissed, as another orgasm washed over her.

Ben looked at Dylan. The younger man's mouth fell open and his face twisted into a strange expression.

"Here I cum," he gasped."

He held his breath for a few moments, then his entire body convulsed as he went over the edge.

Dylan leaned against Gaby, shoving himself deep inside her as their bodies trembled. Gaby bent her elbows and let her upper body collapse to the bed.
