 Ben re-entered the house and found the party still in full swing. He cut through the living room as he made his way to the kitchen. Couples -- and larger groups -- occupied many of the available seats while performing myriad sexual acts. Ben stopped for a moment to watch police officer Sharon ride her handcuffed, criminal husband, Karl, as he lay on the couch. She struck his chest several times with her fake nightstick, and both moaned loudly as she moved up and down the length of him.

A hand clapped down on Ben's right shoulder. He turned his head to see Noah standing beside him, Adrian just behind.

"We're gonna get out of here," Adrian said, his eyes tracing over Karl's body.

"You don't want to stay the night?" Ben asked. "We have plenty of room."

"We can't," Noah chimed in. "If Adrian doesn't get a full eight on his Sleep Number mattress he gets pretty crabby."

"A full eight, huh?" Ben deadpanned. "Are we talking about sleep, or something else?"

Noah gave him a wink and Ben chuckled. As he walked the two men to the front door, he remembered nights in the Army when they'd all slept on muddy ground, in the pouring rain. The three stood and talked for a few more minutes, then Ben fetched their coats, hugged both, and said goodbye.

Becoming aware of a growing thirst, Ben renewed his journey toward the kitchen, opting this time to use the hallway instead of cutting through the living room and dining room, lest he run across something else that might divert his attention. Reaching his destination, he grabbed a few ice cubes, and poured himself a glass of Coca-Cola. Gaby walked in as he set down the bottle.

"Hey, Baby," she said. "Did you and Gina have fun?"

He began to nod, but Gaby put her hands on his cheeks, then slid them together, covering his mouth.

"Give me raspberries," she said.

"What?" he asked, his voice muffled.

"Blow," she ordered.

He did so. She laughed and lowered her hands to his chest.

"Care to tell me what that was about?" he asked.

"You just motorboated Bridget," she said.

His head tilted quizzically.

"Are you crazy?" he asked, already knowing the answer.

"No," she insisted. "She just let me touch her boobs."

He didn't speak, just looked at her. She smiled and nodded her head.

"You heard me, Babe," she said. "Bridget let me hold them, and rub them, and lick them."

"Oh, my..." Ben moaned.

"Mmmm, hmmm," Gaby agreed. "They are amazing."

"I am so jealous," he said, then tried to grab her hands. "Give me those hands again."

She pulled away from him, laughing.

"Pervert," she said.

"Where are Brit and Dylan?" he asked.

"I think they're still going at it in the other room," Gaby replied.

"Why didn't you stay?" he asked.

"I was there for round one," she said. "I came a few times, then left to see what else is going on."

"Nice," Ben said, stepping closer. "Come here and I'll make you cum a few more times."

"I'll see you later, Baby," Gaby said, as she backed toward the dining room. "I have to go catch up with Whitney and Bridget."

"Tease," he said, loudly.

She stuck out her tongue and disappeared around the archway. Ben exhaled a long breath.

"I need to cool off," he said, to the otherwise empty kitchen.

Ben stepped out the back door. Looking toward the hot tub, he could see three heads projecting above the side, but in the dim light, he couldn't make out faces. His gaze was drawn upward, and he admired the stars in a cloudless sky. His mind wandered until he heard the door open again. He turned his head as Caroline walked onto the porch. The ridiculous inflatable breasts she'd arrived with had disappeared. Ben guessed her real chest measured roughly 32A.

"Hi," she said. "Mind if I join you?"

"Not at all," he said. "Having a good time?"

"A great time," she assured him. "Thank you so much for inviting me."

"You're welcome," he said.

They remained silent for a few moments.

"I heard something about you," she said, huddling close to his left side.

"Oh. What was that?" he questioned.

"That you have magic fingers," she said.

"Who told you that?" he asked.

"Catwoman," Caroline answered. "She raved about them."

"Well, I've often been told I possess a certain digital talent," he said.

"How would a girl go about finding out for herself?" she asked.

"Well, you could try asking nicely," Ben suggested.

She pulled down the zipper of her uniform and leaned against him, letting the bare skin of her chest touch his arm.

"Ben, would you please make me cum with your magic fingers?" she asked in a whisper.

He turned his head to look at her. She pulled open her uniform and his eyes traveled to her chest. Her nipples stood out in the crisp air. Ben led her to the patio table.

"Put your hands on the table," he ordered.

She complied, placing her palms on the cold wrought iron. He stood behind her, a step to the side. She looked back at him over her left shoulder. Gazing into her eyes, he reached out to slide his right hand between her thighs. His fingers touched her skin, and slowly drifted upward. Her eyes closed and her mouth fell open.

"Are you ready?" he asked.

"Yesss," she whispered.

He discovered she wore no panties, and his fingers brushed her wet lips. Her breathing quickened as he wiggled his fingers.

"You're so warm and wet," Ben said.

As he continued moving the fingers of his right hand, he fumbled with his left, trying to open the button of his jeans. He slipped the tip of his forefinger inside her and she moaned. Caroline removed her left hand from the table and reached back to squeeze his crotch. The denim he wore prevented her from getting much of a grip. Finally, he managed to get his pants open, and he pushed them down a few inches, exposing the head of his hardening cock. He guided her hand to it, and she took hold of the tip, letting her fingers run over the slit.

Ben moved his left hand to her chest. He cupped her right breast and pulled her up to a standing position, the left side of her back against his chest. She turned her head and kissed him. His hand migrated downward, tracing over the skin of her stomach until he slipped inside her dress, ultimately reaching her clit. Her body stiffened under his touch. He rubbed her bud gently, making small circles, and her hips began to shimmy in response.

Caroline moaned as Ben slid the thumb of his right hand between the cheeks of her ass. He pressed it against her hole, without penetrating her. The sensation surprised her and she rose up onto her tip-toes. He increased the speed of his exertions on her clit.

"Fuck me," she sighed. "You weren't kidding about those fingers."

Ben smiled. He varied the pattern of his kneading; changing pace, direction, and force as her body quivered. His mouth found the side of her neck as her body writhed. Her hands sought his body, her nails scratched at him, trying to find some part of him to hold. Angling his hand underneath her, he poked another finger into her cunt.

"Oh, God," she cried, her knees nearly buckling.

Caroline's moans grew louder as Ben continued his efforts. Just a minute later, her body tensed and she held her breath for several seconds, before she gasped for air, and let a long, low moan escape her throat as her body trembled. Leaning forward, she supported herself using the table. Ben adjusted his hands quickly as she moved, both to steady her, and to keep pleasuring her.

Her body did not convulse wildly, merely shaking in a manner Ben thought to be almost delicate. What Caroline's orgasm lacked in violence, it made up for in duration. It took fully five minutes before her eyes opened and her breathing slowed. He gingerly removed his fingers from her flesh.

"I need to sit down," she whispered.

Ben helped her to a nearby chez lounge and she lay back on the cold fabric of the cushion. He sat down on the edge as aftershocks of her orgasm rolled over her. The fingertips of his right hand touched her right knee. Dragging them upward slowly, he savored her warm skin.

"Are you cold?" he asked. "We could go inside."

"How 'bout the hot tub?" she asked in return.

"Everything's better when wet," he said, quoting Steve Miller.

Being so young, she missed the reference. Ben helped her stand up, then turned toward the house.

"I'll meet you there," he told her. "I have to grab something from inside."

"I have one," Caroline said.

She smiled, reached into a pocket of her dress, and pulled out a condom. Taking his hand, she led him to the tub. Ben could now identify the three people he'd noticed earlier. Julie, who'd arrived dressed as Audrey Hepburn, complete with the required elbow-length, black satin opera gloves, straddled Mike -- the Spartan. The pale skin of her 34D breasts pressed against his chest, and her long brown hair was a matted mess on her back. Sonny -- the pilot -- stood behind Julie. All three were naked, as far as Ben could tell, and they moved with each other. He could easily imagine what was happening under the water.

Ben and Caroline stripped down and climbed into the tub, taking seats across from the trio who, despite the audience, continued their carnal activities without hesitation. Waves splashed over the side of the tub and Julie grunted loudly as she rode the two men. Caroline's hand found Ben's erect cock and she stroked him slowly.

Taking the golden foil packet from Caroline, Ben tore it open and removed the lubricated condom. She let go of him as he rolled the latex down his shaft. Once it was secure, Ben pulled Caroline onto his lap. Straddling him, she kissed his lips as he guided himself to her.

"Mmmm," she moaned as he slipped inside her.

Carefully, she lowered herself onto him, working her way downward -- inch by inch -- until she enveloped his entire length. She stopped for several moments, letting herself adjust to him, and then began to slide her hips back and forth. Starting slowly, she steadily increased the speed and force of her rocking. While Ben remained still, Caroline's motion shifted more than two inches of his cock in and out of her pussy.

His left hand found her ponytail and he pulled. Her head fell back as he angled his neck to lick her left nipple. Her arms wrapped around his head and she pulled him into her. He sucked hard on her breast.

"That feels so fucking good," Caroline sighed. "Suck my titty."

Though his mouth stayed locked on her skin, he tried to mumble a response, the vibrations rumbled through her chest, increasing her pleasure. She pulled his face up to hers and kissed him. Ben grabbed her ass and yanked her toward him. He plunged deep inside her, not stopping until theirs hips collided. He repeated the action again and again as her nails dug into his shoulders.

Hearing a familiar sound, Ben broke the kiss with Caroline. Looking over her shoulder, he saw Julie's body shaking. She cried out as she came, still squeezed between Mike and Sonny. Before her orgasm ended, Sonny groaned. His fingers dug into the flesh of Julie's hips, his body tensed, and then he bucked hard as he fired his cum into her ass. Caroline tried to turn her head to observe them.

"I want to see," she said, twisting herself on Ben's lap.

He let go of Caroline and she spun around quickly. Once more, she took him inside her, and leaned against his chest as she lifted and lowered her hips, riding him. She tried to keep her eyes on the trio, but another orgasm wracked her body, and her eyes closed tightly. His hands slid around her; his left cupping her right breast, his right sinking down between her legs. He rubbed her clit roughly as tremors ran through her every nerve. Again, she came quietly, the expression of her bliss barely audible.

Ben watched as Sonny extracted himself from Julie. He carefully removed the condom he'd been wearing, and then awkwardly sat down next to Mike. Julie kissed him as she continued moving on Mike's lap. Within a minute, both Mike and Julie moaned as they came together.

The sight and sound of the simultaneous orgasms -- combined with the feeling of Caroline's cunt gripping his cock as she came yet again -- pushed Ben over the edge. He managed to warn Caroline just before he convulsed, and she felt his cock pulsate as he fired his cum into her.

"Yesss," he grunted as his strong arms crushed her thin body against him.

She clutched at his arms, trying to steady herself as he shook, even as her third orgasm in less than 30 minutes slowly subsided. As the breathing and heart rates of five people returned to normal, the only sound on the porch was the soft, steady gurgling of the water. The near silence lasted almost 10 minutes.

"This party's kind of boring, Ben," Sonny said, finally. "Next time plan a little entertainment for your guests, OK?"

The exhausted occupants of the hot tub exploded in laughter. When it faded, Ben assured them he would try harder when he and Gaby planned their Groundhog Day party. More laughter echoed off the house. Another 10 minutes passed before the prune-skinned group exited the tub.

By the time Ben and Caroline re-entered the house, things seemed to have quieted down. Walking into the living room, Ben noticed Kate and Natalie asleep on the couch. Dylan and Brit were curled up -- still awake -- in The Ben Chair. They smiled and waved at Ben. He asked if they'd seen Gaby lately, and they directed him toward the den. Caroline left him to find a bathroom as he went to check on Gaby. Sticking his head in the room, he saw her sandwiched between Whitney and Bridget. All three were naked; pieces of their now-discarded costumes littered the floor.

He took a few moments to revel in the sight of their bodies writhing together; a sheen of sweat covering them. Gaby's mouth locked on the right nipple of Bridget's massive breasts as she fingered the buxom redhead. Whitney kissed his fiancé's neck, while her hands traveled up and down Gaby's body. A groan escaped his throat as he took in the scene. After several minutes, Ben forced himself to leave the doorway. He crossed the living room, entered the foyer, and climbed the stairs. Halfway to the second floor he ran into two married couples -- Robert and Gloria, along with Godfrey and Maya.

"Hey, guys," he said. "Having fun?"

They all replied in the affirmative. And, after a comically conspiratorial look around, Robert revealed to Ben the four had just finished having sex in the same room.

"Oh, nice," Ben allowed. "A little swapping action?"

"No," Gloria said quickly.

Ben could swear he detected a slight blush in her cheeks. Gloria was a gorgeous, tiny, black woman. She stood a mere 5'0" tall, and her small stature almost begged men to pick her up. At least that's one of the things Ben fantasized about doing to her.

"This was our first time doing anything like this," Gloria continued, taking hold of Robert's arm.

"That's cool," Ben said. "Go at your own pace. No rush, no pressure."

They spoke for another minute before parting. Robert and Gloria left for home; God and Maya went to the kitchen for a drink. Ben continued up the stairs.

After a short shower, Ben pulled on a clean t-shirt and a pair of boxer-briefs, then crawled into bed. Propped up against the headboard, he looked at the glow-in-the-dark stars, planets, and moons stuck to the walls and ceiling. The door opened and he recognized Gaby's petite frame in the light. She was naked, and carried the various pieces of her costume.

"Hey, Baby," she said, dropping the items to the floor. "I ran into some friends."

Two more female forms stepped through the doorway. They both said hello. He recognized Andy's voice. The other, he quickly discovered, was Santana. Gaby closed the door. She removed her wig, and then helped the other two strip off what little remained of their costumes. They climbed onto the bed and took turns kissing Ben.

"Were you going to sleep?" Gaby asked.

"Not really," he said. "I was just relaxing."

"Good," Andy said, "because we still have some energy to burn off."

"What did you have in mind?" Ben asked, teasing.

The women didn't answer him, instead leaning in to enjoy a three-way kiss. Ben watched for a few moments, then joined. He tried to wrap his strong arms around the women. Andy broke the kiss, placed her hands on Ben's chest, and pushed him down on the bed. She crawled on top of him and kissed him again, her tongue dancing around his. Ben's right hand cupped Andy's ass, squeezing her left cheek. His left hand groped for Gaby. Finding her arm, he pulled her to him. She kissed his neck.

"You're wearing too much clothing, Baby," Gaby said, tugging at his t-shirt.

Several hands grabbed it and pulled, stretching the material. He heard the lightweight cotton rip. The sound seemed to provoke the women's lust. Like animals, all three women clawed at the ruined top, tearing it from his body. Fingers wormed into the fly of his boxer-briefs. Before he could protest, his underwear were shredded. A hand cupped his balls, then drifted up to his stiffening shaft.

"That's much better," Andy said, pushing Santana aside so she could kiss Ben.

Ben maneuvered his right arm so he could fondle Andy's left breast. As he did so, she broke their kiss.

"I have an idea," she said.

Andy turned and told Santana to lie on her side, across the bed. She then directed Gaby to lie lengthwise, perpendicular to Santana. She placed Ben parallel to Gaby, then she herself lay parallel to Santana. It took only a moment for the other three to figure out what she wanted, and the four arranged themselves in a box-shaped daisy chain. Ben stabbed his tongue into Santana's clit.

"Oh, God," she cried out, momentarily turning her face from its position between Gaby's legs.

As she rubbed Andy's clit, Gaby lapped at the lips of her pussy. Andy, meanwhile, stroked Ben's cock, running her hand up and down its length, as she took one of his testicles into her mouth. Ben grunted at the sensation, always finding that act a mixture of pleasure and pain. He forced himself to concentrate on satisfying Santana. Admittedly, the position did not make this easy.

Moving his tongue to her lips, Ben bent his arm and massaged her clit with his thumb. She began to grind her hips against him, as if trying to ride his face. He forced his tongue into her, fucking her with it. Her body began to coil involuntarily as tension built within her. Only a minute later, she came. He kept his mouth on her as she convulsed. Despite her legs pressed against his ears, he could hear her moaning.

Andy released his cock. Prying his head from between Santana's thighs, he looked at Andy. He watched as she crawled to Santana, and took her left nipple in her mouth. Gaby kissed Santana's mouth as her orgasm continued. Swiveling his body, he eased two fingers into the young woman, extending her bliss.

"Don't stop, Ben," Gaby ordered. "Make her cum again."

Removing his fingers from her, he slipped off the bed and knelt on the floor. Grabbing Santana's hips, he pulled her toward him. He lifted her legs to his shoulders and again pushed his face into her wetness.

"Fuck," she groaned, as she put her hands on Ben's forehead and tried to push him away.

Gaby and Andy grabbed her wrists and steered her hands over her head. While holding her securely, they used their mouths on her body. Santana writhed on the bed, twisting the sheets and blankets into a small mountain of chaos. The three quickly made Santana cum again. She gasped for breath and tried to free herself from their erotic torture.

Ben removed his face from Santana's crotch. As he turned toward the nightstand, Andy jumped off the bed and took his place. Her tongue found Santana's bud, and the younger woman's body quivered. Ben tore open another condom. He put it on and returned to Santana. Grabbing Andy's hair, he pulled firmly. Her head tilted back, and he kissed her hard, both of them with Santana's juices on their lips.
