 "I just love to make him cum," Julie said, licking her lips. "I really don't care how or where, just so he cums. I guess I'm just addicted to the stuff." 

"Mmmmm, me, too," agreed Lynn, resting back on her elbows. "My favourite is when he cums in my mouth. I'll swallow every drop. It's a shame he can't do it again right away, I just love it. I could drink cum for hours." 

"It's so very sexy when a man cums all over my tits," was my reply. "To see it spurting out all over..." 

"Ooh, yes..." they added, almost in unison. "But wait, you don't do it with men, Siobhan," chimed Julie. 

"No, Love, I don't do it with just men. After he spurts his load all over my tits, I want a pretty tongue like yours licking and sucking it up and then kissing me and sharing it. Oh, girls, it makes me wet just thinking about it."

Lynn and Julie are friends from women's only spa we belong to. We were sharing this conversation with all three of us completely nude in the sauna there. Actually, whenever the three of us are together, we are always nude, and the topic of conversation always ends up being sexual. From the very first time we met, nude, in the sauna, it's been this way. They both know of my being bisexual and don't seem to mind at all. There have been several times through our friendship that I've caught both of them giving me a look like they would like to experiment. There have been many a time that I've gone home after spending many a naked hour with these two that I'd just strip off and masturbate for countless hours. All either one, or both, of these beautiful women would have to do is say so, and I'd lick, suck and fuck them in a heartbeat. A friend of mine once said that I was almost as horny as a man, as much as I think about sex. At the time, I was happily prancing nude in front of her at mid-day in the middle of a car park, but that's a completely different story.

Lynn is about 5' 7", with stunning golden eyes and exquisitely long dark brown hair. Her breasts are ample, about 36C, with the kind of nipples that you just want to suck for days. Her trim waist and belly lead down to her neatly coifed dark triangle of soft pubic hair that is kept well trimmed for under the skimpiest of bikini bottoms, with just enough to tickle your nose as you kiss her clit. Lynn's soft toned olive skin makes her look as though she has a year 'round suntan without tan lines. And her shapely legs lead up to her lovely, firm arse. 

Julie is about 5' 4", a bottle blonde, cut in a bob, with deep, ocean blue eyes. Her breasts are about 34 B or C, but look larger because of thin frame. Her pink nipples constantly stick out as if she were always excited and her neatly trimmed bush surrounds a set of lips that one could get very addicted to kissing. She likes to sit on the bench in the sauna with her back to the wall and her feet up on the bench, spreading those beautiful pussy lips for all to see. More than once I've wanted to stick my tongue in there and lick her senseless. 

"Guys...um...this conversation...it's, well...I don't think I can hold out much longer..." Lynn's pert nipples were pointing out from her breasts like she'd been suckled for an hour. "I've gotta...you know...um...I'm so turned on right now...we're all friends here, right?" 

"If you gotta, you gotta," giggled Julie, pouring more water on the stones to add to the humidity. Poor Lynn actually looked as if she were about to cry. She really needed to masturbate. I know the feeling. But she just couldn't bring herself to just do it. 

"Don't be embarrassed, Lynn. You're beautiful and masturbation is a beautiful thing." I looked into her eyes. "I don't blame you for needing to get off. We always talk about sex and what with the extraordinary view of you two nude? Every time we're together like this, I feel like I'm going to explode! Do you want us to leave you alone?" 

"Yeah...um...no...I don't think so...not really." She nervously giggled. "I don't know..." 

"I love to be watched while I masturbate," announced Julie. "My boyfriend loves to watch me when I do it, so I let him. It really gets him so very hard. I was a little shy the first few times, but now I really like it! To the point where, sometimes, I'd rather have him watch me play with myself than have us fuck. Before I'm done, he's usually stroking his cock and ready to cum. It's great. Sometimes, he'll eat me or fuck me before I get myself off. Then, sometimes he'll just let me finish myself while he cums all over the both of us. Sometimes I cum so much better when he's just watching me." Julie closed her eyes and rolled her head back. "Lynnie...Baby, watch me..." With that, Julie's hand plunged to her rose coloured pussy and she just started rubbing herself, a moan escaping from her throat. 

Before I knew it, a single "yes" had escaped my lips as I watched Julie masturbate right across from me. So beautiful. So sexy. 

"See," smiled Julie. "If you gotta, you gotta..." Her voice trailed off as she lost herself in her masturbation. 

Lynn's hand slowly found it's way to her mound. She looked at Julie, then at me, at Julie again, and, again at me. Her second look at me caught me lifting my left breast to my mouth to lick my own very hard pink nipple. I just love doing that. Ladies, if you're big enough to do it, if you like having your nipples licked and sucked (and who doesn't?), try it. There's nothing else like it. 

Julie's eyes opened enough to see my breast to my mouth. "Oh, yeah, I wish I could do that!" she said, pulling at her very hard, very extended left nipple. 

I didn't need any more of an invitation. I dropped my own tit and crawled over to where Julie was pounding away at her pussy. With one motion I grabbed her left tit and tried to inhale her right nipple. She reached around the back of my head and pulled me to her as she started to moan louder and louder. As I licked and sucked Julie's nipple, I felt her right wrist rubbing against my belly as she quickly rubbed her clit. 

Julie let go of my head and opened her arm to Lynn. "Lynnie...oh, I'm gonna...please...c'mere...oh, please..." I felt Lynn join me at Julie's chest, her tongue tentatively licking at Julie's left nipple. "Oh, suck it, baby! Please! Suck it!" I released my grasp of Julie's left breast just as Lynn started to inhale it and I could feel Lynn caressing my hip. My right hand that had just abandoned Julie's left breast was now caressing my own succulent womanhood.

Julie's orgasm was a big one. She shook and trembled and bucked as she screamed out our names. I couldn't help myself. I dropped down and started licking and sucking her pussy. I could feel her muscles tightening as I licked her opening, sticking my tongue in as far as I could. Her hand followed me down, pulling me even more into her sweet wetness as she came again. She damn near drowned me! But it was most definitely worth it.

I pulled back from Julie as her orgasm subsided. Lynn was now on her back on the next bench over, wanking away with total abandon. "See what you started?" I smiled at Julie. 

Julie kissed me, tasting herself on my mouth. She licked her wetness from my lips and face. "I can see why you like it with women..." her sentence trailed off as Lynn's moans took over the room.

Julie crawled over to Lynn. "Can I...?" 

"Yes! Please...yes...anything..." 

"Don't stop." 

With that, Julie crawled over Lynn. She stopped long enough to put them in a titty 69. Julie's small but lovely breasts hung over Lynn's face while Julie suckled Lynn's right breast. As I sat watching and masturbating, Julie slowly licked her way down to Lynn's treasure, ending up in a full 69. Lynn's arms went around Julie's waist as her legs flung open to accept Julie's waiting, hungry mouth. 

Watching another couple during sex - whether it be woman/man, woman/woman, man/man - is one of the sexiest things ever. There truly isn't anything like being the witness of such sexual pleasure.

I could see them both trembling as their moans grew louder. I may not have been physically with them, but I most certainly was with them orgasmically. The fingers of both of my hands were flailing away at my soaked pussy as they rocked and sucked each other into heaven. We all three came within moments of each other.

Julie rolled off of Lynn, panting. The air in the sauna was getting a little more than stifling. "We need to get into a cooler spot," I said, opening the sauna door. 

"Whew, I think you're right. A nice cool shower should help," smiled Lynn, still panting. 

"Yes," giggled Julie. "We don't want to get over heated..."

We all showered and we all masturbated once more, knowing full well that the other two were watching. We all then dressed and said our good-byes for the day. I went home, got naked before the front door was all the way closed and spent the rest of the day masturbating, recovering and masturbating again, all with the day's events in my mind. I'm not quite sure where Lynn and Julie went, we're not due to see each other again until next week. I can't wait to find out.