 REFLECTIONS

It was a Friday evening and Jack Jensen had just finished eating dinner and he had adjourned to his family room with a night cap. He did not have a date that night and he was not in the mood to go out to the bars and chase pussy. He decided to spend the night alone since he did have plans for Saturday night which he knew would also carry over into Sunday morning.

Jack had become a fan of porn recently but he was not addicted to it. He liked the European porn the best and he favored the Private Label Media Company. Jack loved the woman in the Private Label movies as they were all beautiful with natural tits and curvy asses. All of the women engaged in vaginal, oral and anal sex and Jack loved to see cocks as big as his slide in and out of their shapely bottoms. He was amazed how the women were able to handle some of the massive cocks. Some of the cocks appeared to be even larger than his.

As he watched one of his movies he fast forwarded to one scene where a beautiful blonde and brunette had sex with a very well hung guy. Most of the movies all started out the same way with the guys eating pussy first, then the girls sucking cock, next the girls would get fucked in their pussies and finally they would get fucked in the ass. As in all movies cum shots were prominently displayed. Jack liked it when the guy would cum on the girls buttocks and then push his cock back in her asshole. 

As Jack watched the threesome he thought back to last weekend when Allison and Betsy had spent Saturday and Sunday with him. On Saturday he remembered sitting up naked on his bed stroking his big cock as the two students undressed each other in front of him. Jack stared at the two young beauties as they slowly removed each other's clothes and then they had turned to face him. He loved the contrast in them, Betsy being a brunette and Allison being a natural blonde. He recalled how the two girls walked toward his bed with their arms around each other's waist. Then their hands dropped to caress each other's buttocks just before they had climbed in bed with him.

It was a marathon of sex after that as the three of them had non-stop sex. Jack had eaten their pussies and fingered their asses at the same time. He would have loved to shove his big dick in their tight asses but he knew that he couldn't. The girls would need to be broken in and stretched by smaller cocks before he could even attempt such a thing. The girls had taken turns riding his cock and sitting on his face. He had fucked each of them doggy style while they took turns eating the other's pussy.

He did not ejaculate in the girls' pussies but instead they stroked his cock and watched him shoot into the air. The girls loved watching him shoot and then they played with his cum and sucked his cock dry. They didn't stay over Saturday night as they had to check in at the dormitory but they returned early Sunday morning and the fun and games started all over again. It had been quite a weekend.

Now as Jack watched the TV screen the brunette and blonde approached the well hung guy and the women let their hands drop to the other's ass and caressed it. The scene was just like it had been with Betsy and Allison. In the movie however, both women got fucked in the ass as they ate the other's pussy. Later they both sucked the guy's cock passing it back and forth just before he ejaculated. The girls both had a hand on his cock as they jerked him off and watched him shoot his load into the air. Once he finished cumming the girls took turns sucking his cock dry. 

Jack then lost it as his release snuck up on him and he stroked his cock. He shot six ropes of semen into the air and let it land on his chest and abs. Then several smaller shots left his cock and covered his pubes. It was a massive load and Jack mused as he looked at the puddle of semen on his body, "I too could be porn star."

DORA BECOMES A VOYEUR

On Tuesday afternoon, Dora Watson was walking past a supposedly empty classroom when she heard a soft moan. It didn't sound like a painful groan but more like one she herself would utter in pleasure. Dora stopped to listen and then she heard another moan. She decided to investigate but chose to be discreet as she entered the room. The lights were off but there was enough dim light for her to see. Dora let her eyes adjust to the limited light before she went any further. Satisfied that her eyes had adjusted Dora looked around the room and she spotted two figures in the darkest corner.

Dora was able to make out that the two figures in the corner were students. As her eyes adjusted even more to the dimly lit room Dora was able to determine that the two girls were kissing each other. Upon further inspection Dora saw that they had their hands in each other's panties and were obviously fingering each other's pussy. Dora always suspected that there were lesbian activities on the school grounds but she had never witnessed any until that moment.

Although tempted to confront the two girls, Dora decided to watch as she had never seen two girls make love before. In spite of her sexual exploitations, Dora had never had sex with another woman and had never even considered it. Now as she watched the two lovely girls, Dora felt aroused. One of the students knelt down in front of her classmate who lifted her skirt up providing access to her lower body. Dora was shocked when she saw the girl who was kneeling reach up and pull the other girl's panties down and off her legs. Dora had to stifle a gasp when she saw the girl lean in and begin to kiss her girlfriend's pussy.

"Oh that's it Betsy, you do that so well," the one girl whispered.

Dora now knew that one of the girls was Betsy a senior student who Dora had in class. Dora watched as Betsy's hands traveled up the back of the other girl's legs and cupped her buttocks. Dora was truly aroused now and she could feel her panties getting damp. She resisted the temptation to lift up her dress and rub her pussy as she watched the two teenagers. Dora continued to watch the two students as she was drawn to their tender love making. She kept watching and for the first time witnessed a female cum at the hands of another female.

"Betsy, here it cums, I'm cumming," the other girl announced in a harsh whisper.

Betsy kept her mouth glued to the pussy of her classmate and held her tightly as she received the love juices in her mouth. Dora saw the girl hold onto Betsy's shoulders for support. The girl standing eventually calmed down and recovered from her intense orgasm and then Dora watched as they switched places. 

"Your turn now Allison," Betsy whispered.

Dora knew then that the other girl was Allison who Dora also had in class. As Allison dropped to her knees, Dora remembered that the two girls were also roommates and now she knew they were lovers too. What Dora did not know was the two girls had also sampled Mr. Jensen's charms and had even engaged in a threesome with him. She also did not know that they had also witnessed Dora and Jensen having sex in the teacher's bathroom. Allison had not even bothered putting her panties back on which remained on the floor beside her as she lowered Betsy's panties. Allison buried her face in Betsy's pussy and Betsy let loose with an audible gasp.

"Put your fingers in me too," Betsy called out in a hushed urgent voice.

Dora watched as Allison fingered her roommate's pussy as she sucked on Betsy's clit. Dora could not stand it any longer and she had to either leave or seek relief. The teacher opted to stay and watch the students make love so she raised her tight skirt above her waist and plunged her hand in to her panties. Dora's pussy was sopping wet and within seconds her hand was drenched with her own love juice. Dora rubbed her pussy frantically keeping her fingers in contact with her clit. Images appeared in Dora's mind and then disappeared just as quickly. Dora was confused as one minute she was imaging Jensen's big dick plowing her cunt and then she visualized the teenage girls licking her twat.

Dora closed her eyes and as she fingered her pussy she got more vocal then she intended. At one point she gasped loudly enough to be heard. Betsy's head snapped around in direction of the sound and she spotted the voluptuous teacher in the dim light. Betsy's eyes were well adjusted and she saw that Ms. Watson was finger fucking her pussy. Betsy smiled as she was pleased that the pretty teacher was getting off watching her and Allison make love. Betsy decided to add some fuel to Ms. Watson's fire.

"Oh yes Allison eat my pussy, you do that so well. Keep eating me and keep fingering me. Make believe that you are eating Ms. Watson's hot pussy," Betsy said out loud hoping that Ms. Watson would hear it.

Dora heard it okay and she could hardly believe her ears. Had the girls actually thought about performing oral sex on their teacher? My God did they fantasize about her when they were making love to each other. Dora felt her own orgasm rapidly approaching as she frigged herself frantically. Then the dam burst and Dora could not help crying out when a massive orgasm rocked her. She held her hand over her mouth to stifle her cries as the other hand clenches her pussy. 

Betsy had pulled Allison to her feet and nodded in the direction of the teacher. Allison was shocked to see Ms. Watson across the room with her skirt pulled up and her hand buried in her pussy. Dora opened her eyes and when they cleared she could see the two students looking in her direction. She remained perfectly still in hopes that the teenage girls did not see her. Betsy then pushed Allison back to her knees so that Allison could finish Betsy off. Dora waited until Betsy orgasmed and used that opportunity to sneak away. She left the room and headed to her own classroom but she had to stop in the ladies room and wash her hand which had the distinct odor of sex on it. Dora hoped that she had not been spotted by the two girls.

After Betsy came in Allison's mouth, Allison stood up and the two girls kissed tasting each other's juices on their lips. They located their panties and put them back on and then they made their way back to the dormitory. Once they got in their room Allison questioned Betsy.

"What was that all about telling me to make believe I was eating Ms. Watson's pussy?" 

"I did that because she was watching us and fingering herself. I wanted to give her an extra charge," Betsy explained.

"Did it work?"

"I think so. Didn't you hear her cry out when she came?"

"No probably because I had my face buried in your pussy with your thighs clamped around my ears," Allison said and giggled.

"I wonder if she does it with girls," Betsy questioned out loud.

"Well we know she does it with men. Do you think that she might report us?"

"No but if she thought about it, I would tell her we saw her and Jensen having sex," Betsy replied.

"So we should probably just forget it happened and assume that she won't say anything," Allison suggested.

"I don't know. It might be fun to seduce her and find out if she likes girls too," Betsy offered.

"Really, I don't know. What if she gets mad and reports us?"

"She won't. We'll tell her that we know about her and Jensen if she gets huffy about it. I think we should try and have some fun with it. I think that she is pretty hot and I could see myself eating her pussy, what about you?"

Allison thought about it for a few seconds and answered, "Yeah, I could do it. I agree that she is hot. I'd like it if she would eat me too."

"Who knows we could have a threesome and maybe a foursome with Mr. Jensen," Betsy giggled.

"Oh man I am getting worked up again. I need your mouth again Betsy."

"We have time before dinner. Let's take off our clothes and do each other in a 69." Betsy directed.

The two teenagers stripped quickly; made sure the door was locked and hopped in bed with each other. They lay on their sides in a 69 position and ate each other to another orgasm. Then they washed their faces, got dressed and went to the dining area for dinner. Later that night back in their room they plotted the seduction of Dora Watson.

DORA'S SEDUCTION

Several days later on a Friday afternoon and Betsy and Allison were sitting in Dora Watson's class. Dora was going about her normal routine teaching the class but her eyes kept searching out Betsy and Allison in the room. Dora had been unable to shake the image of the two students making love. On Wednesday and Thursday, Betsy and Allison had appeared normal as they always did in class but on Friday they seemed very flirtatious.

Dora looked over at Betsy as Betsy lifted her skirt and crossed her leg. Dora almost gasped aloud when she saw that Betsy was not wearing panties. Dora blushed as she tried to ignore the situation but when she looked over at Allison the scene was repeated. Both girls were not wearing any panties and they flashed their bare pussies anytime Dora looked in their direction. 

Dora could not wait for the period to end and the class to be over. The two students had her flustered and she needed them to be out of her sight. Finally the period ended and the students cleared the room. The next class allowed Dora to compose herself and since it was her last class that day, she couldn't wait to leave the school. Dora had never been so shaken by students before bit Betsy's and Allison's lewd behavior had gotten to Dora. After her final class, Dora tidied up the classroom and she was packing her things when Betsy and Allison appeared in her room.

"I'm sorry girls I was just leaving," Dora spoke in a strained voice surprised at her own nervousness in front of the two students.

"Oh this won't take long Ms. Watson, we just have a couple of questions," Betsy said.

Dora noticed that Allison closed and locked the door to the classroom. Dora could feel nervous tingles run through her body. What's wrong with me? I am the teacher. I am the adult. I am the one in control here she thought to herself.

"Very well, what is it?" Dora replied trying to sound firm.

"We were wondering if you enjoyed watching us last Tuesday."

"I don't know what you are talking about. What was special about last Tuesday?" Dora lied in an attempt to dismiss the issue.

"Oh I think you know. You looked pretty turned on yourself rubbing your pussy while you watched us," Betsy said pressing Dora.

"I think that you girls are mistaken and you should leave now because I need to get going," Dora said unconvincingly.

"I know it was hard for you to see our pussies in the room because it was dark. That's why we didn't wear panties to your class today," Allison spoke for the first time.

Dora was beet red and her voice trembled as she spoke, "I didn't notice."

"I think you did but in case you didn't you can them now. Hold up your skirt Allison," Betsy said as she held up her skirt.

Dora couldn't believe the two brazen students in her room holding up their skirts and displaying their bare pussies. Dora was frozen to the spot as she stared at the brunette and blonde pussies. She was beside herself and she couldn't believe that she was like putty in the presence of the two students.

"Why don't you touch our pussies? We know that you like to touch yours," Betsy suggested sexily.

Dora didn't know what to do or what to say so she just stood there as if in a trance. She should have scolded the girls and sent them on their way or ordered them to the head mistress' office. Dora tried to gather herself and drum up the courage to deal with the two vixens but she seemed powerless. Dora knew that she had no one to blame but herself, she had been caught spying on the two girls and she did nothing about it then. In fact she had masturbated in front of the girls as she watched them but she never knew that they had seen her.

"Come on touch us. You know you want to," Betsy whispered as she and Allison moved closer to the teacher.

Betsy reached over and took one of Dora's hands and moved it to Betsy's pussy. Encouraged by Betsy, Allison did the same thing. Dora felt that she was in a dream as she watched her hands move toward the students' pussies and then she felt the soft tender skin of their vulvas. The three of them remained still with Dora's hands on the two teenage pussies but when Betsy pressed Dora's hand tighter against her quim, Dora pulled her hand away.

"No it's not right. Now you two leave immediately or I will report you both," Dora threatened weakly.

"I don't think that you will be doing any reporting. How do you think that the head mistress would respond when she found out that you were getting off watching us? Or what would she say if she learned that you were sucking and fucking Mr. Jensen in the teacher's bathroom?" Betsy snapped back at Dora.

Once again Dora was lost for words and turned beet red. How could these girls know about her and Jensen? Dora knew that the students definitely had the upper hand. However Dora was not going to take any more chances on school property.

"I think it would be best if we continued this discussion somewhere else," Dora stated.

"I agree, let's go to your place," Betsy suggested.

Dora hesitated at first but then agreed, "All right, do you need to sign out?"

"We already did. We have to be back in our room by 9:00 PM," Allison offered.

"Come with me then and I will drive you to my home and bring you back later," Dora relented.

On the 15 minute drive to her home, Dora wondered what would happen in her house. What would the three of them do? Would it hurt? How could it? A million thoughts passed through Dora's mind before they arrived at her home.

Once inside the house things moved quickly then Dora ever expected them to and she found herself naked in her own bed with two naked students. The two girls were very pretty and Dora had to admit that she was now curious about female sex; still she wasn't sure how to proceed. Allison sat up with her back propped up with pillows against the headboard of Dora's bed. Allison tenderly pulled Dora to her and kissed the teacher on the neck. Shivers ran through Dora's body and goose bumps appeared on her flesh.

The naked teacher leaned back into her student as Allison reached around and caressed Dora's ample breasts and gently pinched the sensitive nipples. Allison complimented Dora on her beautiful breasts. The other student Betsy pushed her teacher's legs apart and lowered her mouth to the mature pussy. Dora Watson was a quivering mess at the hands of the two teenagers. It wasn't as if Dora was not well experience with sex it as she had done it all with men but this was her first time with female partners and with two of her students at that.

Dora was overcome with Betsy's youthful beautiful firm naked body. Betsy moved between Dora's legs and lightly probed her vulva. Dora was struggling to contain her desire and when she felt Betsy tease her secret entrance she couldn't stand it any longer. Dora pulled Betsy to her and tried to get Betsy to lick her sopping wet pussy. But Betsy was not concerned about Dora's urgency and continued at her own pace as Betsy wanted to drive her teacher wild with desire.

Dora pushed herself onto Betsy's face and she knew that this was what she wanted. Dora needed this beautiful young girl to lick at her sex, to explore her hidden crevices and taste her juices. Betsy movements were unsure at first, knowing only that she wanted to taste Dora's womanhood. Betsy knew Dora was encouraged by her murmurs of pleasure that her actions caused. Allison moved to Dora's side and stroked her breasts as she watched Betsy between the teacher's legs.

Betsy had an overwhelming desire to touch and feel Dora and she brought her hands up to caress Dora's buttocks. She kneaded gently at Dora's smooth flesh, spreading her cheeks until Dora knew Betsy could see the deep shadowed cleft between them, and her puckered amber ring that nestled there. Betsy startled Dora when she reached for it with her tongue, licking, and running the tip of her tongue around it, feeling Dora's tight muscles react to her probing tongue. Betsy wondered if Dora had ever had a cock in her ass as it was so sensitive.
