 I stirred my jack and coke absent-mindedly, staring excitedly around me. The bar was starting to heat up. The neon lights cast an ethereal glow on the exposed thighs and stomachs of the local slut mob. I eyed them carefully, defining: ugly, druggy, probable std, trying to stay wise even though I was jittering in my seat. 

"See any you like?" Rosie practically shouted in my ear to be heard over the music. 

I grinned down at her. All 5'2" of her was boobs and butt in a cherry-print corset and tiny white skirt. I had no idea how I'd been so lucky as to catch such a sweet little freak. Her brown eyes were dancing under the chestnut fringe of her long bangs as she looked around the room, absently biting one strawberry-red lip. 

"Still looking." I remembered to reply. "I don't want to catch herpes from my first threesome." 

It was our first anniversary, and I'd sprung for a nice hotel with a whirlpool tub and a stocked mini fridge. We had left our hometown so we never had to worry about our fun catching up to us. It was perfect. Or it would be, as soon as we found this right girl. 

I was contemplating a half-drunk Latina when she walked in. All other thoughts derailed immediately. 

She wasn't my type at all. She had nothing of Rosie's voluptuous frame, but was all sinew and bad attitude. She burst through the door already cursing, and squeezed herself in beside me to shout for a strong drink. My knee was resting against her stomach, which was softer than it looked, bare between the torn midriff shift and the very tiny cut-off jeans. I could smell her shampoo and patchouli. I stared, fascinated, at the three cornrows that raked the left side of her head, in sharp contrast to the blonde cascade on the far side. 

Her eye makeup was too heavy, all black, making her blue eyes glare out like focused beams. 

As Rosie's teeth stung my earlobe, I became aware that she was trying to get my attention. "Her?" She asked, practically in my lap, trying to be heard over pop's latest and greatest. 

The blonde's head snapped around, and she studied us through narrowed lids. I shrunk a little in my seat at the ferocity of the glare, but Rosie smiled teasingly at the savage look, leaning forward to present her soft cleavage to its very best advantage, there in the middle of my lap. 

The girl reached up a finger, totally ignoring me, as if I were furniture. She stroked Rosie's cheek lightly with the back of her hand, smiling a crooked smile that made the light dance off of her hoop nose ring. 

Then with no warning at all she seized Rosie by the hair and drug her across my lap, catching her in a feral kiss that was all tongue and domination. 

A collective cheer from somewhere behind us managed to be louder than the music, but the woman didn't seem to hear it. She pulled Rosie's head back and up towards my shoulder until Rosie clambered onto my lap to relieve the strain. 

Then the girl was forcing in between our knees with her slim hips, shoving my drink aside with her elbow as she transposed herself between us and the bar, biting Rosie's lip, kissing her neck, trailing teeth over the white mounds of her breasts, then tearing at the laces of her corset.

Rosie wrapped her legs around the stranger, and I could feel her moan in my chest. I couldn't believe what was happening. I felt dizzy, as if this weren't real or as if I didn't have enough blood to support the hard on raging in my jeans. 

Rosie made no move to stop the woman as she tore the pretty red bow that bound the corset open with her teeth. They seemed mindless of the crowd gathering as the stranger's long, pierced tongue shoved between the corset and her breast, scooping out a peachy nipple. The woman raised the breast fully free of the corset with her teeth, leaving angry red lines on its snowy perfection, making Rosie arch her back and yank the woman closer with her legs. 

The stranger bit Rosie's lip, shoving her feet up onto my knees where her sharp heels dug and caught on my jeans. 

The girls dropped to her knees so quickly it seemed as if she'd vanished. In the mirror above the bar, I watched her tear Rosie's tiny lace panties aside with a black-polished thumb, reaching up to twist a pale, quivering nipple with her other hand. 

Rosie's pussy was rose pink and dripping nectar, her petals already parted. 

The woman opened her mouth wide and set her teeth above Rosie's clit, and I felt her growl against my leg. 

I vaguely saw a flash from a phone's camera as the woman bowed her head and licked slowly from Rosie's puckered asshole to her scintillating pussy, her tongue pressing hard enough to dimple the skin. 

Her next lick struck down even further, raking over my throbbing dick on its way to tease Rosie's glistening clit. 

Rosie swept her fingers into the stranger's hair, holding her face down to drown in delicious pussy. 

The woman's hand was craning under Rosie's ass, scrabbling for my zipper. I leaned back to give her better access, noticing as I moved multiple phones trained on us. 

Some people were leaving the bar. Some were recording us. Some were starting to pet themselves or each other. 

But then the stranger freed my cock from my jeans and I didn't care what anyone else was doing. Her warm hands wrapped around my girth, gripping me slowly and firmly as the Rosie began to come, her juices dripping down the strangers' face, onto my cock to provide lubrication for that slow, hard stroking. 

The stranger's face was wet with come when she licked a line from Rosie's pussy back to her gasping mouth, trailing teeth across her neck. She let my throbbing cock bob freely as she kissed Rosie gently, wrapping her arms around my wife's legs. 

Then she lifted Rosie as easily as if she weighed nothing, turned and laid her on the bar, shoving several glasses into the floor. Rosie fanned across the rough wood counter like a goddess, her legs seeming turned to jelly, her skirt rolled up to her thighs. Her breasts were quivering as she shuddered in the wake of her orgasms, and the view was captivating

The stranger's ass was against my cock when she leaned down to kiss Rosie's mound gently, tasting it now more slowly and sweetly as she unbuttoned her shorts, let them drop, and kicked them aside. She threw a leg over mine, then the other one, mounting neatly, her face still buried in my wife's pussy. 

I held on to the bar to keep us from tipping over as the stranger's wet pussy slid across my lap. I flexed my cock upright, angling my hips for the perfect... 

I slid inside her, filling every millimeter of her tight cunt. She slammed her hips down and I could feel every bit of her. I groaned, and nearly lost my grip on the bar, my body hanging on in desperation as every thought in my mind was taken up by that pussy pounding savagely against me, taking me all the way with every thrust, arching her back to take me further. 

Rosie came again and let her head drop backwards, her long hair flowing over the far side of the bar. I watched the bar tender fill her mouth with a long, thick cock while her pussy was filled with the stranger's tongue. Somehow, the sight of him leaned over the bar, obviously putting every inch of his desire into throat-fucking my wife filled my veins with fire.

I was ready to come when the bartender grabbed Rosie's breasts and groaned, coming down her throat. Rosie gagged a little, but swallowed, catching every drop. The stranger bucked off of my cock. She pushed off the bar, reached back and wrapped a hand around my neck, pulling herself upright, sitting on my lap in much the same position Rosie had been in earlier. Rosie slid forward, and the stranger grabbed a handful of her hair again, pushing her down. Rosie took me into her mouth briefly, all the way to the balls, before beginning to lick the stranger's swollen pussy.

Now, with Rosie appropriately directed, the stranger reached back to grasp my cock, tilting it up and pressing it against her tight asshole. I groaned and bucked, and got a growl and a tighter grip around my neck in reply. I felt Rosie's tongue assisting, lubricating, loosening the tight little asshole until I could begin to enter, licking my balls teasingly, then returning to the stranger's dripping cunt. 

The stranger slid down slowly, stretching her ass over my cock, while I tried not to move, letting her have her speed, feeling my cock pulsing as I wanted to come, needed to come, but would not until I could honestly say I'd just fucked a stranger in the ass while my wife ate her pussy. 

Gradually she picked up speed and depth, slamming onto my cock so fiercely that Rosie couldn't keep up, and I felt her on my balls again, stuffing them into her mouth as the stranger's pussy pounded above her.

Then I pulsed and began to come, gripping the bar for dear life, filling the stranger's ass with come while Rosie licked for any escaping droplets. 

The stranger sat back in my lap, no longer pounding, but taking my cock all the way to the balls, pulling Rosie's face into her pussy. She was groaning and writhing, making my cock stay hard inside her while Rosie ate her to orgasm, at a public bar, fully on film. As she pushed Rosie out of the way and slipped down off my lap, leaving my cock still half-hard and very interested in round two, I began to realize the number of people around us, some fucking, some recording us. I pulled my shirt down over my cock and gathered up Rosie's corset,helping pull down her skirt. By the time we had ourselves together, the woman was gone, shorts and all. 

"I... uh... I guess we have the hotel to ourselves. Lets scram before the cops get here." I told Rosie, and we took off into the cold night air, leaving half the bar still fucking behind us. Best. Anniversary. Ever.