 All of the people and events in this story are all works of fiction, and over the age of 18.



 This is the story of my 30th birthday. My birthday happened to be on a Friday this year and I had decided to take a little bit of vacation around the same time. So for the past week I have been going to the gun range, doing a little bit of work around the house and enjoying my time away from work while my fiancé Jackie had to work. 

Well my birthday rolled around, and like every morning I would wake up early to go for a workout while Jackie got a little more sleep. I went through my normal routine, ending it with a little run. I'm a taller guy, in decent shape. I'm not model gorgeous but I'm not bad looking either. That's why I work out every day, to stay in shape.

When I got back, I headed straight to the shower. About 5 minutes in I heard the door open, and the curtain was pulled back. I felt two soft hands start rubbing my shoulders, my girlfriends breasts pressing up against my back. She stood up on her tiptoes and I felt her lips kissing my neck.

"Happy Birthday baby" she whispered in my ear before giving it a little nibble. 

I turned around to see my beautiful fiancé. She stood 5'9, and is a beautiful brunette. She has nice long beautiful legs, leading up to a nice toned stomach, and perky c cupped breasts. She stood up on her toes again and gave me a deep passionate kiss. I wrapped my arms around her, cupping her full firm ass, pulling her into me. 

Then she surprised me, she forcefully shoved my back against the cold tile of the shower wall. She kissed me hard, exploring my mouth with her tongue. It was very hot and heavy, and I started to grow. She felt it too, reached down and gave my dick a little squeeze.

"Well it seems like someone is ready for his birthday present" she said with a devilish little grin. She lowered herself down to her knees, kissing and giving playful little bites as she went down. She kissed right around the base of my cock while slowly stroking it. Starting at the base, she gave the underside of my cock one long slow lick all the way to the tip. By now I was fully hard and sticking straight out. She looked up at me, gave me a wink took my cock into her mouth. 

Jackie was always great at giving blowjobs, but today was out of this world. As she bobbed up and down, taking most of my 8 inch dick each time, she stroked my cock doing a little corkscrew motion with her hand and swirling her tongue. She pulled straight back till I was almost out of her mouth completely. She took a deep breath then plunged straight down. I felt the back of her throat, but she kept going fighting past her gag reflex, until her nose was touching my stomach. She held it there for a couple of seconds, then came up for air before plunging down again. It went on and on like this for several minutes until I felt a familiar feeling rising in my balls. 

"Baby I'm going to cum" I said breathlessly. She didn't care though, and kept going. I didn't last even two seconds longer before I exploded down into her throat. She came up until only the head of my cock was in her mouth, and she sucked that last little bit of cum out of my cock before swallowing my entire load in one big gulp. 

"Stay in a little bit longer baby, I'm gonna go make your breakfast" she said before grabbing a towel and leaving me alone. 

"What a hell of a start today" I said with a smile. I took a little bit longer to relax and let the warm water run down my body. I then shut off the shower grabbed a towel and went to go get dressed. 

I could smell the bacon and eggs from our room, and it was making me hungry. So, I hurried up, threw on a pair of jeans and a t-shirt, and headed down stairs. 

Jackie was at the stove, wearing only an old t-shirt. She had eggs and bacon on the stove and it smelled delicious. I snuck up behind her and wrapped my arms around her waist, I gave her a kiss in the nape of her neck. 

"Morning head and breakfast. You are spoiling me today baby"

She smiled, turned her head and gave me a deep passionate kiss. "Well you made my birthday so special, I wanted to do the same for you" 

Well well well, I thought, I wonder what else you have planned for me today. A few months back, before her birthday while in bed we had been in bed talking. We got on the subject of sexual fantasies. We traded them back and forth, and we got to one of her kinkier fantasies. Now don't get me wrong, she was plenty kinky. We had fucked in public, done some light s&m, and even picked up a young guy at the bar and we dped her. She apparently had loved that because she said that her fantasy was a gangbang. She wanted to have 4 or 5 guys just ravish her and use her for their pleasure. So when it came time for her birthday, I had arranged for a few guys I had met on a swinger website to be waiting in a hotel room for us. After they had left, and she had been fucked good and hard in every hole, she had told me she owed me one.

She set a plate down in front of me, full of eggs bacon and hash browns. Then she went to the fridge and poured a great big glass of oj for me. 

"I've got to get goin babe, I'm already running late" She said before running upstairs. I had just finished my breakfast when she came down stairs fully dressed for work. 

"What are you going to do today, mister birthday boy?" she asked as she was heading to the garage.

"Oh I might go to the range today, maybe go for a ride. Not quite sure yet."

"Alright, but remember, right after I get off work the birthday continues" she pulled me in close for one last kiss before leaving for work. "Love you"

"I love you too" I said as I shut the door to the garage. 

I spent the next couple of hours doing a little busy work around the house, washing dishes, taking out the trash. You know, the normal household things. 

After all of that was done I decided to play my xbox for a bit. The range would open for another couple of hours so I had some time to kill. 

As I sat there playing my games, I started to notice something strange. I had a raging hard on. I don't know why; it's not like I get off on watching video game girls or anything like that. I just for some reason was sporting major wood. Maybe it was from the unexpected morning blowjob. But it would probably go away here in a little bit.

A little before 10:00, I heard a knock at the door. This was a little weird, I wasn't expecting anybody. So, I went to the door to see who it was. I opened it to see a young woman, maybe 21 or 22. She was Hispanic, about 5'5 and had a nice athletic body. But what was really strange was that she had cleaning supplies with her. 

"Are you Justin?" she asked. 

"Uh, yes. Can I help you?"

"I was hired to clean up you house today," she said "by someone named Jackie."

"Oh, um ok. Come on in." I said stepping back and holding the door open for her.

She gave me a sweet little smile and came in squeezing past me. 

"My name is Maria" she said, "I'd like to start in the bathroom, where is it?"

I pointed down the hall, "It's the door on the left."

"Thank you" she said with another smile. Wow she was really pretty.

Just as the door to the bathroom shut, my phone started to ring, it was Jackie. 

"Hey baby," I said "how's work?"

"It's going alright. I was just calling to see if your next present arrived yet."

"Next present? What are you talking about?" I asked, thoroughly confused.

As I asked that I heard the bathroom door open. I turned around and couldn't believe my eyes. There standing in my hallway, was an almost naked Maria. All she had left on were her high heels. I studied her from head to toe. She had long black hair that went down to just past her shoulders, she had big brown eyes, and full pouty lips. She had soft brown skin, large d cupped breasts, a nice set of legs with one of the greatest asses I have ever seen. She did a little turn so I could see all of her naked glory. I noticed that she had a very neatly trimmed pussy, with just a little landing strip leading down to it. 

"I'm talking about Maria, silly" Jackie said laughing over the phone. "I hope you like"

"Oh I do baby, very much so"

"Good" she said. "Now today's real fun begins. You're probably noticing that you are rock hard right now, right? Well that's not just because of the naked Latina in our house. I slipped you a Viagra this morning in your breakfast. Now here are the rules. For the first hour, Maria there is going to clean our house just as she is, and I want you to watch. But you are not allowed to touch yourself even once. If you are good for that first hour, then Maria there will give you your next present." 

I couldn't believe it. My fiancé had hired an incredibly sexy Latina to clean our house, in the nude. And she wanted me to watch. 

"Oh my god, Jackie. You are the best" I said. I couldn't hold the excitement from my voice.

"I know, enjoy" she said in a very seductive voice, then hung up.

Over the next hour, Maria walked very seductively around our house cleaning it. I sat down on the couch, sitting on my hands fighting the temptation to relieve some of the discomfort in my dick. Boy was it a sight to behold. Every time she would walk past me, she'd give her hips a little sexy swish. Every time she would bend down, she would turn around so I could get a marvelous view of her ass and pussy. When she reached up, she would do so making sure I got a fantastic look at her full sexy tits. 

Finally, the agonizing hour of teasing was almost up. Just a few more minutes to go. That's when I got another call. It was Jackie again. 

"So, baby. How are you holding up?" she asked. I could hear the devilish grin she had through the phone. She knew I was in agony.

"Baby, this is torture. I am so goddamned horny I feel like I'm about to explode"

"And you didn't touch yourself once?"

"No, not once"

"I hope not. Let me talk to Maria." She said

I handed the phone over to Maria, starting to get confused again. She and Jackie started talking.

"Hello. No, he didn't once. Are you sure? Ok here he is." She handed the phone back to me.

"Hello"

"Hey baby, just wanted to say your welcome, and have fun. Love you"

As I was listening, Maria knelt down in front of me and started to undo my pants. She pulled out my rock hard cock, and I sat there in utter disbelief as my cock disappeared into her mouth. 

"MMMMM, oh my god baby, you shouldn't have" I said into the phone. "Are you sure you're ok with this"

"Absolutely baby, and this is just surprise number one. Have fun."

She hung up the phone and I was able to focus back on the beautiful woman sucking my cock. She was doing great, clearly very experienced. She then stood up a little more on her knees. She wrapped her massive tits around my cock and started bouncing up and down on my cock. Her tits were so soft and fucking her tits was amazing. She went at this for bit longer before standing up.

"Happy birthday sexy" she said as she turned around. She held my cock as she lowered her pussy down. She rubbed it at the entrance before she finally sat down onto my waiting cock. It was the greatest feeling in the world. Her pussy was so tight, and with the last hour or teasing I got it just made it so much better. I sat there, hypnotized by her ass bouncing on my dick. I reached up around and with one hand squeezed a massive tit, and with the other I rubbed her clit. I'm a guy who loved to get girls off, and I was going to make her cum. She started moaning, obviously appreciating the attention I was giving to her. She stopped riding me, stood up and turned around and mounted me again. She lowered her massive tits down into my face. I was in heaven. I took one of her tits into my mouth and sucked hard on her nipple. She was grinding down hard onto my dick, and going faster and faster, moaning louder and louder. I gripped her ass in both hands and started to thrust up into her. It wasn't long until she started to quiver all over. She then let out a breathless scream as she reached her climax. As she came down she leaned forward, took my face in her hands and gave me a deep passionate kiss. Our tongues wrestled in each other's mouths, and when the kiss broke I saw the wild lust that was in her deep beautiful eyes. 

"oh my god, that was amazing" she said. She stood up and bent down over the arm of the couch "come on baby, just do it"

I stood up and went around behind her. I lined my cock up with her pussy and drove my cock in up to the hilt. I took over from there. I started pounding her with no restraint. She was screaming in shear ecstasy, I reached down and grabbed a handful of hair and pulled her head straight back. She arched her back and turn her head to me. She grabbed my head pulled me in and kissed me, shoving her tongue into my mouth. I started to feel my balls start to tense up. I wasn't going to last much longer.

"I'm.... going .......to ....... cum" I grunted in between thrusts.

She then pushed me off, dropped down to her knees. She quickly started sucking my cock trying to milk the cum out of me. I couldn't take it anymore. She took it out of her mouth right as I started to cum. I shot streams of cum right onto her face. I came a lot more than I thought possible and it splattered all over her face. She sucked the last little bit of cum out the tip. Than stood up and went to the bathroom, probably to clean up. 

I collapsed onto the couch, trying to catch my breath. I was still in shock and couldn't believe what had just happened. A few minutes later, maria came out of the bathroom, completely cleaned up.

"Jackie wanted me to give you this" she said and handed me a note. She then gave me one more deep kiss, wished me happy birthday, and left.

I sat there for a minute before opening the note. I wondered what Jackie had planned next.

 Part 2 coming soon