 Last Summer, my boyfriend and I travelled around Germany for two weeks during our university break. He had just finished his fourth year in law and myself my second year in medicine. Being a doctor is a life ambition of mine - there's that something about the human body that I really find interesting and exciting... 

Mark and I had been together since high school and were still very much in love, but it pestered me that he was the only guy I had ever been with. We never talked about it, but I was sure he felt the same way with me. Our friends from College were experimenting with different people, doing all sorts of kinky things at some of the crazy house parties held by the students all the time -- The girls would share the stories with me on Monday mornings before our first lecture and I had been feeling a longing to have these experiences as well. Not that Sex with Mark wasn't great, it was just that, well, I found some of the guys from my lectures really hot and I just sort of wanted to do with them what they were already doing with the other girls from class. 

Discussing our plans for the next day over some drinks one night in Karslruhe, a small town close to the Eastern border of France, with an American-German couple we had met at our hostel, I was interested to find out that they were visiting Baden-Baden the next day, a town close by famous for its Roman themed spa. It wasn't the spa itself that interested me, but that even though it was compulsory that you go in nude, it was such a famous tourist destination and landmark in the area of Germany we were in. 

The couple, an extremely good looking German guy named Daniel, who was tall and well built, with short dark hair and an absolutely beautiful American girl Lina, who was much shorter than him, but childishly cute with long natural blonde hair, a nice tan and perfect body for her size, with rounded breasts that were easily noticeable through her low cut top -- invited us to join them the next day to check the place out. My strong curiosity didn't need much convincing and I immediately said yes, to Marks' surprise who seemed to be a bit taken aback by my eagerness. He passed a comment that we would have to check our schedule for the next day but would confirm with them the next morning. We finished our drinks with them in the bar we were at and headed home. 

On the way home I mentioned to Mark that I would enjoy going with them the next day and that I was sure that the plans that we had could be shifted a day. Mark then blushed a bit and said he wasn't sure about being naked so publicly in front of other people. It was funny for me to see him so nervous, as he was normally Mr. Confident. Mark played American football back home so was naturally strong and had an athletic body. He had a boyishly cute face, making him appear young which he tried to disguise with a little bit of stubble. He generally wore fashionable clothing, and his shirts always had shorter sleeves which showed off his arms quite nicely. He always received a lot of attention from girls which I was never jealous about, but rather more proud that he was mine. 

As I saw him become a bit nervous, I felt an attraction to him -- I pulled him close to me and put my hand over his cock -- I said in a soft hushed but sweet voice, ''what's wrong, you don't think you can handle it?'' He looked back at me with a pissed off expression and replied ''of course I can'' - I felt a strange sense of power in the way that I could control him! 

The next morning we woke up early and texted the couple to tell them we would be joining them, we met up with them for a light breakfast and went together to the bus stop. On the bus myself and Mark sat on the only available seats while they had to stand a little bit in the front. It was at this stage that I started to feel a bit of an excited nervousness with regards to what I was about to experience. The nervousness was not only that I was going to be getting naked in front of strangers but also that we were doing it with another couple of who, the guy I thought was extremely hot and had a strong attraction to although I would never have mentioned it to Mark. Though, If I was honest about it, I didn't feel that guilty, the reason being that I had seen Mark on more than once occasion the night before look over at Lina's chest -- which I had no problem with. Her beauty astounded me just as much him. 

While on the bus Mark nervously whispered in my ear that he was worried that being naked and in front of naked girls could cause him to receive an unwanted erection. This caused me to giggle out loud and I responded by putting my hands on his balls and saying ''I'm sure little Mark will be fine'' 

When we arrived after the 20 minute bus journey, we paid our entrance and were told where we would have to disrobe. Mark had been hoping we would all be able to do it separately but we were lead into a tiny changing room together. Lina and Daniel took off their clothes quickly and naturally and I was surprised by how beautiful their bodies were. I felt a pang of attraction immediately which made me feel nervous, Lina's body was near to perfection and I felt it difficult not to stare at her perfect skin and amazingly rounded tits. Her ass was extremely small but cute and I wondered how she didn't have any trace of hair anywhere on her body. 

The first thing I noticed about Daniel was his well defined chest and stomach, it was built into eight parts, his arms although not huge had a natural strength to them and I imagined them around me for a second. He had a huge rod and this just encouraged the fantasy I already had of him. 

After peering at them for a second longer I preceded to take off the dress I was wearing and the underwear underneath it. First was my bra and then my knickers. I felt a strange sense of shyness and comfortableness all at the same time. Although I usually try to be modest about it, I am aware of how sexy I am -- I had a done a bit of modeling the year before and I do know the effect that my body has on men. As soon as I was naked Daniel looked straight at me and grinned in a menacing way, which made me want to melt. 

Mark took off his clothes as well to reveal his body, which was just as attractive as the rest of ours. He wasn't as nervous as he thought he would be, and looked quite confident standing there in all his glory. Everybody had a quick curious look at one another just before we were about to head out, It was Lina who really got me feeling horny when she surprisingly looked straight at Marks dick and said ''mmm nice cock'', I blushed a bit in excitement and Daniel just laughed. Mark went bright red and all of a sudden his dick started to grow into the erection which he was so worried about before he came. I laughed and tapped his dick with my hand and said that he better put a towel around that before we head out, Lina let out a giggle which caused him to go redder and all of us to laugh louder.

As we headed out I felt strange but liberated by being in the nude in front of other people. The rest of the people were much younger than I had expected and were generally in their early twenties. The majority of which were also extremely good looking. I looked around at the guys and was surprised by how big the average German guys dick was. 

Our first stop was in one of the smaller Jacuzzis -- there were already two guys in there but they didn't mind us joining in. Although a bit cramped there was enough space for all of us. While we sat in the Jacuzzi, I could feel Daniels cock float up and brush against me as I sat between him and one of the guys who was already inside, the tall dark haired guy sitting on the other side also had a huge dick that I could feel harden a bit against my leg as I got in, I didn't mention this but rather decided to experiment moving forward a little bit where I knew his dick would brush up against me more. I felt his dick stroke past my ass a bit and harden into a full on erection. I blushed a bit and apologized to him trying to act like it was an accident but he just tilted his head and looked me straight in the eyes as if to say ''yeah right...'' 

The two guys who were already in stayed for a few minutes longer and then got out. We stayed a while chatting amongst each other and observing passersby's. 

It felt great with the extra space we now had and I allowed myself to get deeper in the Jacuzzi and allow the water to rise above my breasts. As I rose again the change in temperature caused my nipples to harden -- Lina noticed and smiled, she then passed a comment that she was jealous of my rack and said that my chest was in perfect proportion to my body. I laughed at the notion that she would be jealous of my breasts and mentioned that I hadn't been able to keep my eyes off of hers since we arrived. She let out her usual giggle and I could see Mark biting his lip obviously turned on by the conversation. Daniel on the other hand looked quite natural as if he were used to hearing this type of thing all the time. 

Daniel, who had been to the Spa before, mentioned that there was quite a nice sauna in the outdoors section and that we should check it out.

Walking in the outdoors was great and it was nice to feel the fresh air against my body. The cool breeze made mine and Linas nipples stand out and it was clear that Mark was trying hard not to stare. Lina seemed to enjoy the attention we were receiving from Mark who was still a bit nervous, she would tease him by looking into his eyes and then glancing down at his dick and smile. 

Although, his blushing showed that it clearly made him nervous, it was also turning him on which was evident by how his dick would grow in size every time she did it. 

It was a bit of a walk to reach the sauna and it seemed to be a bit hidden away to the rest of the complex. Daniel mentioned that this usually meant it was quite empty as most of the visitors didn't know about it. Saying that, there were two girls who were sitting inside when we arrived though. 

We walked in quietly and startled them who were sitting quite close together, we all found a place to sit and I peered over to the girls who looked like that they were probably about 20 years old. They were clearly not from Germany. Their tanned light brown complexion in combination with their small but defined bodies and dark hair and eyes indicated they were probably from a country on the Mediterranean. 

One of the girls sat up and mentioned something to the other, in what I recognized straight away as Italian. It seemed she was asking the other for a massage and proceeded to lie on her stomach. This was not usually permitted in the Spa as it was required that you paid one of the Spas professionals to do it (I had read that in the rules when arriving), and was probably why the girl asked us in broken English ''It OK with you if my friend give me massage?'' 

We indicated that it wasn't a problem with us. Her friend balanced herself on her knees, sitting on the others ass, with one leg on each side of her body. I watched her friend place her hands on her shoulders and start to press on them gently, as she went on she moved her hands to her upper back and then to the sides of her breasts and started to rub them gently. It was quite clear that the girl was starting to feel turned on and she let out a slight breath as her tits were being touched. She continued massaging the girls back for a few minutes before lowering her hands to the girls' bottom. She squeezed her ass lightly to begin with but as the girls breathing deepened she squeezed tighter. 

The longer I watched the more I could feel my heartbeat increase and I started to feel uncontrollable. I could also notice that Mark and Daniel had put their towels around themselves which I assumed was to hide their state of arousal at the situation. Lina was observing the girls with just as keen interest as I was and before even realizing it I had started stroking my pussy lightly. Just as I started though, the girl giving the massage looked over at me with a very surprised look, her mouth was open in shock but with a smile, she said something in Italian to her friend who started laughing. I immediately felt embarrassed and my face went bright pink. She said something again to her friend and then asked me'' You like massage, too?'' I immediately nodded my head but decided that I would obviously need Marks approval first, I turned my head to him, looked back at her and said ''actually, I'm sure he would like a massage'' 

The girl smiled and said in her sexy Italian accent ''sure, no problem'' Mark looked really surprised but his dick was huge at this stage and I could see he was keen. He gave me a glance to check that I was sure it was OK, but he saw that the situation really excited me and didn't say anything. The shorter girl lay Mark on his back and immediately started stroking him around his crotch. Marks erection was so obvious that within a few seconds she was lightly stroking and rubbing his balls. 

The taller Italian girl then pointed at Daniel and said to Lina ''I give him massage?'' Lina loved the idea and smiled. Although the Italian girl had said massage, there really was no massaging about it - the girl stood Daniel up, took off his towel to reveal his huge cock and started sucking it veraciously. As she knelt in front of him I felt a knack of envy as the two girls used the boy's dicks as mere toys. 

By this stage the shorter girl was using her one hand to rub Marks balls and the other hand to stroke his dick as quickly as she could, Marks cock was the biggest I had ever seen it which obviously impressed Lina who began to touch herself while watching him. The harder and bigger Marks dick got, the more excited she seemed to get. She then looked at me for approval to which I nodded happily and then approached the two of them and put her mouth on Marks cock as fast as she could. I watched Marks expression and could see that he was treasuring the moment. Though a bit jealous, I was glad that Lina went over, it meant that I could obviously do the same to her boyfriend who I had spent the whole of the previous night fantasizing about.

I went over to him and started sucking his cock together with the Italian girl, as his dick got bigger we sucked it harder and it started to become difficult to continue putting his whole dick into my mouth. I pushed my tits together and thrust his dick between them, I pushed my tits up and down his dick a few times and then allowed the Italian girl to do the same. She started to get extremely turned on by sharing Daniels cock with me which she demonstrated by gently kissing me on the lips while playing with Daniels dick. 

I had never been kissed by a girl before, and I loved the soft and gentle feel of it, I allowed her to caress my tongue with hers and her hands to touch me at the same time. She pushed herself towards me and I couldn't help but let out a moan as her nipples touched mine. We were both standing on our knees at this stage and I started to kiss her uncontrollably, my deep breaths turned into light screams when I felt her hands on my ass which caused Daniel to start masturbating furiously. Not wanting him to feel left out I knelt over, still on my knees and moaned for him to ''fuck me''. He pushed his cock into my pussy from behind and I felt my whole body shiver with excitement. The girl moved away and looked happy just to enjoy watching Daniel fuck me while she fingered herself, as my moans became uncontrollably louder her masturbation became faster.

Looking to the other side of the room I could see Mark fucking the other taller Italian girl while she went down on Lina. She was also screaming out loud now, at this stage we were enjoying ourselves too much to worry about the possible consequences of passerby's hearing us. Mark, with his dick still in Lina, looked over at me and grinned, although he would never say it, I figured he may have felt a slight bit of jealousy at how much I was enjoying having Daniels cock in my pussy. Through my screams I smiled back at him and made the motion of sucking a cock with my right hand, he understood straight away what I wanted and took his dick out of Lina. Although she gave him a tempting and teasing expression, she was more than happy to mess around with the Italian girls for a while. 

As the tall Italian stood behind her kissing her neck and touching her ass, the shorter one stood in front of her masturbating her and lightly licking her nipples. 

Still on my hands and knees with Daniel fucking me from behind, Mark came towards me, he grabbed my hair aggressively, and forced his cock into my mouth muffling out my screams, his direct approach made my body tremble with desire. The feel of two dicks inside of me was becoming too much for me to handle and I desperately signaled for them to stop so that I wouldn't cum. The more I pleaded with them, the harder they fucked me and I felt unable to stop what was about to be an explosion inside of me. As my body started to lose control and I gave in to the feeling of Daniels cock, he suddenly pulled out and looked at me with an evil smile and said ''not just yet''. From begging him to stop I begged him to continue, which amused both him and Mark. 

The two Italian girls were also now feeling like being fucked themselves and motioned the boys towards them. I despairingly watched the boys walk away from me towards them. Myself and Lina could only watch as our boys fucked the two girls, Mark with the shorter girl and Daniel with the taller one. I couldn't stop watching how Daniel enjoyed fucking her, she was lying on one of the sauna benches with her back down and he stood on the ground resting her right leg on his shoulder and fucking her pussy. Her hands were holding her tits when all of a sudden her body started shaking and she screamed out to Daniel not to stop.

My body ached and I looked over at Lina who I noticed was looking at my tits. I hadn't paid much attention to her since we had arrived in the sauna, but I realized at that moment that she was absolutely stunning. I felt my attraction for her from the changing room come back to me and I couldn't take my eyes off of hers, she walked towards me and kissed my lower lip, pushing her tits against mine, she stroked my ass with her fingers and lightly touched me between my legs, I put my arms around her and felt her ass. I couldn't get over how beautiful she was and how horny her naked body had made me feel all day. I lowered my head and lightly licked each of her nipples, as I did that she slipped her fingers into my pussy and softly started to stroke my clitoris, her gentle touch made me feel light and I fell back onto the sauna bench, I lay on it comfortably and let Lina use her hands and tongue to have her way with me. It was incredible... 

Lina was going down on me when I heard the first Italian girl orgasm, she had been being fucked by Daniel for almost 10 minutes nonstop and Daniel was still going strong. Her orgasm must have set the other Italian girl off too as she came almost instantly afterwards . 

Watching them cum made me feel about to do the same as well, The boys approached us and I put my mouth onto Daniels dick while Lina did the same to Mark. Every once in a while they would swap over and I would get the chance to suck on Marks dick and Linas on Daniels, and then sometimes they would both stick their cocks into one of our mouths at the same time. Mark was the first to cum, his fluid filled Linas mouth and spilled out down the left side of her cheek and over her tits all the way down to her pussy. Barely a few seconds later Daniels dick erupted as well, the amount of sperm that flew from his cock was amazing and my whole face and chest were covered in cum. Myself and Lina grinned at each other and licked the cum off each others tits and face. As Lina sucked the last bit of cum from my nipple, my body began to shake and I orgasmed without anyone even needing to be near me. 
