 My name is Robert. I want to tell you about something that I've dreamed of for a long time and only just came true.

I'd been waiting a long time for that night. I had first opened up a dialogue with my wife about bringing another woman into the bedroom in the first year of our marriage. It's always been a very intense fantasy of mine, especially since I had a hot and horny friend, Morgan, who seemed just as eager to be our third.

It took awhile for the wife to come around to the idea. She agreed to it immediately, but I still had time to wait for her to be ready to "share" me. 

Morgan and I have known each other for years, since High School. We had dated off and on for awhile before finally settling down to being just friends. Even as friends, and later fuck buddies, then back to friends again, I still drooled over her.

Slim, probably not more than 5'6", she had very long brown hair, brown eyes, and a light complexion. She was somewhat shy, but had a great laugh and smile. She had very nice 36C tits with round, suckable nipples. She had one of those figures that most women would kill for which she sometimes cursed because of all the attention it brought her from horny guys. 

But now the wife had agreed. We'd been married for awhile when she finally told me one night after some particularly hot sex that she thought we'd have Morgan over that weekend. To Spend The Night.

I could almost hear the capital letters when she said it. My mind was reeling. I had trouble getting to sleep that night; did she mean it, were my fantasy finally about to come true?

It was. The next day Amanda, my wife, contacted Morgan through email at work...secretly. I was almost afraid to say anything, fearing to jinx the situation with pressure. But the ladies got their heads together, they schemed, they planned, and before I knew it, Saturday was upon us.

We hopped in the car and met at a local steakhouse. Morgan was a total carnivore so we'd decided to treat her and have a "date" before the events kicked off at home. Events which, unbeknownst to me, my gals had already planned out for me.

We chatted nervously over dinner. You could cut the sexual tension in the air with a knife. We chose a table and we all three kind of scooted in together, I in the middle with a different beautiful gal on each side. It was cold that night so Amanda had worn a simple red turtleneck that clung in all the right places and some tight jeans. She had long red hair, blue/grey eyes, a very pale complexion and dimples that could light up a room when she smiled

Though she wore a 36C she was somewhat in denial; she was really closer to a D. They sagged a bit as only nice big tits that aren't fake can; Amanda had more curve to her than most women, but she still made me horny every night when we lay down for bed. Her nipples were a bit big but crinkle down and just beg to be sucked and teased when she's horny and the left one was pierced, which just added to the fun. She, too, kept her pussy shaved, but she did so at my request.

Despite the cold, Morgan dressed to kill, as she often did. She wore a very low-cut black top with loose, flowing sleeves that absolutely rocked her tits. She also wore these tight, black leather pants that I had always been a fan of. These things, combined with her somewhat dark makeup (especially the lips, which she also knew I liked) she looked like an almost-goth flowerchild.

All through dinner we all three flirted with one another. There were lots of meaningful looks, lingering glances, and "accidental" touches. I'd never played footsie with two women at the same time before and found it to be quite a challenge. I'm sure our waiter wandered what kind of people we were, one guy with two women hanging all over him, but did nothing more than give me the occasional jealous look.

But we survived dinner with a minimum amount of embarrassment. There was one moment when, while waiting for our food to arrived, Morgan surreptitiously reached down to rub my cock under the table. Amanda beat her to it and their hands met. They both froze, then laughed. Together they worked me up into quite a boner. We were getting so involved we almost didn't notice the waiter approaching the table. I'm sure he noticed the two ladies both snapping a hand back; jealous look.

Morgan excused herself to the bathroom as we were leaving. Amanda and I stood by the car, chatting while we waited. She asked me if I were excited. I answered with a smile. I leaned in and kissed her, taking her hand and guiding it to the raging cock in my pants. The moan that came through her mouth must have indicated an acceptable answer; she didn't ask again.

We made out for a few moments before we realized Morgan had joined us. We broke apart and laughed, apologizing; she was too shy to say anything and stop us.

"Here, let me make it up to you," Amanda said as she stepped over to her. She pushed Morgan back so she was leaning against the rear of the car, wrapped her arms around her, and kissed her.

It was soft, not forceful. Morgan seemed to hesitate for just a moment, then melted against Amanda, kissing her back. Her arms went around Amanda and held her close, their breasts rubbing together. Within a moment their mouths had opened and their tongues had met, dueling silently in the night. Despite the cold I didn't think I'd ever been as hot as I was at that moment.

Amanda broke away from the kiss. She leaned forward and rested her forehead against Morgan's, gazing into her eyes.

"This means a lot to him, you know."

Morgan nodded. "Yeah, I know."

"He's wanted this for a long time."

"He sure has."

"Why don't you go over there and help him realize it's finally happening."

Morgan grinned wickedly and looked over at me. "Sure."

Amanda stepped back and Morgan stood from where she had been leaning. She came to me and almost attacked me; she threw her arms around me and kissed me forcefully, shoving her tongue into my mouth.

I hope she felt I responded appropriately; I met her kiss with passion enough in my own. I reached around and grabbed her ass, pulling her to me to grind my hardon into her crotch. Amanda had been right; until this moment, it really hadn't sunk in yet that we were really about to do this.

When we finally pried ourselves apart, Amanda was watching. I couldn't help notice her flush and her heavier breathing.

"Come on boys and girls," she said with a lingering once-over of each of us. "Let's go home and go to bed."

We live in a small apartment on the third floor at the back of our building; all the way up the stairs the ladies walked in front of me, arm in arm, both of them practically waving their asses in my face. I couldn't resist and gave each of them at least one healthy slap on the way up.

I lead the way into the apartment. The girls got comfy, sitting on the bed, while I went into the kitchen. Amanda and I had sprung for some champagne to kick off the evening. One to make it at least a little classy, and two because the alcohol would help to loosen us all up...though we didn't really appear to need that after all.

We all sat on the bed sipping at our champagne, chatting lightly and trading hungry glances and lingering looks at various body parts. I'm about 5'6", really long black hair (In a pontytail, that night), average build. I have dark brown eyes, glasses, and a goatee. I won't say my cock is big; about 6 or 7 inches (depending on how hot the wife gets me) but nice and thick.

After the second glass of champagne we were all feeling QUITE loose and put I took the bottle back to the kitchen. I returned to find the girls had decided to get things started; they were making out and feeling each other up when I returned to the room. I stood and watched, my cock coming to full attention in my pants as their tongues dueled and they squeezed and teased each other's tits.

They broke off the kiss and looked at me.

"Far too many clothes, don't you think, Morgan?"

"Oh, far too many. Want to do something about that?"

"Lets."

I could only grin at them as they came at me. Amanda undid my belt and had my pants down in a thrice. Morgan pulled my shirt over my head, pausing to admire my pierced nipples and admittedly hairy chest. Before I even could have protested, they'd stripped me nude. 

Amanda took my hand and guided me over to our computer chair, which she had moved to be beside the bed. She pushed me down into it.

"Hey, what are you doing?"

"Just wait and see. Wanna help me with this Morgan?"

Morgan squatted down on one side of the chair, Amanda on the other. They produced handkerchiefs from where I assume Amanda had planted them earlier; they bound my hands and feet to the chair. I was helpless.

The chair was facing the bed. I watched my gals climb in and get comfy.

"I don't think this is what he had in mind, do you?" Amanda asked Morgan as she lightly stroked Morgan's side.

"I don't think so, but I think he's going to enjoy himself anyway."

"Me too."

With that, they began to kiss. I licked my lips as I only could watch. I could feel my cock throbbing.

For awhile, they just lay there kissing. No tongue, just lightly pressing their lips together, lingering, teasing. Morgan lay on her back and Amanda on her side beside Morgan. Amanda's hands trailed up and down her body, lightly dragging her fingernails over any of Morgan's exposed skin.

Their kiss deepened. Amanda's hand slipped under Morgan's shirt, moving up to cup and squeeze her tit. She played with them one at a time for a few minutes before she stopped kissing Morgan and looked over at me.

"You were right, baby, she does have great tits." The unkindest cut of all, given the situation.

Morgan took opportunity of the pause to sit up and strip off her shirt. She had chosen a see-through black number for the evening. It looked great on her. Even from there I could see how hard her nipples already were.

Amanda followed suit. She had chosen more modestly, a simpler white number, but it really showed off her assets. The girls shifted around so they were both kneeling on the bed facing each other. Amanda leaned in and began to nibble at Morgan's neck, brushing her hair off her shoulder as she did so. Her hands came around and began to unsnap Morgan's bra.

They pulled away long enough for the bra to slide down Morgan's arms. I admired her tits from afar. Nice and round, but not too big to really get a good grab. Amanda quickly followed suit, exposing her nice big tits to my eyes as well. She had her left nippled pierced with a tiny gold ring.

Amanda leaned down and took Megan's nipple into her mouth. She gently tugged at it with her teeth, then flicked her tongue out, rapidly going back and forth over her's nipple. She sucked her nipple into her mouth, her hand coming up to tweak and tease the other. Morgan leaned her head back, her hair closing her eyes and languishing in Morgan's attentions, letting out the occasional soft intake of breath as Amanda alternated between her nipples.

She nibbled them, licked them, loudly sucked on them. After a few minutes of this Morgan pushed her away. She then proceeded to push Amanda back on the bed. Morgan pried Amanda's legs apart and crawled up between them. She stopped at her chest, slowly kissing her way around her tits.

She finally kissed her way to Amanda's nipples. She stopped and lightly licked at one for a few moments then lightly blew on it, causing it to crinkle down and harden further. She then flicked her tongue rapidly over the hard little nub. Amanda writhed around on the bed, rubbing her crotch up and down into Morgan's leg.

Morgan kissed her way over to her other breast, giving her other nipple equal attention, sucking it into her mouth and swirling her tongue around. After a few minutes she kissed her way down Amanda's tummy. She stopped when she came to her pants, sitting up and unsnapping them. Amanda lifted her ass off the bed as Morgan unzipped them and slipped them off. Amanda wore a sheer thong beneath.

Morgan tossed the pants aside and continued to kiss her way down Amanda's body. She planted kisses along the soft fabric of her panties until she came between Amanda's legs. She then made her way around her thighs, nibbling her soft flesh and illiciting soft moans.

She finally came to the center, slipping her tongue past the fabric that barely covered Amanda's pussy. She gently probed inside, grinning up at Amanda with her eyes.

Amanda pushed her away long enough to slip off her panties. She again lay back and reached down, tangling her fingers into Morgan's hair. She drew her head down to her clearly wet pussy.

Morgan brought her hands up and spread her lips apart, darting her tongue out to probe deeply into her. She lapped at her for a few moments, softly sometimes, others going from her hole all the way up to her clit, but always missing it at the last moment. 

She inserted a finger into her and began to fuck her in and out while she finally brought her tongue up to her clit. Amanda held tighter onto Morgan's hair, pulling it as she pressed her cunt up into Morgan's mouth.

I couldn't believe what I was seeing; here was my wife getting eaten out, with gusto, by my best friend. I couldn't remember the last time my cock had been harder. I squirmed in the seat, not even really bothering to struggle against the bonds as I was enjoying my show.

Morgan began to suck at Amanda's clit as she inserted another finger, fucking her faster as she did. Amanda began to softly moan out Morgan's name as her legs clenched and she began to cum. She tugged Morgan's head forcefully into her pussy but Morgan just grinned and licked harder as Amanda rode out her orgasm.

She finally collapsed back on the bed and began to catch her breath. She released Morgan's hair. Morgan sat back on her legs and grinned over at me.

"Did you enjoy watching me make your wife cum?"

"I sure did. Is it gonna be my turn soon or do you plan on torturing me all night?"

Morgan began to strip off her pants on the bed. 

Amanda laid back and looked over at me. "It'll be your turn in just a second, honey. Let your girl catch her breath and I'm sure she'd be more than happy to come give you some attention, wouldn't you?"

Morgan grinned and nodded. She slipped off the bed and knelt down in front of the chair. I was at just the right height for her to lean forward and take my cock into her mouth.

I leaned my head back and closed my eyes, but she just slowly slide down as far as she could before coming all the way back up. She took her mouth off and began to stroke me with one hand. I opened my eyes and looked down at her.

"Why'd you stop?"

"Well, I don't want you completely spent before you fuck me."

She leaned over before I could reply and licked my cock from the base to the tip, all the way up the back. I bit my lip and moaned softly.

She stood and began untying my bonds. I stood up as she finished the last of them. She joined me and I took her in my arms. We kissed as Amanda watched on, one hand absentmindedly tweaking one of her own nipples.

I reached down and squeezed Morgan's ass with my hands. She made approving noises in my mouth so I lightly slapped her ass a few times, getting approving grunts and groans each time. I began to fondle her tits as we broke the kiss and she worked her way down my neck with kisses, lightly biting and kissing my skin. She bent slightly and kissed my chest before biting and sucking it; she gave me quite a hickey.

"Something to remember the evening by for a few days."

"That is gonna be so hot to see when we fuck the next week" Amanda chimed in from the bed. I looked down to see she'd spread her legs and was lightly rubbing herself.

"Oh I'm sorry, I'm in the way!" she hopped up and sat down in the chair. "You take over from here Morgan, it's your turn."

Morgan did just that; she pushed me down on the bed. I scooted so I was lying properly in the middle; she straddled me, my hard cock getting pressed up against her steaming pussy. I brought my hands up and played with her tits some more, squeezing them, pinching her nipples. She bit her lip and closed her eyes, grinding her pussy down onto my cock.

"Mmm, that cock feels nice. Bet it'd feel nicer in me. You wanna fuck me?"

"Mmhmm." I had my hands on her hips, trying my best to maneuver her so I could slip my cock up into her.

"Well, I guess that would be okay.."

She lifted herself up slightly so my cock was pressing against her, ready to enter. She slowly moved down, the thick head of my cock spreading her pussy open wide as I entered her. We both gave a mutual groan of pleasure as she sank down to the base of my cock. She was just as tight as I remembered her being.

She reached down and began to tug on my nipple rings as we began to move. Since I got them pierced they've become light a light switch of pleasure to my cock; it just made me thrust up into her harder.

She ground her pussy down into me, my hands mauling her tits as I fucked her. I looked over and could see Amanda masturbating, watching as I fucked my friend.

Morgan grabbed my shoulders and rolled me over so I was on top of her.

"Come on, pound me...you've been waiting for this."

I didn't need any further instruction. I slid my cock into her and immediately went to work, my balls slapping against her ass as my I slammed into her pussy. Her hands went to my ass, squeezing it tight as I worked her twat. She started to run her hands up and down my back, her fingernails occasionally digging in and scratching flesh.

I was glad that night that our apartment had concrete walls behind the dry wall; we made quite a ruckus. The bed squeaked as our bodies came up and down on it. She gasped and called out my name as she squeezed my cock with each thrust. I was grunting away, my arms clasped tightly about her, holding her close as we fucked.

It didn't take long before I could feel my balls tightening. I let her know I was about to cum and she moaned and urged me on, slapping my ass, moaning "fuck me" in her ear. That sent me over the edge and I felt my cock began to spasm in her; I yelled and gritted my teeth as spurt after spurt made my body spasm with pleasure. After what seemed like an eternity I was finally spent and collapsed beside her.

Amanda got out of her chair and joined us, laying on my other side. I think she had managed to cum again while we were fucking.

"You know, Morgan hasn't cum yet...you mind if I do something about that babe?"

I grinned and looked at my sweaty, naked friend.

"I'd love to see that, how about you?"

"I'd love to feel it!"

We all laughed as Amanda worked her way between Morgan's legs. She went straight to work, lapping at her pussy, sliding a finger inside where moments ago my cock had been.

I watched my wife eat my friend for a few minutes, occasionally helping along by kissing Morgan deeply or suckling at her tits. After just a few minutes of Amanda focusing on Morgan's clit, sucking it into her mouth while she nibbled on it, Morgan tensed and came hard, her legs clamping around Amanda's head until she was spent.

We all finally collapsed back on the bed, collectively spent. We'd agreed to sleep there together, so I leaned over Morgan's nude body and flipped off the light. We lay there for a long time, talking about what we did, agreeing how hot it had been. We all got hot and bothered again and masturbated each other, taking turns stroking or fingering until we were happily satisfied again.

The girls alluded to another romp in the morning, this time both of them at once if I felt I could please two women at the same time.

I felt I was up to the challenge, but that's a whole story altogether.