 I rang the doorbell at the Terrell residence the Saturday after I had first fucked Rachel. We had done it numerous times since, each seemingly better than the last.

Allison swing open the door and greeted me excitedly. "Hey Robby! Are you ready to go to the beach?"

"Yep," I replied, though my mind was mainly on Rachel, "Where's Oliver?"

She said he was upstairs and she rushed to finish getting ready. Rachel then walked out of the kitchen and gave a me a seductive glance. The thoughts of our many sexual romps went back through my mind.

In the process Allison and Oliver had nearly caught us a couple of times. Since they were just upstairs, her comment "you too must have so little on because of the heat" with her eyes on my erection was enough acknowledgment. 

True enough, I only a pair of swimming trunks on while my shorts and T-Shirt were in my duffel bag.

It was very obvious she had dressed with me in mind. Her shorts were a little higher in the thigh and somewhat tighter than usual but not too bad. It was how she wore her blouse that got our attention

The sheer material erased any doubt she was braless and with 3 buttons undone it was purposeful. She gave me a seemingly innocent hug but it was for about 1/2 a minute. Shortly after breaking the hug Oliver came downstairs.

"Sup bro," he said as he highfived me, "you amped for today?"

"Of course I am," I replied, "all those ladies on the beach in skimpy bikinis."

"You got that right," Oliver said obliviously.

"Be appropriate," Rachel playfully warned though she could tell what I had said was directed toward her. The horn sounded outside as Ellie, Rachel's friend and the mother of Allison's friend Julia was outside.

Ellie was still braless with loose short shorts. Rachel followed my gaze to Ellie's G-cup rack and sensed the competition would begin early so she gave a gentle squeeze to my prick. Her shorts were mid thigh but were grasping at her buns. I then thanked my trunks for being so baggy or else I wouldn't have been able to walk.

It was Ellie letting her naturally superior body seduce me as if she was knowingly showing Rachel how to use her sensuality. The ride up was pretty uneventful with the sisters in the front seat and me in the back. 

Conversation varied from our plans when we got there to if we wanted to go see a movie. We had our duties set when we arrived as we done it so often. I immediately took off my shirt then started to unpack in the cabin Ellie had rented.

Rachel unpacked the cooler and prepared the kitchen for the week. Ellie opened windows, made the beds then did light housework. I finished unloading the car and was completely drenched in sweat when I walked into the cabin with four eyes on me. 

Ellie got me a glass of iced tea while Rachel got a towel and dried me off. Not letting herself go without touching me Ellie gave me a big hug under the guise of thanking me for my efforts. Her breasts seemed to move against my bare chest as she move around. Rachel smiled as if to say game on.

It was our tradition to go out for dinner the first evening there and we decided on the Blue Wave Tavern. A few heads turned as the women walked in showing forty something women can flaunt their bodies. 

They had the best bodies and showed the most of any pair of women in there. It was a time before the terms MILF and cougar were invented but most of the younger guys were checking them out.

It was either arousal or the air conditioning but both ladies had their nipples on full display. Ellie had bigger and firmer breasts but Rachel had much bigger nipples and it was obvious why both pick their respective tops.

When we got back to the cabin I was to shower 1st and Rachel presented me with a gift of new summer pajamas. I couldn't help but to get hard with Rachel watching me shower and she was soon on her knees, sucking me professionally.

The new outfit was perfect as the shorts showed the hard on I saved when I walked into the living room. The pair were finishing making up the couch bed against Rachel bedroom wall for me with both their asses sticking out. 

They gave me looks of approval and commented on how nice my "pajama" fit me. When Rachel finished her shower I was shocked she came out in a short and sheer baby blue nightgown that was her favorite to tease me at home. 

Her breasts were as visible as was the recently shaved dark hair between her legs and it caught Ellie's attention more than mine. As if she anticipated a teasing war Ellie came out of the shower wearing a Teddy that was light pink. 

We sat and watched TV, had snacks and I made no attempt to hide my never soft cock. Both women moved arms and legs to try to outdo the views they gave me. Their pendulous breasts although firm still hung halfway to their navels. 

During the course of the evening each found excuses to get up and show off the bodies and nightwear. Rachel won the prize for exhibitionism when she bent over to pickup a fallen chip and revealed her totally bare buns, making my cock nearly tear the new pants.

When it was time for bed Rachel gave me the 1st hug pulling my cock against her thighs. Next was Ellie. as she was more brazen positioning it on her full wetness. We all went to our respective beds with Rachel inches away from me on the other side of the wall. 

I tried to be quiet as I slowly played with myself and my fantasy drifted to each of them. When I heard soft moans in stereo could no longer hold back and had the best orgasm in my life. At almost the dame time each gave a loud sigh with an erie silence overcoming the cabin.

The next morning, after we had a quick visit to the beach, Ellie remembered that she had left her magazine at the cabin and Rachel had left her wallet.

As Oliver was in the water, Rachel told Allison and Julia to tell him we would be back soon. They then asked me to accompany them. To tell me what they really wanted, Ellie touched the boner in my trunks.

Upon arriving, Ellie turned and ferociously kissed me as she and Rachel yanked off my clothes. "Now the vacation really starts..." Rachel said with a smile as she slowly pulled down my underwear, my throbbing cock springing our for the sexy women.

"It's so huge..." Ellie said in awe, "c-can I touch it?"

"Sure," I replied, anxious to feel her hand on it. She grabbed it, a little too hard but it felt good. Her hand couldn't wrap around it completely but she began to stroke it slowly.

Ellie gave me a smoldering kiss while rubbing my prick up and down. The intensity of the kiss was getting hot and sweaty. My hands greedily groped her breasts. Her skinny 5'9" body dwarfed mine but it was beautiful. 

Her hands were pulling up my shirt and rubbing them all over my body. I snuck a peek at Rachel who was still across the room leaning against the wall. She was getting excited reaching under her shirt to squeeze and kneed her boobs while slowly rubbing her pussy. 

Moans were coming freely. Ellie was still stroking and squeezing my big cock. Any negative thoughts about them walking in on me disappeared.

"I say we move into the bedroom," Rachel moaned as she watched us. Rachel then grabbed my dick and began to drag me toward the bedroom. 

Due to my larger size, I directed her toward Ellie and grabbed her hand. Once connected, I let Rachel drag me and Ellie came along for the ride. When the three of us entered the bedroom, Ellie proceeded to strip naked. Rachel and I began ripping off out shirts and undergarments. 

I pinned Rachel against the wall kneading and sucking her huge breasts. Behind me, I hear Ellie moaning a desire to be part of the action. As Rachel was kissing my chest, I turned and told Ellie to get on her knees and work on my cock but I told her to get naked first. 

Ellie immediately removed her clothes and shimmied out of her shorts. My eyes feasted on her curvy body; hourglass figure, big and juicy ass, and her huge breasts, which seemed to defy gravity.

Ellie quickly got to her knees and began to jerk me off. I told her how to do it and she began to slow down, going in slow and soft circles. As it got bigger, Ellie's eyes grew wide with wonder at the site in front of her. 

She began to worry that it was too big for her mouth. I told her to start slow and work to increase the effort. I knew her desire would force her to perform as well as possible to not be "shown up" by her sister.

Rachel and I began having long tender kisses. During one of the micro-breaks between kisses, I said, "Rachel look at Ellie, she is nearly deep throating my fat cock." It obviously turned her on as I began to finger her.

Looking down at her, Rachel said, "Ellie, do you like sucking on Daddy's cock? Remember to look up into Daddy's eyes, while you suck his fat cock!" 

Rachel got into the dirty talk, "Come on slut rock that cock, you better take it entirely down your throat because I know I can. You don't want to be my bitch!" 

Ellie took her mouth off my cock and looked up at Rachel and I and said, "I'm going to take all of Daddy's cock or choke myself trying!" Ellie resumed sucking on my cock with gusto and all I can do is moan my approval.

I mentally regrouped because Rachel began to aggressively kissing me. I looked at Rachel and told her, "Ellie is working hard to be the #1 slut and you better be prepared to go the extra mile." 

She looked me in the eye and said, "Come on baby I want you to take my boobs and own them!" Her fat nipples were sticking it out like sexy pencil erasers and I began to suck

Ellie was doing an incredible job on my cock and I told her to show me she can take my entire cock down her throat. I told Rachel to watch it. 

Ellie took a couple deep breaths, put her hands on my ass and slammed her mouth over my cock. Any resistance was overcome by the force of her action. Suddenly, my cock felt the tightness of her throat. 

As she swallowed, the movement on my cock was indescribable. Initially all I could do was moan and leave my mouth open because of the incredible feelings on my cock. 

Rachel looking incredibly jealous said, "Let's move this to the bed." As difficult as it was, I grabbed Ellie's hair and pulled her off my cock. I forced her face up to mine and began kissing her. With one hand still in her hair, the other one began groping her breasts as we both moaned. 

After a good tongue lashing, I pulled her face away and said, "Daddy approves of your determination and you deserve a treat now!"

I told Rachel to lie on the bed (toward the bottom). Still holding her hair, I directed Ellie to spread her legs and bend over and place her hands on both sides of Rachel. 

My cock was still full erect and was turning purple from the strain. I said, "Ellie since you were able to take my entire cock, I will fuck you first!" 

I grabbed my cock at the base and run it up and down Ellie's slit. It was sopping wet and eager to accept my pole. I pushed in about 3 inches and the entry was fairly easy because she was so wet. 

Ellie's cunt squeezed my cock in a death grip. I asked her, "Are you a virgin? I've never felt a pussy so tight before!" 

She turned around and said, "No Daddy, your cock is just so huge!" I immediately think that Ellie needs to do something else to increase her experience. 

I tell her, "Ellie, I want you to start sucking Rachel's tits and you better get her excited or I might have to stop fucking your pussy.

You wouldn't want me to stop?" She screams "OH No!" Ellie begins to crazily squeezing and licking Rachel's tits! 

Almost immediately, Rachel is moaning loudly. Knowing that both are deeply occupied, I concentrate on my cock and the incredibly feelings experienced through my cock. 

I start to stroke my cock in and out of her pussy. I feel her pussy loosening a little allowing my greater access to the depths of her pussy. After 20 minutes of cock work, I'm finally feeling a real obstacle in her pussy. 

I pull my cock almost all the way out (leaving the head inside) and I pile drive my cock into her. Ellie takes her mouth off Rachel's breasts and screams, "You hit my cervix! No one has ever been this deep in me. Do it harder Daddy! You're where Johnny has never even reached!!"

I tell her "Get back to Rachel." I continued to pull out and forcefully push it into her. She felt so incredible, tight and wet. I looked down at Rachel and she is looking at me and mouths the words, "What about me?" 

A new idea came to my head. "Ellie, I want you stop working on Rachel's breasts and begin licking her pussy! Rachel needs more stimulation!" 

"Fuck yes!" Ellie cried as I kept fucking her pussy.

"Don't worry Ellie. Your biggest concern will be to make Rachel to orgasm."

Rachel got up and began riding her sister's face, getting me even harder with the full view of her ass. Ellie' cunt was soft like velvet, welcoming me inside but acted as if it didn't want to let go.

I picked up speed, fucking away as she screamed into her sister's pussy. "Oh fuck yes!" Rachel moaned as she began to cu, along with Ellie, her pussy pulsing around my cock.

The two fell beside each other and began kissing while playing with each other's tits. 

"Look sis," Ellie said in exhaustion, "he's still hard."

Rachel licked her lips and began to suck gingerly on my head until I began to furiously fuck her face, slamming her forehead into my crotch. Her eyes watered as I picked up speed, watching her boobs bounce wildly.

Once I released her, she pulled with a load gasp.

"Lay back on the bed baby," she said to which I complied, beginning to kiss Ellie as she rubbed my chest. I then felt as Rachel slid her petite form onto my cock and I began to feel up her tits.

"Fuck!" Rachel cried out, "It's so fucking gigantic!!" She began to bounce rapidly as I spanked her ass and Ellie sucked her bouncing tits. "Oh shit! Oh fuck!!" 

She cried louder as her twin sister bit, pulled and pinched her tits. "Oh god! Yes daddy! Fuck me!!!" Her speed accelerated as her ass slammed into my thighs. She screamed to the heavens as she began to cum, spraying my crotch and stomach.

Ellie then licked me clean, sucking me to full length and I felt the churning in my balls. I hurriedly pushed Ellie back and plunged into her, making her scream as she held onto the bed edge.

"Take it little sister!" Rachel encouraged, "doesn't it feel good to have his strong manhood pounding into you!"

"Yes! It's so fucking good!!" She wrapped her legs around me, crying out with each contact. I grunted as my orgasm began to close in and I fucked her ever faster.

Rachel leaned to suck on Ellie' tits and she cried out. "Holy fuck! I'm cumming!!" I began thrusting faster, driving in brutally as Ellie squirted onto my balls. My cock twitched and gave my load generously into her tight twat.

"Yes!" Ellie screamed as she pulled me down to kiss me. We yelled it each other's mouths as she pulled me deeper into her, ensuring not a drop missed its target.

In another session, I drained my balls into Rachel. I came at least 12 shots into her, my cock finally going flaccid. 

"Well Rachel," Ellie said as I sat in between them while Rachel sucked me off, "I think Robby will be spending a lot of time at my house at my house as well."

Rachel groaned in agreement as she continued to blow me off. Ellie kissed me warmly as I fondled her gigantic tits.

Damn, life is good!