 Rachel moaned softly as I massaged her shoulders out by our pool. Her sexy black bra was undone and under her while I solely wore some swim trunks.

"It's been so long since I had a massage..." she laughed as I oiled her back.

"Well you deserve it," I said as I oiled her huge boobs, "Best Rachel Ever."

Rachel giggled as I oiled and spanked her ass, my cock pushing crudely against the front of my trunks. I then did her sexy smooth legs and feet. However, I couldn't help but go back to her ass, groping the juicy hams before slipping a finger inside.

"That feels so fucking good," she gasped, "a little deeper honey..."

I intensified my probing as Rachel began to moan louder. "Your turn Robby." 

I pulled out my finger and she turned over and smiled. "I can't have my baby taking care of me without me returning the favor."

She squirted some oil between her tits as she leaned forward and pulled down my trunks, my shaft nearly slapping her in the face. I looked over her further expanding boobs, even larger with her most recent pregnancy.

I was completely rigid, my head dripping precum into her cleavage. "Oooh..." Rachel cooed as she gave it a lick, "you naughty boy. Getting hard to your mother while you're massaging her."

She grabbed it and began to oil my balls before giving a lick to my head. She then began to suck my balls deeply, making me moan as I reached to grope her big and shining boobs.

My hands squeezed and rubbed the soft orbs before moving to tweak and pinch her hard nipples. Rachel's hot mouth enveloped my cock, slowly sucking it as her boobs swayed slowly.

I felt the urge to cum as she looked up at me, her mouth performing wonders. I lay my head back and prepared to let go when a loud scream pierced the air.

"Isn't that Mom?" I asked Rachel hearing her cry out.

"I believe so," Rachel said as she continued to jerk me off.

I looked up and my heart stopped. Mom stood there, her finger outstretched with a look of untold shock on her face.

"Rachel?!" she screamed, "ROBERT?!?!"

Rachel removed my swollen and throbbing member at her entrance. "Okay Sylvia," She said calmly, "let's be civil."

"Civil my ass!" Mom yelled angrily, the first time I had ever heard her curse, "I wouldn't call it civil with my son's cock down your throat!"

"Don't act like you didn't know," Rachel replied, "I just happen to casually call and invite Robby over even when Oliver isn't there?"

Mom appeared flustered and I noticed her gaze was no longer on Rachel. But on my dick, getting harder as I watched her. "I even remember you telling me about how you watched him shower. Ever since John left."

"Is that true Mom?"

"I... well... THAT'S BESIDES THE POINT!!!" Mom screamed as if trying to shut out our voices.

"How about you come join us Syl?" Rachel asked, "look at this gigantic cock. It needs the attention only a mother can give."

She slowly looked around, watching Rachel continue to suck me off. She then walked over, taking in our fast-paced affair.

"Oh my," Mom replied as she rubbed herself in pace with us, "Robby... certainly has... um... grown." She then turned to look at my full balls hammering against Rachel's ass.

"Don't be embarrassed Sylvia," Rachel said as she watched her reaction, "its common to want to watch your son. Some also love to their son's 14 inches."

"14 inches?!" Mom retorted, "That's impossible..."

Her ability to speak went away as I pulled out of Rachel's mouth, sending her into another violent orgasm as I slowly removed my cock for effect. I was getting even bigger. And Mom was noticing.

"Would you like some of it?" I asked, knowing she couldn't resist.

I could see she was getting turned on even more and I slowly shook my prick and forth watching her eyes follow every move. I ordered her on her knees and she complied as Rachel watched. 

Mom then began to suck, her tongue twirling around the head. The sudden feeling of her tight throat almost unbearable but I began to move with her, my balls soon connecting with her chin.

She began to gag and she pulled off, flexing her sore jaw. "I can't believe you are so gigantic!" Mom exclaimed as I looked at her nearly exposed tits.

"Show me those," I ordered Mom, still focusing on my powerful cock above her head.

As if in a trance, she unclasped the red bra and let the juicy wonders spill out. I began to paw and suck them, making her moan.

"Robby is just fascinated with the female body," Rachel said to her, "he just loves all of our sizes and shapes.

Mom's eyes popped open and looked at Rachel. "Don't be surprised honey, I know that look. I used to wear it all the time before I discovered that boy's special talent."

Mom's hands hadn't left my prick, pressed against her stomach with precum dripping onto her navel. Her tits were hard as wood as I continued to suck them, the scented orbs getting me harder and harder.

"Oh fuck!" Mom cried as I sank my teeth into one engorged nipple, "he feels so good!!"

"Yes he does..." Rachel said with a smile as she rubbed her pregnant belly. Mom had me stand as she began to suck my balls, one more than filling her mouth. She then licked up the length of my shaft before smothering it in kisses.

"Lose the pants," I growled as she looked up me and she immediately consented, practically ripping them off in her hurry. I then stood and kissed her neck while mauling her firm ass, making her moan louder as my prick pushed against her panties, the rough cotton feeling spectacular as it rubbed against the head.

I yanked them down, tearing them from her sexy body, her wet displayed prominently. Rachel nodded at me as she massaged the oil into Mom's tits.

At the same time, I pushed into her slowly, making her yell out as she tightened her grip on the pool chair. "Good god! His head feels as big as my fist!"

"Get ready," Rachel chuckled, "he's going to spread you even wider!"

Clenching her teeth, she spread her legs to take 7 inches before beginning to cum. "He's already farther than Douglas has ever gone!" I slid in the rest in one long thrust and began fucking her immediately.

Her tits bounced madly under my ruthless force. "Take it Sylvia!" Rachel shouted, "Feel that massive cock pulsing inside of you!!"

I began to thrust even faster, hammering her tight twat. "Yes Robby!" Mom grunted as I sped up, "Faster! I can feel you in my guts!!" To avoid cumming too soon, I switched my attention to her luscious breasts, squeezing and playing with them, kissing the beautiful nipples.

"Does she feel good wrapped around your cock honey?" Rachel asked.

"Yes Rachel," I replied as our bodily contact became even louder, "You feel so fucking good Mom!" 

I began slapping Mom's fleshy orbs around and digging my fingers into her ass.

"Be a little more gentle Robby," Mom begged, "I've never had it this rough!"

"Nonsense!" Rachel spat, "do whatever you want Robby. She won't leave until you're finally done with her." Mom's eyes filled with fear. But I could see the excitement in them as well.

"Fuck Mom!" I shouted as I dug my fingers into her soft boobs, "you're squeezing my cock!" She began to moan as Rachel watched us with glee.

Mom didn't respond, panting for breath as I went deeper than she ever imagined. "God! I'm cumming!!" Mom screamed as her juices sprayed over my cock and chest but I didn't let up, firmly gripping the creaking chair and going even faster.

She kept crying and cumming, the walls of her long neglected love canal clenching my prick for all it had. Her juices sprayed all over my crotch and her thighs but I didn't slow down, pulling her towards me as our hips met with loud claps.

"Yes! Push that gigantic cock into me!!" Mom screamed as she pinched her own nipples. My breathing became ragged. I could never remember someone being so tight.

"Doesn't it feel so right?" Rachel asked her, "The way your pussy just expands to make room?"

"Oh fuck... it feels perfect." Mom groaned as I went faster, my cum ready to deploy. She raised her legs to let me go deeper, her boobs flailing in each direction.

It felt great fucking her, Rachel's eyes following my manhood as I ravished her friend, giving her the strongest orgasms of her life. She loved the missionary style as I plunged my face between her tits, deeply inhaling the perfumed and sweaty aroma.

"Fuck me. Oh yes. Fuck me baby. Deeper and deeper!" Mom pleaded through gritted teeth. My balls felt even heavier and I knew I couldn't last much longer.

"Yes! Fuck! You're going to make me cum again Robby!!!" Mom screamed as she threw her hips toward me. She then wrapped her arms around my neck and her legs around my waist, meeting each thrust I made.

"Cum Sylvia's," Rachel whispered, "cum for Robby's wondrous and beautiful cock! Show him how much you love him!" Mom screamed like a banshee as she came, squirting with amazing velocity.

"Tell me how it feels Sylvia," Rachel asked, "Give me every detail."

"Holy fuck, it's indescribable!" Mom cried as I continued to ram her with all the energy I had. "It's so fucking deep! He's hitting my cervix!! Oh shit! He's in my fucking womb!!"

"He's going to cum inside you Sylvia," Rachel said, loving her reaction, "you must take every last drop."

"Yes!" Mom yelled, "I need to feel his load inside me!!"

She began to frantically rub her clit in pace with me, her screams and moans becoming even louder. My hips slammed to her soft ass, my release zooming in fast.

I could feel my head battering her womb with every hard thrust as Rachel lovingly rubbed my arm to encourage me to keep going. "That's right," Rachel softly said to her, "you need his cock don't you?"

"Yes!" Mom screamed as she looked deeply into my eyes, "I'd absolutely die without it! I've been without it for so long!"

I grunted as my balls tensed, her walls seemingly trying to break me off inside of her. "Give in Mom," Rachel said, "accept the miracle that Robby and his glorious cock is."

Rachel nodded as I yelled out loudly. 

"FUUUUUCK!!!!"

My balls exploded, whitewashing Mom's insides with my seed. I kept cumin, driving faster as my balls drained their immense storage. My cock pushed into her deepest regions, pumping my cum straight into her womb, filling her with children.

I finally fell back, my cock exiting her with a wet plop as she lay panting in a puddle of our mixed juices. I felt Rachel's mouth again wrapped around my pole, getting me hard again.

My prick soon opened fire again, coating Rachel's face and boobs in thick gooey chunks. "That was so beautiful," Rachel said with a voice that sounded like she was crying from the sight of seeing us joined.

Mom got up and began to lick off the cum I had fired on Rachel while each of them jerked me off. "That's a good girl," Rachel said softly, "you liked that didn't you?"

"I fucking loved it," Mom said with a large smile as she began to jerk me off, "what do say we go home and do it again baby?"

"I'd love it," I replied and we walked hand in hand back home as Rachel waved and smiled at her handiwork.

When we arrived home, I instantly began sucking her hard tits filling my mouth. Hearing her moans, I sucked harder while rubbing her pussy.

"Yes..." she moaned as she traced her fingers around my knob, "you like sucking my big tits baby?"

"Mmm-hmm..." I groaned around the hard nipple while reaching to squeeze the other soft boob.

Pushing me back, Mom swiftly took my cock down her throat. I groaned in strong pleasure as her head bobbed rapidly up and down. I then began to spank and grope her ass and she moaned around my prick.

I moved her head faster as she began to gag, her squirting boobs slapping against my thigh as she played with my balls. "Fuck I love your cock Robby," she growled as she pulled up, "I've got to feel it inside me."

She lay back and I sniffed the arousal from her pussy. Without warning, I inserted my tongue, making her moan in pleasure. 

"David never went down on me," she said as she gripped my scalp tightly, "fuck, it feels so good!"

I licked all over her sweet pussy as I felt her body stiffen, Momscreaming in her hard orgasm. 

"Yes!!" she cried as she began spraying her juices into my mouth. Her legs shook as she pulled me deeper into her warmth depths until finally her grip subsided and she lay back, breathing heavily.

"Good heavens that was great," she panted before she reached to jerk me off, "but it looks like you still want to have some fun." She stood, her boobs bouncing slightly and held her hand out to me.

We kissed all over one another as we walked upstairs to her bedroom and my cock twitched as I saw her brightly painted king size bed. I turned and we began to kiss passionately, feeling and groping one another. 

I kissed from her mouth to her neck, her neck to her shoulders and her shoulders to her tits, licking and sucking them, circling them with my tongue. I then grabbed her ass and flung her onto the bed.

She smiled with lust as I crawled over her, kissing her furiously as I squeezed her huge breasts. I began to suck them again as she moaned at my touch. I began to finger her, my finger sliding easily into her wetness.

She then moaned before I began sucking on her tits once again, lightly biting her tits. I marveled at their warmth and size before she flipped us over, dangling her knockers over my face. 

She looked deeply into my eyes as she swiftly jerked me off, making me moan as my head hit the wall. She slapped my swollen before sucking on both of them. It was a simple miracle I didn't blow my load then.

"Oh! Fuck!" I shouted as she wrapped her mouth around my cock and began to fuck her own throat. As she reached the base, her tongue snaked out and again began to play with my balls.

She looked up at me with her beautiful eyes and picked up speed, slurping loudly. She continued to fondle my balls as her red lips tightened around my prick. 

She pulled up and smiled down at me as she continued to stroke me. 

"Ready baby?" she asked.

"Absolutely," I said as I cupped her boobs and she slid my cock into her and she gasped as I spread her pussy open. She gasped as I went balls deep and she began to ride at a fast pace.

I held her hips as she got further into it and kissed me.

"This cock is the best one I've ever felt Robby." She began to ride faster as I continued to suck her warm tits, listening to her ass clap against my thighs. I kissed up and down her cleavage as I flicked my tongue against her nipples, making her moan louder and she rolled her hips in slow circles.

"God!" Momscreamed as she went even faster, "this is the best fuck I've ever had!!" She lay her head back and bounced madly, letting me feel and squeeze her.

My cock pulsed inside her as she moaned from my getting harder. I lay in awe at her strong sexual need, watching her udders bounce wildly above me. She cried out and dug her nails into my chest as I smacked her ass.

I grunted as her cunt tightened hard and I looked into her face, full of lust and bliss. "Oh fuck!" She screamed, "I'm cumming!! I'm cumming on your fat beautiful cock!!!"

"Do you like it?" I taunted her, pinching hard onto her tits.

"Yes! God, I love it so much!!" She leaned to allow her boobs to close over my face and I sucked them deeply, drinking deeply before pulling them as far as I could watching ricochet back to her boob, covered in my saliva. 

She began riding again, the two of us kissing passionately as she rode me furiously, throwing her down to my balls. Our hard fucking sounds and moans filled the room as I kept squeezing her ass, her sexy eyes locked on mine.

"Oh god," Momgasped as I felt my head tearing into her womb, "I never want this to end. I've never had sex as good as this."

I wanted to agree but she put her boob into my mouth again and I became occupied in sucking it as she slammed nonstop into my base.

"YEEEEEEEESSSSSS!!!!!" Momscreamed as she began squirting onto my shaft. I flipped her over again and kissed her before beginning to slam into her cunt.

"Oh god yes!" she cried as she dug her nails into my shoulder, "fuck me!!!!!"

"You feel so good Selena!" I shouted as I spread her legs and watched my cock slide with ease into her with full force. 

"So do you Robby," she gasped while staring at me, "Just... please... don't... ever... stop!"

I grunted with each hit, Mom begging for more. I pulled almost completely out before slamming back into her making her scream with joy as she arched her back.

"Yes Robby! Just like that!" she screamed as she wrapped her legs around me. I yelled out as her pussy squeezed my cock hard but I maintained my speed.

My cock was nearly numb with pleasure as she pushed her lips to mine but I persevered, watching her sexy body shiver and writhe in ecstasy. "Shit!!" she screamed to the heavens as another orgasm took over her making her cry out and claw the bed.

I further stimulated her orgasm, unrelenting in my thrusts as she held onto my chest, shaking wildly. "Tell me you love it Robby!" she begged, "Please tell me you love it!!"

"It's incredible," I shouted back as my balls pounded furiously against her ass, "I love you, your body and your juicy ass. And fuck, these tits are amazing!"

I reached to take a handful of the soft melons and leaned to suck them as she moaned louder, moving her fingers through my hair. She began moving back toward me, moaning my name.

"Oh fuck!" she screamed out, moving her legs onto my shoulders, "I love feeling your strong hands on me!" The hard pounds of my balls on her ass intensified, both of us crying out loudly.

I looked down upon her pained yet blissful expression and began to fuck her harder. "Take it!" I ordered as I pinched her tits, "can you handle it?!"

"Fuck yes!" she answered, "harder! Good god, give it to me harder!!"

She reached around my head and pulled my face to hers, kissing me hard as I groped her.

I groaned, feeling my balls begin to tighten but I held out, fucking deeper wit each powerful thrust. Wanting the awesome fuck to last longer, I managed to alternate my thrusts to hold back before I was able to go as fast as before. 

She pulled my face into her breasts, letting me suck as I fucked her like mad, grunting deeply as my hips slammed into hers. "Come on Robby!" she taunted, "give it me you hung sex god!!! Feel how my pussy needs your strong young cock!!"

I spread her legs wider and lay my head back to avoid her sexy gaze but each thrust just seemed to bring me closer to climax. 

"Oh god!" Mom screamed as she began to cum again, "I've never... had... a... cock so... FUCKING HUGE!!!! It's tearing apart my insides!!" 

With the encouragement, I picked up speed, watching her boobs bounce furiously under my assault. I began to squeeze them like stress balls, hoping to alleviate my orgasm.

I watched as she licked her fingers and circled each tit while looking directly at me. She then brought one hard tit to her mouth and began to suck it as she groped and massaged the other, rubbing her fingers over my knuckles. 

She was trying to get me to release but I held out though it was increasingly difficult. She ran her hands slowly up my drenched chest.

"Do it Robby," she whispered while reaching to play with my balls, "Cum in me. We can do it again. I want to do this again. I want you to fuck me forever. Fill my pussy with that hot seed."

Her words were taking over my mind. I finally began thrusting rapidly making her cry in pleasure. Passion, lust and anger were flowing through my veins, prompting me to hold out.

The sound of my balls hitting her ass became louder, meshing with our moans. I could never remember fucking anyone this hard. Not even Mom. I leaned to bite and suck her tits, making her moan even louder.

She kissed me tenderly and licked across my chest. The feeling stimulated every nerve I had as I pounded her deeper. "Yes! Fuck me like a dirty good-for-nothing slut! Make my pussy beg for mercy! Fuck me harder daddy!"
