 Much props to Dean (dmarqt2000) for helping with this chapter and many others.

*

Opening my eyes, I was lying in bed, which reeked of sweat and sex with dried cum everywhere. Mom wasn't in the room. Not feeling fresh, I decided to take a shower before Mom wanted another round of sex. 

Entering the master bath, I began showering off the layers of sweat and sex. The door opened and my mother entered with the biggest smile and said, "Starting without me?" 

"I'm ready for more," I said, "Let's clean off the sex from our bodies before we begin again." We spent a long time slowly and sensuously soaping and rinsing off each other. As time went on, our arousal was apparent through our outward indications (my cock was fully engorged, her nipples were hard and pussy was dripping wet. 

I groaned as Mom was soon deepthroating me in the shower, her wet hair hanging over her firm tits as her face slammed into my crotch. She pulled me out and slammed my swollen cock head against her tits.

"Are you any closer baby?" she asked desperately. I shook my head and she again took me down, making me moan louder as she sucked me off. I blew my load down her throat and onto her face.

Finally, we were in her bedroom, Mom's tits bouncing as I gripped her ass, my balls beginning to churn. As I was forcing my cock deeper into her heavenly treasure, my mother's breast movements were hypnotising me, which delayed my impending release.

"Yes Robby!!" Mom screamed, "cum inside me, claim my pussy as yours!!!"

Upon these words, I erupted, blasting my seed into her cunt. As we came down from our sexual highs, she then looked at the clock, seeing it was 10:35. 

"Well, I have missed work thanks to you." she said, "and you have missed school. Do you know what this makes us?"

"Irresponsible?" I asked.

"What? No! A mother and son who are going to fuck all day and we have abandoned our other responsibilities."

I smiled and kissed her before we pulled the covers over us and did just that.

Around 6 pm, the bedside phone rang and mother picked it up. "Hi Rachel! Thank you for helping with Robby. No, Robby can't come over because I know Oliver is not there on Saturday."

She said. Even though it was through the phone receiver, I could hear Rachel saying, "You BITCH!!! Do not monopolize Robby for yourself!" 

Putting the phone on mute, I told Mom, that I'm going to visit Rachel tomorrow. Besides, without Rachel this would never have happened.

Her face temporarily showed shock but she realized that our relationship is not the only one. She smiled and kissed me softly and informed Rachel of my decision.

******

The next morning, I went over to Oliver's house, found Rachel in the kitchen. I wrapped my arms around her waist, rubbing her pregnant belly. My male ego and manhood increased knowing I'm the father of the life growing inside her. 

"Hello Robby," Rachel greeted me briefly but then she moved away. "Allie is still here", she whispered. 

I groaned my disappointment. "What story did you tell her about my visit, especially with Oliver not being here," I inquired. 

Allie came downstairs wearing a string bikini that barely left anything concealed and saw us in the kitchen. "Hi Mom and Robby. Why is he here? Oliver is visiting Dad."

Allie questioned. Rachel quickly responded, "He is helping me with some yard work. Unless you would like be his substitute?" 

Allie quick response was typical, "No Mom, I have plans to swim and tan with Julia at Ellie's house." 

"When can I expect your return? Should I plan for you at dinner?" Rachel inquired. 

"Some time tonight, after dinner" Allie replied. 

"Well, have fun baby" Rachel said as Allie left. 

As the door closed, I stared deeply at Rachel with a big shit-eating grin on my face. When I heard the door latch, I bolted to Rachel and wrapped my arms around her newly expanded waist and began kissing her. 

She pulled away. "Don't worry Robby," Rachel whispered softly, "we have plenty of time together soon enough." 

I responded, "OK but I'm only waiting a few minutes for her to get away from home. Then I'm ravaging your body."

I stepped back but stared at Rachel. She saw the raw lust in my eyes. I saw her with her larger breasts and pregnant belly and it only made me more insane with passion. Rachel fuelled my lust by gently stroking her pregnant midriff and pinched an erect nipple. 

"Before we begin honey, I want to say, be careful stoking my lust. I do not want to hurt you and our unborn child" I warned. 

She responded, "I'm not worried because I know that through everything, you will treat me as a slut but not hurt our child."

I closed the gap between us and began kissing her passionately. Rachel began stripping off my clothes and I untied her robe and dropped it on the floor next to my clothes. I moved us toward the kitchen table and bent her over it.

"It's time to reclaim my woman. Are you ready for Daddy?" I growl.

"Yes Daddy. Momma is ready for her man to claim his property!" Rachel hissed.

I slowly and steadily slid my 14" cock into her warm and very wet pussy. 

"Daddy's home" I groaned. When I bottomed out, I stopped to relish the incredible feelings being perceived through my cock. I began to piston in and out of her pussy and began developing a nice rhythm. The sounds emanating from Rachel told me she was enjoying it as much as I was.

"Harder Daddy! I need it harder, faster and deeper!" Rachel screamed.

I increased the speed and aggressiveness of my fucking. Grabbing a hold of her hips, the slapping of flesh became louder and more pronounced. 

As Rachel's sounds became erotic and louder, I used one hand to gently stroke her pregnant belly, which elicited a loud purr from her. The other hand reached up and began tweaking her erect nipples, which elicited a shriek.

"Who owns this pussy? Who is the man who made you pregnant? Am I man enough for you?" I screamed. 

"Yes Daddy! You are the MAN, baby! You are the father of our baby! You are more man than anyone I've ever met. You knocked me up on our first encounter. You are the ultimate man!" she declared.

I wrapped her hair around my hand and gently pulled. As she arched her back and began to impale herself on my steel rod, we were completely driven into a frenzy. 

Suddenly, Rachel screamed, "I'm cumming Daddy! I'm yours forever!" Her clenching pussy drove me over the edge. "I cumming too! Take my load woman. You are mine!" I screamed. 

We both screamed and groaned as our orgasms elevated and declined. Before I completely recovered, I said "I love you Momma!

"I love you too Daddy!" was her response, holding hands and keeping intimate skin to skin contact.

We spent several minutes bent over the table breathing heavily. I rubbed her pregnant belly and encountered Rachel's hand. We intertwined our fingers and jointly rubbed together. Rachel purred softly with her motherhood.

Eventually, we both stood up and began passionately kissing. "Shall we go to our bedroom?" She purred. 

"Our bedroom?" I questioned. 

"The only person sleeping in there besides me is you Daddy" she said with a smile. I then picked her up and began walking toward our bedroom. 

She put her arm around my waist and placed her head on my chest. I wrapped my arm around her waist and with her intertwined fingers stroked her pregnancy.

We closed the door and proceeded to have a sexual marathon together. I was surprised at her stamina considering her condition. Unfortunately, after 4 hours of non-stop vigorous sex, she gave out and fell into a deep slumber. 

After an hour, we awoke and decided to take a shower to clean up. We used this opportunity for a little anal sex in the shower. When we returned to our bedroom, the door was left cracked open. We began another lengthy sex session.

******

Unfortunately, Allie returned home early from her pool party. Her initial greeting (after she entered the house) was not heard through our vigorous lovemaking. 

She was about to repeat her greeting when she heard the unmistakable sounds of sex. Initially she was curious about who it could be because her mother has played coy about who the father of her child. Camped outside the door, she learned more than she expected.

"Yes Robby! Drive your perfect cock into your slut's pussy! Prove to me why you are the father of our child! Split my pussy in half Daddy!" screeched Rachel. 

Allie was floored by her mother's inadvertent confession. She wondered how her mother could be screwing Robby who was Oliver's best friend. He was strong and tall but she had never developed any sexual feelings for him. 

As she was contemplating her current plight, her ears were filled with X rated language from Robby & her mother. Without realizing it, the language was turning her on. She felt her nipples were hardening and her pussy was becoming moist.

Eventually, her curiosity got the better of her. She slowly opened the door to look in. Her gaze saw her naked pregnant mother on all fours getting aggressively fucked by Robby "doggystyle". 

She saw her mother's large and firm pregnant breasts and belly shaking from the strong powerful strokes from Robby. Allie noted that Robby was stroking Mom's pregnant belly. It was both erotic and romantic.

"Do you like my big cock filling your slut ass?" Who is your daddy? Who is the father of your child?" Robby screamed at her. 

"You are Daddy. You are our child's Daddy!" Rachel shrieked.

Suddenly, Allie noticed that Robby turned his head toward the door.

******

Our eyes met and Allie saw the lust in my eyes. Allie was beginning to leave when I began to remove my cock from Rachel's ass. Allie mouth dropped as she watched my massive cock exit her mother's body. It was clear she had never seen one that big (not even in porn). The cock was wet with her mother's sexual juices. Without realizing it, Allie licked her lips.

I slowly re-sheathed my cock inside Rachel's pussy. As we began to restart the sex session, Allie stopped leaving and her eyes were glued to the erotic scene. I noticed Allie began to squeeze her large breasts. This action was easier in her tiny bikini.

They were not as large as her mother's (especially now pregnant) but Allie had E cup breasts. On her 18 year old body, they seemed to float high and seemed to defy gravity. I then saw her reach down and was playing with her pussy.

Our eyes met again and I motioned to Allie to leave the room (as I announced that I was about to cum). Rachel reached her climax (loudly). Allie must have waited outside the door for our climax. I envisioned her silently cumming outside the door.

This even seemed to make me cum harder, blasting Rachel full of my seed as I gripped her boobs tightly. After we regained our breathing, Allie yelled for her mother, having gone back to the front door. Rachel was shaken terribly by her announcement. 

She quickly got up and put on some clothes, spraying perfume to cover the odor of her recent sexual marathon. She told me to change the sheets and take a shower while she greeted her daughter. 

******

Rachel descended the stairs and greeted her daughter.

"Where's Robby?" inquired Allie (knowing full well what had happened.) 

"He's taking a shower. The yard work got him sweaty." Rachel replied.

'Sure he got sweaty from yard work. More like from tilling your garden' Allie thought. 

"Allie did you get too much sun? You look flush." Rachel asked.

"Really? Maybe you are right. I need to go to my room and rest." Rachel smiled and headed into the kitchen to finish cooking.

I was leaving the bathroom fully clothed as Allie neared her room.

"Allie, please do not say anything to your mother about earlier. She does not need the stress in her condition." I asked. 

"Right now, I need to go to my room and ponder this arrangement in this house." Allie responded. 

"That's fair. If you want to talk about it, just let me know." I comforted her. Allie disappeared into her room with a wink.

I descended the stairs and met Rachel in the kitchen. We cautiously kissed. I told her to take a shower and get some rest. I'll also order and pay for a pizza for you & Allie. Tell her about the delivery in case you are fast asleep. 

"Yes Daddy" she whispered. I quickly kissed told her I love her and left.

On my way home, I was wondering about Allie, 'What is she thinking about now?" 

******

In Allie's room, she lay on her bed, replaying the scene through her mind. Robby's hot body above her mother's and filling her with his massive dick.

She thought, 'Mom certainly enjoyed Robby's big cock. I wonder what sensations it included. Could I take that massive cock in my tiny pussy? It was so long and thick and his cum was potent because Mom's pregnancy proved. Mom's attitude has never been better since becoming pregnant (which according to their sex talk occurred during their first session).' 

Allie lay on her bed contemplating these thoughts and others. Instinctively, she began touching herself. Suddenly, she realized her actions and was shaken up.

'Am I really developing lust for my brother's friend?'

******

I did not hear anything from Allie for several days after the revelation of my affair with her mother. Friday, I received a text from Rachel asking me to meet her at Ellie's house at 1 pm and bring my swimsuit. My return text read 'What about Oliver?' 

The reply read 'He's on a college visit with his father.' 

'Great I'll be there for suntan lotion duty' was my final text.

Much to my mother's consternation, I arrived at Ellie's house at the designated time. As I walked to the door, I saw Ellie's and Allie's car but not Rachel's car. With a little nervousness, I knocked on the door and Ellie answered, her gigantic and firm bust greeting me first.

"Hi Robby! I'm surprised to see you. Why are you here?" questioned Ellie. 

As I walked inside, I told Ellie I was invited by Rachel. "Well she's not here" was Ellie's response.

Suddenly, Allie and Julia entered the room and stated, "I sent the text from Mom's phone. We invited him."

"What are you girls up to?" inquired Ellie. 

"It's a slightly private matter Mom," replied Julia.

"Ok, I won't ask too many questions. You are adults and able to handle adult situations but I need to talk to Robby first. Go out back and sit by the pool. I'll send him out when I finished talking to him." said Ellie.

Ellie and I moved into her bedroom and began to kiss passionately. Our hands were roaming over each other's body. Finally, she separated from me and stared deeply into my eyes (as she was trying to regulate her breathing).

"Robby, we need to talk. I have something important you need to know. I'm pregnant with your child. I'm about two months along." Ellie reported shyly. 

I couldn't contain myself and I drew her into bear hug. We kissed and stared into each other's eyes. I pulled back and placed my hand on the slight bulge on her once flat stomach. She put her hand on top of mine and we rubbed together as we stared into each other's eyes.

"Ellie, I am so happy for us. It was totally unexpected. Do you know when it happened?" I asked.

"I think it was our first time at the beach house, when you and Rachel broke me in" she said with a sexy giggle.

"Wow, I must really be potent because Rachel became pregnant after our first time, so she is a couple months ahead of you. Are you happy about this baby, because I am ecstatic? " I stated. 

"At first I was shocked because I thought that I was too old to get pregnant. I then remembered our encounter at the beach house and the few encounters since then and I believed this unborn child was made from love. So YES, I am very happy about this child and I hope you will be a good father to her or him." stated Ellie.

"Have you told Julia yet?" I asked. Her response was a slow shake of her head No and said, "I haven't told her yet. I wanted to tell you first and then figure out how I will tell her."

"I understand. I won't say a word." I whispered in her ear. Pulling away from her face, I said "Maybe it would be a good idea to talk to Rachel about this situation. You MILFs can talk about how you were both knocked up by a young stud and accumulate a little "mother" time together." I said with a smile on my face.

She pulled away and found her purse. We kissed each other again with passion and rubbed her newly pregnant body. She closed the door and I changed into my swimming trunks and walked out back. Walking through the doorway, I was stopped dead in my tracks. 

Both girls (now women) were lying on chairs with very tiny bikinis. Their bodies had grown from tomboy to sexpot in the last 6 months. Allie wore a blue bikini which highlighted her E cup breasts, long muscular legs and pert round butt. 

Julia wore a black bikini which highlighted her F cup breasts, shorter but muscular legs and a more pronounced butt. These were not girls they are women at the beginning of maturity.

******

"Well Allie, you wanted to get me here under false pretences for some reason. Well I'm here and Ellie left to go visit Rachel. We are all alone to discuss anything you want." I said, not hiding my frustration.

"Robby, I've been thinking about what I saw last Saturday and I've talked to Julia about it as well." Allie started to say. 

Looking concerned, I said "Why did you tell her about Rachel and me? It was supposed to be a secret." 

"Robby, I had not intended to tell her about it until she told me about Ellie. She said that she found a positive pregnancy test in the bathroom. Ellie is pregnant and we know you are the father. She knows that her father has not touched her mother in months." stated Allie. 

"And you think just because you saw Rachel and me, that somehow, I had sex with Ellie as well?" I bluffed.

"Don't lie to us Robby. We saw and heard you three at the beach house, when you thought we were still at the beach." stated Julia.

"Ok ok, you busted us. I just found out today that Ellie is pregnant with my child and went to Rachel to discuss things. Julia, your mother will tell you in her own time. She wanted to tell me first but please at least act surprised when she tells you." I pleaded. She nodded understandingly.

Julia and Allie got up from the pool chairs and walked toward me. From the sexy gait, they looked like she-wolves on the hunt for prey. Staring at them, I must've looked a little gobsmacked. 

Each one took a side and placed their arm around my waist drew themselves close. I could feel their large young firm breasts on my ribcage. Julia looked at Allie and nodded. Allie moved in front of me.

"I told Julia what I saw on Saturday. How you dominated my mother with your attitude and large cock. After you left, I knew that I wanted what Mom was getting."

"And after she told me," Julia continued, "we knew we both wanted you, like at the beach house. We want you to show us what sex is like with a REAL MAN. Boys our age know nothing and don't have your equipment." Julia emphasized this with a rub to my bulge.

"Are you sure? Most girls your age were always afraid of how large it was. Your mothers are addicted." I boasted.

"We are prepared for what you have. We want to feel the intensity of your cock in us." Allie replied.

"I doubt it but if you are willing, I'll give you all I got." I replied.

I drew Allie into my arms and we began to passionately kiss each other. Her hands were feeling up my body, tracing my toned stomach. With my right hand, I reached around and untied her bikini top. 

With my left hand I reached around and untied Julia's bikini top. Each quickly took the hint and began to take off their now useless tops. I pulled back and saw those amazing breasts which defied gravity. They were not as big as their mothers' and also had absolutely no sag to them. 
