 When my husband, Scott, found out that he, his best friend Michael and all the bridesmaids in our friend Monica's wedding would be getting ready at Monica's house, he said, "That sounds like the plot to a porn flick waiting to happen." 

My husband, the wedding photographer, would have his Canon at the ready, complete with zoom lens.

It may not have happened that way, if not for Giselle's little lilac bra. I take full responsibility. 

We were in the spare bedroom getting ready, while the bride took the larger master bedroom. The other bridesmaid, Mary, was still in the shower. As Giselle stood there in her underwear, I couldn't help staring at those perky, round breasts, taut nipples peeking out over the top of the shiny demi bra. I couldn't help it. I reached out and caressed the top of one breast. Giselle giggled, but didn't stop me. 

Then the bra was off. I took a nipple in my mouth; Giselle moaned. I caressed it with my tongue, then began to suck. Behind my closed eyes, I sensed the telltale flash of a camera lens. I looked up. My husband grinned. 

We decided to ham it up for the camera. Giselle sat on the bed, and I climbed on behind her, wrapping my legs around her. My nipples grew hard against her back. I placed my hands over her breasts and squeezed, began nibbling on her neck. I grabbed a chunk of her short blonde hair in my hand, moving her face toward me for a kiss. We shared a long, deep, wet kiss, lips Then we both smiled for the camera. Behind Scott, Michael stood in the doorway, watching. Scott turned. "Don't just stand there. Come in and shut the door!" 

Michael, Giselle's husband, took a few steps closer. With our audience growing, I decided to step up the performance. 

I crawled around Giselle to face the other way, straddling her. Satin thongs rubbed together. Face to face, we kissed. Giselle leaned back, lying on the pink floral bedspread, me on top. It would have been the perfect position for a strap-on but, unfortunately, that was tucked deep in my suitcase and I didn't want to stop. 

Instead, I kissed her collarbone, inhaling the fresh scent of Dove soap, then worked my way down, pausing at the curves of her waist, kissing, licking, sucking, varying my moves in response to her moans. 

My mouth reached her hipbone, and the material of her g-string got in the way. I slid my fingers underneath that little satin lilac thong, pulling it off. It fell to the floor and she kicked it off. I sat back to admire the curves of her body, that flat belly, the carefully waxed region underneath. My breathing grew heavy with anticipation. Even as the camera flashed in the background, I knew the boys were as anxious as I was. 

Giselle wiggled in anticipation. I thrust my tongue into her slit, then, sucking the moist juices. I backed away to breathe, then began licking rhythmically. She moaned as her clit swelled in response. I took it in my fingers, squeezing, then licked again. I liked her reaction. She thrust her hips up, so I probed my tongue deeper into her pussy, relishing the taste.

Someone approached me from behind, roughly grabbing my panties and pulling them down around my knees. I moaned with relief—they had grown uncomfortably wet. I couldn't tell who it was, and didn't care. 

A cock pushed itself inside of me. I could tell from the size and shape it was Michael. A second later, the camera flashed again and I heard my husband moan. "Oh yeah. Take that cock, my good little slut." Yes, it was definitely Michael inside me. We'd done this before and I knew how much Scott liked to watch. 

The door opened, then, and everyone stopped. Michael pulled away from me, keeping both hands on my waist. I sat up. Giselle leaned up on her forearms to see who walked in. None of us scrambled to cover ourselves, we were too much in shock. Monica stood there in her white dress, mouth open. 

"I can't believe—" Monica knew about mine and Giselle's bi tendencies, and she knew the four of us liked to play together. I guess she thought we'd behave today. But why should we? It wasn't often we all got together, and the temptation was just too great. 

"Relax," Scott said. "Just a little something to get loosened up before the ceremony. We have plenty of time." 

"That's not the point," Monica argued. "We don't have as much time as you think. And I need help in there..." Her eyes filled with tears. I caught Giselle rolling her eyes, and hoped Monica didn't see. Smart, practical and straightforward, Giselle didn't have a lot of tolerance for drama queen acts. 

Still naked, I walked up to Monica, put my arm around her. "Don't worry, sweetie. We have plenty of time. We'll help you." 

"Look," she said. "I don't mind what you guys do. Really I don't. I guess you just caught me by surprise."

Michael piped up from the other side of the room. "Or could it be that you're a little bit jealous?"

That took me by surprise. We were all thinking it; only Michael had the nerve—or lack of tact—to speak up. I wanted Monica so badly, but she'd made it clear she wasn't interested in anything but a monogamous relationship with her soon-to-be husband. 

"I'm jealous of the attention, I guess," she admitted. 

"You're not jealous of how interesting our sex lives have gotten since we discovered that we liked to share?" Scott asked. 

"No," she said. "I only need one man to keep me satisfied." 

Giselle and I smirked. We knew Monica well enough to know she was lying. We also knew the fun Monica was missing out on. Either one of us would have showed her, if only she would admit to being curious. 

"How about one last fling before married life?" I asked. I massaged her shoulders between the spaghetti straps of her wedding dress. "You're with friends here, it's okay." 

I stepped closer, letting my still-hard nipples rub against her shoulder. I looked up to see Giselle satisfying her man, his cock in her mouth, while Scott lifted the camera again, not sure where to aim it. 

I steered Monica toward the bed. "Relax, sweetie." 

"I am curious," she said. She sighed. "I suppose better to find out now than after I'm married." 

"Now that's the enthusiasm we want to see," Michael teased.

"I'll show you enthusiasm," I said, turning Monica around so I could unzip the ivory dress. 

It fell to the floor and she stepped over the layers of crinoline and lace, kicking the satiny fabric away while I worked on unhooking her new lace bra. 

"Can I help?" Giselle stepped forward, catching Monica's breasts in her hands as they tumbled out of the size D cups. Monica was more endowed than Giselle and I put together—a special treat for our husbands. 

Giselle wrapped her mouth around one of Monica's large breasts, and I grabbed the other. We stopped momentarily to flash big smiles for the camera, then looked up to see Monica smiling, too. Each of us with one hand on Monica's chest, Giselle and I shared a kiss. It had been so long since we'd been together I relished the taste, grabbing her blonde hair in my hand, and kissing my way down her neck, her collarbone, and to that perky little nipple waiting for some attention. 

I was surprised to feel another female mouth on my breast. Monica sucked my nipple, gently, tentatively at first, until she began to get comfortable, then increased the pressure, exploring with her tongue. All the while, the camera flashed in the background. I looked up to see Michael grinning in anticipation of what might come next. 

"I think we need Monica on the bed," Giselle said. Giselle pushed the bride lightly on to the day bed. Monica's red curls fanned across the mattress. I climbed onto the bed beside her, stroking her face. I looked down to see Giselle's face disappearing into another mass of red curls, and then kissed Monica as she moaned. 

Soon, I felt two hands on my breasts—male hands. Michael wanted to get in on the action. With Giselle taking care of Monica, I turned, grabbing Michael's cock and shoving it in my mouth. His knees buckled momentarily, before he sat on the bed. The camera flash strobed like a disco ball in the background, continuously, lighting up the room. 

"If you want to document this, why don't we get the video camera going?" Michael suggested. 

"Mhmm..mmmmh," I agreed through a mouth full of cock, nodding to deep throat Michael, then licking his balls greedily. He moaned, so I pulled back to tease him with my tongue around the rim, my hand wrapped around his shaft, squeezing gently. 

The camera flashes stopped momentarily as Scott set up the video camera on a tripod, then strolled over to join the action. I looked up to see him jamming his cock in Monica's mouth; she took it eagerly, then paused to look up at me and smile. "Thank you," she mouthed, then went back to giving my husband a blow job. 

As I continued to work on Michael, my tongue tickling, teasing, my lips wrapped around the thick shaft, sucking, my pussy grew wetter. I stopped for a breath and moaned, looking down with jealousy at Giselle and Monica. Monica writhed under Giselle's talented pink tongue. Giselle's fingers had disappeared deep inside the bride and I moaned, knowing the pleasure the blonde was capable of delivering. 

It had always been just the four of us. Switching back and forth. Girl-on-girl. Me with Michael. Giselle with Scott. Then switch. Sometimes, all three of us turned to focus on Giselle, but there was never any rivalry or drama. Was five too many? Would someone feel left out? 

Scott saw the expression on my face, reached over, and kissed me hard. "I want a cock inside me, now," I announced. 

Giselle looked up from Monica's pussy to smile. "Good idea! Me too!" 

Scott pulled away from Monica to stand behind Giselle. He thrust hard and Giselle moaned, momentarily pulling away from Monica to gasp. Then with all the power of her excitement as she orgasmed, she dove her face into Monica's pussy again; Monica screamed in pleasure. At the sound of two women coming at the same time, Scott pulled his cock out of Giselle, squirting thick white cum all over her back. 

Meanwhile, Michael was teasing me, rubbing my clit with his large cock, while I wiggled, begging to feel him inside me. Watching Scott come, Michael moaned and thrust his cock deep inside me. I pushed my hips back to meet him and he pounded me hard. The warmth built up inside me. My muscles squeezed his cock hard; my clit was throbbing with the sensation, the scene in front of me—my husband and two best friends in a heap on the bed, covered in sweat and cum, the scents of cologne and perfume and fresh soap filling the tiny guest bedroom. 

Monica reached up and grabbed my clit, rubbing it with two fingers, going so fast it had a vibrating effect, while Michael's cock hit deep inside, rubbing my g-spot. I moaned, my arms shaking as the struggled to hold me up on the bed, to hold this position just a minute more. I tilted my head to meet Monica's lips and we kissed, while she rubbed and Michael thrust hard. My pussy swelled in response, all the blood in my body rushing to that area, my muscles squeezing Michael hard. I screamed, moaned, just barely hearing Giselle giggle in the background at my enthusiastic orgasm. 

Finally, release, as I squirted on Monica's hand, down my legs. Seconds later, Michael pulled out and I felt his warm cum all over my back. I collapsed on the bed, legs and arms shaking, still moaning.

I barely had time to catch my breath when Monica broke the mood, her voice frantic. "We are running so late!" She giggled. "And I hope nobody heard us! We may have some interesting explaining to do."