 It was Thursday after a long week of meetings and controversy, I decided to skip out of work and head home early. Al and Kellie were down from Massachusetts and this would be a good opportunity to spend some time with them and their children. 

As I pulled into the drive, I noticed that both vans were gone which meant that there was probably no one home and my leaving early was wasted. As I entered the house, I heard some music and realized that Kellie was the only one home. She told me that Kay had gone out to get a few things and would be back soon and that Al had taken the kids to a movie and would be back about 8:30 or 9:00. As usual Kellie walked to me and gave me a warm and tight hug. Kellie always clings on and feels my arms and my beck when she holds me. This hug is the same hug she always gives me and it always gives me an erection.

Kellie, herself, is not the kind of person who turns the typical male's head in shopping mall. Her features are average and her body is also fairly average, but her love for Kay and me just makes her extremely beautiful. Through her hug I get a fair measure of her chest and wonder how her breasts might be different than my wife's. I know that Kay's must be larger and fuller, but although Kellie's hang slightly lower, they would be sexy to see in their own right. Kay has always been interested in sucking another woman's breasts and I'm sure if she were horny enough, she would at least want to check Kellie's breasts out. All this flashes through my head during the hug and I know that it has been a long time since Kay and I had been able to make love. Tonight, I would make passionate amends to Kay for my horny thoughts about her best friend. I wonder if Kay has ever thought what it would be like to see and perhaps suck Al's cock. It's a matter of horny curiosity.

As Kellie and I disengage, she holds my hand extra long and guides me to the kitchen where she pours me a glass of wine. It is delicious and we share several before Kay got home. Kay joins us and pretty soon we are all fairly light headed and Kellie's wineglass tips and splashes wine over my chest and some of my pants. "Oh no," Kellie is devastated. Kay comments that we have to get these stained clothes into the dryer and she begins to pull my shirt over my head. Kellie joins in and I note that her hand holds tightly onto my chest as she lifts the back up. Naturally, my nipples harden and my cock does so mildly too. Kay smiles and asks if I have underwear on. Kellie shrieks a laugh at Kay's outrageousness, but the laugh turns into a satisfied smile as Kay unzips and pulls down my wet pants. Kay pretends to be preoccupied with the laundry and ignores the bulge in my pants and then leaves to put the laundry in the washer machine. I call out that I could use some more clothes. Then I look at Kellie's shirt and it has a small wine stain too.

Once pointed out, Kellie being shy, says she needs to go get another shirt and get changed and leaves for her room. Kay comes back in and immediately puts one hand on my cock and the other on my nipples and whispers "I don't have any clothes for you and I can't wait to suck this cock!" I tell Kay that Kellie has gone downstairs to change her shirt and Kay heads down to get her shirt from her. A moment later, Kay calls quietly up to me to come down. Once downstairs, we both peak into the cracked door where Kellie is changing. Kellie is facing us and has taken off her shirt. We watch with great anticipation as she removes her bra and we see two beautiful pale white breasts. Then Kellie does something out of character and she begins to gently rub and pinch her brown nipples. Sighs escape her lips and both Kay and I realize she is just as horny as we are! 

Kay tells me to go upstairs and grudgingly, I do. Kay then bursts into Kellie's room "by accident" and sees her best friend in a state. Immediately Kellie is embarrassed, but Kay soothes her by telling her how beautiful her breasts are. Why should they be hidden, after all, they are both mature women. Kellie giggles and Kay steps forward and pulls down Kellie's folded arms, "see, that isn't so bad!," but Kellie moves her arms up a bit anyway hiding only the nipples. Kay picks up Kellie's shirt off the bed, smiles and says "I know what will make you more comfortable . . .." Soon, Kay's shirt is off and bra removed. Kay's own hands cup her breasts and then she reaches out for Kellie's. They are smooth and heavy in her hands and bigger than she expected.

"Where's Jack?" Kellie asked. Kay says that I am upstairs masturbating because I have an insatiable appetite for sex and since I was half-naked in front of her, I'm probably very horny! Kellie closes her eyes as Kay continues to massage her breasts and then Kellie says quietly, "its been 3 months since Al and I made love, we're just too busy with work and all that." Kellie continues on how lucky Kay is to have a man who adores her body so much and wants her so much. As Kay begins to kiss and lick Kellie's breast, she continues on how Al has seemed to grow tired of her body. Kellie's pain strikes deep into Kays core. Here she is taking advantage of Kellie's hornines and alcohol induced state when she should be taking away some of her pain by getting her laid! Then again, licking and sucking Kellie's breasts really turned her on. Kay stopped and said, "I'm going to take care of you." 

Kay quickly comes upstairs and gets me. Together we return to the king sized bed and decide that we are going to play with Kellie and get her into a horny state like she has never seen and then let it all release. 

Kellie mildly protested as we each took turns on her breasts. She completely gave in when Kay's manicured fingers found their way to Kellie's wet clit. A sigh escaped both Kay and Kellie's lips as Kay's fingers began to work Kellie's clit back and forth, up and down and around. Watching this, I was ready to explode. It had been 20 years since I had seen and touched a woman's breasts other than Kay's and now as Kellie straddled me, my mouth connected with her soft breast. It was different and I savored that difference. For Kay, she had never sucked a woman's breast and it was a wonderful sensation. I had never made love to anyone but Kay and here we were, with Kellie's vagina surrounding my cock while Kay continued to rub both Kellie's and her clit. Within minutes that seemed like hours, all three burst our climax onto each other. Fulfilled, Kellie slid off me and the three of us cuddled for a while, not quite sure what to do. Amazingly, within a half hour we got dressed and went about our business as if nothing unusual happened. Al came back with the kids and since it was late, we put them to bed. A few minutes later, Kay and I heard some noised from downstairs. We both snuck down and peeked in. There was Kellie atop Al sliding up and down on his cock. 

After I sensuously kissed Kay, we smiled knowing that maybe we had broken a log jam in Al and Kellie's relationship. We then went upstairs and made slow, deliberate, sensual and passionate love until we fell over with exhaustion.