 You still can't believe this is happening. It all started as a dare and now you and your man are showing off for your best friend.

The three of you went out to the pub and were having a great time listening to the local music scene. Your friend's boyfriend couldn't make it, but no matter, your man is easy going that way. After a few pints the conversation got flirty and turned to romance. Your friend commented on how wonderfully erotic her relationship is.

Not wanting to be outdone, you said "We have awesome sex!"

Your friend smiled and said, "Okay prove it, show me."

You blushed and realized you had gone to far. Your man laughed and said, "Yes love, let's show her."

Then you got a wickedly wonderful idea and said, "Okay, if you don't believe me, we will show you" and before you knew it you were leading your friend and lover back to your house.

So now here you were, on your knees with your man's hard cock in your hands as your best friend watched with interest.

You had tried to get out of it when you came to your senses, but she would have none of it. You said that you would not put on a show unless she stripped naked too. And to your surprise, she eagerly pulled her top off, unzipped and wiggled out of her jeans. You had a twinge of jealousy as your mans jaw dropped as he watched. But not to be out done, you stripped so seductively, with both watching every move, that his attention returned totally to you. And from the large bulge in his jeans you can tell how much he is into you. What you didn't expect was how much she was into you as well. She had climbed onto your chair next to your bed to get a good view, spread her legs and actually rubbed herself while watching you strip.

Now she watched intently as you slowly wrapped your fingers around your mans cock, and slowly stroked his length. You love feeling how hard he gets and love feeling the contrast of the skin of his cock and hard shaft as it slides through your fingers. A drip of lubricant never fails to emerge from the tip and you love the sound it makes as you slide your fingers over the head to rub it in. You lean close and kiss the head with your lips then open and flick your tongue just under the tip. This always drives him crazy with lust.

You almost forget that you have an audience, if it were not for the moan the makes you look. There she is on the chair, legs spread wide, one knee hooked over the arm, with one finger rubbing her clit in small circles, and the other hand caressing her breast. Oh, she is beautiful when she does that. She calls out in a sexy voice, "Don't stop now!"

Wanting to give her a show, you stand slowly and face her and caress your own breasts, lifting one hard nipple to your mouth and then the other. Your man stand behind you wraps his arms around your hips and hugs you, the shaft of his hard cock pressed against your firm bum, the head just inches bellow your now drenched pussy.

You watch your friend, her fingers now disappearing between the folds over her lips, and you mimic her movements on yourself. You both move closer to her until you stand between her raised legs. You watch as she slides her middle finger deep inside with a groan. Her scent is intoxicating.

Your man rubs the head of his cock along your pussy lips, slowly parting them, until his cock slides up and over your clit sending shivers through your body. You imagine what your friend sees as your cock masturbates you with his cock. It must look erotic to see it emerge between your lips because your friend is really getting worked up. Your man gently changes the angle of his strokes, and your feel the head press against your opening and slowly into you. Oooh, it feels wonderful. Your eyes lock with your friends as you share a knowing smile.

After several slow thrusts, each almost lifting you off your feet, your man gently guides you to a kneeling position. Still inside you he continues to make love to you. You lean forward slightly on all fours as his thrusts become stronger pushing you forward. You love when he does this, so strong.

But you are getting uncomfortably close to your friend now, and she delights in your predicament. She even inches closer to see what you will do. His cock slides its full length with each stroke. Head almost coming out with each back stroke, to deep inside with each thrust. Omg his thrust will push you into her. You reach up to brace yourself, your hand landing on her upper thigh. She moans in delight and clamps a hand on yours, guiding it higher.

Her skin is so soft and her body so beautiful. You wonder at the thought but shake your head. She is so warm and loving. Her fingers clasps yours before she guides your hand to her steaming pussy. You try to pull back, but she won't let you. You feel her body with curiosity. Similar to yours but different. You look at her lips, clit protruding, and gently trace them. She moans with a huge smile. You pull back the skin over her clit and lick your lips. You wonder what it would be like to taste. You extend your tongue and lean down.

Just then your man wraps his arms under your rib cage and gently lifts you up and back into a kneeling position hugging you tight while kissing your neck. You turn your face a try to kiss him back, all while he is deep inside you. He continues by leaning backward until laying flat with you straddling his hips. What a view he has of you with your bum cheeks spread wide, his cock deep inside between your pussy lips. It feels wonderful as you rock back and forth, cupping both

breasts in your hands.

Your friend watches with renewed delight, having a beautiful view of both of you, your full lips, with his hard cock sliding in and out, his balls hanging below as he thrusts. The juices from you excitement drips down his shaft around his balls and over his inner thigh. He pulls you gently back until you lay with your back on his chest. He takes the place of your hands massaging your breasts and hard nipples as you lift with each thrust. You feel your body start to lose control and brace for your building orgasm.

The you feel her and panic. She has moved between your legs on all fours, leaned down, spread your wet lips with her fingers, and parted her moist lips extending her tongue as she kiss your clit. First her tongue touches, hard and slippery, followed by her lips which surround your clit completely, softly drawing it into her mouth.

You try to back away but can't. It's too late as your body starts to shake in earnest with the waves of your orgasm. It's so wet too. What will she think as you cum in her face? Then among the spasms, you surrender to the pleasure, and start enjoying the sensation. Her tongue feels so wonderful against you, with your man's cock deep inside. You have never experienced such an orgasm both inside and out simultaneously.

Her touch and caresses extend your orgasm much longer than normal as you still shake and cry out like a wild animal. As you slowly calm, she extends her licks along your lips and then between. You feel your man harden and accelerate deeper if that possible. Her tongue is stretched deep between your lips and is touching the shaft of his cock as he fucks you lubricating you both even more.

He is so hard now inside you. She is alternating between you both now. Omg your going to cum again. You hold you breath as he lifts you up. She flicks your clit and cups his balls in her hand as you hear you man groan loudly, trying to extend your pleasure. He thrusts deeply shaking violently sending you over the edge into bliss yet again. You vaguely realize that is cock is contracting deep inside you as you both cum. Fingering herself madly she wraps her arms around both of your hips

and presses her face against you and him, screaming as the waves crash through your bodies.

After several minutes of deep recovering gasps, she climbs up next to you as your man gently lays you on your side, arms around you, cock still buried in your loving embrace. The three of you lay side by side, him and you spooning, you face to face with her. She wraps her arms around you and smiles. Her breasts and relaxed nipples pressed against yours.

You are so relaxed. You admit that you had thought of this but thought you would feel awkward. But you don't at all. You just feel loved. You lean close to her and kiss her full on the lips. She smiles back before returning your kiss in kind. It feels different, softer, and so sensual. And your man isn't the least jealous; just really in love with you.

She breaks her kiss briefly and whispers "You were right - you two are wonderful together" then kisses you as you smile.