 I couldn’t wait for the weekend to get here, even thou it was only Tuesday, I was still excited about getting away for a week with my wife up to our cabin. We had been planning this vacation for quiet some time and we both needed it. We bought a cabin on a lake years ago for the family and we used it a lot when the kids were younger. When our children started high school and then off to college things seemed to change. We basically stopped using the cabin altogether. I would go up and do some fishing towards the beginning of summer and open the place up. Then in early fall I would go back up and close it up for the winter. It was almost a waste, but at least it was now paid for and I was determined to use it!

I was in a daydream about casting a line off the dock when I was brought back to real life by, “Hey Ben, I need to talk to you about this report for the “Jones” account.” My boss Larry said.

“What seems to be wrong with it Larry?” I asked.

“Corporate called down and said they need more information and they have to have it by Monday. They’re pissed cause they thought it should have had a lot more information.” Larry said. 

“Whatever it takes and they mean business! They don’t care how many hours you have to work on it to get the right information, but they want it done right! Is that understood?” He barked at me.

“Larry, I know the information is correct…” I said

“You don’t get paid to know shit, just get your mess corrected or your Fired! You’ll be here all weekend if you have to and I don’t care what your plans are.” He hollered at me.

I was flabbergasted. Larry had never spoken to me like this before. I had a good mind to tell him to shove this job but I knew I had a lot at stake. I had my mortgage, car payments along with three kids in college. I was fucked!

“Yes sir. I’ll have it to you by Monday.” I replied.

Larry slammed the door on his way out of my office, rattling the pictures on the walls. Boy was he pissed off. I knew this wasn’t going to sit well with my wife but hopefully I would be able to calm her down. 

That night Sally, my wife and I sat down and talked about what went on at work and she was pissed but she also knew I couldn’t just say to hell with him and his job. Sally encouraged me to hang in there and we would see what happened next. We both agreed to let it go. A thought came to my mind and I figured I’d share it with Sally.

“Sally, why don’t you call George and Angel and see if they would like to go up to the cabin with us. I know I can’t make it over the weekend, but at least it wouldn’t be a total loss if you guys could at least enjoy the weekend and I’ll catch up with you guys on Monday.” I said. “Besides, George loves to fish and well, Angel she enjoys the sunshine.”

George and Angel were long time friends of ours. Our kids had grown up together and we always got together for special occasions. I know they loved the lake so I figured they would jump at the chance. Besides, it was always nice to be in Angel’s presence. She was a red head and a true red head at that. I happened to see her bush one time when we had a pool party at our house. Angel and Sally had spread themselves out on our chaise lounges and they didn’t have much on. It was hard not to look but I did steal a coupe of glances Angel’s way. That’s when I saw her red pussy hair. Her bathing suit barely covered anything and it sure looked inviting! 

“I’ll call Angel tomorrow and see what they have to say.” Sally said. “It would be okay with me, but I hate to leave you alone Ben.”

“It’s okay. You know I can handle myself around here and besides, it would only be for a couple of days.” I said.

****



By Friday I was still buried deep in forms, lists and pages and pages of stuff. I didn’t see any end in sight. I looked around and figured I’d never get it all done. I glanced at the clock; I still had a couple of more hours in the day. It sure was going to be good to head home I thought.

My phone rang and I could see that Larry was calling me. My first instinct was to not answer it but I knew he would come looking for me. “Now what the fuck does he want?”

I thought. 

“Ben, please come in to my office. I need to talk to you now.” Larry barked. 

I pushed myself away from my desk. I could feel the blood running up to my temples. I wanted to punch Larry! I made my way to his office and knocked on his door.

“It’s open. Come on in.” He said. “Sit down Ben. I have to talk to you about the Jones account.”

I sat down and Larry got up and moved over to the door. I heard him shut and lock it, and then he made his way to the front of his desk, sitting on the front edge. 

“First off, I would like to apologize to you for the way I spoke to you yesterday. I knew I shouldn’t have barked at you but I was frustrated. Corporate can be a pain in the ass. Secondly, I’ve had some things going on at home and I’m about fed up with them as well.” Larry replied.

“Ben I need to talk to someone about some things that can’t leave this office. Can I trust you that you’ll hold what is said in here in confidence?” He asked.

I thought for a moment. Larry and I always seemed to get along great but lately he really seemed to be agitated about something. I figured I would hear him out. 

“Sure. What’s up Larry?” I replied.

Larry started to ramble on about some home issues that he didn’t know how to handle and then he spoke up about his wife. She was a real bitch from everything Larry ever told me about her. She sounded like a control freak. As Larry spoke I noticed that there seemed to be a wet spot on the front of his slacks. I figured he must have spilled something on them. When he would turn his head a little I’d steal a glance towards his crotch, the spot seemed to be getting bigger. I then noticed that there was a bulge right at the spot. I wasn’t gay or anything but I wondered what was up. I had seen Larry’s cock when we would be in the bathroom stalls. Glancing over at one another at the urinal wasn’t out of the ordinary for guys, and I knew he had a big one. My ears perked up when Larry started to talk about his love life at home and all that it entailed. 

“You see Ben, my wife completely dominates me at home. She has friends come over to the house and she humiliates me in front of them. Then she orders them to use me.” He stated. “She has me do all kinds of sexual favors for them!” 

My mouth must have been opened wide cause Larry gave me a weird look.

“You okay Ben?” He asked.

“Yea, just a bit stunned that’s all.” I managed to get out.

I had a strange feeling and this was confirmed by the hardness in my pants. I couldn’t believe I was sitting here listening to my boss tell me about his sex life. To top it off it was arousing me! 

Larry was five years younger than myself and he had a lot firmer body than mine. He was a handsome man who I could tell liked to work out. I’d known Larry for years but this outward display about sex and how his wife abused him had caught me off guard.

“Ben, let me ask you this question. Have you ever had the desire to suck a cock?” Larry said. “I know it’s a hard question to answer but I sure would like to know.”

I couldn’t speak. I was utterly shocked! The thought of sucking cock flashed through my mind. My cock started growing even larger.

Larry got up and moved in front of me. He kind of squatted down and placed his hands in his face. I could hear light sobs coming from him. I didn’t know what to do. Should I run, should I punch his lights out, I didn’t know what was going to happen next. 


“When my wife makes me suck her boyfriends cocks, I have to comply with her demands.” He said. “Sometimes she even makes me get fucked in the ass by them! I don’t know what to do.” He cried out. “I even get to the point where I like what am I going to do Ben?” He sobbed again. Larry broke the silence once more. “Have you ever sucked another guys cock Ben? I know you’re not gay or anything but I was curious if you have ever thought about it?” My mind went spinning in all directions after this question!

“God I’m a mess Ben. My life is just one big fucking mess!” He sobbed out!

I didn’t know what else to do so I reached out and touch his shoulder. I couldn’t believe how hard my cock had become by all this talk. Larry looked up at me with this sad look and placed his hands on my legs. I didn’t move them off. I could feel my heart pounding inside of my chest. When his hand reached my crotch I almost creamed my pants. 

“What was going on and why didn’t I stop him.” I thought.

“Ben, I know things are a mess but I would like to make it up to you if you’ll let me.” He said. “I can make all your troubles go away Ben, at least for a while. ”

I just sat there and did nothing. Larry’s hands now reached for my belt buckle and undid it, pulling it aside then moved to my zipper. I couldn’t believe this was happening to me. In my younger years I thought about how it would be to have a guy suck my cock but now it was a reality. He eased my zipper down and reached for my hard cock in my underwear. I was really enjoying the sensation of it all. When Larry released his grip on my cock he tugged at my pants. I eased my ass off of the chair a bit and he slid my pants and underwear to the floor. My cock shot forward. You could see the drops of pre-cum on the head. Without saying a word Larry reached up and grabbed my cock with one hand and moved his mouth to my bulging cock head. His fingers caressed my member gently. I almost shot my load right then!

I was completely mesmerized by the sight of a man going down on my cock. I had never experienced it before but I knew I liked it! Larry’s tongue made circles around the head while his other hand massaged my balls. The feeling was like nothing I’d ever felt before. My wife didn’t even suck cock this good I thought. Larry’s mouth made it’s way further down my shaft, completely engulfing me. I spread my legs further apart so he could have better access to my throbbing cock. 

I reached out and placed my hands on his head. “Oh what the fuck! A blow job is a blow job, right?” I questioned myself. I pushed my hard cock deeper in to his mouth. I felt him gag but I didn’t give a shit at this point, all I wanted to do was fuck his mouth! Larry moaned as I moved his head back and forth on to my cock. His saliva was running down my cock and over my exposed balls. Larry plunged his mouth down on me until he hit the base of my cock. I could feel his teeth graze the sides of my cock and nibble at my pelvic bone. “Fuck, I was in heaven!” I thought. Larry pulled his mouth off my cock just as quick and he then looked up at me.

“Well, how do you like it Ben? Does it feel good to you?” He asked.

“Oh, Fuck yea, why did you stop?” I replied.

“You’ll see! Oh yea, you’ll see. I’ll make you cum like you’ve never cum before Ben!” He remarked.

Larry now pulled me forward until I was barely sitting in the chair. I could feel cool air hit my exposed asshole. He spread my legs apart and then once again lowered his mouth to my waiting cock. When his mouth sucked me in I almost lost it. My balls ached for some release! Larry reached up and cupped my balls and slowly moved his fingers to my asshole. Everything in my groin area was so slippery from saliva and pre-cum that he eased his finger in, up to the first knuckle, sending a shutter throughout my whole body. I liked my asshole played with but I had never had anyone penetrate it. Larry now was working and sucking up and down my shaft. He now replaced the one finger with two and he buried them deep, fucking my asshole. 

“Oh fuck Larry, I’mmmm going to cummmmm!” I moaned out loudly.

Larry buried his mouth completely on to my cock. I could feel his throat open for the head of my cock as the first shot emerged form my slit. Larry slipped his mouth almost completely off of my cock. I shot another load as he sucked my cock head harder. 

“Yea Larry, suck my cock, suck it dry! Oh fuuuuuck me!” I moaned.

My hands had once again grabbed out and held his head as I continued to pump load after load in to his mouth. I looked down and saw that cum was oozing out from the corners of Larry’s mouth, running down the length of my shaft. I held his head in my hands; with one final shot I was done! I could feel my now spent cock slowly decreasing in size as Larry’s mouth still did it’s magic. My head was spinning from the blowjob I just received. His mouth sucked and sucked until there wasn’t anything left! When Larry was done sucking me dry he removed my cock from his mouth with a plopping sound. He reached up and wiped off his mouth with a big grin on his face.  

“Well?” he just looked up at me.

“Fuck that was amazing!” I exclaimed. “Sally can suck cock with the best of them but you really out did yourself by blowing me!”

“Ben do you mind if I relieve myself?” Larry asked me.

“Shit go ahead man, I can see you’re about ready to burst.” I replied as I peered down at his crotch.

Larry made his way over to his couch and removed his clothes. His body transfixed me. He had a dark tan all-over his body and I could see that he had no fat anywhere. Larry’s backside was facing me and when he turned around I let out a gasp. His cock was fucking huge! It had to be around nine inches long and was thick as hell. I knew he had a big cock but he was bigger than I thought. I was envious! Larry laid back and spread his legs, grasping his long tool in his hands. The top of his cock glistened with pre-cum. I slipped my pants off completely and watched intently. 

I couldn’t believe it; my cock was starting to come back to life. I got up from the chair and moved over to the couch. The sight of Larry stroking his massive hard-on was too much for me. I sat down on the couch in between Larry’s opened legs. I wondered what it would be like to touch it! I reached my hand forward. I touched Larry’s hand and he removed his own hand from his cock. He lightly grabbed my hand and placed it on his throbbing cock. My fingers wrapped around the shaft. God it felt great! It was hard but soft as well. I slowly stroked up and down. 

“Oh, Ben, yea that’s the way to work it!” Larry sighed. 

I ran my hand and fingers over the head, picking up his pre-cum, which made things slippery. I slowly worked up and down the length of his enormous shaft. A newfound boldness came over me, as I moved my head forward. I was now only inches from the head and his musky aroma made its way to my nostrils. “There was no turning back now.” I thought. I stuck my tongue out and licked the top around his slit. The feeling was incredible! My wife would just about die if she saw me now. I opened my mouth wide and took all of his cock head in to my mouth. It barely fit! I moved deeper on to him and when I couldn’t take anymore of him in I slipped back up. I could tell that Larry liked it by the way his hips moved and the moans coming from his lips.

“Oh fuck Ben, you act like you’ve sucked cock before. Have you?” he asked.

I just shook my head from side to side, not allowing him to leave my mouth. I figured I would pick up the tempo and started to move faster on his cock. With each thrust of his pelvis I took more of him in me. I gagged when his cock head hit the opening of my throat. 

“Suck it baby, suck my cock you bitch!” he moaned out. 



I tried but I couldn’t take him all the way in. I moved my hands up to his ball sack and squeezed them between my fingers. 

“Oh, yea. Lower baby, lower your hand to my ass!” he commanded.

Larry raised his hips as I slipped my hand underneath his ass. I found his waiting asshole with out hardly any effort on my own. I couldn’t hold all of the saliva in my mouth so it had drenched his cock and balls making my entrance to his asshole easy. I couldn’t believe how easy it was to push one finger in, then two and finally three. His asshole was gaping open; almost pulling my fingers inward! I proceeded to suck on his hot tool. I thought I had done something wrong when I felt Larry push my head off of his cock. 

“I want you to do something for me Ben.” he said. “I want you to fuck me.”

“You already sucked me off Larry. It’s your turn now.” I replied.

“That’s okay Ben. I want your hard cock in my ass. I want you to fuck my ass and make me cum that way.” he responded by raising his legs almost to his chest. He didn’t even wait for my response.

I looked down and his asshole was wide open. Oh, fuck! Here goes nothing; I hope his ass is as good as his mouth! I moved myself in to a better position and placed the head of my cock at his waiting asshole. I didn’t really know what to expect but I was shaking with anticipation. He pushed forward allowing my cock to push past his sphincter muscle easily! It felt like his ass was on fire. I pushed in deeper, burying myself as deep as I could go. His ass muscles seemed to work on their own as they grabbed at my cock. I rested there just allowing the moment to last. When I pulled back out with my cock head resting in him he grunted out, 

“Oh fuck me deep baby. Slam that hard cock of yours in to my asshole!”

I complied with his command! I reached up and grabbed his legs and spread them further apart. This gave me some additional leverage to push forward. Larry placed his own hand upon his crank and started to work it. I started out slow but soon I was pounding my cock in to his ass. Larry’s hand was working overtime now. His speed had increased to match each of my thrusts. I knew he must have been close because his asshole seemed to come alive and it started to clamp down on my cock. 

“Fuuuck myyyy assssss Ben!” he hollered out. “I’m cummmmmming!”

The first squirt of his cum landed on my chest, dripping downward on to his. The second volley hit me square in the chin. I looked down and saw for the first time that Larry was spitting out of his cock a huge amount of cum. I was glad that I didn’t have him in my mouth now. I probably would have drowned! I touched his cum and stuck my tongue out tasting for the first time some other mans juices! It was definitely different but good!

Larry was still shaking and quivering when I felt the swelling in my balls. I started to unload in his ass with my first eruption. I pulled out after a couple of jolts and then shot my final load upward hitting Larry’s face. His tongue automatically licked up what had hit his mouth. Finally my jism oozed out of my slit, dripping the remainder of cum on to Larry’s cock. He reached out and rubbed it all over his throbbing cock.

“Fuck that was great Larry! I didn’t know an ass could feel so good!” I moaned. 

“Thanks Ben, we better get dressed, it’s time for knock off.” Larry said. 

“What the fuck was I doing?” I thought to myself. “Have you lost your mind Ben? You must be turning gay!” These plus other thoughts raced through my mind. All I knew for certain was, sucking cock was great, and so was Larry’s ass! 

Not much was said over the next few minutes. Larry got off of the couch first and started to put his clothes on. I took his cue and did the same. Neither of us cleaned up much. I didn’t even know how I felt about what had just happened but my cock sure enjoyed it! I couldn’t believe how great of a time I had! 

“Ben, I’ll see you in the morning. Hopefully we’ll be able to knock out this fucking Jones account, then you can be on your way to the mountains!” he said. “Oh by the way, I need to really talk to you when you get back off of vacation. Maybe you can help me out with my problem at home? I’ll see you tomorrow.” He said as he left out of his office.

Not a word was said about our cock sucking adventure! There I was standing there, trying to figure what just went on or if it was even real. “Fuck, I’ll figure this out at home!” I thought, as I made my way to my office to grab my car keys. Larry’s personnel secretary gave me a sheepish look as I passed her by. “Did she know what just happened?” I thought. “Oh, fuck it! Who cares if she knows.”
