 The best friends of our wife and I were still as yet, unmarried. They wanted to wait until after they finished college to tie to the knot. We couldn't wait. 

As such, our friends were still living with their respective folks and so if they ever wanted to have sex they needed to find a "quiet" place. Our flat was the perfect option. We had a spare room and a spare mattress. We even had spare sheets. Blankets were a bit scarce, but they figured they could bring a sleeping bag or two (or three) and make do. 

One morning, after they had spent the night, our friend Mike had to take off for an early class. Dorothy didn't have class until three so she thought she'd help around the house (as sort of payment for the use of the room). She was wearing only panties and a skimpy little top while doing dishes in the sink. 

My wife had gotten up to take a shower and I was still lounging in bed (my wife wasn't in school and I was working but not due in for several hours). I got up to get some cereal for breakfast. I put some shorts on as a sleep commando... but once I got to the kitchen and saw that ass in those skimpy bikini panties the shorts were of little use. 

I grabbed a bowl and filled it with cereal. I put in the milk and leaned back against the counter opposite the sink - just staring at that ass. My dick was getting harder and harder. Dorothy glanced around and said, "You're so quiet. Are you just going to stand there and stare?" 

"Oh sorry," I replied. "I'm still a bit sleepy. Good morning." 

"Good morning. Was it a good night?" 

"Yes it was. We hardly heard a sound out of your room all night." 

Dorothy laughed at this. "That's surprising as I thought I was screaming loud enough for the neighbors to hear." She had been. For at least a couple hours last night my wife and I made love to the sounds of our friends banging each other in the next room. 

About this time I finished my cereal and went to put it over by the sink. Dorothy said as I put the bowl on the counter, "I can you if you like." 

"What?" I said with a stammer thinking only of what I wouldn't give to put my cock in her right now. 

"I said, I can do the bowl for you if you like." 

"Oh yes." and then the temptation was too much. I leaned up behind her so she could feel my hard cock pressed between her ass cheeks, grabbed the bowl and slowly slid it into the water. "Yes, do me if you would be so kind." 

Her ass started to move, obviously noticing my throbbing cock. My arms wrapped around her as my hips pressed into hers. She stopped doing dishes, and just stood there with her hands in the water, slightly turning her face to mine as our tongue reached out to find each other. I took the hint and slid a hand down to her crotch, inside the waistband of her panties and slowing guided a finger between her folds. She was soaking wet. 

As my finger moved inside her, her hips began to buck faster and faster. She eventually took one hand out of the water, moved it behind her and into my shorts. The moment her warm wet hand grabbed my cock I thought I was going to explode. She grabbed and squeezed and then fumbled to try and get it out of my shorts. Once there, she arched her hips and said, "fuck me. fuck me now." 

Guilt must have gotten the best of me, because I thought of my wife in the shower (also an erotic thought... but with a much different intension). I said to Dorothy, "Give me one minute." 

I left Dorothy, cock still hanging out of my shorts. I walked into the bathroom where my wife was still taking a shower. I slid back the curtains to find her fingering herself. "Oh my" I said completely surprised. 

"Sorry," she moaned. "I was still thinking about last night, Dorothy and Mike." 

"That's what I wanted to talk to you about." 

"You haven't been walking about the house like that, have you? You'll give Dorothy a heart attack with that thing... or cause her to soak herself at least." she said staring at my still very hard cock. 

"Well, actually..." 

"Oh, you've been fucking her then." and her fingers in her cunt started to move faster and faster. 

"No, but..." 

"You want to fuck her." her fingers were moving at lightening speed. I started to play with my cock as the urge was just too strong. 

"Yes." that put her over the edge. She screamed and started shaking all over with a very powerful orgasm. Her fingers never stopped; she just spasmed as the water ran down her naked flesh. 

"Ok," she said when she was half coming back to consciousness. 

That was all I needed. Out of the bathroom, dropping my shorts along the way, I headed out to the kitchen. 

Dorothy was back doing dishes, but she'd also dropped her panties on the floor. "What took you so long?" she asked. 

"I had to ask my wife and she wanted to cum before she said yes." By this point I had pressed my hard, naked cock into the crease of Dorothy's naked ass and we were grinding together. "Come" I said I as I grabbed her hand and led her from the sink back to the bedroom. 

Once there I laid her out on the bed. The vision of her bare bush and puffy lips cried out for some kissing. Without another thought, I dove down and began to lick her pussy lips, to taste her very wet cunt. I slid two finger inside her hole as my lips and tongue worked on her clit. 

While I was doing this, my wife came out of the shower. Still dripping wet she knelt down behind me and started to play with my cock and kiss my back, her long wet hair dripped down my sides. 

Pretty soon I couldn't take it anymore. I got up from my breakfast and climbed on bed, on top of Dorothy. My wife, still holding onto my cock, guided me into the wet folds of Dorothy's cunt. Once there, she moved her hand around to finger Dorothy's very hard clit. I could feel her fingers bringing Dorothy closer and closer to orgasm as I pumped away at her cunt. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the ride! 

I came quickly. My cock throbbed with each load. With each load I thrust deeper and deeper into Dorothy's cunt. I could feel her throbbing beneath me as my wife's finger continued to deepen Dorothy's orgasm. I looked down and the two of them were kissing. My cock was not done. So, I returned to pumping. 

"More?" Dorothy said. 

I looked down at the two of them. "Do you mind?" 

"Fuck no." and she returned to kissing my wife. I pumped away watching the two of them kiss. Soon I was ready to cum again... and cum again I did. Not as powerful as the first one, but just as long. Stream after stream, wave after wave I felt my cock pulse inside her. 

When I was done, I rolled off and lay to the other side of Dorothy. My wife bent down and started to lick as Dorothy's cunt. "God I love the taste of the two of you together." She licked a bit more. "I'd always wondered what the two flavors would taste like mixed." 

I was half sitting up in shock. "When have you tasted Dorothy before?" 

"Oh many times" taking a quick breath and then back at it. "You know we spend most mornings together." That sent my cock back into over drive. It was beginning to calm down (although still fairly hard), but with that bit of news it came to full attention again. 

"Just a minute" Dorothy interrupted my wife. "I want to taste this too." and she moved around so she could suck on my cock. I collapsed onto the bed. 

My wife watched for a moment and then asked, "So, what do you think?" 

"You're right," Dorothy responded taking her lips off my cock for a moment. "I really am sweet tasting. But not as sweet as you. I'm a bit saltier." 

"Are you sure that's not his cum you're tasting? I thought you tasted a bit salty today too." 

"It could me Mike's cum. I mean, he certainly filled me up last night." 

"I know. God, I couldn't sleep for hours." 

"Sorry, didn't mean to keep you awake." 

"It's ok. We sort of used it as inspiration." 

"hmmmmm good!" 

Dorothy lay there sucking on my cock for a while, while my wife watched. Then suddenly, out of the blue my wife asked, "Are you always on top?" 

"Yes. Why do you ask?" Dorothy said with a look of curiosity. 

"We've never tried it is all." my wife replied. 

"How do you know she was on top?" I asked not understanding how she could have determined Dorothy was on top just from the sounds. 

"After you went to sleep, I snuck over to their room to watch." 

"Oh" I said as the thought caused my cock to surge again. 

"hmmmm," moaned Dorothy. "You like that idea." 

"What?" 

"Watching. Your cock gave a definite throb when she said she was watching us last night." 

"Well," I said trying to focus on speech, which wasn't easy given the topic and the continual on and off again of Dorothy's mouth. "Yes, I guess I do. I've often thought... ugggg" Dorothy hit a sensitive spot, "I wanted to go watch, but I've never been bold enough." 

"How about me on top?" my wife asked. 

"I ah..." not sure what to say... and certainly not thinking at the present. 

"Give it a try." said Dorothy, holding my cock straight up. "He's ready." 

My wife didn't need asking twice. She quickly moved around and was sliding down on me in moments. She was dripping wet, and not the kind you get in the shower. Dorothy kept her hand on the base of my cock, squeezing slightly to keep my erection as the proper angle. Once my wife was on and moving on her own, Dorothy slid one hand around to the back of my wife and began to play with my balls, while she slid her face to the base of my cock so she could lick my wife's clit. 

I was hard, but I'd cum twice already so I wasn't going to cum anytime soon. My wife rode me like a champion. Dorothy licked with fervour and my cock was in heaven (my mind was no where to be found). 

Eventually, as I began to feel the surge of cum building up, I could hear my wife screaming and moaning with her own pleasure. Then, Dorothy got up, straddled my face and lowered her dripping cunt onto my mouth. That was all I could take. My hips started to buck, and my tongue dug around in Dorothy's cunt, looking for any remnants of my cum still left in her. A flood of me came flowing out and I was treated to the wonder taste of us mingled together. I'd not tasted me before, so this was definitely a new experience. 

Just as it happened a flood from my loins poured out as I came really hard into my wife. Still bucking, I continued to thrust my cock into her until I felt her collapse on the bed next to me. Dorothy climbed off my face and lay overtop the two of us, her face rooting for my wife's pussy. 

"Oh, no." my wife moaned. "Give me a moment to breathe." 

"Ok." and Dorothy relaxed on top of us as we glowed with the events of the morning.