 Sitting in the chair I looked over at Lori and Christine. I didn't know what to think or how to react to this. "I'm game," Christine said as she looked at me hoping I'd agree to the foursome as well. I guess that's all they needed to hear from me. Lori and her husband Joe were into it as well, so it was up to me. 

"Alright," I said, "but not tonight, I'm all screwed out. I don't have anything left. How about tomorrow night? We'll meet here at 8PM." Everyone agreed and I got up and went back to the bedroom to gather up my clothes. Christine followed me into the room. 

"You don't seem to be into this idea. What's the matter?" she asked. 

"I don't know," I replied. And to be quite honest, I didn't know why I was questioning the idea. It's something I've thought about hundreds of times. I think I've always been afraid of it turning into less of a guy/girl thing and more of a guy/guy thing, and I wasn't into that at all. I'm open-minded and if other guys are into it, that's fine for them, but it freaks me out and I'll be out the door if he even tries anything. "I'm probably worried about nothing," I added. Christine and I said our good-byes and got in the car and I took her home before going home myself.

The next afternoon I gave Christine a call. Her mom answered and it hit me once again that this girl was only 18. I didn't know exactly what to say so I just asked if she was there. She was and her mother called her to the phone. "Do you want me to pick you up tonight?," I asked her. 

"No," she responded, "I'll meet you there, I have to do some stuff before I go over." She assured me she'd be there on time and not to worry, so I told her I'd see her later and hung-up the phone.

The rest of the day I was a little nervous. I'd never been nervous about any kind of sex in the past, but then again, I'd never had sex with another guy in the room. I'm sure I'm making a bigger deal of it then it needs to be. Besides, I'm pretty confident in bed. However the thought of me possibly fucking his wife while he watched was a little un-nerving and a little exciting as well.

It was about 7:40 p.m. and I figured I'd better head over to Lori and Joe's place. I'm not one for keeping people waiting. I pulled in the driveway and I could see through the living room window, Joe was walking around with a beer in his hand and waving at me to come in. I walked around to the back door and there was Joe waiting for me with an extra beer for me. I slipped off my shoes and made my way up the small flight of stairs. Joe shook my hand and gave me the beer which I quickly took a swig from. I was starting to feel a bit more at ease.

"Glad you could make it!," Joe exclaimed as he motioned me towards the living room. Following Joe I walked into the living room where I found Lori, Christine and some other gorgeous brunette I'd never seen before. "Mike, this is my cousin Carrie," Christine said. I shook Carrie's hand and gave a typical nice to meet you greeting. This girl was a knock out. I'd later find out she was 19 with 36-23-35 measurements but I could tell right away she was put together well. She had on a tight cut-off T-shirt that showed her hard flat stomach and her pierced belly button. It also left little to the imagination in regards to the size of her tits. They were the perfect size in my mind and firm like most young girls are. She also had a pair of Daisy Dukes on that weren't covering much. 

"Christine's told me a lot about you," Carrie said. I had a feeling I knew what that meant since she was here tonight. I'm not stupid. I knew that her being there meant that she would be taking part in the fun and our foursome had grown by one. The thought of this made me glad I'd decided to go through with this.

We sat and drank for about an hour and a half and it was becoming obvious that the girls were getting eager and a little intoxicated as well. I was sitting on the couch in between Lori and Carrie while Joe and Christine had found themselves in the recliner. Christine was situated on Joe's lap. Joe had his arms wrapped around her and they were starting to play with the front of her shirt. Christine turned her head and began kissing Joe. As I was watching this I felt a hand on my leg moving towards my crotch. It was Carrie. 

"Christine told me you're huge," she said to me as she began feeling my cock through my jeans. I leaned towards her and began kissing her as she continued to fondle me. I brought my hand up and began massaging her tits. They were nice and firm and I couldn't wait to suck on her nipples. 

"Lets get those jeans off," I heard Lori say as she started undoing my pants and moved to take up a position on the floor in front of me. As she worked to get my jeans off I had lifted Carrie's tight T-shirt over her head and began working on unhooking her tiny bra. I don't know how she was able to contain her incredible tits in that tiny pink material. It was definitley creating some awesome cleavage.

I finally got the bra unhooked and slid it off her revealing the most incredible set of tits I'd ever seen. They were perfect in every way I could imagine including the nipples that had to be the biggest I'd ever seen. I brought my mouth down to them and began sucking her tit into my mouth. While I was working over Carrie's tits, Lori had removed my jeans and was now slipping my boxers off, revealing my cock that was already starting to get hard. Lori grabbed hold of it at the base and began stroking it as she stuck it in her awaiting mouth. It wasn't long before she had my full 11 inches hard as a rock. I always did like the way she sucked my cock. 

"Let me see," Carrie said as she leaned forward and caught a glimpse of it. "Oh my god, it's huge," she said. "I've never been fucked by anything that big before."

"Don't worry," I said, You're going to get it tonight." She stood up and quickly began to remove her shorts and then her thong panties which were already soaked in the crotch.

As she got on her knees and joined Lori sucking my cock, I looked over and by this time, Christine was also situated in front of Joe and was sucking his 7 inches down her throat. Joe and I just looked at each other and grinned. "Lori's a good cock sucker isn't she?" Joe said about his wife. I just moaned an approval and looked down to see her lick my head and then hand it over to Carrie who engulfed it. Carrie had a different approach to sucking cock it appeared. There was Lori who was soft and slow and gentle. And then there was Carrie who was using her left hand to jerk me at an incredible rate while she sucked and used her teeth on my shaft. It was a little painful, but I knew I was going to get my turn to inflict a little pain on her.

"I need your cock inside me," I heard Christine say as she rolled on to her back. Joe got out of the chair and moved in between her legs. He reached out and grabbed her tits and then leaned forward to take them into his mouth. He sucked on one then the other for a few moments before pulling up and grabbing his cock. He positioned the head against Christine's pussy lips and began to separate them as he eased inside of her. She let out a moan of pleasure as she grabbed her knees and pulled her legs back to give him a better angle of attack. With each thrust she'd let out a low moan of approval and whispered something to him I couldn't quite make out.

In the meantime, Carrie was continuing her oral attack on my prick and Lori, who'd been busy removing the remainder of her clothes, was now playing with herself on the floor in front of me. I grabbed hold of Carrie's long dark hair and lifted her off my cock. "Are you ready to get fucked?," I asked her. "Ya, stick that horse cock inside me now." she replied before licking her lips. I told her to get on her hands and knees and stick her face in Lori's snatch. "I want you to lick her clit while I rip you open," I told her. She followed her orders and began working her tongue magic on Lori's pussy. I had the feeling this wasn't the first time she'd eaten muff before.

Lori was on her back moaning. She had one hand fondling her own tits while the other was between her legs spreading her cunt open so Carrie had better access. I took up my position behind Carrie. What an incredible body she had. I tried, but I just couldn't find any fault. I grabbed my cock and placed it against her pussy. I started to ease it inside a bit at a time. I knew I was opening her up wider than she'd ever been before, but I could also tell she wasn't new to this either. I eventually got the entire length inside of her and she impressed me by taking it without too much hesitation. I got myself into a good rhythm and was fucking her with a fair amount of intensity and she was meeting my every thrust. All the while, she continued to work Lori's pussy over with her mouth and tongue. 

As I was putting a fuck to Carrie, I looked over and saw that Christine was now on top of Joe, almost in a squatting position and bouncing up and down on his cock. She was facing away from him and was looking right at me with a smile on her face. I could tell she was enjoying herself. She leaned back and put her hands behind her on Joe's chest and he reached around her and fondled her tits and pinched her nipples.

By this time, any apprehension I had earlier was now gone and I was enjoying myself. I pulled out of Carrie's pussy and spoke to Joe, "Hey Joe, you wanna watch me fuck your wife now?" Joe was ready to see this and Christine rolled off of him and onto her back. Carrie quickly moved away from me and got on top of Christine in a 69 and they went to work on each other. I moved up between Lori's legs and moved my cock up against her snatch. I grabbed her legs and pushed them all the way back over her head and drove my cock into her pussy. She yelled in pain as I buried my shaft all the way inside of her in one quick motion. Joe was sitting on the couch beside us and was jerking himself. I wasted no time and began moving myself in and out of her with her pussy pulsating around my cock. I loved fucking Lori. "How's it feel honey?," Joe asked his wife. "Oh my god.... ugh....it feels...umph ....fucking incredible," she replied.

I kept fucking Lori for another five minutes or so. I knew that I would blow my load before too long and I wanted a chance to see if Carrie would be willing to take my cock up her ass. Before I could even approach her on the subject, she spoke, "Mike, Joe, I want you both to fuck me at the same time." I don't know what was going on in my head but I willing to do it. I looked at Joe and said, "You get on your back and fuck her pussy, I'll take her from behind and ream her asshole." Joe nodded and he laid down on his back. Carrie climbed up on top and took Joe's cock inside her snatch. I took up position behind her and Christine grabbed hold of my cock and said, "Let me get you ready." She sucked my cock into her mouth tasting Lori's pussy juice and got it nice and wet before she moved it over to Carrie's puckered hole. I began to push forward and Christine continued to guide and push my cock into her now opening asshole. 

For the first time I heard more than a moan from Carrie as she let out a painful scream. "Do you want me to stop?," I asked her. "NO!," she yelled back. I kept inching my way inside her until I had about 8 inches buried. I decided that was good enough and I began to match Joe's and Carrie's movements as we put a nasty fucking to her. Christine was now kneeling beside me and I kissed her and played with her tits while butt-fucking her cousin.

Joe and I worked Carrie over for about 5 minutes when I realized I was going to cum soon. Joe must have been ready as well as he asked if anyone wanted to suck him dry. Christine, who had taken an instant liking to the taste of cum moved beside him as I pulled out of Carrie and she rolled off. Christine continued jerking Joe while Lori moved in to await some spunk as well. I was standing there jerking myself when Carrie moved in front of me and began stroking my cock at a quick pace. "I want to taste your cum," she whispered to me as her pace picked up. I held off as long as I could and fired my first shot on her face and tits. She opened her mouth as wide as she could and took my cock inside to take the rest of my cum. I filled her mouth with several more doses of sperm as she had a tough time keeping it inside. I was impressed as she swallowed every last drop I had to offer.

"Oh fuck," I heard Joe say as he blew his load onto Christine's face and Lori's tits. Christine took his cock into her mouth and sucked him dry while Lori moved over to Carrie and licked my cum off her tits and then they began frenching each other while fingering each others pussy's. I just laid there exhausted and took in the view as the girls continued exploring each other and Christine and Joe made out and fondled each other.

After about ten minutes I announced I was heading to the shower to clean-up. By this time it was about 11 p.m. and I decided I was going to the bar for a drink. I asked if anyone wanted to come with me and Carrie and Christine said they would. I got the impression that Lori and Joe were going to stay behind and continue the fun. Christine, Carrie and I hoped in the shower together as we helped each other wipe the remains of the encounter off our bodies. We finished up and got dressed and went back to the Living Room where we found Lori and Joe in a 69. We didn't say a word, but instead headed for the door. Although that group action was done for the night, I had no idea what the girls would be planning for me after the bar.

To Be Continued...