 Sarah, Jeremy and I have been best friends ever since college. The three of us have always been tight, but as time passed they turned out to be the only friends from that time of my life that I stayed close to. We get together regularly, and their house is like my second home. 

Last week didn't seem any different at first. Jeremy cooked up some fat, juicy portabellas and veggie-kabobs on the barbecue, and we were chowing down on the deck, drinking G & T's.

Sarah pushed her long, black hair back out of her face as she ate. 

"Tell me what's up on the girlfriend front," she asked. "It seems like forever since we've met anyone new."

It had been several months since my last breakup. 

"Not much," I replied through a mouthful of mushroom sandwich. "I've been keeping to myself for a while now. You know it's hard for me to make anything work more than a few months at the most. I think I'm one of those people that is just happier single."

Jeremy chimed in, "There is something to be said for that. The beginning of a relationship is always the best part anyway."

Sarah gave him a quick elbow to the ribs and said with a grin, "Watch it buster. I haven't heard you complaining lately."

"You're right though, man," I said. "It's always so much more exciting in bed when you're with someone new. Once the discovery and mystery from a fresh relationship wears off, it's really hard for me to stay interested. Maybe I just haven't met the 'one' yet."

"That's possible, but it takes work to keep any sexual relationship exciting," Sarah said. "Trust me, we've been together almost ten years and our sex life is as good as ever. It's all about being open and trying new things. We fulfill each others fantasies, role-play, whatever it takes."

"I envy you guys," I told them. "It's hard for me to get comfortable enough with someone that I can open up completely in that way. I've been whacking it so much lately my hand is starting to become deformed."

Jeremy and Sarah looked at each other and it seemed like they were reading each other's minds. 

"Listen dude, now that you mention it..." Jeremy started.

"One of my longest running fantasies has been to have two men," Sarah finished. "There just isn't anyone I would rather do that with than you."

My cock sprung to attention. I think it knew what was going down before I did. I was stunned. A threesome with my two best friends had been one of my oldest fantasies too, but I never dreamed it could actually happen. 

"What do you say, man?" Jeremy asked. "It could be a mind blower."

I didn't hesitate. 

"Let's do it. I'm turned on as shit right now," I replied.

We moved into the living room and closed the curtains. Jeremy sparked a doob passed it to me. I inhaled deeply and passed it back. Sarah didn't smoke. She slowly slid off her jeans revealing her beautiful legs and white silky panties. 

"Go kiss her man," Jeremy urged. "I want to watch for a minute or two."

Any awkwardness I felt melted away with his encouraging tone. He was as turned on as I was. Sarah and I moved towards each other and embraced. As our tongues softly met I slid my hands down her back and caressed her tight little ass. Sarah's kisses became more passionate as she moved to my neck and lowered herself to her knees. As she undid my belt and slid down my pants she looked up at me.

"I can't believe I have never seen your cock," she said. 

It was hard as a rock and in her face. She took it by the shaft with a firm grip.

"It's nice, I knew it would be," she said. She flicked the head with her tongue and licked it from underneath to the tip. I quickly stripped off the rest of my clothes while she worked, taking in more and more until I was dripping with her saliva. I felt harder than I had ever been in my life.

"Mmm, your cum tastes so good," she said and licked the pre-cum off her lips...

"Does it taste different than mine?" Jeremy asked. I looked over and saw that he had gotten completely naked and was sitting on the plush carpet, slowly stroking his hard prick. My eyes almost popped out when I saw the size of him. It was absolutely the biggest, thickest cock I had ever seen. He had at least two inches on me in length and I am not small. 

"Not really," Sarah answered. "Why don't you come over here?" she said.

Sarah dropped onto her backside and stripped off her panties as Jeremy moved around us. I got down on the floor in front of her and slid my face in between her legs. I kissed and gently bit her inner thighs as I worked my way towards her hairy black bush. She leaned back, supported on her elbows and took Jeremy's huge prick into her mouth. He slowly fucked her mouth, rocking his hips back and forth. I was distracted for a second and watched as she expertly took in that entire giant dick. I got right back to work though. Her pussy was dripping wet but beautifully tight, and I slid one, then two fingers slowly inside her as I licked and sucked her juicy lips and thickening clit. The three of us seemed honed in to each other's rhythm. As I fucked her faster and harder with my fingers, concentrating on her clit with my tongue, Jeremy started to increase his speed fucking her mouth. He groaned and pulled his dick out.

"God I have to stop or I am going to cum right now," he said. "It's so fucking hot watching you eat her, man." He sat back and squeezed his fist tight around his cock.

Sarah leaned her head back and shut her eyes tight. She was absolutely gorgeous in her ecstasy. 

"Ohhh, Ohhh, Ohhh, Don't stop!" she cried. I grabbed her ass and held tight as her whole body shook with her first orgasm. She shuddered and collapsed onto her back. 

"Oh that felt so good," she moaned. "I want more."

We all lay on our sides, and I moved to Sarah's back as Jeremy moved in front. He kissed her hard on the mouth and their tongues smashed together. I ran my mouth and tongue down her back to her ass. I slid her cheeks apart and probed her ass with my tongue. 

"Oh yes, lick my ass, ohh," she moaned as I licked all around her asshole and buried my face into her backside. "That feels so fucking good," she said. I really loved her beautiful ass.

I kissed my way up to the back of her neck and guided my hard cock into her wet pussy. I felt the muscles in the walls of her pussy grip my cock as I slid in and out. 

"Oh God, fuck me harder, harder," she cried as she rocked in time with my thrusts, her ass cheeks slapping against my thighs. She and Jeremy kissed with frenetic passion as I slammed her from behind faster and faster. Her arms locked around Jeremy and pulled him tight against her body as I fucked her from behind. I felt myself starting to cum and slowed down, wanting to prolong this amazing experience. Sarah turned around to face me and we kissed deeply. She gently pushed me back against the wall as she kissed my chest and stomach. She spread my legs apart and licked her juices off of my shaft.

"I want him to taste me on your cock," she said. 

My mind exploded as I realized what was happening but it was too intense to stop. Everything seemed just perfect and right as I watched my best friend move in between my legs next to his wife and start to lick my cock. I spread my legs as wide as I could as they alternated licking and sucking my dick. Jeremy was tentative at first but very quickly got over his inhibitions, and worked on my prick more intensely. Sarah moved off to the side and caressed her pussy while she watched her husband suck my cock.

"You guys are so beautiful," she moaned as she stroked herself. Jeremy started going faster and faster and I felt myself getting ready to explode. 

"God I am going to cum right now!" I cried and shot one, two, three loads into his mouth. Jeremy slid my cock out and stroked the last drops of cum out of me with his tight fist. I dropped back against the wall, totally spent. 

"Now that is something I never thought I would see," said Sarah with a wide smile. "Amazing." 

Jeremy wiped his mouth and sat back. He stroked his hard cock and looked over at his wife. 

"Did you like that, baby?" he asked softly.

"You know I did. Now it's your turn." She leaned back and spread her legs wide. "Fuck me with that cock, baby." 

All I could do was watch as Jeremy climbed into position on top of her. I felt my dick start to stiffen again as I watched him fuck her faster and faster. By the time the two lovers reached their climax, my cock was completely erect. This was going to be a long, incredible night.