 As I drove home all I could think about was fucking Kim and sucking Larry off. I was truly amazing what could happen in a few short days. A person’s life could change. What took place in two days was a fantasy come true except that it didn’t involve my wife. I bet she would be shocked to hear what I had done. “You only live once!” I thought.

I knew I had a five-hour drive ahead of me so I figured I better get cleaned up and get a bite to eat. Sally, George and Angel would be surprised to see me so soon. I could hardly wait!

The shower felt good as the water ran all over me. I still had thoughts of Larry sucking my cock and how good Kim’s pussy felt wrapped around my cock the next day. I had to force those thoughts from my mind cause I figured I would never get out of town if I kept that up. I stepped out of the shower and glanced at the clock and realized I was running a bit late. I got dressed and got my clothes together for the next week. I grabbed my bag and headed down stairs. I rummaged through the fridge and grabbed stuff to make a sandwich. I was a man on a mission. I made sure everything was turned off; I locked the doors and climbed in to my Jeep. Glancing at my watch I saw that the time was killing me. It was now three-thirty; I had to get gas so that would put me on the road by four o’clock. I calculated the time and knew I would be pulling in to the driveway at my cabin right at nine o’clock, just after dark. 

The trip wasn’t bad; I had picked up a little extra time by forcing the speed limit. I figured I would get there by eight or a little after. I turned off of the highway on to a dirt road leading to our cabin. It was only five miles to go now. I had made it down the road about two miles when all of a sudden the left rear tire gave out, making me come to a halt. I got out and looked towards the rear and saw the tire flatter than a pancake. I knew it wouldn’t take long to change the tire so I grabbed the spare and headed for the jack. I was losing daylight now so I started to work faster.

I couldn’t find the damn jack! I started to tear the Jeep apart looking for it. “Shit! I thought I put it back last week.” I thought to myself. But as I was finding out, I hadn’t. It was now pushing nine o’clock and darkness had come up on me quickly. “I guess I’ll have to change it in the morning!” I thought. I grabbed a flashlight and made sure my vehicle was secure. I locked it up and headed off down the road towards the cabin. My pace picked up the closer I got to the cabin and when I had it in sight I figured I would take a break and look at the stars. It was a beautiful night the stars were shining everyplace you looked. It was still warm with barely a breeze. I had worked up a sweat and took off my shirt; I leaned back on a log not more than a hundred feet from the cabin. 

I heard a faint laugh in the distance and wondered what Sally and our guests were up to. They probably were playing a card game or something. The noise coming from the cabin grew louder and the tone changed; I wondered what was going on. I grabbed my stuff and headed for the cabin. I knew that Sally, Angel and George didn’t know I was out there so I figured I would sneak up on them. I made my way to the side of the cabin where the sounds were coming from. It was hard to focus because of the shear blinds covering the windows but I let my eyes adjust and what a sight I saw… 

There was my Sally completely naked on the floor. She was down on her hands and knees facing away from the window. I could clearly see her pussy lips bulging out from her backside and her ass looked fantastic! In front of my wife stood George, with a raging hard-on. He had his hands on the back of Sally’s head plunging his cock in to her mouth. Below my wife was Angel on her back eating my wife’s pussy. My head started to spin, I couldn’t believe my wife and friends were going at it!

I lowered my stuff to the ground quietly and slipped my shorts down. I grasped my now hard cock between my fingers and slowly started to stroke away. The scene before me was making me so hot I beat faster. George stopped fucking my wife’s mouth and moved behind her.

“Oh, Sally! Your ass looks so fucking good. I can’t wait to fuck it.” George stated.

“Please stick your cock in my pussy first. I need to be filled up now!” Sally almost demanded.

I watched as George positioned himself so his cock was now at Sally’s pussy opening. Her pussy juices made her lips shine in the light. George slipped the head past her lips then he buried himself deep. Sally let out a moan of approval and pushed backwards on his cock. Here was my wife getting banged from my best friend and her pussy licked from Angel! Shit this was great!!!

“Yes George, fuck me harder! Fuck my pussy nowwww!” Sally moaned.

Angel in the mean time was working furiously on Sally’s clit. Every once in a while she would reach up and suck her husband’s balls. George continued to bang away while Sally pushed back. 

“Fuck me George I’mmmm cummmming!” Sally moaned out. 

Her body started to quiver and shake. Just like she would do with me. George slipped his cock out of Sally’s pussy and moved it up to her waiting asshole. George reached down and ran his hand up between Sally’s pussy lips grabbing as much pussy juice as he could and coated her asshole with it. His cock wasn’t much bigger than my own but it was a bit fatter. When he pushed his cock head in, Sally cried out in pain and pleasure!

“Oh yes fuck my asssssss. Fuck me, fuck meeeeee!” She hollered out. “I’m cummmming!”

George proceeded to comply with her wishes! He pushed his cock in to the depths of my Sally’s ass! She continued to cum as he used her ass. Her body seemed to shake out of control.

“Oh Sally baby, I’m going to fill your ass now! I’mmmmm cummmming!” George blurted out. 

I could see Sally push her ass back in to his groin. George was driving his cock in deeper and deeper. This sight amazed me, my wife had never ever let me fuck her ass and here she was, getting it filled up by George! I lost it and started to squirt cum all over the side of the cabin. With each stroke I wanted the cock in my wife’s ass to be mine. I don’t think I had ever cum as hard. It was very difficult not to holler out but I managed to keep my mouth shut!

George seemed to relax on my Sally’s back, he was bent over and I could clearly see his wet ball sack and his brown puckered asshole. The view was incredible! Angel was still below Sally but now my wife was bending her mouth towards her pussy. 

“Fuck! My wife even eats pussy!” I thought!

It didn’t take long and Angel was withering on the floor, she arched her back and started to cum. He head shook from side to side and her fingers were pinching her own nipples.

“Sally, don’t stop nowwwww! Suck my pussy. Oh, you suck my pussy soooo gooooood! Kim moaned.

I was completely transfixed by the bodies lying on the floor. It was hard to imagine what I had just witnessed, the beauty of it all. The bare flesh, sweat and juices flowed. Ecstasy was in the air! 

When I came to my senses I turned from the window and fell towards the side of the cabin. My own shorts tripped me up. I made a huge commotion. I pulled up my shorts, grabbed my things and headed for the woods near by. The noise had even scared me! My heart was racing faster and faster! I hide fairly close to the cabin but I was clearly out of sight. I could hear everyone in side running around. I laughed to myself. I could just envision everyone with no clothes on scampering about, wondering what to do next.

I heard the front door open up and out popped George with a baseball bat in his hands. It was comical because I could see his cock swinging between his legs; he hadn’t bothered to put any clothes on! 

“Who’s out there?” He hollered out. “You better show yourself before I start shooting”

I was rolling in the weeds by this time. I knew I could really shake things up if I threw something his way. I looked and found a couple of rocks, picking one up I tossed it on the other side of the cabin. George spun around facing that way. 

“I’m not playing, you better show yourself.” George said with panic in his voice.

I threw one more small rock and it bounced on the porch landing near George. He spun around once again facing me. He peered in to the night, holding that stupid bat!

“Ben! Is that you?” he questioned. “I’m going to kick your ass Ben!” he said.

I figured I better reveal myself before he had a heart attack!

“What are you going to do? Shot me with that damn bat?” I asked while I stepped out of the woods. 

I could tell that George was pissed off because of the way he jumped off of the porch, running towards me. I knew I better be on the run as well so I ran towards the beach of the lake. 

“I’m gonna beat your ass Ben! Wait till I get a hold of you!” George hollered.

I ran a short ways down the beach with George hot on my trail. I heard him mumble something about beating my ass, which made me laugh louder! I turned around and saw that I had a lead on him, so I decided to change directions and head up to the cabin. I stumbled a bit and George made up ground. Just as I hit the porch George was in reaching range of me, he grabbed me by the neck. He put me in a headlock and started to wrestle with me. George had my head bent over and I was almost at eye level to his cock. I reached out and squeezed as hard as I could! George let out a yelp but I didn’t let go. 

“Do you give up George?” I questioned him. “Give up or I’ll squeeze until your eyes pop out! Let go of my head!” I barked at him.

“I give up, I give up, let go of my dick!” George replied.

When George let go of my head, I released his cock after one final squeeze slash pull. I had noticed that he started to grow a bit. George had this funny look on his face. 

“What in the hell are you doing with no clothes on George?” I asked. “What the hell is going on here?”

“Be quiet Ben you’ll wake up Sally!” he said as he motioned with his finger to his lips. 

“Shit if she isn’t awake by now, she must be dead!” I muttered, “What the hell is going on? You still haven’t answered me?”

“Let’s go inside and I’ll explain everything.” George replied.

I shut the door behind us and George made his way in to the kitchen. I looked around and neither of the girls could be seen. The lounge chair and couch had been moved to accommodate the sexual adventures I’d witnessed. There was a pile of blankets in the middle of the floor and a bunch of pillows. I wondered were the girls had scampered off to? 

Let me explain the layout of my cabin. The downstairs area consisted of a kitchen & dining room combined, a living room with a fireplace, a laundry room, one small bedroom and a full bathroom. We had three bedrooms up stairs and the master bedroom had a big attached bathroom. The stairwell came down in between the kitchen and living room. It was really a home not a cabin but we called it one just the same. 

“Grab me a beer would you George?” I asked. 

George was still buck assed naked when he handed me my beer. It was getting hard not to glance at his cock. It looked inviting to me. I started to think on how I could turn the tide on George and get him to let me suck his cock, but George’s voice brought me back to my senses. 

“Let me explain what Angel and I were up to tonight.” He said.

“I can see you guys must have been enjoying yourselves!” I piped in. 

“Where’s my wife at?” I asked him.

“Sally went to bed around seven o’clock with a massive migraine headache. She said she was going to take a few pills and I guess they pretty well knocked her out because we hadn’t heard a movement from upstairs.” He said. “I think Angel is up there checking in on her now.”

“So what’s up with your sudden need to display your privates to me?” I laughed.

“I’ve always been comfortable about showing my body, I never knew how you would take it so I and Angel always wore clothes around you guys.” He said. “We figured with Sally conked out we had some freedom to go naked.”

“Well I don’t have a problem seeing you naked but I would rather be looking at Angel than you!” I said.

We both laughed and I headed for another beer. I grabbed one for George as well and I motioned for him to head for the couch. We made some more small talk. George still was sitting there with nothing on. I heard someone on the steps and looked up. Down the steps came Angel with a very revealing robe on. It was so shear that she might as well had nothing on. He body just glowed in the soft light. I could see her nipples jutting out from under the wrap. I glanced down and could clearly see that she had no panties on just her exposed pussy. The closer she came to us the better view we had and I saw that there wasn’t a bit of hair on her pussy! She looked great and I felt my cock flinch and start to grow. Angel sat next to her husband on the arm of the couch. Her robe slip open and I had an eye full of pussy. 

“Ops!” She said, with this big smile on her face. 

I glanced over at George and saw that I wasn’t the only one getting excited. His cock was now pointing to the sky. This was fucking great; I was getting so turned on.  “Ben, have you ever thought about having sex with Angel?” George questioned me.

“I don’t know how to answer that, George.” I stammered.

“Come on, we’re all adults here. Have you ever thought about sticking your hard cock in to my wife’s mouth or pussy?” He asked again.

I glanced over towards Angel and she had let her robe fall open again. She had one hand rubbing up and down her inner thigh. You had to be blind to see that she was making me hard as a rock! 

“I, ah, never gave it much thought.” I lied. “Why do you ask?”

“I’m just curious. I’ve seen how you look at Angel. There have been times when you had pure lust in your eyes.” He said. “Have you and Sally ever wanted to be in a three way or four way sexual affair?” He asked.

It was really getting hard not to shout out that I wanted to fuck and suck them both, but I held my composure. I looked over at Angel; her hand now had reached her pussy. She moved one leg up over the couch arm so she was now straddling the arm, exposing her pussy for all to see! All I could see was bare flesh, her red bush covering her pussy was gone!

“Yea, I guess Sally and I both have thought about swinging but we’ve never attempted to go beyond fantasy.” I quickly replied, trying to hide my raging hard on.

“What if I told you I’ve always had a thing for Sally, Ben? What would you think if I said Angel wanted to fuck your brains out?” George inquired.

All of this talk was making my shorts wet from my pre-cum. I had a huge wet spot and I think the both of them spotted it. All I could do was squirm. 

“I don’t know if Sally would approve of me fucking your wife!” I managed to get out. “Besides, I haven’t even heard Angel say anything about all of this.”

“Everything is true Ben. I’ve wanted you for a long time but we’ve never had an opportunity come up like this!” She purred! “Believe me Ben, I bet Sally would even go along with it!” She said.

My mind was racing now. I knew by the sounds of things I was going to get laid tonight! I only hoped my wife would hurry up some how and get involved. 

“Hey guys, I’m not so sure of this.” I responded, not letting on about my true feelings!

“What would it take to convince you Ben?” George asked. “If Angel came over there right now and wrapped her lips around your cock, would you stop her? Would you hold back from forcing your hard cock deep in to her waiting mouth? I bet not! If Sally walked down those steps naked and walked over to me begging for my cock, would you stop her?”

Angel got up and made her way over to me and dropped to her knees in front of me. She reached up and removed her robe letting it fall to the floor. When she reached for my shorts there was no holding back! We had reached the point of no return! Angel tugged at my shorts and I accommodated her desires and let them slide off of me. She reached out her hand and tenderly caressed my throbbing cock. Her hand wrapped around the base of my cock and slowly worked upwards. She licked her lips! When she reached the head of my cock she ran her fingers over my slit, coating them with pre-cum. She released my cock and stuck her fingers in her mouth, licking at them. 

“Oh you taste so good Ben. Would you like to taste me my juices?” She asked

All I could do was shake my head yes. I couldn’t even speak because I was so excited. Angel spread her legs, letting me see her wet pussy lips. She slipped her fingers between her legs running them between her open pussy. When she had finished she moved her hand to my mouth. I sucked her fingers in, tasting her succulent juices. I ran my tongue over and between her fingers getting every last drop from her pussy off of them.

Her hand reached once more for my member. Her hand slowly stroked me and then she lowered her mouth down enveloping my pulsating cock head. Angel swirled her tongue around the rim and then proceeded to slip more of me in. Her other hand reached out and cupped my balls, gently kneading them like soft dough. Angel kept this up for what seemed like an eternity. I leaned back and closed my eyes. 

I was totally enjoying myself; completely oblivious to my surroundings, so I hadn’t even heard Sally coming down the steps. When I at last opened my eyes there she was, standing by Angel’s side. Sally had this fantastic smile on her face. She dropped to her knees along side of Angel.

“Do you think you can share some of that?” Sally said pointing to my cock. 

Angel slowly removed her mouth.

“I think you can. How about it Ben? Do you want me or her?” Angel asked.

“I want you both!” I replied.

Sally’s hand, along with Angel’s grabbed my cock. When Sally moved her mouth over my cock, lowering her lips, I almost shot my load. Sally squeezed my cock hard enough to stop my wanting advances. While Sally sucked my cock Angel lowered her hands to my balls. Then Angel lowered one hand to my puckered asshole. 

“How did she know that I loved that?” I wondered. I glanced up and saw George with his raging hard on walk over next to my wife. He looked down at me for approval and I just shook my head. He dropped to his knees behind my wife and lifted her ass off of the carpet. She complied easily by wiggling her butt at him slowly. I peered over her shoulder and saw George lay his cock on her butt, just above her cheeks. He slipped it up and down between her ass cheeks and then he went for the gusto and entered her waiting pussy. Sally drove her mouth deeper on to me, grinding her lips at the base of my cock.

“Hey guys! What about me?” Angel asked with a whine.

I reached out and grabbed my wife’s head and pulled her off of my cock. My cock hit my belly with a plopping sound. 

“May I?” I asked glancing in to my wife’s eyes. They had a twinkle about them. She nodded yes!

Angel stood up and wrapped her arms around my neck and her legs around my waist. Her pussy was poised over my groin and I reached out to stand up my soldier. Her pussy descended ever so slowly. I loved looking at her bare pussy lips bulge out when I entered her. When our groins met she stopped and her mouth shot out to mine. I could feel her tongue working on mine furiously. She raised her hips and forced herself back down quickly. I moved my hands to her breasts, pulling gently on each nipple. I repositioned myself on the chair by spreading my legs wider so she wouldn’t knock me over. My butt checks were hanging damn near off of the chair now. I scooted as far as I could go without falling to the floor.

I didn’t even notice it at first but I soon felt someone touch my balls. I figured it was my Sally by the soft touch. I then felt something completely foreign to me. A tongue touched my asshole. I tried to glance down but Angel’s body was blocking my view. I grabbed Angel and stopped her movements, and then pushed her gently to one side, making sure I was still in her. She moaned out with her disapproval. I just had to see who it was. I finally had my chance and low and behold it was George at my asshole! Just with the thought of having him tongue me sent me over the top. He was on his back with his head between my legs. Fuck this was great!
