 One of the things I like about selling cars is that I get to meet a lot of new people.

I especially enjoy the warmer weather when the ladies wear less clothing. I think that like me a lot of car salesmen hope but don't expect to get lucky some day with a horny lady we meet on the lot. I figured if it ever did happen it would be with a lady my age or older. I think my odds of hitting the lottery are better than what actually happened to me though.

It was mid-May and in the Atlanta area the temperatures were in the low nineties already. Women were wearing a lot less clothing than they were just a month or two ago. I was really enjoying seeing all the legs and cleavage. Once in a while we would see one in Daisy Dukes or a real short mini skirt and we had some in shorts with just their bikini top.

On one particularly warm day I came upon a hot young black girl. Her name was Kim and she was bright and outgoing. As we talked she would put her hand on my arm and squeeze. If I didn't know better I'd think she was flirting with me. She was about 5' 6" and 110 lbs., her skin was light brown, she had nice long legs and I guess c cup titties. Her ass was nice and plump, her lips were full and were the kind we call "dick sucking lips", her nipples were rather large and poking at the fabric of her top. She wore a very short white tennis skirt, a pink tank top with no bra, and white high heeled sandals. The top stopped midway down her waist so I could see her cute little navel. She had the face of a 16 year old and the body of a 21 year old.

Normally I'd be saying to myself "she's hardly old enough to drive; how is she going to buy a car?' I would still treat her same as any other customer though but in the back of my head I'd have serious doubts about this sale. Today however I was glad to have her to talk to and a test drive would at least get me off the lot for a little while. We walked and talked with her not showing much interest in any of our vehicles until we came upon a long Escalade ESV with dark tinted windows. 

"I want to drive this one" she said.

I'm thinking "there is now way this little girl is getting this huge truck! It's over $40,000 and this one is used so it's harder to finance!" I was bored to tears though so I opened it up and handed her the keys. I got her license to copy and was surprised to find she had just turned 18 a few months ago. I copied the license and gave it back to her as I sat in the passenger seat, then we were off.

Since she lived locally I told her just to drive wherever she wanted to. We chatted as she drove mainly about her, not the car. She was a cheerleader at one of the local high schools and it was her senior year. She planned to go to college and study medicine but was going party her ass off this summer.

She pulled into a nice neighborhood and asked if she could show it to her friend. I was bored anyway so I told her it was OK. She parked the truck and went to the door of her friend's house and soon returned with an equally hot white girl. This one was pale white with jet black hair halfway down her back. She was a little taller and thinner than Kim and had small but perky tits. Her ass was smaller but nicely shaped and firm. She was wearing short pink shorts and a white cutoff t shirt and sandals. I could feel myself starting to get hard and it took a lot of self-control to remain soft at this point.

"Can Stephanie come along for the rest of the drive?" Kim asked.

"Sure" I replied.

I hopped in the back seat and let Stephanie in the front and we left to complete the test drive. Kim knew where she wanted to go so I just sat back and let the girls enjoy the drive. 

"So, I bet you've had some crazy stuff happen on test drives before haven't you? Kim asked.

I replied that yes I've had some crazy stuff happen on test drives. I told her about the lady in her 80's that got a Camaro sideways on a busy street when she wanted to "see what this baby will do." I told the girls how we had named her "The Little Old Lady from Pasadena." We laughed about that as Kim pulled into a park. She drove to the back of the park to an area that was remote and secluded. 

"I want to check out the back seat." She said opening the door.

She opened the back door and sat next to me. 

"I know you've seen some crazy shit but have you ever had this happen?"

With that she lifted her top up exposing her luscious tits. They were large and firm, she didn't need a bra to keep them up. Her areolas were large and her nipples were like pencil erasers. I didn't know what to say, I just stared.

"You can touch em if you want to!"

I didn't need to be told twice! I reached out and grabbed a breast in each hand. Her skin was so soft! I massaged them and pinched her nipples. My cock was so hard it hurt!

"Go ahead, suck em! You know you want to! Stephanie said.

I must have looked a little unsure.

"It's OK, I love having my titties sucked" Kim said.

Again, I didn't need her to say it twice. I immediately took a nipple in my mouth. I circled my tongue round and round and bit her nipple lightly. She seemed to like that.

"Oh yeah baby, bite my titties!"

She reached down to my crotch and started rubbing my cock. I reached under her skirt and felt her warm wet pussy; she was not wearing panties! I ran a finger up and down her slit while I sucked first one nipple then the other. I gave her clit a little pinch then slid a finger up in her. I slid my finger in and out and added another finger. She was tight and wet, her pussy was dripping wet. I used the two fingers to fuck her and my thumb to rub her clit. She moaned and squirmed under my touch. I took my mouth off her tit and was about to go down on her when she pushed me back and said "my turn."

She slid off the seat and knelt before me. She soon had my cock out of my pants and started sucking it furiously. She bobbed her head up and down and played with my balls. She was taking almost the whole thing in each time she plunged her mouth down on it. I could feel the tip of my cock hit her throat each time. It was all I could do to keep from blowing my load right then. I looked up at Stephanie who was watching intently. I took my still wet fingers and put them in my mouth. Oh her pussy juice tasted good! Stephanie saw this and said "I want some!"

I put two fingers in her open mouth to give her a taste of her friend's pussy then gave her a long passionate kiss. When we finished she said "damn girl, that pussy's tastin good!'

Meanwhile Kim had taken off her shoes and was taking off her skirt, when she had the skirt off I helped her to get her top off. Once she was completely naked she spun around and laid her head on the seat with her ass sticking out towards me. She told me "cum on dude, give it to me." 

As I slid my cock in Kim's tight pussy I looked over to see that Stephanie had opened her door and stepped out. She was removing her clothes and soon a now naked Stephanie opened the back door on my side and squeezed in behind me. She started playing with my balls and rubbing my ass as I pounded her friend.

I was about to blow but didn't want to yet so I pulled out of Kim and started licking and sucking her asshole. Stephanie saw this and since I was now bent over with my ass pointing at her she started doing the same to me. Her tongue darted in and out of my asshole and licked my balls and taint while I licked Kim thoroughly from her clit to her asshole. Kim looked back and saw what Stephanie was doing and told her "yeah you nasty bitch, lick that hole!" 

When I felt like I could go on I stopped licking Kim and slid my cock back in her pussy. It was so tight and incredibly warm! I fucked her for a while and then pulled out and started rubbing my cock on her asshole. 

"Yeah baby, stick it up my ass!" 

I slid my cock in Kim's tight ass using her pussy juice for lubrication. It went in OK but was even tighter than her pussy was. It was so tight it almost hurt. I started pounding her ass for all I was worth as she moaned and yelled. Stephanie was now sucking my balls as I fucked Kim. 

"Oh yeah boy, fuck that ass! Get it! Fuck it! I'm gonna cum! Oh God, I'm comiiiiiiiiing! Kim screamed. 

I reached around and grabbed her pussy and she gushed thick white cum all over my hand. About then Stephanie pushed a finger up my ass and that was it for me. I pumped Kim's ass full of cum and just held my cock in her ass as I caught my breath and my cock softened and eventually slid out. I sat back on the seat and Stephanie immediately started licking my cock clean.

"MMMM, cum and cunt juice" she exclaimed as she continued to lick my now soft rod.

Kim lay back in the seat on her back with her ass on the edge and when Stephanie was done with me she started licking Kim clean. Some cum had started oozing out of her ass and Stephanie lapped it up like a cat drinking milk. She stuck her tongue in and rooted around trying to get more. 

"Come on girl push out the rest of that cum for me" she said.

Kim gave a push and her ass made an obscene gurgling farting sound as the cum started to come out of her ass.

"Cum fart cocktail" Stephanie giggled as she dove back in to lick it all up. 

Stephanie licked up all the cum that came out then put her mouth around Kim's hole and tried to suck more out. Soon she had thoroughly cleaned her friend and she turned to me.

"Please tell me you can get it up again" she pleaded.

"No problem, just give me a minute" I told her. 

Kim got out to stretch her legs and Stephanie crawled over me and lay where Kim had been. She spread her legs and rubbed her pussy up and down and asked if I was hungry. I dove into her pussy. It tasted as good as any pussy I've ever had and while Kim had small lips and clit she had bug luscious lips and her clit was the size of the end of my pinky. I sucked it into my mouth and nibbled at it and she went off like a rocket. She squeezed my head between her thighs and flooded my mouth with her juice.

By then Kim had come around to the other side and was on her knees sucking my cock. It wasn't long before I was fully hard again. Stephanie saw this and rolled over. She assumed the position with her elbows on the seat and her knees on the floor with her ass sticking out right at me. I slid my cock into her cunt and started fucking her good. Kim was playing with my balls and kissing my neck as I pumped away. I fucked her through another orgasm and pulled out. I started licking her little pink rosebud and she moaned with pleasure. I started tongue fucking her ass as best I could. It was so tight I could barely fit it in but I kept at it until I felt her relax and her ass loosened up and let me in. I got up behind her and rubbed my cock on her bud.

I want you to fuck my ass but I've never done it before so please take it slow and don't hurt me much." she said.

"Don't worry, you're gonna love this." I assured her.

She was very tight as I pushed against her opening but when I reached around to rub her big clit she loosened up a bit. I worked slowly an inch at a time until I was balls deep then started slowly pumping her. I gradually increased my pace and soon I was pounding her hard. My cock was going in quite easily now. I pulled out and spread her cheeks and her ass gaped open wide. Kim gasped at the site.

"Damn girl! I can see all up inside you! She exclaimed.

I plunged back in her and pounded away while rubbing her clit and she came again.

Oooooh shit! Fuck! Fuck my dirty ass mother fucker!

I pulled out of her gaping ass and plunged into her dripping cunt and in a few short strokes I shot my load deep in her. We both collapsed on the seat as Kim moved in to lick us clean. I thanked them for the best test drive ever and they thanked me for another wild experience. Then told me that the entire cheerleading squad was a bunch of sluts like them and they were in kind of a competition to see who could be the biggest slut. It started with them daring each other to blow or fuck different boys at school and progressed to doing it with older men who they did not know. One girl had blown a waiter in the restroom. Another had fucked her older neighbor and two of them had called for a pizza and had a threesome with the delivery guy, another pair picked up a hitchhiker and fucked him at the rest stop. They were just trying to one up the others.

We tried to clean up the truck before heading back to the dealership but it still reeked of pussy. I planned on washing my hands and face and putting on some cologne then spraying deodorizer in the car but I didn't even make it to my office before a young couple stopped me and wanted to see that same vehicle. I tried to discourage them but could not. We got in the vehicle and I could smell pussy immediately, I think the guy could too. He kept sniffing and gave me an odd look. Luckily his wife was wearing so much perfume I don't think she could smell it. I got busy after they left and never had a chance to spray the Escalade and a day or so later when one of our female salespeople took a couple out to show it the looks on their faces when they got out was priceless. It was then taken back to detail to be cleaned again.

I gave both girls my card and they both gave me their phone numbers. They said they had all summer and i should call them some time. I did and I'm invited to a kegger at Stephanie's house next weekend. Hopefully there is another story coming after that.