  This is based on true events from way back in the dark ages when I took a cruise for my spring break. Notice I say "based on" because much of it is what I wished had happened. 

I was in my senior year of college in the state of New York. As everyone knows, the winters can be bad and all college students look forward to spring break. I was no different. About two months before spring break, a friend of mine came and asked me if I wanted to go on a cruise. He and another of our mutual friends were looking at taking a cruise out of NYC to Nassau in the Bahamas. It was a cruise that fit perfectly into our spring break period. It left on the Saturday after we got out on Friday and came back the following Saturday. That was perfect. I managed to scrounge up one more person who had saved enough to do the cruise so that we could get double rooms (cheaper) and the four of us made our reservations. It would turn out better than even I had suspected.

We boarded on Saturday and had the mandatory boarding picture taken, the four of us grinning widely. We were looking forward to the cheap beer, the casino, and, yes, the chance to meet women. We were, after all, 21, getting ready to graduate, and hormone-driven.

The cruise got underway and that evening we visited several of the bars, checking out what they had going on. There were three places that had live music and a few others that were just bars. We settled on the live rock music, figuring it to be our best chance to score. We were not wrong!

We were drinking the very cheap Heinekens, which was amazing for us, the struggling college students. We had all had to scrape together enough money for the tickets and sufficient spending cash for the trip, so this was really living it up for us. Finally, about 11pm, in walked 6 women, all decent looking and apparently all together. They looked to be at least our age, maybe a little older. I watched them walk in and turned to look at my buddies. Nobody had missed their entrance. It only took a couple of minutes for them to get some drinks before Joe, our smoothest, talk-any-woman-out-of-her-panties individual, got up to ask one to dance. He approached a buxom blonde and as soon as she said yes, I was right behind him. I asked the auburn-haired woman. She was not gorgeous, but decent-looking and when she smiled, her whole face lit up. Two things I always liked were red/auburn hair and a good smile. She was wearing a knee length black skirt and a light green top, like a t-shirt, with a matching light sweater over it. I found out her name was Chelsea. We danced to some rock music and I noticed that the rest of the guys were also on the dance floor. 

Finally, when a slow dance (for rock anyway) came on, we got into the typical clinch, molded our bodies to each other, and moved as one around the floor. Once I put my arm around her waist, I realized that she had a narrow waist. Her tits looked pretty good size, so I was surprised by that. The top she was wearing with the sweater dropped down so that it was tough to determine her actual shape until now. I could feel her decent sized tits pressing against me as we moved, her perfume made her smell wonderful, and she wiggled deliciously. It had been a couple of months since I had had sex, so my dick started reacting. As soon as the hardness was apparent to her, she pressed her hip against it. That only made it worse. Soon I had a full-fledged boner and she was rubbing it mercilessly. 

When the song ended she looked up at me and laughed. "I think we'd better do something about that before you ruin your pants, don't you think?"

I was a little shocked at her candor. At 21, I had not met many women who were that forward. "Yeah, sure." That was all I could manage.

"C'mon." She grabbed my hand. "Let's get some air."

As we passed by her friends, she gave them a little wave and they all smiled wickedly. None of my buddies were at the table, so they would have to just guess where I was.

Once we got outside the bar, she led me out onto the deck. We had only left NYC a few hours ago and since it was March it was still pretty brisk outside. She led me over to the railing and leaned against it, taking my hands and pulling me up against her from behind, my dick settling into her ass. "Mmmm. Put your arms around me and keep me warm. I like being out here, looking at the ocean, just the two of us."

I complied quickly, dying to get my hands on her. I put my arms round her and she grabbed my hands, holding me with my arms wrapped around her. She was warm and cuddly and driving me insane. She made little movements with her hips designed to antagonize my helplessly trapped dick. I put my face into her hair and nuzzled down into her neck. She purred.

"Mmmm. I like having my neck kissed and sucked." When she said that, I burrowed in between her shoulder length hair and started doing just that. Then she took my hands and placed them on her tits. Wow! They were phenomenal. I could feel the bulk and the nipples were straining against the material of her blouse and sweater in the brisk breeze.

"Okay. I think I've had enough of that." She turned and faced me, still in my arms. I must have looked like I thought she was going to stop our little tryst. "Don't worry." She reached down and grabbed my dick. "I'm not going to leave you like this. I have to get this dick in me. I'm so horny and I need you to fuck me." My surprise was probably evident on my face. "What? Didn't any of your other women ever look into your eyes and say, 'Fuck me, baby! I need that dick'?"

"No." I tried to sound nonchalant, but I must not have been as good as I thought because she laughed.

"C'mon, let's go to my room." We went back inside and down about three levels to the same level that my buddies and I were on. She led me down the corridor and into her room. It was a double.

When we got inside she turned and kissed me like I had never been kissed before. Her tongue was all over; in my mouth and sparring with my tongue. Finally, she pulled back. "Fuck, you kiss back really well." She started getting undressed. "Get undressed. I need to get fucked."

If there were an Olympic event for a man to take off a shirt, pants, underwear, shoes and socks, I would have set the record that night. She was pretty quick, too, and once we were naked I was amazed at her body. Her tits were high and tight C-Cups. Her nipples were the kind that pointed a little upwards, like they were reaching toward the heavens. Her hips were full, her waist small, as I discovered on the dance floor, and her pubic hair was not shaved, but trimmed close. She was a goddess!

She smiled at me, licked her lips, and then put her hands on my chest and pushed me back on the bed. I sat down and she crawled on top of me. She pushed me onto my back, my legs dangling over the side of the bed, and kissed me. I wasted no time in grabbing her ass and feeling what a wonderfully firm one it was. I started running my hands all over her back and ass and she was sucking my tongue like a dick. Speaking of which, it was buried up against her pubic mound, the hair tickling it, leaking like a sieve. 

She broke our kiss, slid down, grabbed my dick, looked up at me and said. "I love to suck dick. Do you like it when a woman sucks your dick?" Her answer was the twitch in my dick and my groan. She smiled. "Just let Chelsea take care of you." And then she proceeded to give the best blowjob I had ever had in my short life. She didn't just suck my dick, she worshipped it; she made love to it with her mouth. She knew every little spot that made my dick twitch and made me groan, and this just reinforced her commitment to making me cum... which didn't really take that long. 

I realized I was getting close, so I tapped her on her head and said. "I'm going to cum soon." She just smiled at me with my dick in her mouth and started a straight up-and-down bob on my dick. She wanted my cum. Who was I to deny her the reward she worked so hard far? And then I came. And I mean I really came. She had me so worked up that my first spasm brought my legs up to the level of the bed and my entire torso off the bed. Still she worked on my dick, not letting go until I had three such major spasms and several minor ones and settled back, sated for the moment.

I sat up and looked at her. "Damn, Chelsea, that was fantastic!"

She got up and sat down next to me. "You bet it was. Now it's your turn. I hope you can eat pussy, because I want you to eat mine until your dick is hard again. Then we have to fuck."

"Yes, I can eat pussy, but I really don't think it will take long for my dick to get hard with you. You are so fucking gorgeous and you suck dick like a vacuum cleaner!"

She lay across the bed, opened her legs as her hands ran over her body, and said "Prove it!"

I leaned over and kissed her again... hard. I had my hands all over her tits and pussy, playing as I made my way from her mouth to those glorious nipples. 

"Mmmm. My nipples are so sensitive. Suck them. That really gets me worked up."

I obliged. Her nipples were small, but firm gumdrops on top of nice pink areola. I sucked on the left, then the right, my right hand in her pussy the entire time. She was already soaking, so I was running my fingers thru her gash, just stroking her. I then moved down to find that she had the most beautiful pussy. It was bright pink, with full outer lips, and inner lips that were just peeking out. The hair was trimmed short and the light reddish color meant that everything was visible. I started licking her slit and pushed her legs back towards her chest. She immediately grabbed them and pulled them back, fully exposing her sex to me. It also made her asshole available and I made a couple of swipes across it with my tongue. She moaned. I then licked back up thru her cunt and coaxed her clit out of hiding. It was so sensitive that as soon as I sucked a little on it, she went off, having a major orgasm . She held my head still and jerked against my face several times. I just kept my tongue pressing against her clit until she finished.

That was my clue to fuck her. My dick had gotten hard again during this time and as soon as she came, I got up and crawled on top. She waited for a second to catch her breath, and then she reached down and guided my dick into her. 

"Oh, yeah. That's what I needed! Fuck me, baby! I need to cum again!"

I started thrusting into her, making sure every thrust ended with me buried against her pubic mound, rubbing against her clit. She writhed beneath me and yelled. "Pound me! Just do it hard!" 

I did, and when she came, it was like riding a rodeo bull. She jerked and bucked so much I thought she was going to throw me! But in the end, she finished and I still had a hard-on. 

Chelsea rolled me over on my back, my dick barely slipping from her before she remounted. She mashed her pubic mound onto mine so hard when she dropped down I flinched. She started bouncing up and down, muttering "Oh,yeah." I was holding her hips because she was bouncing so hard I was afraid she was going to bruise my pubic bone. She had been doing this with her eyes closed, but now opened them, looked at me with a smile and said, "C'mon baby, give me that second load. I want you to cum in me." It was the final straw, hearing her mouth those words I instantly injected her pussy with cum. She felt me go off and leaned over me; slowing dragging her hips up and then back down, making my dick jerk due to the sensitivity. "Let me have it all."

"Oh, fuck!" I finally spoke again after I was finished. "Wow! That was fantastic! And, yes, I think you got it all."

She smiled. "Good."

Suddenly we heard a key in the lock and I struggled to get up so that I could cover myself or hide. She grinned wickedly. "Where do you think you're going?"

"Your roommate...." I started to say, but then the door opened and in walked a small brunette. She was one of the women who had come into the bar with her, but she was coming back alone. I froze into position, holding Chelsea down on top of me. I had never in my life had someone observe me having sex, or even been in a room with two women while naked. 

Chelsea chuckled at my predicament. Her roommate didn't bat an eye, so I knew that they were more comfortable with this than I was. Chelsea turned to her roommate. "Suzy, I want you to meet Dennis. Dennis, this is my roommate Suzy. We are roommates in Philadelphia, too. We share an apartment and both work at a hospital as nurses."

I said a tentative hello to Suzy while lying on my back, Chelsea astride my groin. My deflated dick had slipped from her and I was hesitant about getting up in front of her roommate.

Chelsea looked at me and laughed. "Suzy, I think you are making Dennis uncomfortable. He's not used to being naked after having sex with one woman and then having to talk to another. Maybe you should go into the bathroom while he gets up and dressed."

Suzy smiled and as she headed for the bathroom said. "Nice to meet you, Dennis." 

Chelsea got off me and I hurriedly got dressed. "I'm just not used to having strange women ogling me after I have sex with their roommates."

Chelsea looked up at me and gave me a teasing look. "Let's see. We met about two hours ago and you were perfectly happy to rip your clothes off to fuck me, but you are shy about my roommate just seeing you naked? What's wrong with this picture?"

I think I may have blushed at the way she said it. Even as a senior in college, I was a little shy about being naked. At least I was dressed now. "You know what I mean."

"No, actually, I don't." Chelsea wasn't going to let it go. "If we had had sex in your room, it wouldn't have bothered me if your roommate came in when we were done and saw me naked while I got dressed. It's only a human body. Suzy and I are nurses and believe me; we see them all the time. There's nothing wrong with the naked human form."

I was not as open as that, so I tried to extricate myself and she let me go this time. "Well, in any case, will I see you tomorrow?"

"Sure. Clothed or naked?"

I looked up and smiled. "Both, I hope!"

"Sure, okay. We'll probably sleep in and then hit the pool to sunbathe in the afternoon. See you then?"

"Sounds good." I gave her a nice good-bye kiss and left immediately.

When I got back to my room, my roommate, Bob, was in the bathroom brushing his teeth. He looked up at me and finished brushing while I stripped and put on my sleeping boxers.

When he finished rinsing he came out. "How'd it go?"

"Well... I got laid!"

"Yeah? Me, too. I ended up with a small brunette named Suzy." 

"Suzy?" I tried to sound like I didn't know what I was talking about. I just didn't want to go into what had just happened with Suzy. I was still not very comfortable with what had happened. I guess it was just that Midwestern, conservative upbringing.

"Yeah. Cute little thing. A little reticent and shy. How was your babe?"

"Her name was Chelsea. She was not shy at all. In fact, she practically raped me!"

My roommate laughed. "Lucky fucker. I'm hitting the rack. I really need some sleep. G'night."

Part 2. Breakfast in bed?

We both hit the rack. Hard. I woke up about 5 hours later, around 8am, feeling like I hadn't moved a muscle since my head hit the pillow. Sleep was not going to come again so I got up, showered, and dressed before my roommate even stirred. Finally, when he did, I was ready to head to breakfast. 

"Go ahead." Bob said. "I'm going to be a while. I can't even keep my eyes open."

I proceeded to breakfast and as I was in the line to have a cook make a personal omelet, Chelsea and Suzy spotted me and came over. "Hey, Dennis." Chelsea, always the forward one, spoke up. "Why don't you join us? We're right over there." She pointed to where I could see a couple of her other girlfriends sitting.

"Sure. Be there after I get my omelet."

I got my omelet and headed over to their table. They had made room for me and I sat down. I was introduced to the other two ladies present, Gwen and Heather. Gwen was the buxom blonde that I had seen Joe latch onto. She was about 5' 5", had bleach-blonde hair with dirty roots, a small frame, and tits that were probably D-cup. They were pretty large on her frame and made her look top heavy. She also was again wearing something that showed off her cleavage, so your eyes were drawn directly to them. Heather was another blonde, only her color looked real. Everything about her was pale. She was only about 5' tall, with a tight toned body. Her ass and tits were just enough to make her look good; nothing too big, but still delectable. I sat down and was between Chelsea and Suzy. All the girls were laughing at something as I came up and I was just hoping that the joke was not at my expense. 

After I sat down, Chelsea put her hand on my thigh and leaned over to kiss me. I expected a little peck, but she pushed hard against me and I felt her tongue. I hesitated a little and she pulled back.

"You don't have to be shy around this group. They're a wild bunch. Nothing you can do will shock them."

Heather spoke up. "Yeah, Chelsea already told us you were pretty good in the sack." She giggled and I glanced around, first at the rest of them to see their reaction and then at the surrounding tables. I was a little shocked by how loud she said it.

Gwen was smiling mischievously at me. "Yeah, we heard you were good with at least two of your body parts!" And they all erupted in laughter except Suzy. She looked down, a little embarrassed by her friends. That made two of us.

I looked at Chelsea. She said to me. "What can I say? We talk about everything. Nothing's sacred here. Just like guys do. I'm sure you'll tell each other all about us." Then Chelsea seemed to get an idea as a big smile spread across her face.

"C'mon." She grabbed my hand. "All this talk is making me horny." She looked at the other girls. "Sorry, girls, gotta run. I have an itch!"

I'm sure I blanched at that, but my dick, now holding way too much blood for me to think clearly, took the lead. I was surprised, as we started down the stairs, to see that Suzy was following us.

I looked at Chelsea and tried to whisper to her. "Suzy's following us."

"Don't worry." She didn't try to whisper. "Suzy's okay."

I was confused, but figured maybe they only had one key with them, or maybe she had to get something from the room. Was I ever wrong!

When we all entered, Chelsea gave me a big kiss, working her tongue all around mine. I returned it, my dick instantly coming to full mast. Of course a stiff breeze could get a 21-year old dick hard. I kept my eyes open and noticed that Suzy was standing just inside the door, her eyes downcast and her hands clasped in front of her. 

Chelsea broke the kiss, reaching down and feeling my dick. "No hangovers from last night, eh? That's good. I'm horny again and need some really good fucking." She turned to Suzy. "But first, we need to take care of something."

She let go of me and went over to Suzy. "Suzy, tell me what happened last night with you and Bob."

Suzy told her immediately. "Bob and I went back to his room and he wanted to fuck me. I told him that I was not allowed to fuck him, but I would blow him as many times as he wanted. He was fine with that so I sucked his dick until he came and then we had a drink. Then I sucked it again until it was hard and then he came again. Then I left and came back here."

I, of course, was more than shocked. I was completely flabbergasted... and really fucking turned on. I couldn't believe we were having this conversation. But Chelsea had more surprises for me.

"Good girl. You did just as I told you. Now strip."

What the fuck? I stared at Chelsea, then Suzy as she stripped, then back at Chelsea. I had never had any experience like this before and at this point in my life was completely in the dark about dominate/submissive relationships.
