 "She said yes."

My heart skipped a beat. I could feel the blood rush to my face (and other areas). Beth had just told me what I had been hoping to hear, although I didn't really expect it to happen.

"She's in, then?" I asked quickly, feeling excited and a bit nervous. Beth and I had never brought another woman into our sex life (or another man, for that matter), and I knew that this was a big step for us. I wasn't worried about any jealousy issues that might arise; Beth was my wife, and she knew that she had no reason to be worried about me falling for someone else. Still, I knew that we were venturing into unknown territory together, and I wasn't sure what to expect.

"Oh yeah, she's in. Tomorrow night. I hope you're ready, stud." Beth gave me a wink and her sexiest smile and left the room, leaving me alone to imagine what was going to happen the next night.

Lila had dated Beth's cousin Charlie for a few years, and she and Beth had become good friends. When Lila and Charlie split up, she and Beth kept in touch, and occasionally the second-generation Korean beauty would visit and stay at our house for a few days. Beth had confided in me a while ago that she was very attracted to Lila. I wasn't exactly surprised; Beth had told me about her bisexuality shortly after we started dating, and Lila was a good friend of hers and very easy on the eyes. Beth had suspected that her attraction to Lila might be mutual, but she had never tried to find out. With her 26th birthday coming up, though, Beth had made up her mind about what she wanted as her "gift". She wanted to bring Lila into our bed. And it looked like she was getting exactly what she wanted.

The next day was Beth's birthday, and in the evening I got ready to go out to dinner with her to celebrate. I put on a shirt and tie, shaved off my beard stubble, and combed my hair to get it to behave for the evening. Beth put on her makeup in the bathroom, and went into our bedroom to change while I waited in the living room. When she came out, she was wearing a slinky black dress I hadn't seen before, and it was showing off her curves perfectly. Beth was petite but curvaceous. Her C-cup breasts were large for her frame, and her torso tapered off into her tiny waist before flaring out at her wonderful hips. She had a classic hourglass figure, like a 1950's pin-up girl, and her vintage fashion sense only enhanced that image. Beth had put her strawberry blonde hair in a loose updo, and used just the right amount of eyeliner to make her beautiful blue eyes pop.

"Are you ready?" Beth asked. "Absolutely," I replied, "But first, let's go have dinner." I gave Beth my best cheesy smile, and she shook her head and smiled despite herself.

We went to a local upscale Italian restaurant for dinner, but it was hard for me to concentrate on my meal with the looming distraction of what was going to happen later in the evening. If Beth was jittery, she didn't show it. I considered having a drink to calm my nerves a bit, but I was the driver for the evening. I also didn't want my senses dulled in any way that night. I wanted to savor every moment of it. Beth didn't have anything to drink either, but that was hardly surprising. She didn't like beer at all, and had lost her taste for wine and liquor in recent years. After our dinner, we headed back home for the next stage of the celebration.

Once we were home on our couch, Beth finally addressed my obvious nervousness. "Don't be nervous, Ben," she said reassuringly, "Just enjoy this. I want this to be fun for both of us."

"I do too. I just want to make sure that you're completely comfortable with this. We haven't even talked about 'rules'."

"What do you mean, 'rules'?" Beth asked.

"Like, is there anything you don't want me to do with Lila? Do you want me to just watch? Do you want me to only touch you? If I'm allowed to touch Lila, can I fuck her? Or should I stick to foreplay with her?"

"Ben, there's only one rule tonight as far as I'm concerned: use a condom if you fuck her. She's clean, but I don't want you coming inside her without a condom on. The last thing we need is for you to accidentally knock up one of my friends. If you want to ride bareback, I'll be right there for you."

"That's it?" I asked, at the same time relieved but yet slightly more nervous.

"That's it. Go to town. I'm actually looking forward to watching you with her as much as I'm looking forward to being with her myself."

"Okay," I said, adjusting in my seat to accommodate the emerging stiffness in my pants. "And she's okay with all of this too?"

"Sweetie, she's looking forward to it just as much as I am. She likes you too, you know. And me telling her how great you are at eating pussy didn't seem to deter her." Another sexy wink. "I didn't bother to tell her what you can do with your fingers, but I'm sure she'll find out."

"Oh, she will," I grinned, finally starting to relax. I was also getting really horny, seeing how obviously excited Beth was about this.

"I can't wait to watch," Beth said breathily, putting a hand on my thigh and leaning in toward me. As her mouth came closer to mine, her hand slid up my thigh and toward my now rock-hard throbbing cock. Just as her mouth and hand simultaneously reached their destinations, the doorbell rang.

"Fuck," I cursed, frustrated by the interruption.

"Oh, we will," Beth said, sex dripping from her every word. "But I think you should get the door first."

I got up from the couch, and walked over to the door. I had been too distracted at first to realize who would be on the other side, but the obvious answer hit me as I reached for the handle and opened the door.

"Awwww, did the party start without me?"

Suddenly I remembered that I was still fully erect. I looked down reflexively, and the bulge in my pants was very noticeable. Lila was giving me a smile that was a combination of amusement at the situation and approval of what she was seeing.

"Uh...um..." I started, but then regained my composure. "No, it's not officially a party until the guest of honor arrives," I recovered. "Come on in."

Lila walked in, giving me an eyeful of my other female companion for the evening. She was wearing a tight, strapless purple dress that showed off her cleavage beautifully. Her shapely ass was also on display, and the muscle tone in her legs was accentuated due to the high-heeled knee-high black leather boots she was wearing. Lila didn't fit the Asian stereotype of demure, skinny women. She was about Beth's height and slightly heavier, but that extra weight was in all the right places. And she was anything but demure.

"Hey there, " Beth greeted Lila with mischief in her eyes.

"Hey yourself, birthday girl," Lila replied, returning the look.

"Uh, have a seat," I offered, gesturing toward the couch. Lila sat down on Beth's left, and I took my seat on the other side of the couch. Beth was between us, which I'm sure is exactly where she wanted to be. That was fine by me; I was aching for some time with Lila, but this was Beth's birthday and we were both there for her.

"Happy birthday, Beth," Lila said, putting her hand on my wife's knee. "Did you make a wish yet?" She leaned in.

"I did, and it looks like it's about to come true," Beth answered, looking Lila in the eye. She licked her lips, not seeming to be aware that she was doing it.

"You'd better believe it," Lila said, her lips now almost touching Beth's. Her hand had moved up to Beth's thigh now, slowly rubbing in and out near her pussy, which I'm sure was soaked by that point. I watched excitedly as Lila closed the gap and met Beth's mouth with her own. I knew that Beth had been waiting years for this, and it showed as she kissed Lila with an almost hungry intensity. The two of them must have kissed for a solid minute before Lila disengaged and moved to nibble on Beth's ear. I knew from personal experience that Beth was going crazy from the sensation. I looked down and saw that Lila's hand was now full-on rubbing Beth's pussy through her black lace panties. Lila pulled away from Beth's ear for a moment and looked at me.

"Well, are you just going to sit there and watch?" She teased.

I didn't need to be asked twice. I leaned in on Beth's other side and started kissing her neck. I brought my right hand around and began to fondle her breasts while Lila continued her ear nibbling and pussy rubbing. Lila gave a quick glance over at what I was doing, grabbed my hand away from my wife's breasts, and placed it on her own inner thigh. I didn't waste the invitation; my fingers soon found their way to Lila's pussy. I was all set to pull her panties aside, only to find that she wasn't wearing any. Clever girl. I didn't want to leave Beth unattended, so with my free hand I pulled her dress and bra strap down her shoulder and arm, exposing her nipple. I repositioned myself so that I could run my tongue around her nipple. This new position also allowed me much easier access to Lila's clit, and I rubbed it as I kissed, sucked and nibbled Beth's breast. I could feel Lila shudder slightly as my fingers rubbed her clit in gentle circles. 

The two beauties were both moaning from being fingered, and it was time to take things up a notch. I got up and went over to Lila. I whispered in her ear, "Lie back." She pulled herself away from Beth and sat back on the couch, facing me. I knelt down in front of Beth, who was practically panting at this point. I reached up and pulled her panties off, exposing her sweet, wet pussy. I leaned forward and started kissing my way up her thighs, while my right hand started working its way up Lila's leg. My mouth reached Beth's pussy first, and I started eagerly licking, kissing and sucking her lips and clit. My fingers then found their destination, and two of them slowly entered Lila. She gasped as they went in farther than she expected. I could find Beth's g-spot instantly, and luckily it didn't take me much longer than that to find Lila's. As I pleasured both women, Lila reached over and began to play with Beth's exposed nipple. After a few minutes, I could taste the sweetness that preceded Beth's orgasms. Lila was moaning and writhing as I stroked her g-spot with my fingers, and I wanted to make her come too.

Beth came first, thrusting her hips out involuntarily as her back arched and she cried out. I gave her a few extra licks, knowing that she'd be very sensitive so soon after her orgasm. With my wife satisfied (for the moment), I moved over to sample Lila's sweetness. I was not disappointed. As I lapped up her juices, I savored her taste. It was different than Beth's (Beth tasted like fresh spring water, but Lila had a sort of bittersweet taste), but just as wonderful. My fingers kept stroking inside her as I sucked on her clit and licked her lower lips. Soon, she was gasping and shaking, and with a few more thrusts and licks she went over the edge. Beth made noise when she came, but Lila was a flat-out screamer. Her body shook and then collapsed back into the couch cushions, and she let out a few soft whimpers as she succumbed to her afterglow.

"Oh God..." she managed to say to Beth between gasps, "You were right about his mouth, but you didn't tell me about those fingers. No wonder you married him. We should have done this a long time ago."

Beth grinned wickedly at Lila, still obviously lightheaded. "We're not done yet, you know. I guess we'll just have to make up for lost time."

"Sounds good to me," the breathless Asian replied. "But I think we're going to need to get the birthday girl out of that dress..."

"...And into her birthday suit?" I interjected. 

"Oh, that's awful," Beth chided. "You're going to pay for that one."

"I can't wait," I replied. "In the meantime, though, you are wearing too many clothes."

I stood Beth up and helped her shimmy out of her black dress. She pulled her bra strap back up, covering the exposed breast. Underneath the dress, she was wearing a lacy black bra and matching thong. I murmured in appreciation. Beth had been wearing a black bra and panty set the first time we fucked, and ever since then her black lingerie reminded me of that amazing night. I was hoping she had worn that set for me, but I knew that it was at least partially for Lila's benefit. 

"Okay, your turn," Beth said to our female guest.

Lila slid out of her dress much easier than I had expected, considering it was so tight it might as well have been painted on. I knew that she wasn't wearing panties, and the cut of the dress made it obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra either. I got a wonderful view of her breasts, which must have been at least D-cups. I began thinking of all the things I could do with them, and I got even harder (which I didn't think was possible at that point).

Lila walked over to Beth and put her arms around her neck. The two women locked eyes for a moment before embracing and kissing. As they went at it, Lila moved her hands to Beth's shoulders and began to slide her bra straps down. In one smooth motion, her hands went around to Beth's back and undid her bra strap almost instantly. She stepped back, letting Beth's bra fall to the ground. Lila kissed my wife just over her collarbone, and began slowly working her way down, gently kissing every inch of Beth along the way. Beth stood still, except for some noticeable trembling. Her eyes were closed, and her mouth was hanging slightly open. As Lila got to Beth's stomach, she put a finger on either side of Beth's hips and slowly pulled down her black lace panties. She placed several teasing kisses right above Beth's clit, causing Beth to give a slight shudder. Then, she gave a long, slow lick from bottom to top, covering every inch of Beth's pussy. Beth moaned, and her knees buckled as she almost fell over.

"Maybe you should sit down," Lila suggested. Beth collapsed onto the couch, breathing heavily but looking at her friend with pure lust in her eyes. Lila walked over to the couch, swung a leg up, and straddled my wife. Once again, there was some hot and heavy kissing. Lila began grinding, rubbing her pussy against Beth's and giving me a perfect view of her perfect ass. She started slowly at first, but gradually she went faster and faster. Lila pulled away from the kiss, and she and Beth locked eyes as the grinding reached a furious pace. Beth's moans kept pace with Lila's grinding hips, but the Lila herself let out longer (and louder) moans. Both women were working up a good sweat now, and watching their glistening bodies grind against each other was driving me crazy. I undid my belt, unzipped my pants, and grabbed my hard cock. I started stroking slowly. I didn't want to get carried away; making myself come would have been a waste since there were two beautiful, naked women nearby who would be more than happy to get me off. As I touched myself, I heard Beth start to come. Her climax must've put Lila over the edge, because she stopped grinding and moaned even louder than she had when I had made her come. She went limp on top of Beth, resting her head on her shoulder and wrapping her arms around her. Beth had her head tilted back, staring at the ceiling and breathing slowly and heavily.

I gave them a few minutes to recover before I took off my shoes, pants and boxers, and walked over to the couch. I placed a hand on Lila's back, and leaned in by her ear.

"I need to fuck my wife now," I whispered, putting a little extra bass in my voice.

"Oh...but I'm not done with her yet," She whined, jokingly.

"Nobody said you had to go anywhere," Beth chimed in, having recovered from her back-to-back orgasms.

"Yeah," I said, "I never said I didn't want to share."

"Well then, help me with these boots and let me get out of your way a little bit," Lila said. I pulled her sexy boots off, and she shifted her legs underneath her. She stood up on the couch, which put her pussy right in front of Beth's face.

"Oh, that's perfect," Beth purred, "I've been dying to find out what you taste like."

Beth must have put her mouth to work right then, because Lila let out a little yelp of pleasure and clenched her ass for a moment before relaxing again. It was a breathtaking thing to see from where I was standing. With Lila standing on the couch, I had access to my wife's tight, wet pussy. I moved in, kneeling so I could enter her. As I slid every inch of my cock inside her, I heard a moan from above. I had been at full mast for a while now, and finally being inside Beth was indescribably good. The view wasn't bad, either. Lila's ass was right in front of my face, and she was still gently grinding against Beth's mouth. I was going crazy from watching it. I leaned in and kissed the small of her back.

"Ooo...keep doing that," Lila breathed.

I didn't need to be told twice. I kept kissing her, moving my mouth around to hit as many spots as I could. Her skin tasted slightly salty from the sweat, but that just made me hotter. I worked my way down to her lovely ass cheeks, kissing all over. Feeling bold, I gave a nibble. 

"Oh, yes..." Lila moaned.

I gave a few more nibbles, and then decided to go for broke. I ran my tongue along the crack of her ass, starting at the bottom and working my way up until I found my target. Beth and I hadn't really done much ass-play, but I was not going to pass up this opportunity. I wasn't sure what to expect, but the taste was clean and pleasant. I gave a long, slow lick.

"Ahh!" Lila cried out, "Oh, you're naughty!" She didn't sound at all like she disapproved.

"What's going on over there?" Beth asked from Lila's other side.

"Oh, don't worry about it, hun" Lila reassured her. "I'm just really enjoying your man over here. You just go back to what you were doing."

Beth took her cue and went back to eating her friend's pussy. I continued licking Lila's ass, fucking Beth at the same time. I could feel myself getting close to the point of no return, but I wasn't ready to come yet.

"How about we take this party into the bedroom?" I suggested. The girls agreed, and after I pulled out of Beth we all went into the master bedroom. Our soft, king-size bed was waiting for us, and we didn't waste any time getting there. Beth got in first, lying on her back with her head resting on a pillow. Lila climbed on top of her right away and they started making out. As much as I was enjoying watching them, I wanted to be back inside Beth. I took off my shirt and tie and climbed onto the bed beside them.

"You know, it was my turn," I reminded Lila, half-joking. "Would you mind moving a bit so I can get back to what I was doing?"

Lila turned around to look at me. "Make me," she teased, playfully. Without hesitation, I drew my arm back and let fly with a hard spanking, right on her round Korean ass.

"That's more like it," Lila said lustily, "But I'm going to need some more convincing."

I spanked her again, even harder. "Again," she moaned. I obliged her. 

"Oh God, Ben," she gasped, "Fuck me. Please, fuck me."

"Yes, fuck her," Beth said from beneath Lila. "I want to watch her ride you."

"Absolutely," I replied. I did want to fuck my wife, but I would be able to do that later. I had been hoping to be inside Lila, and now it was going to happen.

The women got off the bed, and Lila pointed at bed, giving me a look that told me I'd better obey. I lied down on the bed while Beth poked into the bathroom. She came out seconds later with a condom in her hand. She tossed it to me.

"No, let me," Lila insisted. She crawled onto the bed, straddling my knees. I handed the wrapped condom to her. She unwrapped it and gently placed the rolled condom between her lips, staring at me seductively the entire time. She leaned forward, and brought her mouth down to my stiff cock, placing the condom over the tip. Tantalizingly slowly, she rolled the condom all the way on. I could feel the pressure of her mouth around my shaft, and it was maddening. I hoped to get a blowjob from her later without a condom involved. It felt so good even through the latex that I expected my head would explode if there weren't anything between my skin and her mouth.
