 It had been a week since Beth had fucked David. She couldn't believe that she had actually answered her door butt naked and practically dragged David to her room. It's not that she hadn't totally enjoyed it, but it just wasn't something a nice girl was supposed to do. After all, Beth had been the valedictorian of her graduating class, as well as a member of her church choir. Her parents always beamed with pride when they had parties at their house not hesitating to tell all of their friends what a wonderful and well behaved daughter they had raised.

But ever since she and Amy had begun to take classes at college she was becoming aware of the carnal side of her personality. With each party that they went to Beth began to allow herself to experience the pleasure her body could give her. Finally after loosing her cherry to Craig at one of the parties she knew that fucking was something she would be doing more often. 

Still she couldn't believe though that David had caught her fingering her pussy. She had gotten so turned on seeing his hot sweaty body and his tight firm ass in his running shorts that when she had got back home she just had to cum. When she looked up and saw David staring at her through his window while stroking his cock it was more then she could stand.

"Beth, hey what are you thinking about," asked Amy. "It must be something nasty girl friend!"

Beth didn't realize that she had begun rubbing her fingers over her now hard nipples. She had become so lost in thought remembering how it felt having David's hard hot cock sliding in and out of her hot wet pussy.

"Oh nothing...it was just that....well, you promise not to tell anyone," Beth nervously asked Amy.

"It must be really nasty. Look how hard your nipples are! So tell me what has gotten you so worked up." 

Amy knew it must be extra nasty for her normally reserved friend to openly play with her tits. It wasn't that seeing Beth playing with her tits was that big of a shock. There had been many nights that after going to parties together that they found themselves at one of their houses masturbating together. It's not that they were lesbians, but they just weren't willing to be fucked by just anybody. So instead of picking up some random guy they had agreed to masturbate together. After the first time they had masturbated together they had discovered how turned on they got watching each other fingering their hot wet pussies to one orgasm after another.

"Well...well okay, I fucked David last week and every time I think about it I just can't help but get really, really horny," Beth said as she now began to squeeze both of her tits. "My pussy gets so fucking wet when I think about his fucking cock fucking me. It was just so hard and long...mmmmm fuck I wish he was here right now to fuck me." 

Amy couldn't believe what she had heard. She and Beth had often talked about how hot David was. She had even told Beth about the one time that David and she had hooked up. But to hear that Beth had fucked him also was something...well she didn't know exactly what but Amy now felt her pussy getting quite wet and her nipples really hard.

"So really, you fucked David," Amy asked as she put her books down and began to squeeze her tits. 

"Yeah, I was out running and he caught up to me. I don't think he realized how tight fitting his shorts were because I could see his cock bouncing. Fuck Amy, I just got to cum again...do you...well do you want to get off together?" 

Without bothering to wait for an answer Beth stood up and stripped out of her clothes. Totally naked now, she went over to her dresser and got out the new glass dildo she had bought. Beth plopped down on her bed spreading her long legs revealing her dripping wet shaved pussy to Amy. Slowly Beth began to trail the head of her toy up and down the swollen lips of her pussy...causing a moan to escape her body. As she was rubbing her swollen wet lips Beth licked her fingers and began to pull on her hard swollen nipples causing her clit to throb...begging for her attention. 

Amy was always amazed when she watched Beth fuck her pussy. Ripping off what little clothes she was wearing Amy took the dildo from Beth's hands and began to slowly fuck her pussy.

"Ohhh...yeah...that's it fuck me...please fuck me," Beth moaned as Amy stroked the glass shaft in and out of her pussy. With each slow delicious stroke Beth pulled harder on the nipples of her lust swollen tits. She was so hot now that her hot sweet juices were running down the shaft of the dildo and coating Amy's hand. 

Over and over Amy fucked Beth's pussy driving her ever closer to the release she craved. Suddenly without warning Amy stopped fucking Beth's hot wet pussy. Lying down between her out stretched legs Amy began to run her hot wet tongue up and down her swollen lips.

"AHHHH...fuck...yes...that's it lick my pussy...please...oh God...lick my pussy," Beth begged. Beth's body began to shake as Amy stuck one then two fingers into her pussy...fucking her...stretching her pussy ever wider.

Faster and faster Amy fucked Beth's dripping wet pussy with her fingers. Amy took her hard clit into her mouth running her tongue over and over it. Beth's hips began to rise from the bed as she tried to force Amy's fingers deeper into her pussy.

"Oh please don't stop...right like that...yeah right there...right there...that's it...oh fuck that's it," Beth began to pant. "OH FUCK...OH FUCK...I'm cumming...fuck me don't stop....CUMMMMMING," Beth screamed as her entire body froze as it was racked with one orgasm after another.

As Beth's began to come down she heard Amy moaning. Looking over she saw Amy standing in front of her window furiously fucking her pussy with the dildo.

"Amy what are you doing...somebody is going to see you." But something about seeing Amy shamelessly fucking her pussy while standing in front of the window made Beth want more.

Getting up from her bed Beth walked up behind Amy. Reaching her arms around her Beth began to slowly rub her hands over friend's hard nipples. Moving Amy's hair Beth began to run her hot wet tongue over the exposed skin pausing as she did so to plant light wet kisses on Amy's neck

Just as she felt Amy start to cum Beth looked up to see David once again standing in front of his window stroking his cock. 

"Ah, so that's what has your pussy so wet," Beth cooed in to Amy's ear as she began to tug on Amy's hard swollen nipples. "Do you like watching him stroke that hot hard cock...do you wish you could stroke it...do you want to suck it and swallow his sweet warm load," Beth whispered as she slid down Amy's body rubbing her equally hard nipples down her back.

Taking the dripping wet dildo from Amy's wet hand; Beth began her own assault on Amy's hot swollen pussy. Beth fucked Amy's pussy faster and faster with dildo causing Amy's tits to bounce obscenely on her chest. Grabbing on to her bouncing tits, Amy roughly pulled her own nipples causing the juices of her hot wet pussy to run down her legs. Not stopping fucking Amy's hot wet pussy, Beth sucked Amy's hard swollen clit in to her mouth licking it with her hot wet tongue.

"Oh fuck...oh fuck Beth...please...ugh fuck me harder," Amy groaned not taking her eyes off of David.

Amy's legs were shaking uncontrollably as orgasm after orgasm surged through her body. As Beth furiously fucked her dripping wet pussy Amy squeezed her lust swollen tits harder, twisting her hard stiff nipples as she did so.

"Beth...mmmm...Beth...look...he's going to cum," Amy gasped. 

As her body was suddenly over come by her strongest orgasm yet Amy gasped as she saw David's hand freeze as his hot load shot from his stiff cock.

"FUCK...OH FUCK ME...I'M CUMMING...UGH...CUMMING NOW," Amy screamed as she lost all ability to stand, falling to her knees her body shaking uncontrollably as orgasm after orgasm racked her body.

As Amy slowly recovered she realized that there was a warm pleasurable feeling enveloping her body. Looking down she saw Beth sucking on her swollen nipples but as she became more aware of the feelings coursing through her body she slowly began to realize that not only was this feeling coming from the feeling of Beth's tongue on her stiff swollen nipples, but she suddenly realized that once again another orgasm was starting to build as something was tenderly licking her hard stiff clit.

Propping herself up so she could see the source of this undeniable pleasure Amy was greeted by the sight of David between her wide spread legs.

"I didn't think you'd mine if I invited him over," Beth said quickly before sucking Amy's nipple back into her hot wet mouth causing Amy to groan as she realized what exactly was happening.

Now abandoning herself to the intense feelings ravaging her body, Amy pulled Beth's head tighter against her lust swollen breast. Amy could feel the orgasm that had been building slowly starting to consume her.

"Yes....OH GOD...YES...THAT'S IT," Amy began to moan loudly. "DON'T STOP...RIGHT THERE...SUCK HARD...OH FUCK ME...I'M CUMMMMIIIINNNGG," she suddenly screamed as she was once again taken over the edge.

Just as she thought that she couldn't be taken any higher she felt her pussy being suddenly spread wide as she felt David's hard, throbbing cock enter her with one swift stroke.

"Ahhh...yeah...yeah...that's it fuck my pussy...fuck my pussy," Amy gasped.

As he slammed his cock in Amy's hot wet pussy, David couldn't believe that not only was he once again fucking Amy, but Beth was sucking and squeezing Amy's tits.

David could feel his cock being gripped tightly by Amy's dripping hot pussy as he fucked her harder and deeper. Having just came he also knew that he was going to not only fuck Amy, but he also knew that he would also be able to fuck Beth before he was ready to cum again.

Wanting to drive his cock even deeper in to Amy's pussy David took both of her legs and lifted them up on to his shoulders. David began to fuck Amy's pussy harder. Over and he drove his cock into her pussy feeling his cum filled balls as they slapped against her up turned ass.

"OH FUCK ME," Amy suddenly gasped as she felt David's cock go even deeper then before. "Fuck my pussy...fuck my pussy," she began to chant over and over as once again she felt herself beginning to cum. "FUCK I'M CUMMMINNG," Amy screamed as she once again began to shake uncontrollably from the intense pleasure coursing through her entire being.

As Amy once again became aware of her surroundings she also became aware of a loud constant moaning the kind that only meant that somebody was thoroughly enjoying being fucked. Looking around she spotted the source...Beth was on her knees with David driving his hard cock over and over into Beth's pussy.

"FUCK ME....FUCK ME HARD DAMNIT," Beth screamed as David slammed his cock over and over into her hot wet pussy. With each deep hard thrust of David's hard hot cock into her hot wet pussy Beth's tits swung obscenely.

Reaching between her legs Amy began to finger her sensitive hard clit as she watched the carnal scene being played out before. Amy licked her lips as she watched Beth's tits bounce uncontrollably from the pounding of her pussy. Not stopping fingering her clit Amy moved underneath Beth and took one of her tits in her hand and sucked the hard nipple into her mouth.

"AHHH...shit...that's it don't...don't stop," Beth gasped as she felt her tit being sucked deeply into Amy's wet mouth. As Amy's tongue danced around her nipple Beth's pussy gripped David's plunging cock over and over. 

David could feel that familiar tingling coursing through his body that meant he was soon going to be blowing a rather large load into Beth's pussy. For her part, Beth also could feel David's cock as it began throb deep into her pussy. 

"Yes...cum for me...cum for me...cum in my pussy," Beth groaned knowing that soon her hot wet pussy would be filled with David's hot warm cum.

"OH...OH...SHIT...CUMMING," Amy suddenly screamed as her brain could no longer process the erotic sight before her. As she lay writhing on the floor Amy rolled out from under Beth's tits to finish watching the erotic coupling.

As David's pounding of Beth's pussy quicken, Beth began to thrust her dripping hot pussy back towards David's hard throbbing cock...wanting to feel his hot load deep within her.

"FUCK...OH FUCK ME PLEASE...UGGGGHHHHH...I'M CUMMMINNNG," Beth screamed as she felt David's cock swell and shoot it's hot sticky load deep within her pussy.

David's hips bucked uncontrollably against Beth's ass as he was overcome by his orgasm. Totally spent the two friends, and now lovers, collapsed spent from their afternoon of lust.

The only sound in the room was the sound of Amy's renewed assault on her pussy.....but that's best kept for another story!