 When I met her, Beth Johnson was a freshman at the University. She was a product of an all-girls Catholic high school and had that fresh-scrubbed, girl-next-door appeal. Beth became the test subject of a theory from my Psych class. (see "Beth the Exhibitionist") I spent most of the first day talking with her and making her laugh. Whenever she performed some small task for me I would tell her "Thank you. That pleases me."

Two weeks after we first met Beth was constantly looking to me for my approval whenever we were together. I pushed her boundaries a little by arranging for Beth to dance topless at a private party (see "Beth Learns Something New"). That night Beth found out how much she loved to show off for a crowd. When she came back off stage that night she said "I danced naked in front of all those people and they all wanted to fuck me." For Beth that was an epiphany.

I arranged for Beth to dance naked at a private party and that night Beth sucked off a man in front of the entire group (see "Beth: Naked at the Card Party") That same evening Beth announced me as her Master and gave a second blowjob at my request.

The week after the card party I intentionally kept Beth to myself; I wanted to have her cement our M/s relationship in her own mind. For the first day I held her as much as I could. When we were in bed, she was in my arms. When we were on the couch, I held her in my lap. We slept late and spent a lazy day together.

That evening Beth asked me if she had pleased me by being a slut at the Card Party. I told her that she had made me very proud; especially when she had declared to Bob that I was her Master and she would do whatever I asked her to do. Beth said "I meant every word, Master. I will do whatever you ask. Command me and I will even be a whore for you".

That little comment fueled a multi-orgasmic night and a deepening of our M/s roles. Beth and I both understood that Beth had lowered all her barriers.

Several weeks later Bob called again with an interesting proposition. I listened and promised only that I would call him in a few days. I told Beth that she was to dress that evening as my personal whore; heavy makeup, garter belt and stockings, high heels and a short skirt. She said "I will do anything to please you, Master".

We had to leave my apartment to pick up a skirt at her dorm room, and then Beth spent an hour shortening her skirt. At 6 pm I told Beth to go prepare herself, but to be ready at 7 pm. She said "I will do anything to please you, Master".

At 7 pm Beth walked into my kitchen "dressed to thrill". I looked her up and down, whistled, and Beth blushed. I poured us both some wine, and had Beth serve the dinner. Over dinner I told her about the call from Bob. Beth was very pleased to find out she had become the "Fantasy Girl" for all of the men at Bob's party, but she really wanted to know what proposition Bob had made. I purposely made her wait so she could think about Bob and his friends having sexual fantasies about her.

Finally, after Beth had jittered about what Bob wanted for almost an hour, I told Beth that I had been asked if she could be rented to provide sex for his biggest customer. Beth blushed and lowered her eyes, then asked "Does Master want me to be his whore?"

I told her "Making you my whore is one of my fantasies. I keep you naked when you are here because you are very sexy and it pleases me to look at you. I have you dress up for me because it pleases me. I ask you to be my whore because it excites me that other men would pay to have sex with you. It excited you to know that all of those people at the Casino Night wanted to fuck you. It excited you to suck off two men at Bobs' party. You are excited by the fantasy of being a whore; of being a naughty girl. When the fantasy is no longer exciting, we will stop. In the meantime, I want to have my little whore suck and fuck whoever I tell her to."

Beth blushed again and looked at the floor. "If you want me to be your whore, then I will be your whore. I will do anything to please you, Master."

"I want you to do one more thing for me, Beth. I want you to make their fantasy, and mine, the best fantasy they have ever had. I want my whore to be loud and vocal. I want my whore to be shameless. Now I want you to stick your finger in your pussy and taste yourself."

Beth stuck one finger in her mouth, then slipped it between her legs. She looked me in the eyes and said "I will be your slutty whore, Master."

"Then we need to work on a few things. Bring the pillows and your vibrator."

______________________

Two weeks later I drove Beth to a hotel in a city forty five miles from our town. We checked into a room reserved for us and I sent Beth to the bathroom to prepare herself for the evening. I made my way down to the bar to meet Bob, then we both went to the suite he had booked for the evening and made some last minute adjustments. Beth was to arrive at the party Bob was hosting for James once all three guests were present. Beth would be wearing a "little black dress" and her black garter belt and stockings. I would show her off to James and the other guests and have her remove her dress. I would have Beth play with her pussy and the men would then ask Beth to perform whatever service they wanted. Each of the men had one or more $100 bills and Beth would be paid by slipping a bill into her garter belt.

About 8:30 that evening Beth and I walked into the suite. Bob introduced Beth to James, Stan and Jack. I handed Beth a glass of wine and we all toasted James' birthday. Beth then spoke up "I have a special present for the Birthday boy. Would someone bring me a straight chair?"

Jack set a chair in the middle of the room and Beth continued "No Birthday is official until there is a spanklng. Come with me James."

Beth led James to the chair and sat him down. James looked confused until Beth slipped off her dress. Standing in front of him in just a black garter belt and stockings, she turned to show him her butt, then said "It's your Birthday; time for a spanking!"

Beth leaned over James' knees and looked back at him. "I have been a bad girl and I think I deserve ten spanks."

James looked like a little boy in a candy shop. Stretched across his knees was a naked girl with a garter belt and stockings framing her naked ass. He stroked Beths' butt and finally gave her a gentle slap. Beth looked back at him and said "I have been very bad. I need a little more of a spanking than that. Spank me like the whore I am."

James gave Beth a sharp slap and Beth gave a little yip, then smiled back at him. "That is more like it; now give me eight more, please."

James gave Beth seven more sharp slaps and then a final, gentle tap. Beth smiled back at James and said "Now stick your fingers in my pussy and see how wet you have made me"

James stuck two, then three fingers into the pussy that was stretched over his lap. His fingers slipped in easily and Beth just moaned and smiled. James began to rock his fingers in and out of Beth and she moaned louder, then drew a sharp breath. James sped up his thrusts and Beth had a very obvious orgasm. James pushed her through the climax and then slowed his finger assault. Finally he withdrew his fingers and stuck them into his mouth. Beth slowly lifted herself off James and stooped to give him a slow kiss. As she finished she said "Thank you, James. You really know how to treat a whore; my pussy still tingles."

Beth turned to face the others in the room. "Guys, my Master has told me to give you a show. At home Master has me lie down on a pillow, spread my legs, and fuck myself with a vibrator. Would you like to see that? Or I could give James a blow job."

Jack said "Let's see the vibrator. Bob told us about the vibrator show."

We moved Beth to the bedroom of the suite and she arranged the bed pillows so her pussy was tilted up on display, then she asked me for her vibrator. Bob surprised us both by having a brand new vibrator in a gift box for Beth. Beth licked it a few times, then slid it into her pussy. She looked up at Bob and smiled, then turned the vibe on and caught her breath. She started slowly moving the vibe in and out and began talking as she moved. "Come on Bob, give Beth some of that stiff prick. Make Beth cum. Fill that tight pussy. Come on Bob, make Beth scream."

When she lifted her feet I knew Beth was started on a huge orgasm; she bucked and moaned and yelped and her body was covered in goosebumps. Finally she gave a sharp yelp, went rigid for a long moment, and then collapsed. Her hands shook as she removed the vibrator, and it was covered with a thin, white film of Beth cum.

Beth smiled weakly and asked "Who wants some Beth cum? Who wants to lick my pussy?"

Jack dove in and lapped at her juices like a madman. In a minute Beth was holding onto his head and pushing his face into her pussy. Before long her legs lifted and she started panting, then another orgasm hit her and she yelped and spasmed. Finally she could endure no more and pushed Jack away. "Jack, let me breathe. Let me rest a moment or two. I still have a lot of fucking I need to do tonight."

A few moments later Beth struggled out of bed and walked unsteadily to the bathroom.

While Beth was out of the room Bob had the men decide among themselves who was going to be Beth's first customer of the night. When she opened the bathroom door she found one of the pillows on the floor in front of the bed and Stan sitting on the edge. Beth smiled and said "Blowjob time!"

Beth knelt in front of Stan, ran her fingers over his prick and balls, then licked him from balls to tip. Several times she swirled her tongue around his shaft, then she sucked him into her mouth. Finally she bobbed her head a few times, then stopped. She pulled his prick from her mouth, looked him in the eyes, and said "Stan, the big difference between a housewife and a whore .... is a whore swallows. I want you to cum in my mouth."

Over the next three and a half hours Beth gave four blowjobs and then fucked all four men; two of them twice. Having that pretty face look up at them with her lips wrapped around their pricks made the blowjobs quick. The fucking took a bit longer since Beth rode each of the men bareback, and stopped to rinse herself between customers. Her last two fucks of the night were Bob and James; James decided he wanted "sloppy seconds" and when he finished he gave Beth a gift box. Beth opened up the box and found a sheer black bikini panty. James asked her to put it on and "keep his last present warm" all the way home.

Beth slid the panties on and made her way to the front door of the suite. Good nights were said, and Beth kissed Stan, James and Jack, and made sure each patted her ass or played with her tits. Finally it was just Bob, Beth and me.

"Beth, you were terrific. Thank You! I will never be able to top this evening .... unless you are willing to come back next time one of those guys has a birthday. Is that a possibility?"

Beth blushed and looked at the floor. "I will do whatever my Master says. Whatever, whenever. I am his to command."

I shook Bob's hand and told Beth to find her dress and her new vibrator. I had her carry both as we left the Suite and walked to our room. It was after 2 a.m. and no-one was in the hallways. I was a little disappointed, but Beth looked relieved.

When we arrived at our room Beth pulled off the new panties and went to the bathroom to rinse out her pussy. I poured a glass of wine for both of us and waited for Beth to finish. When she had washed and freshened her makeup, she came to me and unzipped my pants. My stiffy assured her that I was alright with her sexual activities for the evening. Beth ran her fingers over my prick, licked me from balls to tip, then swirled her tongue around my prick, then she sucked me into her mouth. When her eyes met mine my cock pulsed and I deposited my load in her mouth. Beth swallowed, then sucked me a little more "I think Master is happy with his little whore" she said.

In the morning I attempted to fuck my little whore, but her pussy was too sore. She rolled over and said "Please yourself in my ass, Master. Fuck me like the whore I am".

After twenty-five years the memory of that night seems as clear as yesterday.