 I was at O'Laskey's, my favorite watering hole. I'd spent the last couple hours in the pool room. I was doing okay with the bets I made with my friends, and I was doing better than okay at using pool lessons as an excuse to get my arms around attractive ladies. I coached one lady, Veronica, well enough that she won a bet against a guy who couldn't believe a woman could be better than any man. That game was nearly over when a familiar face showed up. It was Lacy, the wife of my best friend Clark.

"Can you show me how to do that, Ian?" she asked.

"Sure," I said. I proceeded to teach her everything I knew. (That isn't really a lot; I'm good at it, but my instinct is better than my understanding of either physics or anatomy.) I respectfully made as little contact as I could during the lesson, but she would have none of it. She ground her ass into my crotch after every shot.

After Lacy lost two games out of three to Veronica, she said, "That's all I can afford to lose."

"Need a ride?" I asked.

"Thought you'd never ask," she answered.

As soon as we left the room, I asked, "Where's Clark?"

"Poker night. Third time this week."

"Yeah, he did say something about that yesterday. I think he said this is the low-stakes group. I wouldn't worry about it."

"Who said I'm worried?" Lacy replied. "I just wanna see him a little more often."

By the time we got to her house, she'd told me the story how he'd started playing poker once a week with friends. Then he joined my fantasy football league, and then a second league, and by the time football season was over, he was playing poker three nights a week. We were inside when she told me, "Last week was the worst. He was watching a 40-point blow-out pre-season game. I stripped naked and stepped in front of the TV, and he told me to move so I could see what one of his players was doing."

"My best friend is an idiot," I told her. "I'd never pass up a chance to see that ass." After a moment, I said, "Oh, shit, I said that out loud, didn't I?"

Lacy smiled. "I don't mind. I'm glad someone still notices it."

"Oh, I notice, all right," I told her.

She leaned against the kitchen counter and pointed her ass against me. "Why don't you notice it some more, Ian?" she asked.

I put my hand on it and immediately felt warm, but not in a good way. "Um, I-I-I should go. Look, Clark's a good guy. don't something you'll regret."

"I know he is; that kinda pisses me off even more," Lacy said. "You're right, you should go."

The next night was the fantasy league with the game Lacy was talking about. We get together at a nearby Hooters. I casually asked Clark, "How's Lacy?"

"Great!" he said. "With the money I won at poker last week, I bought her the deluxe edition of the seventh season of that cop show she likes so much. I figure that oughta keep her busy when I'm busy with this or poker. Night before last, I won so much in my other fantasy league, I bought her this expensive, sheer nightgown that she's had her eye on. It's got diamond patterns on the shoulders, a diamond cut-out over the chest and a real diamond on the collar."

I wanted to give Clark every opportunity to give Lacy what she wanted. I thought the best way to do that was to go ahead and tell him, "I saw her at O'Laskey's last night."

"Good," he said. "She told me she was going out, and I told her to have a good time. Did she?"

"She seemed to. I was shooting pool in the back room, and I showed her how to make certain shots."

Clark seemed relieved. "So you're the friend who took her home, then. At least I know she was safe."

The waitress brought our wings. Everyone in our group stared at her tits except Clark. He was reading the print-outs for that week's players. The rest of the night we made our bids and bullshitted about other stuff. At the end, Clark asked me, "Hey, Ian, I'm barely gonna have time to go home between work and my Texas poker game tomorrow. Would you mind checking up on Lacy sometime?"

"Uh, sure, Clark, no problem." I felt uneasy, but I figured I could just call her on the phone and if she didn't answer, I'd drive around.

"I gotta leave by six-thirty, so if you could stop by an hour later, I'd really appreciate it. It's not that I don't trust her; I'll just feel better if I know she's safe." Way to twist that knife, Clark.

I don't know whether I was sincere or trying to be clever, but I asked him, "Why don't you give me her cell phone number just in case she's not home?" He did.

At seven, I sent Lacy a text. "Clark wanted me to see if you're okay."

"Come see for yourself," she said.

I got in my car and drove like a bat out of hell. I slowed down before I got to their house. Clark would know he'd asked me to stop by, but I didn't want a neighbor to tell him how eager I was. I calmly got out of my car and walked to the front door. She stood behind the door to open it. When I was in, she closed the door. She was naked except for a negligée that matched the description Clark had given me. "I guess you're okay, then," I said.

I tried to open the door, but Lacy closed it quickly. "No, I'm not," she insisted. "I have a sexy nightgown and no one to be sexy with." She turned around and wiggled her butt at me. "Are you going to turn this away?"

"Yes," I said flatly. Lacy turned around. "But not this." I kissed her square on the lips. She put my hands on her butt. "Oh, who am I kidding, I'm not passing that up either," I said. I ran my hands up her back under the negligée. I moved them to her sides and brought them down over her hips. She spread her legs involuntarily and moved back. I looked at her chest and kissed her through the diamond opening. "Or this."

Lacy turned around and said, "Come and get this ass, if you like it so much." She ran away from me. I knew I should have just texted Clark that she was fine, but I couldn't help myself. I followed her into her bedroom. She was on her bed on all fours. I got up behind her and started rubbing that ass the way I'd wanted to a couple nights before. I put my right hand between her cheeks and ran it down until I found her pussy. I kissed each cheek while I rubbed her lips. She reached underneath herself and separated them so I had a finger inside her. She turned around and lifted the nightgown over her head, placing it carefully on the ground.

"Are those for me, too?" I asked rhetorically.

Lacy pulled my face to her chest. "If you want 'em, they are." I sucked each of her luscious tits into my mouth while she unbuckled my belt. Just as I thought I might suffocate, she pushed back so she could unbutton and unzip my jeans. I wasn't going to expose anything without her approval, so I stayed there with my jeans pulled down to my knees. I pushed her onto her back, and we sucked face a little more. Lacy put her hands on my back and pressed my butt. "I want that ..." She lifted me up and let her tits fall back toward her chin. "... between these." I got up and took everything off except my socks. In the back of my mind, I figured if Clark showed up, every article of clothing I didn't have to put back on could mean the difference between life and death. Lacy stayed on her back and separated her tits. They're big but not porn-star big. I put my hard cock between them, and Lacy pushed them together. She kept rubbing my butt to keep me going back and forth. "Oh, fuck, oh, fuck," she said.

I thought I'd said, "Not yet," but maybe I imagined it. I know I was thinking that I didn't want to cross that particular line.

"You gonna come?" she asked.

"Any second now," I nodded.

"Spray my tits." I moved back, but not far enough. Most of my cum got on her chin or upper chest. Only the last spurt dribbled onto her tits.

"I'm having a good night," Lacy observed. "I've gotten a diamond and a pearl necklace, and the evening news hasn't even started."

We lay back and caught our breath. I still had my head on Clark's pillow when I felt warmth on my dick. Lacy was on all fours and was giving me the first blow job I'd had in months. "Oh, God, yes," I managed to say. "Do you do Clark like this?"

"When he lets me," she said. She licked my balls and then licked the ridge of my shaft from bottom to top before taking the head back in her mouth. I was so intent on enjoying the blow job that I didn't notice my hands going up. My left hand came down and grazed her pussy again. She liked that so much that she moved around into a 69.

I wasn't going to pass this up. I pulled her hips ass down. I wanted to have the best of both worlds, seeing that sexy ass while I tasted her pussy. I was able to keep the lower part of her butt cheeks in view and lick the sides of her pussy without being able to see it. That only lasted a few laps before she decided she liked that so much that she moved her hips back. Her pussy was all I could see, so I gave it my full attention. I licked a circle around it, stressing the clit, and then I separated her lips so I could go deep inside. She liked that so much that she sat up. "Come back down," I urged her. "You're giving me the best blow job I've ever had." She'd barely taken the head back when I said, "I know I told you this before, but Clark's an idiot." That got her bobbing up and down even faster than before. "Oh, shit, oh, shit," I gasped.

"Give it to me," Lacy implored.

"Only if you do the same," I answered.

"Wait, there's something else I'd like better," Lacy said, but it was too late. Soon we were both swallowing each other's juices.

"You have the sweetest pussy," I told her. Then I remembered what she'd said. "What was it you wanted instead of my cum?"

She got up and picked up the nightgown. "I wanted your cum, but I wanted it on here." She covered my limp dick with the lower part of the gown and rubbed my cum into it. Then she sat between my thighs and started stroking me. "So, you like my pussy, do you?"

I happened to see a picture of Clark and Lacy together in the background and remembered where I was. "Yes, but, I, no. Look, I know it's silly to worry about this one threshhold, but I've never fucked a married woman before, and I don't wanna start with my best friend's wife."

Lacy let go of my cock. "I appreciate that."

"One of us needs to love Clark," I said.

Lacy slapped me. "I do love him, you bastard. I just need him to act like he loves me too."

"He does," I assured her. I took her hands in mine. "He told me about the nightgown and the DVD's, and you know what? The DVD's ought to tell you more than the nightgown. The nightgown just means he wants to fuck you when he gets home. I happen to know he hates that show. The fact that he bought those DVD's for you shows that your happiness means everything to him. He's just too stupid to realize what would make you happy."

Lacy pulled my face to her and kissed me on the cheek. "I know he does. Thank you for, um, what? I guess not being the worst possible best friend?"

I laughed. "Yeah, I guess that's all I deserve credit for." I saw the rectangular bulge in the pocket of my pants on the floor and pulled my cell phone out. I said, "Clark," into the mike.

"Yeah, Ian?" Clark said when he picked up.

"Lacy wants to let you know she's alright," I told him.

I handed her the phone, and she told him, "Clark came over and we watched the first disc in that set you gave me the other night." I didn't hear what he said next, but Lacy said, "Yeah, we're fine. He's a good friend." Apparently, Lacy knew how to twist the knife as well as her husband.

Monday night, Clark and I were watching the last game of the week for our league. He asked me to check on Lacy the next night, just like the week before. I said I'd be glad to, even though I was afraid I'd cross the line and commit the ultimate betrayal. When the game was in the last minute, just for shits and giggles, I asked him, "So, did she like the nightgown?"

"Yeah, but I haven't gotten to see her in it. When I came home, she said she thought she should wash it first, 'cause it had probably hung out in the store so long."

"Why would she do that?" I asked in fake astonishment. "'Never worn' equals 'doesn't need to be washed.'"

"That's what I said," Clark agreed, "but she insisted. She promised me I'll see her in it tonight if-I better go!"

He didn't win anything that week, so he didn't lose anything by staying. I pictured Lacy's lips going up and down on my buddy's pole, and then I pictured it pounding in and out of her beautiful pussy. As soon as he was out the door, I texted her. "I'll be over tomorrow. Be ready!"

The next night Lacy texted me, "I'm just recovering from last night. Come on over!"

When I got there, she was wearing a ripped T-shirt and yoga pants. "Please tell me that 'recovering' means something good."

I followed her into the dining room. "It means I can hardly walk straight," she said, and she sat halfway off a chair.

"That still doesn't-Oh, wait, you're smiling."

"Yep. Means I'll need your help to get around this time."

"I think I can help you," I said. I went over and tickled the right side of her ass. She jumped up. "See?"

"Two can play at that game," Lacy said. She reached behind me and ran her index finger down the left side of my ass. I lunged toward her, and my cock rubbed against her crotch. She put her arms around me and moved me backward, never breaking contact, until she was on top of the kitchen table. She grabbed the hem of her T-shirt and pulled it over her head, revealing her bare tits. I pulled on her yoga pants, both disappointed and relieved that she still had underwear on. I leaned down and started sucking on her tits. She put her hands on my butt and urged me onto the table with her.

I put my hands under her back and we kissed furiously. After a couple minutes, I couldn't stand it. "I want you," I told her.

"I want you too," she said breathlessly. She pushed me off her and said, "Follow me." We went through the living room, and she glanced at the TV. There was a frozen picture. "Cable's out," she noted. "I'll call 'em later if it doesn't come back on." She turned toward the bedroom, and she almost fell, catching herself on the top of a recliner.

"You weren't kidding about needing help," I said. "Can you get onto the arm?"

"I think so," she said, and she climbed up on her knees. I backed up to her, and she put her hands on my shoulders. I carried her like that to her bedroom. "I haven't felt like this since I was twenty," she said.

"Like what?" I asked as I put her on the bed.

"Carrying me like that. I remember a boyfriend who carried me that way once, and that's when I knew we were in love."

"Don't do that," I told her.

"What?"

"You make it sound like you love me."

"You make me feel beautiful," Lacy said. "Call it what you want." I got in front of her, on my knees like her, not sure what she wanted. She took my hands and put them on the hem of her underwear.

I let my legs go behind me. I knelt in front of her, pulling her panties down, and she pushed gently on the back of my head. I leaned down and licked her clit. I put two fingers between her pussy lips and started licking and finger-fucking her. "Do you like this?"

"And how," she said. I added a third finger. While I was pistoning in and out, I licked the ridges of her pussy lips. When I got three fingers deep inside her, she arched her back and came. That turned me on so much that I stripped down to my underwear. I would have stripped naked, but Lacy pulled me up so we could kiss some more. I fed her my fingers, and we shared her juices together. I was thrusting back and forth even though my cock was still inside my underwear. Lacy reached inside and started stroking me.

"Are you sure?" I asked.

"Positive," she said. I tried to get my underwear all the way off, but Lacy couldn't wait that long. As soon as it was down to my knees, she rolled me over and pulled my cock up so that she could rub her cunt lips with it. That seemed to please her, and for a couple more minutes, I could still tell myself that I wasn't really betraying Clark. Then I ran my fingers over her ass. She backed up and pulled forward. My cock slipped inside her cunt with no effort at all. "Yes, Ian! Give it to me! Own it! Tell me what you're doing!"

"I'm fucking-I'm fucking-"

"Who?" she asked, and she ran her fingers up and down my sides.

"I'm fucking my best friend's wife," I roared.

"And you're doing a damn good job, too," she said. "Now come for me!"

I let out another roar, and I unloaded the most amazing load of cum. I could feel it pouring into her, and then she rolled over so I was back on top. "Oh, God, Lacy, you're amazing," I told her.

"She is, isn't she?" a familiar voice asked.

"Clark!" Lacy shouted.

"What the fuck?" was all I could muster.

Clark explained, "The Internet was out at Stan's house, and the Wi-Fi's nonexistent in his building, so we had to reschedule." That's when I remembered that the cable was out here too. "Now I'm gonna make you pay!"

I was afraid to look back, wondering how he was going to kill me. Did he have a gun? Could he strangle me with his bare hands? I looked around, and there he was. "Uh, we tried to resist," I told him. Then I realized he was naked. I looked back at Lacy. "You don't look nearly as terrified as I feel," I told her.

"She knows something you don't," Clark said. "She knows a fantasy I told her a long time ago."

"Cuckold?" I asked. "You want me to get your wife pregnant?" Clark didn't do anything. I hoped I'd guessed right. I willed myself to an erection and started fucking Lacy again.

"Not hardly," Lacy said. "Not that I'd mind."

"What, then?" I asked. I didn't need an answer. I felt a warm liquid flowing down between my butt cheeks. Soon I felt two hands separating my cheeks forcefully, and then I felt warm flesh at my asshole.

Clark said, "Lacy's not the only one with a nice ass." He moved back and forth slowly. "First time anal, huh?"

I started to shake my head, but then I realized what he meant. "Uh-huh," I grunted.

Clark sounded serious about punishing me, but his manner gave him away. He held my hips firmly so that he could go deep inside my ass without hurting me. Well, without harming me, anyway. It hurt a little, but it was kind of like what I hoped to feel when I'd try to finger myself as a teenager, only more so.

"Like it?" Clark asked. He pulled back until little more than this cockhead was inside me. He pushed back a little harder than when he'd entered me the first time, but this time I accommodated him more easily.

"I'd be lying if I said no," I answered. "How 'bout you? Lacy said it was a fantasy, so I'm guessing it's your first time doing this to a guy."

Clark grunted something I couldn't understand, and suddenly I didn't really care about the answer. (Later he explained: It was his first threesome, but Lacy didn't know he'd fucked guys before.) He held me steady so he could keep pumping my ass with his pleasure pole and I could keep fucking Lacy with mine.

"Do that!" Lacy screamed.

"Who are you talking to?" I asked her.

"Both of you," she managed to answer. She looked at me and said, "You fuck me," then looked back at Clark and said, "and you fuck him."

We all kept going for what seemed like an hour. On one occasion, I tried to touch this one spot on Lacy's cunt that's given pleasure to many of my past girlfriends, but the surprise feeling of Clark's cock on my prostate sent me in the wrong direction. "Sorry, Lacy," I told her.

"Don't be," she said. "You just found a new pleasure spot for me."

A few thrusts later, I could feel my cock ready to explode again. Since I'd had a head start, I was ready first. "I'm coming, Lacy!"

"Me, too, Ian!" they both shouted.

If I hadn't already cum, the sensation of Clark's hot cream flowing into my pulsing rectum would have put me over the top. When he finished, I looked forward and said, "So that's what it feels like." Then I looked down at Lacy. "If it feels that good, I'm surprised it's not women who are after it all the time."
