 Who knows what I was thinking. It was a Saturday night and Valentine’s day at that. My current lover was out of town and I was bored. So I went down to my fave little restaurant to chat with the bartender I knew, see some old acquaintances and just relax. 

I wore the quintessential “little black dress.” Underneath, black lace demi bra with matching boy-short panties & thigh highs. I figured I might as well see if I could get a few free drinks as well, and hell, maybe I’d meet a cute guy to drag home with me.

I sat there nursing a glass of wine, chatting with Tony, the bartender. About a half hour after I sat down, I felt a touch on my shoulder and heard, “Is this seat taken?” I turned around to see the most adorable blue-eyed man. 

“Absolutely not,” I smiled. “Feel free to sit.”

Then I saw that he had a knockout companion – lovely, dark curly hair, pretty green eyes and curves that a racer would love. I introduced myself – hoping that she hadn’t seen my look of lust directed toward her date….or her.

“Hi, I’m Cricket,” I said coyly, giving her my most dazzling smile.

“Hi Cricket, I’m Mimi,” she said. “This is my husband, Steve. He is cute, isn’t he?” she smiled and winked at me.

“Yes, um, well, very nice to meet you, Cute Hubby,” I laughed and shook his hand. He smiled and kissed my hand. I looked at Mimi to see if this bothered her, but she just looked unflinchingly into my eyes.

Oh my, I thought. This could turn out to be an interesting evening.

“Can I get you a drink?” I offered.

“Just club soda for me, thanks, I’m driving,” said Steve. “And only if you’ll let us buy you one as well,” he added.

I got Tony’s attention and ordered us a round of drinks. As we sat at the bar, I discovered that Mimi & Steve had been together for several years and were enjoying a weekend away from home at a hotel. “Every now and then, you need a little spice to keep the home fires burning,” Mimi said with a sly grin.

My eyebrows went up. “I agree completely,” I said.

Steve was looking at me with mischief in his eyes. I tried not to notice, but he was just so adorable!

“You’re very sexy,” he mouthed, as his finger trailed along the top of my stocking. 

A little shocked, I tried to look as though he hadn’t done it. After all, his wife was sitting right there!

“If you’ll excuse me,” I said, “I need to go to the ladies’ room.”

“I’ll come with you,” Mimi said, getting off her bar stool. Steve looked up at her. “Come now, baby, you know that women have to go to the girls’ room in groups. It’s the law,” she laughed. 

As we walked to the powder room, I became a little nervous. What if she had seen her husband touching my thigh? What if she freaked out on me? Ah well, I’d just have to deal with the consequences, I thought to myself as we went into the room and locked the door.

“Isn’t it funny how women, even if they don’t know each other, automatically feel comfortable sharing a bathroom?” I said to Mimi as I laughed a bit nervously and checked my hair in the mirror.

“Yes, it is,” she said. “But that’s not why I came with you.”

I looked at her in the mirror, my heart pounding.

“I know my husband is attracted to you,” she said.

“Oh, um, that’s very nice,” I said. “But I hope you don’t think I would try to come onto him or anything. That’s not my style.” In reality, had she not been there, I probably would have, but she didn’t need to know that.

“It’s ok, Cricket. The fact is, I’m attracted to you as well.”

I turned around. “You are?” I asked, unable to stop myself from smiling and blushing furiously. I’d been with women before, but I’d always been the aggressor. I’d never had a woman come onto me like this, and I was very excited by it.

“Yes, I am,” she said, stepping toward me slowly. “And I was hoping that you felt the same way.”

Given the open invitation, I slid my hands around her waist and kissed her lightly on the lips. She responded by sliding her arms around my neck and melting into me. I licked her bottom lip and kissed her with more passion, sliding my tongue between her lips and pulling her more tightly to me as she let out a small whimper.

I pulled back slightly. “Is this ok?” I asked, praying that she said yes, as my pussy was becoming more wet by the moment.

Her answer was to pull my mouth to hers as she ran her fingers through my long, dark hair.

I moved her backward, pinning her to the wall with my body. She gasped as I put my thigh between her legs, feeling the dampness in her panties against the nylon on my skin. I purred low in my throat, practically vibrating with need for this beautiful woman.

I planted small kisses and bites down her neck, running my tongue over the swell of her breast. She sighed and drew my head toward her. I pulled the top of her dress and bra to one side, exposing her dark nipple, already hardening with desire. Swirling my tongue around it, I sucked the hard peak into my mouth, grasping it with my teeth and running my tongue over the top of it as she cried out.

BAM BAM BAM. “Hey, what are you DOING in there? Other people need to use the restroom, y’know!” 

We both jumped at the noise, and then collapsed into giggles. What were we going to do? Fuck on the bathroom floor? Given the time, probably. 

“Ummm, just a moment!” Mimi called out, as we hurried to fix our lipstick and make ourselves look as normal as possible.

I ran over and flushed the toilet. “Just for show, you know,” I said, as Mimi cracked up again and opened the door.

“Sorry,” she said to the girls waiting outside. “We just needed some girl-talk,” she turned and winked at me. The girl waiting gave us a sarcastic grin as she ran in and slammed the door behind me.

As we walked back to the bar, Mimi turned and whispered in my ear “Just follow my lead, honey.”

I had no idea what that meant, but I hoped it included the chance to finish what we’d started.

When we walked up to either side of Steve, he gave us both a look and said “I was about to send the cavalry in there for you two. Are you alright?” he asked, looking at Mimi.

“I’m fine, babe. We just got to talking, right, Cricket?” she said, smiling at me.

“Oh, yes. Talking. It seems we have a lot in common,” I said, trying not to blush.

“Mm-hmm,” said Steve, smirking at me. I looked away. 

How could I look him in the eye when I’d been sucking his wife’s tits only minutes before?

Mimi looked at me and mouthed the words, “Watch this,” as she leaned down, stroked his cock through his pants and whispered something in Steve’s ear.

His eyes got wider as she whispered and he looked at me with a combination of joy and disbelief on his face. True to gentlemanly form, though, he composed himself quickly. When Mimi stood back up and looked at me, she had a wicked glint in her eye.

“I think it’s my turn to buy the drinks,” said Steve, as he continued to look at me out of the corner of his eye.

Mimi sat on the barstool, crossed her lovely legs and put her chin on her hand, as if watching a show.

“Sure, another drink would be good about now,” I said, sitting down next to them. If this night was heading where I thought it was, I needed to chill out a bit. “Make it a double,” I told Tony. 

“Don’t get too tipsy, Cricket,” Mimi said softly. “I have a feeling you’ll be up for a while tonight.” 

She looked up at me through her long dark lashes, and I felt my body tighten at the thought of tasting her.

As if reading my thoughts, Steve leaned over and whispered in my ear “She’s delicious.”

I laughed and threw my head back, then toasted the two of them. “Happy Valentine’s Day, you two. Here’s to new friends.”

“To new friends,” they replied as we all took a drink.

For the next hour, we talked about everything; work, family, hobbies, whatever came into our minds. It was surprisingly easy to open up to them. I confessed that one of my hobbies was writing erotic stories.

“Ooooo. Stories. I love stories!” said Mimi. “Tell us one!”

“I can’t just tell you one,” I said. “It takes time to create a story.”

“Well,” said Steve, wrapping his arm around Mimi, “perhaps you could come back with us to our hotel and we’ll help you create a story.”

My eyes got wide. Was he serious? I looked to Mimi for confirmation. Her reply was to reach out and make soft circles on my hand with her fingertips. My heart was racing.

“I wouldn’t want to intrude on your special weekend,” I said, not daring to believe what they were offering. After all, how many times does a girl get asked to have a three way with a married couple? And I was incredibly attracted to them both.

“Okay, let’s do it,” I said, a little surprised at the words coming out of my mouth.

Steve paid our tab, told me which hotel they were staying at, and the room number. I got in my car and followed behind, thoughts running through my head all the way. Did I need to buy condoms? Had they come into town planning to seduce a woman? Would Mimi be okay if her husband fucked me? Would he fuck me while I went down on her? Oh, oh, oh!!! I squeezed my thighs together at that thought. 

“Whatever happens,” I said to myself, “I’m just going to ‘go with it.’”

I parked my car and walked into the hotel as if I had a room there, taking the elevator to the fourth floor. On the way up, I had a moment of panic. What if they changed their minds? I would be so embarrassed! I took a deep breath and stepped off the elevator when the little bell sounded at the 4th floor.

“423…..423….” I repeated to myself as I looked for the room. When I got there, I raised my hand to knock, and found the door slightly open. 

“Hello,” I said tentatively, peeking around the doorway.

“Come in, Cricket,” I heard Mimi say.

I stepped in and closed the door behind me. I kicked off my heels next to the hall table and walked into the bedroom. Mimi was there, lying languidly on the bed in a deep green slip, the same shade as her lovely eyes.

“Oh my,” I said, dropping my purse. “You look stunning.”

“Thank you,” Mimi said. “You’re quite beautiful yourself. Come sit with me.”

“Where’s Steve?” I asked as I sat on the edge of the bed.

“Oh, he went downstairs for ice and soda. He’ll be back in a while. Right now, it’s just us girls. And I believe we have some unfinished business?” She leaned toward me and placed a soft, sexy kiss on my mouth.

Ohhhhh yes, I thought to myself. I pushed Mimi back onto the bed and spread her legs with my thighs, pressing my mound up against hers.

“Mmmmmmm,” she replied, arching her back and exposing her throat.

I fell upon her and kissed her mouth again, allowing my passion to get the better of me. 

“I want to taste you, Mimi,” I breathed into her mouth. “I want to make you cum.”

She wrapped her legs around me and pressed her cunt to mine. “Mmmm, yes, make me cum,” she said.

I pulled the straps of her slip down, exposing her soft, full breasts. I licked one nipple, pressing my tongue into it and then swirling it around until it stood up in a hard, tight bud. She moaned, pulling my head toward her other breast. I ran my hands over both of them, taking her other nipple between my teeth and biting it gently. Mimi began to rock her hips, letting me know how much she wanted me to fuck her.

I took my time, kissing as much of her skin as I could reach – neck, mouth, cheeks, shoulders, arms….then I took one of her fingers into my mouth and sucked it slowly. 

“Touch yourself for me,” I whispered huskily. I wanted to see what she liked, so I could pleasure her.

She reached down between her legs and pulled her panties to one side. Sliding one finger into herself to wet it, she slid up and down her pussy, pressing hard onto her clit and moaning.

I couldn’t take it anymore. I had to taste her! I sat up and pulled my black dress over my head and threw it to the side, then slid my hands up her sides and peeled her panties off, casting them away to join my dress on the floor.

I looked up at Mimi and saw lust in her eyes. “Lick me,” she said, “please lick my pussy.”

I slid downward, planting kisses on her thighs and wrapping my arms around them. She had the most delicious, dark pink pussy lips. I sucked each one gently into my mouth, then breathed onto her clit. She bucked, pressing her warm cunt to my lips.

I flattened my tongue and licked her slit from bottom to top as she moaned her approval. I made small waves with my tongue, lapping at her sweet wetness. Steve was right! She tasted delicious!

I continued lapping at her cunt like a cat with cream, then licked down to her warm hole and slid my tongue inside. I used my tongue like a small cock, fucking her pussy deeply. I pressed my thumb against her clit while I tongue-fucked her. I was ravenous with desire. I wanted nothing more than for this woman to cum in my mouth. 

Mimi rocked her hips, fucking my face while I stabbed her with my tongue, her motions pressing my thumb back and forth forcefully across her clit. Moments later, she came, screaming behind clenched teeth and tearing at my back. I licked and sucked her until she began to relax.

“Mmmmmmmm,” I hummed between her legs. “That was delicious,” I kissed her thighs, wiping her juices across them as I slid back upward.

“Oh….my….god,” she panted. “That was wonderful!” she said as I smiled gleefully at her.

Suddenly, I felt weight on the bed, and a hard cock pressing between my legs.

“Yes, indeed, that was quite a show,” said Steve from behind me. Mimi smiled up at him.

I rolled off of Mimi, lying next to her, so I could get a better look at Steve. “Damn,” I thought, “he really is gorgeous!” As a couple, they complemented one another wonderfully. And from the look of that cock, we were both in for a good time tonight.

“Look at that beautiful cock…and just in time…I was getting thirsty,” purred Mimi as

she pulled him down between the two of us. 

If there’s one thing I love as much as a sweet pussy, it’s inches of hard cock in my mouth. Just the idea of sucking his cock – especially with Mimi, made my pussy soaking wet.

“Well, don’t let me stop you,” grinned Steve as he peeled off the rest of Mimi’s slip.

“Well now,” Mimi looked at me, “We can’t have you wearing clothes when neither of us are,” she said teasingly.

I smiled and began to unhook my bra. 

“No, let me,” she said. Mimi leaned over and kissed me, sliding her hands behind my back and popping the hooks of my bra. She tossed it behind her and leaned over to suckle my breast.

I gasped as she licked playfully at my nipples. “Bite them,” I whispered and she grazed her teeth across one, then the other. I pulled her head to me, hoping she’d bite harder. She did, and I gasped, as I felt fingers between my legs. Steve had decided to get into the act, slipping his fingers back and forth along my swollen lips. He took his finger and licked it. 

“Mmmmm. Mimi, taste this,” he said, slipping his finger back into my pussy and bringing it to her lips. 

She slid his finger into her mouth, sucking it softly and reaching down to stroke his cock.

“Sweet,” Mimi said, looking up at me. At the thought of her warm mouth on my cunt, and his cock in my mouth, I almost came on the spot.

“But first,” she said, “Let’s give Steve some attention.

My eyes lit up at the idea. “Turn around,” said Steve. “I want to be able to touch you both while you suck my cock.” Mimi and I looked at each other, grinning, and turned around. Steve peeled my panties off and slid his hand up my thigh.

Mimi took his cock in hand, as we each licked our way up and down the shaft, taking turns and pulling the swollen head into our mouths. Steve moaned his pleasure, as I felt his fingers again on my pussy. I rotated my hips in response. Oh, my – I couldn’t wait to be fucked!

Mimi and I became lost in the sensations. We kissed and sucked his cock, took turns licking and sucking his balls one at a time, and then together, kissing one another passionately over, and with his cock in our combined mouths. Steve’s breathing became a little harder as the head of his dick became larger and oozed a few drops of precum. Mimi lapped it up and kissed me, sharing the taste of him. We took turns stroking and sucking his lovely member, passing it back and forth to one another. By now, Steve was unable to stroke our wanting pussies, and had settled for clutching onto our bottoms.

“Oh, god,” moaned STEVE, “Oh god yes, I’m gonna cum!” he cried out as thick spurts of warm cream shot from his cock and into our waiting mouths. Mimi pumped every last drop out of him as he shuddered the last bit of his climax. We took turns licking him clean, enjoying his post-orgasmic twitches.

Mimi turned around and kissed him as he wrapped his arms around her.

“Well, come on, silly,” said Mimi, “Come get a kiss.”

I smiled and slid up next to Steve, enjoying his masculine scent and the sandpaper-feel of his chin against mine. As our tongues mingled, I pressed my mound against his leg, aching with the need for release.

“Cricket hasn’t had any fun yet, baby,” said Mimi.

“Oh, I’m having fun, believe me!” I said to them both, laughing.

“We are too,” they said together. “But you haven’t gotten to cum yet,” Mimi smiled, raising her eyebrows at me as she reached over and pinched my nipple.

“Here I am,” I said wickedly, lying back on the bed and giving my best Marilyn-Monroe-cheesecake pose. “Come and get me,” I laughed.

Mimi crawled over Steve and kissed me passionately, pushing me to the bed.

“I’ve been thinking about this all evening,” she whispered softly in my ear, as she licked my earlobe.

“Mmmmm,” was my reply, as I squirmed underneath her and reached up to cup her breasts in my hands.

Mimi lay on top of me, pressing her warm figure against me. I loved the feel of her skin – so soft, and ran my hands through her thick, curly, dark hair. She slid back, sitting on her heels and running her hands down my breasts and belly.

“I want you to taste me,” I said to her, smiling my best, sexiest smile.

Mimi smiled back, leaned over, and took my nipple in her mouth, rolling it over her tongue. I arched my back into her and pulled her against me. I was already so aroused, I knew it wouldn’t take much for me to climax.

She ran her tongue down my belly, stopping to circle my navel, then dipping lower – hovering over my throbbing clit. She breathed warmly on it, then licked the space between my thigh and labia. I curled my hips toward her mouth, whimpering, begging her to lick me.

“Please, oh, god, please, taste me….lick my pussy, please,” I moaned, my hips churning toward her mouth.

As she slid like velvet between my legs, I felt a warm mouth on my breast – I looked up, and Steve was giving my aching nipples some much-needed attention.

“Ohh, ahh….yesssss,” I moaned. 

Mimi had begun flicking her tongue lightly up and down my slit, breathing warm breath onto my clit as she moved upward. I could feel all of the muscles in my thighs clench, aching, desperate to cum for her.

She lapped at me lightly, sliding her tongue into my dripping snatch, and humming her approval at finding me so wet. Steve continued to lick and bite one nipple, while pulling at the other with his fingertips. Oh – such delectable torture!

Steve continued to stroke my nipples as he moved to kiss me.

“Do you like this?” he breathed into my mouth as he pinched and pulled on my nipple.

“Mmmm, ohh, yes, kiss me, kiss me,” I begged him.

He covered my mouth with his, while Mimi continued to flick my clit with her tongue until it grew large and I thrust my hips into her face, moaning, “Suck my clit, Mimi, suck it!”

She sucked my swollen clit between her lips, continuing the flicks of her tongue on the sensitive nub.

“Unnnnggggg ggggoooodddd!” I cried, clutching at Steve’s back with one hand, and Mimi’s hair with the other.

