 I'm an attractive 47-year married man that needs to get in better shape to drop a few pounds and I don't know if it is middle age or what, but I have been horny as a motherfucker pretty much all of the time lately. Unfortunately, my wife's sex drive hasn't matched my own which has made me result to jerking off to porn or with other horny folks online. When I'm not using those two I've been using my past to help me out and thought I might as well share them here. 

This is a true story of my wildest sexual experience that took place with my high school girlfriend 25 years ago. Her name was Heather and she was a little over 5 ft, about 115 lbs. with the nicest B cup tits. She was a hot little kinky fuck and I will share more stories about her later. She was two years younger than me and we knew there was no way we could stay faithful to each other once I went to college so we "broke up" once I graduated high school. That was an awesome summer as we both spent more time with our friends but met up at the end of the night to fuck as much as we could before the middle of August. For the next couple of years, we let each other live and as our paths would cross we would fuck and suck just like old times. We both knew that the other was there if we needed them and neither of us could tell the other no. 

We were on the phone discussing her coming up for my fraternity's big party when I asked what she was doing for the weekend and she said she was going to a party to watch the Cowboys playoff game as she had become a big Cowboy fan. I bet her $100 that the Cowboys couldn't cover the spread and she answered, "You're on!" That bet provided us good banter material throughout the whole week and fortunately for me the Cowboys won but didn't cover. We rolled it to the next week, same bet and double or nothing. That was fun to give her shit during the game and her proposing sexual acts to get out of paying me $200. 

"You know there is something I will take instead of money. You know what I've always wanted." 

"Maybe I will get someone to come with me since it is such a long drive." 

Those were a long couple of weeks with her teasing me. Finally, that Thursday came and she told me that she was bringing a girl named Katie with her but that I should expect $200 instead of the other. I cleaned my apartment and went to the store to keep myself busy waiting on them to arrive. 

Heather had a shit eating grin on her face when she saw me get a look at and a hug from Katie because she was the exact same size as Heather and just as hot. I was big man on campus at the frat party as I had 2 hot chicks with me all night. If a dude hit on Katie that she didn't like I would act like her boyfriend to drive them away and it was awesome to dance with both. Eventually we made our way back to my 1-bedroom apartment (we arranged for the girls to have my bed while I took the couch) so I brushed my teeth and grabbed a pair of shorts since the bathroom was in my bedroom. I'm not going to lie I took my time because they were undressing but I left before I could see anything (I didn't want to do something stupid to fuck up this chance). 

I was watching SportsCenter when Heather came out in her white nightie to tell me good night. We both knew where this was headed, and it was hot to keep "quiet" so Katie wouldn't hear us. I'm pretty sure that Heather was fantasizing about Katie fingering herself in the next room listening to us just like I was. She rode me and we had a huge orgasm together which neither of us tried to hide. That was one of our sexiest kisses ever as I slowly pumped the last of my hard on as we came down together. She laid with me for a little but eventually went to bed with Katie. 

I woke up before them do I made eggs, bacon, toast and coffee. That was one of the sexiest moments of my life watching a pair of beautiful women come out of my bedroom in their nighties to eat breakfast. I had a chubber all breakfast as they were both wearing spaghetti strap tops and small cheeky shorts, Heather's white and Katie's black. As we ate breakfast the girls started to give each other shit.

Kate: "Sounds like you guys had fun last night. Keep me up later than I wanted." 

Heather: "You should thank us. Everyone sleeps better after an orgasm."

They both had smirks on their faces cuz they both knew they came last night. As Katie finished her breakfast, she placed her plate in sink and said, 

"I'm hitting the shower as I'll bet you too want to start this day off the right way." 

She winked at us and walked into the bedroom. As soon as the bathroom door closed Heather said, 

"Well we had better hurry up." 

We walked in the bedroom undressing as we walked so we were both naked by the time we reached the bed. We were all over each other and she was riding me in no time. Heather loved to ride me and talk dirty; while she was riding me, she said, 

"How did you like Katie fingering herself listening to us fuck? That's all I could think about last night and it made me horny as fuck when she confirmed it this morning. I hope she's listening to us now."

Heather came hard telling me she wanted Katie to watch us fuck and I had a little left so I rolled her over into missionary so I could fuck her hard. Heather continued to talk dirty, 

"Fuck me hard baby. I want Katie to watch us fuck like this while she plays with her pussy." 

I fucked her as deep as I could and shot my load in her pussy. Just as I pulled out the shower turned off. 

"Good timing." As she got out of bed, grabbed a towel and walked in the bathroom naked. As the door was closing, I heard Katie say, 

"Y'all really did just fuck, didn't you?" 

I put my shorts and t shirt back on and went to clean the kitchen to give them some privacy to get ready. We had a great day together as it was different than the first day as all three of were more touchy-feely the whole day. 

The party was like first night but like I said all 3 of us were all over each other on the dance the floor. We were all 3 horny as fuck so I finally said to them, 

"Let's get out of here as I think we can have more fun at home." 

Kate said, "Well, what am I going to do while y'all are fucking?"

Me: "You can watch us." 

Heather: "I think we would have fun more fun if you joined us." 

Katie: "That sounds like a great idea." 

We pretty much ran to my car and they both jumped in the front seat. They were kissing before I had the car in drive and that was the most erotic drive of my life watching them make out next to me. 

We went straight to bedroom and started to undress. I was naked in record time and my cock slapped against my stomach when I pulled my boxers off. 

Katie: "Looks like someone is ready and no wonder you love it so much." As she smiled at Heather. 

They were about to take over their bra and G-strings off when I asked to keep them on and kiss me. It was so sexy for us all three to kiss while they each had a hand on my cock. Heather was in black and Katie in white this time. 

Me: "I'm starting to think y'all are planning these. Y'all are the most beautiful women ever." 

We all laid down on the bed and while they kissed and caressed each other, I went down on Heather and pulled off her G-string so I could lick her pussy. I licked her clit down to her pussy so I could stick my tongue as deep as I could. I moved over to Katie and removed her panties to see that she had her bush in just a little strip above clit. My cock jumped when I saw it and I dove into her pussy and licked her with an extra gusto. It was so hot to look up and see them kissing while I licked one and fingered the other. 

I suggested we switch so that one could ride my cock while the other rode my face. Katie took my face and Heather sucked my cock before she mounted it. It was so hot to hear us moan and the sounds of them kissing. My cock twitched inside Heather's pussy when I heard Katie say, 

"Let's take these off so we can play with our tits."

They kept their lips locked as they removed each other's bra and felt the other's tits. Heather let out the sexiest moan and said, 

"Damn that feels good Katie, let me suck your tits." 

Heather sat down on my cock and took one of Katie's nipples in her mouth as I felt a finger join my tongue on her pussy. Katie was so horny as she said, 

"Fuck, Heather suck my tits and play with my clit, you sexy bitch." 

I pushed my dick up into Heather when I heard this and moved my tongue back to Katie's ass. I could tell she liked as she pushed back against me. We continued for a few more minutes until Katie said, 

"Can I fuck him? I need some dick." 

Heather slowly rose off my dick and it smacked against my stomach as it came out of her pussy. Heather moaned as my lips and tongue made contact with her pussy; when Katie took my cock in her mouth she said, 

"That is so sexy, Katie" 

Katie pulled my cock out of her mouth and said, 

"Your pussy tastes so good." 

I went to town in Heather's pussy and clit as Katie mounted my hard dick. The girls kissed as she bottomed out on my dick and got up on her feet, so she was squatting. She held on to Heather as she pounded on my cock and balls hard (thank goodness I had quite a bit to drink but I'm not sure how I didn't cum). I was lucky because about that time Katie said, 

"Keep rubbing my clit, Heather. Y'all are going to make me cum."

I sucked Heather's clit in my lips as she rubbed Katie through her orgasm. Katie slammed on my cock, stuck her chest out, head back and shook as she came on my cock and Heather's hand. As she came down, she slowly rolled off my hard cock and laid down next to us. Heather got up off my face and said, 

"That was fucking hot and I need to cum. But I'm going to try the taste of Katie's pussy first." 

Heather licked my dick from my balls up to my head, then took as much as she could in her mouth and bobbed a few times. If she would have kept going, I would have come and Katie opened her eyes to watch and lazily played with her cunt. 

Heather got up and positioned her tight pussy over my cock as she said, 

"Are you ready to shoot your cum in my tight little pussy?" 

"Yes, baby fuck me." 

She slid on my cock until she had me balls deep in her and she started to grind her clit against me and squeeze her pussy on my cock. When Heather got this hot she would close her eyes and start to talk dirty as she would get lost in her lust. 

"Your dick feels so good in my pussy. Look at Katie fingering her pussy while she watches us fuck. Are you going to cum for me? You ready? I'm almost there... I'm cumming." 

I have never shot that hard as we both were moaning and panting through our orgasms. We kissed as we both came down and looked over at Katie as she said, 

"Damn, you two. That was fucking hot!"

We both laughed as Heather slipped off my dick and went to the bathroom. I was hoping that Katie would take my cock in her mouth, but she snuggled up against me as she laid her head on my chest. Heather said, 

"Look at you two sexy fuckers." 

As she got into bed, we us and snuggled on the other side. I felt like the luckiest man in the world as we slowly kissed each other and I said, 

"Thank you and please let me do this again I the morning before y'all leave."