 The main character here appeared in the Stacy Lancaster story "Stacy's First Swing". In it, Betty was older and something of a recovering sex addict. This story is set perhaps fifteen years earlier when Betty was in her early prime.

***

All three spilled out of the cab in front of the townhouse. The cabbie was pissed off, even after Betty flashed him her tits. What was his problem? It's not like either of the guys jizzed in the cab. They were only making out a little. And they were way awesome tits.

That reminded Betty. She leaned back into the rear of the cab, looking for her panties. Baz pulled out his wallet and started tossing bills in next to the driver while Mike was mesmerized by the way her ass looked in the tight, short skirt.

He started sliding a hand up under her dress. Betty giggled and wiggled her rear end. When he started lifting the hem, she didn't stop him. She hung her thong loosely on the top of her head and braced her hands on the seat. When Mike ground the front of his jeans against her naked ass, as she knew he would, she ground back on him.

The dumb cabbie screamed at them again and let the car jerk forward a couple inches. Betty jumped up, knocking Mike back to fall flat on his butt.

The cab tore off, acceleration closing the back door. Betty stood, naked ass to the wind, looking down dumbly at Mike. He looked a bit confused but was staring at her well-groomed beaver.

Baz slapped her ass. She turned to him, grinning. She grabbed his collar and pulled his mouth to hers. They kissed; a sloppy, drunk kiss. Baz was tall. Skinny tall, like the rocker he claimed to be. But Betty was a big woman, nearly 6'2" in her fuck-me heels.

Baz's hand was on her ass, fingers beginning to brush her steaming clam. His touch made her suck hard on his tongue.

It took Mike three tries to get to his feet. When he did he just kind of stared at the other two. He was much shorter and a little thicker with a black buzz cut and several days worth of thin beard. "You're such a fucking slut."

Betty broke the kiss and looked at him, Baz's collar still held tightly. "Do you know any other kind of slut?" she asked. Releasing Baz, she started click-clacking up the walk in her heels. Her skirt was still bunched up around her waist. The big, firm globes of her sculpted ass barely jiggled at all. "Well come on, boys. You can't wreck me up standing out here. Which of you said they wanted my ass first?" She jangled through her keys as she went.

It was sexy as hell and bad-ass at the same time. The effect was not at all marred by the red thong still draped over her big head of hair.

Betty opened the door. Her shoes clattered across the tiled vestibule and she flipped on the lights in the living room.

It was a nice place in a nice part of town. Not huge but comfortable and well furnished. She looked around as the guys came in, Baz closing the door. "Thank god for maids," she said, turning to them. "You wouldn't believe what a slob I am." She started to run her hands through her hair, preening before her admirers but she encountered her panties still atop her head. She held them in her hand a moment, looking at them in confusion. Then she laughed. "Ha! How long have those been there?"

The two young men just watched. In the cab, they both had gotten a good feel of the little strip of cloth as well as the hot bush and lips under it. They knew it was drenched in her girl-drool.

Betty pulled her long, wavy hear back into a messy ponytail and wound her thong around it to use as a scrunchy.

"This will be a lot funner if you take your pants off, guys." She said as she reached down to the bunched hem of her clinging pastel-lilac sheathe and pulled it up past her amazing tits and off her head.

Betty was a flawless goddess. Twenty-two and built for sex. Flared hips, neat bush, tanned all over. How she could have both that amazing round ass and a flat stomach was something only god or a good geneticist could answer.

And then there was her massive chest. Both guys just starred with their mouths open. Her crimson brazier held gallons of the most amazing tit flesh they could ever imagine.

She cupped her big udders and pouted. "Come on. You can't see my tits till I see you dicks."

Both men hastened to comply. Whatever awkwardness there might have been between them being exposed together simply didn't matter in the face of the goddess's command.

Betty appraised the results. Mike and Baz were far from her best catches. But it was a Wednesday. The pickings were always a little slim on Wednesdays but she hadn't felt the touch and adoration of a man for three whole days so she wasn't going to be picky.

Besides, there were two of them.

And also, they weren't the worst she'd ever pulled. Both were hard, of course. The little guy wasn't really so little. He looked to be a hefty 7 inches or more. Emphasis on hefty. She liked them thick like that.

Baz she was a bit disappointed in, to be honest. Both shorter and thinner than his mate. Hell, his best feature was probably his big, plush lips. They looked as kissable as her own.

"Nice," she said to them both appreciatively. She unsnapped her bra and shrugged out of it.

There is no word suitable to describe Betty's breasts other than perfect. First, they were fully mature but stood out firm and proud. They always well overfilled DD cup bras. The swell, the hang, the perfect tan. And those fantastic gumdrop nipples that stood out darkly even against the rich, sun-graced bronze of her skin.

Her breasts were probably the most important thing in her life. The intensity of the gaze of every man that looked at them made her feel powerful and needed.

In a rush now, she closed on the two hapless males and wrapped a hand behind each of their heads and pulled them down to her treasures. "This is what you want, right?" She asked breathlessly. Each began to lick, kiss and suck her proffered flesh. "You want me. You want my body. You're never going to forget the things we're about to do together."

Mike growled into her right breast and ran a hand swiftly up her long leg and into her dripping slit. He roughly ran the blade of his hand along her crease.

"Oh yes. Shit." Betty gasped. She clung to both their heads and squeezed her thighs around Mike's questing hand.

Mike fought free of her grip and stood straight, fingers still plundering her box. He grabbed the back of her head and pulled it down to his level. He bit her lower lip.

Betty moaned. Mike chuckled as Baz continued to drown himself in her tits. "On the floor slut. I'm going to rail you right now."

Betty was much bigger than he but she wasn't exactly struggling against his manhandling. She was on her back on the plush carpet within seconds. Mike got between her legs and pointed his fat cock at her gash. Betty reached out, took hold of his member and pulled him to her sex. "Shove it in now!"

Baz stood forgotten for a moment as Mike shoved himself into the slut.

Betty ooofed and sighed. "Nice fucking cock. Good cock for my slutty cunt!"

"God you feel so hot around me. Bet this isn't the first time you've been with two guys."

Betty laughed as Mike urgently humped at her groin. "Not even the first time this month," she said.

With the frisky cab ride and Betty's incandescent sexuality, Mike lasted barely a minute. When his movements took on the familiar raggedness of a man near the end, Betty slid away from him and urged, "On my tits. Please jizz on my tits so I can feel it all."

With a coughing roar, Mike heaved to his feet and jerked at his wet cock. He blasted white lava all over Betty's tits and stomach.

Betty laughed and played in the falling drops but even before Mike finished shooting, Baz was between her legs, jabbing his thin cock at her hole.

"Ohh, so eager!" Betty said happily. As Baz humped uncontrollably at her wide gash, Betty beckoned Mike to bring his spent cock to her mouth for further attention.

Mike knelt beside her and she grabbed his ass with one hand, lifting her mouth to his softly pulsing cock. She tasted herself on him and it made her mouth water. In its semi-hard state, Betty could inhale it and bury her nose in his groin. She drooled all over his nuts while her tongue wrestled with his organ.

Betty could tell Mike would be ready for another round in very short order.

She was so distracted by Mike' yummy sausage that she didn't realize Baz was ready to cum. His cock was a comfortable snack for her eager pussy but he wasn't exactly rocking her world. He jerked and grunted inside her and she felt the heat of his seamen splash within her chamber.

She hadn't cum yet. She hadn't expected to, really. She knew both guys would be on hair triggers and she'd have to wait for round two. But she still couldn't help being a little disappointed. "It's kind of rude to cum in a lady without asking first." she pouted as she fisted Mike's gradually growing erection. Neither horndog could tell how serious she was. "How 'bout you apologize with a little muff munching?" She spread her legs wider for Baz.

In a post-orgasmic daze, gooey cock softening between his legs, Baz stared at the slut's slightly swollen beaver. In the absence of any other thoughts arising in his drunken and horny brain, he fell forward and buried his entire face in her gash.

Baz wasn't even fully aware he was eating his own creampie.

"That's right, Big Boy. Eat me up." She turned back to the rejuvenated woody in her hand.

Mike watched in fascinated disbelief as the bitch wrapped her lips around his burning cock. She was smiling up at him, lips wide around his cock. She took him deep. His thickness filled the back of her throat and she gagged once on about the last two inches.

She just kept smiling up at him, one hand clinging to his ass. She jabbed him deep against the back of her throat again. She squelched around him but resisted the urge to gag. Again and again, she jabbed him against her face.

The bitch was unreal. All sense of restraint vanished from Mike's mind. He sank both hands into her thick wavy hair and took over the jabbing.

He skull fucked her. Within seconds he beat her throat into submission and slid the last inch into her head. He held it there, grinding his pubes against her face.

The crazy bitch was still clinging to his ass, helping him to make her take it. Her eyes were watering and she was slobbering and struggling for breath but he kept his raging cock buried in her throat for a good minute. And she let him.

It was only because her milking throat felt too good that he finally pulled her off his sausage. Betty gasped and coughed. Then she laughed. Not a little girl laugh. Not an especially sexy laugh. But a deep and hungry laugh. "I want it just like that in my pussy right now."

She scrambled away, leaving Baz mid-lick. She jumped onto the couch and braced herself against the back. "Right now, fucker. Do it hard and don't stop till I scream."

Mike was there. He slapped her ass hard one time, the crack ringing in their ears. Betty didn't flinch, she just growled and thrust her ass back.

One broad, firm hip in one hand and his phlegm covered cock in another, he entered her like a battering ram.

She took it like she was born to have her pussy pounded. "Oh yes! Pound it right through me you horny bastard!" she shouted. She supported herself against the couch with one hand while she stroked her clit.

Mike was sure he had to be dreaming. Real life was never this perfect. Her tanned back was broad and powerful looking. The mess of her hair tied up with her pussy-scented thong begged to be pulled. The firm globes of her ass surged and flexed under his grip like the essence of life itself.

And her tight, dripping cunt felt like heaven and hell got together to make a baby and name it Sex.

Betty met Mike stoke for stoke, fucking in perfect time with his hunger. She came, loud and demanding. "Yes! Yeah baby, that's it. Make your fucking whore cream! Just like that."

It's a damn good thing she climaxed because despite already emptying his load once, Mike was rapidly reaching the point of no return. "I'm gonna cum again!" he grunted.

"Fine." said Betty breathlessly, still feeling the burn of climax. "I want it on my ass! Cover my ass in cum baby."

Mike pounded her several more times before squeezing his cock tight and pulling loose from her wild hole. Laughing maniacally he shot his cream all over her ass and back. While he came, Betty shoved half her hand back up her cunt and vigorously frigged herself through the last moments of her own orgasm.

Baz watched, stroking his hard cock. As Mike fell into a deeply cushioned chair, Betty turned back to Baz. She stared at his underwhelming manhood for a moment before standing. "Stay right there, I'll be back in a sec."

Both men loved watching her leave, still in heels, spunk dripping all down her backside.

She returned almost immediately with a good-sized rubber dong in her hand. "You want my ass baby?" she said, looking right at Baz. She held eye contact as she arranged herself on the end of the couch. She lay back on the couch with her hips raised high on the arm. Still staring at Baz, she lewdly spread her legs wide.

Her trimmed but soaking beaver gaped noticeably. She briefly played with her pink cunt folds, hissing, "Oh, it's so sensitive right now." And then her fingers began to delicately trace around her puckered browneye. "Hmmmm, let me get my little butt-hole ready for you," she said in her most sultry voice. Baz had to stop touching himself or he would cum just from watching.

With a bit of slickness from her temporarily satisfied pussy she very slowly worked one finger into her other hole. Her hips wiggled as she went deeper. "Baz baby, my ass really wants you." A second finger massaged her anal ring and then began to infiltrate next to its sister.

With a look of complete depravity, she pursed her lips and kissed the fat dildo in her other hand. She slid it past her lips and slathered it with her tongue.

When she had two fingers sunk all the way into her ass, she made herself choke on the dildo, taking half of it in and jabbing it against her throat. She slobbered all over it.

When she pulled it from her mouth, she spread her legs even wider, extending them above her head. Then she sank the big fake cock into her cunt. "Oh god, that feels amazing!"

The bitch looked at Baz and slowly pulled her fingers from her ass and ground the base of the dildo into her mound. "Your turn honey. My ass needs you inside me right now."

As if hypnotized, Baz stepped up beside the couch. He looked down at the spread of carnality between her legs... bulging cunt wrapped around a thick rubber cock and a soft, glistening rosebud beneath.

Cock in hand, he stabbed forward and sunk into her tight, buttery rear passage. Their resulting moans sounded almost identical.

"Do you love being dirty as much as I do?" Betty asked as Baz began to fuck her ass.

***

Behind the townhouse was a well-lit alley lined by garages and small gardens and patios. The door to Betty's garage opened itself as a sleek black car turned into the ally. It pulled into the garage and the door lowered behind it.

***

Betty writhed on the couch. She turned over and lay with her stomach across the arm. One arm was pinned beneath her, working the dildo into her gooey gash. Baz's hands were clawing at her ass as he jack-rabbited into her hot anal cavity over and over again.

"When you cum, I want it inside. Fill my ass up, baby!"

***

No one heard the back door off the kitchen open.

***

"God you whore. Take it. Take it all in your slutty ass." Baz was whispering as the moment of truth approached.

At the moment he flooded the slut's ass with his jizz, the kitchen light went on. They didn't notice that either. Mike was mesmerized, hand beating his once again rising cock while he watched his friend assfuck the bimbo. He was trying to think of what he wanted to do to her next. He knew it would involve those fantastic tits that were at that moment dangling beneath her chest like delicious punching bags.

Baz held himself deep inside Betty's ass as she wrung the sperm from his body.

"You god damn bitch, what the fuck is going on here?" a voice roared.

The three naked revelers froze. Betty whipped her head around to stare at the man emerging from the kitchen. "Ken! You said you weren't coming back till Friday!"

Baz slumped against the side of the couch, his cock limp between his legs and his eyes wide with confusion.

"You fucking slut!" The man yelled again. "Fucking around behind my back was not part of the deal!"

Betty slid off the couch and got to her feet. She was still wearing her heels but she had no problem hustling over to the angry man. "Oh baby, I'm so glad you're here," she said, trying to draw his attention away from the other men.

Her free-flying tits and sultry voice just about did the trick.

The man was a bit under six foot and was wearing a long wool business coat. His carefully parted, short brown hair was immaculate as was his short but full beard. He looked to be over forty.

Betty was all over him in the blink of an eye. She ran her hands inside his coat and held him close, pressing her hot breasts to his chest. "I've missed you so much. You know how horny I get when you're away." She kissed him, forcing her tongue between his lips.

When a naked sex goddess throws herself at you, there's not much a person can do other than grab her and kiss her back. Betty ground herself against Ken's groin. He buried a hand in soft tit flesh and in her hair and kissed her back.

When they parted, Ken was out of breath. Betty didn't waste a second. She smoothly pushed his coat off his shoulders and let it fall to the floor. Then she slid herself down his body to kneel and unfasten his slacks.

Baz quietly got dressed and headed for the door. Mike stayed planted. He had no idea what was going to happen but he was still horny. The guy looked like an executive or something. Trim, not much more than average hight... he didn't scare Mike. He decided he wasn't leaving until he got another piece of Betty. But he could wait a minute or two to see how things were going to go down.

Baz was out the door by the time Betty freed Ken's rising cock and swallowed it whole. She stared up at him with big eyes while she blew him.

The townhouse was his. Betty just worked as a lobby receptionist in a big downtown building. She was literally just eye candy, letting others handle all but the most mundane badge checking and direction giving. She didn't make anywhere near enough to live the lifestyle she desired.

But at twenty-two, Betty was already a veteran of getting men to buy her things. Things like this killer townhouse, complete with maid service. She hadn't gotten Ken to spring for a nice car yet but there were two more power-suit types in the building she worked at that she was just about ready to add to her sugar-daddy stable.

She released Ken's cock. It was a slender six incher and it was ready for business. But Betty needed to really pour on the slut after getting caught. She had kind of led Ken to believe they were exclusive.

"Sorry I've been a bad girl, baby," she said. "But I just missed you so much and it was going to be two more whole days!"

"So you start bringing men to the place I pay for to fuck? Stupid bitch, I should throw you out on your ass right this second!" Betty had backed him down of his murderous rage but he was not yet in a forgiving mood.

She pouted at him and stood slowly. "Wouldn't you rather spank my ass than throw it out?" she asked and pinched one of her nipples lightly.

Ken slowly stepped out of his pants, glaring sternly at her. He glanced briefly at Mike standing naked in one corner. Looked around and didn't see the other one. "Did you already fuck her?" He asked Mike.
