 As I lay in bed next to my young lover; moist from sweat and a surfeit of his young spunk that now covered my tits, I flickered my eyes open to look at him and counted in my head "5-4-3-2......1." I was correct as usual.

Craig feigned a yawn and as he stretched his arms sneakily looked at his wrist watch. It had been the same routine for the last few weeks; we'd fuck and suck like crazy -- sometimes on the webcam other times just us and two big mirrors. The sex was out of this world for both of us...but....there was nothing else. No conversation -- nothing.

I shouldn't complain as he was still only 20 and I was 40 (something); what the Hell would we have in common?

"Shit!" Craig grumbled as he sat on the edge of the bed looking for his socks. "I told Matt I'd meet him in the pub at 9 to discuss next weekends gigs; is that ok?" He was now pulling a black band t-shirt over his mop of dark hair and covering up his tattooed torso.

"No, of course not." I lied as I rested on my elbow and began stroking my sore fanny. Earlier in the evening he'd made me cum 3 times by licking me; and his rough stubble had scraped against my soft pubic skin.

"Fucking Hell Kim!" He shook his head as he used my real name; "I promised Matt...and I don't think I can get it up again."

Just to tease him for leaving me I was now fingering my pussy and rubbing his sticky spunk into my tits. I pouted as I saw his cock twitch inside his tight black jeans. I winked and giggled as I sucked a lump of spunk off my finger.

"I know you have promised." I smiled as I covered myself with the quilt. "How long are you away for this time?"

He thought for a moment as he struggled to pull a cowboy boot on. His band were supporting a top rock band in three Universities over 100 miles away and it was a great opportunity for them.

"All weekend I think, back on Tuesday." Craig said as he fluffed up his hair in the mirror. "Is that ok?"

"It'll have to be; won't it?" I replied then playfully sighed, "I just don't know what I'll do with myself for 5 days."

It was his turn to wink now as he bent over the bed and kissed me on the cheek. Then his cute arse was gone.

After a quick shower and some supper I couldn't resist my carnal urges and went back online. Quite a few friends had left rude messages and a couple of guys were online. It didn't take them very long to get my robe off and see me in the nude. The show only lasted half an hour but they made me cum two more times as I fingered and fucked my spunky cunt with a big dildo. Then to bed.

The weekend followed the usual path with several explicit shows on the webcam and lots of action with my array of sex toys. My new trick was double penetrating myself on screen with increasingly larger and larger toys until my holes were stretched enough for me to fist my cunt and even my bum a couple of times-- which I simply adored. It was even better when Craig did it; but as I said he wasn't here.

In my free time when I wasn't masturbating I was considering dumping Craig. It was a dilemma as the sex was truly amazing but I needed a man in my life not just a boy; someone to talk to; someone to share things with. Then I would get the urge again and find myself texting him and sending naughty pictures of my tits or pussy to his camera phone. Maybe I'd dump him next week.

I presumed that Craig would come straight to my house on his return; so I didn't go online or masturbate all Monday night and made sure my pussy was especially clean shaven when I showered on Tuesday morning before going to work. I spent all morning on heat like a teenager in love. Then his text arrived at lunch time.

'CU at 8. got a surpriz. Only wear sexy shuz bask nix n stockinz whn u ansa dor.'

My mouth went dry as I read it over and over again. This was a fantasy that we'd discussed a couple of times in the last few of weeks; me answering my front door in my sexy undies. The idea really turned us on.

'What's the surprise?' I texted back.

'wots yor bigst fantsy?' came the instant reply. '?...so many!' I typed from under my desk so no one could see me.

'3sum' was the short and sweet response.

'REALLY?????????????' I typed with a shaking hand. 'yep'.

'Who with? Do I know him? I presume it's a him!' 'thats the surpriz!'

Thankfully very few people came into the Estate Agents as the afternoon dragged by because I was a wreck! My mind was elsewhere.....dreaming of fulfilling my longest held fantasy....me and two young hunks! 

I arrived home at 6.30 and had a sandwich then showered. I selected my black and pink Candy of Hollywood bustiere, a pair of matching nylon and mesh shorty knickers and a pair of Cervin Madonna 1979 black seamed nylons with a tarty pair of 4-inch wet look spiked heel shoes that I'd bought on Saturday.

The bustiere is very very sexy as it pulls in my stomach; emphasising my hourglass figure, and pushes my big boobs upwards and outwards -- making them look massive. There's even a particular way I can wear it that shows the top half of my aureole as my boobs bounce when I walk. 

I was dressed and ready by 7.45 so opened a bottle of wine and sat in the living room with my robe covering my underwear. As usual my impatience got the better of me and the anticipation was driving me crazy; so much so I was onto my second large glass at 8 o'clock. I kept staring at the clock and the second hand hardly moved plus my ears were on red-alert for any movement and sound near the front door. 5 past; 10 past, quarter past - nothing.

"The bastard!" I thought as I sipped my white wine and wished that I hadn't given up smoking cigarettes 5 years ago. "The bastard's made me do this and he'll be in the pub. Bastard."

Just as the large hand stroked the 4 on the clock; my doorbell finally rang making me spill some wine as I jumped up loosening my robe and dropping it onto the lounge floor. I was so excited I desperately had to stop myself running down the hall to greet my young lover and 'his friend'. Thankfully the shoes were so tall; running was the last thing I could do in them.

My heart was pounding and I was in danger of forgetting to breathe as I turned the key and peered through the frosted glass and couldn't see anyone. I tentatively pulled the door towards me and shivered as the cold night air caught me unawares. There was no one there in front of my terraced house. Then I heard a familiar giggle and looked out to see Craig standing grinning slightly to the side of the door frame.

"SURPRISE!" He shouted as he stepped forward and sharply pushed the door towards me revealing another young man at the other side. I stood literally frozen the spot in my sexiest underwear for all to see as they both stood grinning at my shocked expression (and no doubt, my lack of clothing).

"Get inside!" I hissed in my haste to close the door.

"He he he he." Craig drunkenly wheezed as I slammed the door shut. "Told you; didn't I?" The arrogant sod giggled and nudged his friend. 'She's as sexy as fuck and will do anything I ask."

He then shook my tits and slapped my arse, "You're fucking gagging for my cock aren't you babe?" I glared at him but did nothing to stop him when he pushed his hand between my legs and pressed a finger against my pussy to test how wet I was. "She's fucking soaking cos I told her not to play with herself while I was away." I was shaking with cold, fear, anger and excitement as my eyes focused on Craig's new friend. He looked a bit like David Beckham with tattoos on his neck; shaved head and dressed in khaki combats and a black and gold Adidas tracksuit top. I quickly noted that he was more athletic looking and taller and broader than my young lover and had huge calloused hands. He also looked rougher and a little scruffier.

"And you would be?" I asked the good looking stranger as I fought back tears of fear and the urge to turn and run upstairs.

"Barney." He replied with a smirk and a Cockney accent; as his eyes flicked all over my body which was covered in my sexiest lingerie.

"Can we have a beer?" Craig nonchalantly asked as he hung up his jacket and held his hand out for Barney's coat.

"I suppose so, they're in the fridge." I told him without moving from my spot next to the door.

"Come on babe," Craig saucily winked and stroked my arse, "can you get them for us? You know how much I like watching you walk about dressed like that."

I was now warming up both physically and sexually; so teetered along the hall in my silly high heals which I knew would make my rather ample arse and boobs wobble from side to side. I could sense them following me; so when I opened the fridge door I theatrically bent forward; stretching my legs to the full length to get the cans from the bottom shelf. As I stood and turned towards them I clutched the cold bottles to my bosoms.

"Is this what you want?" I asked in my best squeaky Betty Boop voice.

The guys didn't say a word just held out their hands and grinned. The ice cold beer had made my nipples so hard they were now poking through the stiff material of the bustiere. Well....I think it was the cold beer.

Craig and Barney took a sip of their beer and just stared at me without saying a word.

"Well," I smiled as I raised my eyebrows, "let's go to the lounge cos I've got a glass of wine getting warm." Then I walked between them making sure Barney got a good feel of my boobs against his chest as I squeezed through. Craig grabbed my arse and dug his fingers in then playfully slapped it as I jumped away. 

"Stop that!" I chided him as I rubbed my stinging cheek.

"That's not what you said last Sunday!" Craig chuckled as he reminded me of a spanking session that we'd had.

"That was then....not now!" I teased as I wobbled on my high heels into the lounge. The boys sat side by side on the sofa and I sat opposite drinking my wine.

The atmosphere crackled as we checked each other out. I found out that they had met at a gig in London six months before and Barney worked in a Brewery but was also a DJ and was up North for a meeting with a Club owner.

"So," I asked Barney. "what has Craig been telling you about me?" 

He gulped down a mouthful of beer then grinned, "He showed me some photos on his phone and said that you do stuff on the internet."

"What sort of stuff?" I teased.

Craig and Barney both suddenly looked very young as they squirmed with embarrassment.

"Come on then stud," I laughed at Craig as I slowly crossed my legs making sure that I flashed my crotch, "what have you been saying about me? Have you been showing off?"

Craig finished his beer and waved the empty bottle at me then grinned, "He wanted to see the pics that you sent me on Saturday....so I showed him the ones with you and your dildos."

Like the good Mum that I am I took their empty bottles away and replaced them with two each; making my boobs nearly topple out of the bustiere as I handed them over. The large bulge in Barney's pants didn't go unnoticed at this time either.

"Barney wants to know if you'll put on a show for us." Craig laughed and elbowed his friend in the ribs.

"Fuck off!" Was Barney's eloquent response.

"Mmmmmm." I teased them, "what kind of show do you mean?" 

Craig was getting a little agitated now as the drink was getting the better of him, "Come on Babes...get your toys out and give us a show!"

I loved it when he was masterful and bossed me about; which was how we'd got into the spanking session the week before!

"I thought that you'd never ask!" I giggled as I stood up and went to the computer desk where I kept a bag of assorted sex toys.

"I'll let you choose as your the guest." I told Barney as I handed him the small travel bag.

"Fucking Hell!" He gasped when he unzipped the bag, "what the fuck are all these?" 

Craig leaned over and took out my big black 7 inch 'bully boy' vibrator. "You want to see this when it's shoved up her arse.....and I mean the whole fucking thing!" 

Barney looked at me with an astonished look on his face. I simply nodded and smiled as I stood in front of them.

"This then." He said as he handed it to me.

"What else?" I asked, "One won't be enough....I've got two holes that need filling."

Barney's mouth hung open as he turned to Craig who was nearly doubled up with laughter.

"I fucking told you how horny she is man." Craig wiped a tear from his eye. "She's just going to get warmed up with these fuckers."

"Oh yes," I purred again as I bent over with my boobs only an inch from Barney's face and took out my 9 inch long and 4 inch thick pink life like dildo, "I'll want the real thing afterwards." Then squeezed his cock through his pants.

I then put a Soul cd into the player and took my place in the centre of the room on my sheepskin rug. As Marvin Gaye started singing I began swaying and dancing to the music; turning it into a lap dance; bending over and trying to shake my tits out of their holder in front of the boys faces. Then I turned around and touched my toes; spanking my arse on both cheeks when I was in position; then I pulled the cheeks apart and slapped them back together again.

"Oh fuck." Barney groaned; so I did it again and again and again. I was a little dizzy when I stood up and wobbled on my shoes for a moment nearly falling over.

As I turned around I pulled my 36EE tits out of the bustiere and gave them a good rub, shake and squeeze then lifted them one at a time to my mouth and suckled on my stiff rubbery pink nipples. I love sucking my own nipples -- it feels so dirty and I know the effect it has on my fans on the web. Barney and Craig were no different -- their eyes were glazing over now.

My head was spinning with excitement now and I was becoming desperate to stick the toys in my fuck holes for the boys entertainment.

"You can get your cocks out now." I told them as I picked up the toys that they had selected.

There was a flurry of action on the sofa as they tore at their belts and pulled their jeans and pants down to their knees.

"Oh my!" I mock gasped in my best Betty Boop voice when I saw Barney's cock. Just as I'd hoped from the size of his hands he had a cock to match. Sadly for Craig it was a good inch longer than his and much thicker; not that I'd been complaining with his...but Barney's looked absolutely delicious.

With my arms above my head I shook and shimmied my hips and loose tits to a Temptations track and asked, "Who wants to take my knickers off?"

Barney turned to Craig for guidance who shook his shoulders, "Be my guest." 

He shuffled to the edge of the sofa and I stood directly in front of him; still with my arms in the air. He gently tucked his big fingers into the waistband and slowly pulled my knickers down; brushing his face against my shaven mound as he pulled them over my shoes. I held his head there for a moment or two then asked Craig, "Does he lick pussy like you do?"

Craig just shrugged his shoulders and continued drinking and wanking.

"Well? Do you" I asked as I pulled his neck back by the collar of his top.

"Sometimes." He grinned and winked then moved forward to kiss my bald mound. He was soon running his hands over my hips and arse as his tongue lashed across my smooth pubic area....then it started flicking against the tip of my crack.

"Let me lie down and then you can do that properly." I squeaked then stepped back and slowly dropped onto the soft sheepskin rug, carefully placing my sex toys within easy reach. 

By the time I'd made myself comfortable and spread my legs for him Barney had totally stripped off. I was impressed! His stomach was as flat as I'd ever seen on a man and even had a bit of muscle definition. His chest, belly and legs were all quite hairy and his shoulders and arms were covered in black Celtic tattoos and his cock.... Well...it looked huge and had two huge hairy eggs dangling beneath it. Maybe I'd led a sheltered life but this long thin dong dwarfed Craig's lovely cock and it was pointing directly at me. But I resisted...for the time being.

Barney knelt between my legs and lifted them up until my knees were on his shoulders. Holding onto my ankles he began slowly kissing my stockings from my knees down to my suspender straps; gradually forcing me back onto my shoulders when he reached the flesh beyond my stockings welt.

The young lad looked me in the eye, winked and dipped his face into my sticky fanny making me grunt like a pig. My arms were stretched out and I was balanced on my head and shoulders now as he licked lapped and fingered my hole. He was good -- very good. His tongue would glide down my slit then shoot up to my clit then he would finger me as he sucked on my labia.....he was very good and I was grunting even louder. 

After a couple of minutes he worked two of his long thick fingers into my cunt while he licked and sucked my clit.

"Woo Wooo Wooooo!" I howled as a finger tip scraped against the membrane separating my pussy from my bum. Realising that I liked this he continued -- harder and faster. "Woo Woooo Woooo!" I kept howling until I began convulsing and suddenly got the urge to cum and wee at the same time......"Wow Wow Wooooow Wowwwwww Shhhiiitttt!" my hips were shaking uncontrollably as I came and couldn't believe my eyes as what looked like wee shot out of my pussy as Barney pulled his fingers out. Thankfully he quickly moved to one side and held my legs even wider by the ankles so the piss gushed past his head in a torrent.

"Fucking Hell Kim!" Craig gasped as he stood alongside us with his cock in his hand, "you've never done that before!"

I couldn't speak as Barney lowered my body to the floor for me to curl into a foetal position for a few seconds as I got my breath back and stop shaking. When I looked up Craig and Barney had refreshed their beers and were still tugging at their cocks. 

"I've done my bit." The stranger winked, "it's your turn now....are you gonna put on that show for me?"

If it meant getting a taste and a feel of that magnificent cock then YES was the answer.

"Of course." I gasped as I fumbled for my toys. Once I'd found them; I shuffled into position with my legs apart and knees bent. First of all I liberally squirted lots of KY Jelly onto my holes and massaged it in. I slowly slid the big pink dildo down my still delicate quim making me shiver; but I continued. My senses are always particularly heightened after I cum and all I could smell was the sweet smell of my fanny and whatever it was that had come out.

Obviously I'd learned to enjoy showing off on the webcam but masturbating in front of two horny tattooed studs who were tugging on their stiff cocks as they drank my beer was electrifying.

"Oooohhh." I panted as I pressed the fat tip against my opening and the it slid in of it's own accord! God; this felt good after that licking that Barney had just given me! The toy slid in and out with the greatest of ease I was so wet. The boys eyes were spellbound as all 9 inches soon disappeared up my cunt and I began fucking myself faster and faster as I groped my bouncing tits and tugged on my nipples until they hurt and I had to bite my lip.

I knew what they wanted me to do next and I wasn't going to disappoint them. Still with the toy lodged deep in my cunt I picked up the black one and raised my hips so my arse was off the floor. With practiced ease I bent forward and slid my hand underneath me from the side and easily found my well used arse hole with the bulbous plastic tip. No matter what and how many times I push things up my arse it always stings at first and aches like billyo....this time was no different. My fanny juices and lots of KY had lubricated my puckered hole enough for me to push the black plastic cock in an inch or two making me grimace. Satisfied it was in place by squeezing with my sphincter muscles; I twisted around until so I was on my back and rolled onto my shoulders with my legs in the air.
