 In Betty Chapter 1, Phil has a sexual encounter with his colleague Betty at their office.

In Chapter 2, Betty visits Phil at home and meets his bisexual wife Sue.

This story is a continuation of Chapter 2.

*****

After watching Betty and Sue explore each other's bodies, I was fully aroused and horny as hell. I took Betty in my arms and gave her a passionate kiss, tasting Sue's sticky juices on her lips. Taking her by the hand, I led her upstairs to the bedroom, with Sue following close behind.

I lay on the bed with my cock sticking up in the air and Betty straddled me and lowered her wet juicy pussy onto my erection. As Betty started to ride my cock, Sue climbed behind her and began fondling her massive tits. Betty turned her head to kiss Sue, who moved around to face her while straddling my head.

While still riding my cock, Betty leaned forward and inserted two of her fingers into Sue's pussy. Having got them nice and juicy, she pulled them out and placed them on my lips. I eagerly took them into my mouth and sucked my wife's juices from Betty's fingers. We repeated this a couple of times, then Sue spread her arse cheeks and lowered herself onto my face. 

I pushed my tongue into Sue's rosebud and started to lick her. Meanwhile, Betty was fingering Sue's pussy whilst riding my cock. The combination of anal and vaginal stimulation caused Sue to come first and I felt her body shudder as the orgasm coursed through her. By this time I was getting close myself and I emptied my load into Betty just as she came to her climax.

Sue climbed off my face, pushed Betty onto the bed and buried her head between her thighs licking out the combination of my semen and Betty's juices from her dripping pussy. I put my flaccid cock into Betty's face. The horny slut opened her mouth and proceeded to lick me clean as my wife did the same to her. 

After a few minutes of this, I was getting hard again and removed my cock from Betty's mouth, pulling Sue round into a 69 position on top of Betty. As she spread her thighs to give the other woman's tongue maximum access to her pussy, her arse cheeks separated to expose her rosebud. As Betty watched from inches away while licking her pussy, I began to finger Sue's arsehole and apply plenty of lube. When Sue was well lubricated, I started to rub my cock up and down between her arse and her pussy. Betty eagerly joined in licking the end of my cock whenever it came within range. Eventually, I placed my stiff cock at the entrance to her back door and pushed my way in. Sue sighed as I thrust past her sphincter and buried my cock deep into her arse. Betty was obviously enjoying the view as she started to lick and suck my balls as I ploughed deep into my wife's arsehole. Meanwhile Sue started to finger Betty's arse whilst continuing to eat her pussy. 

As I looked over Sue's shoulder, I could see Betty's lower body writhing with the combination of the mouth on her pussy and fingers up her arse. Meanwhile my cock and Betty's tongue were having a similar effect on Sue and I felt her hips buck and her sphincter tighten around my cock as she orgasmed, flooding her juices into Betty's face. I was building to a climax myself, and ejaculated into Sue's arse just as Betty came into her face.

We extricated our bodies from the pile and lay together on the bed to recover from our exertions. "Wow!" said Betty, "that was amazing! I've only had anal once before with my ex when he was drunk and it wasn't very good, but watching that was a real turn on and I'd love to be fucked up the arse by someone who really knows what they're doing."

"And which of us would that be?" asked Sue.

Betty gave a dirty grin, "both of you one after the other using me like the slutty whore that I am."

"Is the correct answer!" laughed Sue "but only on one condition."

"What's that?" asked Betty.

"That after we've done it to you, it's your turn to put on my biggest strap on and return the compliment," she said.

"O.K.," said Betty slightly nervously, "just with you or .."

"Oh no you don't leave me out," I said. "Never do to anyone what you wouldn't have them do to you, that's my motto"

"So who's going first?" said Betty, rolling onto her belly and using her hands to spread the cheeks of her arse.

"That had better be Sue, I need a bit of time to recover," I said.

Sue went to get her strap on and I started to prepare Betty by applying copious quantities of lube to her arsehole.

"God this is so good," she said as I worked the lube deep inside her. "I thought the other day at work was great but this is like being on a different planet."

"Planet Orgasm?" I laughed.

"Yes - Astronaut Three Hole Bisexual Slut Bitch reporting for duty!" she replied.

"Ready for blast off?" said Sue, walking into the room with an eight inch cock strapped to her waist.

"Yes please" replied Betty, kneeling up to offer her arse as Sue spread the lube along the full length of her cock.

Sue positioned herself with the cock against Betty's rosebub and started to push forward. Betty sighed as the cock penetrated her and Sue held it in position a couple of inches inside her.

"Are you OK with this?" asked Sue.

"More than OK - I'm in heaven," said Betty.

Sue pulled Betty towards her as she buried herself deeper into her arse. As she penetrated her more fully, she started to massage the other woman's clit.

"Oh yes this is so good! Fuck me like the dirtiest fucking fuck slut in the world!" exclaimed Betty.

"You've got such a lovely fuckable arse," said Sue as she pulled most of the way out before sliding back in and burying the full eight inches inside her. "I'm going to fuck you so hard but don't forget you have to do the same to me when it's my turn to be your slutty fuck toy."

"Oh God yes - I never knew it could be this good!" yelled Betty as Sue quickened her pace and pounded Betty's arse all the while fingering her pussy.

Betty screamed in ecstasy as yet another orgasm coursed through her body. Sue carried on thrusting into her and I presented my stiff cock to Betty's panting mouth. She eagerly took me inside her licking and sucking me as Sue achieved her own climax.

"Time to change ends," said Sue, pulling out of Betty's gaping arse. I extricated my stiff saliva covered cock from Betty's mouth, moved behind her and thrust myself deep into her back passage. As Sue moved in front of her face, Betty grabbed the glistening cock and took it into her mouth licking and sucking it clean of her own juices before removing it and burying her face in Sue's wet pussy.

I felt Betty pushing back on my cock as I fucked her while eagerly devouring Sue's pussy with wanton lust. Sue moaned in ecstasy as Betty lapped up her juices and I could feel my own climax approaching. Betty's whole body shuddered with orgasm and I came deep inside her arsehole.

The three of us collapsed in a heap, exhausted and must have lain there for an hour or more, dozing occasionally before the insatiable Betty reminded us of her previous promise. I lay face down on the bed as Sue helped Betty to put on the monster twelve inch cock and both women used their fingers to apply lube to my arsehole.

"Give him a good seeing to," said Sue as she smeared lube on the monster cock. "He's a dirty bastard who loves taking it up the arse. Use him as your fuck toy while I watch from my favourite position," she grinned.

I knelt above Sue in the 69 position while Betty lined up behind me. I felt the pressure of the cock against my arsehole as Sue flicked her tongue over the end of my cock. A wave of pain went through me as Betty pushed herself inside followed by the pleasure of feeling the massive cock filling my arse.

As Betty began to fuck me, Sue was licking and sucking my cock whilst enjoying the close up view of Betty going in and out of my arse. I bent down and began to eat Sue's pussy as Betty picked up the pace and fucked me hard. The combination of Betty's massive cock inside me, Sue's expert mouth and the sweet taste of her pussy sent me into ecstasy causing me to deposit another load of cum into Sue's mouth. After swallowing every last drop, Sue shouted encouragement to her partner in lust. "Go on Betty, fuck the cock happy slut till he begs for mercy! Drill that arse of his good and proper!"

Betty wasn't really in need of any help but joined in by ramming me as hard as she could shouting "Take that whore boy! I'm going to fuck the shit out of you!"

She pounded away at me for several more minutes until finally she rammed herself fully inside me, gripping me tight as I felt the familiar shuddering of her body reaching orgasm. Betty held me for a moment as she savoured her orgasm, then pushed me aside and looked lasciviously at Sue. "On your knees slut, it's your turn," she ordered.

Sue was quickly in position and I hurriedly lubed her arsehole before Betty, revelling in her new found dominance, entered her. "If you want more than this you have to ask nicely," she said holding herself a few inches inside Sue.

"Oh please fuck me - use me as your dirty bitch - do anything you want," cried Sue.

"Ok, you asked for it!" said Betty, ramming the full twelve inches inside her.

Betty then pulled all the way out of Sue's arse before driving back in. For a while, Betty continued to pull all the way out and thrust all the way in again, before settling to a rhythm of good hard fucking.

"Suck his cock, slut," she commanded.

I presented my cock to Sue's face and she obediently took it into her mouth.

"Fuck the whore's face," she said to me and I obliged by grabbing Sue's head and thrusting my cock into her throat as Betty reamed her arse. As the two of us brutally ravished her, I could feel Sue's excitement building until her body went into orgasm. I then came in her mouth as Betty gave one last thrust into Sue's arse as she achieved her own climax.

The End