 Elise

Jack slowly opened his eyes. A predawn glow filtered in through the white curtains casting the room in shadows. White curtains? Definitely not his room. Two warm female bodies were pressed against him, one on either side. A few months back this would have scared the shit out of him but since meeting Alex, the unexpected always happened. Even still, two girls was something he expected from Alex. 

The previous evening rushed back to him. Brian. That asshole was the reason he had gone out with Alex in the first place. Jack hated Brian from the first moment he met him. The man oozed ego and asshole. More asshole than ego but he was the boss. Jack dealt with it, at least until yesterday. He winced when he remembered his harsh words. He called Brian a dick-less lazy ass then stormed out. He sighed. He would probably get fired when he walked into work today. Speaking of which; Jack's hand came up and he glanced at his watch.

"Shit!" Two soft murmurs followed his expletive and he gently extricated himself from the sleeping bodies. He pulled on his pants and glanced around for his shirt. His eyes lit on the bed and a male blond head peeking from the beneath the covers. Alex. He walked over and gave Alex's shoulder a light nudge.

"Get your ass up, Alex or we're going to be late for work." Alex opened bleary eyes and blinked a couple times.

"What the hell time is it?"

"Seven thirty." Alex's eyes rolled back and he groaned. He laid there for a moment then slowly got up. Jack pulled on his shirt and sat down to tie his shoes. He shook himself slightly to fully wake up. He started for the door, Alex right behind him, though slightly more groggy. As Jack negotiated traffic, Alex closed his eyes and drifted off. Jack turned to look at his sleeping friend and his lips twisted into a self deprecating smile. He bet if he were to ask Alex where the hell they were, he wouldn't know. That was Alex, living for the thrill, living for the sex. Jack sighed. He thought that he would never, could never be that way but hanging around with Alex showed him a side of himself that he never thought to see. Jack easily slid onto the freeway, following 45 down to 22. Cars sped passed them but Jack's mind was elsewhere as he drove.

It had been two months since his first ménage a tois with Alex. Two long months ago. Jack had thought that he was settled, that life was routine. He had thought wrong. Though he had known Alex a few months prior to the threesome with that sweet college girl, Jack had never even considered fucking one of Alex's "hotties". Jack normally did the driving and he stayed to himself while Alex did his thing. Jack pondered on what could have changed all that. Why that specific girl? In his mind, she was special, not Alex's normal goddesses, but a real woman. She may have been young but the maturity in her attitude and speech surpassed her measly 24 years. The sad thing was that through three long fuck sessions, no one was ever introduced. She had just been Miss Little Black Dress to him until she whispered, "Helene". Of course that wasn't until the early morning. The events hadn't seemed bizarre to him then but now as he looked back on it, he wondered what the hell he had been thinking. They had just met her at Long Beach State, taken her home and screwed the shit out of her. Then she made them breakfast and introduced herself with that soft whisper and the talking began.

They found out that she was working on to her masters. She wanted to be an artist though her family disapproved. She was from the east coast; her family normally hobnobbed with the upper class rich, the Vanderbilt's and the like. Jack gave a small laugh and wondered if they knew what their precious daughter was doing while she was away at school. Probably not. Jack hadn't wanted to find out about her background, he didn't care much for the rich. Or upper class, as she referred to them as. To him, there wasn't much of a difference; she was still going to school on her father's dime. 

Jack glanced at Alex again. Well, he couldn't say that he didn't hang around with the rich. Alex was probably as rich as she was. He never acted rich and Jack knew he took his money for granted. While Jack lived in a rinky dinky one bedroom apartment, Alex lived on the top floor of a high rise, corner penthouse. He had a bellboy that addressed him personally and a hell of a view of Long Beach. Before that, Alex had a six bedroom house in Lowetown. Alex decided to move to Long Beach for Helene but not because of any sentimental reason. He had moved for the sex. That had been alright with Helene because three weeks later she boarded a plane headed for home and never came back. 

During their usual meeting at Harry's Jack had inquired about her. Alex had just shrugged and said nonchalantly, "She's gone." Jack had raged at him then, angry on his behalf but his friend's lack of emotion took all the steam out of his argument. They sat there in silence and nursed beers until Alex got up and left. Jack followed Alex's departing back then stared at the empty doorway of Harry's. Alex's lack of emotion had never bothered Jack, rather it worried him. There were some issues that Alex hadn't coped with yet, some topics he avoided. Their friendship was still too new, Jack realized, for Alex to trust him beyond a telephone number and an address. 

Now, Jack could add a couple of ménage a tois' to the list of things they shared. Jack winced when he realized what little he knew of Alex and vice versa. That inner part of Alex never surface, rather he held all his emotions and feelings in tight reign. The strongest emotion that Alex exhibited was chasing his next lay and fucking her. His eagerness to get into any woman's pants never ceased to amaze Jack. As Jack thought more about it, he saw that he was beginning to unravel the mystery. For Alex, that was the only way he could live his life. The only way that he could actually feel alive, feel real. Somewhere along the way, Alex had gotten emotionally fucked over and this was the result. Jack would let sleeping dogs lie for now. It wasn't his place to condemn or question Alex's actions. For now, he would be the friend that Alex needed. Getting to fuck hot women was just a perk. 

As he pulled up to the curb of Alex's building, Jack felt his emotions churn. Was he becoming as calloused as Alex? Would they continue to use and leave these women? Jack didn't like to think that was what his life was amounting to, a string of easy lays. He was 36 now; he should be shopping for a wife, not banging someone else's. He turned off his car and sat there, Alex softly snoring in the passenger seat. He didn't want this lifestyle right now but a part of him, the part that missed out on all this when he was winning first prize at the science fair, wanted to hold on to it with both hands. He shouldn't like hitting up bars and colleges for women. He should feel disgusted with himself but the devil on his shoulder gave him the finger and Jack smiled ruefully. What the hell, you only live once.

"Why didn't you wake me, man?" Alex asked sleepily. Jack looked at the dash and winced. He had less than an hour to get home and change. Thank god Alex moved closer to him instead of further away. He also silently thanked Helene, even if she had been a bitch at the end. 

"I was thinking." Alex gave him a fierce frown.

"Yeah, well you better cut that shit out," he grumbled. "That's how migraines happen." Jack laughed in spite of himself. How could Alex hate to think and be one of the most successful brokers at Leland, Scott and Shimmel? Alex was probably missing the whole irony of it so Jack kept his mouth shut.

"I'd better get going," Alex said. Jack nodded and watched as he entered the high rise. Some things about Alex hadn't changed over the last eight months. Alex was a man of few words.

"What do you think?" Jack turned his head. 

"About what?" Alex pulled him aside and murmured, "three o'clock." Jack quickly glanced in the direction mentioned and rolled his eyes. Another girl. This one just as exotic as the rest. Why couldn't Alex just pick plain Janes? Why did he have to go for women that would never look at Jack twice if he were by himself?

"You're on your own," Jack said as he took a bite of his sandwich. Alex patted him twice on the shoulder and made a beeline for Miss Hottie. Jack watched as they strolled inside together. No doubt to find some linen closet or vacant room to have a quickie. Jack took in the posh country club and was sure they wouldn't have a problem finding a private room. Hell, Alex probably rented one of the bed and breakfast rooms that took up the west side of the building for this sole purpose. He was probably used to these tedious company picnics since he had been with Leland, Scott and Shimmel for almost six years now. 

Jack glanced towards the rolling hills of the Warbrooke Club's golf course. He didn't know jack shit about golfing and wasn't all that interested in learning. It didn't seem all that fun. Of course coming from a man that used to bowl five days out of the week, that was pretty bad. The hills were immaculate, the sand lots strategically placed, the green was well, green. It was gorgeous but Jack preferred trees to a well mowed lawn. Who the hell picnicked at a country club anyway?

When Alex had asked him to join, he thought, why the hell not. There wasn't anything he had to do on a Saturday so he might as well get some free food while he was at it. What he hadn't realized was that Alex had paid a plate price of 75 dollars for Jack. He only found out when he overheard a couple of the less fortunate corporate employees complain about the high cost of a few hors d'oeuvres and sandwiches. He was right along with them. Why the hell should he, or rather Alex, have to pay for this finger food? So what if the damn cook is French? Well, as long as the food was paid for, Jack would eat it. So far he'd eaten well over his share of food but he wasn't going to stop there. Even if he wanted to, his stomach wouldn't let him. His "meal" consisted of teeny tiny appetizers that did nothing but piss him off. He wanted to split and get a real man's meal of steak and potatoes but since he rode here with Alex, that was out of the question. 

Sighing, Jack started for the garden nestled to the left of the back deck. He might as well smell the roses while he was here, no pun intended. He wove his way in and out of waist high hedges and artfully arranged flowers until he found a small gazebo. The lattice work surrounding the quaint building served to give privacy to whomever wanted it. Like Alex, thought Jack with a tilt of his lips. He bent down and stepped inside the cool confines of the structure. It was when he tried to stand up that he realized this gazebo was meant for really, really short people, or children. He found a seat on the hard bench that encircled the entire gazebo and tipped his head back. The smell of at least fifty different flowers wafted beneath his nose and he inhaled the scent. He like clean air. He like the fresh scent of sunshine and spring. Unconsciously, his lips curved into a smile of delight and he relaxed.

"You look happy." The softly spoken words jerked Jack from his tranquil state. He opened his eyes and blinked, attempting to adjust to the dimness of the gazebo. Vaguely he made out the outline of a feminine form. A very feminine form, Jack amended when she shifted and her tits bounced.

"I didn't mean to startle you. You just seemed so happy that I wanted to share your secret." Jack couldn't make out her facial features but he didn't care. She had a voice that could make a man come in his pants. Her voice sounded like she was getting her pussy eaten and trying hard not to sound like it. He couldn't find any words to answer her question. Hell, what was her question?

"Uh..." he stuttered. "I'm..." He cleared his throat, what the hell was the matter with him? She could be someone's wife. Somehow that thought didn't calm him like it should. If anything, he found himself shifting to ease the rising pressure of his dick.

The husky laugh that followed his bewildered state had his cock at full mast and still going. He didn't think he had ever been this hard in his life. And from a voice! He hadn't even seen the package and he already wanted to fuck her. Jack casually adjusted himself and hoped she wouldn't notice in the dim light. Unlike Alex, Jack wouldn't jump on this poor woman before he got to know her. Seeing her would be nice, too.

"Guess you're still surprised. Or mute."

"Um, no, not mute. Just surprised," Jack replied. And curious, hella curious.

"So what's your secret?" Jack froze. Did she know his indecent thoughts about her?

"What secret?"

"I asked you if I could share in your secret for happiness because you seem to have one." His secret for happiness? He'd be very happy if she came over here and sat on his lap, or if she would let him put his face between her legs so he could taste her honey and hear that sexy voice scream out in pleasure. Of course he couldn't say that. Alex could get away with saying something that ridiculous to a girl he just met. Jack, on the other hand, might get slapped with sexual harassment for his effort, or just plain slapped. Either one would embarrass the hell out of him. He opted for, "There is no secret to happiness. What I might find delightful, you might find tedious. What you would consider as happiness, might be what I find disgusting." It was the truth. If he found fucking her from behind to be enjoyable, she might find it boring. If she found happiness in giving head, he might...hell, no he wouldn't. That would sure as hell not be disgusting to him. So it didn't always work in her favor but it sure as hell worked in his. She was silent for a moment than her velvety voice floated across the small confines.

"That's a very insightful answer."

"When you're as old as I am, you learn a few things."

"How old are you?" Jack grinned. He had said that for the sole purpose of finding out her age. It would have been rude to ask. He had too much subtly to suddenly be rude, no matter how much he wanted her.

"I'm thirty six," he said.

"Thirty six!" Jack smiled at the small exclamation. So she hadn't expected to find him that old.

"Hmmm," he murmured. "I'm a veritable old man."

"No," came the gentle reply. "I thought you were older. You're actually pretty young in my book." Young? How the hell was 36 young in her book? Jack winced. She had to be older than he was. Jack saw his fantasies crumble before his eyes. Ah, well. He wasn't hoping to start anything anyways. No matter how much Alex's influence held sway, he couldn't just let himself go like that. Well, not unless he was stupid drunk like last night. 

Too drunk to remember that today was Saturday and that no one worked on Saturday. He hadn't realized until he actually went to work. When he noticed the empty parking lot and locked doors he realized that he was an idiot. He was only glad no one was around to see his embarrassed blush. Yes, a grown man of 36 could still blush.

Knowing that she was a harmless old woman, Jack relaxed. "Thanks. My mom thought I was pretty young, too." She laughed, immediately catching his joke. He smiled, she had a quick mind. It wasn't everyday he found someone that enjoyed his dry wit. Sometimes it was way above their heads. Explaining a joke really took the fun out of it. They talked for a good ten minutes before she got up. 

"I had a really great time talking to you." 

"Yeah, it sure beat the hell out of that boring...I mean social picnic," Jack said. She laughed again. He actually had a Freudian slip that time but laughed with her. 

"Thank you so much, uhm...?" He heard the question in her voice and frowned. They had never been fully introduced yet. 

"Jack. Jack Santini." 

"Santini? You're Italian?"

"I better be or my mother's going to have to explain why Giovanni is one of my middle names," Jack said dryly. She gave a small laugh.

"Infatti? Io ho ventuno anni." Jack's jaw dropped. She spoke the language like she had been born to it.

"You're Italian too?" Her chuckle came out more like a purr.

"No. I was tutored." Jack jumped when he realized that she was standing right in front of him. Than the meaning of her words sank in. Twenty one. This quick minded, Italian speaking, sexy voice toting woman, no girl, was only twenty one. Fifteen years his junior and she had caught every one of his jokes and made a few dry ones herself. Because of her age, he knew he should leave her the hell alone and stick to real woman but something within him began yearning. Suddenly, he found himself wanting to know more about her. Wanting to verbally spar with her, Jack bombarded her with questions in his native language. She answered each one flawlessly, her accent impeccable. She sounded a hell of a lot better than some Italians he knew. Hell, with that husky voice, she could probably make German sound sexy.

"Wow. You speak Italian very well. At least conversational Italian," Jack murmured.

"Hmmm, my tutor said I have a natural affinity for languages and picking up words." Jack grinned. He had a few choice words for her. Cock being one of them. His cock, in her mouth. He almost groaned at the thought. He didn't know what was a more antagonizing thought; her giving head and him being deprived of that sweet voice, or her not giving head and he was deprived of well, good head. But he would get to listen to her talk. Or moan and whimper and...

"Are you okay?" Jack cleared his throat. His voice was hoarse when he spoke again.

"What?"

"You made a sound. Sort of like you were in pain," she said in a worried tone. Jack shook himself. Get a grip, man!

"I'm fine. So, you know my name, my age and all I know is your age. Care to indulge the rest?"

"Elise." Jack rolled the name around on his tongue silently. He liked it, it suited her.

"Elise like in Fur Elise?" He saw her head move slowly up and down.

"Yes. My father loved that piece. I prefer Moonlight Sonata myself."

"Who's your father?" She delicately cleared her throat.

"My father is Roger-" She was cut off as a figure appeared in the doorway.

"Jack?" Jack almost groaned. Alex's sense of timing sucked. He heaved a sigh.

"Yeah, I'm here," Jack said regrettably.

"I was thinking about heading out. Are you-" He cut off as he noticed Jack wasn't alone.

"Uh, sorry, did I interrupt....?" Alex didn't finish his sentence but the question was quite clear. Jack wanted to rile, hell yes you interrupted, but bit his tongue. 

"No, Mr. Montgomery, you did not," Elise said crisply. She stood up and started for the doorway. As she passed him, she whispered, "Minchia." Jack laughed aloud and got up to follow her out. 

In the sunlight, he studied her. She was rather plain looking and he smiled at that. Her face held more youthfulness than her age. Instead of 21 she looked like jail bait. Her face was elfin, her eyes large, the warm brown color turned amber as she tilted her face to look at him. His gaze dropped to her lips which were a rosy pink. Her lips weren't full or poutey but they weren't thin either. To him, those lips were a perfect medium. Her chestnut brown hair was twirled into a neat bun at the base of her neck. Though her dress left a lot to be desired in color and style, she filled it out to perfection. At least the top of her did. It was kind of hard to tear his eyes from her chest. She was amply blessed for someone so young. More than a C cup if his guess was any good. Again, her tits weren't too big or too small but just right. Jack couldn't stop grinning as he realized she was absolutely perfect. 

Jack watched her eyes as she gave him the same thorough once over that he had given her. When her lips tilted up at the corners, he knew she found him just as attractive.
