 Carla Benjamin watched her second graders run out of the classroom. It had been a long hot day and she was exhausted. It shouldn't be allowed to work in these conditions. She heard her colleagues making as quick an exit as they could; nobody wanted to stay in this oven a minute longer than they had to. Carla wished that she hadn't scheduled a conference with Mr and Mrs Barton this afternoon, but she hadn't foreseen this heat wave when Mrs Barton scheduled it. Carla sighed. She didn't understand why Mrs Barton couldn't come and talk to her on her own. Why did she have to have her husband with her? It wasn't like little Jimmy was in any trouble.

She looked at the time and realised that she had an hour and a half to kill before the Bartons got there. Well, if she was going to be stuck here she had to get more comfortable. She unbuttoned her blouse and hung it on a coat hook. The pink camisole she wore underneath was silky with lace push-up cups for her c-cup tits. Carla was very proud of her tits, they were completely wasted in her career of course, but she loved to party and when she went out with her friends she always wore outfits with a lot of cleavage. She ran her hands over her tits and past her slim waste and onto her soft, round butt. At 5'7" she wasn't skinny, but she wasn't fat either. She exercised enough to keep her feminine shapes and she took good care of herself, always making sure that her armpits and legs were smooth and that the little blonde bush over her pussy was neatly trimmed.

She settled behind her desk and started marking the work that her pupils had done. She only stopped to gather her shoulder length golden curls into a ponytail and then she continued. When she finished she still had a good twenty minutes to spare before Mr and Mrs Barton were due. She decided to go to the staff room to dab some cool water on herself in an attempt to look more professional once they got there. As she exited the staff room she ran into a man she'd never seen before. He was wearing a shirt and tie, but he'd taken off the suit jacket that went with his outfit.

"Excuse me," he said as he cast an appreciative glance in the direction of Carla's tits. "Do you know where I can find Miss Benjamin, I have an appointment with her."

Carla blushed. "I'm Carla Benjamin," she said, very aware of her inappropriate state of dress.

"Nice to finally meet you," said the man and shook her hand. "Jimmy talks about you all the time. I'm Ted Barton."

"I thought Mrs Barton was coming with you," Carla stammered as she made her way towards the classroom. "She was supposed to, but she's been working in the garden all day and she wasn't feeling too well."

"I'm sorry to hear that." Carla reached for her blouse as soon as they got into the classroom but Mr Barton stopped her.

"Please, don't on my account. In fact, I think I'll try to cool down a bit as well." He took off his tie and rolled up his shirtsleeves.

Carla reached for her notes about Jimmy and sat down behind her desk. She discussed the little boy with his father for five minutes.

"I don't see a ring on your finger," Mr Barton observed. "How come a pretty girl such as yourself hasn't been snapped up by some man?"

"I'm only 24," Carla protested. "I want to experience life and have fun before I settle down."

"And do you?"

"Do I what?"

"Do you have fun?"

"Yes, I do."

"What sort of fun do you have, Miss Benjamin?"

"I go out with my friends, to clubs and bars."

"And do you meet men?"

"Yes, I do."

"Do you ever let them kiss you?"

"Yes."

"Do you ever let them touch those luscious breasts that are driving me insane?"

Carla stopped and stared at him. "Mr Barton," she gasped. "This is hardly an appropriate conversation."

He moved his chair right up next to her. His thigh pressed against hers as he placed his arm around her naked shoulders. With his eyes planted firmly in the depth of her cleavage he spoke. "I can see the soft peachy colour of your nipples through the lace. All I want to do is to put them in my mouth and feel them grow hard as I suck on them."

"You're a married man, Mr Barton," Carla protested as she felt herself go wet between her legs. He may be married, but he was fairly attractive and he had a strong and hard body that she wouldn't mind getting to know better.

"Being married doesn't make me a eunuch," he replied. "I need a wife to have children and to be a hostess, but that doesn't mean that I don't occasionally get the taste for another pussy and right now I want you. Feel it."

He took her hand and placed it on his crotch. She could feel the sizeable bulge under her hand. Acting by instinct, she started rubbing it.

"Oh yeah, baby," he moaned softly in her ear as he nibbled her earlobe. "You want me too."

His hand strayed down to the zip of her skirt and he undid it. He pulled her up so that she was standing, her skirt gathered in a pile around her feet.

"Oh yessssssssss," he sighed as he saw her pink French briefs and lace-topped stockings. He pulled her camisole over her head and then placed his face between her tits, drinking in the smell of the perfume that she sprayed in that area every morning. Soon his lips closed in on one nipple and he started sucking and biting it, teasing it with his tongue. He soon moved across to her next breast and repeated the action there. Carla could feel her cunt juices acting like a waterfall as she held on to Mr Barton's shoulders just in case her legs gave way.

Carla moaned as Mr Barton's experienced tongue teased her nipples. His hands were cupping her full tits as he sucked on them. Each time he moved his mouth between her breasts his fingers started tweaking and pulling the nipple he'd just sucked. He pulled them and bit them harder and harder and Carla could feel the flood of juices that was flowing out of her pussy.

"Oh, Mr Barton," she moaned. "Fuck me! Fuck me real good."

He let go of her tits and smiled at her. "Get naked!"

He watched and kept stroking the sizeable erection in his pants as Carla dropped her briefs to the floor, revealing the furry triangle that was pointing him straight in the direction of her pleasure centre. She sat on her desk, spread her legs and started rolling down her stockings. He moaned at the sight of her moist, pink folds that were opening up for him like rose petals on a wet morning. When she was done she placed her hands behind her ass and leaned back, inviting him in. He opened the zipper of his pants and pulled his cock out. Carla smiled and licked her lips seductively when she saw the full scale of his fuck tool. It must be at least 9 inches long and very generous in girth. He pulled out a condom from his pocket and handed it to her.

With a smile Carla ripped the packaging open and pulled out the thin rubber sheath. With expert hands she rolled it on to his rod and then leaned back again. He moved in on her, his cock pressing against her wet opening.

"Are you ready to have your brains fucked out?" he smiled wickedly.

"What are you waiting for?" she asked in reply.

He didn't say any words, but his actions spoke as he grabbed a tight hold of her thighs and manoeuvred her legs onto his shoulders. With one hard thrust he was filling her hungry cunt and she gasped with surprise as his thick shaft took possession of her. 

She had to support herself by leaning on her hands and he held on tight to her thighs, keeping her cunt right where he wanted her. He slammed her furiously. They both looked down and revelled in the sight of his dark rod ravaging her feminine hole. He grinned at her as he watched her tits bouncing hard from his uncompromising fucking.

Carla couldn't believe that her pupil's dad was fucking her on her desk in her classroom. The thought that the school caretaker, or anyone who'd stayed late today, could walk in on them any moment added to her excitement. Here she was, totally naked, being fucked by a man who didn't even bother to get undressed, and he was not doing anything to ensure her orgasm but she was loving every moment of it. What more, she could feel herself cumming. She knew that it was only a question of time before the constant pounding on her clit and the wonderful filling feeling of a big cock in her cunt were going to send her over the edge.

"I'm gonna cum!" she panted.

"Oh yeah," he groaned. "Cum like the little slut you are."

Being called a slut tipped the scale. She knew she was acting like one and she loved it. Her moans got louder as she passed the point of no return. Her cunt contracted hard around his still thrusting cock and she cried out as her whole body convulsed in a delicious orgasm. Her spasms had hardly subsided when he pulled out.

"Stand up and turn your back on me," he barked as he shrugged her legs off his shoulders and pulled her onto her feet. The minute she turned around he pressed her forward until her upper body was lying flat on her desk. With his foot he kicked her feet apart, opening her legs wide enough to his liking and then he slammed back into her cunt.

"Oh yessssss," he sighed. "That's more like it."

He pulled his balls out of his pants and they started slamming into Carla's clit. She was still recovering from her orgasm, but this new position, the raw animal fuck that she was now receiving, had her horny again within seconds. Then she felt his hands grabbing her tits. It hurt as he pulled her up against him by her nipples. His hard, uncompromising hands started kneading her sensitised mounds and each time he slammed his cock harder and deeper inside her he shoved her tits into his hard hands. The pleasure-pain combination was almost unbearable. She knew that he would make her cum again, and it wouldn't take long.

"You like being fucked like this," he moaned with a satisfied smile. "You love how I'm using you like a little slut, like my own personal whore."

"Yes," was all she could gasp.

"You know I don't give a fuck whether you cum. You know you're just another tight cunt for me to fuck."

It was humiliating to hear him speak those words. His actions had already showed it, but it was nevertheless humiliating to hear him confirm it. But she was so far gone, she didn't care if he was using her. She didn't care that he'd been so horny today that any cunt would've done. All she cared was that she managed at least one more orgasm before he came.

He was now pounding her so hard and so fast she knew that he was close to cumming. She knew that she had to cum. And then, there it was. Once again her cunt squeezed hard and she cried out in pleasure as yet another orgasmic wave took hold of her body. This time it seemed that the added pressure on his cock was all that Mr Barton could take. He slammed inside her one last time. He went hard, grabbed her hips and buried his shaft deep inside her. He let out a groan of satisfaction and triumph as he shuddered while his milk pumped into the rubber membrane between the two. He pulled out and caught the condom with his fingers as his cock started shrinking.

"Turn around," he commanded while tucking his tool back into his trousers and getting himself decent again.

Carla turned around. Her tits were swollen from his manhandling and her pussy lips were bright pink from the pounding he'd given her. He pushed her back so that she sat on the table once more. Again he parted her legs so that he could see the full result of his fucking. He stroked her pussy, and then poured the contents of the condom on it.

"I love to see my milk flowing out of the cunt I've just possessed. When I have to wear rubber, this is the second best thing. Next time you invite us to a parent teacher conference I'll make sure I come alone. You make sure you wear something sexy and that we can have some privacy. I want to fuck your cunt again!"

With those words he walked out, not bothering to close the door behind him, leaving Carla smelling of sex and having to clean up her classroom.

A week later it all seemed like a dream. Part of Carla wasn't sure it had actually happened. But deep down inside she knew it had. Her cunt could remember the delicious feeling of that fat cock filling her and fucking her so hard. Her own confusion over the event had meant that she hadn't had a fuck for a week. She lay awake all night, pumping herself with her vibrator, trying to recreate the wonderful feeling of Mr Barton's cock. During the lunch hour Rhoda Leighton, the principal's secretary, came up to her.

"Miss Benjamin," she said, still trying to catch her breath. "I've had a call from Aimee Schuchter's mother. They've requested a conference with you with regards to Aimee's reading problems. They've asked you to be here at 5 so that they can stop by on their way home from work."

Carla sighed. The parents of her pupils didn't think she had a life. They thought that they could call at a moment's notice and she'd be happy to accommodate. Well, she was a new teacher and she wanted the parents to like her. She picked up the phone and rescheduled her kickboxing class.

Several hours later Carla was on her hands and knees in her classroom, preparing for the next day's art project. She'd changed into her gym clothes, skin-tight shorts and a bra top. The t-shirt she wore on top of them was lying on her desk, waiting for her to put it on just before 5. She knew that she was being childish, but she wanted to make a point to the Schuchters that she did indeed have a life outside the school. A knock on the door and the sound of the door opening startled her. She looked at the man in the door opening.

"Miss Benjamin?" he asked with a smile and walked up to her.

"Yes, I'm Carla Benjamin." She got off her hands and knees and shook the man's hand.

"I'm Al Schuchter, I believe you were expecting me."

"I thought that you and your wife were both coming."

"No, she had to go and pick up the kids from the childminder. I'm here alone."

"OK, if you just give me a minute to pick this stuff up... I'll show you some exercises that you can do with Aimee at home to help her with her reading."

"Take as long as you like," Mr Schuchter smiled as he leaned against her desk, against the t-shirt that she was desperate to put on, but she didn't want to ask him to move.

She could feel his gaze on her as she stored the art supplied in its cupboard and she had a look at him from the corner of her eye. He was not much taller than her, but he had a muscular build. There was some grey in his hair and beard, but they were both neatly trimmed. He was wearing a dark suit with a white shirt and a dark, conservative tie. He was the type of man Carla's mother wanted to see Carla settling down with before too long. She picked up a few books and walked over to Mr Schuchter.

"Let's see, Mr Schuchter," Carla began. "I suggest you start reading with Aimee from these books for about half an hour every night."

"Ted was right," Mr Schuchter smiled at her.

"Excuse me?"

"You have gorgeous tits," he stroked her erect nipple through the fabric of her top. "Any chance that you'd show them to me too?"

Carla blushed. "I don't know what you're talking about."

"I'm talking about how you and Ted Barton fucked right here on this desk. It can't have been very good if you've already forgotten it."

The memory of the fuck sent horny tingles to Carla's cunt and she could feel herself getting wet. Mr Schuchter took advantage of her temporary silence to shove his hand inside her top and cup her tit. With his other hand squeezing her ass he pulled her towards him.

"I've been wanting to fuck you since the first time I saw you. When Ted told me what a delicious cunt you have I knew that I had to have a conference with you too. So what's it to be, hon?" His lips took over Carla's lips and he pushed his tongue deep inside her, devouring her mouth.

Carla didn't know what came over her. It must be the fact that she hadn't fucked for a week now. She had to have a cock and judging by the size of the hard shaft that was poking her stomach right now, Mr Schuchter was the man to give it to her. She tore herself from him.

"Fuck me, Mr Schuchter," she panted as she tore her sports top over her head, liberating her full tits. She pulled her shorts off and then her g-strings. She stood before him, naked apart from her Nikes. "Fuck me real good."

"Oh yeah," Mr Schuchter smiled as he threw his jacket to the side and stepped out of his pants and boxers. "What a hungry little whore you are. Suck my cock, bitch!"

Carla dropped to her knees and ran her tongue along the thick 7 inches of Mr Schuchter's hard cock. She licked his balls and got a happy sigh from him. He grabbed hold of her ponytail and moved her head so that his cock was at her lips. Slowly he pushed himself into her mouth and, as she sucked, slowly penetrated her mouth all the way down to her throat so that she couldn't breathe anymore. Her throat contractions made him moan out loud.

"Oh yesssssssss, suck me hard. Eat my cock like a little whore."

His words turned Carla on even more. Her pussy juices were running down the insides of her thighs and she moaned with pleasure around the juicy cock in her mouth. Mr Schuchter must have been able to smell her, because he pulled her face off his cock.

"How about I get to drink a little too, huh?" he smiled. He lay down on the floor. "Straddle my face, baby, and continue sucking my cock."

She did as he said. With a knee on either side of his head she leaned forward again, her tits landing on his shirt as she sucked his cock back into her mouth and cupped his balls with her hands. Soon she felt the roughness of his beard against her dripping pussy and she moaned with pleasure. She'd never been eaten by a bearded man before, but so far it was proving to be very enjoyable. She could feel his tongue flicking across her engorged clit, teasing her mercilessly. She sucked him even harder in response. 

She felt his fingers dipping inside her wet hole, moving around as he sucked on her clit. Then he moved his wet fingers to her ass and slowly slid one inside as he started ravishing her tight hole with his tongue. He was tongue fucking her hard and finger fucking her ass. She moaned and moaned around his juicy fuck meat in her mouth. She couldn't take it much longer. Then her body twitched and her cunt squeezed tight around his tongue, showering his beard with her juices. She came in several jolts and he kept finger fucking her ass through it all, making her orgasm even more powerful.

When Carla's orgasm subsided he pulled her off himself and sat up. He kissed her deeply, letting her taste her own juices. He then sucked on her tits, bit her nipples and kissed her again.

"You have such a delicious cunt. Now let my cock get a taste of that juicy fuck hole of yours. Get on your hands and knees, slut."

His language turned her on. She did as she was told and he kneeled behind her and she could hear him putting a condom on his shaft. He ran his cock along her slit and then he shoved himself inside her.

"Oh yeah, your cunt is so tight," he panted as he buried himself deep in her hole. He grabbed hold of her tits and pulled her up against him. As he was kissing her neck, the classroom door opened and there stood Mr Barton, chuckling to himself.

"I called your office and was told you'd left early for a conference with Aimee's teacher. You couldn't wait to try this slut's cunt, could you?" He laughed and high fived Mr Schuchter. "Is there any hole for me?" Without waiting he unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out, stroking it as he watched Mr Schuchter fucking Carla.

"Why don't you fuck her mouth?" Mr Schucter replied to his friend, not stopping his fuck rhythm as he talked. "Her throat is delicious."

"Don't mind if I do," smiled Mr Barton. "Open your mouth for me, babe. I have a full pair of balls that need emptying."
