 I was sitting in the surgeon's room completing case notes. Being a junior resident means you get stuck with boring jobs like bringing coffee for the senior residents or writing case sheets, a task which they really do despise. Dr.Robert, the head surgeon was sitting next me scrubbing his face with his hands in frustration. He had done 10 surgeries so far and still had 10 more to go. 

 Dr.Roberts was the youngest surgeon in the hospital and quite accomplished,despite his age. He was a very serious person, never saying more than what was required. When I was assigned to work under him I was quite nervous at first. Then I watched him interact with patients. He was kind, compassionate and patient. It also helped that he was really hot. I was harbouring a not so secret crush on him and was mercilessly teased by my fellow coworker Jack. Jack was on snack duty now and I was thrilled to be alone with Dr.Roberts.

 I kept sneaking peeks at him. His long, slender,talented fingers. I could imagine them pushing into my pussy and I shifted in my chair. His toned and strong forearms that would feel wonderful holding onto me as he thrust into me from behind. I imagined tracing those soft kissable lips and his stubbly chin. His eyes were closed but I knew they were like striking emeralds that were always laser focused on whatever job he did. If he had the same intensity while having sex and I'm pretty sure he did then he would be the whole complete perfect package and I was practically drooling now. 

 I grew concerned as I watched his hand massaging his right shoulder and his back stiffening with pain.

 "Dr. Robert do you need some help with your shoulder?" I asked.

 "What?" he seemed surprised to hear me disturbing the peaceful silence.

 "I mean I could give you a massage. My friends say I have magic fingers," I say showing him the fingers in question. His stony expression cracked revealing a small smile and I felt thrilled by my achievement. Robert never smiles.

 "Fine. Go ahead," he said.

 I jumped out of my seat thrilled at having an excuse to touch him. His chair was backed against a wall and so I manoeuvred myself in front of him, my legs on either side of his legs. I was practically straddling him. He raised his eyebrows in question.

 "Don't you have to stand behind me to massage my back," he asked amused.

 I huffed out a breath in faux annoyance. "Do you want this massage or not?" I asked him snootily.

 "Yes. I really do. Please continue Alice," he replied with a smirk.

 "Good," I said and leaned slightly against the table behind me and began massaging his shoulders. His muscles were so tight with tension and I began working on the knots. Robert closed his eyes and gave an involuntary sigh in response. Since I couldn't reach his back I put my knees on either side of his seat and moved closer. Robert gave a choked sound and I looked down at him.

 "What's wrong?" I asked.

 He cleared his throat and said,"Nothing," in a slightly strangulated tone. 

 I noticed that my boobs were right in his face. Smiling wickedly to myself I resumed my job making not so subtle brushes of my boobs against his face. I could feel his hot breath on my nipples and could feel them harden, which I am pretty sure was visible through the thin scrubs that I wore.

 "My knees hurt. Do you mind if I sit on your lap?" I asked and sat down without waiting for a reply. Robert immediately groaned out loud as I sat on his hardness poking through his pants. I could feel my pussy growing wet. 

 "Alice!" Robert growled out as his hands suddenly grabbed my hips and he roughly bit my nipples through my shirt. I gasped in surprise at the sensation. My hips moved instinctively against the growing bulge of hips pants.

 "You've been a very naughty girl! You should be punished! Remove your shirt! Now!" he growled out. 

 I could feel my pussy growing even wetter at his commanding tone. His laser beam focus was now completely on me as I pulled the shirt over my body. I unhooked my bra giving him a clear view of my erect nipples. He stared at me for a moment before he cupped my breasts in his hands. He brought his mouth closer to one and bit hard. I moaned out loud at the feeling. He gave the same attention to my other breast and I could feel the feel the heat pooling in my stomach.

 Robert suddenly lifted me off and I squeaked I surprise. He then made me lie across his lap and pushed my pants down as he began massaging the globes of my ass. 

 "Do you know what happens to naughty girls? They get spanked," he whispered near my ear and bit my ear lobe lightly. I shuddered in anticipation of what was about to come next. I've never been spanked before and I shook my ass shamelessly at him. 

 "Do you know why you are a bad girl Alice? Always distracting me while I'm working. That perk ass always swaying seductively as you walk. And now tempting me by thrusting your boobs right in my face," he bit out as his hand connected with my ass in a sudden slap. My squeal was muffled by his hand over my mouth. He continued to slap my ass for awhile as my moans grew louder and louder. It was painful at first but was then replaced by a jolt of pleasure that I began waiting with bated breath for each slap. 

 Suddenly Robert plunged his finger into my hole and my hips began moving on their own volition, riding his finger. 

 "God you're wet and so tight," he said gruffly. 

 Then he stood up and I groaned at the loss of his talented fingers. He then bent me over his desk, my head on the case sheet that I was filling and ordered," Don't move a muscle." I shuddered at his command and stood as still as I could with my legs spread wide open. Behind me I could hear him getting undressed and the crinkle of a condom wrapper. Without warning, he plunged into my hole and I cried out at the sudden intrusion.

 He pounded into me forcefully making the table underneath me shake. The sound of flesh pounding on flesh and the smell of sex permeated the air. Every thrust seemed to push him deeper and deeper into me, magically hitting my G-spot. One of his hands found its way to my clitoris and he expertly alternated between rubbing it and pinching it. The pressure in my body continued to rise within me as I climaxed with a loud cry. My walls rhythmically contracting around his dick. 

 The door suddenly opened and Jack stood there wearing a shocked expression. His arousal was quite evident through his pants.

 "Don't just stand there boy! Come in and shut the door!" Robert barked at him. Jack immediately complied and stood awkwardly near the door wondering what was required of him here. The sight of the senior doctor halfway into his colleague and said colleague who was lying over the desk completely enraptured must have been confounding to him.

 "Well? Are you just going to stand there gaping at us or are you going to join us?" Robert asked impatiently. 

 I felt a jolt of excitement at his words. My first threesome. Jack looked me inquiringly, desire evident in those dilated blue eyes. I gave him a small nod, grinning victoriously as he began shedding his clothes faster than I've ever seen a person do. His cock was jutting out proudly and he moved towards my head. He placed his dick in my mouth and I began sucking and nibbling on him, feeling more turned on than ever as I heard his moans. He began thrusting deeper into my throat as Robert was thrusting into my pussy, though at a slower rate than before. 

 "Stop!" Robert ordered and we both stilled. 

 He then pulled me off the desk and I let go of Jack's cock with a loud pop. He turned me around and I got my first full view of the perfect specimen I'd been lusting after for weeks. His broad shoulders were quite muscled and his torso narrowed to his hips where his huge thick cock, possibly 7 inches, stood erect. His chest was covered in thick hair that I wished I could twist my fingers into. His thick eyebrow was raised in question at my perusal of his body and I blushed.

 "Have you ever tried anal, Alice?" he asked casually as though we were discussing the weather. I suddenly felt shy at being naked in the presence of two naked hot men. I shook my head no, feeling overwhelmed.

 "Lucky for you, we are going to fill both your holes now," Robert said with a wicked grin. I tensed for second imagining it and then felt myself growing excited by the prospect. My breathing grew faster. I could his Jack's own sharp intake of breath of anticipation. 

 Robert pushed all the paperwork off to one side of the table. Then he instructed to Jack lay down on it. After sheathing him up, I climbed over him and gently lowered myself on his cock enjoying the feeling of being filled up. Behind me I could feel Robert part my ass cheeks and his thumbs pressed into my hole. I tensed at the strange feeling.

 "Relax Alice. It is much easier when you are not so tense," Robert said soothingly as his fingers slick with lube penetrated my virgin hole. He was calm and whispered soothingly as one hand rubbed my back reassuringly and his other hand scissored away widening my anal canal. Soon he was able to insert three fingers easily. Then I could hear him coat his cock with lube and tensed as the head of his dick penetrated me. 

 Jack who was watching my expressions quite closely the whole time,distracted me by kissing me gently. This soon grew into a full blown make out session with him nibbling on my lower lip and me plunging my tongue into his mouth.

 Robert finally thrust his dick completely into my ass and we all stilled, experiencing the fullness of both my holes. I don't think I could ever go back to normal vanilla sex ever again. Then Robert moved and we all groaned at the sensation. Jack began thrusting into me from below and soon Robert and Jack developed a rhythm that drove my nerve endings wild. Soon I was cumming and spasming around both their cocks. Robert came with a loud shout followed by Jack. Robert collapsed over me and we were a tangle of sweaty bodies trying to catch our breath. 

 A knock on the door startled us. 

 "Dr.Robert we've set up operating room number 3 for a cholecystectomy," informed the loud voice of the nurse. 

 "I'll be there in five minutes sister," Robert shouted out a reply and lifted up off of me, disposed his condom and began putting on his clothes as if nothing had happened. Both Jack and I watched his meticulous movements in stunned silence.

 "That was a wonderful massage Alice. Thank you," he said as he stood in front of me and kissed me before he walked to the door.

"Oh and I expect you two to be in the operation theatre in 15 minutes, thoroughly scrubbed in,"he commanded as he stood at the doorway and then shut it behind him leaving us alone.

 Jack and I stared at each other in disbelief. 

 "I think I love him," said Jack in wonder.

 "Me too," I replied awestruck.