 Jason stood on a rock overlooking a deserted beach beneath him. The cool sea breeze that sent an occasional whiff of salt up to him was a delightful refreshment under the glaring sun. He felt slightly dazed, uncertain if that was due to the heat, the amounts of red wine he had been drinking the night before, or ... he rubbed his eyes, incredulously. 

From his observation point, he could clearly see two women on the beach, which was not entirely deserted after all, and they were stark naked! Jason rubbed his eyes again, just to make sure the sun and the after effects of the previous night weren't playing tricks on him, but the scene remained. 

The women seemed to be completely self absorbed and oblivious to the world around them. Now and then, Jason could hear one or both of them laughing - a sound as sweet and clear as a tinkerbell. Whether it was the sound or their lush bodies presented to the world so innocently and yet so salaciously, Jason felt himself being magically drawn towards them. He climbed off the rock and carefully edged closer. 

The girls were now apparently teasing each other, playfully rolling in the hot sand, like two kittens, every now and then emitting that seductive, tinkerbell laugh. It made Jason's heart beat faster, and watching their lush bodies displayed, moving teasingly, he felt a familiar sensation just below his groins - the yearning of his beginning erection. 

He needed to cool off a little, so he walked closer to the water, letting his feet get rinsed by the ocean's waves which seemed to him to be caressing the sandy ground tenderly, much like a lover would touch his beloved ... 

He tried to direct his string of thoughts in another direction, but he had barely succeeded to rid his mind entirely of all erotic associations, when invariably the sound of the women's laughter brought his attention back to them, instantly reawakening pleasantly wicked thoughts, and his erection with them. 

One of them had gotten up. She was shaking her long, brown hair, which was flowing down to the middle of her back. The sight of her slim, tanned body with her lush breasts, now in full sight of Jason, almost took his breath away, and he stood helplessly watching her, his mouth open, his hand instinctively covering his hard longing. 

The brown haired woman now reached out her hands and pulled up her companion. She was quite a bit smaller, of slender stature, with small, firm breasts, and short, black hair. 

Giggling, arms wrapped around each other, they ran into the surf, where they continued their teasing play, ducking each other, chasing each other, until they had had enough of this and swam out into the open sea. 

Both of them were strong swimmers, and Jason had to squint his eyes to keep track of them 

"You never know," he thought to himself. "I might have to save them."

He walked a little closer up to where the girls had been sitting earlier and made himself comfortable, his bare feet dipped into the water, his erection cooled, but not entirely calmed down by the fresh seawater. 

The girls were still out, swimming, and suddenly he felt overwhelmed by the desire to simply lie down, his feet still in the water. He took off his t-shirt. And, since obviously this was, if anything, a nudist beach, he got rid of his swimming trunks, too. Dreamily, he dozed off, the sun touching his skin, one hand self-obliviously cupping his cock. 

He must have fallen asleep eventually. Jason had no idea how long he had been sleeping, but he awoke to that tinkerbell laugh which had drawn him close to where the two women had been before they had headed off into the water. As he tried to move, he found that he couldn't. In a slight sensation of panic, he realized that he was tied down by his arms and legs. He opened his eyes and found himself looking up a set of long, slim legs. 

His gaze wandered further up, the thighs, the crotch with a pair of delicious looking, shaven pussy-lips, a pair of hips, a belly button which made him want to bury his tongue in it immediately, a slim, yet feminine belly, and the pair of wonderful, lush breasts he had admired earlier. Again, there was that nagging sensation in his middle, and as he looked down, he noticed, not without embarrassment, that his cock was fully erect 

"Behave yourself," he tried to tell his cock, but the naughty geezer didn't seem to be too impressed with his internal prayer. 

"Look who we've got here," the brown haired woman said, smiling down at him. And, seemingly addressing his feet, she continued, "Agla, looks like Gulliver has woken up." 

Only now did he realize that the smaller girl with the short hair was standing at his feet. He let his gaze wander across her body, which was slightly more athletic than the body of the taller woman, her legs muscular, her pussy also delicately shaven, a slender body, and firm, small breasts which he had also noticed earlier (he couldn't have helped it!). 

He would have loved to touch the contrasting pair of them, being the middle part of a sandwich, but somehow, he felt, he was not in the position to make demands. 

Agla, if that was indeed the smaller girl's name, nodded and, letting out another one of those chiming laughs, agreed. 

"Sure looks like it! Now, what are we going to do with little Gulliver, Thel?" 

Jason felt it was about time to intervene. 

"Ahm, hello? My name's Jason." 

"But, of course you are Jason," Thel chuckled, smiling down upon him. 

"Pleased to meet you," Agla said. "I'd shake your hand, but looks like that is impossible right now," she giggled. 

"Er, I was going to ask you about that. Do you think it would be asking too much to free me of those ties? I'm feeling a little uncomfortable and ...." He was searching for the right word. 

"At our mercy?" Thel suggested helpfully. 

"Yes, at your mercy," Jason nodded, thankful for the linguistic support. 

"Good," Thel replied, an evil grin around her full lips. "That was the idea." 

"I beg your pardon?" Jason asked baffled, trying to grasp the implication. 

"You see," Agla said, squatting down beside him, her fingers gliding from his toes across his shins, over his knees up his inner thighs, stopping short before his still erect penis, "we are just two girls, all alone out here, possibly helpless. And suddenly, there is a stranger, obviously awaiting us to return from our little swim, he's all naked, with a remarkable erection ..." 

Jason's gaze wandered down towards his middle again, and, as he noted not without feeling a little rueful, his penis showed no inclination to back down. On the contrary, the sensation of Agla's fingers gliding over his skin seemed to have encouraged his cock to present himself in an even more coquettish fashion, yearning for attention, and, more to the point, being touched and felt.

"So," Thel added, "we figured, for the moment it was safest to tie you up. But," she continued, now lowering her body, until she sat squatting opposite from Agla, her fingernails gliding from his neck, over his chest, down, across his belly, digging into his flesh just above his cock, causing him to wince slightly, "don't worry." She smiled. "I think you might enjoy it. Just relax, we will release you eventually." 

Agla gave him a grin that was meant to be reassuring. "At least for the time being we have no intention to leave you there, all tied up, to rot in the sun and be an easy prey to the vultures." 

"Vultures?" Jason asked feebly. "I didn't know there were vultures here." 

"Oh," Thel said, patting him on the thigh, "there are many things that you still have to learn, little Jason." 

With that, they both got up, chuckling at his futile attempts to free himself. 

After they had left, Jason was starting to wonder if they had changed their mind and would leave him to sundry like a tomato under the glaring sun after all, and he caught himself scanning the sky for circling vultures, but the only birds he spotted were seagulls. 

After a while he heard that tinkerbell laugh again, and he almost cursed the seductive sound of it now, since he felt that that was what had gotten him here and into this dodgy situation in the first place. 

Jason heard the soft sound of someone walking in sand. He looked up and into the smiling face of Agla. 

"I have come to make you a little more comfortable," she said, placing a folded towel beneath his head. "There. Better?" 

He nodded. 

"And since we don't want you to turn into a lobster, we will also provide a little shade for you," Agla added, opening a sunshade behind him and arranging it so his body was protected from the increasingly hot sun. 

"I am feeling a little dehydrated," Jason managed to say. 

Agla nodded and bent down to kiss him lightly on the forehead. "I'll be right back," she promised. 

Soon after, she returned, a glass with ice cubes in her hand, and a bottle with a clear liquid in the other. She knelt down beside him, opened the bottle and held it to his lips. 

"What is this?" Jason asked suspiciously. 

Aga laughed her tinkerbell laugh. "Not very trusting, are we? It's just plain water. Well, I guess I understand, considering the circumstances ...." And she proceeded to drink herself, in long, longing gulps, some of the water trickling out of her mouth and onto his hot belly, sending shivers down his body. She looked at him and smiled again. 

"You dare taking a mouthful now yourself?" she asked with a little sneer. 

Jason nodded, and as she put the bottle to his mouth, he eagerly drank, savouring the fresh water which to him tasted more delicious than any wine he had ever drunk (in fact, thinking of wine right now didn't appeal to him - apparently it had been a bit too much the previous evening). What made it even more delicious was that he was being served it by Agla, kneeling before him, still naked, her small breasts brushing against his cheek. 

"Enough for the moment?" she asked, wiping a drop of water off his lips and licking her finger. 

"Yes, I'm fine right now, thank you," he said, his middle rising again at the sight of Agla sucking her finger. 

He wondered what the ice cubes were for. She couldn't very well put them into the bottle, and apparently she had no intention of having him drink out of the glass. Agla put down the bottle.

As if reading his thoughts, she answered, "Oh, I thought perhaps your hot body needed to cool off a little." 

And with that, she picked an ice cube from the glass, gliding it across his chest, around his nipples until they got hard and small. With an evil little grin she continued to run the ice cube down his belly, until his body was covered in goosebumps, both from the cold and the sensation. He quivered and emitted a little moan. The ice cube traveled further down, until it reached the shaft of his cock. 

"Looking a little hot here." Agla's voice had suddenly gone coarse. She placed the ice cube in her palm and began stroking his cock with her hand, the ice cube clenched between her hand and his shaft. 

"Ohh ..." Jason moaned, in a mixture of pleasure and pain. "Well," he thought to himself, "it is definitely more pleasure than pain." 

Agla's hand continued its massaging movements, until the ice cube had nearly melted. When there was only a fraction left, she removed her hand from his shaft and cupped it over his head, the ice now disintegrated into drops of icey water slowly trickling down his head. She continued stroking him, until the icey water mixed with drops of precum. Agla bent down to kiss his cock, licking off the juices. 

His longing was now almost painful. "Can I have some more of this?" he pleaded. 

"Some more of what?" Agla asked back, innocently, lifting her head. 

"Some more of this ice cube treatment. I am terribly hot, you know, and I think my middle needs some more ... cooling." 

"Shhh!" Agla placed her hand on his lips. "Not right now!" She was looking into the direction where he supposed Thel was located. "But I'll be back later. I promise!" 

She picked up another ice cube, put it into her mouth and kissed him. As she did, his tounge eagerly searched hers, and she passed the ice cube on to him. 

"I'll leave that for you - something to cool you down a little." 

With that, she got up, blew him another kiss, and as she walked off towards Thel, she seemed to be deliberately swinging her hips . 

As Jason sucked on the ice cube, he desperately pulled on his ropes to free his hands. His urge to have his cock touched was almost unbearable it could hardly get any stronger. At least that's what he thought at that time. Poor Jason - little did he know what else was in stock for him at that point ... 

He was still struggling in vain to get a grip on his erection when Agla returned, together with Thel this time, carrying a blanket in her hand and a small bag in the other. 

"We thought we'd keep you entertained," Thel said, grinning at him lasciviously. 

Full of anticipation, his cock hard as a bone, he wriggled invitingly, hoping to entice one or better still both of the girls to give him a nice rub down. He was dying to have his erection touched. 

Indeed, they both approached him. Agla knelt down to his right, while Thel placed herself to his left. Agla opened the bag she had brought along. She pulled out a black silk scarf which she handed Thel. Thel moved towards Jason's head. 

"What are you going to do?" he asked suspiciously. 

"Don't worry," Thel answered reassuringly, "I'm not going to strangle you." 

"Oh, good, thanks a million," Jason replied, interrupting her (a big mistake, as Thel's disapproving frown immediately made clear to him). 

"I am only going to blindfold you while we subject you to the first part of your - er - treatment." 

"What treatment?" Jason asked, signs of slight panic showing in his eyes. 

"Don't worry," Agla interfered, putting a hand on his shoulder. "I promise that we will do nothing to harm you." 

"In fact," Thel added, "I am pretty sure that you are going to like what we'll be doing to you." 

"Ok then," Jason said, "go ahead." Not that he would have had much choice, anyway. 

Thel blindfolded him, and he felt that she was waving her hands before his face to check whether he was actually unable to see. Jason felt strange. Being not only tied up, but now also blindfolded he was even more at the mercy of those two strange girls. But somehow he was more curious than he was actually worried. But for all he knew, these two chicks could be psychotic murderers, taking pleasure in torturing their victims; or making them their sex slaves before proceeding ... he tried to shoo away these alarming thoughts, sharpening his senses instead to what was going on around him. 

His nose caught a whiff of a delicious smell with a slight hint of roses, and then he felt four hands spreading something slightly greasy on his body. Hmmm .... apparently, Thel and Agla spoilt his body with some extremely pleasant after-sun treatment, although at that point he would have been unable to tell if they were creaming him in lotion or in oil. 

They had started with his feet, massaging his soles. Amazingly, the girls managed to do so without tickeling him (and this was an area where Jason was extremely ticklish). On the contrary, the feeling was magnificently pleasing to him, and although he could not see it, he felt that his penis was reacting to the massage of this particular erogenous zone.

Realizing that Agla and Thel were probably not about to live out some horrendous fantasy where he was to play the part of the victim, Jason was finally able to relax, as Agla and Thel proceeded to the upper part of his feet, massaging every part of it diligently, without leaving out a single toe. Now they were both working his legs, applying a little pressure, rubbing and massaging him with both hands. Taking their time, they worked his shins (he had never known that this was an erogenous zone as well), and the sensation running through his body was so pleasant that he could not help but start to moan softly.

The girls reacted to his moans by intensifying their massage, ignoring his attempts to steer their attention towards his penis by bringing up his hips as far as his ties allowed. Agla and Thel, working in perfect harmony, had reached the region around his knees now. Carefully, they massaged the area around them, before continuing with his upper thighs.

When they had reached the insides of his thighs, he started to feel almost painfully horny. God, it felt so good, and because he could neither see nor intervene in any way, his longing was stirred up even more. Diligently, Agla and Thel kneaded his thighs, using both hands, now and again applying some of the oil (yes, he was pretty certain now that it was some massage oil they'd been rubbing onto him).

Their hands moved up and down, slowly, now pressing, now stroking, causing goosebumps to rise all over his body. Goosebumps were, of course, not the only things rising, and he was eagerly anticipating the moment when they, or one of them, would reach what he considered the focal point of a decent full-body massage. His moans were getting louder and he felt that this was enticing the girls to intensify their massage. 

He wished he could take a peek at them; he wanted to know what their faces looked like as they were treating his body so luxuriously. Did they smile? Did their faces display signs of lust, of longing, as their hands moved slowly but unavoidably upward toward his crotch? 

Now and then, it felt like a hand was almost touching his balls.

He decided to give it a try. His feeling of lust was stronger than any restraint he might have had felt obliged to obey earlier. 

"Oh yeah," he moaned, "please touch my balls." 

The hands stopped. There was a pause.

"Er, did I say anything wrong?" he asked.

"What do you think? Should we give in to his plea?" he heard Thel ask Agla quietly.

"Well, why not?" Agla's friendly voice replied.

"Be careful what you wish for," Thel said, apparently addressing him. "Are you sure, Jason, that you really want this? That you can really take this?"

Of course he could, what did they think?

"Yes, I am really, really, really certain," the begging in his voice was clearly audible.

Then he felt a hand carefully touching his balls. Bliss! He stretched himself out as far as the ties around his ankles and wrists would allow him, thrusting his hips upward. The hand was gently pulling the lower end of his nuts, then covering them entirely, taking turns in pressing, kneading and stroking them. His urge was growing further. He felt his penis dancing, obviously trying to jump into the hand working his balls, or any hand for that matter, but none of the hands would fulfil this desire.

He moaned again. "Oh yeah, this is incredible," he sighed. "Can you touch a bit more?"

The hand stopped. "What is it now?" Thel's voice sounded slightly impatient.

"Hmmm ... what you're doing to me is really good ... but I think the little man in the middle is urging for a little caressing treatment..."

The girls started to giggle.

"Would you like me to stop caressing your balls then?" Agla's voice asked.

"Would you work my cock instead?" he asked back, his voice hoarse from lustful anticipation.

There was a short pause again, then without any further comment, all four hands resumed their work on his body, gliding over his hips ("Yes!" he thought, "Finally!"), and onto his belly, and proceeded without touching his nuts or his cock.

Jason's body was tense now with sexual desire and pent-up frustration. He decided to change his tactics. 

"I'm sorry if I was too impertinent there," he began, his cock bobbing wildly as the girls moved further up his belly.

Again he heard them giggling.

"You were not being impertinent," Thel adressed him softly. "Just a little - impatient. We'll have to teach you patience, and perhaps a little subedience," she added.
