 Hi, my name is Cinnamon and I'm a natural born nymphomaniac. In my younger years, I felt real bad about it all. Being a female who isn't ashamed of her sexuality was like a bad thing. Of course, if a male openly made it known he was stickin anything that moved, he was the man. If I used men for my sexual pleasure, I'm a hoe. Fucked up huh? I finally had to come to grips with who I am, and what I like, sex. And I didn't care who knew.

When I was younger, I experimented a lot. I was most of the boys in my neighborhood's first. As I got older, I used sex as a weapon, cause I knew it can get you just about anywhere, get you anything. Now, at the age of twenty nine, it's all for my pleasure. I have a high sexual appetite, and I'm not afraid to please it anymore. If you're looking good to me, then I'm going for the opportunity. Anyone who comes in contact with me better watch out, cause you just might get fucked. Here's just a day of what I can be capable of. Many might say it's a damn shame I do the things I do. Women may think I'm the ultimate hoe, along with some men that pray for the day we meet. But in the end, they all wish they could have that sexual freedom just like me....

I wake up around five am. My pussy is wet and throbbing. Jason called and wanted to come spend the night, but I turned him down cause I was expecting Mark, whose plane got delayed, so I was left high and dry the whole night. I get out my vibrator and lay across my bed. My curtains are open as usual. I love the thought of someone passing by and catching a peek of me. I spread my pussy lips and insert my ten incher. I work my clit while working my pussy slow. I take my vibrator out and lick my juices off and reinsert it. Mmmm, I love the feeling of cumming. My body shakes and I get pissed at myself. That's only gonna make me want it more. I shower and get dressed for work.

During the drive to the office, I see many faces, many delicious bodies. I get lost in myself wondering what it would be like to be naked with this fine brotha I see standing outside of his car. He's tall and chocolate, I want to lick him like a popsicle. I get bumped out of my world at a car honking cause the light is green. Maybe later chocolate wonder. I pass by a construction site. I can see all those strong hands all over my body. I would do each and every one of those men. I would love to be surrounded by them, pawing my body, giving me pleasure. 

I make it to my office building. I work at a big accounting firm, so I try to keep a low key on my sexual behaviors at work, although, I have cum up on a few good lunch meetings. I have a message from Keisha. She's a newbie here and she needs to see me ASAP cause she's upset about an account she fucked up on. Damn, she is my one temptation I haven't overcome yet. 

She's around twenty four, her body is tight as hell. The sexual tension between us is thick, I see all of me in her. I've learned to keep everything strictly business when I'm working, I see she hasn't mastered that yet. I was waiting for an evening we decided to have drinks or something after work to make my move. I've been around enough bisexual woman to know she would never object having me lick her kitty.

I give her a call and let her know I'm in and she can come see me when she's free. I unbutton two buttons on my shirt. She's fuckin with me on the wrong day. She comes to the office with a frantic look on her face. She has on one of those Alley McBeal suits as usual, short fitting skirt that shows all those caramel legs and fits enough let me see the shape of those nice tits. 

"Is this gonna take long?" I asked.

"I'm not sure" she said to me.

"Lock the door" I said trying to act annoyed.

She sat and began to explain what was going on. 

"Do me a favor, look in that bottom drawer in that cabinet and get me the financials from last year on this company." I instructed her. I really wanted to see all that ass bent over but I got a much bigger surprise. As it turned out, she didn't have any panties on and her shaven pussy was glistening. 

I smiled to myself. Yeah, she's every bit of me a few years ago. Well, if she wants to play, she's gonna have to do it by my rules. I had actually discovered the whole mishap during the first few minutes of looking over the numbers, but I was enjoying Keisha's not so subtle come on's to me.

"Here they are" she said leaning over my desk enough for her full cleavage to be close enough for me to lick.

"Thank you" I said pretending not to notice. I could tell she was getting discouraged. I acted to scrutinize over the problem and got up. She was leaned back in the chair with her legs crossed.

"You like being naughty huh?" I whispered as I walked up behind her.

"What are you talking about?" She asked all too innocently.

"What made you think I would approve of your behavior?"

"Uh" she began clearing her throat. "I saw you in Frisco one night. You were coming from a sex shop with a woman. I saw the way you were with each other"

I thought about the night she was talking about. Me and one of my girl toys had to make a run to get some sex toys. "Hmmm, and you want a dip in the honey?"

"I've never actually been with a woman before. It's been a fantasy of mine for quite some time now." Her breathing was heavy now. I could smell her desire. I couldn't blame her. When I wanted something, I went for it. 

"Longing for the touch of a woman?" I asked, licking her neck. Her legs were now slightly parted. I brushed my finger tips over the outer part of her pussy lips. I could feel her quiver under my touch.

"Yes" she moaned out.

"Your wish is my command." I got one of my business cards and wrote my home number on the back. "Call me later on, and make sure you put your panties back on. I don't want you giving anyone else any surprise peeks." I smiled at her.

She had a disappointed look in her face. Obviously she thought it was gonna go down right here in my office. Please

"OK" was all she could mutter as she exited.

I was gonna have a good night, but how am I gonna get through this day? My phone rang.... 

"Cinnamon Smith" I answered.

"Is it too late for me to get a taste?" was Mark's reply.

"Never for you sweetie."

"I'm at the Marriott down the street from you. Meet me for lunch"

"Sure" I said. He always came through right on time. I got his room number and I was on my way.

The door was already unlocked, so there was no need to knock. I heard the shower going. I quietly slipped in and undressed so I could begin lunch.

His body looked too good under the water. I got in behind him and began kissing his back.

"I missed you too" he said.

He turned around and kissed me, let his fingers find their way to my clit and began stroking it. I found his already hard dick and begin to return the favor. I kissed down to his chest til I made it to his dangling balls. I took them both in my mouth while I sucked lightly. He began to moan lightly.

I took the head of his dick in my mouth and began sucking on it as I fondled his balls. I felt his orgasm building up so I grabbed his ass and began pumping his dick in my face. 

"Oh shit" he let out. His load shot deep in my throat.

"I think you're clean now" I said as I led him from the shower.

We got to the bed and I got on top of him. I never wasted any time. I massaged my clit as I rode his dick.

"Cum for me baby" He whispered

"Not yet" I got up so he could enter me from the back. He fucked me hard and deep til I was damn near climbing the walls.

"Fuck me daddy"

He pulled out and began to eat my pussy. "I said I wanted you to cum" He clever tongue skills made it hard for me to deny him. With him sucking and licking my clit, along with fucking my hole with his tongue, made me explode. He turned me over and put my legs up on his shoulders to get the maximum penetration. My pussy walls were still pulsating from cumming, and were gripping his dick.

"Damn, this pussy is so good" Soon after that, he unloaded inside me.

"I know you gotta get back to work, can we hook up later?" he asked

"Sorry, got plans" I said.

"Well, if things change"

"I know, I'll give you a call" I said as I got up to clean the sex from me. Good thing my hair was braided.

I went back to work totally not feeling it at all. It was already three so I decided to take off early. I went home to change from the office attire to the 'fuck me' attire. I put on a mini with slits up the side and a halter top with much cleavage. I loved my 38d's probably more than men did.

I went to the mall. I walked past the shoe store and saw an absolutely gorgeous man. I walked in.

"Can I help you?" He asked looking me up and down.

"I hope so" I said licking my lips. "I'm looking for some pumps, red. What do you have for me?"

"I think I have something that will be to your liking." He disappeared and came back with a box. Terrence, as the name tag read, kneeled in front of me and removed my sandal. He pulled out one shoe and put it on. It was about a six inch heel that laced up the legs. I parted my legs a bit so he could get a peek at my pussy. (I told you Keisha reminded me of myself). I heard a gasp from him as he tried to remain normal. He put the other shoe on and I got up to walk around. I bent over, touching my legs so I could show him my ass. I caught a glance of his rising dick through the mirror.

I sat back down and deliberately had my legs open.

"Is my pussy pretty to you?" I asked.

"Wh..What" he stammered.

"Wanna taste it?" He had a look on his face I couldn't quite read. "Go ahead, I won't tell, if you don't"

It was like he was in a trance, he kissed my legs up to my thighs and buried his face. I held on to his bald head until I came.

"I'll take these shoes." I said bringing him back to reality.

"Uh, ok" he said with my juices all over his face.

To bad for him someone else began to wonder in. 

I got my shoes and left. I walked in and out of stores, bending over enough for my ass cheeks to hang out, giving multiple people free peeks at my scrumptious ass. I heard grunts of disgust as well as awes of approval. People just didn't know what to do with my ass.

I went back home to await my call. I ended up dozing off and woke up at almost nine. Guess she got scared. My Friday night wasn't gonna be a total lost. I put on a short black strapless dress with my new shoes I purchased earlier (I got a black pair as well) I went to San Francisco to see what kind of trouble I could get into. On the way, my cell phone rang.

"Hello"

"Hi Cinnamon, it's Keisha. Is it too late?"

"Naw, where do you live?" I asked her.

"Near downtown Frisco" I figured it if she saw me.

"Meet me at that club down the street from the shop you saw me at" She got quiet. It was a mixed kind of scene, but gay people went there a lot.

"OK" she said uneasily.

When I entered the club, I saw a few people I got together with from time to time.

"Hey Cin, come on over to our table" Daryl said.

I went over to join him and his wife, and couple other people.

"What made your fine ass come out tonight?" Daryl asked rubbing my leg under the table.

"Just chillin"

"When you gonna come play with us again?" Jasmine asked kissing me.

I saw Keisha walk through the door. "She here for you?"

"Yeah, be easy on her, she's a new bootie"

I got up and waved Keisha over to the table. "What you drinking on?"

"Long Island" Daryl went over to order our drinks.

I introduced her to Jasmine and the rest of the group.

She had on a dress similar to mine. "You are looking good enough to eat" Tiffany said to Keisha.

"Umm Thank you" 

"Girl, you got to loosen up"

Daryl cam back with the drinks. "Think maybe we can have some fun tonight? Show the ropes to your friend here?"

"I don't think she's ready for that"

Keisha drunk her drink fast. "Order another round while we go dance" I said.

I led her to the dance floor. A slow song was on and I pulled her close and began to grind on her. Her drink had loosened her a bit, but not enough.

"What are you scared of?" I asked.

"I don't know." I kissed her 

"You liked that?" 

"Yeah"

"Then chill and let it all come natural to you" I reached under her dress, good, no panties. I slipped my finger in her hot slit. I took it out and licked it. "Mmmm. Let's go get that other round of drinks."

I had a plan in action. I liked kicking it with Daryl and Jasmine. They were freaky as hell, and Daryl could lay pipe like a mutha. I didn't want to get all worked up and still have to teach her. If I could get this hooked up like I wanted to, me and Jasmine could show her some things and Daryl could dick us all down. None of the others though, she was definitely not ready for that... 

I leaned over to tell Jasmine my plan as I let her lick Keisha's juices from my finger. She in turn told Daryl and we were set. We ordered a few more rounds and we all could see she was ready. Daryl and Jasmine took her out on the dance floor and felt her up.

"Look, I don't think I can handle driving over the bridge. I'm gonna crash at Jasmine's and Daryl's, you down?" I was testing how bad she wanted it.

"Yeah" she said with no problem.

We were off. In the car, I let my finger find her hole once more and felt her wetness. She had a nice fat clit. "I'm gonna have fun sucking on that"

She reached over and touched my nipple.

"We're here" I said.

We got out of the car and went in the house. I don't know who wanted her more of the three of us. She had no idea what she was stepping into.

Soon as we stepped in, I was on her. I kissed her and pulled her dress down so it could hit the floor. I sucked her nipples and rubbed her slit.

Jasmine came behind me and began kissing my back as she let my dress fall to the floor. I kissed down to her stomach and felt her body quiver once more. I buried my head between her legs. She must have wanted it more than she thought cause she came instantly, her knees buckling.

"Damn girl, hold on" I said laughing.

"I'm sorry."

"Don't be, we got all night"

Daryl came out naked as I figured he would, dick hard as hell.

"Who's first?" Keisha's eyes got big.

"I have a boyfriend."

"Nothing will happen that you don't want" I assured her.

I let Jasmine take over with her while I went over to Daryl and began sucking his long dick.

"I always let too much time go by. I don't know how I let Jasmine keep all this to herself."

He bent me over a couch and began fuckin me. I looked over and saw Jasmine sucking away at Keisha's clit. She looked over at me.

"I want to taste you Cinnamon" she said.

"Sorry Daryl, you gotta go stick your wife for a while." I said getting off his dick.

"Aww, and the fun was just starting."

I walked over to her and got ready to sit my pussy over her lovely red lips. "You sure you ready?"

"Yeah" I sat on her face. She played around with my pussy with her tongue. She parted my lips with her fingers and devoured me.

After she made me cum all over her face, we all took turns fuckin each other til we passed out. 

All this on a Friday, wonder what Saturday holds in store for me?????