 It's New Year's Eve, and I've been waiting for you to finish work for an hour.

I'm wearing a long black backless dress, 4 inch heels, and have had my hair done in a very formal updo.

The gym is empty, and has been since I got there. You've wanted to fuck me, but I want to keep my hair nice - we have reservations at a really nice hotel party to go to. Afterwards I've promised anything you desire, and the hotel room is amazing. We're going to fuck for 24 hours straight, drunk on champagne and bourbon.

I'm sitting on your desk, legs crossed, and you're doing everything in your power to get me wet. Kissing me slow, hands underneath my breasts, cupping them exactly how I like. You're tracing my spine with one hand....there's no bra to undo, and the back of the dress lets your hands go nearly down to my ass on bare skin.

I want you but know we have to be somewhere, so even though I can feel you're hard through your shorts, I keep protesting, but still give your cock a squeeze with my hand as your lips close in on my neck, and you bury your face in my tits, breathing hard on me.

In spite of myself I'm getting wet, and am distracted enough that you manage to pull down your shorts and step away from me, squeezing your cock slow, staring at me.

That's the moment when two guys walk into the gym. We hadn't locked the door yet. Obviously friends, definitely clients, they know you and your brother. These guys are jerks, big and meaty, almost identical. All ripped with nowhere better to be than the gym on NYE, yet they've also been drinking anyway. 

Neither of us are sure what to say, but we've definitely been caught; when one mentions he can't wait to tell your brother. Concerned, you bargain with him, beers maybe? You offer a free membership, and are still bartering with him as I slide off the desk to get involved. 

That's when they take a look at me. They're not as alike as I initially thought. The main one is a bit taller, bigger arms, and blonde. He nods towards me, "What about her?" 

I look at you a little panicked, but you keep your cool. "She sucks an amazing cock. She'll take you, and then you can leave." 

Not the response from you I was expecting.

Without a word the blonde one drops his jeans. You walk over to the door and lock it, and when you're not looking he pushes me to my knees and shoves his cock in my mouth. Its warm and sweaty, but surprisingly hard. With my eyes closed I let him slide his cock in and out of me, I'm unprepared for his strength. I'm unwilling and hesitant, so he pulls my head deeper onto him and calls me a bitch. I look over at you and you're shaking your head in disappointment at me. I have to do this properly. 

I reach up and squeeze his balls, getting them wet with my spit, and begin to rub the very base of his cock. I stand higher on my knees and take him deeper, opening my lips and gagging a little as he pushes in farther down my throat. Moving forward in time with his thrusts, he pushes deeper and deeper each time, and i start to move my hand up and down his cock really fast. I lick his head, sticking my tongue inside his hole, and he begins to enjoy himself. I want to make you proud of me, so I pull him down, spreading his legs, and as he squeezes his dick I suck his balls, and move my fingers around his ass, sometimes stopping to lick from base to tip, letting a huge string of spit stick to his cock from my lips. I see you nodding at me, telling me to finish him. I take his head inside my lips and blow him really hard, shaking his cock against my face, rubbing it across my lips and all across my cheeks, trying to catch it in my mouth but he's pulsing so hard it keeps smacking against me instead, causing my face to get covered in spit and pre-cum. 

I feel him harden, and know he's ready to explode, and put my lips and slide all the way down to the base, so when he cums...and he cums with such force, he's shooting it deep into my throat. He moans in enjoyment, and I let him out, having swallowed every little bit of cum.

His shorter friend has been watching this entire time, waiting for his turn. He doesn't even give me a moment to wipe the spit that glistens on the corner of my mouth before he's taking his pants off too. I'm secretly proud of myself now, and smile a little as he comes towards me. He's shorter, but rougher. He has me sit on the floor, my back up against the desk, and uses his hand to open my mouth. He guides his short, fat cock in...so thick I have to open my mouth as wide as I can to fit him inside. Right away he begins to fuck my mouth. I sit there, nowhere to move, as he shoves it in me, again and again. He pulls my face onto his cock as he pushes inside me deeper. I start to gag, barely breathing, as he pulls out to give me a moment, but then shoves it back inside me again. I'm not in control at all, and not sure what's happening. His friend tells him to give me a break, tells him, "Let her do it". Blondie knows I can finish his friend better than he can finish himself. I get a second, stand up, taking his cock in my hand, and walking him around the desk. 

This guy likes it rough, so I have you undo the one shoulder of my dress, and slide it down just enough, exposing my breasts. You kiss my forehead reassuringly, and grab one of my breasts as I lay on top of the desk, my head over the edge. I motion to him to come forward and let him fuck my tits while my face is buried in his balls. I'm licking him hard and fast, sucking on his balls tight, when he pulls back and cums in my mouth. It drizzles slowly out of him, in short bursts, so I keep sucking him slow to draw it out of him. I start at the base, and suck and slide all the way up, bringing his cum out of him more with each tug of his cock. When I'm sure he's done and he's gone soft in my mouth, I sit up, and pull my dress back up, holding it up to cover myself.

You unlock the door, and escort them outside. I'm relieved I've managed to keep my hair intact, when behind me I hear a voice, "Is it my turn now?"

I turn, expecting you, but its not. There's a third man. He's extremely tall, 6'5, dark hair, deeply tanned, and dressed in a suit. He looks like he's Bay street, and smells of money. He explains to us he'd been in the change room preparing for a NYE party himself, but had seen our deal with the two guys.You tell him its afterhours now, and that he wasn't a part of the deal, and after seeing how I was just treated by the guys, you've decided you'd rather Mike find out and get fired, but I tell you its okay. 

The way you'd kissed me earlier, licked my neck, whispered into my ear...I wanted to be fucked, I just wanted to look pretty for you at the party too. I decide in that moment I don't care about impressing those two jocks, but this man, I need to impress. I walk over to you, nuzzle my face into your chest, look up into your eyes, and ask you, "please?"

You can't say no to me, and look at him and say "Go ahead".

He takes off his suit jacket, and undoes his tie. I'm still only holding my dress up, so when he walks over and lifts my arms, it slides right down my body. Underneath I have on only a black thong and heels, and he puts his hand in between my legs, feeling my pussy through my thong, still wet from your efforts earlier. When he puts three fingers inside me right away I'm shocked and murmur in surprise. I didn't think this would be about me. He gently licks my exposed nipples, hard as they are from the AC, and pushes me onto the desk. He pulls off my thong, with my still in my heels. I'm so eager to deserve this man's attention; I undo his pants, feeling his huge cock, as thick and hard as yours gets, through his pants. I'm surprised to discover he's not wearing boxers, and already see drips of pre-cum staining his pants. 

He removes his blue silk tie, turns me over, and with my heels still on, ties my hands and feet together with it. I'm so turned on, the cold desk against my tits, I'm slippery with wet pussy juice. I'm dripping down my own thigh. He continues to put his fingers inside me, alternating between fucking me with them, fingering my ass, and rubbing my clit. 

You're concerned, and come closer to me, but I can see you're hard as fuck too. All this time you never did put your shorts back on. I need a cock inside me, and beg for you to put your cock in my mouth. You comply, and push it in with such force I groan in happiness. My moans make him finally remove his cock from his pants and also slide it in me, but really, really slow. He's actually too big. The kind of big that's unworkable. He has to push and force his way into my tight pussy, and since I'm tied up, I cant help him. 

You warn him to be careful, you noticed I didn't take my pill that morning...I was running late to the hair salon and forgot. I cant say anything but mumble, I have two huge cocks inside me, and you've bent forward enough to put a finger inside my ass now too, so every hole I have is filled. I'm so wet, and his cock is so big it can barely move inside of me but he's beginning to force himself deeper, pushing my face farther onto your cock so much so I'm almost chocking on you. 

You both take turns thrusting inside of me, with each push I get squeezed onto each of you. I feel his cock pulsing in me, and I realize he's going to cum. He's totally silent, and my mouth is so full of your cock I can't say anything. I try to warn you to have him pull out, but my protests are also groans of pleasure as I think about the sperm about to shoot inside me. I start to squirt when you take a highlighter and put it inside of my ass. He cums when he feels my hot pussy squirting all over him, he pulses and shoots deep inside of me, with a force I can feel reverberate all the way through me. He pulls my shoulders and forces himself deeper onto him, and you grab my ass and pull my face forward, burying your cock down my throat. The fighting over me makes me cum again. He pulls out of me, and I shake as he does.

"She's all yours", and he pulls up his pants, picks up his coat, and walks away leaving me tied up with his tie.

I'm so exhausted, barely moving. 

You untie my hands from my feet, and let me roll over onto my back.

You kiss me hard, tongue in my mouth. Your hands are all over my body, on my tits, and finally between my legs. You feel my pussy and realize it's full of his cum. I raise your hand and suck his cum off of your fingers, and you put your cock in me, and make me lick his cum off again. Over and over we do this, until you think it's clean. 

Finally, you climb on top of me, face in my tits, and fuck me close and slow, until we cum together. You don't care either now and you cum deep inside me too. I wrap my legs around your back and pull myself up onto your cock, rocking on you as you shove yourself deep, and I feel you explode. Hot, clumps of cum shooting in me. 

We collapse quietly together, breathing hard, until its time to go to the party.