 My daughter and I walked hand-in-hand, looking for animal footprints in the snow. 

"What's that one, Mommy?" Emma asked.

"Hmm, do you think it's a bear?" I teased.

"No, Mommy! We don't have bears around here."

"Probably a dog then. And what about that one?" I pointed to some tiny, pointed prints.

"A squirrel?" Emma guessed.

"Right! High-five!" I said, holding up my hand for Emma. Our gloved hands smacked together, muted by winter wear. 

"Hey, it's Maddie!" Emma yelled, and ran ahead to catch up with her friend who was just getting out of the blue minivan at the side of the road. Emma and Maddie frequently shared their walks to school, giving me a chance to chat with Maddie's father Dave. 

Dave was a stay-at-home dad and a writer. He had published two novels so far, and they had sold moderately well. I had read both, mesmerized by his dexterity with words, his understanding of human nature, not to mention his power to write sex scenes that rendered me instantly wet. I was fascinated by Dave's sexy braininess. I had also found that when I lay in bed at night reading his books, I was increasingly intrigued by his rugged, dark good looks, so that that all of his male leads began to morph into Dave. Walking to school beside him, making small talk about our daughters and the neighborhood gossip, I couldn't keep my mind from wandering to the erotic images he'd planted in my mind.

My husband Brian and I socialized with Dave and his wife Tracy fairly often, a friendship born of our daughters' playdates and the interests we shared. We all enjoyed good wine, good food, and good conversation. I found an easy rapport with Tracy, a high school teacher, as we talked about the latest treats we had baked or we worked on our scrapbooks together. Tracy was warm and quick-witted, with an artist's sensibility that matched her style. Half Filipino, she had lovely brown skin and impossibly dark, straight hair, razor-cut to frame her delicate face. I'd always admired her slim, limber body, so different from my own curves.

I watched for Dave to round the front of the minivan, eager to look into his sparkling deep chocolate eyes. I couldn't help but wonder how his lips would feel on mind. I'd already felt his eyes on my 36DD chest and firm, round butt a few times, enough that I sometimes called to mind the image of his appreciative looks to motivate me when I worked out.

Dave appeared from behind his van, but he didn't look toward me. Instead, he just headed off toward the school, behind the two girls. Did he not see me?

"Dave!" I called, moving quickly to catch up.

"Oh, hey," he said, turning slightly, not quite meeting my eyes. "How's it going?"

"Good," I smiled, a little concerned. "What's up?" 

"Not much," he said. He glanced at me and looked back toward the kids. "You?"

"Oh, I'm fine," I said. This was odd. Dave usually seemed happy to see me, and always had something to share, a funny story or an interesting bit of information gleaned from his research for his writing. Had something happened? A fight between the kids, maybe? I looked ahead, but the girls seemed to be getting along fine, holding hands as they waited for the crossing guard to wave them across the street.

"Did you have a good weekend?" I asked, eyeing him.

Dave cleared his throat. "Yeah." He didn't ask me the same.

We finished the walk to school in silence, shepherding our daughters into their lines and kissing them goodbye. After the kids went in, I usually walked with Dave as far as his minivan, continuing our small talk. But today, as soon as the kids were inside, he started to stride away as though he had somewhere to be.

I walked slowly, watching his back. I was still trying to decide whether I should try to catch up, try to pursue the question of what was bothering him, when he stopped in his tracks and started walking back toward me. As they met, he cleared his throat.

"I'm sorry, Sally. Actually, I need to talk to you," Dave told me. "Can you go for coffee? Do you have time?"

"Sure," I said. "Should I go home and get my car?"

"No, I'll give you a ride," Dave said. "Come on."

*** At the coffee shop, after sprinkling a generous portion of cinnamon into my vanilla latte, I looked across the table at Dave. He was looking down into his black coffee, his forehead creased. I felt a little thrill of excitement: was he going to confide something in me?

"So, what's up?" I asked.

"I don't really know how to say this," Dave said, glancing quickly up at me and dropping his eyes. I waited, tilting my head encouragingly.

"Just tell me," I said softly.

"Okay. Tracy and I went out for dinner the other night. To Lulu's." 

I nodded. Brian and I liked Lulu's too, a Cajun restaurant with an enormous wine and beer list. We'd been there with Dave and Tracy once.

"And . . . I can hardly believe this, Sally. But we saw Brian . . . with another woman." Dave looked up at me, his brown eyes pained. "I'm so sorry."

"Are you sure?" I asked slowly, my chest tightening. "I mean, she could've been a work client or something."

Dave shook his head. "She got into his car and before they drove away . . . we saw them kissing."

I nodded and sighed, my mind racing. This was not good news. I'd figured it might happen sooner or later, but one always hopes to avoid trouble, even the inevitable. I reached across the table and patted Dave's hand, then took a deep breath.

"Don't worry, Dave. It's not what you think."

*** I thought back to the night Dave was describing. Brian and I had arrived at Lulu's a little earlier than the couple we were meeting and we had waited nervously in the crowded lobby. 

"I could use a drink," I told Brian as I looked longingly at the bar. I was always nervous meeting people for the first time. I willed myself not to pick at my newly polished nails. 

"I know," he said. "Let's just give them a little more time. It'll be easier to find them if we wait here."

"You looked at their pictures again?" I asked him.

"Yeah. I'll know them."

Brian took my hand in his, caressing it gently, then raising it to his lips to kiss. 

"You're amazing, Sally," he said. "And you look gorgeous."

I glanced down at my sexy but understated outfit: black miniskirt, high-heeled black boots, and a sheer purple lace blouse made slightly more modest by a soft black cashmere cardigan. 

"Thanks, Baby," I said. "You're the best."

I leaned against Brian's muscular chest, trying to relax. Not much time passed before Brian recognized an attractive couple, their hair and coats sprinkled with snow.

"Jeff? Janet?"

"Heyyyy," the two said, as we all four looked each other over appreciatively. "Sally and Brian?"

Jeff was about my height. He was bald and rather angular, his face warmed by kind blue eyes that shone when he looked at Janet. His smile was easy and his manner comfortable. Janet, who couldn't have been more than five feet tall, had soft red curls that cascaded over her shoulders. Her eyes, also blue, were startlingly vivid. She'd worn a black bustier that enhanced her cleavage, topped with a flirty ruffled pink cardigan that added a layer of innocence to her outfit. Her bosom looked soft and creamy, adorned by a whisper of freckles. 

Brian signaled the hostess that our entire party had now arrived, and she led us upstairs to a table. It wasn't a particularly private table, but we'd be able to have a conversation. Brian and I sat on one side of the table, with Jeff facing me and Brian facing Janet.

Brian was already hitting it off with Jeff, talking football. While the guys talked, I noticed how Janet caressed Jeff's shoulder and looked up at him adoringly, while occasionally stealing glances at Brian and me. Good, I thought. They have a strong connection. I squeezed Brian's thigh under the table, a private signal: so far so good. He squeezed back, his fingers lingering on the inside of my thigh.

The small talk carried us through the meal, leaving us relaxed and slightly buzzed from the plentiful New Orleans beer. It was Jeff who turned the conversation to more intimate matters.

"So, what are you guys into?" Jeff asked, grinning at me. I smiled coyly.

"We're game for most anything," I said, glancing at Jeff. He was gazing appreciatively at Janet, his eyes drifting downward to rest on her decolletage. "We don't usually go all the way, but we love almost anything short of that. How about you guys?"

"Well, we don't really have many boundaries," Jeff said. "We don't usually play on a first date, though."

Janet put her hand over Brian's as it rested on the table. "We have made exceptions," she purred. She looked at him, taking in his wholesome midwestern face. Blonde and blue-eyed, he looked like an advertisement for milk.

"And you guys seem exceptional," Jeff added, looking hungrily at me.

"You guys too," I said, and reached across the table to caress Jeff's hand as I put my other hand on top of Janet's and Brian's hands. I felt the hair stand up on the back of my neck as I touched Jeff. "I wouldn't mind breaking a few rules." 

"Well," Jeff said, clasping my hand in both of his, "would you guys want to come back to our place?"

Brian's hand wandered up from my inner thigh, and I felt the back of his fingers graze my pussy through her panties. I grew suddenly wet.

"Sure," I said. "Where do you guys live?"

Jeff told me the address. "But it's a little tricky to find in the dark. One of the streets you have to turn on isn't marked. We could all go in one car."

Brian shook his head. "They ticket in the lot here after two. What if we swap for the ride over?"

Janet and Jeff both grinned wickedly. "Perfect."

*** Brian and Janet had headed for our car, arms around each other, as Jeff and I had moved in the opposite direction toward Jeff and Janet's car. It was at that point, I now realized, that Dave must have seen Brian and Janet, obviously electrified with lust, as they got into the Suburban and took a moment to let their hands wander over each other's body while the car warmed up. I hadn't witnessed the two of them, but I assumed that Brian and Janet had behaved much as Jeff and I had, melting the fresh snow from the windows faster with the heat rising from our aroused bodies than the car's heater could possibly have done, oblivious to anyone who might be watching.

In the car, Jeff kissed me warmly, gently at first, then with growing urgency, his tongue tasting mine as his hands ravenously explored over my clothed body, grasping at my breasts, finding my nipples, wandering to my increasingly moist panties. I swirled my tongue against his as I caressed his shoulders, then let my hand slide down his chest and belly, briefly stroking his cock through his pants before pulling back from his kiss. 

"Should we go?" I breathed.

"Oh, yeah," Jeff whispered with a final caress of my breasts. "Definitely."

*** Brian and Janet arrived at Janet and Jeff's house as Jeff and I were climbing the steps to the side door. We all entered the house demurely, now automatically careful to avoid any suggesting touching, in case any neighbors should be watching. We all understood the dangers of what we were doing, the way that gossip among more vanilla types could turn ugly, could make our lives difficult, even cost jobs and friends. Once inside, Jeff flipped on the lights in the living room while Janet uncorked a bottle of chardonnay. 

"We can make cocktails too if you want," she offered, half turning toward me, her bustier pressing hard against her breasts and accentuating her cleavage.

"Wine is great," I said, "but you look a little uncomfortable." I moved closer to her, and started massaging Janet's shoulders, then slipped the pink cardigan from her shoulders. A light spray of freckles adorned the pale skin of each shoulder and the top of her back. I was about six inches taller than Janet, so I had to bend down to lift her thick red curls and kiss the nape of Janet's neck. Janet shivered involuntarily and leaned her head back. 

Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed that the guys were now seated on the couch, keenly watching the us. I turned slightly to ensure the their view as I unfastened Janet's bustier and dropped it to the floor, revealing Janet's firm, creamy breasts tipped by light caramel nipples. I spun Janet around to face me and, tilting her face up to mine, pressed my lips against Janet's mouth. Janet tasted sweet, her lips soft and supple against mine. Janet, flicking her tongue into my mouth, slipped my sweater off my shoulders and massaged my large breasts, rubbing my nipples with her thumbs. My nipples grew more prominent, straining uncomfortably against my bra and lace top. 

I heard the sound of a zipper being unzipped coming from the other side of the room. Gently stepping out of Janet's embrace, I took her hand and led her over to Brian. Smiling naughtily at Brian, I knelt in front of Jeff and ran my hands up and down his thighs. His erection bulged, straining against the cloth of his khakis. I drew my cheek teasingly across his crotch, and Jeff softly stroked my honey blonde hair. I breathed hotly on his bulge, waiting for him to moan before I unfastened his khakis. He stood and I pulled down his pants and boxers, freeing his cock from its prison. 

Jeff settled back on the couch, reaching for my head to pull me toward his cock, but I resisted, holding up one finger as I turned my gaze to Janet, who was still caressing Brian's member through his boxers. 

"Take off his pants," I whispered. 

After Janet complied, I turned to her, still on my knees, and embraced her again, kissing her deeply as both men began to stroke their hard cocks. I twisted one of Janet's soft, sweet nipples gently between my thumb and forefinger, my other hand lost in Janet's red curls. 

"Mmmm," Janet breathed, and she lifted my lace top. I sat on my heels and put my arms in the air like an obedient child as Janet pulled the top over my head to reveal my breasts, my nipples visible through the black lace bra. 

"Your boobs are gorgeous," Janet said, cupping them in her hands and squeezing them before unfastening my bra and unleashing my full breasts, hard nipples protruding. Janet took one of my nipples in her mouth, licking and sucking as she pulled and squeezed the other nipple. I moaned with pleasure, my hands in Janet's hair. I let my hands drop to Janet's shoulders and lifted, urging her to stand. Janet stood, allowing me to lift her skirt and remove her panties, the crotch dark with her juices. Janet was now completely naked, all of her gorgeous skin exposed, vanilla flecked generously with cinnamon. I pushed her legs apart and brought my tongue gently to her pussy. Bringing my hands to her hips, I licked her labia slowly and teasingly, feeling Janet shiver with pleasure. Parting her lips with my tongue, I licked a slow path upward through the middle of her pussy, tasting Janet's sweet nectar. I swirled my tongue gently around her clit, noticing it growing hard. Janet moaned, swaying slightly, and I pulled her back down to the floor, moving her to face Brian again. 

"Let's give them some attention," I suggested, turning to Jeff. 

Jeff's eight-inch cock was swollen and leaking pre-cum. I gripped it in both my hands, giving him a couple of pumps before leaning in and tonguing his head softly, licking precum from it. He moaned as I licked again, savoring his salty juices, before sliding him slowly into my warm, wet mouth. I moved my head up and down, letting the tip of his cock slide into the back of my throat with each slow stroke. Keeping his head in my mouth but wrapping my hands around his shaft, I lifted my eyes to Brian, his eyes glazed with pleasure as he watched Janet sucking his cock. I felt my pussy dripping from the sight of my husband in rapture. I returned my attention to Jeff, licking and sucking, feeling his cock stiff and hot inside my mouth. 

"That's it, baby," Jeff said. "Jan, you giving him good head?"

Janet looked questioningly at Brian, not taking his cock from her mouth. "Oh yeah," Brian groaned. "Fuck yeah."

Jeff grabbed my head and started moving me up and down on his cock, fucking my mouth faster. I grasped his balls lightly in one hand, bouncing them, then squeezing and pulling them gently as I sucked him. He moaned.

"I'm gonna cum," he said, and in response, I redoubled my efforts, sucking his cock and gripping his shaft harder, playing a bit more roughly with his balls. I looked up to watch his face, twisted with pleasure, as he groaned and shot cum into my mouth in a series of hot pulses. I held his slackening rod in my still mouth for a moment, letting him start to relax, then sucked softly just to watch him writhe with the intensity of the sensation. As he relaxed fully, I swallowed and turned to watch Janet.

Brian was close to cumming too; I could tell from the way he was starting to thrust his hips against Janet's mouth. Janet moved her head in a circle as she sucked him, pausing periodically to give him a couple of strokes with her hands. Now, as he thrust harder, he grabbed her head. 

"Baby, is it okay if I cum in your mouth?" he asked, his voice gravelly. 

Like me, Janet sucked harder in answer, taking the length of his cock into her mouth and throat and letting him fuck her mouth. Brian came loudly, roaring as he filled Janet's mouth. Janet swallowed and I leaned toward her, kissing her deeply, mixing the remnants of our husbands' semen in our mouths.

"Mind if we move to the bedroom?" Janet asked, and she led me by the hand, the men following behind us. 

Once in the bedroom, Janet turned to me and pulled my skirt and tights down. My boots prevented her from completely removing my tights, so I sat on the edge of the bed to unzip my boots.

"Can you put those back on in a minute?" Jeff asked.

I grinned. "Sure can." I set the boots on the floor, removed my tights and skirt, and zipped the boots back on. "Good?"

"Oh, yeah," Jeff murmured, eyeing my luxurious curves. "Real good."

I lay back on the bed, smiling seductively at Jeff as Janet bent to lick my pussy. Janet's mouth felt warm and soft, her tongue flicking at my clit as she slipped two fingers inside me to find my g-spot. 

"Oh, that's good," I purred. I rested a hand on Janet's auburn curls, caressing her head as she licked and pressed my labia softly between her lips. She worked her way up to my clit, licking so delicately I was crazy with desire to have her closer, harder against me. I felt myself growing excited more and more by the slight tongue flicks, making me ravenous for more. Janet's fingers slid out of me and her tongue slid inside, then glided up to my clit as her fingers reentered me. She licked my clit a few times, pausing between each lick, until I pulled her face insistently into my pussy. Then Janet sucked my clit slowly into her mouth, tapping it with her tongue as she sucked it rhythmically. I squirmed in ecstasy, feeling myself nearing climax.

"One more finger," I begged Janet, and instead Jeff came over, removing Janet's hand and inserting his fingers into my pussy as Janet continued sucking my clit. 

Meanwhile, Brian moved behind Janet, and kneeling on the floor, placed his face under her pussy. 

"Do what I do," he commanded, and thrusting a couple of fingers inside Janet's tight hole, he started licking and sucking wildly. 

I grabbed her breasts, rubbing my nipples as I felt myself starting to climax. Quickly, Jeff had another hand on me, massaging my breast, then tonguing and sucking my nipple. I moaned, cumming loudly, bucking my hips against Janet's mouth and Jeff's hand as I orgasmed. I moaned deeply, an animal sound, soon harmonizing with Janet's screams. 

Delicious. 

***

"So . . . you guys are swingers?" Dave asked.

I laughed. "I guess. I hate that word. But yeah."
