 The living room was comfortable, a nice couch with attractive end tables was the centerpiece of then room. The TV was turned on and Ray slipped in a movie before I could even set down. His wife Barb sat next to Ray and I sat on the other side of her. 

When the movie started, I immediately noticed it was a bi-flick. Two guys were talking to a blond gal and soon were fondling her tits and pussy, followed by her pulling out their cocks and sucking them both at once.

Ray said that his wife loved doing that, would I like to try it. I did indeed and she stripped my pants down and popped my hardening cock into her mouth in a flash.

Ray stood up and dropped his pants, pulled his cock out and pushed it into her mouth with mine. His cock was about the same as mine not to big but good and fat. That was a great feeling us both in her mouth. A hot-mouthed woman sucking my cock while it rubbed against his. I almost shot a load right then, but I held back knowing it would get better and better.

Glancing back at the movie, the two guys were now taking turns fucking the blond and she would suck them one at a time. Soon they were sticking a cock in her pussy while the other stood over them and let them both suck his cock.

Again, Ray my host asked if I liked that sort of thing. I answered that I had never done it. He told his wife to lay back and open her cunt. She opened the nice pink lips and smiled. Ray bent over to lick it a bit. After a few seconds of licking her pussy, He told me to give it a taste. I did immediately and felt my cock swell harder than it had ever been before. After I had Barb squirming a bit He moved me out of the way and told Barb to suck me. Barb put me back in her mouth. 

Ray got on her and put his hard cock into her sopping cunt in one motion. He started fucking away and then reached up to me and pulled me away from his wife. He grabbed my cock and stuck it in his own mouth while he fucked her harder with each stroke. I was a bit surprised at first, but looking at him sucking my cock was a great turn on. I had never had a guy suck me before. 

His wife was cooing about how nice he looked with a mouthful of cock. The gal on TV was just sharing a big load of cum with one of her lovers. The smaller of the two cocks had spurted on her face and the other guy was licking her lips and swapping cum with her. 

That did it! I shot a load into his mouth before I even knew what was happening! Ray started to swallow, but some ran out and Barb sat up and licked his chin clean. I had never experienced that before and was quite startled to find it so pleasing.

Looking at me, Ray said it was my turn to eat cunt if I wanted. Barb looked at me like she was begging and I told them to make room. She got on her hands and knees, shoving her ass and pussy up in the air. I slid under Barb and started eating her cunt, noisily lapping her juices. She was awfully wet. Just as I stuck my tongue up into her dripping cunt to get at some more wetness, Ray slid his cock into her and across my tongue! I was surprised, but kept sticking my tongue as far up her cunt as I could. He started ramming it in and out as I ate her juice, his balls started slapping on my face as he fucked her. 

I was suddenly shocked to realize that she was so wet because he was leaking loads of precum into her. I had been eating Ray's cock juice along with her cunt juice all along!!! 

It was a revelation! I actually loved the taste of them both together. I hungrily ate Barb and let him put more into her. Then it happened, just like the movie so long ago, in that dark theater. His cock slipped out and landed on my face. Not even thinking about it, I licked it a couple of times, gave it a good long suck, and stuck it back into her cunt. I had just become a cocksucker! Not a hard core, gay all the way cocksucker, but a cocksucker just the same. Thinking about that while I sucked a pussy full of hard cock, I figured I may as well try it again. 

I pulled his cock out of Barb and started sucking it in earnest. He moaned and mumbled He was going to cum. I put Ray's cock back into her as he shot his load. He shot a huge load, it filled her up, leaked out around the edges of his cock, covered them both with white cum. It went right into my waiting mouth as I licked them both clean. I had done it. I had fulfilled my fantasy of eating a cum and cock filled pussy. 

Moreover, I loved it. I licked them both for some time until they both rolled over. We all agreed that it was a great experience and would love to do it again. He knelt down in front of Barb and started eating Her pussy with his cum was leaking out. He declared that eating Barb out after fucking made him hard again. 

I saw that it did, his cock was growing as I watched. I decided to help it out a bit and started sucking him while Ray ate her. His cock grew bigger than before. Barb was asking for some cock so I moved in under her, and shoved my now hard cock up into her with all my might. 

He was still eating her pussy and started licking my cock as it slid in and out. Not long after that, Barb got a mouthful of his cum. She had been sucking his cock while I was fucking her and thne Ray ate us both. 

Seeing her mouth spill his semen out as she pumped his cock up and down, made me cum. With a loud moan, I shot a load into her cunt, feeling his tongue lap it up spurred me to shoot more and more until I was dry. He continued to eat Barb and as my cock softened. She finally sat up, kissed me with her wet cum covered lips and stuck some of his cum into my mouth. That surprised me but pleased me, as his cum tasted very good. 

I thanked her and kissed her deeply. After a bit to drink and eat, we again found ourselves in a passionate embrace. She expressed a desire to see us suck each other's cock. Ray told Barb we would but she would have to do something special for us. She agreed and we started eating cock. She moaned a few times as we sucked each other and we saw her fingers disappear into her sopping box. 

Ray asked if I could cum again and I told him that I could. I had never cum so many times before, three times so far and felt I could do it again and again. He sucked me off and swallowed my hot cum, then it was his turn, He pumped my mouth and filled me full of cum. I ate it all. His wife bent over to share the cum with me. After a few minutes, she announced that she needed some cock as bad as we did. Ray grinned at me and told me to help him fuck her.

Hearing that, Barb smiled Ray laid on his back on the floor and Barb mounted his cock. I had a wonderful view of it all. Seeing his cock stuck into Her made me get hard, and I couldn't resist licking on her pussy and his cock . 

I licked Her asshole and his cock for a few minutes. He told me that if I was going to fuck her, to stick it in with him. I was again surprised; I had never been this far into sharing pussy and cock before. But my lust had control and I gave his cock one last lick and moved over her. 

Pushing hard against her pussy lips and his cock, mine slid in quite easily. We started stroking and got into a rhythm of fucking. Stroking harder each time, feeling his hard cock on mine, thinking of how they had both tasted when I ate that same pussy and cock earlier, it didn't take long to feel a cum starting.

As I shot off into her cunt, feeling my cum rubbing into his cock, I felt him shudder and moan as his cock pumped cum into Barb along with mine. It was literally overflowing out onto to the floor. She was moaning that she was going to cum and she shook with multiple shudders, we all soon collapsed into a heap. 

Purring from her, sighs from both of us, feeling his cock rubbing mine inside his wife's pussy filled with our mutual cum was perfect.

What a end to a first time Bi party!!