 My man decides to plan a special surprise for me. He puts a blindfold on me and takes me somewhere not too far away in the car. When we get there he slowly undresses me and then puts me on all 4's on a park bench with my ass up and ties my hands to the bench, it's outside and I'm pretty sure it's a public place! He gives me a kiss and says enjoy baby. 

Then all of a sudden I feel more hands on me and I'm alarmed, then I feel a tongue on my pussy and hands on my tits and I get a little turned on. Pretty soon something pushes against my face and then lips and before I know it a fat cock is in my mouth. I can't believe this is happening and then the mouth is gone from my pussy and I feel two hands on my hips pulling me back a little. With no easing into it I'm instantly filled with the biggest cock I've ever felt, it makes me gasp! Now there's what feels like a new cock in my mouth and more hands on my body. I have no idea who the hell is in my pussy but it feels so good. He fucks me hard and he fills my body in a way I've never known. After several minutes of unrelenting and slightly painful bliss he is about to make me cum and I want to so bad, a few more thrusts and I do and as I cum on his cock my pussy squeezes it and all of a sudden I feel a hot squirt blast into my pussy and as his giant cock spasms it keeps shooting hot cum deep inside me. 

It must have been the disorientation and shock of the whole thing but I hadn't fully processed that a strange man was fucking me raw! I can't believe he didn't wear a condom and I really can't believe he didn't pull out! As he slides his dick out and cum drips out with it I try to say something or call for my man but another cock is being shoved in my mouth while another smacks my cheek and yet another has just replaced the one in my pussy and a little more cum dribbles out as he pushes in, he went in raw too. Whoever these guys are they waste no time in filling me up. The second guy didn't last long before i feel more hot seed gushing into my wet cunt. A few more guys so the same, the 3rd one makes me cum as does the 5th, they all finish inside me and cum is steadily oozing out of me, running down my legs and dripping on the bench.

An endless variety of cocks take turns in my mouth and their hands are all over my tits and body. A guy gets pretty aggressive in my mouth around the time the 7th or 8th guy is about to empty his balls in my pussy and just as i feel his first squirt adding to the soupy mess in my womb a salty thick rope of cum is blasted to the back of my throats and i gag as he grabs my head to hold his dick in my mouth until every drop is out. Most went straight down my throat but the gagging made me spit some out and is dripping off my chin, i can't wipe it off with my hands bound to the bench. 

I didn't even feel the rest of his orgasm in my pussy and someone new is there now. Who are these guys?! This next guy takes a long time and for a second there's no dick in my mouth, maybe they are almost done. Then a wet splat splashes across my face followed by another from the side, they had pulled out of my mouth to give me a double facial and I'm covered, i feel it dripping all over my face and even felt some hit my blindfold. The latest guy still hasn't finished and pulls out and forcefully penetrates my ass without warning, i wince in pain and i hear the other guys yell at him and then the cock is gone, thanks guys. Now i feel a wet thick sensation on my asshole, they haven't spared my ass after all they are just getting lube. 

Thankfully the first cock i feel back there is gentler than the last guy and on the small side. He slowly pumps in and out before slightly increasing tempo but he cums before he can really get going, i feel the familiar sticky warm blast now in my ass as well, my pussy is still draining out. The next guy is bigger and his girth in my ass forces a big wad of cum out of my pussy. Before he fills my ass with more jizz I've swallowed two more loads, had another facial and I'm pretty sure was made to taste my own ass off the last guys now half limp cock. 

I feel another large quantity of cum erupt into my ass before he pulls out and a big shot of jizz lazily rolls out with him and plops on the bench. Two more men take their turns each one choosing my now gaping ass since apparently my cunt is no longer as appealing and no one has been in my mouth in awhile. When i feel the last guys cock spasm and let loose a very large load and then pull out releasing more floods of cum that splash down there's a pause, no one has filled any of my holes. 

I wait for what seems like an eternity in a sticky, gooey mess with cum dropping out of every hole in my body and all over my face and then I feel it, another set of hands on me! I jump and i tense up, Are they going to fuck me forever? I've had countless orgasms and can't deny that it's felt unbelievably good in a confusing way but I'm not sure i can take any more. But then I hear my mans voice, and he asks me if I'm ready to go home. I don't say a word, he removes my blind fold and bindings and i see we are in a familiar neighborhood park in a side section that's fairly private,

But still surely someone would have seen me maybe even a neighbor, i surprise myself a bit when I realize I don't care. I see no sign of the other men, they've all vanished. He wraps a blanket around me and walks me to the car. 

I took a long hot shower at and got into bed and gave him a long kiss and whispered thank you in his ear, he replies happy birthday and kisses me one last time before I pass out with the oddest feeling of violation, satisfaction, and a bit of pride knowing I satisfied countless men all on my own. I never asked him who the men were but I've noticed a different feeling around a few of his friends and an odd familiarity with some of the men around our town...