 Frank was having a normal day. It had been a few weeks since his last go round with Chuck and Tiffany as they were had been on vacation. They had gotten together several times since their first time dominating Frank. 

Grace, Frank's wife was around for the weekend, and came into the room this Saturday morning.

"So do you have any plans this weekend, honey?"

"Not that I know of. Figured I'd just do some stuff around the house. What about you?" Frank replied. 

"Well, I made a friend a few weeks ago, and her and I had talked about going out shopping and grabbing a few drinks, if that is okay with you."

Frank didn't mind some alone time, "yeah, that's fine."

"Ok, thanks. I'm going to go ahead and start getting ready."

An hour and a half later she came down the stairs all made up. Her hair was done, and down flowing beautifully over her shoulders. Her v-neck dress accented her large c cup breasts, and dropped nicely over her perky ass. He couldn't tell if she was wearing a thong or not, but he was guessing she was.

"You look nice."

"Well I can't look like a slouch going out with a new friend. Jealous?"

"I always am, you know that," Frank chuckled.

"Good."

And on that note, out the door she went, peeking back in, "depending I may be a little late getting back..."

"Ok babe."

Grace was going to meet her friend so they could drive together. She pulled in to the superstore parking lot and saw her friend was already there. 

Tiffany was dressed up as well. Her long legs were barely covered from her short white spring dress. She wore leather Sandals and her curly red hair shone in the sun. "You look really good, Grace," Tiffany smiled as she approached. 

"Thanks. You too! Not often I have a good reason to get dressed up."

"Well since we have the whole day, let's make it worth it, and start it right. You want to go to grab a glass of wine real quick? I'll drive..."

"Sure, sounds good to me."

"Great. Makes the shopping more fun. Plus I'm sure my husband is probably starting a few drinks himself."

"Mine too."

They pulled up to a small bistro, went inside, and ordered two glasses of wine.

While sipping, Tiffany looked at grace, "I'm glad we were able to get out together. I always enjoy getting some girl time and I just don't get it as much as I'd like."

"I know, same here. To be honest I can't say I tend to like most women. It always seems to get all catty.."

"Yeah. I get that too."

"So usually I just hang out with my husband and his friends."

"I haven't heard much about your husband..." Tiffany smiled

"Oh, he's great. He's a pretty down to earth guy," grace said as she pulled up a photo on her phone.

"Oh, he's cute," Tiffany responded, "this is my hubby," as she pulled up a photo. 

Grace saw the large attractive man in the pic with Tiffany, "you make a good looking couple."

"Thanks, we do all right. He's a man, so you know how that is. He thinks his big dick makes up for everything else he doesn't do..." She laughed.

Grace just laughed along, unsure of how to respond.

They continued talking until their glasses were empty, paid the bill and took off to their first store destination.

After a few stores, Tiffany suggested they go get another round of drinks. There was a small pub in the shopping center, so they went in. 

Tiffany ordered a cranberry and vodka and Grace ordered a martini. 

Again they chatted about random things like interests and home life. 

"If you don't mind, I would love to stop by the lingerie store next. Pick up something to make the man glad I went shopping," Tiffany said. 

"For sure. It's always nice getting a girls opinion."

"Absolutely! My husband loves lingerie."

"Mine too. I can't say I have a big collection."

"I tend to be a bit of a collector, but Chuck and I are all about changing it up in the bedroom a little. Got to spice it up sometimes."

"Yeah, we get a little wild, but the lingerie is so expensive these days" grace grumbled.

Finishing the first, they decided to have another since it was girls day and they had the whole day.

"The other problem I have is most places don't make lingerie for my body type. It's either your build, no offense, or nothing. It's hard to find support for these things," Grace said cupping her breasts.

"Sometimes I wish I had boobs like yours though. I don't have much there in the way of boobs."

"I wish I had boobs like yours. These things start to hurt your back after a while."

"If only we could trade, right?" Tiffany laughed. "My husband would love to be to get a handful of breasts sometimes. It's drive him wild."

"My husband says he likes them, but I'm pretty sure it'd be a turn on for him to have a slender girl with a perky little chest." 

"I'm sure he likes them just fine. What man doesn't like boobs!" Tiffany giggled.

The second drink came to an end for each, they paid, and began their stroll to the lingerie store. 

As they shuffled through the store, Tiffany looked across the island of bras and panties at Grace, "ooo, I bet these would look good one you," she said as she held up a pair of white panties and bra with a small amount of see-through lace. 

"I don't know, you think so?"

"Try them on, it can't hurt. Trust me, I've got an eye for these things."

Grace took the matching set and went back to the changing room. As she stepped in, Tiffany slipped in behind her. Grace felt a little awkward having not known Tiffany that long. 

Sensing some tension, Tiffany spoke up, "don't worry, it's not like I haven't seen it all before."

Grace still turned around to pull her dress over her head. Before she got any further she felt Tiffany's hands trailing the strap of her bra and undoing it. Grace said nothing, chalking it up to te alcohol.

Grace then put the bra on and before she could do anything else, Tiffanys fingers gently traced over the edge of her panties and began inching them down her thighs. Her fingers grazed slowly across her skin taking her time before helping Grace lift each foot and step out. Grace cooed a little by accident, and immediately felt nervous about how that might be taken, but with those drinks and the gentle caress of soft hands he couldn't help herself. Almost in response, Tiffany grabbed the other panties and began helping Grace put those on, once again taking her time. As she pulled them snug against Grace her index and middle finger fell, and brushed across grace's vagina, making her stir. Grace, once again, was nervous knowing that her swollen lips were hard to hide. Between the drinks and the touching she couldn't help that her pussy was warm and wet. Her breathing paused for a second, and then she tried to brush it off again.

"Those look really sexy from the backside," Tiffany blurted as she ran her fingers along the edge of the panties on the back. "You should turn around and let me see!"

Grace turned around blushing, and Tiffany cupped her breasts in the bra, "God I wish I had these, they fill this so nicely. Well you better take those off and us find some more or I'm going to get all hot just looking at you modeling them." 

They both giggled and after redressing went back in to the store. 

Shortly after Tiffany picked up a set, "Oooo" showed them to Grace, grabbed her hand, and pulled her back into a dressing room again. Tiffany quickly shed all her clothing. Grace couldn't help but look her up and down admiring her firm little tits with small nipples pointing to attention, her firm abs, and slender physique. "You are so beautiful." 

"A www..." Tiffany said then pulled Grace in and gave her a kiss on the cheek, "thanks. "

She slid the outfit. "What do you think?"

Grace looked her over, without trying to be too obvious, "I think that would definitely get him going."

"They're men, I could dress up in a chicken outfit and they'd will get turned on. But do you think it's sexy?" Tiffany turned around a few times then stuck one finger against her lip and ran the other down her stomach and dipped her fingers just under the waist band.

"Yes," Grace blurted out, and then second guessed her response. She thought to herself, "what am I doing? Why am I so turned on..."

Tiffany grinned as if reading her mind, "don't be so uptight, it's perfectly natural to get turned on by another woman in lingerie... It doesn't have to mean anything. The body is a strange thing."

Grace just smiled, "I guess so..." 

After a few repeats of the changing room exploits, they purchased their underwear and decided to go grab a few more drinks.

Having made their way through a few rounds both girls were finding themselves pretty toasty.

"After all this I'm due for a good fucking...but I'm still good for a couple more rounds before that." Tiffany exclaimed

"Oh god me too."

"Yeah? I noticed you couldn't help getting a little worked up as I helped you. It's ok, it happens to me too. Have you ever been with a girl before?"

"Uhh..." Gracie uncertain how she should respond hoping Tiffany hadn't noticed how horny she was by it all, but it was too late now, " uh, no. I mean my husband an I fantasize sometimes but.."

"Yeah, you should try it sometime. Women are so much more in tune with.."

Grace cut her off, " well, I'm married, and ..."

Tiffany cut back in, "I'm sure it would turn on your husband none the less, and it isn't really cheating if it's another girl...either way. "

Silence ensued for a little bit. Tiffany, being unrelenting asked, "so does it go both ways. Does your husband ever fantasize about doing with a guy?"

"Not that I know of. I mean he likes me fingering his ass, and I've used a strap on on him..." She caught herself. She typically would never share this stuff, the drinks most be getting to her. 

Again Tiffany sensed uneasiness, "hey, it's ok. That's why you need a girl you can talk about this stuff to, I won't tell anyone. I know my husband gets pretty turned on by the idea of it. Sometimes I have him suck on a dildo and pretend it's another guy. I think most guys get off on the thought, whether they'll admit it or not."

"I guess I could see that being the case."

"I bet you it is. For some guys they even have this size fetish, where they get all worked up by the idea of men with cocks bigger or smaller than theirs. It's kind of weird given how sensitive they all are about it."

"that is strange. I didn't know that was a thing," Grace replied.

"Trust me, it is. So is your man pretty good in the sack? And honestly, you don't have to tell me, but it's more fun if you do," Tiffany laughed trying to loosen Grace up.

"Hey I can't complain. He gets me off more often than not."

"Wish I could say the same. My hubby gets me off and all, but he thinks just because he has a big piece that he doesn't have to work at it," they both laughed, "is your hubby well endowed?"

Grace thought, fuck it, and said, "he's average-ish. He's not huge, but definitely not small. He's got this upward curve that tends to always hit my spots when I ride him though. He definitely works at it, which makes me a happy girl." 

"I imagine, so how big? Cmon, humor a drunk girl that likely won't remember anyways."

"He's around 6 1/2-7" if he's really turned on."

"Is it thick?" 

Grace could feel her panties getting soaked through. She wasn't sure why talking with Tiffany about this was such a turn on, but it was. "Well, no, it isn't pencil thin, but it's definitely more long than fat. Don't get me wrong, I'm completely satisfied with it..."

"Hey, I get it. As I said, sometimes the big ones leave you hanging and aching to boot."

Grace was afraid to ask, but her hormones got the best of her, "so how big is your man's?" She asked trying not to sound too interested. 

"It's pretty large. 8 1/2 maybe and about as thick as my wrist..."

Grace's eyes got wide thinking about it...

Tiffany seeing her reaction, "it's okay to think about it. All girls get curious about how a different one would be. Especially when they've been with the same guy for a while. Nothing to be ashamed of. Plus we are girls, we understand..."

"Yeah, I don't want to come across wrong, but damn that's big. "

"While he lacks in the effort department and doesn't always get me off, I do have to say I love the feeling of that log stretching me out and filling me up." Tiffany leaned in and whispered to Grace as her hand gently rested on grace's thigh. "I just love that full feeling." Her hands began massaging back and forth on Grace's thigh, and Grace was getting too toasty to think about resisting.

"Does it turn you on that he thinks about being with a guy?" Grace asked genuinely curious.

"Fuck yes. There is something so hot about two guys fucking around. I don't know if it's the idea of watching one submit to the other, or if it's just the thought of two hot men putting on a show. But either way it really gets me off. "

"Yeah, I guess it would be pretty hot. I don't think it's something either of us would go through with, but it isn't a bad image to have in my head."

"you're telling me! For example, see those guys over there. Imagine they just stripped down and starting slurping at each other's dicks, or that blonde their was laid back with legs above his head being drilled.i think it's the sense of them being so vulnerable that turns me on." Tiffany said glancing across the room at two guys at the bar.

"Yeah, we got to stop or I'm going to be swimming in my own underwear," Grace said having lost all her inhibitions by now. 

Tiffany leaned in again, her hand now very dedicated to sliding up Graces dress, slid around the inside of her thigh a few inches below her slit and squeezed. Grace let out a moan, but tried to act thrown off. Tiffany still leaned in and whispered in her ear, "I don't mind that." Tiffany then grabbed Grace's hand and pulled it between her legs so she could feel how wet Tiffany was. "I'm feeling the same way." Tiffany then lightly kissed and ran her tongue down Graces neck.

Grace pulled back, "this is so wrong, I can't do this..."

"Ok, I'm sorry... I just got carried away... Please don't let this make this awkward..."

"It's ok, it felt good, it felt great in fact. I just, what would my husband..."

"I understand."

The subject changed. They chatted about a lot of things for a while.

Grace looked over at Tiffany in thought for a second. Tiffany caught the thoughtful look, "what?"

"I was wondering if you were okay to drive? I just really noticed how drunk I am and figured you have to be pretty drunk yourself..."

"I'm definitely on my way. I can call us a cab. I'm sure my husband can bring me back tomorrow to get the car. " 

"Ok, if you want to. If we are calling a cab, we could order another."

"Sounds good to me." Tiffany said. There was an inkling in her mind that this was an invite. If Grace was too concerned she would cut the drinks and called her husband or a cab, Tiffany reasoned in her mind. 

"If we are going that route might as well make it count. Let's get shots."

Grace's eyes lit up, "oh god that sounds like trouble... But hell, sure."

And two shots later...

Tiffany had leaned against Grace at the booth and Grace was doing the same back as they laughed. "Fuckin shit, we should totally do this more often." Tiffany laughed

"I'm all for that. Girls need to stick to it." 

"Do you mean together?"

"I don't even fuckin know what I was..." Then a moment hit where their eyes met. Tiffany took this as an opportunity and slid her hand back up Grace's thigh and kissed her.

Grace kissed back, sucking at the tip of Tiffanys tongue like it was a sour candy. They held their mouths together as their tongues danced, peeking into the depths, hiding, and returning in a playful game of red rover of the oral cavity. Tiffany could feel Grace's hands gently cupping her right breast as ecstasy overtook them.

Tiffany pulled back just enough to creep her mouth back up to Grace's ear, "let's call that cab now."

A breathy "yesss" is all that escaped Grace's mouth before their lips were locked again. After a few moments Tiffany managed to actually call the cab.

The whole ride consisted of a combination of kissing, fondling, and drunken giggles. The cab pulled up to Tiffany's house. 

Between deep kisses, Tiffany said," you don't have to, but I'd love it if you'd come in. I mean, I can pay the cab home for you or I can call one later, but you are also stay. Chuck said he was probably going to be out all night with a friend and probably crash there."

Grace simply leaned in and began kissing Tiffany again in response. Tiffany took hold of her hand, and pulled her out the door as she threw money at the driver. Leading Grace to the door, she pushed her back against it, grabbing her left breast firmly and sliding her hands across her hip. They stopped for a second to get the keys and open the door, before Tiffany pushed her inside and then up against the inside wall, slipping the door shut with her foot. 

Their hands working in unison like well perfectly timed machines prying off clothing and tossing it to the floor that seemed to disappear beneath their feet.

The adrenaline drove Grace's pulse up. She felt daring, out of body, living in someone else's moment. She was just trapped in the embodiment of another woman's fantasy, feeling her thoughts, feeling the tingle of her skin, the loss of control; saliva forming at the edges of her mouth when not meeting another. A warmth rose through her core, as gentle strokes and caresses hovered across the tiny hairs on every inch of skin. Foot by foot they made their way down the hall reflecting off walls in heated passion until Tiffany pushed her down on the bed.

Tiffanys mouth grazed across Grace's skin down her collar bone, her tongue flicking across each nipple as they jumped to attention. "You are so fuckin delicious,"Tiffany gasped before trailing her lips down Grace's stomach.

Bluish grey eyes never unlocked from Grace's as soft hands separated her legs and moist lips drew in her little clit, sucking at it, flipping a tongue over the very tip, engaging her being. She wiggled and writhed to the incredible sensation moaning as he lost control of her senses. 

"That feels so fuckin good" Grace exclaimed.

Only more sucking sounds came in reply.

Tiffany could feel the muscles in Grace's legs tighten, and pull into her. She could tell she was getting Grace close. Pulling herself up, she stepped away from the bed and opened a drawer pulling out a red dildo and returned to the bed. She kissed Grace who was still catching her breath from the intensity she felt in her groin. 

Grace could taste herself on Tiffany's lips. She had never thought she would be turned on by the smell of her own pussy, but right now her body told her otherwise.

Tiffany climbed on top of Grace, slipping the dildo between them and setting it to a medium vibration setting. Her hips rocked back and forth over Grace's. 

"Oh, do you like that against your little clit? You like being a my little slut?" Tiffany goaded. 

Grace's moaned, "yes!"

Their juices were mixing between their skin, both creating puddles on Grace's midsection from their elation. 

Tiffany hunched, grabbed on to Grace, and began tightening her grip "ohhhh fuck!" Her body convulsed, "I'm cumming!" Grace lost her control as well and mimicked Tiffany as she too orgasmed. A brief pause, of catching breaths, and then collapse. Tiffany fell to Grace's side while continuing to kiss Grace's neck. 

Her hand then wrapped around the back of Grace's head, grabbing her by the hair and pulling her down, "I want you to suck that wet pussy!" Grace was surprised by the sudden forcefulness of her friend, and that seemed to have an arousing effect. Grace's' began sucking vigorously at Tiffany's clit. Her clit was more pronounced and was easy to pull in to her lips and flick her tongue across. Tiffany's hand pressed her head into her moist vagina. 
