 -------------------------------------------------------- 

This work is copyrighted to the author © 2009. Please don't remove the author information or make any changes to this story. All rights reserved. Thank you for your consideration. 

--------------------------------------------------------

********************************** 

Erectile dysfunction can be a real problem at an orgy. (MMF, bi, oral, orgy) 

**********************************

My wife and I had a big fight last month. We'd fought about the same things before, but this time it changed my life forever. I was on her again about spending too much money. She was mad at me for working long hours and not being interested in sex when I got home. We were both right. She was spending more than I made and running up the charge card. I was wrung out and cranky and managed to work up some enthusiasm for sex about only once a month or so. We'd been married a little over a year, and neither one of us was enjoying it much.

Anyway, we fought more than usual that night, and I just needed some air. Driving around, I spotted a bar on the edge of town and went in for a drink or two. That's all I wanted: a couple of drinks. I was not looking for sex. I was almost never looking for sex.

Even before I walked into the bar - when I saw all the motorcycles in the parking lot -- I could sense that it was not the kind of place where a well-dressed young guy (I was 23) was going to fit in. Every other customer in the place - and there seemed to be 10 or 12 in the small tavern -- was dressed like he belonged to some sort of motorcycle gang.

They all looked to be in their 30's and 40's. Actually, there were one or two women there, too, but they were clearly with the guys, and weren't any younger, or cleaner. These were big, chunky guys, too. Some of them looked pretty fat, and others were hard muscled and bulked up like weightlifters. I'm only five foot seven and weigh 125 dripping wet, little of it muscle. There wasn't a man in the place under five ten, and they were all 200 pounds at least.

At the same time, while I was obviously out of place, I had no reason to feel uncomfortable. I mean, I didn't get any menacing glares or anything. In fact, everybody pretty much ignored me for quite a while. Once in a while I thought I sensed that people were talking about me, but that was probably just my imagination. I did seem to be getting looked at a lot, but again there were no menacing stares or anything. It was almost like they'd never seen anyone clean and well-dressed before! Or, I smiled to my own joke, thin.

The bartender was an older black man of about 60. He kept pouring me drinks and didn't say much. I was on my third drink and beginning to really relax when Ray - the name was embroidered on his jacket - sat next to me and asked how I was doing. He seemed friendly at first, so I chatted with him for a few minutes. By then I was starting to get a strange vibration off of him, like he was talking with me as sort of a joke or something.

Maybe his friends had dared him to come? Too many other people were watching us quietly for the scene to be 100% normal. I began to suspect that he was jerking my chain, and started to watch my words a little bit. I wasn't sure if he was setting me up for a joke, or playing with my mind, but I felt awkward.

Unfortunately, the way I handled my discomfort was to drink more than I should have. Within another 20 minutes or so, during which a friend of Ray's sat down with us, I was working on drink #6 and getting a bit buzzed.

Ray and Pete announced that one of the women was going to "pull a train" in the back room, and would I like to watch? I really, really, didn't want to say the wrong thing, but watching some skanky broad get gang-banged on a pool table was both revolting and appealing at the same time.

What was the right answer? Was I supposed to say thanks but no thanks, and get out of their club now? Or was I supposed to be "one of the guys?" The whole scene still seemed not real, and the way Ray and Pete exchanged glances with each other while chatting with me had me feeling like some sort of insect under a magnifying glass. These two guys were studying me much harder than made sense.

Pete put his left arm around my shoulders, leaned in close, and said "don't worry, Cherry-boy; she doesn't bite." He laughed a little and said that I could watch Delores get fucked by the whole group, or leave in the middle. "Hang loose, man...." I wasn't wild about being taunted with the nickname he'd hung on me, but I wasn't sure what to do about it.

"Yeah, man," said Ray. "Come on back and watch some hard fuckin'!" Ray put his right hand on my left thigh and gave me a friendly squeeze. 

What was the matter with me? These guys couldn't have been friendlier, and I was getting all tense and tight-assed. I reached for another drink as I got up from the bar and went into the back room with Ray and Pete.

Everyone else was already there. The room had couches along two walls, a pool table in the middle, and even dimmer lighting than the main bar. As my eyes adjusted I saw both women had taken their jackets and t-shirts off and were bare-chested next to the table, kissing each other feverishly. I had no idea which one was Delores. All of the guys in the room except Ray and Pete and I had fired up a joint. Ray lit one up for himself and somebody I didn't know handed joints to Pete and me.

The marihuana cigarettes glowed in every corner of the room, and I stood where I'd come in, with Pete's arm still around my shoulders, and began to mellow out. By the time I finished my second joint I was slipping in and out of reality in cycles.

The first real sex I noticed was when I opened my eyes after nodding off for a few seconds and saw the redheaded woman naked on the floor on her hands and knees, getting fucked at both ends by guys who hadn't taken their clothes off; they'd just dropped their trousers. So the redhead was Delores. I wondered briefly what had happened to the blond. Several other guys were naked and had enormous erections, so I figured they were the next team.

I was wrong. Ray and Pete loudly announced that "Cherryboy's next!"

The redhead hadn't seemed to even know I existed until then. She still had one guy's 8-inch rod between her lips as he knelt in front of her, and she was slurping it like mad. His dick looked big and thick to my inexperienced eyes. I hadn't ever seen many boners other than my own. The guy doing her pussy from behind had shot his own load a few seconds ago and withdrew his even larger penis as Pete spoke. I stared in awe at the ten inches of slimy cock that he withdrew from Delores's cunt. It dangled between his legs as he sat back on his haunches and savored his orgasm.

I had only seen a few other guys naked growing up - locker rooms and such - but had never seen any other man's dick when it was erect. The dicks I'd seen in gym locker rooms, even though they'd all been pointing at the ground, had clued me in to the fact that most guys had bigger dorks than I did, but this fellow's pole- like penis was a revelation! My own cock was about 5 inches long, max, when I had a woodie.

I'd long suspected that "real men" hoisted 6 or 7 inchers. But ten? Jesus, what a cock that guy was fondling. It not only glistened in the dim light with the redhead's slimy cunt-juice all over it, but it was still leaking cum as he stroked it. Lots of cum. I was drifting in and out again, so I was not aware that, by the time I turned my attention back to the red headed woman I was scheduled to hump any moment, everyone else had noticed me staring intently at the naked penises around the room.

I also had not noticed, in my haze, that Ray and Pete had gotten me a long way towards getting my clothes off. My shirt was completely unbuttoned and my belt was loose. They helped me take off my shirt, and then slip out of my trousers, as they moved me towards Dolores, the sperm-loaded redhead still on the floor in front of me. Somebody handed me another drink, which I gulped down without a thought. I was feeling no pain as I was pushed down on the floor next to Delores and all the guys started urging her to "pop Cherry-boy's cherry".

She kissed me clumsily and laid me back flat on the floor. She tugged my pants off of my ankles and even removed my underpants so that I was, like her, completely naked. She then crawled up over me and kissed me some more, while rubbing the front of her body all over the front of mine.

My brain was on fire - I'd never been in so erotic a situation before - and I kissed her back passionately. I grabbed at her breasts and thrust my loins up at hers. This was going to be a blast, I thought, just before my mind wandered off somewhere else again for a few seconds. Good grass.

When I focused on Delores again, she had turned around so that we were in a 69 position. I felt one of her hands on my dick, and her lips nuzzling my pubic region, but I did not seem to have much sense of feeling in my dick, and I feared I wasn't getting much of an erection. Somewhere off to the side I realized I was being laughed at by the unimpressed onlookers:

"Cherry-boy's a needle dick, isn't he, Ray?"

"Delores isn't going to get much out of that limp- dicked sissy, is she?"

"Yo, Delores, your clit's bigger than his dicky dicky. You better suck a lot harder if you want to get fucked this week!"

I suddenly wished I was somewhere else. This was supposed to be every man's ultimate sexual fantasy, being part of a dirty gang fuck, but I was buzzed from the joints and drunk and my southern regions were not joining in the fun. The rug on the floor was rough and dirty against my back and a room full of strange men, some naked, were standing over me fondling their penises and getting ready to join my grope. Maybe I could speed this up and get it over with.

Delores was doing her damnedest to get my mojo working, but I needed something more. I tilted my head up and started munching on her cunt. I normally love performing oral sex on my wife, and experience told me this was likely to wake up my cock. Lord knows Delores liked the idea: the moment she felt me licking her slot she opened her legs and fairly sat on my face. I heard her moaning in delight as I licked further and further into her pussy.

The fellow with the dick twice the size of mine had loaded her with cum, and I was getting a taste of sperm with every move she made. Even while the thought occurred to me that I was drinking another man's dick juice, I realized that no cunt had ever tasted this good before, and I licked and slurped with increased passion. Delores noticed, too, and pushed herself up on her arms and wriggled her cunt all over my face. She was close to cumming, though I couldn't know that, and she had abandoned any pretense of being interested in my penis, which lay small and worm-like between my legs as she moaned her pleasure.

A black biker who had been pulling his pants off for the last few minutes suddenly stood at my ankles and told Delores to "suck a real cock, Delores!" She raised up her shoulders, grabbed his ass and slid his dark pole into her mouth with genuine enthusiasm. He had one foot on the floor on each side of my feet, and with my legs now immobilized and Delores' more upright position putting more and more weight on my mouth, I couldn't move.

Pete announced that he wanted some pussy even if I didn't, and approached the redhead from behind. I could see him standing over me as I peered up through the woman's crotch and behind her ass-cheeks. He dropped his pants and pulled out a colossal dick of his own, easily 9 inches long and as thick as my wrist.

"Kneel down, Andy," barked Pete to his black friend, "I want to get her pussy up where I can reach it."

The black guy knelt where he'd been standing and Delores didn't take her mouth off his dick for a second - as he went down, her head went right down with him, and her pussy lifted slightly from my sperm-slick lips. Meanwhile, Pete had knelt right behind Delores and now had a knee at each of my ears. His shiny penis swayed right over my face as he slowly began to drill it into Delores' very, very wet cunt-lips. It looked like I wasn't going anywhere for a while.

I had no idea what Delores' mouth and the big black dick were doing, but Pete and I sure had no secrets. Delores raised her snatch just a bit off of my face and that was all the room Pete needed. His beautiful dick was sliding slowly in and out of the slut's pussy just inches over my own upturned face.

In fact, his large furry balls were dragging back and forth across my face on each stroke. Our audience was really starting to get into the spirit of things now, urging Andy to "blow her tonsils out with that black dick of yours, Smokey," and telling Pete to "give Cherry-boy some more sperm to lick up!"

"See what a real man's dick looks like, Short-stuff?" sneered Pete. "That little girly dick of yours can't compare to this tool, can it?"

One thing that surprised at the time was how much I enjoyed looking at Pete's cock. It was much bigger than mine, and looked like it would explode any minute it was so hard. It glistened slightly in the dim light. It was perfectly shaped with a thick shaft and a plum- sized head. Why was I so entranced by this heavily- veined penis moving back and forth just inches from my face?

I was uncomfortable about not knowing what was going to happen this evening, but at the same time I kind of liked being surrounded by all these men who no longer seemed to expect me to perform for them. Now that I was just a spectator, I was enjoying looking at everybody else's crotches, with nothing demanded of me. I didn't have to fuck anybody tonight, it was turning out, but I would get to experience a lot of other people fucking. This could be fun, and at least I had a good view of the action!

Suddenly Pete stiffened and jammed his dick as far into Delores' pussy as he could possible go. He twitched a few times and then was still. "Didja feel that load, Delores?" he boasted. "I'll bet I just pumped more come between your legs than anybody ever did!" "Needledick here likes to drink cum from your pussy. Time to feed him again!"

And he very slowly withdrew his cock, which shined wetly in the light, and let it fall from her cunt onto my face. Carefully, while holding my head where it was with his knees, he slid his slimy dick around all over my cheeks and mouth. "Didja like that, short-stuff?" "Feel my cock on your fuzzy pink cheeks?" The smell of their coupling was driving me nuts with passion even though my penis STILL wouldn't get erect. The stink of sex was all over my face and other than the taunts and the ridicule, I might have enjoyed this once-in-a- lifetime sexual marathon.

Delores lowered her sperm-drenched pussy to my mouth again as Pete made fun of me some more. "Suck my load out, Sissy-boy. You can't fuck, but you suck jism like a champ! I'll be hard again in a minute, and maybe we can cut out the middleman. Bet you'd like that, wouldn't you?"

I didn't know it, but Andy had long since pumped an enormous load of his sperm down Delores's gullet, and another man had moved into place for his blowjob. Because she was sitting up almost straight again, wriggling her crotch around all over my face, he needed to move forward to get his pole of flesh into her waiting lips. My legs were in his way, and he sort of kicked at my feet and ankles.

I was in a dream world of my own, still staring at Pete's dick hanging over my head as his sperm poured into my mouth from the girl's cunt-lips. I wasn't sure why someone was trying to move my legs or what they wanted, but I reflexively drew them up so my heels were closer to my buttocks and my knees were bent. That suited the guy just fine. He knelt down to bring his dick closer to Delores' mouth, and he took my knees in his big hands and lifted them up even higher so he could get his knees in close to my ass and feed Delores her next meal.

There I was naked on the floor of the back room of a roadside bar. A whore I'd never spoken to was flooding my mouth with the spunk of the second man she'd fucked that night. I'd drunk as much jism as she had, though she had another big dick in her mouth and would undoubtedly move ahead of me in that competition pretty soon. I guy I couldn't see was lifting my legs up and exposing my pale white ass cheeks to a room full of very, very horny guys. And, between the sex, the drugs, and the booze, I wasn't minding as much as one might think being turned into a sexual centerpiece by a gang of horse-dicked thugs.

Pete moved aside, reluctantly I thought, and another penis came into view over my face. This baby was black, uncircumcised, about 8 inches long, and dripping pre- cum in anticipation of either the redhead's cunt or my face, it wasn't clear which. It turned out to be Delores, because he rubbed his foreskin back and forth on my lips for only a few seconds before ordering me to lick her pussy while he fucked her. I'd only gotten a few drops of his pre-cum on my tongue, but I realized I liked the flavor. I wondered fleetingly if black cum tasted different than white guys'.

Licking the redhead's pussy while she fucked somebody was harder than I thought. At first I tried to keep my tongue out of the way as that beautiful uncut black shaft slipped into her now-swampy fuck-hole. Most of the time I kept tonguing her clit as he slowly slid in and out, but every once in a while they'd move slightly and I found myself tenderly licking the underside of his very tasty cock. After a few minutes I began to get into the spirit of things again, and I didn't care so much whose organs I was licking. Her red-haired cunt and his warm black dick tasted exactly the same.

Pete hadn't gone far, and he cheered me on. "I knew he was a pussy! Lick Roger's dick, you cocksucker. We're all going to fuck YOU before the night is over, you dickless faggot!"

This talk was turning me on more than it was frightening me. Somehow this most unnatural scene was beginning to feel very natural. I enjoyed being mocked for my small dick, I enjoyed having my mouth used as a receptacle, and I enjoyed most of all being, with Delores, the center of so much sexual attention.

Ray smiled as someone off on the side yelled, "Skippy's gonna pull HIS first train tonight!"

Some of the other guys moved in closer, and out of the corner of my eyes I saw someone reach towards my body. I felt someone twisting my right nipple and someone else fondling my still-limp penis. Another hand was stroking my ass cheeks.

"We're all gonna fuck you tonight, little girl," mumbled another black biker, as he ran his hands over my stomach. "And maybe if you're lucky I'll fuck you twice...."

I didn't expect what happened next. Delores quietly raised herself slightly from my face, let the still- loaded dicks slip from both ends, and announced that she thought she was going to throw up. And then she was gone, racing for the bathroom over in the corner where, leaning over the bowl, she puked all the booze she'd guzzled before the party started.

This happened so fast, and with so little warning, that the big guy whose penis had been bumping her throat looked down at me in puzzlement. He still had my legs in his hands, a colossal hard on, and nowhere to go. Roger's uncut joint was lying on my face oozing cum and twitching like mad. I briefly imagined how neat that must have looked, his shiny black penis rubbing all over my pale pink face.

Then Roger suddenly noticed that, while I was still licking his dong, Delores wasn't coming back and my mouth was suddenly free. I shouldn't have been so surprised when he started poking the end of his foreskin between my lips. I was very surprised that I loved it, and began to suck him as well as I could in my upside-down position.
