 Guy orders a couple from a masseuse service

I am a 27-year-old bisexual Indian guy living in Canada. This story is about an adventure I had a few months ago and involves both straight and gay experiences. I hope you enjoy it :)

I am an engineer, and I started a technology company in Canada a year or two ago. Things had been going really well, and after the money started flowing in I decided to take a vacation and I booked myself for a 3 week stay at a resort in Bangkok Thailand. I planned to stay there and fly out to other parts of the region for shorter trips at a time.

As mentioned before, I am of Indian origin, although I grew up around the world. I have a dark, hairy body, a boyish face, and a lean average build - I am also quite short at 5'4. I love sex and kink and except for a few hard limits, I love depraved, dirty and shameless fucking.

After landing in Bangkok and checking into the resort, I spent the first few days sight seeing and soaking up the sun at the beach. I was content to just relax, unwind and forget about everything for a while. The resort staff were extremely accommodating and waited on my every request with complete dedication - I was after all, paying top dollar. So by the 4th or 5th day I had become very comfortable. It was then that I asked the concierge directly to recommend a high-end full body massage service. I emphasized that I wanted a place where the girls were treated well. The concierge of course handled my request discreetly and immediately. He gave me a number and told me that I could call and have them send someone to my resort villa directly. I tipped the man and dialed.

A friendly female answered the phone. I said that I was looking for a full body massage. The lady on the other end told me that there were a few girls free this evening, at which point I interrupted her and asked if I could have a couple massage me. She misunderstood me and thought I wanted two girls, so I had to correct her and ask for a man and a woman. Without skipping a beat she said that was no problem and asked me what I wanted. I ask for a pair in their twenties and both short. I gave my details, negotiated rates and then laid back to wait.

About 1 hour later I heard a knock on my door. My heart beating hard, I let in a Thai girl and guy. They bowed and smiled and introduced themselves with their English names. The girl was Kelly and the guy was Jack. I bowed and thanked them for coming. I gave them drinks and we all sat around and got a little comfortable with each other. They asked me questions and I asked them questions. It was clear that I was much better off than them and they were a little in awe of me and my exciting life. That in turn made me act very dominant and gave me confidence in what I was about to do. 

I told them that I was looking forward to the massage and Jack told me that they would do anything I wanted. It was clear that "massage" at this point really didn't mean anything. I started to get less nervous and I felt my cock stirring. I told them that I wanted us to all shower together and get clean.

Kelly had the classical Thai look - brown skin, black hair, 5 feet tall, lean and somewhat curvy. She was wearing a white tank top and a pair of tan shorts. Jack was about my height, with cropped hair and dark skin - darker than Kelly. He was wearing a tight t-shirt and black shorts that revealed mildly hairy legs.

They smiled and nodded and Kelly came up to me and started to unbutton my shirt while Jack started undressing himself. He slipped off his briefs and I guessed his dark brown cock would be about 6 inches when hard - like me. As Kelly helped me out of my shirt she ran her fingers through my chest hair and we all laughed about how much hairier I was than Jack. 

My hands were wandering over Kelly's hips and cupped her medium sized breasts over her top. They felt firm and my fingers felt for her nipples. She smiled, completely submissively, and I moved one hand down and over the material of her shorts between her legs. I could feel the warmth of her pussy. She spread her legs a little to give my fingers access and looked at me for approval.

After my shirt was off, she started to undo my belt but I held her neck in a light choke and forced her down. She didn't resist and obediently got on her knees to continue working on my belt. After my shorts slipped off and my erection sprang out, I held her chin with one hand and used the other to rub my cock on her face gently. The pre-cum oozing from the head smeared on her cheeks but she did not protest. I kicked off the pants and ushered Jack over who had been watching with a growing erection. 

He came over and stood next to me and we were now two naked guys standing over Kelly, still fully clothed. Jack rubbed his cock on her face too, and she opened her mouth with her tongue out inviting us to use it. I went first as I held her head and face fucked her for a bit. At this point we hadn't showered yet, so I was still quite sweaty, and being unshaved I enjoyed knowing that Kelly was tasting and smelling my sweat in the tropical heat each time I pressed her face up against my bush. 

Jack was still next to me, and our legs were touching. Our cocks brushed against each other as I thrust and one of his hands rested over my buttocks gently squeezing. I then let him have a turn with Kelly's mouth and I cupped his warm balls as he thrust into her. I couldn't help reaching over and licking his neck. I could taste the salt of his sweat. He smiled and I bent over to suck on one of his nipples. Kelly watched us while servicing each of us with her mouth.

Eventually I told Kelly to stand up, and Jack and I sandwiched her and got her undressed. She stood between us, legs slightly spread apart and we peeled off her top, her bra, and then her shorts. She was wearing a tiny pair of panties, and before we stripped her of those, I turned her around to face me. 

I took my two of my fingers and rubbed them over the fabric of her panties. She wasn't shaved and her hair showed through on the edges. The material felt damp. She smiled and instinctively reached for my cock and stroked me. I squeezed my head and rubbed a drop of pre-cum on my finger and then pushed it into her mouth. She sucked it diligently, eager to please me with her performance. 

I rubbed the tip of my cock again and this time Jack sucked off the pre-cum from my finger. I watched him, and then with Kelly still sandwiched between us, I pulled him in for a full open mouthed kiss. His breath was hot and his tongue energetic. I felt Kelly's breath fall on my chest - she was squeezed and pressed up against my chest as Jack and I compressed her with our bodies while kissing.

Before things threatened to get out of control all together, we managed to somehow get Kelly completely naked. I inspected her pussy like a toy and stuck in two fingers to feel around. She gasped wordlessly and I looked at her carefully while tasting her on my fingers. I repeated the action and this time had the two of them lick my fingers. Then I had everyone head for the shower.

I sent Kelly into the shower first to set it up and get the water temperature right. After it was ready, we men entered in. Under the running water at first things became blurry. All our bodies mixed up with each other, and our tongues were all licking each other faces simultaneously. It was a wonderful feeling and soon I found myself between the two of them. 

Jack was in front, and Kelly was behind. They poured some body wash onto a scrub and rubbed me down. I sighed, spread my legs and rested my arms around Jack's neck. His cock was beautiful and hard and I pressed up against it with mine. He smiled at me, as he worked to soap me down. 

Kelly worked behind me on my back and my legs. She made a cursory pass over my buttocks, so I reached behind and guided her hands to my crack. She understood and began soaping me thoroughly with her fingers between my ass cheeks. 

I leaned forward and moaned into Jack's neck, my cock pressed up against him fully. I took his hands and guided them down to my ass, and I made him spread them to give better access to Kelly. He had wiry strong hands and once he understood what I wanted, he spread my buttocks apart firmly. I leaned on him and buried my head in his shoulder and licked his neck while my anus was completely exposed to Kelly's soft touch. She continued soaping me and I moaned loudly as Jack's strong hands continued to keep me exposed.

==

Please leave a comment if you'd like to see a part 2 :)