 By the time we got back to the hotel room I had discovered that her name Sally was his was Ryan. She was about 5.4ft and he was 6ft. She had long brown hair, slim body and great tits, which I couldn’t wait to get my mouth on. Ryan was well built, shaven head with a goatee. I also discovered that they were a couple that frequently went to adult theatres. They enjoyed the thrill of sex with strangers and sex in public places. I couldn’t wait to get to know them better.

I opened the door to the hotel and let them walk in ahead of me. 

“Nice place,” said Ryan. “Seems you’ve been busy…” he said as I looked over and noticed I had left the TV on. Ironically the movie was back at the scene where the guy was being fucked while giving a blow-job to another guy. I think I blushed.

“I think it’s sexy and a good way to set the mood,” Sally said as her hand made it’s way down to my cock. It sprung to life right away again as she pressed herself against my body and kissed me passionately. She stuck her tongue all the way into my mouth… I loved it!

She guided me towards the bed. I felt the back of legs reach the edge of the bed and sat down. She then pushed me back and sat on my lap. Ryan just stood there watching for a while. I noticed he was sporting a huge bulge in his pants.

Sally leant over and ripped my shirt off. I returned the favor and removed her top. Her tits looked great in her bra, but she got rid of that real soon and I found myself staring at near perfect tits. I sat up and sank my face into them. Sally started making soft moaning noises as I caressed and sucked on her nipples. After a few seconds they were rock hard. Suddenly I felt a kiss on the back of neck. I turned around to find Ryan completely naked on his knees behind me. He gently kissed the back of my neck and made his way further down my back and then back up again. 

“You like that?” he said.

I groaned approval and Sally made her way down my chest with her tongue. As she reached my belly she hooked her fingers into my pants and pulled them off along with my boxers. She then started licking the inside of my legs and slowly made her way up to my cock. She then stood up and dropped her shirt, revealing no panties once again. She leaned forward and pushed me back. Ryan was to the right of me and suddenly I was confronted with a cock in my face. It scared me for a second and I lost my breath. I looked at it for a moment and then gently grabbed the shaft with my left hand. At the same time Sally started licking up and down my shaft and tickling the head of my cock with her tongue. I started stroking Ryan’s cock. It felt wonderful. So unlike stroking my own cock. The outside felt soft but as I pressed a little harder, I felt the hardness underneath. I then noticed a bit of pre-cum oozing out the head and wanted to taste it.

I looked up at Ryan who was watching me…

“Go on… I know you want to!” he said and pushed his hips towards me. I opened my lips slightly and let the tip of my tongue touch his head. The touch was so small but sent shock waves through my body. I pulled back and a small strand of cum connected his cock to my tongue. I then went in for a bigger taste as I ran my tongue over his head and then inserted it into my mouth. Amazing. I sucked on it a bit harder and moved it in a bit further. I opened my eyes and watched Sally doing the same to my cock. Her head then disappeared below the bed and I heard the zipper of her bag being undone and a moment later she emerged with a tube of KY. I stopped sucking for a moment and wandered what she wanted to do with that.

“You wanna get fucked like that guy in the video?” she asked.

I thought about it for a minute but I don’t think any thought would have changed my mind. I wanted to get fucked so bad.

“Oh yeah,” I said and looked back up at Ryan.

“You get him ready baby,” he said and winked back at Sally.

Sally then pushed me further back up the bed and then lifted my legs up onto her shoulders.

“Relax now honey…” she said as she squeezed some of the jelly onto my asshole. It felt so cold and again shocks went through my body. I continued to suck on Ryan’s cock and started tasting the bitter taste of cum for the first time. It felt gooey and slippery in my mouth and I sucked harder wanting more.

Sally started spreading the jelly around my hole and suddenly stuck her little finger just inside. Fuck that was feeling great. I lifted my legs higher giving her more access. She started moving her finger deeper inside me and after a few moments she stuck in another finger and after a while longer another. I was now completely relaxed.

Ryan was now fucking my mouth slowly, getting ready to take on my ass. I was hoping he wouldn’t come before he had the chance.

“All your honey, “ Sally said as she stood up and climbed onto the bed. I squeezed my hole shut again and then relaxed. Sally moved behind me and stood up on her knees. She then climbed onto my face and stuck her pussy on my mouth. She was so wet. I started licking right away and loved the familiar taste of pussy. The sweet biter taste and smell was a good change from the cum taste in my mouth. She leaned further over and put her arms around both my legs reaching around to my ass. She put my cock in her mouth as she peered over and spread my asshole wider. I was waiting breathlessly for the hard cock protrusion as I slurped away at her clit. Then I felt it.

It felt so hard at the entrance to my butt. Sally spread my ass wider again as I felt the head push a little harder. I stopped licking as I waited for the pain I knew would arrive. Ryan pushed harder again and the head popped it. 

“Fuck,” I said clenching my teeth. The pain was so bad.

“Just relax,” he said as he pushed hi hard cock in a small bit at a time.

“Oh fucking hell! That hurts so bad!” I cried.

Just then Sally pushed her pussy back down into my face as to muffle my scream. I started sucking on her clit once again as Ryan started moving out a little. Then in again and then out. He was starting to get into a rhythm and the pain started easing away. It started feeling so good. Sally was now moving my cock all the way into her mouth and out again in rhythm with Ryan’s fucking. The sensations I was experiencing was amazing. Ryan started fucking me harder and his cock was now all the way in. I could feel his balls hitting my ass as he fucked me. Sally was dripping pussy juice all down my cheeks and I was ready to cum in her mouth. 

“Aw, fuck me harder dude” I pleaded. I was enjoying this so much now. Sally was moaning loud and Ryan as breathing heavy. I knew we were all nearly ready to explode and then Sally started. Her screams became louder and she pushed her clit hard down on my tongue. I licked harder and noticed the flow of juices increase. I loved the taste and started swallowing. Just then I felt Ryan fuck me so hard .

“Oh shit, I’m cumming!” he said. At the same time I felt the pressure build up in my cock as I exploded into Sally’s mouth. Ryan was cuming in my ass as I came in Sally mouth. I could hear her swallow hard. After a few moments she rolled off me as Ryan pulled his cock out. I looked down at it and noticed it glistening. Sally moved in closer and grabbed his cock and started sucking it clean as Ryan bend further over to suck the last few drops of cum out of my cock.

Once we were all cleaned up, we sat back and watched more of the porno. Sally was sitting between us as she grabbed both our cocks.

“My turn to be fucked boys…” she said and leaned over to kiss me once again.