 Once we were all cleaned up, we sat back and watched more of the porno. Sally was sitting between us as she grabbed both our cocks.

“My turn to be fucked boys…” she said and leaned over to kiss me once again.

Sally leaned down and grabbed my cock and guided it into her still wet pussy. It moved in easily and the warmth felt great. She then grabbed Ryan’s cock behind her and moved it to her pussy too.

“Lube it up honey” she said to Ryan. 

He rubbed his cock around her pussy and I felt it rub against my cock. He was getting it wet enough to stick up her ass. I started fucking her a little harder. She was very wet again and Ryan had enough pussy juice to get started.

He moved his cock up between Sally’s butt cheeks and pressed the head in. Sally screamed in ecstasy as he pushed in harder and shoed no mercy. I felt his cock through her pussy as we both started fucking her hard. Sally was screaming loader and louder as we continued to fuck her hard.

“Oh God, Oh God” Sally said. “I’m gonna cum!”

We pushed harder into her. After a few moments she let out a loud scream as she came hard.

“OH FUCK! THAT FEELS SOOO GOOD!” I saw tears run down her face. She was squirming between us and the became limp as she nearly collapsed. Neither Ryan or myself had cum yet and we were ready for more.

“Now you fuck me.” Ryan looked over at me and got up onto his knees. His cock stood out in front of him as he climbed over between Sally’s legs. 

“You’ll find the KY on the floor I think…” he said as he guided his cock back into Sally’s pussy and began fucking her again. 

I moved over and found the KY. I moved up behind Ryan and squirted the KY down between his ass cheeks and watched it run down to his ass. He stopped fucking Sally for while as I rubbed the jelly around and into his hole.

“Okay dude, fuck me already!”

He spread his legs wider as his cock was still in Sally. She was lying on her back still moaning. I moved in closer and pushed my head against his hole. I pushed in further and felt his hole opening, ready to accept my cock. I pushed in even further and felt the strange pressure around the head as it popped through. Ryan jolted forward. I then pushed in further and further. It felt so fucking tight. I pushed all the way down to the hilt. I then moved back and started a rhythm. His tight ass felt so good as he started moving in time with me, fucking Sally. I started fucking harder and harder and it wasn’t long before I wanted to cum again. I looked down and saw my cock digging deep into his ass. Seeing this made me come even closer as I grabbed his hips tight and pressed as hard as I could. Sally was moaning loud again and Ryan was clenching his teeth.

It was then that I fucking exploded into his ass. It was the tightest pussy I had ever fucked and I looked down to see my cock covered in cum as it moved in and out of his ass.

Ryan hadn’t cum yet and I decided to blow him. I pulled out and noticed the gaping hole I had left. They both then moved over onto their side and Sally turned around as Ryan entered her from behind again, but was fucking her pussy this time. I moved in closer and licked on her clit as he fucked her faster and faster. Sally had her eyes closed again and started cumming. I could see the moisture running down her legs as Ryan’s hips started bucking. I knew he was about to cum so I reached for his cock and guided it from Sally’s pussy into my mouth. He continued the same movement and fucked my mouth as if it was her pussy. He came a second later and I felt the hot semen squirt spurt by spurt into my mouth and hit the back of my throat. I sucked harder as he fucked my mouth and tried to swallow every drop.

What a way to end our first encounter. Once we were all dressed, we exchanged phone number and I promised to call them next time I was in town. In fact, we made a date for the next night as I was still in town…