 My wife Molly is 26 and I am 28, we have been married for 3 years and own a gift shop in a small town. Weekends are busier than midweek so we employ a girl of 18 years who is in her first year at college, her name is Lisa. She is a lovely girl about 5’ 6” with lovely blue eyes and long blonde hair, which she wears in a ponytail, she has an infectious smile and a pleasant manner, which endears her to all who know her.

My wife caught Lisa teasing me one day, that evening she said, “You know Bob I think Lisa fancies you.”

“I think you are wrong Molly, she was just having a bit of fun.”

“Well Bob I have noticed a few times lately how she tends to act somewhat provocatively towards you when she thinks I am not looking. Like last Sunday when I was in the storeroom and came out quietly and saw her bending over giving you a great view of her pert little ass while she supposedly rearranging some items on the bottom of the center stand.”

“I hope you’re not jealous of her?”

“No Bob, but be honest I have seen the way you look at her sometimes, you do fancy her don’t you?” 

“Well yes I can’t deny that she is very attractive and I guess she is trying out her charms on men to see if she can attract them. I bet you were like that at her age.”

Molly smiled and said, “Yes being honest I had a crush on an older man who was a friend of dad’s I used to imagine him making love to me, it’s just a natural part of growing up I guess.”

At this point the phone rang ending the conversation.

Three weeks later on Sunday afternoon things were fairly quiet and Molly told Lisa to go and tidy up the storeroom. Ten minutes later Molly went quietly to the storeroom to see how Lisa was getting on.

Returning to the shop she put up the closed sign and locked the door and whispering told me that Lisa was masturbating with a candle, to be quiet and follow her. Returning to the storeroom she walked in and said, “Lisa, what do you think you are doing?” 

Lisa was taken completely by surprise no doubt being lost in her sexual fantasy and started to pull the candle from her hole.

“Leave that candle where it is you little slut.” 

Lisa sat frozen for a moment then said, “Please don’t tell my parent’s or anyone about this, PLEASE, I am really sorry.”

Then Molly called to me, “Come in here Bob and see what Lisa has been doing.”

I walked in and said in a voice feigning surprise, “Lisa what are you doing with that candle?”

Lisa began to whimper and said, “Please let me get up and go home I am truly sorry.”

“Well Lisa we won’t tell anyone about this little sexual act of masturbation but only if you agree to my proposition.”

Lisa immediately said, “I will agree to anything you and Bob want, I feel so embarrassed can I please remove the candle?”

“No you may not, first tell me who it was you were fantasising about, was it BOB?”

Lisa seemed realise it would be better to be truthful and said, “Yes Molly.”

“See I told you she fancied you Bob.”

“Well Lisa in return for not telling anyone about this would you like to let Bob make your fantasy become a reality while I watch and perhaps participate? I fancy you just as much as Bob does. If you agree then this afternoons events will be our little secret.”

Hearing Molly tell Lisa she fancied her as much as me surprised me, I never knew she had lesbian tendencies.

Lisa looked down and said meekly “Yes.”

“Good girl Lisa, I am sure you won’t regret your decision. Well lets get started shall we I bet your young pussy is longing to be filled properly with a real cock instead of a candle.”

Lisa now seemed to relax and appeared to be unconcerned about having been caught masturbating saying; “I have never been penetrated by a cock before Molly I’m still a virgin.”

Hearing this Molly looked at me and said, “You are lucky Bob aren’t you, a virgin pussy at last.”

The reason for this comment was that when we got married Molly and I had talked about our previous experience relating to sex, she had already lost her cherry to a previous boyfriend before we met, and the other girls I had dated had all lost their virginity before I met and had sex with them. I could not believe my luck that I was now presented with the chance to deflower this lovely sweet young virgin.

Molly knelt in front of Lisa and put her hands on her knees and spread her legs wide, she took the candle in her hand and began to move it in and out of Lisa’s cunt.

“Do you like that Lisa does it feel really nice?”

“Yes,” Lisa murmured in a sultry voice.

“Get you clothes off Bob then you can undress this lovely sweet girl so we can both see how beautiful she looks naked.”

I stripped and saw Lisa staring at my half erect cock, was it fear or excitement I saw in her eyes I wondered.

Molly pulled the candle from Lisa’s cunt and told Lisa to stand up, she stood and I removed her blouse and then her bra revealing her lovely small pear shaped breasts. Molly who was also undressing said, “They’re gorgeous Lisa, I can hardly wait to suck them.” 

I removed her skirt and she now stood in just her white cotton panties white socks and brown leather shoes, she looked so sexy and delectable as I walked behind her and cupped her breasts in my hands and squeezed them making her moan.

Molly knelt in front of Lisa and hooked her fingers in the elastic of her panties and pulled them over her hips and down her legs, Lisa stepped from them and Molly put them to her nose and sniffed them, she then held them up to Lisa and said, “What a lovely aroma you have.”

Now that her panties had been removed I pulled my partly erect cock up into the upright position and then nestled it in the crease of her lovely ass cheeks pulling her back against me as I held her tits and rubbed my finger over her already swollen nipples making her moan as her nipples became fully erect.

Molly pushed Lisa’s legs wider apart and kissed her mound. She then pushed a finger up Lisa’s hole and felt inside her, pulling her finger out she put it in her mouth and sucked the juices off it.

“Mmmm you taste so sweet Lisa, I know Bob will enjoy the taste when he feasts on your lovely cunt.”

Watching Molly perform this act with another female turned me on more; I felt Lisa press her ass back against my cock as it swelled more in anticipation of what lay ahead, it was obvious that she was now enjoying being stripped and being prepared for me to deflower her.

“Is she nice and wet Molly?”

“She is very very wet Bob, let me watch her suck your cock now then I can watch her being deflowered by your big cock.”

I walked in front of Lisa as Molly told her to kneel, she did as asked and Molly said, “Have you ever sucked a man’s cock before?”

“No never, Bob’s is the first one I have ever seen.”

Lisa was looking at my tool the purple head swollen with desire. 

Molly said, “ Do you like how it looks?”

“It looks so big Molly but it makes me feel so excited knowing that I am about to lose my virginity to Bob.”

“Put your hand round the shaft and lick the tip then take it in your mouth and suck on it while you move your hand back and forth on the shaft.”

Lisa took hold of my shaft making my cock jerk, she seemed surprised never having seen a cock before let alone held one, and now she was about to learn about using her tongue and mouth to service her first cock.

I moaned as she began to lick the head and after licking all over the tip she opened her mouth and took it inside and began to suck on it as she also began to jack my shaft.

“Does it feel good Bob having a sweet little virgin sucking you cock knowing that soon you are going to penetrate her, take her cherry and make her into a woman?”

It feels fantastic Molly she is a quick learner but I think I would like to show her how much more pleasure she can give a man by allowing him to use her mouth like he does her pussy.”

“Go for it Bob, let me watch the little slut getting her first face fuck.”

I wondered what Lisa was thinking listening to Molly and I as she sucked and slurped on her first cock. I knew that after today Molly and I would share her many times and teach her the things that would make her into a real enjoyable fuck toy for us both.


I reached out and put my hands on either side of her head and held her still. Then I began to push my cock into her mouth a little deeper, pulling back and thrusting deeper with each inward stroke as I began to fuck her sweet face. 

Looking down at my cock moving slowly back and forth in Lisa’s mouth made such an erotic picture. I pushed my cock deeper wondering if she could manage to take it all into her mouth and feel my tip in her throat. As the tip reached the entrance to her throat I slowed my thrust she began to gag as she felt it trying to gain access to her throat. I pulled my cock from her mouth and allowed her to recover.

“Good girl Lisa, don’t worry about gagging on my cock you will soon learn how to take it all in mouth and feel the swollen tip in your throat with a little bit of training. But now I want to take your cherry, to experience the pleasure of you tight virgin sheath. 

“Let me lay under her and as you take her doggy style I can lick and tease her clitty while I play with her lovely tits.”

So Molly lay on the floor and Lisa straddled her, I watched as Molly put her hands on Lisa’s ass cheeks and pulled her down so she could now lick her clit. Then I looked at her cunt, her outer lips were already open from all the previous sexual activity the lovely pink interior was wet and I knew that soon I would enjoy that wetness as I plunged into depths of her cunt and felt the heat of her desire.

But first I wanted to treat myself. I knelt and planted a kiss on her open lips and licked all around her opening, she was moaning with pleasure now with two tongues servicing her. I pushed my tongue into her ring and began to fuck her hole with it this elicited more moans of pleasure from her.

I took my mouth away and said, “Your nectar is so sweet Lisa, so tasty.”

I then pushed a finger into her cunt hole and felt inside her, pushing it deeper I met the resistance of her hymen, my cock jerked as I thought how nice it was going to be for me breaking it and plundering the depths of her cunt.

I now positioned myself with my cock head pressed to her opening, she began to moan louder now as my big swollen tip opened it wider and wider and eventually entered her. I wanted her to like being fucked and did not want to make her fear the next time, so I pushed my cock slowly deeper up her hot wet cunt until she gave a little cry and her body jerked as my tip pressed against her hymen. 

“Relax Lisa, it may be a little painful when I break your hymen, but that will quickly fade away and then you can enjoy the real pleasure that a woman desires when she is wet and wanting, the feeling of a man’s cock filling her aching void as he fucks her to orgasm.”

“Are you ready Lisa?”

“Yes,” she replied her voice quavering a little.

Pulling my cock back down so only the tip was inside her, with one quick thrust I rammed my big tool into her, I felt it tear the barrier that tried to deny it access into the depths of her cunt. She gave a sharp cry and then moaned loudly as I held my cock buried to the hilt her sheath wrapped tightly around it as I allowed her to adjust to the girth of it while she experienced the feeling of fullness deep inside her for the very first time.

“Lisa surprised us both when she said, “Lick my clit Molly while Bob fucks me for the first time, I’m ready now Bob.”

Molly hearing Lisa said, “Seems our little slut is eager now to have her fantasy fulfilled, fuck her hard Bob.”

I began to ride her tight young cunt with long slow movements building up a little speed as I felt her sheath relax a little more as it adjusted to my invading tool. Lisa moaned and made little mewing sounds as Molly’s tongue worked it’s magic on her clit and my cock plundered the depths of her cunt.

Suddenly Lisa cried out as I felt her sheath begin to ripple along my shaft, it began to milk me as her first cock induced orgasm arrived. I plunged my cock all the way up her and fucked her deep with short sharp movements for a few moments before my cock erupted and filled the depths of her cunt with it’s first load of cum.

Later after we had showered we sat talking and Molly asked Lisa something I had not even given any thought about, was she on the pill. She told us that she was, her mother had put her on it when she turned sixteen as a precaution as she did not want her to get pregnant. 

“How come that you have never had sex with a boy then,” Molly asked her. 

Lisa blushed and said looking down at the floor, “I always wanted to lose my virginity with an older man with experience rather than to a young guy.”

“Is that why you were acting the way you were with Bob when you started working here?” 

Once more she kept looking down when she said quietly, “I liked Bob the first time I saw him when he interviewed me for the job, and yes I was trying to seduce him.”

I wondered if Lisa was just shy with the newness of our relationship or if she was a submissive person and made a mental note of the things she had told us. 

As she was leaving Molly said, “Aren’t you going to give Bob and I kiss goodbye?”

This seemed to please Lisa, she kissed Molly and then came over to me, placing her arms around my neck she pressed her lips to mine and gave me a great big hug as we kissed. 

Releasing me she smiled and said, “I really am glad it was you who took my cherry.”

As she walked out to her car I called out to her and said, “See you next weekend Lisa.”

She turned and waved as she called back, “I can hardly wait.”

To be continued…