 Wednesday evening of the new week at about 7.30pm the doorbell rang, I went and answered the door to find Laura and a young black man standing outside. He was about 6’ tall well built and I guessed he was 25 years old. (I learnt later he was only 22years old)

“Hi Bob, can we come in I have something to tell you,” Laura said.

“Sure Laura,” I said stepping back to let them in.

Entering the shop I closed the door and turned back to Laura who said, “This is Leroy.”

“Hi Leroy,” I said, we shook hands and I said to Laura, “What is it you came to tell me?”

“Is Molly home,” she asked.

“Yes, why?”

“Well maybe we should go upstairs as it concerns Molly really.”

We went upstairs and Molly was surprised to see Laura, but I noted the way that she looked at Leroy, it was hard to define really, she seemed to become a little excited especially when Laura introduced Leroy to her and she shook his hand holding on to it longer than was necessary.

We all sat down and Molly said, “Why are you here Laura?”

“Well just lets say I am here to help you fulfil your fantasy,” she replied.

“What do your mean Laura?”

“Well you let Lisa and I and Bob share our fantasy, and on the first night when Bob and I went one on one and you took Lisa to the other bedroom you revealed to her that you had fantasised for many years about being fucked by a black man. Well tonight Leroy is going to fulfil your fantasy Molly.”

I looked at Molly not believing what Laura had said for when Molly and I had talked together about having sex with others she had never mention anything about wanting to be with a black man.

Molly started to protest telling Laura not to talk the way saying, “It’s not true,” but Laura cut her short.

“Leroy knows the story of what is going on and he is looking forward to getting his cock up your cunt Molly so why not get undressed and let him have his way with you, I am sure you wont be disappointed.” Molly started to protest again; Leroy stood up and walking over to Molly he grabbed her hair and pulled her to her feet. Before she could protest further his mouth was on hers as her kissed her his tongue no doubt exploring her oral cave. Molly started to struggle a bit but seemed to suddenly relax when Leroy slid one hand down her back and onto her ass forcing her forward against him.

I should have intervened I know but if it was a fantasy I felt I should let her act it out and that would be the end of it, besides he was bigger and more powerful than I was.

Leroy broke the kiss and said, “Now get you clothes off bitch.”

Molly seemed so different now as she immediately stripped, as did Leroy who left his boxer shorts on while Molly now stood naked before us all but avoiding looking at me.

“Well you are a beautiful bitch Molly, Laura said you were but you are better than I imagined you would be.”

He walked behind her and pulling her back against him he kissed her neck as his hands cupped her breasts.

“You want it don’t you Molly?” He said as he squeezed her tits hard and kissed her neck.

“Yes,” Molly said in a husky voice as she ground her ass slowly against Leroy’s crotch.

“Tell us what it is you want, everyone is waiting.”

Leroy pinched her nipples making her cry out loudly.

“Hurry up bitch tell us all what you want.”

Molly turned her head away so she could not see me and said, “I want you to fuck me with your big black cock.”

I could not really believe it was happening. Leroy laughed and said, “Did you suck a black cock in your fantasy?”

Molly seemed not to care anymore about me listening and watching her with Leroy I knew when she said, “Yes,” she said it loudly no doubt she was aroused and eager to have her fantasy fulfilled.

“Fucking white bitch, I know all about your fantasy, you sure told Lisa in detail but what about poor Bob what will he think of you afterwards?”

“I don’t care Leroy, please let me suck you now.”

Leroy released Molly and said, “On you knees slut, take off my boxers and see what I got for you.”

As Molly turned and sank to her knees Leroy looked at me and said, “No matter what happens Bob you better not interfere.”

There was no way I wanted to get into a fight with Leroy I knew I would have no chance against him.

Molly now started to pull Leroy’s boxers down over his hips as Laura came over and sat on my knee saying, “She really is a slut Bob, wait till you find out what she divulged to Lisa.”

Suddenly the boxers slid lower and revealed Leroy’s half erect cock, Molly gave a gasp as she saw it, she let go of the boxers which dropped to the floor and Leroy stepped out of them kicking them aside.

Molly seemed hypnotized by what she saw as she stared at it. Leroy’s cock was not much bigger than my own eight inches but it was much bigger in circumference. Leroy stroked his cock a few times making it harden more as he moved closer to Molly.

I felt Laura wriggle on my lap no doubt she had felt my cock start to move as I watched the action-taking place, I knew she was getting wet and horny as well.

Leroy grabbed Molly’s hair and holding her head steady so she could not pull away he rubbed his swollen cock head up and down on Molly’s left cheek moving down he drew it slowly across her lips and then rubbed it up and down on her right cheek, then once more moved it to her lips and moved it back and forth on them before stepping back and saying, “You liked that didn’t you slut, but now you want to taste and feel it in your slut mouth don’t you?

“Its to big Leroy, I don’t think I could take it in my mouth.”

“Well you are going to suck this black cock and I’m going to fuck your face before you take it up your cock hungry cunt”

Leroy grabbed Molly’s hair again making her cry out as he forced her to open her mouth, he pushed his huge engorged tip forward, I saw her wincing as he forced her lips wider than was normal until his cock head disappeared into her mouth, her lips stretched tightly around his huge shaft.

“Suck it bitch, suck that big black cock.”

Molly began to suck on Leroy’s cock and also slowly moving her head back and forth as she tried to see how much of his dick she could take in her mouth.

“Fondle my balls you white slut.”

Molly immediately complied as she continued to vainly try to take Leroy’s cock all the way into her mouth.

But Leroy was eager to fuck her face “You slack cunt,” he said as he took her head into his hands and thrusting his hips forward he forced his big swollen cock head into her throat.

Molly stopped fondling his balls as she gagged on his cock. Leroy pulled his cock back into her mouth allowing Molly to suck in some air before he once more thrust his cock back into her throat saying, “Wait till you get it shoved up your cunt slut.”

He was fucking her face now with long slow strokes and Molly was gagging on it as he forced it into her throat on each inward thrust, spittle drooled from her mouth each time her pulled back so she could inhale through her nose.

“You like that bitch? Its what sluts like you really need a good hard face fuck.”

Meanwhile Molly had now somehow got over the gagging and was now looking up at Leroy as he used her mouth like a cunt, taking his pleasure from it without any thought for her.

Laura wiggling on my lap said, “You’re turned on watching Molly being forcibly fucked aren’t you Bob, lets strip so I can sit on your lap with your cock up my hole I’m so hot and wet, I want to ride your cock while we watch your slut wife being used like a fucking whore.”

I was horny like Laura said and the thought of her riding me while we watched Leroy having his way with Molly was just what I needed.

We hastily stripped and as I sat down Laura knelt and took my cock in her mouth and sucked it to full erection. 

Then she stood on the chair with her back to me straddling me as she got into a kneeling position and I guided my cock to her fuck hole, she moaned loudly as my cock stretched her sheath as she slowly lowered herself down until she had the full length of my cock inside her. She was so hot wet and tight on my engorged cock. I reached around her and cupped her tits in my hands squeezing them hard as I let my fingers rub over her already erect nipples eliciting moans of pleasure.

She sat still savouring I think the feeling of being stuffed full as our attention once more focused on Leroy and Molly. Leroy had pulled his cock from Molly’s mouth and was rubbing it all over her face and lips again. Then he said, “Open wide and stick your tongue out slut.”

Molly was slow to do as Leroy asked her so he reached out and grabbed her hair and pulled it hard making her cry out at the pain, she quickly opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue with Leroy still holding her hair. Holding her steady now he began to spank her tongue telling her what a dirty slut she was and how he was going to give her the fucking of her life.

“On your knees bitch ass up and shoulders down, you wanted to have a black cock fucking you well now you will know what it feels like buried to the hilt in your fuck hole.”

Once more Molly reacted slowly so he picked her up and carried her crying out over to the settee and forcibly bent her over the arm and kicked her feet apart, holding her pinned down with one hand in the small of her back he stood at the left hand side of her and began to spank her ass hard.

“Stop, please stop it hurts Molly cried out.”

Ignoring her pleas to stop he continued to spank her ass as she cried out as each blow landed she was crying and her ass cheeks were soon glowing red. He suddenly stopped spanking her and was quickly behind her pushing his big engorged cock head into the tight ring of her cunt.

“You’re a bitch who needs a good spanking to make you move quicker when you are told,” he said as he gripped her hips and pushed harder forcing Molly’s tight ring to expand as his big black tool demanded entry into the depths of her cunt.

Molly moaned loudly as the biggest cock she had ever taken inside her entered her tight sheath and forcibly stretched it to accommodate his demanding cock. She gave a loud UGH as he rammed the last two inches inside her and now kept moaning as Leroy laughed and said, “How does that feel bitch? You’ll be back for more after I’ve fucked you, begging for me to spank your ass and fuck you again, your so hot and fucking wet now.”

“Take that black cock slut,” he said as he quickly pulled his tool back and then rammed it hard and deep up her again and again making her cry out as he forcibly reamed her tight fuck hole his hips slamming hard against her inflamed ass cheeks.

Laura feeling my cock jerking somewhat inside her hot wet cunt as we watched Leroy and Molly, began to rise up and down on my big tool moaning a little as she forced herself down hard to take my swollen tip as deep inside her as she could.

When Laura first rose up Molly emitted a loud scream and as Laura and I watched she arched her back as she felt Leroy’s big black cock forcibly rammed up her fuck hole once more as Leroy continued his forceful assault on her cunt.

“Your so fucking tight bitch, I bet you never had a cock as big as this up you before,” he said as he fucked his cock into her hard and fast taking his pleasure from her regardless of how painful his use of her was. Molly was moaning loudly begging him to stop, but Leroy ignored her and continued to ream her cunt hard.

Meanwhile Laura was riding my cock hard now; she was so turned on as I was from watching Molly being taken forcibly by Leroy. She suddenly rose up and cried out as she thrust her cunt back down onto my cock as her orgasm arrived, this triggered my own orgasm and as her cunt flooded I shot my load of cum into the depths of her rippling sheath.

When it was over Laura stayed impaled on my still hard cock me holding her lovely tits in my hand as we watched Leroy riding his cock into Molly, he was now intermittently spanking her ass making her cry out continuously as his hips slammed against her abused ass. Her sheath must have adjusted to the girth of Leroy’s cock because her moans and cries were now cries of pleasure.

Then Molly began to thrust her ass back to meet Leroy’s inward thrusts as she cried out, “Fuck that cunt, get all you black cock up me and shoot you hot load in me.”

“Yeah up your fuck hole bitch, take it then,” he responded to her urging.

“OH GOD yes, harder I’m cumming.”

Leroy pounded her hard as her orgasm arrived. As Molly cried out her pleasure Leroy suddenly cried out as he came shooting his hot load into the depths of Molly’s cunt. When it was over he pulled his cock from her glistening with the mixed juices of their union.

“Clean it bitch, show your appreciation, and show me what a cock sucking whore you are.”

Molly never hesitated she grasped his big tool at the base and licked as much of the mixed juices from it that she could before taking it into her mouth, this time it went in easier as it was already starting to return to normal. When he was satisfied he pulled his cock out of her mouth and said, “Now how was your fantasy Molly? Tell Bob that was the way you wanted to be taken, used hard, fucked like a whore.”

Molly looked at me and said, “Its true Bob, it was my fantasy to be used hard by a black man.”

“To thank me for bringing Leroy round to fulfil you fantasy you slut whore, come and clean Bob’s cock and then let Bob and Leroy watch you clean my cunt,” Laura ordered her.

“Molly willingly obliged and came and sucked and licked my cock and balls clean then cleaned the mixed juices from Laura’s thighs and then licked and sucked as much as she could from Laura’s cunt hole.”

“Nasty bitch you have their Bob, but a great fuck at that. We better get cleaned up Laura time for us to go home,” Leroy said.

They went to the bathroom and freshened up and came back Laura with a big smirk on her face. “Bye Molly, better give Leroy a big thank you kiss, I bet you will fall asleep remembering having your slut cunt reamed by his big black cock, he has always wanted to fuck a white slut and I think he will be back for more, aren’t you a lucky bitch.”

Molly walked up to Leroy and put her arms around his neck and kissed him a long deep kiss. Breaking the kiss I heard her say quietly, “That was one great fuck Leroy, and I really would like to feel your big cock reaming me again.”

“Did you hear that Bob? I guess we’ll be seeing a lot of each other from now on,” Leroy said. 

Then Laura smirking at Molly came up to me and kissed me, then said, “I look forward to seeing you Saturday Bob.”

After they had gone Molly went to the bathroom without a word, then I went and showered and found her sitting in the living room waiting for me. “Time for us to talk Bob.”

“Yes I guess it is after what I learned and watched tonight.”

To be continued…