 I leaned back on my hands onto the bed as my girlfriend was on her knees sucking up and down on my fat hard cock. Vanessa was such a great cocksucker! Her hands moved in motion with her mouth as she bobbed up and down on it. 

I looked over to my left and there was her best friend Angie who was basically mirroring Vanessa sucking on her boyfriend Jake's cock. The sloppy slurping noises they were both making was such a huge turn on. 

Before I get ahead of myself, let me explain. I have been with Vanessa going on almost 2 years now. We're in Vegas and we are here because the girls are models at a Vegas auto show. 

Basically at this moment, I'm getting a blowjob from my hot girlfriend with her long time best friend/lover Angie right next to us blowing her boyfriend. Vanessa and Angie have been lovers since high school. They both also like cock and are not opposed to sharing. 

About 3 months into our relationship, Vanessa told me about her and Angie being lovers. She also told me that they hadn't been together since she and I started getting serious a few months before. She said she missed Angie and wanted to know if I was interested in a 3 way with Angie. 

Uhhh...hell yeah. Who wouldn't? 

Vanessa is hot as fuck. Angie is even hotter. Where Vanessa has a flat stomach, c-cups and a nice round ass, Angie has ripped abs, full full c-cups pushing d-cups and an ass that just seems to be that much rounder.

So, long story short Angie visits us 2 or 3 times a month. The only catch is I don't get to fuck her or kiss her. Oral sex only between us. Her blowjobs are fantastic and her pussy tastes like candy. 

The girls both love my cock to death. It is 6" long but I have been told it is at least double the average penis size. 

Angie started seeing Jake a few months back so she has stopped her regular visits. I really miss spending time with her. Truth be told, I fell in love with her too over the past 2 years. I love both of these girls beyond comprehension. I would do anything for them.

Vanessa has told me she misses Angie sexually as well. She decided to invite her over for drinks last week to talk about this trip. The girls asked me what I thought about doing a 4 way with Jake. I was hesitant at first because I wasn't sure how I would feel about watching my girls with another guy. 

But, I really missed being with Angie. After a lot of drinks and convincing I agreed to do it. They said they had already talked to Jake and he was all in too. 

Now back to the story...

I have never had sex with another guy in the same room let alone sitting 2 feet away from me. Angie told me his cock was average thickness but he was longer than me and just shy of 9". I couldn't help but stare at his cock as she bobbed up and down on it. I was way thicker but his length made mine look really stubby. 

I looked over at him and saw him staring at Vanessa sucking mine with lust on his face. It was pretty obvious he liked Vanessa and wanted her to suck his cock. The girls noticed this too. They made eye contact with each other and the next thing I know they are switching places.

I have to admit, I did feel a little jealously shoot through me as Vanessa wrapped her hand around his wet cock and pumped up and down on it. She maintained eye contact with me. I knew she wanted my approval before she did it. 

I nodded. 

That was all the approval she needed. It was like I was dreaming as I watched her lean down and take Jake's cock into her mouth. She never took her eyes from mine as she slid his long slick cock into her mouth. 

I was brought back to reality and we lost eye contact as Angie wrapped her small hand around my hard wet cock and pumped it a few times. I slid up on the bed and Angie followed me. When she flicked her tongue around the head of my cock and took me into her mouth I realized how much I missed her. 

I glanced over at Vanessa and she looked like she was in heaven. She had both hands wrapped around the lower half of his shaft pumping up and down in sync with her mouth bobbing up and down on the top half.

Angie swung around and put her pussy to my mouth. I loved 69ing this girl. I ate that pussy like there was no tomorrow.

It went on like this for a while. Angie and me 69ing and Vanessa blowing Jake.

Out of no where, Angie pulled off my face and slid forward down my chest and stomach and sat on the shaft of my cock which was flat against my stomach. I watched as she slowly slid her wet lips down the length of my shaft. She slowly slid back and forth on it from balls to tip. 

This was the closest my cock had ever been to her pussy. I wasn't inside of her but it wanted to be. I watched as the tip of my cock split her lips on one of her backward slides. All I had to do was push up on my cock and I would be inside of her the next time she slid back. She slid forward again rubbing her lips and clit on my shaft and balls and started slowly sliding back to the tip. 

Vanessa must have been watching because pulled off of Jake's cock and said, "You guys look awfully close to fucking, maybe we should switch again!" 

"uggghhh...ok" Angie moaned as she slid away from the tip and climbed off of me. 

I was pretty sure she wanted me inside of her and I think I might have pushed it in if Vanessa hadn't stopped us. Reluctantly, Angie slid her fingers down the shaft as she moved away. 

They switched places again and Vanessa climbed on top of me like a good cowgirl. She grabbed my cock and guided the mushroom head to her wet pussy lips. I easily slipped inside her hot wet tight pussy. 

She had grown used to my thickness over the years so she could take my girth easily inside of her. And man did I loved being inside of her! Her wet and silky pussy was always tight on my thick cock. 

She rode me slowly. 

I looked over and saw Angie and Jake doing the same thing but Angie was reverse cowgirl. Jealousy struck though me as I realized that was what we had almost just done. Even though I was fucking Vanessa, I still wanted to be inside Angie's tight wet pussy sooo badly. 

Vanessa saw me staring leaned forward and stuck her tongue in my mouth as she slowly rode me. I kissed her back. 

She tasted musky. 

That is when I realized she was just sucking on Jake's dick. She felt me hesitate and smiled into my mouth. 

She leaned down and whispered in my ear, "You taste his cock? It turns me on so much to kiss you after sucking on his cock."

She came back up and kissed me again. 

Deeply. 

I found myself kissing her back just as deep because I would do anything to please her. She kissed and continued to ride me as I thought about what she said.

"Eat my pussy." She said.

She slipped off my cock and slid up to my face. She stuck her pussy in my mouth. I put my hands on her hips and stuck my tongue inside getting as much of her as I could. I flicked my tongue back and forth over her clit. 

I heard Jake and Angie talking. Not sure about what but I felt the bed shift and Angie grabbed my cock.

"I want to suck on this a little more." She said. I couldn't see her from my position but I felt her grab onto it and she sucked me deep into her mouth. 

After a few minutes of this I felt the bed bounce like someone was walking on it. Jake came into my vision bouncing hard cock and all. He stood above me and stuck his long hard cock in Vanessa's face. It obvious what he wanted her to do. She more than willingly grabbed onto it and stuck it in her mouth while I ate her out. 

I watched as he held onto the back of her head with one hand while he face fucked my girlfriend. 

This was the craziest thing I had ever done sexually. 

After a few minutes he let go of Vanessa and moved out of sight. From what I could tell he had started fucking Angie doggy style as she sucked my cock. Her concentration was lacking a lot because she would stop and start sucking as he pounded her pussy. At one point she completely let go and just stroked my cock as they fucked. I would feel her head bump into me as he pounded her from behind.

After a few minutes they slowed down and she repositioned herself. I felt her grab back onto my cock and start sucking on it again. I again felt Jake walking on the bed and thought he was going to stick his cock into my girlfriend's mouth again. 

But boy was I wrong about that! I saw Angie step over me as Vanessa leaned forward and started licking Angie's pussy as she leaned back onto the headboard. 

????

Believe it or not, it took me a second to realize my dick was still being sucked and I was looking at both of the girls in the room. 

What? Who the hell...? 

Confused, I stopped eating the delicious pussy in my mouth and thought...Jake? Again I thought What? Why? 

Vanessa felt me stop and rubbed her pussy on my open lips. "Don't stop!! I was almost there...just go with it!" she moaned. 

I flicked my tongue out and started eating her again. She was close because I felt her tense up and shiver as I brought her to orgasm. She ground into my face a little bit more as she came.

This gave me a second to get a grasp on the situation. If that was Jake (and I knew it was) he was doing a great job. 

Actually, he was doing a fantastic job! 

That is when I noticed the larger hand and the different technique. He swirled with his tongue more and his grip was just a little bit tighter. 

I reached down with one hand just to make sure and put my hand on the back of his head. Yep. Short hair. It was Jake alright. Wow! 

He was a good cock sucker! I felt myself pushing up into his mouth and pushing down on the back of his head with my hand.

Vanessa must have realized I was enjoying myself because she lifted her leg over and fell over in a heap onto her back. Angie followed her down and buried her face in her pussy. Vanessa and I made eye contact and she mouthed I love you to me.

I broke eye contact and looked down at my cock sucker. Sure enough there was a guy sucking my cock. I was feeling a little weird being one on one with Jake like this...but it felt sooo good! I reached down with my other hand and held onto the back of his head as he licked, stroked and sucked me. 

For some reason, I wasn't getting soft by this sight. I think I was really turned on by it. That is when I realized I was getting close to blowing my load.

"I am getting close...I I I I am going to cum!" I stuttered.

He didn't slow down. He actually picked up the intensity. Was he going to take my load? This was so taboo, so wrong. Did I want another guy to make me cum like this? I felt something deep down inside me that was telling me I was very turned on by this. 

Why were the girls doing this?? 

I wasn't going to let this happen. I did not want a guy to make me cum. But the sensations were too great. And apparently I couldn't bring myself to physically stop what was about to happen. 

So I closed my eyes tight and tried desperately to hold back from cumming. 

But it was not possible. 

As a result of trying to hold back, I unleashed one of the most intense orgasms I think I have ever had. My whole body shook and shivered as I shot my load into another guy's mouth. Each pulse making my cock more and more sensitive as I spurted! My eyes rolled back in my head behind my closed eyelids. 

Like a champion cock sucker Jake never missed and beat and kept sucking. The sensitivity was beyond anything I could ever remember. 

And it was a guy that did this to me!?! WTF! 

By now the girls were down there with him. Watching closely. Rubbing their clits. Finally, I pulled his head from my tender cock and we made eye contact. He leaned forward and I watched as a little bit of my cum/saliva dripped off of his chin and onto my stomach 

He smiled, clearly happy with his work and winked at me.

Angie pulled him to her and they kissed. I watched as they swapped my cum between them. Dripping down both of their chins. Each licking whatever spilled like it was precious and not to be wasted. 

Vanessa licked up the little drops that had dropped from Jake's chin onto my stomach and crawled up my body. My breathing was still heavy as she leaned forward and I was caught a little off guard as she leaned in and kissed me. 

This was all so much for me to try and accept. But I went with it and kissed her back.

She had swallowed it but I could taste slightly the remnants of my salty bitter cum which was now just a film on her tongue as we kissed.

She whispered into my ear, "That was so hot and I am so turned on right now. Do you want to fuck Angie tonight?"