 Bi, Bi Friday and Saturday 

I just could not get anything done thinking about tonight. John and I are going out with another couple that we know. We are going out dancing to Stevie Ray's, which is a blues club, but we also talked about going to Connection’s, which is a gay bar in town that has a really nice sound system and cool dance music. 

Jenny is a nice woman, a little bigger then I am. Thicker that is, but wears a 42DDD bra. I just love attaching my mouth to her breasts. Her husband is a little big around the middle, but not around his cock. He has a thin or average cock, but it sort of curves to the left, which is sort of fun. He is about 245lbs and about 5ft 10, The last time we were together, Jenny was on her back getting fucked by her husband, and I was sitting on her face, Jim’s mouth on my tits as John fucked him in the ass.

Jenny said she could feel John's cock all the way in her pussy from the pounding John was giving Jim.

So those were my thoughts all during the day, but this is what happened on Friday and Saturday of last weekend.

Jenny and Jim were meeting us for drinks and dancing out on Friday, it is always fun with them because of the very personal nature we know each other. I was horny before we ever left the house; John and I were fucking before we got ready even.Stevie Ray's is a nice little club and we got there about 9ish. Jenny and Jim were already there. We sat down as the band just came back from a break, so we really could not talk that much. You know how it is when the music is loud when you first get in a bar. Anyway, we did the hugging and the kissing, and sat down around a small round table. Jenny was funny, she was putting her tits on the table asking if John saw anything he liked, she was already a little tipsy, (yes they were still in her top, but she was showing a lot of cleavage, she just can't help it with those things!) We kept it very cool, just fun at a place, with good friends, Jenny was drinking a drink called the Voodoo Martini. I was having beers with John, and Jim was drinking Bourbon.

Poor John, he was dancing a lot with me or Jenny, Jim does not like to dance that much, so John was the gentleman and danced with us. A couple times it was a three-way right there on the dance floor. I could tell John was getting excited with the night too, because that bulge in those black jeans was growing for me.

The night was going on, and Jenny was really getting loose, she kept on rubbing on John's cock saying how much of a turn on it was to watch him fuck her husband, but that he had to save some of his spunk for her, because she wanted to coat her tits with his cum (and she has some really big tits) I was checking out Jim while Jenny was saying these things, and yes, he was getting hard too, I was stroking his cock a little as well under the table and asked if I was going to get some of that too, and he said "You betcha." 

We left about 11 there, and we were going to walk to the gay club called Connections, but Jenny said that she really needed to suck on some cock, and said we should go to the car first. The car was not too far away and Jenny and John were in the back seat, and she was gobbling down his cock, I was kissing Jim in the front seat, and then I pulled down my pants and panties and got out a dildo. Yeah, I had one in my purse, I knew it was going to be a wild night. I gave it to Jim so that he could push it in and out of me as I played with my clit.

I was just about to cum when the door of the back seat opened, it was Jenny, hanging out her head because she had to throw up. Well that sort of ruined the moment, John was thanking the god that she did not throw up all on him, but we were all really worried about Jenny, but she was fine, just drunk.

Jenny was saying that she was fine over and over again, she just needed some air. She suggested that we should follow them to their house. We got out of their car and we drove about 40 minutes to their house. John and I were talking wondering how this night would go since Jenny was so gone, but we were determined to keep it fun.

When we got to Jenny's and Jim's house, we all went to the bedroom right away. Jenny was undressing as she walked, and she was saying how she wanted to see her husband get screwed really good (I wanted to see it too, so I got undressed and sat next to Jenny on the bed and started sucking on Jenny's nipple and pulling on those nipple rings of hers as I was pushing my dildo in and out of her pussy but keeping one eye on the boys).

Jim got on his hands and knees on the bed, his cock hard beneath him and John was putting some lube on his cock. Jenny was saying, "oh, he is going to fuck you so goooood!" and John put his hands on Jim's shoulders and buried himself to the hilt in one big push. Jim gave out a loud Grunt, and an "Oh God,” and dropped his chest down on the bed. John was spanking his ass and fucking him good, as I was bringing Jenny to multiple orgasms with my dildo. She was cumming one time after another really well when John pulled out of her husband's ass and came around to Jenny and put his cock in her face and came in her mouth. He timed it just perfectly, so that he came just as she was opening her mouth to accept him.

Poor Jim, he was slumping down on the bed, I asked him if he came, and he said he did right after John had entered him, and he continued to mumble “oh fuck, oh fuck” over and over again. Jenny sort of slumped back in to the bed and sort of spit up John's cum onto her hands and as she lay on her back closed her eyes and rubbed it all into those big fat tits of hers.

John was still hard and I had run into the bathroom and got a warm wash rag and was cleaning his cock and sucking it when it was clean. (I don't like to suck it right after it has been in some ones ass without cleaning it first) I was telling him how much like a bull he was fucking Jim, and Jim chimed in, "No Shit! My ass will never be the same, but I love it.” I went and heated up the rag with some hot water again and cleaned up Jim's ass too, stroking his cock a little while I was at it. There was a big cum spot on the bed where Jim's cum had shot on the bed. I told Jim to lick up. Jim, being the big puppy dog that he is, did just that.

I needed some fucking right now I said, and I got John to lie on his back, and I started riding his cock. I looked over at Jenny, and she was still slowly rubbing her tits smearing John’s cum in. She was sort of was in a daze, and I think she was falling asleep. 

Jim got next to us and I sucked him a little while I was enjoying my husband's cock. I looked at John, and said I wanted both of them, which John said "great" and "I will show you how Jim just felt." With that, I sort of just reached over and climbed onto Jim and pushed that thin curving cock into my pussy. I had my hands on his shoulders and watched as John got behind me and put a little of that wet lube on his cock. Yes, with one big push he was in me too, GOD what a rush that is. I collapsed onto Jim and just let my body be used between the two men.

It was like they were dueling with their cocks and I was just being pushed and pulled between them. Jim is a big guy and riding his body is like being on a big waterbed, but John was royally fucking me and I loved it. I felt Jim cum in me, but I wanted John's cum too, and I know it takes him a while so I just pushed back my butt more to get him to fuck me good, to use me. I was riding Jim's body, his breathing was still heavy, and I had my head buried and biting on his neck a little as I was taking a lot of pounding. I had cum so much at this point, Jim slipped out of me and I felt not only my own cum on him but his leaking out of me coating him.

John finally came in me grunting like a horse. All I could do was lay there. I could feel my ass hole was stretched open, I knew that his cum was leaking out of me some. John got off of the bed and in their shower and just sort of rinsed off as I caught my breath. When he got out, we sort of both just left. Jim was not asleep, but we told him not to get up, Jenny was sound asleep now.

I sort of had my head in John's lap on the ride home, not his cock in my mouth, but sort of rubbing him, telling him what a awesome God of a man he is to me. When we got home, we snuggled in bed and I was just enjoying being with just him. We did make love one more time and he was able to cum one more time inside me, but it was a very tender and loving sex. We both just crashed after that.

John had to leave in the morning for some work he had to do, so I was just at home doing the things that I do. I was talking to some friends on the computer when Jenny IM’ed me on Yahoo. She was chatting to me as I was chatting to some other people and she was apologizing for last night, saying that she hated getting sick but the drinks were going down so well. I told her we had a good time, and that she did not have to say that, we all get that way from time to time. But she kept going on saying that she really wanted to spend some time with us too that she felt that she missed that, and how sexy that I looked.

She was really wanting us to be together and complaining that she did not get fucked last night or this morning. She said that Jim had a very sore ass and that his balls were sore form cumming so much last night. She also told me how he was rubbing his ass on the way out the door; that morning on his way to work. I had to laugh at the visual, that big ole bear of a man.

She was getting me a little hot along with some of the other people I was chatting with, so when Jenny said that she was coming over, I said OK. I called John really quickly and asked him if it was ok, which he said it was OK with him as long as she was there when he came home, and then he said, "Hell, I am leaving now."

Jenny got to our house and not a minute later John was there too. Jenny was wearing some jeans and a big T-shirt, no bra; she was wobbling all over the place. She said that she really was sorry, but that she really loved us, and wanted to make sure that we were ok, and she said that she owed John his blow job and more too.

John asked her if she was ready for some spankings? We all grinned at that, but I know that he was serious. We have never done any bondage with Jim or Jenny, but John and I like some light bondage. Jenny said that she was more then game. 

John got her naked as she was standing at the foot of the bed. He tied her hands together and then tied them to the bareboard. Tied that way, he then made her take a step backward a little so she was supporting her weight with her hands on that baseboard she was tied to. John then put on some leather cuffs around each ankle that have D rings on them, and attached a spreader bar between her legs.

Jenny was wiggling her ass; I could tell that she was getting wet knowing that she was so exposed to us. Her big massive tits just hanging there, looking so good, I wanted them right then. I have been in this same position many a time, for my own punishment, and it is unreal how you sort of space-out when you are getting spanked like this. It is like nothing else matters, you almost crave the spanking, but it makes you flinch all the same.

John then tied some string to each nipple ring and made me sit at the head of the bed naked. He gave me my favorite vibrator and then the other ends of the strings pulling them tight so that her tits were being pulled apart and on either side of her arms. He was telling us that as I played with my pussy, and pushed the dildo inside, I would be pulling on her tits as well. 

He got behind her and asked her how many spankings she deserved. She said she did not know, SMACK! There was the first one, it really made a crack, John told her when he asked a question, he wanted an answer, and that "I don't know" was not an answer. He asked her again, and this time she started out with "ahhh" again SMACK, there was another spanking. Her body really flinching with that one, quickly she said “20, 20, 20.” 

I loved watching my husband in this way. I have only seen him really get into his Dom mode with me or Sara and some times with Amanda or Billy, but this was very erotic, especially with my control of Jenny’s big tits. (I was tugging and playing with them making sure she knew I had them too.)

Here came the spankings now, 1, 2, 3, 4, and he waited. He fingered her now really wet cunt, and she closed her eyes, at the pleasure. I could tell that she was all his. 5, 6, 7,8 and he stopped again. This time leaving and going to the kitchen, Jenny was looking at me play with myself and said, "Do you get this all the time?" I said I did some times. John came back; I was already smiling because I knew what he was going to say. Whack, whack, it was Left cheek, right cheek, left cheek, and he said, "Did I tell you that you could talk?" Jenny knew her place now, she said "no sir,” he said "good."

He then got the ice cubes he had gotten from the kitchen and started rubbing her ass with them and once they melted a little, putting them in her pussy.

9, 10, 11, 12 no one had to tell Jenny that the last three were for talking. I could tell by her face she knew, and she was not going to say anything. I could tell that she was focused on her cunt, and her ass. I know I could have really yanked on the strings now and I doubt she would have really felt it much. I kept her tits swaying with little tugs as I played with myself and watched my man totally dominate this woman. He really does do that, I thought to myself, how he dominated Jim too, he is so natural at it, it makes me love him all the more. 

13, 14, 15, 16 "Come here Cindy" and in a flash I am off the bed and on my knees in front of him with my head down. YES, I know that Jenny is looking at me, but I am at my husband's feet and at his command, I know I am his always, and I know my place. "Get up and get your strap on, the big one,” he says and I get up and go put on my 8-inch strap on. I love this; I am in my "sub space" so fast at his command.

While I am putting this on, Jenny is watching me, but John gets the blindfold and puts it over her eyes. There is a big puddle on our hard wood floor where the ice has melted from her hot pussy; I know it is not all water either, but a lot of pussy juice too. It is not as easy you may think to put on one of these harness's for a strap-on. You really have to make sure that it is on there well and tight.

While I am doing this, John takes out two of my vibrators that we have in our toy drawer and the ties them onto the strings under Jenny's tits. The vibrators were just dangling there, I know she can feel the weight, but she does not know what is there. John is motioning me to get in front of her sort of on my knees on the bed and I guide her head to my strap on, so that she takes my strap on in her mouth. Jenny does it, trying to give my big plastic cock some of her best head. Jenny and I have played with my strap on before, she never sucked it for me, but she knows what else I can do with it!

John then turns on each of the two vibrators and they jiggle and pull the strings as they dance under her, there is an appreciative moan from Jenny as she is still sucking "my cock".

17, 18, 19, 20 a pause and then one more. "That, my love, is for not finishing the blow job. You better do it well this time" he whispers as he bends down to her ear. She is sucking better and harder now, trying to move her head up down. I know it is awkward with her hands tied that way, but she is really sucking for all she is worth. "Do you want to fuck her Cindy?" "Yes! Please master,” I say. He walks out the room and I keep my hands in Jenny's hair, now fucking her face myself, getting more into my role as the one with the power.

John came back with the little step stool and put it behind her and I got down off the bed and got up on the step stool and pushed myself into her from behind. She was moaning so much, you could tell that she needed this, the vibrators were still dancing under her and my hands were on her hips as I slowly fucked her. I am not as crazy about fucking with this strap on, the other one has a sort of plug, like a butt plug that is about two inches long that goes into my pussy as I fuck with it. It also vibrates and really gets me to cum hard and I am fucking, but with this one, it is more in my mind, it is the power I feel, it is the rhythm, it is the control, I really don't feel like a girl anymore, but like a man and I was pushing myself deep into her. 

I had fucked her husband with this strap on before too. Thought about how John fucked her husband last night and I reached my hands to her shoulder and really tried to fuck her raw, and with power, pushing all of that eight inches deep inside of her. "That's it" John was saying "fuck her best, fuck her like I fucked you last night, fuck her like I fucked her husband." John had a hand on me to make sure I was steady as I was fucking her and luckily caught me as Jenny just collapsed to her knees.

She was there breathing heavy with her head on the headboard catching her breath. John turned off the vibrators because they were bouncing on the floor now, then untied her and unhooked her legs. We got her up on her feet and got her on the bed. We just cuddled, there was nothing to say really, John was sucking on her nipple in a loving way, and I was kissing her face and French kissing as well. 

It was really tender; Jenny's hands were sort of stroking my plastic cock absently as we kissed. I got on my back, and pulled her onto me. We sort of got her lined up and she pushed her self down onto my cock while leaning forward and smothering me with those big tits of hers. I loved it. 

Sucking and chewing on her nipples, playing with those nipple rings of hers with my tongue, I was in heaven. I could feel the bed shift as John got behind her and I could tell he was going to enter her ass. “OH GOD” she screamed as she had another orgasm. 

Shaking almost violently Jenny’s body could not resist Johns slow assault, his hard member stead fast as she rocked onto it, washing it with her own wave of ecstasy. As those orgasms let up, he increased his tempo a little more again, fucking her good. You could tell that she was still cumming, not as hard, but it was coming all the time. I could tell she was lost to the world, sort of like I was when I was getting fucked the night before.

I was looking at her and wondering if I looked like that. I have often watched women that are getting fucked by John, and wonder if that same look was on my face. It was a look of contentment, and maybe a little pain, but of love and pleasure too. I kept sucking on his nipples and massaging her great big tits as she had all her weight on me and just let John fuck her ass. 

He came and she rolled over and just was catching her breath her finger sort of massaging her sore pussy, because I know that my big strap-on was stretching her. I got out of my harness and got the warm washcloth and cleaned John's cock and then I cleaned Jenny's ass. John then got on top of me and slowly gave me one of those great tender fucks as Jenny held my hand and stroked our bodies. She would kiss both of us and just was there as John and I became one.

Jenny and the two of us all took a shower together. John got to play with her tits a lot there and we asked her how she liked her first D/s experience. She said she loved it. She said that John could be her master any time, and wondered if we could do it with Jim too. John said sure, but not everyone makes a good Dom, she laughed saying she knew, it would be John who is the Dom, that Jim was a natural sub, that if there was anyone that was a Dom in her house it was she. We had a bite to eat after that and still talked, and I think that the next time we get together we will be very much into a BDSM thing.