 Chase was a fairly normal guy. He'd been married to his wife Veronica for just over three years. They had a great sex life, but he was starting to get bored. In fact, he was starting to grow increasingly restless every day. Chase had been with more than his fair share of women before he'd married Veronica. So at 36 when he'd gotten married, he thought he'd gotten all of that out of his system. Right now, he was yearning for novelty though. He was an attractive man, tall at 6'3", with a slim, yet toned muscular body, blue eyes and sandy brown hair with distinct chiseled features. So he could still command attention everywhere he went. 

He noticed lately, however, that while a number of gorgeous women shamelessly threw themselves at him, even though they knew he was married, he simply wasn't interested. However, after more than four years with the same sex partner, he was in dire need of having sex with someone other than Veronica. Though not one of those other women really caught his eye or stirred his sexual desires much, if at all. So how was he going to remedy his sudden case of sexual boredom?

Chase sighed as he browsed through yet another porn site mostly uninterestedly. All the fake tits and phony moaning were getting really tired. As he was about to click the page closed and just go to bed, he accidentally clicked on a link that navigated his browser window to another site. What popped up next half appalled and half thrilled Chase. There was a guy giving another guy with a huge cock a blow job. One part of Chase immediately wanted to look away and close the site in disgust. Yet the part of him that was intrigued won out almost immediately as he clicked on various clips watching men kiss, give each other head, jerk each other off and engage in anal sex. 

Almost before he knew what had come over him, Chase had a full hard on. He was getting a rush from watching all the forbidden acts happening on the computer screen in front of him. He found himself massaging his balls with one hand and stroking his dick using his other hand inside of his navy blue cotton sweat pants as he watched a guy getting deep throat oral from another guy. Just as the guy getting sucked off on screen came, splattering copious amounts of jism all over the other guy's face, Chase shot his own load all on the inside of his sweats.

Chase sat there panting, simultaneously feeling excited, nervous and a little repulsed. He was also feeling something he hadn't felt in quite a while – fully sexually satisfied. So as the weeks went by, Chase found himself watching more and more gay porn and over time, the sick guilty feeling in the pit of his stomach slowly dissipated. 

One evening, Chase and Veronica were at a local discount store shopping for household goods. While Veronica got cleaning supplies, Chase wandered over to the Electronics department. He bought himself a small digital camera that also functioned as a video recorder and web cam. Chase made the purchase in electronics, hid the camera in a back corner of the trunk of his SUV and met Veronica with a kiss on her forehead in a front checkout lane.

Later that night, as Veronica lay asleep upstairs, Chase slipped out of their bedroom and went to his downstairs office. He hooked up his new cam and started experimenting, learning how to use it via hands on experience. Eventually, he filmed himself jacking off. As he stroked, he fantasized about his wife watching and getting turned on as another man sucked his cock. As he stroked, he elaborated on his fantasy to include him licking and sucking on Veronica's clit while he gave it to his male lover in the ass. This new fantasy involving a threesome that included his wife really got him off and he shot his load all over his chest and stomach.

Watching the playback of the video he'd just made, he had to admit it was pretty hot. So hot in fact, he decided he wanted to share it. Chase had signed up for a gay amateur video sharing community a few days earlier. He posted his new video, the first and only clip on his page under his screen name so far –HotCock4U.

The next morning as Veronica was showering and getting ready for work, Chase had to go and sneak a peek at his computer. It turned out he already had ten comments on his vid clip. Guys from all around the country and even two from Europe (one from London and the other from Paris) had left rave reviews about his glorious exploding cock. Chase loved the ego boosting feedback he was receiving, all positive so far, as well as the anonymity which allowed him the freedom to post whatever he wanted to the site. As he looked at the last comment on his page left by BiBigDickBoi84, he suddenly felt a little shaken in his previous confidence.

"Dude, great dick. I'd love to suck it and let you ram my ass with it... But if your wife doesn't know you're on here getting off with other sexy guys, next time you might wanna remove your wedding ring before filming yourself. Just a thought..."

Chase felt a little sick. He watched his video again. Sure enough, there it was. His wedding band on his left hand, the one he had used to stroke up and down his cock while he'd filmed with his right hand. He thought he'd been so careful too, not to reveal too many personal details about himself. He hadn't shown his face or anything. He was starting to feel a little panic stricken when he remembered how hard he came just a few hours ago thinking about his wife discovering him getting it on with another man. In fact, he was hard again now just thinking about it. He could hear the shower turning off and he rushed back upstairs and burst through the master bathroom door. 

He scooped Veronica up in his arms, ignoring the quizzical look she was giving him. Her long brown hair was still dripping wet, her large brown eyes opened wide and her towel dropped to the floor revealing her sexy curves. "Hey, what's gotten into you this morning?" she asked with a bit of a squeal as he lowered her quickly to the bed and kicked off his boxers. He dropped quickly to her and started nibbling her earlobe and trailing kisses down her neck and then over her breasts as he fisted his hard cock. Chase licked and sucked her hard nipples before licking a trail down her stomach and then over her clit, making her shiver a little. She moaned quietly as he noisily slurped with his lips closed around her clit then he licked over her pussy lips. 

Next Chase licked and sucked on her clit while he fingered her and kept stroking himself before he came back up and kissed the lips on her face fiercely as he positioned his member at her entrance. He slid into Veronica firmly and she gasped at the penetration as he pulled back to look deep into her eyes. Her face flushed in passion as he began thrusting into her at a faster pace than he normally started off with.

He kept picking up speed knowing that neither of them would last long at this rate. He started whispering sexy, dirty, naughty things in her ear. Just as he knew she was about to orgasm, he said to her "I'd love for you to watch another man get me off the way you do." He worried for a second that he'd turned her off as she seemed to go very stiff and still underneath him. However, just another few seconds later and her pussy was clenching and spasming intensely on his dick in a way he couldn't remember ever happening before.

"Oh fuck!" she screamed out as she came. He realized then that his suggestion had really pushed her over the edge and he pumped into her even faster and harder. He really let go and pumped into her as deep as he could go. He felt another wave of her pussy tightly clenching around his cock, as he sprayed her walls, she gripped him, pumping her hips rapidly and milking all of his seed out, as he completely emptied his cum into her. 

When he was finished, he rolled off of her, dropping onto his back on the bed, feeling spent and breathing heavily. "Wow. That was an amazing morning fuck," Veronica commented, panting. He kissed his wife on her forehead in response then got up and headed to the bathroom to clean himself up again before going to work. 

All day all he could think about was if Veronica would really be into having a threesome with him and another guy. Even if she would be open to doing something like that, how would he approach asking her? Who would the other guy be? Would doing something like that make things weird between him and his wife? Feeling distracted and relatively unproductive, Chase left the office early for the day.

Knowing that he had arrived home before Veronica, he immediately went and got back on his computer. He had another ten comments on his video, all of which were overwhelmingly positive. Scrolling up, he decided to click on the screen name for BiBigDickBoi84. Seeing a number of video clips on Bi's page, he clicked on the most recent one entitled "self facial." Chase watched mesmerized as a very attractive, athletically built, young, tan skinned black man with clear green eyes jerked himself off on the screen. Chase was drawn into the man's eyes as he stared directly into the camera while he stroked himself and played with his own balls. Just as he was nearing orgasm, the man closed his eyes and pointed his huge, thick cock at his face and then proceeded to shoot a super load of creamy cum all over his own face.   

Chase was so entranced by the scene that he hadn't noticed Veronica come in. He looked up to see her giving him a strange, yet curious look. "I was just coming to pick up my lunch I'd forgotten this morning and heard you in here. By the way, what are you looking at?" she asked, eyeing his hard on straining against the inside of his slacks clearly visible underneath the chrome and glass topped desk holding his computer. 

'Shit! I'm so busted,' Chase thought to himself. However, instead of panicking and hiding his latest obsession, he stood and took Veronica by the hand. He pulled her over to him, retook his seat and pulled her into his lap – all without saying a word. Then he re-started the four minute video clip so they could both watch it together. As BiBigDickBoi84's clip played, Chase nibbled on Veronica's ear, trailed his fingers over her breasts and reached underneath her skirt. When he reached into her panties, he found her pussy sopping wet so he played with her clit, rolling it between his thumb and index finger. Then he switched to rubbing her clit in an up and down motion using his index and middle fingers. Very quickly she was moaning and soon she had an orgasm just as the guy on-screen splattered cum all over his own face.

Chase slowed his hand movements and began to whisper in his wife's ear while he nibbled on her earlobe again. "Did you like that?" he asked quietly, slipping his middle finger inside her pussy. Silently, she bobbed her head up and down. He added another finger and thrust them in and out of her faster now. "Would you like to watch me with another man? Or maybe join us for a threesome?"

"Oh yes!" Veronica was moaning out as she neared another orgasm.

"So you'd really get off watching another guy suck my dick baby?" he asked her, still keeping his voice in a low, seductive tone while continuing to finger bang her.

"Yes, yes, fuck yes!" Veronica shouted out as she clenched her pussy around his fingers, her inner walls squeezing and contracting on his digits as he finger fucked her even faster.

"Good," he said removing his fingers from inside her panties when she was finished cumming. He lifted her up and turned her to face him as he sat her on the desk in front of him. Her face was flushed with a wild lust he hadn't seen from her in quite a while. He pulled her skirt up over her hips and without warning, ripped her panties off. The unexpected action jolted her slightly, but above all else, seemed to thrill her. She bit down on her bottom lip sexily as he unzipped his pants and pulled his dick through the opening of his boxers and unzipped trousers. He was completely erect and in one swift move he thrust almost completely into her. 

She gasped at the swift penetration and he relished the feeling of her warm, wet walls encompassing his cock. Chase closed his eyes and pumped in and out of her in long even strokes as he replayed in his mind BiBigDickBoi84 giving himself a facial. Veronica pulled his head down to her face and started whispering naughty things into his ear this time. "I wanna take your cock and his in my mouth and suck on them at the same time. I want to deep throat the two of you until you both cum, spraying jizz on each other and all inside my mouth and throat." Chase could easily visualize his wife's fantasy with him and the guy they'd both watched on screen and as she spoke the words, it was really turning him on.

Chase was close to cumming now and Veronica knew it, so she continued. "I wanna watch the two of you sixty-nine each other, sucking and licking on each other's hard, huge, thick cocks. Then I'll lick your ass crack while that guy sucks your dick until you shoot your load all down his throat." As she spoke her last few words, Chase pounded Veronica's pussy as fast and furious as he could, groaning in ecstasy as he released his orgasm, unleashing his seed deep within her. As he was finishing his orgasm, Veronica came on his dick and Chase knew that they were both feeling very satisfied. Well, as satisfied as they could be for the time being until they could find a way to invite BiBigDickBoi84 to their private party...