 Bi Curious 2: Some Changes

Some things are going to have to change around here

To say that we are in a different tax bracket than Tom and Sharon would be an under statement. The table that Sharon had me strip naked and lie down on still dripping from my adventure with Dave that morning, is an $18,000 custom built table and the six chairs around it are $1,000 each. The big screen TV that showed Sharon and I bigger that life pleasuring each other has a $20,000 Bose surround system. If Tom had cranked it up every one in the neighborhood could have heard us getting each other off, even though the house sits in the center of 5 acres. If that wasn’t enough there is a matching system down stairs in what we have come to call “Kelly’s Bar” not to mention the light and sound system for the dance floor. Anyway Dave and I are out of our league here but when we are together it doesn’t seem to mater. Tom and Sharon are so down to earth loving people.

I am used to waking up with Dave snuggled behind me holding my tit but this morning it was a much softer hand holding me. I thought she must be doing it in her sleep when she started squeezing and massaging it. Then she started brushing her finger back and forth across the nipple, which was making it very hard. I turned in her arm and she was looking at me and I kissed her good morning. We started to giggle and I put my finger to her lips to be quite. We slid out of the bed and headed for the kitchen still naked and snickering. By the time we got to the kitchen we were both laughing. Everything seemed funny to us from the action last night to waking up together this morning. What had us laughing so hard was when we got to the kitchen Sharon said, “I can’t wait till the guys wake up and find out they are sleeping alone and naked with each other.”

I went over and sat on one of the stools at the breakfast bar and Sharon put the coffee on. She came up behind me and put her arms around me cupping a tit in each hand. She leaned down and said, “You never got your three-way last night.” 

I patted her hands and pulled her around to sit with me and said, “I’m sure there will be many other times, but next time I go first.” We both laughed. 

Sharon poured our coffee and sat back down. Bouncing up and down I asked her “So tell me what was it like to have both men at the same time.” 

Now it was her turn to start bouncing, “You would not believe it. I had Dave’s cock in my mouth and was concentrating on him when I felt Tom start to slid into me. I felt so delightfully used yet in such complete control over both of them. I had so many emotions of good/bad, should/ shouldn’t, yes/no. I mean here is my husband that I love and adore fucking me from behind while I’m sucking on another mans cock that I have also come to like very much. When we got the rhythm going it was like one would cause the other. When Tom shoved into me it pushed me down on Dave, when I pulled back on Dave it would push my pussy back at Tom. I was just getting into enjoying the rhythm when they started cuming and that was a whole different sensation. I can’t wait till you get yours. You’ll be hooked as much as I am.” 

I said, “So you might want to do it again?” 

She laughed and said, “Every chance I get.”

I suddenly felt very serious and put my hands on Sharon’s legs, “I know we have not known each other very long but I feel we have gotten very close.”

Sharon put her hands on mine and said, “We’ve introduced each other to being bi and we’ve fucked each other’s husbands, I say we’ve gotten close.”

I took her hands in mine and said, “I’m being serious here. I would even consider you my best friend, I don’t know anyone else that I am closer to than you and Tom.”

Sharon was looking puzzled and said, “I would have to agree with that.”

i took a deep breath and said, “Well if we are going to keep this friendship on going there are some things we have to consider.”

Sharon was now even more puzzled and asked, “Like what?”

I laughed and said, “Well for one thing, can we get together and keep our clothes on? I mean we will be around friends and family and out in social situations and then there is Scott. Look at your lifestyle and then look at ours. We are all going to have to make some changes” 

Sharon's softened and she said, “I see your concern but I don’t think it will be a problem. Tom and I don’t have many real friends. We put so much time into building the business that we never had the time to develop any lasting relationships. Tom and I can’t wait to meet Scott. In fact why don’t you go pick him up and come over here for a baroque today?”

I was thinking to myself but the words came out, “I guess that would be the best place to start”

The guys were walking in just then and they were both still naked. I told Sharon, “You owe me your next three-way.” 

Dave asked, “What?” 

I kissed him and said, “Sharon and I had a bet as to whether or not you would come out naked.” 

Tom came by and asked, “Do I get one of those?” and I kissed him good morning too. 

Dave leaned down to kiss Sharon and said, “I almost didn’t, I’m so used to having Scott around but I saw that Tom didn’t bother so neither did I.”  

As Tom kissed his wife, I said, “Speaking of Scott we were just talking about picking him up and coming back here for a cookout.” 

Tom said, “Sounds great.” 

Dave said, “Can we keep our hands off each other that long?” 

I returned, “That’s what we want to see.”

Dave was looking out the kitchen window and in the light of day you could see the grounds. The pool was a natural pool setting and below that was the tennis court. Dave looked back and asked Tom, “What kind of business do you have?”

Tom softly said, “I build houses.”

Dave's eyes lit up and you could almost see the light blub over his head, “You’re “the” Tom Kelly?” I looked at Dave like he had six heads and he said, “You know, on TV, Let Kelly make you feel at home.” 

I looked at Tom, “the builder?”

Tom's looked down when he said, "I don’t remember any “the” on my birth certificate but yes that’s me. Does it make a difference?”

Dave came and sat on the stool behind me and put his arms around me and said: “My wife and I are sitting naked in the kitchen of one of the biggest contractors in the state, that’s going to take a few to sink in.”

Tom came and sat behind his wife, “I was hopping we would get to know each other better before you put it together. Sharon and I don’t have any friends that we can just kick back with and be our selves, let alone get naked with. I tell you what, let’s you and I go pick up Scott and we can talk in the car.”

Dave was still in a state of disbelief but said, “Ok, we can pick up Scott then run by the house so I can change and bring something for Lynn.”

The guys got dressed and left. Sharon came over and put her arms around me and said, “See every thing is going to be fine.” Sharon and I didn’t bother getting dressed till Dave called to say they were on their way. I think that’s why he called, he knows me too well. Dave will have to tell what happened in the car.

Dave’s story

Tom and I went to get dressed. I found my clothes still in the living room. We went out the back to the garage Tom said he would drive. When we got there it was a five-car garage and he asked which car to take. I looked down the line of cars and said, “Well the Rolls is too much I don’t want to give my 9 year old a heart attack, the Jag is too small.” 

He added, “The Olds is Sharon’s so I guess that leaves either the Landrover or the pickup.” 

We took the Landrover. Once we were on the road Tom started telling his story, “We haven’t always had this money. I started at 16 as a carpenter’s apprentice and worked my way up. Sharon and I were high school sweethearts and married right out of high school. She has been through a lot and put up with a lot so now any thing she wants she gets. She is the most important thing to me. When we were building the business we never had time to make any lasting relationships. A couple years ago I finally got to the place where the business runs it’s self and I can spend more time with Sharon. All the people we have met since then always put that “the” in front of my name and it goes down hill from there. That’s why I wanted us to get to know each other first. Your wife has had a great impact on Sharon and she needs a good friend and I think they are fast becoming that. Now I’ve said all that just so you know that I know where you are coming from and will probably get mad when I say what I’m going to say but here goes. I want Sharon and Lynn to be able to spend time together so here is what I propose. If you guys invite us over we will assume it is Dutch treat but if we invite you guys along, which I’m sure Sharon is going to want to do, it’s my treat. I don’t care what it cost me if Sharon wants it, it’s just the cost of making her happy. I know from a man’s point of view that would be considered an insult but I hope we can get this money thing behind us. Our wives are the most important things.”

I sat there a few moments then answered him, “You’re right I normally would be insulted but I keep seeing that tape the girls made and I have never seen Lynn so happy. I don’t mean the after glow from good sex kind of happy but both girls seem to glow. They are very good for each other. I don’t know if you noticed last night but they have a way of"

Tom finished my thought by saying, "finishing each other’s thoughts without talking."

I playfully slapped Tom and said, “Stop that”

Tom just smiled and said, “See it was meant to be."

I just shook my head saying, “Ok, I give you that. If I feel hurt or embarrassed I’ll just have to deal with it, that’s my cost for making them happy.”

Tom put out his hand and said, “So we have this money thing behind us.”

I took his hand and said, : “It’s going to take me a little to work on that. We are driving a car that is worth almost as much as my house. It’s going to take some time."

By then we were pulling into Grandma’s driveway. I went in to get Scott and his mouth dropped when he came out and saw the car. We drove to our house and of course I was feeling a little embarrassed but Tom raved about our house. I thought that coming from a builder that was something. I told Scott to go and change that we were going to Tom’s for a cook out. I told him that Tom and Sharon didn’t have any kids and except for the pool table, the dart-board, the swimming pool and the tennis court, there wasn’t much for him to do there. He went running into his room to change. I changed and got some clothes for Lynn. On my way out I checked my e-mail, just a habit. Apparently one that Lynn was counting on. There was an e-mail from the girls. I pulled it up and there they were both still nude holding each other’s tit and it read, “We hope you guys are getting along, we sure are.” I told Tom to check the e-mail and I called to let them know we were on our way.

All the way back to their house Scott was asking a million questions and Tom was laughing and answered every one. This could turn out to be a very good day.

Back to Lynn

Sharon and I were out by the pool, me in my summer dress and Sharon was wearing shorts and a top, when the guys got back. Scott came running up going a mile a minute about all the things he and Tom talked about in the car. Dave gave me my shorts and top and I said I was going to change. Tom took Scott to show him the game room. They went through the doors by the pool and I went up and around through the kitchen. 

A few moments later the bedroom door opened and it was Tom. I was standing there nude, actually I was waiting hopping that he would come up. How long does it take to whip off that dress, 5 seconds? Tom dropped his pants bent me over the bed and fucked me good and fast. When he pulled out of me I lay on the bed looking up at him and said, “I guess the answer to Dave’s question is, no we can’t keep our hands off each other for that long.” He laughed and we cleaned up and went out to join Sharon and Dave by the pool. 

At one point I kept an eye on Scott while Dave and Sharon got away for a quick blowjob. He could have fucked her but she loves sucking cock and Dave loves to be sucked so we know they will get along fine. Even Sharon and I had our time together as we were getting the food from the kitchen. Looking out the window at the three guys while Sharon was licking away at my pussy.

We decided to not include Scott until we learned how to control ourselves, which we finally did. Over the next few months Tom and Sharon became like second parents for Scott, which had it’s draw backs. If mommy and daddy don’t get it for him, Tom and Sharon will. Add that to the grand parents and this kid wanted for nothing. We did manage to talk Tom out of the horse even though we all knew he had the room to keep it. We also decided that all the things we wanted to do to, for and with each other could not be done in one night and a few stolen moments, so we told Grandma we were going away the next weekend. We did, we spent the weekend at Kelly’s Bar.

I headed over to Tom and Sharon’s right after work. Tom wasn’t home yet and Dave wouldn’t be there for a couple hours. There was some light kissing and stroking but for the most part we just sat and talked, and after the last two weekends there was a lot to talk about. Tom came down the stairs about half an hour later and as he came down the stairs he announced, “The  Bar  Is  Now  Open! What are you girls drinking?” Sharon and I went to sit at the bar and Tom went behind it. We ordered white wine and as he put the drinks in front of us he said, “You two still have your clothes on, I though I would come home to two beautiful naked women.” 

He fixed himself a drink and as he came from behind the bar I said, “Believe it or not we were just talking.” 

He came and took us both by the arm and led us to one of the couches and said, “Talking is good what are we talking about?” As we sat down he kissed Sharon hello then turned and kissed me.

We sat talking and he sat his drink on the table and had a hand on both our legs. I asked how he and Dave were getting along. He said that they had talked several times on the phone that week and that they had even had lunch together one day. I asked, “So you two are getting close?” 

He put his arm around each of us and pulled us to him and said, “Well, we haven’t slept together like you two but yes we are getting close.” I didn’t realize how long we had been talking but Dave came through the back door. He knew we’d be in the bar. Tom stood and held up his glass and said, “Now the party can start.” Then he went behind the bar again to fix Dave a drink. They were laughing and talking, Dave on the stool and Tom leaning on the bar from the other side. It looked like a typical scene at the corner bar. I expected Dave to pull out money to pay for his drink.

Sharon and I came up to the bar and she said, “We’re ordering in how about pizza?” We all agreed and Tom handed her the phone from behind the bar. 

As she was dialing Tom said, “Would you like some wings with that, how about some bread sticks or maybe you want to get some"

Dave slapped the bar to get his attention and said, “Remember Tom we are the friends not the clients.”

Tom looked shocked then laughed and said, “ok, ok bad habit, bad habit” and he slapped his hand in mock discipline.

The bar was well lit through the glass wall leading to the pool area but Tom put on the lights and music on the dance floor. He came around from behind the bar and asked, “Who wants to dance?” and as he be-bopped over to us he said “We are going to party like it’s 1999.” 

We all told him that was two years ago. He said, “Who cares, we are still going to party like it’s 1999.” He took my hand and to the dance floor we went. Dave and Sharon followed and took a seat at one of the tables. It was a fast song and Tom and I were dirty dancing as best as we could. The next song was a very seductive one and as I started running my hands up and down my body Tom said, “Go Girl” and went and sat with Dave and Sharon. I started doing a slow and seductive strip for my three admirers. When I was down to just panties and bra, remember I just came from work, Sharon joined me. She was only wearing shorts and a pull over top so we were naked about the same time. When that song ended and the next one started Sharon and I danced with each other. We did everything but fuck each other on the dance floor. We had gotten in to dancing with and for each other so much that we forgot about the guys. We were touching and stroking and playing and when we did look back at the guys they were both sitting there naked watching us. I danced over to Tom’s lap and Sharon danced over to Dave.

The party was just getting going as the guys stroked and kissed us all over. I had my tongue in Tom’s mouth and he had his fingers in my pussy. Sharon was just going down on Dave and the door bell rang, “pizza’s here”. All at once the four of us said, ”Damn!” Tom pulled the money from his pocket and Sharon and I both went up to get the pizza still stark naked. 

“Change number 2” 

Sharon and I had become bolder and enjoyed showing off. It started off just trying to out do each other to tease our husbands but the more we did it out in public the more we were doing it for ourselves. When we came back with the pizzas we were both laughing. Tom said, “I guess the delivery boy enjoyed the show?” I looked at Sharon and we both started laughing again and as she was putting down the boxes and opening them up I told them the story.

“I left the money on the TV so we would have to bring the pizza in and then get the money. When we opened the door the delivery boy’s mouth dropped open. 

Sharon added, “He was nice looking too.” 

He just starred and handed Sharon the boxes. When she went to get the money I told him that our husbands were waiting downstairs so we had to hurry but if he wanted a quick feel it would be ok. Sharon was back with the money and he stammered, "bbbbbboth of you?" 

I looked at Sharon and said, "sure." 

He took the money and shoved it in his pocket with out even counting it. (I looked at Tom) so he didn’t even notice your tip just ours. His hands went to both our pussies and first he sucked my tit then Sharon’s. While he had his fingers in us (I looked at Sharon and said I got two, she said, one at first then the other one) we both kissed him on the cheek then backed away and closed the door. For all we know he is still standing there with pussy juice dripping off his fingers.

The guys grabbed us and kissed us and shoved their fingers where the delivery boy’s had just been. Tom said, “Oh, what little sluts you two are becoming.” 

Sharon responded with, “and you love it as much as we do”. 

We all sat around the table between the two couches. Before we started eating I said, “We all know we are here to fuck each other as many times and in as many combinations as possible so that by the end of the weekend we can behave ourselves in social situations. I just want to say that I do not do anal and that I am not in to pain most anything else is ok." 

Sharon jumped in and said, “That goes for me too, except just once I want both of you in me at the same time (she looked at me) and you on my face. Just once and that’s it I just want all three of you in me and on me at one time.” 

We all looked a bit surprised but Dave kissed her and said, “I think that can be arranged.” 

Tom held up his glass and toasted, “To good friends and a long future.”

We started eating and I said, “Speaking of the future I have am idea.” And I told them about my vacation plan. It turns out that they have two timeshares just like we do so that means 4 weeks anywhere in the world. We went around the table telling where we would like to go and with whom. I started, “I would like to go to Las Vegas, just me and Sharon. We can flaunt and tease all day in “sin city” and come back and please each other at night.” 
