 Chapter 3 The Getaway

We feel more comfortable including Scott in our activities now. Dave and I are both amazed at how much Tom and Sharon enjoy "hanging out" at our place. They say it is more cozy, which Dave and I take to mean small and cluttered, but we enjoy their company. When they started coming over Dave made the mistake of taking Tom on a tour of the house. We had just bought it a couple years ago and we were slowly fixing it up the way we wanted.

One Friday I came home from work and there was a congestion of construction trucks in front of my house. All of them had the logo "Kelly Homes". I was standing looking at all these trucks when this guy came up and asked, "Are you Mrs. Davy?" I said, "Yes" and he just turned and walked back yelling, "This is the place." Yes that does make my husband's name David Davy which is why we don't mention it much. 

I was shaking my head when Tom pulled up. I told him, "You know Dave is going to have a fit." 

Every time you try to stop Tom his response is always the same, "What is money for if you can't spend it on the ones you love?" He said, "You and Dave have given Sharon and I so much, it's just our way of saying thank you." 

I had to laugh and said, "A card would have been nice, not a $30,000 renovation."

The guys had already started working when Dave got home. I met him at the door and he just shook his head and said, "I said the wrong thing again didn't I?" I just nodded. We have learned to be careful what we "mention" around Tom. It has a way of happening. That's anything from sex to, well, a $30,000 renovation. 

Tom came up to join us and handed Dave a beer from the fridge. We told Tom and Sharon to make them selves at home, our house was their house and they took us literally. It was like we all had two houses, one for fucking and one for hanging out. Tom said, "Looks like the men will be here most of the weekend so I guess you're stuck at our house this weekend." 

Scott heard that and jumped up and yelled, "All right!" and went running to pack a bag. Grandma was busy this weekend so she couldn't pick him up this week. Dave and I just shrugged our shoulders and started packing also. 

As we headed to the bedroom Tom yells, "You're going to love it when you get back."

We followed Tom back to his place and went in the back. Sharon was waiting for us on the patio outside the kitchen. When she saw us she waved and said, "I'm glad you're here. Tom said you were coming for the weekend." 

We each kissed her hello and I asked, "Did he tell you why?" 

She looked like she was trying to remember something and said, "Something about some remodeling you were doing." 

Kind of huffy Dave said, "That's an understatement." 

She laughed and asked, "Tom get carried away again?" Then she saw Scott and yelled, "Hi Scott. I'm glad you came, now we don't have to pick you up tomorrow." 

I grabbed her arm and asked, "What's tomorrow?" 

Waving her hands she said, "Oh, it's just some surprise Tom has for Scott." Then she looked at me and said, "You know I can't tell you, Tom likes to do that." In other words don't ask.

Tom came up beaming as he always does when he has something up his sleeve. He grabbed Scott's bag and said, "Let me show you to your room, I mean the guest room." Dave and I both said "TOM?" 

He turned slowly and said, "I converted one of the guest rooms to a kids room," then quickly added, "You never know when we might have kids stay over. You have to be prepared." 

Dave asked, "And what about the work on our house?" Tom thought for a moment the said, 'We just finished a big job and the next one won't start till next Friday. The guys needed the money." Then he stood proudly and stated, "Your house is helping 30 workers put food on the table for their families, you can't say no to that, can you?"

Tom has his own logic and there is no sense arguing with him. The way he presents it, you can't find anything to disagree with. Sharon said, "I'll take you up to your room. 

On the way I asked her, 'Doesn't Tom have an off button?" 

She laughed and said, "unfortunately not. I gave up. There were so many years we did with out and now he's trying to make it up and I don't think he will ever believe he's done that, and you know what he always says.....in unison we all say, "What is money for if you can't spend it on the ones you love?"

We go into our "guest room" it feels so weird to be staying at Tom and Sharon's and not be sleeping in the big big bed with them. This is just the first of many times when we bring Scott for the weekend. Once we were in the room we could give Sharon a proper hello kiss. While one of us was kissing the other was feeling her up and she returned it to both of us.

We went down to Scott's room and there was a 27" TV with a play station, a DVD/VHS combo unit. There was a basket ball hoop over the door. It was completely done up. Scott is the son he didn't have time for and now probably never will. If there was a fridge he could move in.

We had a great day just kicking back at their house for a change. When Scott finally came out of his room he went swimming and we had a cookout by the pool. We finally convinced Tom that a cookout was burgers and hot dogs and not T-bones. That night we hung out in the bar playing pool and darts with Scott. Finally Scott went to bed and once he's out he is out. So it was adult time to play but we still kept it low key. Tom and I sat on one couch and were making out while Sharon and Dave were on the other couch. Sharon and I were able to get the guys off with blowjobs, but it felt so strange going up to our separate rooms; but we both fucked our own husbands before going to sleep.

Next morning we had to remember not to go to the kitchen naked. After breakfast Tom gave Scott his big surprise. He was taking us all to the country club so Scott could use the riding stables, at least we thought that was the surprise. We drove to the club in Tom's Landrover and hit the stables first. We got Scott all set up. They go out in teams so he would have someone with him and wouldn't be back for much of the day. They go out and have a picnic lunch and it is all a big deal. Scott was very excited.

Once he was on his way we went up to the club to get something to eat and over lunch Tom told what the big surprise really was. He didn't want to say anything till he saw how Scott liked it. He got Scott a membership to the club so he can use the stables anytime he wanted, remember the horse we thought we talked him out of. Now he didn't want Scott to be dependant on him or have to come by himself so guess who are the two newest members of the best country club in town. Sharon was so excited that we had this to share. She started, 'and we can come an "do" lunch and just have a girls day together." 

Tom looked at Dave and said, "I guess you'll have to learn golf now."

After lunch they showed us around the club and grounds and all the things that were available. You would be surprised how many hidden places there are in the club and on the grounds that a person could engage in sexual activity, if they were so inclined, which we were. Tom and Sharon seemed to know each and every one of them. I think they have been using them themselves and now were delighted to point them out to us and of course we had to explore each and every one. One time it would be Tom and I taking advantage while Dave and Sharon would keep watch then next time it would be the other way around. One time way out on what I think they call the back 9 or something like that there is a densely wooded area. Tom and Sharon and I went into the woods and stripped naked. Tom was fucking Sharon while she went down on me. After he had emptied into her he got dressed and went and sent Dave back. Dave could not believe he found two naked women in the woods. He then fucked me while I went down on Sharon's freshly fucked pussy. By the time we got back to the stables to wait for Scott all of us had been fucked or sucked three or four times. I think I'm going to like this club. Scott's team came back and the guide helped him off the horse and he came running over grinning from ear to ear, and said, "That was great mom can we come out here again sometime." 

I gave him a big hug and a kiss and turned him around to face Tom and said, "You'll have to ask Tom." I knew Tom wanted to tell him. 

Tom got down to his level and said, "You and your mom and dad are members here now. You can come here any time you want." 

Scott looked up at me and said, "really mom?" 

I said, "yes dear. You should thank Tom he arranged it all." 

Tom was still down on one knee and Scott ran over threw his arms around Tom and said, "Thank you Uncle Tom." Where the hell did that come from? I guess he didn't feel right calling him Tom and Mr. Kelly didn't fit either so he came up with that all on his own. So from then on it was Uncle Tom and Aunt Sharon and Tom was thrilled.

We went up to the club for diner before heading home. Scott could not believe all the food on the menu, it was 15 pages. He still ordered a hamburger and fries. That blew Tom away. He said, "We have got to teach this kid to appreciate good food." 

Dave and I looked at each other and laughed then told Tom, "Lot's of luck." We finished diner and went back to the house. Uncle Tom spent the rest of the night with his "new" best friend. I think Dave was jealous about being replaced as Tom's best friend. He doesn't get jealous that his wife is fucking his best friend and his best friend's wife, but he gets jealous over his son and his best friend. Who can figure men.

Uncle Tom and Scott played games on the play station, and played pool and darts. The three of us could be fucking our brains out in the corner and they wouldn't have even noticed. The three of us did curl up on the couch in the bar and put on a DVD. Dave was laid back against the arm, I was laying on his chest between his legs and Sharon was laying with her head in my lap between my legs and her legs over the other arm. Tom joined us about 9pm. He said that Scott fell asleep with the controller in his hand so he put him to bed. He sat on the floor in front of us to watch the rest of the movie. 

About 10:30 Dave said, "I think it is about time we head up stairs for some "at home sex"" 

Tom and Sharon both turned and asked, "What is at home sex?" 

Dave and I laughed and I explained, "That's when it is just Dave and me at home. We started calling it that since we met you two. Giving it a name makes it something special, makes it exciting. The same sex we have had for 10 years before we met you is now different because it is now not the only sex we have." 

Tom pulls Sharon's head to him to kiss her and says, "How about some at home sex?"

Tom stands up and reaches down to help Sharon up then me. As he pulls me up he pulls me into his arms and kisses me deeply. Dave gets up and as Tom puts his arm around me to led me up the stairs he puts his arm around Sharon and we all head up stairs kissing and groping. We stand in the hall and Dave has his hand under Sharon's skirt playing with her pussy and kissing her. Tom does the same to me and then we go to our respective rooms for some much needed at home sex. Dave and I look in on Scott on the way and he is out cold, but he had a big day.

Sunday morning Sharon and I are sitting in the kitchen wearing just our robes drinking our coffee. She pulls me to her and kisses me saying, "I miss waking up with you." 

I kiss her back and say, "so do I" as we kiss both of us reach into the other's robe and massage our tits. We hear Scott coming and break the kiss and fix our robes, I wink at Sharon and said, "We have all day to finish this." Scott comes in all excited. He is telling us all the things he did on his ride yesterday and all the things he wants to do today. Tom is taking him back to the club and while Scott is riding he is going to teach Dave the finer points of golf. This is the first time in a while that Sharon and I will have some time for just the two us. She had asked if I wanted to go to the club for brunch and I told her that I would rather eat in. 

She just smiled and answered, "Sounds great to me."

The guys came in all dressed to go play. Tom was dragging his clubs. Sharon asked if they wanted any breakfast and Scott was jumping up and down asking, "Can we go now?" 

Tom laughed and said, "We'll get something at the club." Then he told Scoot, "Ok we can go now, go get in the car and we'll be right there." Scott jumped up and was out in a shot. Tom kissed Sharon and told her he would call. 

Dave kissed me and said, "Wish me luck." 

Then Tom came over to me and shoved his hand through my robe grabbing my pussy. He pulled me to him and kissed me deeply and said, "Don't eat all of her save some for me." I looked over and Dave was kissing Sharon. Her robe was totally open, he had her bent backwards with his hand in her pussy, her tits were exposed and he was kissing her very deeply.

They went out the back and headed for the garage. Sharon and I watched from the kitchen window. When we saw the guys back out and pull out the driveway, Sharon and I both dropped our robes. She was standing by the sink and was running her hand along the edge of the counter. Without looking back she said, "This is where you first went down on me." 

I stepped up behind her bringing my naked body to hers, I reached around her and cupped her tits in my hands and said, "We were both so scared." 

She tilted her head back to me and said, "It seems like a lifetime ago." 

I kissed her neck and asked, "Do you have any regrets?" 

She spun in my arms and said, 'God No, Never. Do You?" 

I took her face in my hands and lovingly said, 'I could never have any regrets about making love to you." She pulled my face to hers and kissed me as passionately if not more than she did that first time.

Next thing I knew we were on the floor going after each other's pussys with all the need and urgency of that first day. After we both exploded I don't know how many times Sharon collapsed on top of me. She rolled off then came up to lie next to me. We were laying on our sides facing each other. She stroked my cheek and very gently kissed me then said, "God, did I need that!" 

I put my arms around her and pulled her close and kissed her then whispered in her ear, "You're not the only one." We lay there hugging till we were able to walk. We put our robes over our arms and got some fresh coffee and headed downstairs. We went out the glass door to the hot tub. We spent the rest of the day naked in the tub, laughing and joking, teasing and pleasing and just totally enjoying each other.

About 4:30 the phone rang, it was Tom. He said that they were leaving in about half an hour and for us to meet them at our house. One last long passionate kiss in the tub and we got dressed. I got all ours and Scott' clothes together and we headed down to our car. We pulled up to our house and parked right behind Tom's car. They had gotten there only moments before us. Tom got out and said, "They said it was ready. Let's see what it looks like." 

I don't know what I was expecting but was surprised to look and see that it still looked like our house. I don't know maybe I had thought they ripped it all down and built a whole new one, but I was relieved to see it still looking like our house. The changes came on the inside. We were standing at the door and Tom stopped and before opening the door said, "I made a couple up grades I hope you don't mind." He let us in and that's when we started seeing what was done, all new carpet through out (up graded), all new tile floors in the kitchen and baths (all up graded), new kitchen cabinets. The home office was completely reworked. So far not too bad, except we were looking forward to doing it ourselves. 

Then we opened the back door. Dave's work shop was built on the right side of the back patio like we were going to do but there were some new tools that Dave didn't have before. On the left where we were going to put one of those portable hot tubs, the $2,000 round padded ones, it was upgraded to hold 8 people in the tub and 8 on bar stools in the gazebo. We could have tag team fucking in the tub, 8 in the tub and 8 on deck waiting. If all this wasn't enough we heard Scott yell, "Where did that come from?" There was a 15' trampoline buried in the ground with the safety guard. Scott was already running out taking his shoes off and Tom was pulling his off as well and headed out right after him. We all stood there shaking our heads and laughing. 

Dave said, "What the hell, if you can't stop him might as well join him." And he pulled his shoes off as well. Sharon and I were both thinking that if Scott weren't around we would make great use of this, but since we were both wearing skirts, which we almost always do now, we declined to join them, much to the guys disappointment. Scott is too young to see his mother and Aunt Sharon bouncing around with their skirts flying.

Sharon and I sat at the patio table, which was also new, and soon the "old" guys had enough and joined us. We were sitting there talking and watching Scott when I mentioned that there was a three day weekend coming up and that Dave and I were both off and asked if Tom thought he could get away. He said he would make a few calls and arrange it. So now we were looking at out first trip together. 

Friday afternoon and I went to Tom and Sharon's house. I pack our bags the night before. We were all excited about getting away together even though we are always alone at Kelly's Bar and never have to get dressed till it is time to go home. There is just something about getting away. We were all loaded waiting for Dave to get there. Since we only had three days we could not go to any of the far away places we talked about that night in the bar. We were going to a cozy bed and breakfast in the mountains. The air is clean and the view is spectacular but there was one draw back, the rooms were very small and only had one double bed so we had to get two rooms. We figured we could still make the best of it. Dave got there and we were soon on our way. 

We were laughing and playing and "playing." When I got a crazy idea. I told the rest of them, "Since we had to get two rooms any way I was thinking that maybe we should just stick to one on one sex this weekend." They all looked at me like I was crazy. This was our first weekend away as a "group". 

Dave questioned me, "We finally get away all together and now you want at home sex?" 

I laughed and said, "I didn't say at home sex. I said one on one sex. Tom and I will check in as Mr. and Mrs. Kelly which means that you two are the Davy's. 

We are just two "normal" couples vacationing together. We'll still be together a lot like other couples it's just the sex will be with our new husbands. Sharon was the first to say, "this could be fun" I knew she would jump at it. The guys, like most guys, were looking forward to the group thing but they did finally have to say it could be fun to play the part. Sharon and I even changed our rings to make it look right. We got there and the Kelly's and the Davy's checked in and were shown to their rooms. The rooms weren't even close to each other so we were alone with our new spouses. It was only about 9:00p.m. and before we left the Davy's we agreed to meet for drinks in about an hour. You can do a lot in an hour.

Sharon and I had very similar personalities, that's why we hit it off so well. Since we have been together we almost mirror each other so I know that what is happening in their room in about the same as in our room. As soon as we closed the door Tom came up behind me and unzipped my skirt and let it fall to the floor. I was already unbuttoning my blouse so it too soon hit the floor and I was standing there naked. Tom came up behind me and put his arms around me and asked, "So, Mrs. Kelly, do I have you for the entire weekend?" 
