 Chapter 4: The letter

We had gotten back into our routine at Kelly's bar on Friday nights. Tom and Sharon came over often to hang out, use the hot tub and the trampoline. It was just the four of us having a great time as always then I got this letter in the mail. It read:

Dear Lynn,

I just wanted to let you know how things are going. Thanks for the pictures they did turn out great though John and I still keep them hid. Anyway back to the story, John and I invited Tina and Dale to the bar one night. We sat them at the same table telling them that since John and I work so much together they should get to know each other too. John kept pouring them drinks and every time I brought them over to the table I would stroke Dale. I started slowly by stroking his chest and as the drinks started taking their effect I started getting bolder until I was bending over stroking his cock. When John could get away from the bar he would come over and kiss Tina on the neck and started massaging her shoulders. Each time he came over his hands would massage a little lower. We wanted them to drink enough to be lose but not drunk and we want to keep them sexually excited. Who knows what they talked about when we were gone.

John had asked Tina to dress sexy and not wear a bra. She was a bit confused but did as he asked. She looked great that night. She had a short skirt and very low cut top and no bra. I know Dale noticed her though he tried to hide it at first but as the alcohol loosened him up he was staring openly. Tina seemed to enjoy the attention while John and I were busy. The more she drank the less like a lady she sat. She would lean in to talk to Dale and I know he could see most of her tits and her skirt was riding higher and higher. By the time we were ready to close the bar I was stroking Dale's cock which I know Tina saw; and when John came over he was massaging the top of her tits under her top, and I watched as Dale stared at her as John massaged her.

As John locked the front door I came and sat on Dale's lap facing him rubbing my hot pussy on his cock. John came over behind Tina who was watching me dry fuck my husband, he slid his hand inside Tina's top and massaged her full tits. She tried to stop him saying that they were not alone. 

John just said, "I'm sure Dale doesn't mind, do you Dale?" Dale didn't say anything he just stared. John started to unbutton the only button keeping her tits from falling out and said, "I bet Dale would love to see your tits." The drinks were having their desired effect and her protest was half hearted. The button was open and he was sliding the material off and looked at me and asked, "You don't mind if Dale looks at Tina's tits do you?" 

I said, 'Of course not I've watched him all night trying to see them he might as see them all."

John slid the material completely off and cupped her tits in his hands. She was getting very turned on and now made no effort to stop John. John looked at Dale and said, "I bet you would like to hold one of these. What do you think Sandy?" 

I said, "I'm sure he would." I took one of Dale's hands and put it on Tina's tit. It was like a bolt shot through all four of us. Dale reached out and had both hands on both her tits. I got off his lap and John backed away. Dale turned in his chair to face Tina and was soon sucking on her tits and Tina's head was thrown back and she was moaning. I went to stand next to John to see what would happen. Tina reached over to stroke Dale's cock just like she had seen me do all night. The next thing we knew they were kissing. John and I looked at each other and knew we were home free.

While they were kissing John pulled Tina's top off leaving her topless. Then he pulled her to her feet breaking the kiss. Dale stood with her. I walked behind Dale and John unzipped Tina's skirt and it fell to the floor. She was standing in just her panties looking at Dale. Dale was so stunned he did not know what to do so I helped him. From behind I pushed his hand over to Tina's panties and as soon as he touched it he took over. He knew what to do from here on. He pulled Tina to him and kissed her with his hand rubbing her panty covered pussy.

Dale broke the kiss and went down on his knees and slowly pulled Tina's panties down. They popped lose and he let them fall as he leaned in to kiss her pussy. Tina was beginning to wobble and John held her and lowered her to the floor. Dale spread her legs apart and went down on her. She lay there letting Dale eat her for a while moaning then sat right up and went after his pants. Dale stood up and Tina was pulling his pants down. They got to his knees and Tina went after his underwear. When his cock popped into view she went down on him like a calf on a tit. John and I were out of our clothes and he was watching his wife suck another mans cock for the first time. No man could take the treatment she was giving Dale for very long and with out notice he shot right in her mouth. 

John exclaimed, "She doesn't do that!", before he had the words out Dale was sitting back in his chair and she had John's cock in her mouth. She was a woman gone mad. I think if there had been 12 cocks, she would have sucked them all dry. Oh what a slut she was. I thought of offering her my pussy as a substitute but thought that might be pushing it.

Boy was I wrong. John tried to pull out of her but she grabbed his ass and wouldn't let go till he had given her all he had. John fell back in the chair behind him. She looked around like a wild woman and seeing nothing but my pussy left pushed me to the floor grabbing my tits in her hands and dove into my pussy like she had been eating pussy all her life. I was so surprised that I came as soon as her tongue touched me. When I realized what was going on I move myself around under her. I reached for her ass and she lowered her pussy to me. The moment I touched her she started cuming like gang busters and kept cuming.

That must have what she needed for after a few orgasms she started to slow down. She finally rolled off me and tried to cover up saying how embarrassed she was and that she didn't know what came over her. 

John who was fully hard again watching us go after each other, sat down next to her and said, "What ever it was it was the most fantastically beautiful thing I have ever seen." He rolled her on her back and was fucking her in record time. That was the reassurance she needed and was able to get into it. Watching them fuck on the floor was the greatest thing ever. Dale was getting into it as much as I was and he lay me right next to Tina and fucked my brains out as well. The guys finally emptied into us and rolled off, first John then Dale. Tina still looked embarrassed needing reassurance from more that her husband. 

I rolled on my side facing her and pulled her over to me. I said, "John was right that was the most fantastic thing I've ever seen," I thought for a moment and leaning close to her continued, "or felt" and I kissed her. Her body, which was very ridged, relaxed and she kissed me back.

We all knew it was time to clear the air and we all had a lot to talk about. I started, "John and I were hoping you two would get along and that something might happen but this was more than we expected." 

Tina hiding her face said, "I have never done anything like that before. It was like I was possessed. I have never even thought about going down on another woman." 

I had to ask, "Did you like it, because I was wondering how I was going to get you to let me go down on you." 

She looked surprised and said, "You wanted me?" 

I stroked her leg and said, "in the worst way" stroking John's leg added, "and your husband too." 

She smiled and took Dale's cock in her hand said, "You can have mine if I can have yours." 

I laughed and said, "anytime anyplace." Tina and I hugged then kissed while we each had the other husband's cock in our hands.

Tina and I broke the kiss and winked at each other. She dove down on my husband and I went after hers. It wasn't long before Dale was fucking her on the floor and John had me bent over a table fucking me from behind. We have all "closed" the bar a few times since then. Dale and Tina know that John and I don't always head home right after work and we know that while we are at work it is not unusual for them to get together at either their house or ours.

I just thought you would like to know that if I had not lost it that night and gone down on John none of this would have ever happened. John and I both want to thank you for opening things up for us. This is all your fault, and we couldn't be happier.

Thank you

Sandy Dale, Tina and John

I showed the letter to our little group. After we finished fucking because we got so excited over it, we composed our reply. It read as follows:

Dear Sandy,

It was very nice to hear from you and we were all glad to hear that your situation worked out so well. Since our weekend in your little town we have talked many times about you and John and if we wanted to open our little group. The answer all the way around was a definite yes. Now you have your own mountain group and we don't know if you even want to open your group. If you did we would have to think about adding 4 instead of 2. We don't know if you told Dale and Tina that we caused this. If so are they as curious about us as we are about them. Whether or not we all decide to join our little groups we would still like to meet Dale and Tina. She sounds like a real fire ball if you get a couple drinks in to her.

We would like to invite all four of you down for the weekend whenever you can both get off. Tom and Sharon have a very very large house. We can put you up in one guestroom or two your choice. At the least it will be two groups of four enjoying each other enjoying each other, at the most who knows. We would like to get to meet them and get to know them.

There are two reasons that we wanted to open our group to you and John. First we had already been intimate with each other. Taking pictures of each other fucking is about as intimate as you can get with out fucking. Second is the distance. You are far enough away that it would not complicate our group yet close enough to enhance it from time to time. Those two things would still be true

We are all waiting to hear from you Call me you still have my number

Much love Lynn Dave, Sharon, Tom

The day Sandy got my letter she called me.

I answered the phone and it was Sandy, "Lynn, this is Sandy. Just got your letter. I wrote you that letter hoping that we might all be able to get together. We told Dale and Tina all about you guys. We even told them what happened between John and I that weekend. They said that under the circumstances they would have done the same. They are very much looking forward to meeting you also.

Excitedly I said, "That's great, so when can we expect you?"

Sandy was equally excited and said, "July 4th is in a couple weeks and believe it or not that is a slow time for us. People want to go some where with fireworks and such. There is not much doing here."

I told her, "That would be fine. Dave and I are both off, Sharon doesn't work and Tom won't have any problem get the time."

Sandy had calmed down some and asked, "You said that Tom and Sharon have a big house, how big?"

I tried to be careful telling Sandy, "You know Kelly Homes?"

Sandy replied wondering what that to do with anything.: "Who doesn't."

Again trying not to betray Tom said, "That's Tom, Tom Kelly but please don't mention it he just wants to be Tom, ok?"

Sandy now fulling understanding jokingly asked again, "So how big is this house?"

I felt I could confide in Sandy and started telling her, "Tom, Sharon, Dave and I always sleep in the master bedroom. We always joke that the bed was big enough for 8, maybe we'll find out. There are 4 more bedrooms. There is a full finished basement made into a bar. There is a full size natural pool, with a hot tub that will fit us all. Then there is the 5 car garage and the tennis courts. Does that answer your question?"

Sandy laughed and said, "I was wondering if there would be room for all of us. I guess so plus some. So I guess we'll see you 4th of July weekend"

Before hanging up I said, "great, I can't wait I'll tell the others."

The next two weeks were the longest two weeks, but the sex, even at home sex, was great anticipating the arrival of the mountain group. None of us knew what to expect and we were all wrestling with just what we did want to happen. Many times we all sat around before and after sex talking about the possibilities. Then it was Friday July 2nd. I got to Sharon's about 3:00 and Sandy and Dale pulled in behind me. I went over and gave Sandy a big hug and a kiss. She introduced me to Dale, a very nice looking man and he and Sandy just seemed to fit. I took them both by the arm and led them around back through the kitchen, where I knew Sharon would be. Just as we got to the back door Dale said, "You under stated how beautiful Lynn is." 

I turned and smiled, "Why thank you Dale. I love it when all my effort is appreciated. Flattery will get you anywhere with me." I took his hand and put it on my pussy over my skirt and leaned in the whisper, "anywhere." 

He looked at Sandy and she said, "I told you, you would enjoy this weekend." 

Just then Sharon opens the door and we all go in. Sharon gives Sandy a big hug and kiss and says, "And the man with his hand on my friend's pussy must be Dale." Dale puts out his hand to shake Sharon's and Sharon says, "Lynn gets a pussy rub and I get a hand shake, I don't think so." She takes his hand and shoves it into her panty less pussy and kisses him. Then she turns and goes into the kitchen yelling, "Who wants wine?" Sandy and I both say we did. Dale is still standing there speechless. 

Sandy walks by her husband with his hand still in the pussy playing position and says, "You are going to enjoy this weekend a lot." 

Sandy and Dale and I sit at the dinning room table. Dale and I on one side and Sandy at the end. As I sit down I pull my skirt up high making sure he can see my panties. Sharon brings out the wine and sets them down. She gives one to Dale and says, "You didn't answer so I brought you one any way." She puts mine in front of me and says, "Is that any way to sit" which brings Dale's eyes right to my panties and Sharon continues, "You are such a tease."

We sat around the table talking and flirting and teasing and once over his shock of our boldness Dale is flirting and teasing right back. After about an hour as the teasing and flirting got bolder and more explicit Dale had this look like there was a burning question on his mind. Finally he blurted out, "Sandy and Tina have gotten together a few times, do you two ever...you know,...uh." Sharon got up and came up behind me and said, "I think he wants to know if you and I ever do this." She leaned over and kissed me deeply and put her hand between my legs playing with my pussy. I reached up and started playing with her tits. After several minutes Sharon broke the kiss and turned to Dale and asked, "Is that what you wanted to know?" She leaned into Dale and said, "Yes we do but what we love most is a hard cock like this one." She grabs his cock.

Sharon is now sitting on the floor stroking Dale's cock through his pants. I get up and walk over behind Sandy and pull her up from her chair. Dale is looking down at Sharon when I call his attention by saying, "As much as we want that hard cock of yours we can't wait to get our hands on your wife." Sandy has on a little sun-dress and I grab the hem and pull it over her head leaving her in just her panties. I reach from behind and take one of her tits in each hand. Sandy leans her head back and we kiss. Not a glad to see you kiss but a deep soul searching kiss and her hand goes to my pussy. 

Just then we hear the music coming from the bar and Sharon and I both stop what we are doing and Sharon says, "Sounds like the party is starting. The guys must be home. Let's all go downstairs." Sharon gets up and takes Dale's hand and leads him to the door going downstairs. I take Sandy's arm and with her dress draped over the other arm and lead her down. Dave told me later what had been going on downstairs.

Dave's story

Tom picked me up from work so Lynn and I wouldn't have both cars there. As we were coming down the road just before the turn off for Tom's house we run into John looking lost. We pull up next to him and I roll down my window and tell John, "Almost to paradise, just follow us." We pulled in by the garage and when we got out John introduced us to Tina. She was a tiny thing barely 5 ft but had a body that could out do any woman in Playboy twice over. She was dressed conservatively in a simple white dress that came to just below her knee. It buttoned down the front to the waist and the skirt was full, like the dancers wear that flare out flat when they spin. Her face was the sweetest most angelic and she looked so young and innocent. She looked more like 20 than 34. The kind of girl you just want to wrap your arms around and protect yet she is so hot you just want to fuck her right there right then. We were walking up to the bar and I put my arm around Tina and said, "Welcome to our little bed and breakfast where the food is hot and the beds even hotter." 

In a low sexy voice she just cooed saying, "ooooooooh I like that."

We came in the bar and Tom went behind the bar to turn on the lights and John went behind the bar just out of habit. Tina and I sat on the stools and I said, "I wish we'd met you when we came up that weekend." 

Shyly she said, "I wouldn't have done you any good. I was very straight laced then. My whole life has opened up since then." 

Teasingly I pulled up just the hem of her skirt and said, "And just how open are you now?" 

She jumped off the stool and pulled up her skirt to the waist and twirled around showing her beautiful ass cheeks and said, "This weekend I'm open for just about anything." 

I told John, "Boy you got a hot one here." 

He laughed and said, "On the way down we talked about all the possibilities this weekend and she got sort of over heated." 

I had to ask, "What possibilities did you all talk about that got her this hot?" 

John said, "Well she just loves to fuck but what gets her going most is oral, both giving and getting. I told her that there were 3 pussys she could go down on and 4 cocks she could suck. That got her going but when I added the possibilities of adding that to getting fucked while she did and the fact that there were 7 different people that would love to go down on her, that's when she went over the edge."

I grabbed her hips and she jumped up and I sat her on the bar. I said, "Let's see what we can do to relieve some of that sexual pressure." She pulled her skirt up to her waist and I pulled her panties out of the way and she was naked. I mean really naked, bald, as in no hair at all, smooth as a cue ball. 

I was just leaning into lick that most beautiful pussy when I heard John say, "Hey, Tom, I didn't know you had a topless bar." We all looked and Sandy was coming down the stairs in just her panties.

Back to Lynn

We were coming down the stairs and when John saw Sandy he yelled, "Hey, Tom, I didn't know this was a topless bar." I looked and Dave already had Tina up on the bar, her skirt up to her waist and his hand in her pussy. 

We got to the bar and Sandy asked, "John, what are you doing behind the bar?" 

John shrugged his shoulders and said, "Just habit I guess. Tom, this bar is better stocked that the one at the bed and breakfast." 

Tom was turning up the music and said, "Then I guess you'll be able to fix us all a drink." 

John laughed and said, "Sure no problem, what will you have?" We all gave our drink order and I walked over to Dave. 
