 Chapter 5: What's A Girl To Do?

Over the next four to six weeks we all talked a lot by phone, planning and teasing each other and challenging each other. Sharon made all the arrangements. The timeshare was actually in La Jolla right on the beach. There was a 5 star restaurant a nice lounge with a dance floor and even a full service health spa. Sharon and I were flying out from one airport and Sandy and Tina from another. We were to meet in the lounge at the hotel about 6:00 p.m. Sunday night.

It was sad leaving our men at the gate but Sharon and I were very excited about this trip. Once we were airborne, Sharon started joking about whether two girls could join the mile high club. I put my head on her shoulder like I was going to sleep but under the cover I slipped my hand under her skirt. She opened her legs and I started playing with her pussy. I whispered in her ear if this didn't count for the mile high club then we would just start our own all girl club. It was about a 2-hour flight and the second half she slept on my shoulder and I came as many times as she had. 

The plane touched down in San Diego and we both agreed that this is going to be a great trip. We took a cab to the hotel and checked in. We just had our bags sent up to the room and headed for the lounge. Sandy and Tina came in just as we were starting our first round of drinks. All the hugs and kisses and tears, you'd think we hadn't seen each other in years. Sandy and Tina got their drinks and we took them into the restaurant with us. Larry, our waiter, was a very nice looking young man. With the mood we were all in you can imagine all the things we said to him and about him. Somewhere during diner he seemed to catch on to the idea that this might lead to more than just flirting. Needless to say our service was out standing.

Over diner I pulled out the letter that the guys had given me telling me to read it once we were all together. The letter was mostly from Tom. Since Sharon was making all the arrangements he knew the who, what when and where of it all and it seems he made a few arrangements of his own. He started off with the fact that a very good friend of his worked at the spa and one of us would get a full day treatment each day and that on Friday for Sharon's birthday we would all go together. Anything and everything we wanted at the spa was already taken care of. He said to just ask for Ursula. We all joked about who this Ursula was and just how good a friend she was. Tom continued with, "Dave and I neither one believe you four can go a whole week with out a good hard cock. We just want you to know that we are fine with it and Ursula may be able to help in that department also." So here were our husbands not only giving us permission to fuck around but setting up guys for us. They did have some request that they wanted us to consider.

1. never have more than two guys there at a time. Always keep the numbers 2 to 1 for safety sake.

2. Never bring anyone back that was not approved by everyone first. That is not the kind of surprises we want.

3. There is a man named Dick that I have worked with a lot as a sub contractor give him a call if you need anything.

4. Last, have fun and give us a call mid week to let us know how everything is going.

We all agreed that they seemed like pretty good guide lines, and that we sure would call Dick as soon as we could think of a good enough reason. We kept teasing and flirting with Larry and found out that he was single and would be working all week. We made him promise to be our waiter every night. As we headed up to our room it was Tina that added, "Maybe some nights you could bring desert up to our room?" 

He totally shocked Tina when he leaned down and kissed her cheek and said softly, "That can be arranged most any night." 

We got to the room and it was beautiful. We had two large separate bedrooms with a living room dining area and then the full kitchen. It was big enough that we would not be climbing all over each other all week We all unpacked and since we knew that the other bedroom wouldn't be used unless there was more that just the four of us, it didn't mater whose clothes went where. We all sat in the living room in just our panties sipping wine. It had been a long fun day. Sharon and I had gotten each other off on the plane, which we shared with the others. We had lined up one good hard cock when we wanted it with the possibility of at least one more. We decided to call it a night and as we all climbed into the same bed together we realized that this would be the first time we had all slept together. We all snuggled up close and were soon fast asleep.

Next morning no one wanted to get up. We all just cuddled and snuggled together. When we finally did get out of bed I seemed to be the most curious about Ursula so I took the spa day while the other three went out on their own adventure. Over diner Sharon showed me pictures of how she introduced the girls to flashing. They were showing their panties and tits every where, all over the hotel, all over the beach and even all around town. There was one picture where all three girls were standing showing their tits. Tiny Tina was in the middle and had her hands inside each of the others panties. Sandy and Sharon had their hands in Tina's panties. I'll bet that made the day for the lucky bastard that got to take that picture. Anyway back to the spa.

As soon as I walked in I knew which one was Ursula but I asked at the desk anyway. Sure enough this Barbie Doll came over. She had long thick wavy blond hair, big boobs, slim waist and long legs, she did look just like a Barbie Doll. She was wearing a tub top and shorts. She didn't seem to be dressing to be sexy , as a masseuse she was dressing for maximum movement. She was just one of those women that anything she wore would look sexy. 

She came over and introduced herself, "Hi, I'm Ursula and you must be Sharon."

I shook her hand and said, "No, I'm sorry. I talked Sharon into letting me go first. I'm Lynn, her best friend."

Ursula didn't look all that surprised and said, "Oh, right, Dave's wife. I'm glad I was looking forward to meeting you."

I was the one surprised and said, "Well it seems Tom has told you a lot more about us than he has told us about you."

Ursula laughed and said, "Let's start with some herbal tea and some time in the sauna. It will give us some time to get to know each other and will open up your pores." She got our tea and led me to a locker room. She pulled down her top and opened her shorts. She pulled her top and shorts off in one motion. She was a natural blond blue eyed Swede and everything she had was real. She wrapped a towel around herself and I did the same. As we entered the sauna she asked, "So how long have you known Tom?" 

I sat on one of the wooden benches and my towel fell open. I said, "We first got together about 8 months ago. Sharon and I became fast friends and it just grew from there. She was having the same problem with her towel and just opened it and laid it out on the bench. 

She smiled and said, "That would explain a lot."

I just had to ask, "What do you mean?"

Ursula smiled and told me, "Well Jason, my husband has been working now and then with Tom as a sub contractor. It started out as a joke, we would tease Tom about joining us, you know...in bed, but he would always decline. The more Jason and I teased about it the more I wished it would happen. About 7-8 months ago Tom started hinting that next time he might not be so quick to say no. Then when he called to arrange for your treatments he asked if the open invitation also included his wife. I wasn't sure what he was asking, I didn't know if he was asking if I wanted to be with her or if I would be willing to share Jason with her. I'm still not sure what he was asking."

I smiled and said, "Probably both. I have been with both of them."

Ursula seemed a bit shocked and asked, "So you and Sharon are both ......?"

I couldn't believe I said this to a total stranger, "Bi? Yes but only recently. It never occurred to either of us until it happened. Tom did say that you might be able to help us find a nice hard cock if we needed one."

Ursula seemed even more shocked, "So now he is offering my husband to four women for the week?"

I was feeling confident now and asked. "How would you feel about that? How would you feel if you were to join us? It's no big deal we think we may have lined up a couple hard ones ourselves. Larry, our waiter and some friend of Tom's named Dick."

Ursula got a glint in her eye and said, "Larry, from the hotel? He'd be thrilled but he is so shy you'll have to guide him the whole way. This Dick, is that Dick Lawson?"

I tried to think, "Yes, I think so. Do you know him?"

Ursula smiled and said, "That's who my husband works with. He is hot, I've fantasized about getting him myself."

I laughed and said, "Well maybe this week we can make a lot of fantasies come true."

Ursula seemed a bit uneasy now and said, "I think we have opened up more than just our pores maybe we should move on to your manicure and pedicure."

We wrap the towels around us and go back to change. All through the manicure and pedicure she was asking me all kinds of questions. What is it like being with another woman? What is it like to see your husband with another woman. Have you had both men at once. Her questions were endless and I tried to answer then as openly and honestly as I could. When we got to the full body massage she said, "This is as close as I've ever been with another woman and I had never thought about taking it any farther, until now."

She said she wanted to share something very special with me. She and Jason worship something called Tantra, some kind of sacred sex thing. It seems that the basis of the worship is the pussy which they call a Yoni. Ursula said in sand script it means "sacred spot" and she wanted to give me a Yoni massage. I didn't catch all that she was saying but told her she could do anything she wanted to do to me. All I can say is that if anyone ever asked you if they can give you a yoni massage grab it. It was the most fantastic mind blowing orgasm I have ever had. She showed me where my G-spot was, I thought I knew all about that but I was way off. She said that we would talk more about this Tantra thing. I suggested she bring Jason by the lounge for drinks later and just see what happens. She agreed that it would be a very harmless way to test the waters.

I got back to the hotel and we went down for diner about 7:00. Larry had our table all ready for us. They showed me the pictures and wanted to know about Ursula. I told them that she was your typical blue eyed blond Swedish bombshell. I told them we were to meet her and Jason later for drinks. Sandy and Tina were teasing Larry unforgivably, now that Sharon had gotten them into flashing. They both had a few too many buttons open on both their skirts and their tops. If that wasn't enough they just had to show him the pictures. They were both surprised when he got down between them and said, "I know a place on the beach where we could take some nude pictures if you are interested." Of course they both were as was I. The picture I was thinking about would be me getting fucked by Larry on the beach, I want to e-mail it back to Dave.

The girls talked Larry into meeting them for drinks when he got off at 8:30, then they went up to change. Sharon and I talked about Ursula and my day at the spa. I told her that Ursula was very interested in all of it, watching Jason with someone else, being with someone else and even curious about being with one of us. Sharon said that she was looking forward to her day with Ursula tomorrow. We finished our coffee and headed up stairs. When we got to the room Sandy and Tina were just about to leave. Tina's top was not shear it was damn near clear. I talked her into wearing a jacket over it since she wasn't wearing anything under it. Sandy's was very shear but it was black and the light had to hit it right to really show anything. Just as they opened the door to go out there was a man getting ready to knock. All three of them jumped. He said, "I'm Dick. Which one of you is Sharon?"

Sharon yelled, "Come in" from the living room. She was sitting on the couch and Dick sat in the chair. 

She introduced me and Dick said, "I just thought I would stop by and introduce my self. Tom asked me to look in on you, if there is anything you need just let me know." 

Sharon was feeling very horny and wanted to push the edge. She put her feet up on the coffee table exposing her panties for Dick to see, just to get his reaction. At first he tried not to look but I guess he decided she was showing for a reason and just kept looking. Very cocky Sharon asked, "Just what kind of things are you offering?" 

Dick shifted in his seat and answered, "Well if you girls need a ride some where or want to go some where just let me know." 

Sharon decided to push the limit and stood up, unzipped her dress and let it fall to the floor. She put her hands on her hips and looked right at Dick and asked, "What if what we need is a hard cock. Are you offering that as well?" 

Dick started stammering, "TTTTTTtom said ttthat this might come up but I thought he was joking. I never thought he would want me to, I mean I never thought he would let me, that he would allow me...." He finally put both feet flat on the floor and said, "Yes, that can be arranged as well."

Sharon and I both had to laugh. She walked over to Dick and pulled him up by his hand leading him to one of the bedrooms. She turned to me and said, "You don't mind if I get to know my husbands business partner a little better do you?" 

I laughed and said, "Of course not, just leave the door open. I have to change and go down to the lounge anyway." 

She was taking his clothes off as they went into the bedroom and she did leave the door open. I watched as she took his cock in her mouth while I changed. Dick kept looking from the naked woman sucking his cock to the naked woman changing in the next room. By the time I was ready to leave Sharon was on all fours and Dick was fucking her hard and fast. I leaned down and we kissed and I said, "I'll see you in a few minutes. This shouldn't take long."

When I got the lounge Ursula and Jason were already there and sure enough he was a Ken Doll. They were sitting in a round booth. I slid in next to Jason and put my hand on his leg saying, "So this must be Jason." 

Ursula introduced us and said, "I thought Sharon was coming with you." 

Keeping my hand on Jason's leg I said, "She'll be down in a few minutes she and Dick are, how should I put this, getting better aquatinted." 

Ursula smiled and said, "You mean that they are ....?"

I just laughed and said, "Fucking like rabbits? Yes they are."

Jason jumped in asking, "Dick Lawson?"

Still stroking Jason's leg now, I looked at Ursula and ask, "How much have you told him"

Ursula put her hand on his other leg and said, "Enough the get him interested."

Turning to Jason I say, "Ask me to dance and I'll fill you in."

Jason looked at Ursula and I took his hand and we went out on the dance floor. It was a very slow song and as I swung into Jason's arms I started telling him the story. How we started seeing Tom and Sharon about 8 months ago and how I had been with not only Tom but with Sharon as well. I told him that Ursula's bringing him there tonight showed that she had thought about it and agreed, now it was up to him. The song ended and he looked at Ursula and I said, "Want proof? Watch this." 

I led him back and got in the booth pulling him behind me. I was sitting between him and Ursula. I took his hand in mine and while I put my other hand on Ursula's leg I brought his hand to my knee. Ursula watched as I pulled Jason's hand up my leg till it was just under the hem of my short skirt. I made sure my skirt rode up as I slid in. I brought Ursula's hand and put it on Jason's. I told Ursula that whether Jason's hand went all the way up my leg or stopped now was up to her. She looked at her hand on her husband's hand just under my very high skirt then looked right in his eyes. She pushed his hand up and over my pussy and held him there.

I pulled Jason down to kiss him as I shoved my hand into Ursula's pussy. She opened her legs to give me room. Just then I heard Sharon, "Well I guess this is Ursula and Jason." Jason looked up and Dick was standing there with his arm around Sharon. She pushed Dick in next to Ursula and then climbed in behind him. At first we just talked at least on top of the table. Under the table I was stoking Jason's cock on one side and Ursula's leg on the other. Sharon noticed Ursula's legs open and put Dick's hand on her leg. When he started stroking it she put his other hand on Ursula's leg. They both jumped but Sharon shoved it back and he started stroking her as well. They just looked at each other and said nothing.

When Dick had gotten his hand inside Ursula's panties I took Jason's hand and shoved it into mine. He looked at my pussy then saw his wife's pussy with Dick's hand in it. Jason just stared at Dick playing with her. I don't think he realized he was pawing at my pussy as he watched his wife being fingered by someone else for the first time. Dick's other hand was deep in Sharon's pussy. She hadn't bothered with panties since getting fucked upstairs. We were all so intent on each other that anyone could have walked up even security, but it was Sandy and Tina. Sandy said, "We are going up stairs care to join us?" 

Tina added, "Looks like you need to go up stairs worse than we do."

Once up in the room we decided to relax, have a drink and calm down and at least introduce our selves. The conversation was anything but sexual. We talked about how long Larry had worked at the hotel and how long Dick and Jason had worked with Tom. We talked about Tom and Dave. It seems that Dick is a very big developer in town and Jason works as a masseur when he is not doing construction. While the conversation was not sexual the action certainly was. None of us felt like being a lady and the guys seemed comfortable enough to pet and stroke whatever and whoever was there. It wasn't long before things started heating up again.

The women started losing their clothes. I was the first to lose my skirt, Jason took it off. Tina lost her blouse thanks to Larry and since she was only wearing a nothing dress, Sharon was the first to go nude, thanks to Dick. Things got going when someone pulled out the sofa bed. Next thing I knew I was on the bed pulling out Jason's cock so I could suck it. Since Sharon had already enjoyed Dick she was helping Ursula fulfill her fantasy. Larry had his hands full with Tina and Sandy and I do mean full he had their pussys in each hand playing with both of them. The only difference from this and our fuck feast at Kelly's bar is that Ursula and Jason are the only ones that are married.

I came up off Jason's cock turned around and impaled myself on his cock. In front of me Ursula was on her hands and knees and Dick was just pushing into her. Larry was alternating between Sandy and Tina's pussys. Seeing his wife getting fucked by some one else for the first time, Jason rolled me over on my hands and knees so he could get a better view. Sharon lay down in front of Ursula. At first she just looked at Sharon then Ursula pulled Sharon's legs open and dove in on her. Let's just say Ursula is not curious any more. Jason pushed me even farther down so he could see Ursula eat her first pussy. He couldn't believe what he was seeing. When he pushed me down I was right at Sharon's face. I whispered, "This is only Monday night. We don't leave till Saturday morning." 

We both busted out laughing so hard I shoved Jason's cock out of me just as he started shooting. He shot on my back and all over my ass. This sent everyone over the edge and the girls fell down laughing and the guys were shooting every where.
