 It was a typical Saturday morning. My husband Brad and I had lived next door to our best friends and neighbors for over five years now. We had just moved into our new home, young in love and excited to begin our journey in life together. Jack and Doreen had moved in just two weeks later, and we'd been the closest and best of friends ever since.

Like us, Jack and Doreen had decided to hold off on having kids for a while, especially as Jack got his new business started. Brad, my husband was a carpenter by trade, and it naturally worked into the two of them going into business. They now designed and made deluxe beautifully styled wooden lawn furniture. Jack more or less ran the business end of things, while Brad entertained himself with designing new pieces, or improving those they had already placed into production. You'd have thought they'd grow tired of working together, but inevitably, they'd end up out in Brad's workshop most Saturday's, tinkering around with a new product, spending a goodly portion of the day together amidst sawdust and varnish. But just as their friendship had bloomed, so had Doreen's, and mine we were now virtually inseparable.

A year earlier Brad and I had put in a new hot tub, Jack and Brad had laid in the new beautiful redwood deck as well, and then just continued on with the project, building another out back of our friends place. Though our backyards were fenced of course with an eight-foot privacy fence, we had kept the two back yards between our homes together. That made it a lot easier for larger gatherings for one, with each of us invited to the others regardless of who was coming. In a way, we had seriously become family. And that made it a lot easier to hot tub as well, which we did often. We had let Jack and Doreen know that they could come over any time to use it, or entertain in it even if we weren't there. Such was the level of trust and friendship we had all gained for one another. So when the time came to put the tub in, and when Brad announced it would be a "skins" only tub, neither Jack or Doreen had any qualms about doing that whatsoever.

I was surprised at how comfortable we all were when we got naked in front of one another for the first time. There was no real awkwardness associated with it aside from the initial embarrassment, but that soon melted away the more we got together. Just sitting in the tub late at night relaxing, having a few drinks and busily chatting away soon overcame whatever inhibitions about being naked in front of one another anyone of us might have had. I'd never really had nor entertained thoughts of being with another woman, though after the second night of sitting out in the hot tub together, Brad and I had enjoyed a rather wild passionate night together. Part of which had come out of our confessions at being aroused at the sight of our friends. Doreen had slightly larger breasts than my own, and had even confided to me a while back how sensitive her nipples were. Apparently she could just about climax simply by having them played with. Mine too were very sensitive, something that Brad certainly appreciated as just feeling his hands on me would very often arouse me to the point of uninhibited, wild abandoned sex, though normally, I would blush at the mere thought of anything outside of the norm.

Secretly, I had of course enjoyed and gotten admittedly aroused over seeing Jack naked too. And though I certainly hadn't seen him in an aroused state, even flaccid, his penis looked to be more than adequate, and I had found myself wondering, even fantasizing about what it might look like when erect. Doreen had likewise confessed to me the same thing about Brad several days later as we sat over coffee discussing how much fun we had all had together, and how comfortable with our being nude in front of one another we had all become.

To pretend there wasn't an air of sexual tension whenever we got together would be lying. There was, though so far we'd only suggestively flirted in front of one another, while all were present, and never done anything behind one another's backs. Our friendship was too important and precious for any of us to even consider doing anything outside of that. But...we had the last time actually fucked in front of one another while out in the tub. It had been a very erotic and enjoyable evening for all of us. And though I still hadn't seen Jack's hard cock even in doing that, it was exciting enough to watch them doing it there in the water beside us as we did. We had later, discussed the possibility, though at the time I treated it as more fantasy of thought than anything really serious, each of us wondering what it might be like to extend that erotic naughty coupling we'd enjoyed together, into some mutual touching perhaps.

We'd discussed it, ended up getting aroused by it, and had fucked one another silly. But we hadn't pursued it any further after that either. I had soon learned that Jack and Doreen had been having very similar thoughts and discussions, and it was slowly starting to look like that could become a very real possibility. The following weekend, we'd indeed taken it one more step, though not necessarily a big one. Though for me at the time, it was. I had never done or experienced anything like that before. 

We had started out flirting, teasing one another just as we'd done before, but to my surprise, this time when the boys suggested we touch one another's boobs, we actually did! I think the fact that we actually did surprised them both, and they then of course urged us to do more. But neither Doreen or I went beyond that, though we had in fact kissed, enjoyed the kissing along with some additional booby grabbing, much to Jack and Brad's delight. That had led to Jack caressing my breasts to some extent, and Brad playing with Doreen's. It was again all in fun, though it had left us all fully aroused and very excited, once again ending up with us all fucking in front of one another. And this time, I had finally seen Jack's hard cock as he shoved it in and out of his wife, as she had turned around there in the hot-tub as he stood behind her fucking her doggy style. Needless to say, Brad soon urged me to do the same, which we did. Sitting there side by side with Doreen as she and I looked over at one another, occasionally even kissing while our husbands fucked us simultaneously together was one of the most erotic experiences of my entire life.

I was already looking forward to the following morning, Saturday, when as was usually the case, I'd end up spending the morning with Doreen over coffee. It was then that the two of us would usually compare notes, talk and candidly share what we were thinking with one another without much if any reservation in doing so.

"Cindy?" I heard my husband calling out to me. "You have any plans I'm not aware of for today?" he'd asked.

I knew where this was going, as was also usual, he was anxious to tinker around out in the shop. He'd recently been fooling around with a brand new design for a lounge chair, and Jack in fact had mentioned coming over the night before in helping him with it.

"Not until later on this evening," I responded back," Just the barbeque we spoke about having last night," I reminded him. "You promised to pick up the steaks remember? Doreen and I are putting together the potato salad this morning to go with it. So as long as you're still planning on doing that for me, I don't really have anything else that needs doing."

I could see the excitement in his eyes, it was evident he was anxious to get working on it, promising he'd pick up the steaks long before getting together. I had laughed, passing Jack on the way over to their house as he came out the back door of theirs heading over to join Brad out in the workshop. Doreen and I immediately got to work cutting up potatoes along with several other things, and then took a break, sitting down at her kitchen table in order to enjoy a cup of coffee together and have a bit of a chat.

"That was damn naughty fun last night wasn't it?" Doreen began. "I don't think that Jack and I have ever been that aroused, or as horny before," she told me. I was surprised at her candid revelation, though Brad and I had pretty much said the same things ourselves. "In fact..." Doreen paused looking at me, and I could see she was trying to gage my reaction before speaking her thoughts. "Jack told me how erotic it would be to see Brad fucking me while he fucked you side by side the way we did it last night." Doreen let that hang for a moment, waiting for my response. At first, I was caught a little off guard by it. Talking about it, even fantasizing about it was one thing, actually doing it...was another.

"Yeah, we've obviously discussed that a little too," I told her without coming out and saying it was something we would do, or wouldn't do. "But yes, it really was a rather naughty night wasn't it?" I tossed back at her remembering the way her hands had felt on my breasts as she played with them, and the way mine had when I'd first touched hers.

"You ever done anything with another woman before?" She asked.

"No, not really, have you?"

Doreen laughed. "A couple of times yes. Once way back in high school, and another just before I met and married Jack. One of those girls night out things, not quite a bachelorette party really, as he hadn't officially asked me to marry him yet, though I knew then he was soon going to. But I'd gone out with a group of friends, one of which was an old high school friend I hadn't seen in years. I had always known of course that she had a thing for women, but she'd never approached me in all the time I had known her. Until that night."

I was intrigued, admittedly getting a little aroused hearing this. "Go on...don't leave me hanging!" I urged her, once again hearing her laugh and smile. She actually reached over, giving my breast a quick cop and a feel before standing up to pour us both some more coffee. I was pleasantly surprised to feel my nipple respond to her touch, quick as it was, and through the material of my bra when she did it. "You're nasty you know that?" I teased her. Doreen looked over the rim of her glasses towards me as she poured our fresh coffee.

"If you only knew," she half murmured, just loud enough that I overheard her. 

"Knew what?" I asked taking the bait.

"Can you keep a secret?" she asked.

"Of course I can! But you of all people should know that!" I said honestly intrigued now.

Doreen studied me for a moment silently as though weighing if she should in fact share with me whatever secret it was. I could see however that whatever it was, she was worried about telling me. Obviously even as close as we were, she was unsure of my response, or how I might actually react to whatever it was.

"I enjoy being with women as much as I enjoy being with men," she said softly, only then looking at me directly. "Though obviously, it's not like I'm out there running around doing that or anything, especially since I haven't been with another woman since Jack and I got married. But I certainly think about it, a lot. And then after last night, just touching you as briefly as I had, I knew then and there, I wanted to do more with you. A lot more! Does that shock you? Surprise you?" she asked.

It did, and I told her so. We were too good of friends for me not to. But I didn't tell her in such a way as to have been offended by her revelation. For one thing, I had gotten pretty aroused myself when she had. Added to that, Brad had gotten obviously aroused as well, so much so that we had not only fucked outside in the hot-tub next to our friends, but had done so again after going into the house to bed. We had a pretty good sex-life, always had had, but it was still rare that Brad ever got it up more than once during the same night. 

"So that it does surprise me a little on the one hand," I then began offering, "It doesn't really surprise me all that much on the other, after all, I was certainly aroused myself as you well knew Doreen. And I will honestly admit, I enjoyed playing with you too," I told her. She smiled at that, obviously relieved.

"I hoped that you were," she told me. "Touching you, kissing you, turned both Jack and I on tremendously too," she informed me. "Even after we went back inside the house, Jack attacked me again even before we got upstairs to the bedroom!"

I laughed at that, sharing with her our very similar experience. "Obviously, seeing the two of us doing even the little we did do had quite an impact on the boys didn't it?"

"Obviously," Doreen said smiling back at me. "And not only that, but Jack really was horny just thinking about Brad's hard stiff cock fucking me too, and he you as well," she then added. "One of my biggest fantasies in fact, and Jack's, is to have another man fucking me from behind while he goes down on me at the same time."

"Holy shit! Seriously? He'd do that?" I said in surprised wonder. She'd just painted a very vivid image in my own head, wondering what that would actually feel like, let alone look like. But I couldn't imagine for a moment Brad doing something like that himself. Doing the fucking maybe, but certainly not the pussy licking with another man's cock in such close proximity.

"Yeah, he would," Doreen said seriously once again. "Jack's not at all homophobic, he's in fact admitted to me on more than one occasion that he enjoys seeing other men's cocks squirt, things like that. And that as a young boy, he had in fact had a few encounters with other guys his age, circle jerks, things like that."

I couldn't remember Brad saying anything one way or the other that would indicate his thoughts on that either way. I knew he in fact worked with one guy who was actually gay, and said he really like the guy, that he was a natural with woodworking and had hired him on. But beyond that, he hadn't mentioned or said another thing about it. And we'd certainly seen more than one x-rated movie together, and I had recalled him asking me if I liked the way one guys cock looked as opposed to someone else's, but I'd always assumed he was just trying to get me to express myself openly to him, getting me even hotter than I already was, which it had. Still, there really hadn't been anything said one way or the other that might lead me to believe he'd still be ok with doing something like that himself.

"Anyway," Doreen went on standing up. "I enjoyed last night, and I'd enjoy doing that again, and even more if you and Brad would be ok with that," she now openly confessed laughing. "Even Brad told me to go for it afterwards," she said which did surprise me.

"Brad told you to go for it?"

"Yeah, he did," Doreen chuckled walking over to stand in front of me. I looked down just as my dear friends hands came up, resting easily, lightly upon my breasts. At first I didn't know what to think, or even how to react, so I basically did nothing, which Doreen took as a sign to continue. She began to softly caress me then, even beginning to undo the buttons on my blouse, which I allowed her to do as she opened it. And even though I still had my bra on, the touch of her hands through it had rapidly hardened my nipples, enough so that they soon pressed fully, quite needfully through the material of my bra. I felt light headed as she thumbed them, teasing each, soon after lifting my own hands and then placing them on hers as well. We stood there, caressing and touching one another, the heat and moisture between my legs swiftly coming to a boil. I began to wonder where all this was heading, if I'd even allow it to head there, when the phone rang, giving me a much needed breather to think all this through.

But the reality was, my panties were now soaked, seriously so. And I made a hand signal to Doreen as she stood talking on the phone to her sister that I was heading back over to the house, but would be right back. I didn't tell her the reason why, or that I needed to change my panties, which I seriously needed to do. But I was also semi-grateful for the "cool down" opportunity, which had presented itself in order to have a moment to think about what had just happened between us.

Doreen nodded her head knowingly, and apologetically for needing to talk to her sister who had called her at such an inopportune time. Just before l walked out the back door heading home, I saw Doreen undo the last remaining buttons on her blouse, taking it off as she talked, wondering as I saw her do that what she might be expecting, even wanting after I had returned.

Normally, it was a pretty straight shot across the yard door to door. Brad's small little workshop had been set up off in the far corner of the yard, far enough away from the house that it wasn't too noisy whenever he was outside working for me to hear him. And in doing it that way, it hadn't at all detracted from the deck or any of the other landscaping either, something I had insisted on. I couldn't hear either the sander or the power saw being used, and decided to take a quick side trip, check on how the boys were doing with their latest project before heading back inside the house in order to change my now very wet panties. My nipples still tingling with excitement from recently having felt Doreen's hands playing with them. To be honest, I think I was just trying to give myself some time to think about what had just happened, and what I was honestly dealing with here. Arousal yes, but confusion too. Doreen was after all my best friend, and Jack now Brads. The last thing I wanted to do, attracted or not, was fuck up our friendship. I needed time to think.

I crossed the yard, heading towards Brad's workshop. Passing along side of the building, I happened to glance into the small window just before reaching the door. I nearly tripped over myself when I did, glancing, and then more purposely looking in. At first my eyes refused to believe what they were seeing, and I even tried to convince myself that they weren't. And then I looked again and stood there with my mouth agape at what I saw.

**

Initially, it looked as though the two of them were just standing there talking with one another. But I realized upon seeing them, that didn't look exactly right either. They were standing awfully damn close together if they were. And then I saw movement, just enough to refocus my eyes in that direction. Even then, it took a moment more for me to accept what I saw was in fact what I was standing there watching! Each had the other's cock in their hand, and was standing there jerking one another off! 

I couldn't believe what I was seeing. There was no doubt about it either, and though I had quickly ducked down beneath the window, I had slowly stood once again, this time being even more careful before looking in. Sure enough, they really were. The expression on my husband's face was simply put, orgasmic. It was evident he was enjoying Jack's hand on his dick as he stood there fondling it. And likewise, Jack too held a lusty pleasure in it, my husband's hand obviously working his shaft in much the same way. I ducked down, and then walked back across the yard back into Doreen's house. 

My heart was beating wildly. I had been confused enough as it was before, and I was even more so now. The emotions that were swirling around inside my head had made me dizzy, so much so that I actually thought I might collapse. I felt a twinge of what..."Jealousy?" I wondered, and then shook that off. I wasn't really jealous, not really...more like in shock. The thought of Brad of all people being fondled by another man wasn't something I would have ever imagined in a million years. I entered our friend's house, Doreen just then remerging into the kitchen from having come from upstairs. She had changed shirts, instead of the blouse she'd been wearing, she now had on a tight fighting light blue tee shirt, and she was obviously no longer wearing a bra. Stenciled lettering across the front read, "These tits are his." Her twin hard little points were almost obscenely pressing against the front of her shirt, and though my eyes found them immediately, I looked up at her face. My expression showing her when I did, that I was indeed in somewhat of a state of shock.
