 Gary and Amber Anderson were preparing for dinner at her boss's house. Warren Stone had hinted at a promotion for Amber and she was overflowing with anticipation at the prospect of a more important position with the company. She excitedly modeled different dresses for her husband hoping to find one the was sexy but not overly so. When Gary picked out a low cut short red dress she inquired, "Do you think I should reveal so much of my small breasts? After all I do feel insecure about how tiny they are and the dress only goes half way to my knees. This dress makes me feel naughty and it may not be appropriate to to wear to my boss's house. His wife will think that I am a tramp!"

Gary laughed and responded, "That is total nonsense; you look like a runway model or a movie star. The dress is sexy but not cheap or trashy, you look beautiful, you have the face of an angel, and your boss and his wife will just adore you." The 22 year old couple drove to the upscale neighborhood and marveled at the plush mansion where the Stones resided. They were taken aback when they were ushered inside by a short but well built black maid that introduced herself as Myra. Her French maid outfit did little to conceal her many womanly charms..

The young couple were led to a large dinning area, were seated across from the older couple, served wine, and Gary was introduced to Gina and Warren Stone. Warren was 44 while Gina was 41 but the Italian woman was still extremely attractive. She too wore a red dress that displayed her ample bosom, her long black hair flowed down to the center of her back, her big green eyes glowed, and the sexy 5'9" woman had a body and presence that demanded attention. She smiled when she noticed the young couple's reaction to her and the maid Myra. Amber wondered how her stocky 5'6" boss had been able to land such a stunning beauty. 

After dinner they retired to another room and sipped brandy. The young couple were not used to drinking and soon became somewhat tipsy. Amber squealed with delight when Warren announced that she was to become his personal assistant with a substantial pay increase. Gina looked at the younger couple and remarked, "You look more like brother and sister than a married couple. You both have the same blond hair and blue eyes, your facial features are identical, Amber is about 5"2' and Gary is a few inches taller otherwise you could pass for twins." Before the young couple could respond Gina stood and led Gary to the center of the room to dance and Warren did the same with Amber. 

As she was held close to her boss Amber was shocked to feel his large erection press into her as his hands caressed her buttocks. She wanted to protest but was afraid to anger her boss; she glanced over at Gary who seemed to enjoy rubbing up against the voluptuous older woman. Amber felt flush as the giant organ grew bigger and harder. She couldn't imagine how a man could be so large down there. Amber had gone with Gary since grade school and had never been with another man. The young wife was experiencing mixed feelings; the confused young blond felt both appalled and aroused at the same time. In spite of her not being the least bit attracted to Warren the heated young wife just could not help but wonder how his huge cock would look and feel like.

After awhile they went back to the sofa and drank some more when Gary asked where the bathroom was. Warren responded, "Here let me show you. This house is easy to get lost in and I have to piss out some booze myself." The two men excused themselves and walked down a long hallway. Warren opened a door and held it open for the younger man. As they both urinated in the toilet Gary could not help but stare at the biggest and thickest cock that he had ever seen. Warren grinned when he noticed Gary looking and said, "Go ahead touch it. I know you want to and I would like that; don't be shy, go for it."

Gary could not take his eyes off the monster but managed to mumble, "I... uh... ah.. couldn't."

"Why the hell not?"

"It wouldn't be right."

Warren guided Gary's hand to his throbbing cock and softly told the young husband, "Don't be silly, anything that feels this good can't be wrong." Totally mesmerized Gary squeezed and fondled the huge dick, felt it stiffen in his hand, was captivated by the size, and offered no protest when his other hand was placed on the large ball sack.

Back in the romp room Amber felt uncomfortable when her hostess opened her legs wider while her huge tits were spilling out of her dress. As they conversed Gina had a way of toughing Amber on the arm, neck, above the knees, and even on her thighs which much to the blonde's dismay strangely aroused her. Myra strolled into the room and cooed, "Is there anything I can do for you? Anything at all, just ask."

Amber turned beet-red and wanted to hide when Gina answered, "Yes Myra as a matter of fact there is something you can do for us. I have noticed the innocent little housewife ogling your hot body as well as my own. Why don't you disrobe and show the little girl what a hot black girl with big tits looks like? 

A look of pure lust came over Myra's face as she did a slow seductive dance. The stunned blond watched in awe as the 19 year old black girl wiggled out of her uniform and stood before them naked except for her stockings and heels. Amber was spellbound as she admired the huge black breasts with aureoles the size of coasters. She could not comprehend her own arousal and felt her little blond pussy moisten as she gazed at the shaved black pussy and watched as the black girl's enlarged clit popped from under it's hood and grew before her eyes. Amber felt even hotter as she noticed the honey that dripped from the puffy pussy lips of the sensual black girl. Myra then moved so close to Amber that the black pussy was right in her face; the aroma that emitted from the aroused black cunt was intoxicating. Myra then pulled Amber's face to her smoldering slit and urged, "Come on you stupid white bitch. Kiss my fucking black cunt; we all know that you want it so why pretend that you don't? That little miss goody goody white girl act is not working with us so give into your desire and eat my cunt and I will reward you with my tasty cum. Have you ever given head to another female before?"

"No and I am not going to start now! Please don't make me do this. This is disgusting and I don't want to do it."

Gina ran her long fingers up the blonde's leg and quickly inserted two fingers into the slushy cunt and declared, ""You lying little slut! With your lips you tell us that you don't want to do this but your pussy is drenched and your lips down here are telling me that you would love nothing better that to dive into that hot juicy pussy and suck it dry. Tell me how much you want it slut."

Amber felt betrayed by her own body and desires but instead of answering the confused wife asked, "Where is my husband? Please let me see him."

A wicked smile crossed Gina's face as she said, "Little girl I really don't think you want to see him right now but then again perhaps you do."

Amber pleaded, "Please take me to my husband. I want to see him." Amber was longing to get out of this awful situation and felt a sense of relief when Gina told her that she could see her husband.

Gina and Myra each took one of Amber's hands and guided her into another room. Amber was shocked when Gina turned on a monitor and she saw Gary sucking on Warren's huge cock. The slender blond felt sickened but somehow strangely excited while viewing the lewd sight on the screen. Her eyes were riveted to the big cock going in and out of her husband's mouth when suddenly her dress was lifted and her panties were tugged down. She was stunned when she felt a hard cock enter her already wet pussy. Amber glanced in the mirror and saw Myra wearing a black strap-on. She then realized that it was not a real dick but was a dildo. Myra roughly pushed Amber's blond head down while savagely assaulting her pussy from behind. The 8" dildo was being pounded in and out of her sopping love hole. Myra yelled out, "You love my big black cock up your tight white cunt don't you whore? Cum all over the mother fucker, you horny little slut. Tell me how much you like it and beg for more. Talk to me you fucking tramp!"

As her orgasm built Amber shook and let go all of her passion and admitted, "Yes I love your black cock; it feels so fucking good. Don't stop, please don't stop. Yes! Fuck meeee. Oh God, Oh God, yessss. I'm going to cum." The well fucked blond then fell to the floor in a clump.

While Amber was attempting to regain her composure the black girl pulled the blond to her knees and demanded, "Now suck my cock bitch. Lick it clean and taste your own nasty cunt." As her lips engulfed the black dildo Amber tasted her own juices for the first time and was surprised to learn that she liked it very much, also she discovered that being humiliated and called dirty names turned her on so much that her pussy twitched and leaked. The demanding black girl then unstrapped the dildo, grabbed a fistful of blond hair, and pulled the pretty white face to her smoldering black slit and ordered, "Eat my hot juicy cunt, kiss, lick, and suck it dry baby. You are in for a real treat little girl. I want to cum all over your pretty face and once you get a taste of my delicious cunt you will keep coming back for more of my hot blackberry pie! Little girl you will become addicted to my clammy cunt and will plead with me to let you have some more but don't worry because if you do a good job I will permit you to feast on mouthwatering cunt as often as you like."

Amber had never thought of being with another woman before but now her senses were filled with the aroma of the black girl's aroused sex and Amber felt an overwhelming urge to taste the chocolate treat, with the bright pink insides, just inches from her face; the dripping black pussy looked so beautiful and alluring. As her tongue flicked out she slowly licked the pussy lips but soon found herself sucking with fervor and wiggling her tongue as far up the black hole as she possibly could and to her amazement she loved it. When Myra let her juices flow all over Amber's face the blond exploded with another intense orgasm of her own.

Myra shoved the blond to the floor, strapped on the dildo, spread Amber's creamy legs wide, and then plunged deep inside of the white girl. Amber moaned with ecstasy until her moans were muffled as Gina squatted over Ambers face and lowered her hairy cunt to the girl's mouth. This time Amber didn't hesitate; she eagerly lapped the older woman's oozing cunt as Myra fucked her senseless. Amber experienced the most powerful orgasm of her life while being ravished by the black dildo and devouring the luscious pussy with fervor.

The three women enjoyed another drink before dressing and joining the men in the rump room. Amber had considered confronting Gary about his deviant behavior with Warren but after her own pussy licking escapade she felt that she was in no position to confront Gary for sucking cock but she wondered if it was his first time. Before going home they both promised the Stones that they would come back the following Friday night and stay the weekend. When they got home and went to bed they each considered confiding in one another but were too embarrassed and ashamed to reveal their kinky same sex encounters.

Monday Amber excitedly entered her her new office and was greeted by her very own secretary. The pretty 18 year old blond introduced herself as Cindy and poured Amber coffee. The young blond was about the same height as Amber but had much larger breasts and was not fat but was heaver than her slim boss. Amber felt her pussy tingle and twitch as she drank in the younger girl's curvy body. She was alarmed to discover that after her experience with Gina and Myra that she now looked at other women in a new light. Amber struggled with her new desires and attempted to maintain a professional relationship with her new secretary but it was difficult as Cindy seemed to enjoy exposing herself and at one point actually brushed her boobs on Amber's face as she put some paperwork on her desk. Amber was desperately trying to fight off her irresistible attraction to this alluring girl and was relieved when Mister Stone called and asked her to come to his office.

Amber knocked on his office door and entered asking, "Yes Mr. Stone, what can I do for you?"

She gasped and was in total shock when Mr. Stone stood up and was naked from the waist down. She froze in her tracks when he walked over to her stroking his huge cock as he told her, "For starters you can wrap your sweet lips around my cock! Gina told me how hot you got when you saw your husband giving me head. She said that it made it easy for her and Myra to seduce you. She also told me that you are a fantastic little pussy licker. You are no doubt concerned that you are a lesbian but you are not. You are Bisexual and I am going to let you prove it right here and now. Get on your knees little girl and show me how much you like this big fat cock."

Amber felt her knees growing week and she could not take her eyes off of his massive manhood. She sank to her knees and opened her mouth as his cock slipped over her lips. She panicked when he called for Cindy but he held her face tight to his throbbing cock and told her not to worry and that Cindy would join in on the fun. Amber was frightened but could not express herself with her mouth full of cock. She felt her arousal grow as the thick pulsating veins brushed over her sucking lips and licking tongue. She was vaguely aware that someone had entered the office until Cindy got between Amber's legs, pulled down her panties, and orally assaulted her boss's drenched pussy. Warren asked Cindy, "Is she good and wet?

Cindy replied, "Hell yes, her eager cunt is flooding." Cindy then resumed eating pussy.

Warren announced, "I knew it! She loves my big cock and can't get enough of it. She is cupping my balls as she slurps on my joy stick; my new assistant is a natural born cocksucker and my wife tells me that she can eat pussy with the best of them. You will soon find out when I fuck her and you sit on her face." Amber climaxed and then drank up every drop as Warren shot his load into her sucking mouth. He wiped his massive cock all over her face and told Amber to lay down and engage in a 69 with Cindy until he got hard again.

While stroking his cock and watching the two hot blonds go at it his cock soon stood up at attention and was ready for action. Warren lifted Cindy's face from Amber's slimy slit and stuffed his man-meat deep inside the frail little blond. Amber screamed out in ecstasy as her pussy was filled like never before. The big cock hit spots that she never knew existed and her pussy flowed like a river. Her young secretary rode her face as Warren pounded her stretching pussy. By the time it was over Amber could hardly walk and gratefully accepted Cindy's assistance while walking back to her office. Amber could hardly believe it when Cindy sat her down on her chair, served her coffee, and then got under the desk and licked her well fucked cunt clean; bringing her to another orgasm in the process. 

The rest of the week went by without Mr. Stone asking for anything that did not have to do with business. Amber was surprised to find that she was disappointed and craved to feel his cock inside her again but was consoled by her secretary every morning. When Cindy brought the coffee she would get on her knees and make the boss happy and naturally Amber felt the need to return the favor. Before leaving work on Friday Mr. Stone called her to remind Amber to be at his house at eight o'clock sharp. The previously innocent housewife amazed herself when she replied, "You have no idea how much I am looking forward to it. How could I ever forget such an important thing as that? Warren I need to feel you inside me again; my horny pussy craves your big dick and so does my hungry mouth."

Warren chuckled and told her, "I knew that you would but it is nice to hear you say it. Don't worry baby, I have some surprises for you this weekend and I guarantee you that it will be a weekend that you will never forget." As she hung up the phone Amber was filled with wild anticipation looking forward to the upcoming events; it sent shivers down her spine, she felt so titillated, naughty, and slutty. 

The young couple were prompt to arrive for their weekend visit and both wondered how they would tell the other about their sexual adventures. After dinner Warren announced that he was going to take Gary with him to visit a friend and that they would be back in a couple of hours. He smiled when he told the girls to enjoy each other's company until they returned.

Not long after the men had left Myra joined Gina and Amber and sat on the other side of Amber so that the blond was in the center. In no time at all the two aggressive women had Amber's and their own clothes off. Amber found herself sucking on four large breast that were being hand fed to her and loving it when Gina announced, "Myra and I don't eat pussy even though we both adore having a sweet thing like you service us so I invited a neighbor over to the house that lives to eat pussy. Her name is Brenda and she will take you to places that you have never been before. She has a long and talented tongue, so little girl prepare your pussy for the a real tongue lashing." The doorbell rang and Gina said, "That must be Brenda now. Myra go let her in."

Myra didn't bother to cover her nakedness and let the 33 year old ravishing redhead in and escorted her to the room and quickly reclaimed her place on the sofa. Gina introduced her neighbor to Amber and told her, "Now get naked for us and assume the position. There are three hungry pussies for you to feast on but I want you to start with our guest but before you get your treats tell us how you became obsessed with gobbling up juicy cunts. How did you become a pussy licking, cunt lapping slut?

Brenda removed her coat and tossed it aside. The redhead came ready for action and was completely naked under the coat. She was a vision of loveliness from her big green eyes to her perfectly shaped breasts down to the wisp of red hair on her pretty pussy. She looked hungerly at the three naked women on the sofa with lust in her eyes and said, "It all started when I was in school; all of the other kids used to tease me about my long tongue. Well, one day a couple of older cheerleaders invited me home to teach me how to do the cheer leading routine. I sat on a chair and watched as they went through their paces and before I knew what was happening one of the girls shoved her crotch in my face and told me to put my long tongue to work. I had no idea what they were talking about but they told me what to do and assured me that all the girls did it. While I ate one the other would go down on me and it was by far the most exciting thing in my life. Like a flash fire word spread and soon I was servicing the schoolgirls, some of the teachers, neighborhood girls, housewives, and even some of my mother's friends. I loved eating pussy then and I still do. Now may I taste your three luscious love canals? I want to fuck all three of your horny cunts with my long tongue and drive you insane with pleasure."

Gina answered, "Hell yes, put that fucking tongue of yours to work girl!" Gina and Myra had their fingers in their pussies as Amber screamed out in delight while Brenda brought her to one orgasm after the other as she tongue fucked not only her sopping pussy but her tight butt-hole as well. When Amber was completely spent Brenda greedily feasted on the other two smoldering cunts.

They relaxed afterwards with a few drinks then Gina said that they should take it to the bedroom. Myra strapped on the dildo and laid in the bed on her back and told Amber to mount her big dick. Amber complied and soon was bouncing up and down like a cowgirl riding a bull. She felt something probe her butt and looked around to see Gina with a strap-on shoving it up her tight ass-hole. Amber noticed that it was pink, long, but skinny. She worriedly pleaded, "No please, I have never done this before and it will hurt!"
