 I finally lost my bi-virginity to a very sexy married couple I met online. It was quite an experience. I was a little nervous about meeting with them - this was my first bi encounter. I went to their house out in the country. We talked for a while and drank some beer and wine, then the wife sat next to me on the couch and started kissing me while the husband watched. I slipped my hand into her shirt to feel her breasts. She had no bra on and nice tits. 

We were kissing pretty heavily and she started rubbing my crotch, feeling my hard cock through my jeans. After a few minutes she suggested, or rather ordered, a move to the bedroom. I followed her with the husband walking behind me. In the bedroom, she ordered me to strip. I fumbled at my clothes and finally got them off - I was so nervous I was almost shaking. She pulled me to the bed and told me to lie on my back, which I did. She then tied my hands to the bedposts. She had removed most of her clothes to reveal a pair of black leather panties. I looked down to see that her husband had removed his clothes also. I have never really seen a naked man close up before. He was a little shorter than me , well-built, in his mid 20's, dark blond hair. His cock was almost fully erect (I think) maybe about a half-inch bigger than mine and about the same width.

The wife, Cynthia, climbed over my face and started rubbing her leather-clad pussy on me. I could smell the sweet aroma of her cunt but couldn't get to it. It was exquisite torture. As she was doing this and taunting me, I felt a hand grab my cock and start to stroke up and down. The husband, Jerry, soon got my cock to full attention. As she climbed off me to reposition, I caught a brief glimpse of Jerry stroking my cock - he was kneeling between my legs and I could see his growing cock between his legs. I felt his lips kiss the head and then slide down the shaft. Just as he did that, Cynthia shoved one of her nipples into my mouth - which I sucked eagerly. Meanwhile, as I sucked her tit, Cynthia had removed her panties. Soon she climbed back on top of me and ground her pussy into my face. I lapped at it, finding her clit and listening to her moans of pleasure. She told me I was a good slave for licking her cunt so good. My cock was rock hard as Jerry was sucking it and deep throating me - just the thought of another man sucking my cock got me so turned on. I focused on Cynthia's cunt to keep myself from cumming too soon. 

After Cynthia finally came on my face, they switched positions - Cynthia sucking my cock and Jerry moving up to my face to give me my first taste of cock! I wish my hands were free so I could stroke it as I sucked on it but he straddled my chest and leaned forward to bring his cock to my mouth. My lips opened and I licked the head tasting his pre-cum as he slid it past my lips. It was softer than I imagined and yet hard at the same time. He slid it deeper into my mouth and I curled my lips around to try to keep my teeth from biting it. It felt wonderful in my mouth - better than I could imagine. He started stroking in and out faster; I could feel his balls slapping my chin as he fucked my mouth. I wanted him to cum, I was moaning, I was close to cumming also as Cynthia was sucking my cock. Normally, I could last much longer but this new experience was driving me over the edge. I wanted him to cum first so I licked the head of his cock as he withdrew it and drove it back into my mouth. Suddenly, he pulled out and started stroking it right in front on my face. He was going to cum! I opened my mouth for my first taste of semen. I wanted to watch it erupted but I was afraid of getting in my eyes so I kind of squinted at it. About 10 -15 strokes later, he shot his load on me. It struck my forehead and cheek first then the next shot landed right in my open mouth. I savored the taste of it for a minute before swallowing it. His orgasm triggered mine and I felt Cynthia's mouth on my cock as she swallowed my cum...  

(To be continued)