 College is a crazy time. Everybody is broke, and broke all the time. Sure, there are a few around that seem to have it made, but that is the exception to the rule.

Most of us had to figure out ways to have fun, and being young we usually managed that.

I was a little bit luckier, or perhaps a little bit more clever than most, and I had no intention of starving. I found a house to rent, it was two stories and close to downtown, on the East side. That meant a short bus ride or bike ride across the bridge to the school.

The house was best described as old, and big. The upstairs was all bedrooms with a common oversize bathroom on the end of a long hallway that ran smack dab down the middle. There were four bedrooms up there, one on the main floor, and a full daylight basement that had a dirt floor when I took over the place.

I asked for and got the right to sublet from the little old lady named Dorothy that owned the house. It helped that she liked me, of course I sweet talked her as much as I dared and that seemed to work.

"Oh, you are such a nice young man!" She said to me with a sweet smile. I held her hand for a shade longer than I really needed to, tipping my head attentively.

OK. A bit much to be flirting mildly with a 60 year old lady but a guy has to do what a guy has to do.

I got the place for $600 a month, a steal at the time. After I mentioned that my family were all contractors and had access to "anything and everything" and how much I "loved" fixing up old houses, I could almost write my own terms.

No point in mentioning that my Dad drove a bus and both of my Uncles were schoolteachers, of course. I didn't get to that, besides Dorothy was enjoying holding my hand too much to notice I was talking pretty fast.

I moved in, the first thing I did was go to a local building supply yard and buy some of those ready poured cement squares. I used a shovel to level the floor carefully in the basement, soaked it with a garden hose and brushed it out with a barn broom. As soon as that was dry I covered it with the blocks. It made a perfect solid floor, I found an end roll of thick leftover carpet at a local company, bought that for $50 and the room looked great. Some cheap two by fours and some inexpensive paneling and I had two more rooms downstairs. I filled the walls with plastic wrapped styrofoam, that made for cheap sound proofing and insulation.

I modified the wash basin and laundry room down there, hooked up a drain line and shower. There was a monstrous heater of a design I had never seen before. The walls of it were filled with sand, about six inches thick, it was wood fired, and controlled by a series of vents all hooked together with a long chain. A round floor vent went straight up to the first floor, it was surrounded by a square steel box.

A simple arrangement, cool air went down the outside, then heated, it rose straight up to the main floor. In the ceiling were floor vents that let heat on upstairs, if it did get a bit too cool up there or warm on the main floor all I had to do was open the upstairs door.

I spent a long time checking that out. Built before the turn of the century, it was so simple and easy it amazed me that anyone would use electricity to push heated air around.

There was a wood stack in a room just alongside the furnace. It was a huge area, and would hold an easy Winter's worth of firewood. I knew I would need to buy firewood but I had done the math, this place would be cheap to run.

I found some cheap track lighting at the surplus store and wired that into each room using the new low draw light bulbs. I got those at the local dollar store on sale, 4 in each pack for a buck, what a deal.

Then I went to work upstairs. Every room up there had plain untouched ship lap on the walls, it was ugly as sin.

I thought about paint, but instead went and got some stain and shined the walls up. When I got done it looked like someone had spent ten's of thousands of dollars on real wood walls. 

I borrowed my Dad's angle head grinder and scratched all the paint off the cheap ugly doors, those were all put in much later after the house was built. They were plain flat wooden doors, painted over dozens of times. I stained them all dark. That made a high and low effect, they looked good. Some light yellow paint on the trim, more end rolls of soft carpet and the upstairs was almost ready. 

One thing I did notice was every door had glass doorknobs, I spent hours trimming the old layers of paint off each one of them. They also had magnificent heavy bronze hinges, those had to be 75-80 years old, maybe more. I took all of them off and went down to a local machine shop and had them boil them out in their hot tank. Yep, they looked brand new.

The place really did look like I had spent literally thousands on remodeling, and I would have if we were talking about today's dollars using a contractor, but the old place was built in 1886 and I did everything myself.

I showed Dorothy, the little old lady what I had done and she was tickled pink. She even hugged me and gave me a couple of month's rent for free.

That worked out to almost $20 more than I had spent so far. By now I had my arm around her shoulders as we walked around the house.

I held her hand some more as I guided her around showing off my handiwork. By the time she left I had talked her into a 3 year lease with an option to renew.

Dorothy was smiling and actually giggling, she kept reaching up and flipping her hair back from her face, also.

Off to Goodwill, I found some small tables, chairs, and some bed frames. Then I got some phone wire and put in phone jacks in every room. I set that up so that it was local dialing only, I knew all about telephone bills from watching court TV.

Five counter top hot plates and five small refrigerators finished furnishing the rooms. I had to put those on my credit card, I was now getting low on capital.

The last thing I did was install computer access as a stand alone, the DSL gave me a wireless flood so I had internet in every room in the house, even the bathrooms.

The entire job took me just 60 days, I was ready.

I ran some ads on the local free internet board for room mates. I knew I could beat the market by a few dollars and even include utilities and internet, plus garbage.

It didn't take very long. I rented the basement unit to a young man named Gary who was one year ahead of me in class. He was a nerdy type and I figured he would be nice and quiet, plus the basement had outside access. By the end of the first week I had more than two dozen applications.

I spent some of my dwindling supply of cash on background checks. I selected 4 of them, all women. The first one was Sylvia, a heavyset little brunette that was a first year student. The second one was Janet, she was a runner and long and lean. A few days later Carol and Beth joined our household.

The last two tickled me, they both not only easily passed the background checks but they both were hotties.

It wouldn't hurt one bit to have a few decorations around the house.

With the first and last from each of them and a solid security deposit, my bank account was flush again. I got a grand in security deposits from each, I just opened a separate account for that.

More lessons from court TV.

Now I could fix up my own room on the main floor. I moved the big fancy wooden water bed frame from my bedroom at home and set it up. It was one of those California kings, huge would be the word. I had long since gotten rid of the water mattress, it just made my back hurt. There really wasn't much else to do in there. I had my own private kitchen and dining area and bath. I installed a door between the huge living room and my area, then I converted the living room into a community area. Everyone had the run of that place. I found some old couches and chairs in good shape down at Goodwill, and even a good used TV.

I was set, looking at a nice fat profit every month, surrounded by females. Gary down in the basement did come up once in awhile, but that was rare.

The only pain in the ass was tending the fire, but Gary started helping with that after I offered him $50 a month to do it. He was one of those broke all the time guys, he got a stipend for some kind of program he had qualified for that covered his rent and fed him. He spent almost every waking moment peering at his computer screen, glasses perched on his nose.

In short order we were all pretty comfortable. At first the women were always fully dressed when they were out of their rooms but after a little while it was like I became just part of the furniture.

I was constantly seeing the girls come downstairs in their robes, or cutoffs and a T-shirt, halter tops. I never really realized just how many possible designs and colors there were for women's panties, I saw everything from huge and purple to thin and white, and ruffles on the edges. None of them paid much attention to me, other than I caught a few obvious poses.

Women sure do like to tease us men, it seems. A t-shirt and panties became more or less the house state of dress. I always did my best to act like I didn't even notice, that just seemed to encourage them.

Janet was the one that did surprise me, she had this outfit that she went out running in and when she came back in she would be soaked in sweat. The material was thin, she looked almost naked, her body outlined perfectly.

I didn't mind, she didn't seem to either.

Once when I went upstairs to repair a door hinge in Sylvia's room, Janet walked out of hers to the bathroom wearing a towel around her waist and nothing else.

"Morning, Danny!" She smiled as she walked by me, totally unconcerned about being bare to the waist in front of me. Her bare breasts were capped with very long pointed nipples, I knew that already from her running outfit but seeing them in the flesh was fun. She acted unconcerned, I nodded to her and went right back to the bad hinge.

Sylvia giggled at that, I just shrugged.

"I have seen girls before." I told her. After that, Sylvia was unconcerned too. For some reason Sylvia managed to break a lot of stuff, if a door hinge wasn't pulled loose it was something else.

Once she asked me to look at her hot plate, I went up and checked it and found nothing really wrong except the screw holding the handle had come loose. What I did find was Sylvia wearing just her bra and panties, and her bra was a sports bra that was pretty sheer. She just sat there and watched me. Sylvia was certainly blessed up top, I had assumed that she was on the chubby side, but sitting there in just her underwear I realized that she was just a big gal.

I didn't mind one bit.

Janet often came down to our living room to watch TV wearing just a robe and nothing else. It didn't take me long to find out that she got regular wax jobs.

I sort of knew that already from her running outfits.

In the space of about a month, I had seen all four of the gals in various stages of undress. Both Carol and Beth started out being on the shy side, but when Janet took to just running around half naked most of the time and nothing happened, they all seemed to forget that I was male.

Which I didn't mind one bit.

Carol was blond, she wore her hair short in a pageboy style, it was oddly longer on one side than the other and swept forward. Her hair always looked the same, never out of place. Beth on the other hand had thick black hair, I suspected she was of some kind of East Indian descent or maybe Greek but I never asked.

The two of them were almost impossible to find more than 10 feet from each other. They were as different looking as night and day and joined at the hip.

About three months into us living together Beth came downstairs and knocked on my door. I was pretty relaxed with all of them by then myself, I had been kicked back on the bed reading up for a test coming up. All I had on was my shorts since it was warm. Gary tended to over stoke the fire a little bit.

I answered the door, hiding my lower body behind it. There stood Beth, her hair all wet and a white towel wrapped around herself.

"We don't have any hot water." She said, seeming mildly miffed.

"Oh, I'm sorry, I will go check on that, let me get dressed."

"Please hurry, Carol is soaped up and I have soap in my hair and I am all wet!"

OK. Now what were both of them doing in the shower at the same time?, I wondered.

"Uhhh...OK." I just opened the door and went and got my toolbox. The hot water heater was in an enclosure in the kitchen, don't ask me why. It had seemed strange to me but then it was probably an afterthought since when the old house was built there hadn't been any electricity anyway. That I knew from wires running along the corners of every room in the place.

Beth was right behind me. I was extremely aware of her being right behind me but I tried very hard to not keep looking her direction.

You would need to see Beth to understand, she not only had a set on her that was spectacular, she was always riding her bike so every inch of her was snug and in shape. 

I had to crawl into the cabinet where the hot water heater was, I shined my flashlight in there and saw a nice fat Mouse, deader than a doornail. It had chewed through the wires and shorted out the unit.

Obvious problem, I slid back out and as I did I glanced up and realized I could see under the towel. Beth had about as much hair on her beaver as she had on her head, it was a huge mass of curls.

I hesitated for a moment, it was quite a sight. Beth didn't seem to realize, or maybe she didn't care, I wasn't sure. Then it hit me that she was staring at my crotch. I was starting to erect and that was happening all by itself, she got a sly smile on her face.

"Excuse me." I told her, she stepped back but not before bumping my legs. I got some wire, checked the breaker which had tripped, slid back under the cabinet and repaired the circuit.

Beth stepped forward again to watch me, I swear the damned towel was even higher now. I could even see her tiny button, the tufts of pubic hair right above it curling upwards.

I knew I was getting harder, then I heard her giggle softly. I got the wire spliced, tripped the breaker and nothing caught fire. In short order I heard the heater doing it's job.

"There should be some hot water in about 10 to 15 minutes." I told her.

"Thank you, Danny. You are so nice to have around." She leaned in and kissed me, which didn't help my state one bit. Then she headed back upstairs.

I stood there and watched, her snug behind came into view about halfway up, at the top she turned and looked back at me and smiled.

I let out a deep breath, went back to my room. Now I was all fussed up, nothing to do but relieve that. I barely got settled in my bathroom when there was another knock on my door.

I yanked my shorts up, answered it. It was Beth again.

"It's not hot yet, can you come and check?" She smiled. She still had that damned towel wrapped around her, except even more tit was showing this time.

"OK." Hell, it had only been perhaps 5 minutes, but I followed her out and up the stairs. By the time we got to the top of the steps I was wishing the place was four stories. Her behind had exaggerated movements, from below I had a clear look up the back of the short towel, and her lips were actually showing clearly with each step.

I was sporting a boner to end all boners. We got to the top of the steps and went down the hall. Beth opened the door and there stood Carol still in the shower, soapsuds in her hair. Her eyes were squeezed shut, and she was completely naked except for a towel over her shoulders and held together in front of her. She had one hand on the railing I had installed and was just standing there, the sliding glass door fully open.

Unlike Beth, Carol was completely shaved. I went to the sink and ran the hot water, it was getting barely warm.

"Just a few minutes now." I told Beth, looking over at Carol. Glancing back at Beth, she was hanging her towel on the rack by the sink.

Lord. Now I was in the upstairs bathroom with both of them naked, me in nothing but my briefs and sporting a hard on that I had no place to hide. 

Beth reached in and turned on the warm water, Carol stepped into it and started to rinse off. She didn't even slide the damned glass door sut.

"Oh, it's warmer now." She said.

I beat a retreat, thinking all of that almost had to be deliberate. They had to know it took a few minutes for the water to heat up.

I got back to my room, got the door shut. Nobody bothered me as I finished the job at hand, I was so turned on now I had no choice.

I had a fantasy of Beth on one side and Carol on the other as I climaxed.

No way did I really want to put the make on either one of them or both of them. Sure enough that would mess up the works, next they would be expecting free rent and all of the rest of the mess that comes when business turns into relationships.

Like I said, I watch court TV.

Then the vision of Beth's big dark nipples, contrasted by Carol's soft pink ones popped into my mind and I had to take care of myself again.

The next day Gary came up and gave me his notice. Just crap! Now I had to go find a new tenant. I didn't think that would be too difficult since I still had the list of applications, but after around the 10th phone call I just ran another ad. It seems that people needing to rent a room can't wait around for one they like to become available, all of my carefully filed applications were useless.

Then Mary showed up to apply. I remember Beth knocking on my door to let me know someone was out there about the room. I was a little bit crabby, I had been trying to understand some technical terms for a test I had coming up, plus I was having to run downstairs every 30 minutes to check and tend the fire. 

I would have almost missed her, she was so short. I looked down, big dark eyes looked up at me.

"Hi! I am Mary, I want to apply for the room you have?"

Mary was about four foot six inches tall, she had on a simple blue sweater and jeans. It popped into my head that if she leaned over just a little bit she would fall over, the bulges in the front of her sweater were magnificent!

I gave her the application I had written myself, by the time she finished filling it out I had already decided. When Mary smiled the entire room lit up. I didn't even bother with the usual background check, that was money I wanted to keep in my pocket. Besides, I spotted the new Acura she was driving so I knew she wasn't broke.

She moved in the very next day. I asked her if she knew about tending fires, explaining that this house was all wood heat. She said she could do that, I showed her how it all worked.

The first evening in our community room was interesting, Mary came in and sat down, realized that she was the only one wearing jeans and a blouse. The other four were sitting there reading or watching TV, in various stages of undress.

Part of that was because the house was always a bit on the warm side, wood heat isn't like forced air, there really is no thermostat. If it feels cool we opened the draft, if it felt warm we closed it partly. So the house was nearly always toasty, all of the gals liked it nice and warm.

I got used to it by wearing just my shorts and a t-shirt most of the time.

Of course Mary went right over and plopped down in the big soft easy chair, which was mine by unwritten rule. They all looked at her and then at me, I made my first real mistake by not saying anything right then. I had to with all of the others, but for some reason I didn't want to upset or embarrass Mary her very first night with us so I just went to my own room.

After that, my chair became first come, first served. Within a week, Mary was running around the house in panties and a t-shirt, too. I found myself walking in on them huddled together in conversations, they would then stop and look at me.
