 Summary: Kevin experiments with pleasuring women using more than just his BFC.

Note 1: This is dedicated to the real Jeni who told me about this BIG FAT COCK... although her story wasn't told in the first stories and isn't in this one either.

Note 2: This is the fifth part in a lengthy story (this installment brings it to well over 75,000 words) of one nerd's discovery of the power having a BIG, FAT COCK can have.

BIG FAT COCK: A Hot Mommy Seduced is a lengthy tale where Kevin learns from his divorced father, who has often been out of the picture, that having a BIG FAT COCK makes you irresistible to women. Kevin begins to use this power on a few MILF women, experimenting with his newfound power as he gears up to using it to seduce his ultimate fantasy conquest: his own mother.

BIG FAT COCK: Anal Mommy has Kevin taking his mother's last forbidden hole while having some fun with kinky role play. It also has Kevin learning more about his mother's slut past and sets up his plan to give his sexual mentor Ms. Chan a special gift... his cock in her other holes.

BIG FAT COCK: Double Penetration Fun has Kevin, with the help of his submissive mother, giving his paraplegic sexual advisor an amazing sex-filled birthday.

BIG FAT COCK: Dumb Cheerleader has Kevin a little insecure about getting a girl on his own. After a lengthy discussion with his guru Ms. Chan, he uses his BFC to seduce and dominate Amber, a hot blonde.

Note 3: Thanks to Tex Beethoven, and Robert for editing this story.

BIG FAT COCK: EATING ASIAN

I sent Amber on her way not knowing anything more about geometry than she did when she arrived, although we did work on some intrinsic lessons like the impact of angles, the power of thrust and depth perception.

I got dressed and wanting to tell someone about my first successful conquest, I went back to Ms. Chan's. I walked in and declared with enthusiasm, something I'd never had for anything other than academics before the discovery of the power of my big, fat, cock, "I did it."

"Who's that?" a voice, not Ms. Chan's, asked.

"He's the one I was telling you about," Ms. Chan answered, as I entered the living room to see her having tea with another Asian woman who looked just a few years older than me... mid-twenties, I would surmise.

"This is your big fat cock boy?" The very petite and pretty Asian asked bluntly, her look saying she didn't buy it. I admired her legs and feet in tan nylons as she sipped her tea.

"Also known as my Kevin," Ms. Chan smiled as she looked at me fondly and said, "So you obviously succeeded."

"Big time," I said, playing on the unnamed Asian's words, and feeling very confident at the moment after my first successful seduction on my own (well, following some invaluable advice from Ms. Chan of course).

"I knew you could do it," she said, bathing in my success.

"That made one of us," I joked, although now having had a conquest on my own, my confidence had skyrocketed.

"Kevin this is Annie, Annie this is Kevin," she introduced.

I walked to the cute Asian and offered my hand. "Nice to meet you, Annie."

She took my hand and smiled, "You too, I've heard a lot about you."

"So girls talk too," I said, realizing my crotch was directly opposite Annie's face.

"All the time," Ms. Chan admitted. "For example, Annie here doesn't believe you're as big as I described."

"I didn't exactly say that," Annie protested. "I just can't fathom anyone's cock being as big and fat as you say his is."

Deciding to end the debate right then and there, my confidence high after my marathon fuck session with Amber, I pulled down my sweats and presented my flaccid big, fat cock to my new acquaintance.

"Oh my," the sweet-looking Asian said, staring at my impressive member.

"Told you," Ms. Chan said from behind me.

"Words don't do it justice," Annie said, as she reached for my cock, already entranced by my manhood.

"I should warn you it may taste like cheerleader cunt," I said bluntly, although I was confident that wouldn't detract from the lust building inside her and now that I think about it, Amber likely had sucked off all her cunt cum.

"I can't resist this thing," she said, mesmerized by my big, fat cock.

"I told you," Ms. Chan repeated, amused at the fascination her friend had as she stroked my cock to life.

"It's so perfect," Annie said before she leaned forward and took my cock in her mouth.

"So tell us everything," Ms. Chan said, as her friend bobbed slowly on my cock, getting it hard.

So for a few minutes I retold the entire afternoon while I was pleasured by a relative stranger who sucked me, slid her tongue down my shaft and sucked on each ball individually before returning to the business end of my cock for some leisurely bobbing. This girl was an experienced cock sucker. Once done, she said, "You're a natural."

"It's all because of you," I complimented.

"And your big, fat cock," she added, as Annie slobbered all over my cock. She was definitely an eager cock sucker.

"So who is Annie?" I asked.

"She's from Tokyo," Ms. Chan said. "She's my cousin and is here as a translator for a company during a potentially pretty big business deal."

"Tokyo?" I asked. "I thought you were Chinese."

"Half," she replied. "When my father was a boy, his family moved to Japan. When he grew up, he married my mother, who is Japanese. My aunt married a Japanese man, so Annie is half Chinese too, even though her surname is Nakajima. My father named me Yu Yan as you know, a Chinese name, and her father named her Ainu, a Japanese one."

"Nice," I said, before adding, "well, like her cousin, she's quite the cock sucker."

"That is one of her duties at work," Ms. Chan informed me, "but I imagine most of the cocks are substantially smaller than yours."

Annie took my cock out of her mouth to agree, "They're usually half this size or smaller, and they normally come in a couple of minutes. You've already set my record, and I've only been servicing you for what... four minutes?"

As she took my cock back in her mouth, I pointed out, "I should note your cousin here already extracted two loads from me today, and the cheerleader one more."

She took my cock out of her mouth and asked in the politest way a woman could possibly ask such a question, "Would you kindly allow me the privilege of experiencing this beautiful specimen inside my ass?"

"Your ass?" I asked, surprised.

"She's saving herself for marriage," Ms. Chan revealed.

"She's a virgin?" I asked, stunned.

"Many Japanese women are at her age," Ms. Chan said. "The culture in Japan is still quite sexist and very old-fashioned."

"Not based on the porn I watch," I joked, having watched a few molestation videos in public places like buses or trains where older Japanese men molested and sometimes fucked younger women.

"The biggest hypocrites and perverts in the world are older Japanese men," Ms. Chan said with disgust.

"Yeah, they want pure women, but they're the ones tainting them in the first place," Annie added, stroking my cock the entire time.

"That's ridiculous," I said, although I'd heard such philosophies in other cultures too.

"If you think the stud versus slut labelling is unfair here, it's an entirely different level of stupid in Japan," Ms. Chan explained, her red cheeks conveying I'd opened a wound she was very bitter about. I remembered her telling me about having sex with her father, a memory she still treasured. Some of her experiences after leaving home must have been far less pleasant.

"I'm so sorry," I said, "on behalf of asinine men everywhere."

"At least here if I want to be a slut, I can be," Ms. Chan said.

"Or a submissive cock sucker," I corrected, trying to lighten the mood.

"Or that," she laughed. "So are you going to fuck her ass or what?"

"Can I go down on her first?" Oddly, I asked Ms. Chan instead of Annie.

"You want to go down on me?" Annie asked, a look of complete astonishment on her face.

"Yeah, I want to be more than just a guy with a big dick," I said. "I also want to be able to please a woman with my tongue."

"You're really turning into a gentleman," Ms. Chan approved.

"You really want to go down on me?" Annie repeated.

"Is that okay?" I asked.

"No man has ever wanted to do that to me."

"Seriously?"

"Like I said," Ms. Chan explained, "Many Japanese men are pigs."

"Well I'd rather not be a pig. Will you teach me to be good at it?"

"You already are, from my experience," she said, "but I'll be glad to give you some tips. Annie, you okay being his test pussy?"

"Sure," Annie said, still looking stunned by my offer. She was obviously used to being used as a cock sucker and perhaps getting her ass reamed, but this was new terrain; this was for her.

"Remove your skirt," Ms. Chan instructed, stepping into her sexual guru mode.

"Okay," Annie said, both nervous and excited, which I found fascinating. She sucked cock without hesitation, she was willing to take it in the ass in a heartbeat, but getting eaten out was giving her a serious case of nerves.

After all the thigh highs or stockings I'd been seeing, I was surprised to see panties and pantyhose.

Ms. Chan said, "Get completely undressed, Annie."

"Okay," Annie said, removing her blouse to reveal a small set of tits in a lace bra.

"Kevy, you get undressed too," Ms. Chan said.

I joked, "I feel like you're the puppet master."

"I am," she nodded, as we both got undressed.

"Now sit on the couch and spread those legs," Ms. Chan instructed.

"Okay," Annie nodded submissively.

"So Kevy, you've already done the first and most important thing," Ms. Chan said.

"I did?" I asked, as I moved in front of Annie and lowered myself before her hairy pussy.

"Yes, you need to let a woman know you want to go down on her. That the sex isn't just about your pleasure you swinish man you (wink), but you want to make her feel good. Sometimes a tender massage first will set the mood and relax her, but I believe today we're way past that point," she continued.

"I'm very ready," Annie said, trembling slightly from a chill.

"Now even when she's ready and perhaps even begging for it, understand that eating a pussy is not just about eating a pussy," Ms. Chan explained, her words a bit cryptic.

"Sometimes you say things that are too deep for me," I said looking at the hairy pussy displaying some obvious wetness.

"If you like a girl and want to make her feel special, you need to understand her entire body is triggered to her pussy. So lean up and gently kiss her."

I was surprised by this, but it made sense, and so I moved up and kissed her sweet lips. We kissed for twenty or thirty seconds before Ms. Chan continued, "Now kiss her neck. Your job is to worship her and make her feel special."

I did. A few small kisses. Feeling her body tremble slightly. Sweet and tender, quite different from most of my sexual experiences so far.

"Tug on her ear and whisper something sweet to her," she advised.

I did. Moving to her ear and tugging on it while I whispered, "You're beautiful Annie, and you deserve a man who'll show you how gorgeous you are both inside and out."

She moaned from my words and my hot breath on her ear.

"Move to her breasts and suck on her perky nipples," Ms. Chan continued mapping my route on this anatomical road trip.

"Okay," I said, moving down to her small breasts, cupping them as I moved to her left nipple and sucked on it.

"Oh yes, suck on my nipple," Annie moaned, as I did just that.

"Take your time," Ms. Chan suggested, "there's absolutely no hurry. Remember that each erogenous zone stimulates both her emotions and her pussy, and you'll have her revved up and all ready for you once you eventually get there."

I listened, swirling my tongue around Annie's nipple.

Sucking it into my mouth.

Biting it gently.

Repeating that cycle a few times before moving to her other breast and replicating my dedicated attention to her other nipple.

"Now slither down her belly with your tongue, exploring her belly before approaching her pussy," Ms. Chan continued her sex guru lesson.

I again obeyed, enjoying the slow process, which was very unlike the majority of my experiences up to this point where the focus was on my big, fat cock. I'm not complaining, it was nice to do something different.

"Now blow some gentle hot breath on her pussy, but don't yet touch it," she instructed.

As I did this Annie moaned, "Yu Yan, you're killing me."

"All good things come to those who wait."

"The teasing is driving me crazy!"

"I know; you're used to the pleasure being the man's. This time just lay back, close your eyes and enjoy the pleasure Kevy is building inside you."

"K," Annie replied weakly, horny as hell.

"Now kiss her inner thighs, Kevy," the instructions continued.

I did.

As I did, she added, "You can also go down to her toes, massage them, kiss them, suck on them and work your way back up. This is even sexier when your girl is wearing nylons."

"I was wearing nylons," Annie pointed out.

"I meant thigh high stockings or a garter-belt and stockings," Ms. Chan clarified. "That way he can enjoy both your nylons and your cunt."

"That would give my bosses an open invitation," she pointed out.

"Understood," Ms. Chan said, as I continued kissing Annie's inner thighs. "Now tell her how pretty her pussy is. Girls are often insecure about their vagina, or just about anything about their body for that matter, and the more you compliment them, the more points you earn."

"Makes sense," I said, considering how the many compliments I'd received about my cock had helped my own self-esteem and helped me overlook my being chubby and not much of an athletic specimen. I looked at Annie's pussy and moved close to it, her excited scent wonderfully captured in her excessive hair... the polar opposite of Amber's completely shaved pussy. I said, "Annie, your untamed pussy looks so wild, and I love how it captures your womanly scent; it's completely enticing."

"Thank you," Annie trembled, as my hot breath touched it.

"Kiss her around the vagina," Ms. Chan continued, "tease her relentlessly. Make her beg you out of complete desperation to get her off."

"Okay," I said, kissing right beside her pussy lips, the pubic hair a slight distraction that I wasn't mentioning.

"As you tease her, look up at her. Smile. Tell her what you plan to do to her," My guru continued.

I did again as instructed, saying, "Ainu-chan, I'm going to lick this pussy until you come all over my face."

"Oh yes, eat me," Annie pleaded, as I continued driving her wild with my teasing.

"I love your sweet sexy moans," I added, which sounded so innocent yet desperate.

"Now kiss her other lips," my mentor instructed.

"At last! Please!" Annie begged, desperate for the pleasure I'd been skirting for many minutes.

"As you do, start with her pubic mound. Move to the lips of the vulva. Take your time. This is a fine dining experience, so savour her unique blend of flavours," she continued.

I puckered my lips and kissed her lower lips. I moved to the vulva, thank God for biology class, and did indeed take my time.

"Kiss them."

I did.

"Suck them."

I did.

"Bite them playfully."

I did.

Each act made Annie's moans louder.

"Continue avoiding the clit, but now move your tongue up and down with wide, flat tongue strokes and go faster," my guru continued her in-depth lesson.

I obeyed, parting Annie's pussy lips wide and moving my face up and down as if I were painting her pussy with my tongue and then flicking it up and down rapidly.

Annie moaned, "Oh my God, yes."

Ms. Chan said, "Since she is already well lubricated and now you have her moaning, go for the double assault by sliding a finger or two inside her while still using your tongue."

Knowing she was soaking wet, I just plunged two fingers inside her as she moaned something in Japanese.

I didn't understand her words as I pumped her pussy and Ms. Chan said, "When she is this close, go for the orgasm explosion by attacking her clit. Flick it. Lick it. Suck it between your lips."

"Oh fuck," Annie swore for the first time, as I sucked her clit between my lips while simultaneously finger fucking her, and in a few seconds she was coming. "Yes!"

I kept licking up her cunt cum, loving the power my tongue had over her... the same power my cock could have.

To my surprise, even as juices kept flooding out of her, Annie demanded, looking at me with a lust I'd never seen before (I mean I had seen hunger, desperation, lust... but this was something else), "Please, I need you to fuck me."

"Really? You sure?" I asked, knowing she was a virgin. Knowing she was saving herself for marriage.

"Yes, I can't explain it, but there's something so compelling about that outrageous monster of yours that I've got to have you inside me right now," she answered, looking at me urgently.

"Really?" I asked, really thrown by this, as I looked up at her.

"Don't just sit there, fuck her. She has likely only encountered small dicks and selfishness from men before now and probably felt it was because of something lacking in her. So continue showing her you care and fuck her; and don't you dare come before she does," Ms. Chan demanded from behind me... breaking my brief immobility.

"I can do that; a sweet, beautiful lady like this certainly deserves the best I can give her," I agreed, as I moved up and quickly slid inside her excessively leaking pussy (there would be a wet spot on the couch). Yet once inside, I was stunned by how tight she was. It was easily the tightest pussy I'd yet entered, which made sense, she being a virgin.

Ms. Chan said, "She's probably really tight, Kevin. Asian pussies are tinier."

"So I'm learning," I said, in awe of the combination of the excessive wetness mixed with the intense tightness. "Are you okay, Annie? You're awfully tight."

"Oh yes, your big dick feels so... I don't know... so exhilarating inside me," Annie said, looking at me in complete rapture.

"But I get the cum," Ms. Chan chimed in.

"Of course you do," I laughed, as I slid gently in and out of the cute Asian, taking her virginity. Losing my own virginity had happened so strangely and had been followed by a surprising number of MILFs eager to service me, including my Mother (yes, she'd been the one to take my virginity, but that didn't mean we hadn't been hooking up frequently ever since), that I hadn't had time to contemplate it. But my point is that since returning home from the lake with my Dad and having almost non-stop sex of one kind or another with numerous women since then, that when I technically lost my virginity by fucking a pussy, my attention wasn't so much on losing it as it was on the thrill that I was giving it to my Mom with her full consent. Yet as I slowly slid in and out of the sweet Annie, I really appreciated the gift she was giving me... to be her first.

She demanded, "Please don't be so gentle with me: do me faster, harder, deeper. Fuck me, Kevin!"

"Okay," I agreed, beginning to fuck her faster... really slamming into her.

She closed her eyes.

She pursed her lips.

She looked so adorably sexy as I fucked her hard, filling her tiny body completely.

God, I loved watching her... looking so vulnerable.

Sexiest were her cute whimpers... which were sexier than moans.

Yes, I loved a woman begging for my cock.

Yes, I loved a woman slurping on my cock.

Yes, I loved a woman moaning and screaming.

But somehow all that was nothing to Annie's sexy whimpers and her cute face and pursed lips as I fucked her furiously.
