 Julia realized sucking cock and stripping wasn't going to cut it in order to pay back her step father's debt. She knew she needed something bigger to get her to 10,000 dollars. Julia remembered her friend Emily, also a stripper who went to Julias school a couple years ago but dropped out her senior year to become a full time stripper, had lined up a job to strip at USC for one of the frats.

Julia never hung out with Emily when they were in school because of the bad rap Emily had gotten for stripping, but mostly because they were 2 grades apart. But Emily was the one that told Julia to come work with her down at the Pink Pussy, after she had sat and listened to Julia complain about money and how her family needed her help. 

As Julia walked into work she could help but notice Emily's plump 20 year old ass as she walked by in a g string. "Hey, babe!" Emily said spinning around and waving as her bouncy small pierced tits jiggled. Julia was mesmerized by Emily's creamy pale skin, slowly studying her body up and down. 

Julia never gave having sex with another girl any thought. She never even imagined kissing a girl, but right now she couldn't help but think of spreading Emily's thighs apart and running her tongue over her beautiful pussy. "Snap out of it Jules! Go change and start shaking your ass." Emily said smacking her on one of her butt cheeks. 

A wave of pleasure ran over her she ran for the bathroom finally realizing just how wet she was. Her sweet juices had soaked through not only her little pink panties but her jeans too, making look like she had peed herself. "What the fuck. Am I gay? Why is she so hot?" Julia said to herself as she opened her backpack to change. She slapped on a metallic green micro bikini that showed the edges of her nipples and allowed some of her pussy to be visible and hit the stage. 

As she finished her set, Julia counted her money backstage to find out the she had only made 240 dollars. With her head in her hands she began to cry. 

"Julia, it's ok babe it's only one night they're not all this slow." Emily said as she hugged Julia from behind. 

"I know I just really needed the money." Julia said stepping back from the hug to stop herself from getting turned on. " ...didn't you say something about a house call at USC tomorrow?" 

"Oh fuck ya, there's going to be lots of dick, and lots of cash. I was going to ask hoe ass Megan, but I'd much rather bring you. I just thought you had school." Emily said.

"I'll skip, I really want the money." Julia said getting lost in Emily's blue eyes.

"Sick, ok met here tomorrow at 2?" Emily said before giving Julia a quick peck on the lips, leaving Julia blushing and dripping wet from a simple kiss.

The next day as Emily knocked on the door of the frat house, she reminded Julia how these jobs go and saying, "also don't be afraid to kiss any of them even me ok. These guys like that type of shit." 

"Ok." Julia said fixing her big tits, pretending to play it cool when in reality she hasn't stopped thinking of kissing Emily since yesterday. 

Just then the door swung open with one of the frat brothers in the doorway "Hello, hello, come on in ladies" he said as Julia walked in with Emily hanging back. There was at least 20 guys there drinking beer and chatting it up. Julia looked at all of them and they all seemed to be in fantastic shape which made me even more excited for what was to come.

"Damn, Emily who's your friend." The guy who opened the door asked. 

"Her name is julia, hot huh?" Emily said running her hand over his dick as she walked in too. "Hey, boys. This is julia..." Catcalls and whistles rung out as Emily put her arm around her, "... aaaaand she just turned 18 so be nice." 

As the two girls turned to change Julia could feel the eyes of the fraternity boys staring at her ass, she felt a little embarrassed as well as turned on. But that might have been from Emily stripping down right in front of her as soon as the door closed. "So teacher or school girl? Probably school girl right. Wouldn't make any sense for the younger one to be the teacher." Emily said quickly pulling her shirt off revealing her perky tits.

"Haha ya, you're probably right." Julia responded watching the piercings of Emily's boobs shine in the light. She slowly got undressed herself pulling her shorts down showing off how extremely wet she was. "Where are the pledges? Where's Mikey? You're first, man." Screamed one the frat brothers.

"Come on slowpoke they are waiting for us. Holy fuck you're wet. Jesus it's like Niagra Falls down there Jules. You're such a slut." Emily said helping her take her shirt off.

"What can I say. I love this job." Julia said tying the tiny button up together and slipping the checkered micro skirt on that didn't even bother to cover up the black string she put on. 

As they walked out the two girls were greeted to cheers, and music already playing. They entered the room with two of the frat brothers sitting in the middle and with everyone else watching forming a circle on the outside. Julia and Emily looked at each other, laughed and started dancing to it.

As they started stripping Julia was progressively getting turned on along with getting slightly jealous that soon Emily was going to be rubbing her beautiful ass on someone other than her.

Julia remembered Emily telling her not to be scared, and in an instant Julia grabbed hold of Emily and started kissing her. Emily undoubtedly shocked, was frozen until the eruption of cheers from the guys snap her out of it and she started kissing back.

As they broke the kiss, they were given further instructions from the frat guy who opened the door. "Holy fuck ok, um well Julia this is Mikey he's our youngest pledge and you'll be dancing for him first. And of course Emily I get you." He said with a huge smile. "You got it Steven!" Emily giggled as she walked over to him and straddled him.

Julia walked over to Mikey, who was extremely blushed and nervous looking. "It's ok I won't bite." She said as they both looked down too see his boner trying to poke through. As she sat down on his lap she whispered, "Pull it out a jerk it." One of the brothers must of read her lips because the whole room even Emily started chanting "Pull it out! Pull it out! Pull it out!" She started grinding on his cock turning him on even more. As Julia stood up to tease him she bent over giving Mikey and the boys a really good look. 

"Go on, pull it out. Please?" Julia asked looking at him from between her legs. Finally unzipping his pants Mikey let his dick free, Julia was disappointed of how much smaller it was than Mr. Whites cock. The place went up in uproar nonetheless as Julia spun around and gave the little pecker a little tug and dropped back down into the splits.

While on the ground she took her school girl shirt off exposing her large tits to Mikey and everyone else. As she threw her shirt at Mikey, Julia caught a glimpse of Emily and Steven making out while Emily was jerking him off.

More jealousy washed oven Julia as she crawled over to Mikey. "Can I suck your cock Mikey?" Mikey nodded. "I can't do it unless you tell me to." Julia said inches away from Mikey's dick. 

"S-suck my fucking dick!" Mikey stuttered from how turned on he was. Julia smiled know he would last long just by the way he said suck. "Ok." She said before swallowing his small dick whole swirling her tongue around the base. Sucking and and jerking Mikey's dick quickly sent him over the edge as he came buckets in Julias pretty little mouth forcing her to swallow it all. 

The crowd went quite, as Julia released Mikey's now tiny flaccid penis. Looking around and wiping her lip she said, "So who's next?" The boys cheered! Even Emily hyped her up as she was being ushered by 2 of the frat brothers into an upstairs bedroom. 

Julia's jealousy made her quite the slut as she grabbed 3 of the brothers and asked, "Do you want to fuck an 18 year old stripper?" No words were said as they all began to take their dicks out. "Thanks Mikey." Julia said handing him her tiny g-string as he got up to join the group behind him. Julia was pushed down on her knees forcefully as a cock was shoved into her little mouth.

"YEAH! SKULL FUCK THAT BITCH!" someone shouted. Julia didn't care, she'd do this for hours as long as they payed. The room was quiet now, listening as the teenage stripper was pleasing one of their brothers. 

"Oh god I'm gonna cum!" He shouted and released load after load into her mouth while the guy behind her fingered her pussy mercilessly. Someone else came up and, with a beer-coated finger, stuck their thumb deep into her ass, "Oh shit!" She yelped. It felt right Julia thought. 

The frat boy must have not masturbated that day because the amount of cum in her mouth was insane. It was too much to handle. It dripped onto her chin and, with her head and body moving around, got smeared over her face. When he pulled out he had one more spurt to go and it landed on her left cheek.

As soon as the frat boy stepped away to join the crowd, the other frat brother who had his hand up her ass picked her up and guided Julia to the chair Mikey was sitting on. "Ride my dick." He commanded as he sat down. As she turned around to bounce on the cock, the last frat brother she picked shoved Julias head into his dick.

She was getting sandwiched in between two guys in front of a crowd and absolutely loving it. Julia couldn't help herself, she went limp as she came everywhere, just as Emily was walking down fixing her hair. 

Julias whole body tightened and convulsed as she had the biggest orgasm she'd ever had. She squirted and moaned so loudly as the brother came inside her tight cunt, the guy fucking her mouth couldn't hold it. In response to everyone screaming "facial" repeatedly, he pulled out and jizzed all over her face. Since Julia was lost in pleasure a large portion got in her mouth, but the rest just got all over her hair and face. She looked like such a fucking whore as she sat on her knees in a mixture of cum dripping out of her already sore puffy pussy and her own juices.

"Well well well, I looks like you boys know how to show a girl a good time." Emily teased, looking at Julia with her hands on her now red hips from the 2 other fraternity brothers that were tending to her. "Our times up babe lets get out of here..." Emily winked. Julia nodded and stood up while whipping her cheek for anymore cum to swallow, and followed Emily to change. 

"How much do you think we made?" Julia smiled putting her clothes back on with jizz still dripping from her hair. "Maybe close to 1,200 bucks." Emily said scooping the cum out of Julias hair and into her mouth and noticing Her disappointment.

"Look Jules you did good today. There's no reason to be sad you made 600 bucks in 2 hours of work, and you looked fucking hot doing it." Said Emily slapping Julia on the ass.

"Ya you're right..." Julia giggled, "let's get the fuck outta here" slapping Emily on the ass this time. "You whore!" Emily yelped as she opened the door to walk back into the main room. "Byyyye boys see you next time." Emily said as she she blew a kiss in their direction. 

"See you next month Em, and don't be scared to big this little piece of ass with you again. I might have to try her out." Steven said as he stared down at Julias tits. "Only in your dreams, hon." Julia whispered into Stevens ear as she took a handful of his cock and balls and gave a slight squeeze, right before leaving the frat house.