 I would like to thank BlueEyed5ftAngel for her editing.

We were sitting around the shop one Friday night. Some of the guys were still fine-tuning their bikes. Chuck suggested we make a run to Austin for the weekend. They got the bikes gassed up and ready for the run. I was wondering who I would get to ride with, hoping I wouldn't get stuck driving the truck, when Shadow came up and asked if I wanted to ride with him. My heart stopped and pussy began to tingle, at the thought of straddling his backside on his Harley. I had watched and flirted with him several times when he was in the shop getting parts or repairs on his bike. He had flirted back but never asked me out.

"It would be a pleasure to ride with you," I replied.

I quickly braided my hair and grabbed my leathers and goggles. We soon loaded up and took off around the 610 Loop. In all, there were about 10 bikes and the truck and it was just beginning to get dark.

I leaned up to whisper into Shadow's ear and thanked him for asking me to ride with him.

"No problem," he said as he pulled my hand down to his crotch.

Taking his clue I squeezed his cock through his pants and kissed his ear lobe and the back of his neck as we cruised around the loop at about 80mph. I snuggled up close to him, just thinking of the possibilities. 

As we headed out Hwy10 we dropped to the back of the pack. As we left the lights of the city, he once again took my hand and placed it on his crotch.

Squeezing his cock again, I whispered into his ear, "Just exactly what do you want me to do with this?" 

"Whatever you want," he replied. 

I was thinking about what I would like to do to the thick cock I was stroking as I made trails of kisses along his neck while hugging him tighter. 

I had never jerked-off anyone while cruising on a bike, on the freeway before and the vibration of his Harley was definitely contributing to my wetness. 

I could feel his cock straining against his jeans as I continued rubbing him. I undid his belt and asked him to lean back a little so I could undo his pants. I unzipped them and was able to reach in, getting a handful! His cock grew harder and I adjusted him so it wasn't so uncomfortable for him. 

All the while I was whispering into his ear how good it would feel if I could lick up and down and gently suck on his balls. How I would then take his dick inside my warm mouth, tightening my lips around his swelling shaft as I worked his rod back and forth inside my cupped tongue.

He leaned back into me and shouted over the roar that we just might have to pull over soon and take care of a little business.

I looked around; glad that the traffic was light for a Friday and realized we had dropped pretty far back. The closest rider was Bones. 

We'd been on the road a little over an hour. I stopped stroking Shadow's cock and just held his throbbing meat in my hand, telling him I was so wet it felt like I had soaked through my jeans. 

"Your cock would fill me up so great and I would enjoy riding you." I panted into his ear. 

He just laughed, "Baby, just get my dick tucked back in." 

I did the best I could. 

Shadow caught up to Bones and told him we needed to stop soon. Bones indicated there was a rest stop just up the road. Bones road up and told the others we were going to stop to pee and would catch up soon. 

We pulled off at the rest stop and found an 'out of the way' picnic table. Bones pulled up beside us.

"I thought you needed the bathroom?"

Shadow just laughed,"No just a secluded spot for awhile."

Bones had that 'knowing look' in his eyes as he wandered off to the restroom. 

Shadow pulled me over to the table, hugged me tight and kissed me so deep. Our tongues intertwined and teased each other for what seemed like forever. 

"Now show me what you were going to do with this," he grinned, pulling his cock out, leaning back onto the edge of the table. 

I dropped my jacket, kneeled down in front of him and began licking and sucking his gorgeous cock. My tongue wondered up and down his salty shaft until I took one of his balls into my mouth and gently sucked... not wanting to leave the other out I sucked it in and rolled it around too. Releasing his balls, I planted kisses up his length to his oozing head where I teased the slit with my tongue tip!

It didn't take long for him to grow rock-hard again. 

Shadow began to massage my head, pushing his fingers through my hair as I bobbed up and down on his cock. He was getting close to cumming when I heard Bones approaching us.

"Mind if I get-in on the action?" he laughed.

"It's okay with me buddy if it's okay with the little lady here." Shadow answered with a grin. 

Bones new it would be ok with me. We had hooked up several times before. 

He came up behind me and began to play with my pussy through my jeans. 

I let Shadow's cock slip out of my mouth so I could stand up. 

Bones reached around and unzipped my pants, pulling them down around my ankles.

"Just continue what you were doing girl," he said with a grin, then started playing with my pussy, his fingers were manipulating my already pulsing, wet lips. 

I once again took Shadow's cock into my mouth and continued to suck and tease him with my tongue. It was getting hard to concentrate on what I was doing with what Bones was doing to me. His fingers found my clit rubbing and pulling on it before plunging deep inside my pussy, twisting and teasing my sweet spot to orgasm as a finger found my pucker. 

About that time Shadow shot a load of cum into my mouth as Bones brought me to orgasm; my pussy was dripping wet.

I stretched up to Shadow and kissed him, letting him taste his cum on my lips. 

He held me asking, "Have you done this before?" 

"Oh, just a few times," I replied with curled lips.

"Well I want your pussy before he gets to it!" Shadow said looking over at Bones, releasing me and heading towards his bike!

"That's ok, I'll take her nice, tight backside," Bones shouted with a grin.

"There is some K-Y in my jacket pocket," I told him with a sneer.

As I reached for the K-Y, Shadow had retrieved a sleeping bag from the bike and was spreading it out on the ground. 

Bones had already dropped his pants and shoved his cock into my open mouth. I sucked on his rod, getting it really wet until his shaft was pulsating.

"STOP! Don't make me cum yet, I want that nice tight ass of yours first" he yelled, jerking me to my feet.

Lucky for him I didn't bite his dick clean off!

We moved over to the blanket with the guys standing and me on my knees. I now had two cocks begging for my attention. I moved back and forth between them, taking turns sucking on those gorgeous cocks until they were both rock-hard. 

Shadow then laid down on his back, telling me to straddle him. I did, slowly lowering my soaking-wet hot pussy onto his thick cock. We began to pump up and down and soon he had my tight hole filled! We had just begun to get a good rhythm going when I felt Bones behind me. He had the lube and had begun to play with my ass. He lubed his finger up and stuck it in my ass. 

I shuddered at the feel of a cock in my pussy and a finger in my butt.

"Umm that feels good," I groaned.

"What do you want me to do now?" Bones teased.

"I want your cock in my ass!" I demanded.

"You asked for it," he replied, "Be still for just a minute." 

I impaled myself on Shadows hard cock, holding still as he began to play with my breasts. He pulled me down so he could take a nipple into his mouth. He was sucking on my hard bud when I felt Bones' cock begin to penetrate my tight asshole. He pushed gently then sank it in all the way! Slowly he thrusted his stiff cock in and almost out. 

It had been some time since I had two cocks penetrating me at the same time and I was quickly going over the edge. 

My body began to tremble uncontrollably. I moaned with pleasure as Bones sunk his cock deep into my ass at the same time Shadow thrusted upwards, filling me wholly with cock. 

I shuddered as I came, over and over again. They did not stop pounding their cocks into me! 

Grunts and moans filled the air as I continued to buck and rock on their throbbing rods. 

Shadow pulled me down close to him and kissed me. He began to tell me how good my pussy felt pulsing around his cock. How he could feel Bones' deep inside my ass. He was quickly coming to that point of no return when Bones moaned and grabbed my hips, plunging into me one last time as he shot his cum deep inside my ass.

My pussy was twitching and contracting in one final orgasm as Shadow pumped harder, impaling me harder on his cock as he too filled me with his hot cum. 

We all collapsed onto the sleeping bag. Bones kissed me up my back and around my neck, then fully on the lips. Our tongues played around awhile as my breathing returned to normal. 

Meanwhile, Shadow took my breasts and kissed each nipple, gently biting and teasing them.

Shadow sat back and exclaimed, "I never thought a ride to Austin could be so interesting." 

I took a bandana wiping myself off enough to get my pants back on then excused myself to the restroom. 

When I returned the guys were loaded up and ready to get back on the road. Each one kissed me hard before I thanked them for such a wonderful ride.

We soon caught up to the rest of the pack. They had stopped further down the road for a drink and potty break.