 "The whole thing was in extremely bad taste," Maddie said with mild indignation. 

 Angelina shrugged. "It's just sex," she said casually as she diced the celery. "You do know that people like to fuck each other, right?"

 Maddie sighed in retort. "Whatever. I'm sorry; I still can't believe he had sex right in front of us." 

 "In front of us?" Eddie chuckled from across the kitchen. "He her nailed 'er in front of the whole bleedin' world!" 

 I said nothing and dutifully kept my eyes on the pot of spaghetti sauce I was stirring on the stove. I wasn't sure how to react. Despite my boldness earlier that day, I was now feeling surprisingly awkward. After my unplanned public tryst with Dot on the beach, the rest of the afternoon had been more normal than I could have dared to expect. Though unasked, Dot had wisely gathered her things and moved on after her post-coitus swim, allowing us to continue the photoshoot without distraction. We all knew our roles and we performed them as professionals. Despite that, the fact that my co-workers had just watched me have sex with an anonymous bystander was constantly on my mind. Secretly, almost involuntarily replaying the scene in my head — struggling to comprehend the reality of it — had kept me rather horny. It didn't help that Maddie and Angie spent the afternoon alternating between extreme states of undress and outright nudity, even after sundown finally put an end to our photo session. I had kept my baggy shorts on the rest of the day, thankful that they hid the slight engorgement my cock was periodically experiencing.

 I looked up across the kitchen to see Eddie giving me a wry grin. "And cheers to ya for it, me mate — a damned respectable boffin' it was. I din' think ya had it in ya'!"

 "That big blonde chick definitely had it in HER," Angie said with a joking leer. 

 "Look," I said seriously. "When she gets here, don't make a big thing about it. I don't know her; she might not like to be teased." 

 "I'm going out," Maddie announced. "Enjoy your dinner."

 "Don't you want to wait until Dot gets here?" I asked.

 "Why would I?" Maddie said indignantly. "You just said you don't know this woman. Well, I know her even less." She smoothed the bright yellow club dress that clung to her curves, then tossed her hair. "I'm not the one who fucked her. I didn't even talk to her." Maddie gave a shrug and swiped the keys to the van off the counter. 

 "Hey, I didn't say you could take the van!" Eddie exclaimed. "That's rented on my credit card!" 

 His protests had no impact on Maddie. "None of the rest of you are going to use it. You'll all just stay here and have your pretend little family dinner. You'll probably all be in bed by ten." Her first point was valid. With a fully equipped kitchen at the beach house and a lack of decent restaurants for quite a distance down the shore road, it was much less hassle at the end of a long day to stay in and cook a communal meal. 'Stay in,' however, was not part of Maddie's vocabulary. She lived for gourmet dinners and expensive drinks, preferably at somebody else's expense. 

 "Don't wait up, mom," Maddie said to Eddie in her usual, droll way. She turned and left, the screen door banging loudly behind her.

 "What an entitled bitch," Angie said.

 "I heard that, ya little cunt!" Maddie yelled back from outside. The sound of the van's motor erupted and disappeared into the gathering darkness.

 Angie stepped close to me. She was wearing nothing but a thong bikini bottom and flip-flops, and a dark, firm, bare tit brushed my arm as she slid the celery and herbs off the cutting board and into the sauce pot. I was used to seeing Angie topless, and normally that type of innocent, incidental contact would not have made that big an impact on me. In my sexually-focused state, however, I found it immediately arousing. I knew better than to think it meant anything to her — even if I had been female.

 "Stand back," Eddie said. Wearing only a chef's apron, he cautiously carried the boiling spaghetti pot to the sink and poured the contents through a strainer. "This is perfectly el dente," he said. "if your girlfriend doesn't show up soon, we eat without her. I won't put up with sticky, starchy pasta."

 "This sauce needs a few more minutes," I replied. "And please don't call her my girlfriend; I don't even know her." 

 Eddie took off the apron and laid it over a chair. "I have time for a quick shower, then." He crossed nude to the stairs and dashed up.

I don't even know her, I said once more to myself. I had already seen Dot nude. I had watched her diddle her clit. I had pushed my erect member deep into her pussy, felt her orgasm, and squirted my cum all over her belly. But I didn't know her — not even in the least, really. I had fucked a stranger, something I could never say before. It was an odd realization, but not an uncomfortable one. In fact, it made my cock tingle. That made me somewhat anxious. Unlike my baggies, the khaki shorts I'd put on after my own shower wouldn't do much to hide an erection now.

 Just then, there was a rap on the screen door. "Hello?" came a cheery female voice. I immediately went to the door. Through the screen, Dot appeared to be dressed in a pair of denim bib overalls with a purple lycra jog bra under them. 

 "Hi, thanks for coming!" I said enthusiastically and opened the door. "Come in!"

 As she stepped in, I realized that Dot was actually wearing a bib-style denim jumper. The hem of the skirt was not quite miniskirt-short, ending about half way down her chubby, tanned thighs. The strappy, purple sandals on her feet matched the tight-fitting tank top that restrained her ample bosom. She'd done her hair; the curls in her chestnut hair were much larger than when we'd met on the beach. She wore muted pink lipstick and just a hint of eye shadow. She smelled of rose petals and baby powder. 

 "Am I on time?" Dot asked politely.

 "Your timing is perfect," I said. "Dot, this is Angelina, she one of the mod— um, my friend."

 "Nice to meet you," Angelina said warmly. "Well, meet you again, I suppose." She stepped over and gave Dot a polite hug. As they broke their embrace, Dot gestured to her topless mode. "Am I overdressed?" Dot asked shyly. "I had no idea how to dress. Or if to dress."

 "Oh god, I wasn't thinking. I should've covered up," Angie said. She reached for the white men's dress shirt that she'd left draped over a chair.

 "Why?" Dot laughed. "We met on a nude beach; we've all seen each other's bodies. Hell, y'all watched me fuck! I can't see much call for decorum at this point." 

 The argument must have made sense to Angie. She continued to pull on the shirt but didn't bother to button it. "Damn, I just love the way this girl thinks," Angie said to me with a grin.

 "You look perfect," I said to Dot, trying to sound reassuring. I'd never seen her in clothes before, so I hadn't known what to expect, but she really did look damned cute. Not just "cute for a fat chick," either. Cute. Cuddly. Adorable. Sexy. Her broad, natural smile only added to the attraction. She was the kind of woman I hoped to fuck again, and soon.

 Eddie came back downstairs wearing an oversized tank top and an ultra-short pair of cutoffs that displayed a good chunk of his ass. His hair was still wet. "Let's eat!" he said enthusiastically.

 Dot looked at the table. "You're eating in here?" she asked. The three of us glanced at each other, unsure of how to respond. Dot pointed at the sliding glass door facing the beach. "We've got such a gorgeous evening right out there."

 "You're absolutely right," Eddie said emphatically. "I stay in resorts so often that I've begun to take places like this for granted. We need to make the most of every moment." He grabbed the big bowl of pasta off the table with a flourish and headed out to the table on the deck. The rest of us scrambled behind him to collect the rest of the food and place settings. Once we had reset the table outside, Eddie brought out a couple of candles. We ate by their light as the light faded and dusk became darkness. 

 Over dinner, the three of us peppered Dot with an impolite number of questions. We learned that she was 28. She had spent her childhood in Northern California and her high school years in Corpus Christi. She now lived in Houston, where she worked for the motor vehicle bureau. This was the third summer in a row that she'd vacationed at our particular beach spot. I didn't bother ask about a boyfriend back home; her earlier confession of long-term romantic deprivation was what prompted our exhibitionistic antics that afternoon.

 By the time we were eating desert — a bag of store-bought chocolate-chip cookies — the small talk had dwindled. After a long pause, Dot blurted out, "Y'all think I'm some kinda slut, don't ya? After today..."

 "If what we did makes you're a slut, what does that make me?" I asked.

 Angie scoffed. "Please. I've probably slept with more men that you have."

 "I thought Bret said you were lesbian."

 "Yes, that's precisely my point. Men aren't who I usually sleep with, but I've been known to hop the fence now and then."

 "Wouldn't that make you bisexual?"

 Angie laughed. "I suppose technically I am. But from the time I was old enough to have sexual fantasies, they were about women. I guess I'm a lesbian because pretty girls are what makes me wet. But back to the point, I'm sure I've fucked around a lot more than you have, so you're not a slut in my eyes. Although it really shouldn't matter who calls you a slut or not."

 "I'm a total slut, and I don't care who knows it." Eddie proudly interjected. "Embracing your sluttiness can be quite liberating." 

 Dot licked her finger, dabbed a couple of cookie crumbs off her place-mat, and put it back on her tongue. She did it just slow enough for it to be quite sensual. I wondered if that was a deliberate tease, but I guessed it wasn't. "Yeah, but don't you sometimes just need a hard cock?" she asked Angie. 

 "I know I do," Eddie said, again to nobody in particular. Angie ignored him. 

 "Dot, a girl can fill that craving with lots of other things."

 "Trust me," Dot said, "I know all about that. Ninety-nine percent of my sex life is other things: fingers, dildos, vibrators; it's just not the same."

 "I think it's doing it yourself that makes it less satisfying. Have you ever let somebody else get you off with a dildo?"

 Eddie started to clear the table. I didn't offer to help. This was getting very interesting.

 "No," Dot said. "I haven't. But I can see how that might — "

 "Do you want to?" Angie interrupted.

 Dot paused, but only for a second. "Here? Now? ...YOU?"

 "Only if you want."

 Dot shrugged. "I guess, um..." Then a mischievous grin spread across her face. "Why not? I'm game if you are."

 Angie immediately got up. "Come up to my room, then."

 Eddie carried the dishes inside to the kitchen.

 Dot looked at me and the smile left her face. "Oh, that not cool, is it? You probably expected — "

 I cut her off. "I had no expectations, Dot. And it doesn't matter what I expected, anyway."

 "Can I borrow your new friend, Lover Boy?" Angie asked.

 I looked straight at Dot. "You don't owe me anything, Dot. We're strangers, remember? You're single; you're your own woman. You do whatever you want."

 "Yeah, but it still feels wrong. You know, impolite," Dot said.

 "How about if we let him watch?" Angie suggested. "Would that be better?" She turned toward me. "You wouldn't object to that arrangement, would you, Bret?" 

 "No, no. Not at all," I stammered.

 "Wait here," Angie said. She ran inside and headed upstairs.

 "She isn't talking you into this, it she?" I asked seriously once Angie was gone. "She can be pretty aggressive."

 "Not at all. It's pretty exciting," Dot giggled. "I guess we're doing it out here?"

 "Would you rather go inside?"

 Dot looked back at me. By the flickering candlelight, I could tell her warm smile was back. "Actually, no, I don't think so. It's too beautiful a night." I instinctively looked out over the deck rail, toward the beach. A crescent moon was just rising over the horizon to the east. The slight breeze off the water was still warm and humid on my bare chest. "I love being outdoors," Dot continued. "I will just have to remember to keep my volume down."

 I flashed back to Dot's enthusiastic shouts of ecstasy while I was fucking her on the beach. It gave my cock a twinge, which felt awkward. Yes, I had been hoping to fuck her again. How could I not? But as we sat silently, taking in the beauty of the island night as we waited for Angie's return, it occurred to me that watching her orgasm at the hands of another woman would not be an unwelcome consolation. 

 "My, my. Two fantasies in one day," Dot finally said, looking up at the clear night sky.

 "You've fantasized about doing it with a woman?" I asked.

 "Who hasn't?" she asked incredulously. "It's amazing how many erotic romance novels include lesbian encounters. Novels intended for straight chicks, I mean. I think all women must find sappho-eroticism pretty hot."

Sappho-eroticism. I chuckled inwardly at her casual use of the sophisticated term. She was truly the well-read bookworm she claimed to be. Her obvious intelligence just made me more attracted to her.

 Angie came back out holding a thick, realistically-shaped rubber dong and a slightly shorter, thinner vibrator. She dropped them onto a chaise lounge on the other end of the deck. "Okay, girlie, get comfortable. Doctor Angie is going to make you feel alright."

 Dot crossed over to the lounger. She tugged on her jumper's suspenders. "Take this off?" she asked.

 "Do whatever you want," Angie said.

 Dot unclipped the straps and let the denim bib drop to her waist. She unbuttoned the sides of the jumper and shimmied out of the skirt, causing her big mounds to jiggle within the stretchy confines of her bra top. Her skirt dropped to the deck, revealing a totally bare ass and pussy. 

 "You've been commando under that skirt all evening?" Angie said playfully.

 "Well, with an ass like this, I never know what to wear. A thong just highlights how much ass cleavage I have. A Brazilian cut is never comfortable. A full-coverage panty is huge and makes me feel like an old maid. It's easier and more pleasant to just go without."

 "I should have paid closer attention!" I said.

 "Well, you can see it all pretty plainly now, can't you?" Dot giggled. She stuck her butt out a little and jiggled her ample cheeks. I felt my cock twitch. I wanted to grab her, bend her over, and take her from behind right then.

 "Enough about him," Angie said. "This is about you. And take that top off; I will need to suck those nipples for the full effect."

 "Oh, I love having my nipples sucked!" Dot said enthusiastically.

 "How delightful," Angie said. Dot pulled her jog bra over her head. Even before she'd tossed it away, Angie was reaching for Dot's big breasts, first cupping them, then jiggling them. "Gorgeous jugs," she said appreciatively, pinching her nipples erect. Before long, Angie was sucking them, biting them, pushing them together and running her tongue down Dot's cleavage. 

 Dot sighed. "That's heavenly." 

 Angie straightened up. "Lie back, dear," she said. 

 Dot reclined on the lounger. Angie guided her legs open and knelt between them. Without a moment's pause, she leaned down and pressed her mouth onto Dot's sex. Dot looked at me with a silent expression of amazement, her mouth slightly open. She seemed to be expressing a bit of giddy disbelief over what she was allowing to happen. Angie went down on Dot for some time. In the dim light, I couldn't make out exactly what Angie was doing; I imagined her kissing and sucking Dot's swollen clit, twirling her tongue over Dot's thick pussy lips, and running it deeply up and down her slit. Dot was soon lying back with her eyes closed, basking in the fleshly pleasure she was receiving from a woman skilled in the practice of cunnilingus. Eventually, she began breathing heavier and moaning. "Ohhh. Ohhh. OOOOooooh."

 Angie sat up. Without a word, she reached for the vibrator, turned it on, and placed it on Dot's clit. Dot jumped slightly, then began grinning more intensely. "Oh, that feels so good," Dot said, "So beautiful."

 Angie motioned to me and pointed to Dot's breasts. I didn't need more encouragement than that. I got up and knelt next to Dot. I took one nipple into my mouth while I pinched the other one. Dot's eyes popped open, startled by my touch. "Oh, wow, okay," she said. 

 "Is this alright?" I asked. "I can go sit back down."

 "Shut up, idiot," Angie said. Dot nodded and closed her eyes again. 

 After a while I heard the buzz of the vibrator change. I glanced closer to see Angie working the big dildo into Dot's slit. Once it was fully inserted, she went back to vibe-ing her sex button, but now with the added sensation of a thick dong sliding in and out of her vagina.

 "Oh MY!" Dot squealed.

 "Just lay back and enjoy, Sister," Angie said. I bent down and took her nipple back into my mouth.

 Dot began panting and gyrating. As several more hedonistic minutes passed, her breathing became deeper, her involuntary squirms more rapid and pronounced. Clearly, the wave of passion she was riding was continuing to build. Soon I was hearing the sloppy sounds of a dripping-wet pussy with every stroke of the dildo's rubber shaft. Her orgasm couldn't be too far off now.

 Unexpectedly, Dot grabbed her breasts and squeezed her mounds, pushing her nipples up toward me. I pinched both her nipples as hard as I could imagine being enjoyable. "Mmmmmm, yeahhhhhhhh..." was all she could utter through clenched teeth. I began tugging hard on her tits and rolling her stiff nipples roughly between my fingers and thumbs. "OH FUCK!" she suddenly yelled. "Awwwwww! AWWWWWW!" I looked down between her legs. Angie was vigorously sliding the dildo in and and out, shoving it deep into Dot's pussy. The tip of the vibrator was still pushed hard against her clit, buzzing wildly. "FUCK! FUCK! FUUUUU — " her exclamation went suddenly silent as she held her breath and noiselessly convulsed with ecstasy. She came for what seemed an eternity. "Oh fu — " she would attempt to spit out, only to be silenced by another peak of pleasure. Angie sure knew how to work over a girl's pussy, I thought.

 Angie finally relented and pulled the vibrator away from Dot's clit. 

 Dot exhaled and drew a huge breath. "Hooooo!" she gasped.

 "Now, was that better than doing it yourself?" Angie asked as she pulled the dildo out of Dot's pussy.

 "Damn straight it was!" Dot said with a laugh.

 "Was it as good as a man's cock?" Angie went on to ask.

 "Boy, I'm not sure," Dot said. She slid her hand over her own quivering pussy. "Don't get me wrong, that was awesome, but..." She looked at me. "I might need to do a side-by-side comparison."

 "Damn, girl!" Angie exclaimed. "Still want more? You don't mess around."

 She looked at me eye-to-eye. "I want more. Keep it goin'. I want your cock. Fuck me." 

 I wasted no time pulling off my shorts. As soon as I was nude, Dot reached for my rod and drew me close to her lips. I was already well past half erect, so a blow job was hardly necessary. By the time she drew my tip into her mouth, my cock was rock-hard. I could have let her massage me with her tongue and suck on my shaft all evening, but the idea of quickly plunging it deep into her squidgy, freshly-pleasured pussy had captured my imagination. I pulled away and crawled on top of her. Her soft, ample curves were damp with sweat in the humid night air. I positioned my cock head at her opening and pushed. Thanks to her gushing orgasm and the big dildo, I slid in effortlessly. Her interior was incredibly hot, like walking into a Turkish bath. The feeling was pleasurable and erotic beyond description.
