 Chapter 6: Hank's Bar.

I have to thank (Hale) for the fine editing skills without which this effort would not be readable.

In this chapter we discover Hank's bar where we take our fun from our homes, to a more public location. The exhibitionism there escalates to be something monumental, and then the girls play times continue in a new more exciting direction. 

This chapter has more sex in it but like the rest of my stories there is no real descriptive sex in it. So if you like a story where the sex is hot and fast then this is not the story for you. I like to leave some facts for the reader to use their imagination. This story is of how events escalated, and eventually led the participants into a new sexual lifestyle. I don't really know what category I should be putting this story under. It could be exhibitionism, group, or even loving wives because there is a lot of all of that in this story. Because it is mainly about two girls that have multiple partners I am putting it under the group category.

*

All of us were pretty happy with the way our lives were going in regards to the orgy/gangbang group we had going, and even though most things were still exciting for us, some things were starting to get old and familiar. Trying to find different lingerie for April and Amy to wear so that they could strut their bodies around for us at the start of a session was getting to be tricky. After all there are only so many combinations of teddies, merry widows and other lingerie that a guy can see until they all start to look the same.

Amy and April dressing in their revealing outfits and then taunting us with their bodies was the one thing that really got the girls in the mood before we advanced to the "play time" where the girls allowed the six of us guys to use their bodies as many times and ways as we could in a night. We knew that if we didn't show enthusiastic responses to their antics as they flaunted their bodies for us, that they wouldn't get as excited about the sex that always followed their dancing. So making sure they never lost their interest in getting themselves ramped up at the start of the night was a priority for us.

Al and I had discussed this one day at work and Joe and Ray had heard us. Ray was the one that came up with the idea of getting the girls into a new and invigorating setting. He suggested the amateur night at the strip club down the road. We knew the girls got pretty excited when they were displaying their bodies for our enjoyment so, we figured that they would be hotter than a firecracker if they did their thing in front of an audience of strangers.

As we discussed this we decided to check out the club. We went on the next amateur night and found that there were actually quite a few girls that participated, and the bar was packed with horny guys. The girls that night did the usual strip, and then went backstage to wait for the judging. Most of the girls went as far as their panties but stopped there. Very few went all the way to total nudity.

The girls were all amateurs, so the reaction from the crowd was fairly boisterous because, most of the girls didn't know how to bump and grind. The crowd let the bad dancers know their dancing wasn't good by booing and jeering. Mind you when a girl was giving a good performance there were loud cheers and catcalls as the audience showed their appreciation.

As we were leaving Ray bumped into a guy, and as they apologized to each other for their clumsiness they looked at each other and they realized they had gone to school together. The rest of us left, and Ray and his old friend went to have a drink together.

The next day at work Ray was excited about something, and almost dragged us out of the building for our coffee break to tell us what was on his mind. He told us that Hank, the guy he had bumped into at the bar, actually owned the place. The two of them got caught up in their lives, and Hank told Ray he was trying to find dancers that gave different style acts that were unusual so that he could have the best strip joint in town.

Hank had the amateur nights, which were popular, and held other events too, like the wet tee shirt contests, and once a month he held real crowd pleaser. That night was "bikini night" where any girl that entered the club in a bikini got free admission. If the bikini clad woman danced on stage her bar tab was taken care of for the rest of the night. There was also a contest to see which girl danced on the stage the best for some prize money.

After Ray had gotten home he thought about what Hank had said. He realized that Hank was the answer to our problem of keeping our girls going and introducing something new into the mix. His plan was to get the girls to dance on stage on the bikini night. Knowing the bar patron's reactions to almost naked girls, our girls should get pretty hot and bothered by the audiences reactions to them.

We talked over this idea and decided that we would ask the girls to work up a dance act for us that looked somewhat professional instead of the flaunting that they were doing now. We decided that if we told them that their strutting and flaunting was great, but a dance act would be hotter, they would willingly try to do that little different thing just for us. We also thought that they had to come up with a routine that was pretty hot or they would get jeered off the stage.

When we asked them about doing a dance number for us, they got right into staging the event. They spent a lot of time rehearsing and even had a girl that April worked with that had done some professional dancing in some musical show, choreograph it for them. Of course the two of them wouldn't let us watch because they said they wanted the first time we saw the act to be a surprise.

Alice, the girl who helped with the choreography was sort of put off about the "micro bikini" outfits the girls wore, but April and Amy put a real effort into that routine and Alice could see that it was pretty hot. By the time they were finished perfecting the routine, even Alice said that they had something that was definitely different and downright sexy.

Ray had been talking to Hank a fair bit, and had told him about these girls he knew that had a show he would love. Hank told Ray that if they were any good he would love to have then come in sometime and show him what they had. That night April and Amy preformed their act for us for the first time at Al and Amy's place. They were absolutely great. We knew they had a winning routine and would blow the socks off the audience at Hank's place.

They came out in their "micro bikinis" and did a bit of bump and grind to a slow tune. When the music changed into their second song, which was a fast dance tune, they got some Hula-Hoops out and started to twirl them on their hips while they danced around. Imagine trying to dance in a set pattern around the room while you rotated your hips to keep the hoops twirling. Let me tell you their gyrations looked as sexy as all get out. Needless to say we were proud of the show that the girls had worked out, and that night the sex was just as hot as it could get.

April and Amy were thrilled that they had done such a good job with their dance and we all fucked ourselves silly that night.

The next day we had to tell the girls why we wanted them to put together a show and told them of our plan to get them on stage at Hanks bar. They were concerned about a public showing but said they would think it over. After all doing this at home was a thrill but having an audience in a bar was a bit intimidating. We assured them that on Hanks bikini, or amateur strip night, there would be lots of other near nude women there and we were sure that they would blow away the competition. 

Al said the only improvement he could think of for their act was to work out taking off the bikinis to do it nude for an added third tune. The girls told us that doing that would be no problem and easy to do, and that they would do it for us that night. They practiced their routines in the basement where we weren't allowed to peek.

They found another song they liked and practiced how they would remove the bikinis. Reaching over to undo the others bikini while they had those hoops twirling around their hips wasn't as easy as they thought, but with some practice they did it. That night's performance was something out of this world. The nudity and gyrating to the third song was magnificent. The girls rotating their hips with those hoops and their bodies wiggling as they did their dance patterns was a real turn on.

The next week we all went to Hanks bar so the girls could check things out, and after watching all of the other half-drunk girls doing their strutting in the bikini contest, Amy, and April were giggling at the lack of competition. They agreed that the two of them could do a lot better and be a lot sexier than any of the other women that had danced that night. They were critiquing the other girls dancing and were telling each other how much "better their dancing was," and that when "they danced" they would kick butt and take the first prize.

The four of us guys couldn't believe our luck. The girls were losing their concerns about actually appearing nude in public and talking themselves into performing their act on stage. We didn't even have to beg and plead.

April and Amy met Hank and arranged a date for the girls to perform. Hank told us that if these girls were half as good as they looked he would love to have them as regulars. Because of a long weekend Hank decided that the week that the girls would be there, the bikini and amateur strip night would be combined.

The girls were all more than just a little excited waiting for the night when they were going to perform. The only concern they had was that someone they knew might be there and the word would be out about their behaviour. Al suggested they get some masks to hide their faces so that no one would recognize them and April and Amy thought that was a hell of an idea. Of course us guys had to get masks too because we would be seen with them and people would connect us to them.

April found some fancy Halloween masks that covered their faces and the girls tried them on and said that they would be a good enough disguise. Because they were feather covered and hid the girls faces they were just what the doctor ordered, and as a big plus they didn't hamper the girl's sight lines. Those masks were actually durable enough that they didn't fall off when they were doing their dancing.

The night of the big event we all walked into Hanks bar together. The girls were only wearing their "micro bikinis", their masks and heels. That got them a lot of attention and a lot of guys were sure checking them out. Who could blame them, the girls had been working out ever since we started this group so they would look good strutting around almost naked for us. Their bodies were in real fine shape as a result. We had arranged with Hank for the girls to be the last act for the combined bikini and strip contest and when it got close to their time to do their thing we all went back stage to get them ready.

They were introduced as the "Two Mask-a-teers" and the music started. They came on stage and started their routine. By the second song when it got to the Hula-Hoops the audience was on their feet to get a better look at this unconventional act. They were soon cheering and screaming for the girls. The girls kept up their routine and during that second tune when they were prancing about and twirling the Hula-hoops at the same time, they got into position side by side and at a certain spot in the music they both reached over and untied the other girl's bikini top. The tops simultaneously dropped to the floor and they continued their dance topless.

That got the crowd's attention. The two of them looked as sexy as anything I'd ever seen. Imagine a topless girl rotating her hips while she struts around the stage thrusting her hips back and forth to keep in step to the music while at the same time she keeps the hula hoops rotating. The gyrations they were doing with their bodies made every guy in the place look at their vigorously contorting bodies. Their tits were thrusting back and forth and bouncing about as their hips gyrated in circles. We saw a bunch of tips being thrown on stage and one of Hanks employees was busy collecting them.

When it came time for the third tune the two of them still had their hips rotating with the hoops and during the tune they did the same procedure to remove their bikini bottoms as they continued to dance and rotate those hoops. As those bottoms fell there was absolute bedlam in the place. Not too many of the other contestants had got down to complete nudity so when the bikini bottoms hit the floor the crowd went crazy.

The girls looked absolutely amazing as that danced about twirling those hoops totally nude. April was yelling something to Amy, but I couldn't hear over the music and cheering what she was saying. Amy gave April a thumbs up, and April signalled the sound guy to keep the music playing. They stretched their act out to do another songs' worth of dancing, which pleased the crowd something fierce.

It was a no brainer. Amy and April took the prize that night. They won hands down, and we hardly made it to Ray and Joe's place, which was only a block away before the girls were almost raping us guys. They couldn't have been any more horny right then. Doing their act in front of a bunch of strangers had gotten them so worked up, that as they walked off the stage they had juice leaking out of their pussy's and running down their legs.

Believe me when I say that if it wasn't for the extra dildos we had, the girls would not have been satisfied that night. They went through the six of us guys like a tornado and wanted a lot more.

Ray saw Hank a couple of days later and Hank had the girl's prize money, and the tips that had been collected for them. Ray got the girls together and gave them just under two thousand dollars each. Hank had told Ray that if the girls came back he would make sure that he gave them star status.

The night the girls preformed Hank had been asked a million times when the "two mask-a-teers" would be back for another appearance. Hank was no dummy and knew April and Amy had a special act that could line his pockets. He was also thinking that if they ever agreed to perform again that he would have a couple of walls removed to make room for a bigger audience.

April and Amy were still on a high a few days after their appearance at the bar. April told us that having their own private audience of six guys had been a real turn on, but when they had removed their bikinis at the bar for about a thousand horny strangers, the feelings she had were out of this world. Amy told us that when her bikini had hit the floor she had cum so hard she had a difficult time keeping the hoop rotating. They both agreed that they had never felt anything that made their bodies so stimulated or sexually aroused in their life, so when they heard Hank wanted them to come and perform again they decided that they would.

A month later, after polishing their act some more April and Amy returned on a Friday night for their encore performance. That gave Hank just enough time to hastily rearrange his bar by removing a wall so it held a bigger audience. Hank had also been advertising the date the girls would be back and the word had spread fast to the patrons. The night Amy and April were coming back the demand was so high for admittance that Hank had to sell tickets in advance.

We had told Hank how the girls got super horny when they went in their exhibitionist phase, and we had told him what had happened the night the girls had first preformed at his bar and our not being able to give the girls all they wanted. Because Hank was himself a horny guy he had a couple of "casting couches" in the back room. Hank told us that if they were always like that that he would let us use that room, and if we couldn't satisfy them he would find guys to fill in for us.

Al and I thought this would be a welcome addition, and something that April and Amy would like to fill their heavy duty need for cock after their performance. We told them about Hanks plan for using the back room and him getting more guys to help satisfy their needs if they needed it. They both figured that with them both having three extra guys already, besides their own husbands that a few more wouldn't matter, and then we wouldn't have to use dildos to assist us.

The girls decided they would dance after all the pro strippers had done their acts. They were worried that they wouldn't be able to compete with the pros, but we assured them that they had nothing to worry about. Well that second performance the girls did put the pros to shame. They even came off the stage for one tune to dance amongst the audience. That got them groped a lot with a lot boob squeezing and ass pinching not to mention pussy poking. The audience wanted more but the bouncers broke things up before it got out of hand.

With the girls being so horny right then we headed for the back room where the girls were even hotter than the time before. As we had thought, the girls wore us out pretty fast and we had to get assistance. Hank came to the rescue with another five guys. He couldn't resist and wanted some of the girls for himself. April and Amy exceeded our expectations that night and by five in the morning they had worn out twelve guys in total. They were really sore after that so when we got them home they had to rest for two days.

Would you believe that each girl made close to five grand that night. Hank was paying them his best rate for their dancing on stage, plus what the girls collected in tips added a lot of that total. Hank had also auctioned off chances to spend some "play time" with the girls after the bar closed. After what the girls had shown the audience earlier a lot of guys were bidding pretty heavy for a chance to get up close and personal with either of them. With that added to the girl's pot they really cleaned up.

When the girls heard that Hank had pimped them out we expected them to be upset, but they thought it was a convenient arrangement to help us guys cool the sexual fervour and passion that the girls had worked up on stage. The girls were surprised that so many guys would like to sample what they had, even if it had been well used by us regular six guys first. They told Hank that they would be back for every second Friday after that for twenty weeks. That would give each girl one hundred thousand dollars all of which was cash and the tax man wouldn't know about it.

With this schedule that the girls were on, there was no way us six guys could keep up with the girl's demands plus the regular requests during the week days with them. They asked Hank to get more guys for the nights they preformed and that way we guys only had to be available for the weekdays, which weren't quite so demanding on us.

Doing that doubled their earnings per appearance and at the end of the twenty weeks the girl's reputation had gotten around to a lot of clubs in the western area and they were requested to put on shows in other cities.

*

Only one more chapter to go, where the girls do the ultimate show and then retire.