 Kevin was 35 and a driver for Uber. He had always fantasized about picking up a hot couple or a couple of hot girls and having them make-out in the backseat of his car while taking them to their destination or hotel room. 

The night before Halloween, Kevin and wife Julie had an hour of intense, passionate sex and were cuddling when he brings up the possibility of hitting the big party in town and swinging.

"Maybe we should hit that big Halloween party at the hotel," he says. "There will be a lot of college kids and 20-somethings there for us to have some fun with. Maybe we can get lucky and do some swinging." 

"Are you crazy?" she retorted. "I don't want to cheat on you. Besides, we might see someone we know and what younger guy would be interested in me when they can have someone hot that's their age." 

"C'mon baby," he pleads. "It's only one night, we'll make condom use mandatory. Believe me you're hot and guys will want you just like they wanted Stiffler's mom or Stacey's Mom"

Julie is also 35 with straight amber hair extending a few inches past her shoulders, sparkling green eyes, 36D breasts, a shapely figure and a nice rounded ass. 

"Why don't you go out and make some bucks driving tomorrow night," she said. "I'll stay home and deal with the trick-or-treaters, then we can have our own fun private party."

That night Julie had a dream of being blindfolded and OD'ing on orgasms being fucked by three studs in masks.

"This is what can happen if you do what your husband wants," a devil-like figure says. "Go out and show him what can happen if he wants his wife to cheat. You'll get all the pleasure you desire and more."

In her sleep she smiled and let a low moan escape her lips.

Kevin dreamed of meeting a really hot woman in a devil costume at the party and bringing her home and engaging in a three-way with Julie. Julie shocks him by being open to the suggestion and hours of mind-blowing sex ensue. Julie shocked him further by displaying a bi-side and engaging in some 69 with the devilish woman as well. 

"Don't think this way," an angelic figure says. "You'll only break the heart of the one you love despite what you're seeing."

In his sleep Kevin smiled and developed a hard-on.

Halloween morning, they didn't say a thing to each other about the dreams and just went about their normal routines. 

That night, to have some fun, Kevin wore a Cupid costume to do his Uber driving in. He had the wings and his bow and arrow next to him. He had on a white t-shirt and white gym shorts while going commando. He left the house around 7 and his first trip request of the night was a pick-up at a sorority house at the local college. Three hot girls dressed as various devils (lingerie devil, standard devil, devil in blue dress) came out for him to take to big party in town at a hotel where they've booked a suite. 

The lingerie devil introduced herself as Brittany. She was a brown-eyed blonde with shoulder-length hair, 38D breasts, a body to rival that of any Victoria's Secret model, and was wearing lavender-colored lingerie with a plunging neckline showing plenty of cleavage and a lacy bottom that barely covered her ass. She was wearing matching panties and a push-up bra under the lingerie. The standard devil was named Kara and was a red-head with short, curly hair, green eyes, 34B breasts and wearing a red jump suit, red face paint and carried a red pitchfork. She had a few extra pounds, but carried it well. Kevin thought that Nicole, wearing the blue dress, was the hottest of the three. She had sparkling blue eyes, shoulder-length straight black hair, despite having an average build she had curves in all the right places, a nice ass with a touch of plumpness, 36C breasts and was wearing a navy blue dress with a plunging neckline that showed some cleavage. The dress was ankle length, but slit up the sides to show plenty of blue silk stocking-covered leg. All three girls wore devil horns. 

Brittany sat in front with Kevin while Kara and Nicole got in back. A couple of minutes into the ride, in his rearview mirror, Kevin saw Kara and Nicole kissing in the backseat, feeling each other up. The sight of it had started to turn him on. Brittany pulled down the top of her lingerie, moved a hand to Kevin's lap, licked her lips and asked him if he liked what he saw. 

He smiled and said "yes"

"Maybe you'll like this more," Brittany said as she reached into the shorts and started to stroke him. 

Kevin was finding it hard to concentrate on the road during the handjob which brought him to full stiffness, which is 7 inches long and 4 inches around. 

"Ladies, I think he's the perfect size for what we need," Brittany called out. "What do you think?"

"He's cute," Nicole said. "Let's bring him up." 

"I agree," Kara said. 

"You better stop what you're doing or else I'll finish here and there won't be any size," Kevin said. 

The girls laughed and Brittany stopped stroking him.

"We've never had a four-way with the three of us sharing a guy," Brittany said. "We wanted to change that tonight and want to make you that guy, what do you say?" 

At that moment, two apparitions appeared on his shoulders that only he saw - an angel and a devil. 

'Resist temptation, go home and enjoy your wife's private party," the angel said. 

"The hell with that," the devil said. "You've got three hot college chicks who want your cock, you'll never have the opportunity again. Do them. Let them share you. Suck their tits, eat their pussies, fuck their brains out, be their boy toy/sex slave. Be a wild man. How many guys get to experience a ménage-a-quartet?"

He shakes his head to get rid of the apparitions and looks at the girls. 

"Is that a no?" Nicole asked with a hint of disappointment in her voice. 

"No," Kevin said. "I'm just shaking my head in disbelief the three of you want me. Of course I'll be your man." 

The girls cheer as he pulls up to the hotel and parks the car right around 8 p.m.

"I need to ask, what constitutes the perfect size for your needs?" 

"Kara's boyfriend has six inches, but really thick, like six inches around," Nicole explained. "Brittany's guy is hung like a horse - a foot long and thick like Kara's. My guy is nine inches long, but thin, only three inches thick. We were looking for a guy in-between who had average to above-average length, but average thickness."

"Then I'm your man"

Once in the suite, clothes were quickly shred and they pin him down on the bed. Brittany and Kara started sharing his cock, taking turns licking and stroking it. Nicole laid down next to him and put her hand on his face.

"You look even better up here than you did in the car," she said. "I can't wait to get your cock inside me." 

With that she plunged her tongue between his lips and he responded. Their tongues intertwined, dancing in their mouths as they hugged. 

"He's ready!" Brittany called out. 

"I'm first!" Nicole called out. She grabbed a condom and rolled it onto him as Kara started to lick his balls. Brittany moved up to the head of the bed and swung a leg over his head and lowered her pussy to his mouth. Kara held his cock straight up as Nicole lowered herself onto it. 

As much as he was enjoying Brittany's pussy, he wished he could see Nicole riding him. He slowly tongued Brittany's pussy, finding her clit and gently enclosing his teeth around it making her moan. Then he started to slide his tongue between the folds of her pussy. She emitted a high-pitched moan that was almost a squeal. While he was pleasing Brittany he felt Nicole's pussy moving up and down his cock at a faster pace. He loved how tight it felt wrapped around his cock. It was squeezing and milking his cock just as good, maybe even better, than his wife's pussy. He pictured how much her perfect breasts were bouncing, wondering if there was any sweat on them that needed to be licked off. He was wondering if there was sweat running down her forehand into those spectacular baby blue eyes. 

"Your cock feels so good," he heard Nicole moan. "I love riding it. It's a perfect fit."

The sensations of Kara running her tongue over his balls and sucking them into her mouth one at a time, combined with Nicole's riding soon became too much for him. He groaned that he was going to cum and thrust his hips up just as Nicole was coming down. Nicole let out a moan of "oh God yes!" 

The girls climbed off him and Nicole removed the condom and started giving him the most amazing blowjob he's ever had. The way she used her lips and tongue to tease the tip and then the entire shaft had him hard again in no time, begging her to swallow his load.

"Can't do that yet," she grinned. "There are two more girls here that need turns riding it." 

With that Kara slid a condom onto him while Brittany got between his legs. Brittany held his cock still as Kara lowered herself onto it and Brittany started to tongue his balls. Nicole swung a leg over his face, lowered herself to him and said "eat up"

Kara started riding him hard and fast, panting how good it felt. For Kevin, it wasn't as good. Her pussy felt looser and didn't squeeze him like Nicole's did. He devoted his attention to Nicole's pussy. Slowly licking it, taking his time, wanting to give her a mind-blowing orgasm. He heard the sounds of Kara's thighs slapping against his and felt Brittany's tongue and lips doing amazing things to his balls, but he was focused on Nicole. He was tracing the alphabet on her pussy lips with his tongue. He followed that with sucking her pussy lips between his. He moved his hands up and slowly started to rub her clit with one while sliding one, then two fingers inside her with the other. He kept up the tonging and finger-fucking as he felt his face getting wet with her juices. He savored every drop and kept going until he heard her shrieks of pleasure and felt her putting her hands on his head pushing him into her pussy. At that moment he groaned he was cumming and shot another load without thrusting his hips. 

"That was amazing," Nicole said breathlessly. "You're the best pussy eater I've ever had." 

"He was good, but not that good," Brittany said with a hint of jealousy in her voice. 

Nicole put her head on Kevin's shoulder and smiled at him. 

"I did that just for you," Kevin whispered to her.

"I like giving you extra special treatment too," she whispered back and winked at him.

Once Kara sucked him hard, the girls assumed their new positions - Nicole sucking his balls, Brittany riding his cock and Kara straddling his face.

"I'll be the judge of how good a pussy-eater he is," she said with a grin.

Brittany started riding slow and picked the pace up quickly. But as was the case with Kara, Kevin thought she was too loose. Kara's pussy had a weird taste/smell to it, which discouraged Kevin from doing his best. He licked her adequately enough, but didn't give it his best effort.

However, Nicole was doing a number on his balls. The way she traced her tongue over them before sucking them into her mouth one at a time had him in heaven. She went one better than the others by quickly twirling her tongue around the base of the shaft every time Brittany lifted herself off. 

Although Brittany was moaning loudly in pleasure and Kara was squealing a little, Nicole had Kevin's full attention and her tongue and lips had him shooting quickly, much to Brittany's disappointment.

At the time Kevin was starting to party with the girls, Julie was at home. At around 8, she had put a sign on the door saying "out of candy" and changed into a sexy witch costume with no bra and no underwear. It featured a low cut open front that not only showed all of her cleavage, but the sides of her breasts as well as the opening stopped just north of her belly button. The cape and gown extended down mid-leg. The gown was open on the sides to show off the legs. She was wearing fishnet silk stockings to accentuate her legs. 

After waiting for Kevin for 20 minutes she got bored and broke out a long, thin vibrator and did herself to orgasm. 

"If he's not interested in this private party, I'll go over to the big party and see what happens," she thought to herself. 

She went to the party, sans underwear, went up to the bar and got herself a cosmo. While standing with her back to the bar, she found herself surrounded by three muscular guys in colored devil outfits. One was wearing red face paint and horns to accompany the costume, one blue, and one purple. They introduced themselves as Mike (Purple), Sean (Red), and Bruce (blue). They were all 6-fot-4, Mike had black hair and green eyes, Sean had reddish-brown hair and brown eyes that were tinted red by his colored contact lenses, and Bruce had brown hair and blue eyes.

"You are the hottest woman here," Bruce said. "Do you want to come up to our room and party with us?" 

"Me?" Julie said. "Surely there are younger, hotter girls here you guys would rather be with." 

"No," Mike said. "We all agree that you're the hottest one here. Besides, none of us have ever been with an older woman who can teach us a thing or two." 

Julie, who was a little buzzed from the heavy-handed bartender's drink, blushed before agreeing to go up with them.

Once the guys entered the hotel suite and got into the empty bedroom with Julie they stripped immediately. 

"Wow, you boys moved fast," Julie giggled before she could take off her costume. 

"Take it off! Take it off!" the guys chanted in unison. 

Sexily she peeled the top of the costume down, completely exposing her breasts. Then she reached back, unzipped it and stepped out of it so she was completely naked except for the stockings. 

"Boys, if I'm so hot, why aren't you hard yet?" she asked. "Good thing I'm a witch I'll have to cast a spell."

With that she waved her right index finger in the air like a magic wand and reached down and inserted her left index finger into her pussy before starting the spell.

"Take off your socks, I will not mock, I need to see three cocks as hard as rocks." 

Two seconds later all three guys were fully erect and ready to go.

"I didn't think the spell would work that fast," Julie said while grinning. "With this witch, Rule 1 is we have to use condoms." 

With that Sean slid on a condom, pushed her onto the bed, lifted her legs and thrust into her. He was only six inches long, but thick. She grunted on the first stroke from the thickness but then relaxed. Mike moved up to her face and put his cock in front of her mouth and she slid he lips down over the top 4-5 inches of his foot-long cock.

"What about me?" Bruce asked. 

She waved a hand over and Bruce moved over and put his cock in it as she started to stroke him. 

She had Sean stop for a minute and rolled onto her stomach while having Mike get on his knees in front of her. In this position she was able to lower her head down onto more of Mike's cock. She used her free hand to stroke the base and feed it into her mouth. A minute later she had taken the entire length and the tip was hitting the back of her throat. 

"My god," Mike groaned as he put his hands in her hair. "You're the first woman to be able to take all of it." 

She responded with a moan as she started to bob up and down on it. 

Sean was getting a little more urgent with this thrusts in taking her from behind. Her grip on Bruce's cock had tightened as she stroked it faster. 

She started running her tongue up and down the length of Mike's cock and licked his balls before lowering her mouth over the entire length again. This time her lips formed a tight seal around it as she quickly bobbed up and down on it.

It was only a minute or two more before Sean grabbed her hips, pushing himself deep inside her and groaning as he shot his load. Mike moaned he was on the verge. She looked at Bruce and asked if he was ready and all he could do was nod in response. She took Mike's cock out of her mouth and stroked rapidly. Mike and Bruce came at the same time. She aimed their shots on her face, neck and breasts. 

She looked at them and asked who wanted a turn in her pussy next. Mike said he did and she sucked him back to hardness. He put on a condom and told her to get on her back. She laid back and winced in pain and moaned as Mike entered her slowly. 

"Be gentle, I've never had one this big before and it hurts a little," Julie whimpered.

"Don't worry," Mike said. "I'll be slow and once you get used to the size it will feel great." 

He started to push his way in deeper. 

To stifle her whimpering, she took Bruce's cock into her mouth and started to suck it while she stroked Sean.

"This one in my mouth is the perfect size" she thought to herself. "I wish this was in my pussy instead of horsecock. He'll stretch me out beyond recognition." 

As Mike started to go a little faster and harder, she started wincing in pain.

"I'm sorry, please stop, you're hurting me too much," Julie said. 

"Too bad, I want my turn," Mike said. 

"Mike! Stop it!" Bruce shouted as he took his cock from Julie's mouth. "The lady said enough. Maybe she'll let you have another turn in her mouth, but you're too damn big for her pussy."

"Okay, you're right," Mike said dejectedly. "It's just that her pussy was so tight and so good I didn't want to stop." 

"I'm sorry he hurt you miss," Bruce said. "Let me kiss it and make it better." 

With that Bruce got between her legs and started to slowly lick her pussy. He tasted her wetness and teased her clit with his tongue. Then he slid his tongue between the folds to savor her juices. Then he planted quick kisses on it. 

"My god, he's as good as Kevin, if not better," she thought to herself.

Her moans of pleasure were barely evident as her lips were wrapped around Mike's cock. 

Bruce put on a condom and slowly entered her pussy. 

"Third one's a charm," she thought to herself. 

As he started to slowly pump into Julie he asked what her name was. 

"I feel like you should call me Goldilocks," she said. "The first cock was too small, the second one was too big, but this one is just right." 

They all laughed at her joke. 

She then started sucking and stroking Mike and Sean off faster to finish them off so she could devote all her attention to the perfect cock. Mike shot off in her mouth while Sean added to the load on her chest. 

Now with all her attention on Bruce she reached her arms up, found his shoulders and pulled him down for a passionate, tongue-filled kiss.

"Oh my God, your cock feels so good," she moaned loudly. "You're hitting spots my husband never does." 

All the guys grinned big at that one.

Sean, now hard, had moved up and was taking his turn in her mouth.

In the adjoining bedroom of the suite, Kevin was making out with Nicole while Kara and Brittany were going at it.

With Julie's moaning proclamation, Kevin took his mouth off Nicole's breast and his fingers out of her pussy. 

"I know that voice!" he exclaimed. "I swear that's my wife. Is there any way we can peak into the next room without them seeing us?"

The girls brought him over to a door and he peeked in.

He saw her legs on Bruce's shoulders as he pounded her with a fast, steady stroke while her lips were bobbing up and down on Sean's cock.

"I want to sneak in and surprise her," Kevin said to Nicole. "Do you think you can get me ready?" 

Nicole grinned and got on her knees and proceeded to give Kevin a blowjob. 

Once he was hard and ready, the girls motioned Mike over and whispered to him what was happening. He just grinned and gave Kevin the thumbs up. 

Within seconds Sean was shooting all over her as she was pushing him away. She wanted to devote all her attention to this unknown stud who was taking her to heights of pleasure she'd never been to before. 

"Oh God, please keep going, you feel so good," she moaned. 
