 It's ten minutes to closing and I can feel the E. Coming on much too soon. A sudden flush of warmth. Up my thighs, my cunny. My stomach relaxes like a big snake uncoiling. My breasts seem to swell and tingle. Heat up my neck to my ponytail. I feel my face glow. My eyes dart to Benji and I grin like a little maniac. He's making a double espresso for our last customer. Hope he's our last. Old guy in bike shorts. Kind of cute. Salt and pepper. Got to be over forty. God, am I horny already? Bad little Pussy! I should spank it. I giggle. We only dropped twenty minutes ago. I shouldn't be feeling it until after our shift. In another half an hour. After we close and do clean up for the morning shift. Benji said he'd take me clubbing. Have some fun. I could use some fun. That bastard, Jeff. It wasn't like he was a good boyfriend. But him dumping me?!?! Oh, now it's really coming on. Feeling good. I give Benji another grin. He's got to be feeling it now too.

You see little homegirl Cerise giving you a grin. She must be feeling the E too. You sure are. This is ahead of schedule but what are you going to do? It is what it is. Got to roll with it. Get rid of the customers and try not to totally fuck things up for the morning crew. "Joe," you call out and hand the double shot to the older dude waiting at the counter. He gives you props, very real. No patronizing. Like man to man. Looks you in the eye and thanks you. You like that about a dude. That quiet confidence. Sense of self. Humility born out of strength. You feel yourself getting a little chubby. Good thing for the apron. Dude-Joe's got the whole biking thing going. The tight spandex. Shows you a nice set of muscular buns. Not a bad ass for a daddy. You like daddies. You'd like to tap this daddy. Damn, that E is hitting good, slow and strong like a pounding bass beat. You are definitely getting a chubby. 

You glance over at homegirl Cerise. She's giving you the big wide devil eyes. Oh, she's feeling it too. You're supposed to take her out with you and your bff's tonight. Party. Dance. The boys don't mind a chick around. If she's cool. And Cerise is cool. No judgement. Besides. Be good for her. Help her forget that dick ex, Dick Jeff. You never got what she saw in that pudgy, lameass white motherfucker. And she's a fine little piece. For a chick. If you were into chicks. Which you are not. But, if you were, you could see why someone would want to bend her over. She has natural resources. Low to the ground and curvy. But there's a reason you call her "Coco." She's all her Mex momma on the outside, but her white daddy on the inside. When this dude blows you can close up and hit the streets. But dude turns and heads for a table. Not part of the plan. You see a paperback under his arm: Cities of the Plain. "Cormac," you say. Did you say that outloud? 

He turns. You see a note of interest in his eyes. 

"You a fan," he asks. 

"Blood Meridian's his best," you answer. 

He nods and a smile creases his face, like the flash of the sun through the dawn's clouds. You grin back. You definitely would tap that white ass. 

Joe sits down and takes a sip. Strong, bitter, a complex mix of tobacco notes, burnt ash with a delicate finish. He sighs. Just what he needs at the end of a hard ride. Even in the ever cool of the California night, so different from the balmy nights Back East, he can feel the sweat on his ribs, his thighs, his pits. The goodlooking black kid at the counter surprised him. Cormac. It always pleased him to find an unexpected bond with strangers. A connection; like where you least expect it in life you find a fellow sojourner. A friend in the night. Speaking of friends in the night. The little Latina cleaning out the pastry case is mighty easy on the eyes. Or could be Italian. Hard to tell. Back in New York he would have assumed Italian. L.A...you assume Latina. But beauty is beauty. It doesn't matter what race, what country...a beautiful woman is a beautiful woman. And this one...glossy black hair, smooth olive skin, full lips, shining eyes. And what's really making a difference in his bike shorts: the firm, ripe titties and that full, round ass curving out from her waist. She can't be more than twenty...twenty-two. Maybe that is really all of it right there. They all look good at twenty-two. Youth adds a couple of points to any woman. And everytime she says something to the black kid her voice hits that feminine register, like a little song bird. A plump breasted song bird, he thinks. She looks up at him and locks eyes, eyes that seem to burn from inside. He smiles and nods and takes another sip. And it is good.

I see Benji start wiping down the steam wand, but he's giving the old dude the eye. He begins to stroke the nozzle with his cloth like it's a little cock and grins at me, then tilts his head towards the dude. "We've got to close out," I tell him, in a low voice. "I don't know how much longer I can keep it together, Benji Bro." I can feel the high radiating out of me. He smiles at me. His teeth glowing against his warm brown skin. It's starting to hurt my eyes. 

"Ait, Coco," he says. Then he leans over the counter and calls out to the old dude. "Excuse me, Joe?" The old dude looks up from some book he's got. "You don't mind if we start closing up? You're more than welcome to stay as long as you want." He gives the guy a big smile. 

I get up close behind him by his ear. "Benji, you little slut!," I hiss. He turns and grins, palms up, all innocent-like. "You know perfectly well what," I respond. To what I heard him say in my head. "You want to jump that poor guy's bones!" 

Benji shrugs, still grinning. I look over at the guy. He looks so alone there. Seems like a nice guy. Buried in his book. His forearms are muscular and covered with dark hair. His hands look strong. Uh, I see a wedding ring. But I'm thinking about those hands on me, running down my body, over my breasts, down the curve of my belly, over my hips. I am definitely getting a little wet. The ex-boyfriend always said I was a wet blanket. Like whenever I wasn't into something he was into. Like a threesome with Rebeccah. Like if I wanted to muffdive, I wouldn't have been with a guy, right? But I'm not stupid. I knew he just wanted to get in her panties. At least I didn't have to eat her pussy before he dumped me for her anyway. The dumb blonde skank. They deserve each other. Fuck it. We'll see who's a wet blanket. I'll just find which team the old dude pitches for. One of us may get lucky tonight. Me or Benji. I am calling his fucking bluff.

"I'm going to go ask the old dude if he wants to suck your cock," I say sweetly to Benji. 

"Yeah, right," Benji responds.

He doesn't think I'll do it. We'll see, I think to myself. I walk around the counter. My heart is pounding. But I'm feeling really alive and I just don't fucking care. I stop in front of the dude's table looking down at him. He is reading his book. There is a beat. He notices me and looks up. 

"Excuse me, sir?" The guy smiles politely, expectantly. Honoring the barista-customer relationship. The etiquette of the coffee house: all good manners and courtesy. Which I am about to shatter. "My co-worker, Benji, over there has a crush on you." I smile and wrinkle my nose apologetically.

It's as if the whole world has stopped. The only sound is the retro Marvin Gaye playing on the sound system.

The old dude looks at me, blankly. Then at Benji. Who is standing frozen, his cleaning cloth hanging as limply from his hand as his cock must be now. Mortified.

The old dude looks back to me.

"What does that mean?" he asks good-naturedly. "Does he want to go on a date?"

"Uh...no...he," I stammer. "He...he wants to...uh...to get his..."

The old dude looks into my eyes and in an easy conversational tone asks, "...get his cock sucked?"

I must be blushing fifty shades of red. "I...guess," I manage to get out.

"Ask him," he says, locking me eyes with his blue-gray stare. 

"Benji," I call. A little softly. It's like things are getting away from me. "He..."

"Joe," he prompts.

"Joe...wants to know if...if you want your cock sucked," I finish.

Benji stares at us. Dumbfounded. He nods mutely.

"You going to watch?" Joe asks me. 

My mouth has gone dry. I nod. My heart doing doubletime.

"Okay then," he says. He closes his book, putting his book mark in to keep his place , smiles at me and gets up. He takes my hand gently but firmly and leads me back around the counter.

You watch this guy Joe leading Cerise around the counter. Cerise looks like she's going to the principal's office to get her butt whacked. What has she gotten us into? You wonder if this is going to turn out like some wet dream or a nightmare. Like maybe this Joe is a narc sent from corporate and he's about to bust both your ass. You're all staring at each other. Like some Clint Eastwood Mexican standoff. You look into the guy's eyes. Blue-gray like a wolf, you think. You see he's got a five o'clock shadow going. Looks butch. You like that.

"Well?," he asks you. "Let's see what you've got."

"I...look, I don't want to lose my job or anything," you stammer. This is all too crazy. But your cock thinks otherwise, as it pushes down your pants leg.

"What?" he asks. "You think I'm like a cop or something?' 

He takes Cerise's hand and presses it to the hard on you see pressing against his bike shorts. Little Cerise's eyes go wide. Yes, that's the real thing.

That answers your question. Like in a dream you fumble at your apron, pulling it to one side. You get your zipper down, watching the dude the whole time. You reach in and lever out your meat. It pops out. All eyes are on your prize. Seven inches of tall, thin prime meat. Man-raper is what you call him. Cerise's eyes widen even more. She's got one hand on Joe's Johnson and her eyes on your meat. She must be in little pig heaven, you think. Joe looks back up to your eyes.

"Nice package," he says. 

You notice his breathing. It's changed. So has yours. And your cock is standing at full attention. The head just peeking out your foreskin, and already there's a clear tear of fluid leaking out. 

"Thanks," is all you can manage.

You watch as he slowly reaches out, his hand closing the distance to your cock. And then his hand's around your cock and he squeezes. And it feels so good. Someone moans. You realize it's Cerise. And you. His fist slides your skin down the hard core of your shaft, and your cockhead pops out of its sheath, all wet and dark and shiny. He grunts in appreciation and starts to slowly jack your cock in his fist. Pre-cum oozes out and runs down over his fingers. 

He turns to Cerise, who's still standing there wide eyed with her hand on his cock. Glances down at the name tag on her apron.

"Cerise honey, you better lock up and turn off the lights," Joe says.

Cerise nods dumbly. She's breathing through her mouth. She slowly takes her hand off Joe's erection and heads to the front door.

Joe lets go of Benji's cock and quickly pulls his own bike shorts down to his ankles. His erection springs free. His is a respectable six inches with a flared, red mushroom head, poking straight out from smooth-shaven pubes.

Joe drops to his knees, grips the base of Benji's dark, black cock and takes it into his mouth. He tastes the salty pre-cum and can't help but close his eyes and moan in appreciation. He runs his tongue under the sensitive head, feeling then playing the frenum with his tongue. He hears Benji moan. It turns him on to know the kid is enjoying it. Such a nice piece of meat. He slides his lips further down the shaft, wetting it with his spit, then bobs up and down a few times to more moans. 

Joe opens his eyes and looks up. Benji has his hands behind him bracing himself against the counter, his eyes closed and his head thrown back. His face a mask of pleasure. Joe smells Benji's cologne and something else. Something sweet and ferny. He glances to the side. Cerise is back. She's standing next to him, her crotch at face level. It's covered with long, fine black hairs against her smooth olive skin. He knows because she has her black pants and a little blue thong down around her knees and she has two fingers worrying her swollen clit at a tense, nervous pace. The way she must work herself when she's alone in her bed at night with nobody watching. He feels like he's watching something private, something real, and it's beautiful. He glances up as he continues to work Benji's shaft with his lips. Cerise is breathing hard, her pretty brown eyes glazed, mesmerized by the sight of him swallowing Benji's big black snake. Like they used to say a snake could hypnotize a bird, with its rhythmic swaying. She's holding her apron to one side with one hand and her firm breasts are shaking a little with her insistent motion. Her pussy lips are open and wet with her juices. He can smell her sex scent and his mouth floods with saliva, anticipating the sweet meal. 

Joe reaches down and begins to work his own shaft with his free hand. He begins to work his mouth further down Benji's veiny shaft, inch by inch, until he involuntarily gags. He tries again, but he can't quite get all of it in. He hears Cerise's breathing quicken.

I'm standing here with my pants around my knees, rubbing my little clit for all I'm worth, and I'm so close. It is so hot. Watching two guys having sex, like my own private porn show. Benji's got this long, thin cock, like really long. But it's uncircumcised. And I don't know how I feel about that. It's a little oogie. Maybe. I don't know. None of my boyfriends were uncircumcised. Guess I'm just not used to it. But this guy Joe doesn't seem to mind. He's on his knees beating his meat while he's sucking on Benji's dick like it's a lifeline or something. And they're making noises, like sex noises. Wet noises and moans. And I'm like standing right next to them. And, like I said, the dude's beating his own meat and that's also something that turns me on. Watching a guy beat his own meat. Like when a guy stands over me and his fist is pumping up and down his rod and then he gets that funny look on his face like he's surprised by what's about to happen next, like he hasn't done it himself a jillion times before, just before the thick ropes shoot out all hot and goopy on my face. And I love the cum in my mouth. I'd rather a guy shoot in my mouth than in my pussy. I mean, wait till I cum first, of course, but then give me the goods. And the guy's cock is beautiful. It's smaller than Benji's but thicker and the head, so big and round, makes me salivate. I want it in my mouth. And I want him to cum in my mouth. And I can feel it. I'm about to cum...

And then...I must have closed my eyes. Because I look down and the guy Joe has stopped blowing Benji and he's grabbed my hands and taken them from my clit. Bastard! I'm so close! He looks up into my eyes, and says, "hold your pussy open." I'm gasping like a fish gasping out of water. I was so close.. He places my fingers on my pussy lips. I pull myself open for him, like an offering, flattening my little lips out to the sides with my fingers. His strong hands grip my buns tight and his tongue snakes between my lips. Oohh! He runs it up my dripping slit and over my swollen clit. I see stars. Again. And again. He slides a finger deep up my pussy and then hooks it and pushes forward. And my knees start to shake. And then he pulls his finger out and turns me around. And I'm like, No! Finish me! Make me cum! I want to cum. But now he's pushing me face down against the drive-thru window counter. I'm staring out at the dark driveway and a streetlight out at the intersection past the hedges. And my heart's pounding. And the traffic light is red. And his hands part my asscheeks. Oh, where are we going with this? My ass is open to him. And I suddenly feel so exposed. Like I hope I wiped good this morning. I don't want him to think I'm dirty and gross. God, I hope I wiped good. I don't want to smell like shit or something. Then I feel his tongue touch my clit again, and his nose poke in my slit. He runs his tongue now from my clit all the way up my slit and up and up and he flattens it out and runs it up over my little asshole all the way to the top of my ass cleft. And man does that feel good! This is territory no other boyfriend has gone! And he does it again and again and I start to melt into the counter. And I sigh and everything relaxes. It feels so good to feel his tongue lapping at me. Like squishy and loving and like no matter what I do or how I look I'm okay and he thinks I'm hot and attractive. 

Then he stops lapping. His tongue finds my backhole and starts teasing it, running the tip of his tongue around the rim. Mmmm. It feels so wanton and yummy. I start wiggling it feels so nice. Then I feel the point of his tongue; it's gently poking at my little hole. And I feel myself just relaxing back there. Like a part of me is just letting go. And then his tongue is working its way up inside me and this is definitely something new! I mean there was this guy, a boyfriend, Ray. He used to stick his finger up my butt when we were fucking. It felt kind of good. He'd usually wait until we were really going at it. So a lot of the time my juices would already be dripping down my crack by that time. And I'd be like, we're fucking and it's feeling real good so I don't care where he sticks his finger. Sometimes it just felt weird. Like I was at the doctor's office or something. But sometimes when I'd cum the finger up my ass would make it feel even better. I tried putting my finger up my own butt while I was playing with myself in bed one night. When I came it was really good and I could feel my butt squeezing on my finger with each pulse of my clit. I didn't do it again though, 'cause it I felt kind of weird about sticking my finger up my own ass all by myself. But this is different. Like major different. Like I'm melting inside and my pussy is dripping from Joe's tongue up my asshole. 

"Oh, Joe," I murmur. "That feels so hot."

I can feel him smile. I don't know how. But I know it makes him happy that I'm loving that sexy tongue of his up my ass. He could keep me bent over like this all night for all I care. This is fucking great. He rubs his thumb up and down my gushy slit then slowly slides it up my pussy. I let out a great big sigh then. I' starting to move around on the counter now as his thumb pushes in and out of my pussy and his tongue pushes in and out of my ass.

If my asshole ex-boyfriend had treated my little asshole like this guy's tongue is, I would have given it up to him long ago! I feel...I feel...wanton. Sounds corny. So old school. But having Joe's tongue worming and pushing deep up my ass makes me feel nasty and dirty and sexy and out of control and I love every fucking minute of this. I want to live in this now. Bent over the counter, my pants around my ankles and some sexy stranger's tongue fucking my asshole. His thumb is up my pussy pushing down and out and it's driving me crazy, like he's rubbing on some secret spot I didn't know about. And I can tell something is about to happen, just around the bend. The train is coming. Now he cups my pussy with my clit between his ring and middle finger. Gently squeezing and jerking me. My face feels hot against the cool metal of the counter. I mash my breasts against it, so hard against my hard nipples . My legs start to tremble. Oh, it's coming. I'm cumming. I feel myself opening. I want him so deep inside. My nipples are aching. And it hits, quick and sharp. All black and stars. I open my eyes. I've left a little puddle of drool on the counter.

You're pumping your big, old cock as you watch babygirl croon some kind of song as she shudders all bent over the counter like a little hussy. Shit. She's a little horndog, ain't she. Got a guy all up her, eating out her ass and she's in little pig heaven. And she's cumming right in his face. And you're watching Joe's cute buns as he squats behind little Cerise. They're heavy and white and muscular but almost hairless. The hair starts at his thighs and is thick and dark and curly and runs down his legs like fur. You got to get you some of that ass.
