 Kelly climbed the stairs on the long, yellow school bus, holding her tray of squirt bottles filled with cold water, anticipating what was to come in just a few minutes. She looked down the twenty rows of benches and at all the varsity football players, now looking at her expectantly.

Kelly wasn't exactly what you would call a "good girl". Not by a long shot. At 18, she was 115 lbs, 5'3", brown haired and green eyed. All the other girls hated her for the same reason they hated most girls who were beautiful. Kelly could eat anything she wanted and not gain an ounce. She was intelligent, and had a good head on her shoulders. She just liked sex. Loved it, in fact. She'd done just about everything you could do at sex, and fucked probably half the male high school population. But only one at a time. However, lately, she just hadn't been able to get off like she used to. It used to be that all it took was a big dick shoved deep inside her to send her off to another world. Now it made her yawn. So she decided that since this was her last year of high school and she was moving to Atlanta in a week with her mom and her "new opportunity", she was going to take that one step she'd never had the courage to do before. 

So as she walked down the aisle, passing out water bottles, she didn't fuss, or slap any hands away when they crept up her leg or pinched her ass. Instead, she kept walking down the aisle, doing just what she looked like she was doing. Passing out bottles. However, about half-way down the bus, she ran out.

"Oh dear, guys, I ran out of squeeze bottles. Now what will you squeeze? Any ideas?" The idea of being a total and complete slut to these thirty-odd muscular studs was almost overwhelming. So when the first hand actually went up her cheerleading skirt, she felt that familiar tingle between her legs, and the first bead of moisture started to collect.

"I have an idea, Kelly." It was Jose, the wide receiver. At 6'4" and 180, he was quite a large guy. And with his hispanic/white background, he had the exotic good looks that attracted all the girls. He held on to her ass and squeezed it gently, first cupping one cheek, the moving on to the other.

Kelly looked down at him, her eyes starting to glaze over with lust. Jose recognized that look, having fucked her on several occasions, and hooked his thumb on the waistband of her bloomers. When he didn't get any objections, he raised his other hand up, and hooked it too, tugging them down around her ankles. 

The other guys were stunned. Here they were, less than two hours from kick-off, and Kelly, the slut cheerleader, was letting a player pull her pants down on the bus. Even Jose didn't seem to know what to do. But another player across the aisle from him, broke the silence. "Wow" was all he said, then moved his hand up her leg from her calf, all the way up to the top of her thigh, brushing the tightly trimmed pubic hairs with his index finger, producing shudders from Kelly. 

That ended the stun on the guys. All at once, Kelly had hands all over her. Jose was unzipping her skirt, while she stepped out of her bloomers. Another guy was unzipping her top, while she raised her arms for her bra to be pulled off. Then she was naked. 

There were hands groping every part of her. Her ass, her breasts, which were pleasantly plump, with small nipples that stuck out very far when she was cold or horny, her stomach, her pussy, her legs, her arms. She was being french kissed by one guy while two or more were fingering her pussy.

Kelly almost panicked, not knowing if this was really what she wanted to do, but then she realized that there was no way to stop it now, so she might as well enjoy it.

She heard the first rustling of clothing other than her own right before she was bent over. Then she felt the head of the first dick as it explored her love hole. It was so slippery, he almost pushed it in by accident. Kelly was dripping wet!! She hadn't ever been this wet before, no matter how horny she'd been. She could feel her juice as it slowly rolled down her legs. Then he slipped it in, whoever "he" was. It went all the way in on the first push, up to the hilt. She felt his balls slap against her clit, which was already aroused, its rosy head peeking out from its hood. She moaned loudly, savoring the feel of a hard dick shoved deep inside her. And while her mouth was open, another dick was placed in it.

Now she had two dicks in her, while half a dozen or so other players groped and fondled her body. Her breast were squeezed and nipples pinched. She was quivering with sensation, every nerve ending being overrun with electrical contact. The sheer "sluttiness" about the whole situation was just as much a turn on the the dozens of hands roaming her body and the two dicks penetrating it. 

She sucked hard on the second guy's dick while the first one found a rythm, sliding in and out or her with powerful strokes, which provided her with the in and out motion for her blow job.

Another player, meanwhile, had crawled underneath her with his head near her pussy and he reached up with his mouth to suck on her clit, not caring whether or not he touched the other guy's dick, so long as he got to lick her pussy.

Kelly discovered she didn't have to hold herself up so she reached out with both hands and found a pair of waving dicks waiting for her administrations. Now she had two dicks in her, and two dicks in her hands. It was more than she could take, as the first wave of what turned out to be the best orgasm of her life built up, then released in a knee buckling, spine melting climax, that nearly made her clamp down on the dick in her mouth. And the power of her orgasm tightened down on the cock in her pussy, and she felt him come, pumping what felt like a gallon of jism into her steaming snatch. It filled her up, then leaked out around the sides of his dick, unceremoniously dripping onto the mouth of the guy underneath her. He didn't seem to notice as he kept on licking her, jacking off at the same time. 

She noticed that all the guys who weren't fucking her or being sucked (that she could see) were jacking off. She imagined all these dicks spewing come all over her and that made her come again, this time at the same moment as guy number two, who began bucking in her mouth, as streams of hot, white fluid shot down her throat. She tried to swallow it all, but she couldn't keep up, so some of it leaked out of her mouth and onto the dick of the guy underneath her. "Poor guy", she thought, "he's never gonna hear the end of this." 

The dick in her pussy was immediatly replaced by another, this one not quite as long, but thicker, and he began pumping away without delay, falling quickly into a rythm, his balls slapping against her clit, since the guy underneath her apparently decided he had had enough. He was jacking off on the floor of the bus, staring at the sight above him. 

Kelly rested her mouth for a moment, then opened it up for the next recipient for a blow job. Her moans were stifled as a dick gladly replace the last one. She felt something light hitting her on her back, and she stopped a hand job to reach up and see what it was. It came back wet with come. Guys were starting to come all over her, just like she imagined. She realized she had lubrication for her hand jobs, so she reached up gather what she could, then returned to her work. 

The guy in her pussy didn't last very long, and came quickly. This time, instead of just being replaced, she felt the guy underneath her move out of the way for another, who was facing the same direction as her. She was lowered down on him, and impaled herself on his cock. This time, she provided the momemtum as she rocked back and forth on his rod, feeling him go as deep as he could. After a minute of this, he made her stop, as another guy kneeled behind, her, his pole poking at the entrance to her behind. She was going to get it in all three holes, she thought!!

The guy at her ass lubed up by prodding around the dick of the other guy in her pussy, then began pushing slowly into her anus. Kelly made herself relax, in order for it not to hurt, and instead concentrated on giving the best blow job she could. When his head finally popped into her, she gasped around the dick in her mouth. Both guys waited for her to stretch around their combined cocks, then slowly began to fuck her, the one on bottom pushing up while the one on top pulled out, sawing back and forth, driving Kelly crazy. She had to try as hard as she could to remember to suck this guy's dick, the physical sensations pushing her relentlessly towards another orgasm. She felt another splash of come hit her back and neck, and another was aimed at her face, hitting her forehead and cheek.

For several minutes, she fucked these three guys, till the one in her mouth came, once again filling her mouth with a string of pearls. This time, two dicks were competing for a hummer, so she took turns, trying to be fair.

Her ass was really getting a rimming, while her pussy was on fire. This was just what she had imagined, and she was enjoying every second of it. For the next twenty minutes, Kelly was fucked in all three holes, the football players taking turns pushing their cocks into one hole or the other, till it was almost time to go. 

Reluctantly, Kelly had to stop the fun and try to get dressed, her body literally covered in come. Strings of hair were matted to her face, and her pussy made a squishing noise as she climbed down from the bus, still leaking fluid. 

Students around the bus were looking at her incredulously as she walked to her car, somehow knowing what had happened already. Guys whistled as she passed them, and girls gave her evil glares. Though some of them had a certain curious light in their eyes...