 A note to readers: This is a long story that unfolds chapter by chapter through the eyes of two protagonists -- Mark and Elsa, and as in many of my other stories involves a growing spate of horny characters. Every ten chapters or so I will provide a short summary at the start of that episode to bring new readers up to date (see below).  This story could appear in a number of genres (Loving Wives, Incest, Lesbian, Fetish, and more) depending on the chapter, but the overall theme is Group, so I have applied this moniker to all chapters. The story is still being written, yet I intend to post a new chapter every couple of days. Enjoy.

*

Synopsis of Story to This Point. Elsa Conner and billionaire Mark Worthington meet at a party, only he hides his true worth and identity from her in fear this nice girl might be another gold digger trying to get into his wealth. They date, but when the truth is discovered Elsa breaks up with him in anger over his lack of trust in her. In love, he grovels his way back into her good graces only she sets a condition of reestablishing the relationship as the equal involvement of her sister Cindy. The trio fall deeper in love. There are some awkward moments where Elsa and Cindy work out how they'll date their new boyfriend and whether to be exclusive. To test their relationship, they meet and enjoy a sexual evening with Tom on a weekend vacation. Later, Mark's cute new secretary Melanie gets added to the relationship. After holding off to assert their independence, Elsa and Cindy move in with Mark; Melanie soon joins them in living in Mark's posh condo. They all learn more about the ever-present bodyguards and security guards around Mark managed by stoic Lucas.

Mark's long time aide Sheila eventually joins the sisterhood. He established an office dress code for Melanie and Sheila -- no undies. Several parties are held that devolve into happy sexual events among friends. There's a kidnap attempt on Mark that gets foiled. Mark meets Brita, a Danish woman he strongly resonates with. The four girls pick-up Ryan, Deke, Mike, and James at a club, and establish group-to-group fuck buddy relationships with them. Ryan introduces 'The Experience' -- an intense A-spot orgasm -- to the women; Mark learns and applies the technique on Brita and later to others. Cindy and Elsa get deeper into martial arts and handgun training motivated by the kidnap attempt on Mark. They get a chance to use their martial arts in a club one evening when dealing with some drunken men. 

Mark arrives home from a trip to find a full-scale orgy underway that Elsa, Cindy, Melanie, and Sheila have orchestrated with the men they picked up at a club. One of the men Deke is their firearms instructor. Mark happily joins in the party. The girls hold a swing party and one of the guests brings KC -- a talented artist, who Mark and the girls fall in love with, and who loves the group and its sexy lifestyle. Tom joins in, especially now that he has agreed to work for Worthington Industries. A vacation to a Mexican villa is planne; Brita, KC, and others join in the fun and sex at the villa. KC and Brita receive love rings like the others have. Elsa and Cindy seduce Lucas -- Mark's bodyguard. Marcia, the other key bodyguard, prepared to seduce Mark. The girls keep up their instruction in urban survival and weapons training.

Returning from Mexico, the rest of the circle of friends join the Mile High Club in Mark's large custom 737 aircraft. Back at work, Elsa and co-worker Sean are sent to Las Vegas to iron out problems getting a condominium project approved by the city. While there Elsa does a fabulous strip tease. She also counsels Sean about breaking out of his life's unsatisfactory rut, and bringing his wife Pam along on the new journey. Pam comes to Vegas and the fun starts as she gets in the spirit of change. Sean and Pam eventually come and enjoy one of the sex parties Mark, Elsa, and the others conduct. At work, Mark has Melanie present some improvement ideas to one of his businesses with great success. Mark and KC take a romantic trip to Europe. Eventually, Sean and Elsa's boss at the architectural company leans of their new sexual relationship; Greg asks that he and his wife Kim be included.

A pipe bomb is discovered attached to Mark's limousine, but turns out to be a hoax. Several other incidents happen including a drone watching at a sex party and a gross package of a dead rat and five mice delivered at a restaurant. Mark and the girls are being stalked and threatened. Cindy and Elsa continue to take martial arts and weapons training, expanding to include defensive driving and awareness about bombs.

Mark and the sisters form a sexual relationship with Greg and Sean, architects where she works, and their wives Kim and Pam. The women are given The Experience by Mark and predictably fall in love with him. Some planning work goes into a new house outside the city and land is purchased. Summer sex parties are held on the land by the river passing through. The stalker strikes again several times, his attacks falling on Mark, Elsa, KC, Melanie, and Sheila, but Elsa and Cindy eventually catch him. Mark is furious at Elsa and Cindy for putting themselves in harm's way to catch the stalker, Myron Tanner; he punishes them. They also meet Troy and Dan in a club and have an erotic one-night stand with them. The girls also start flying lessons.

