 I open the door to our shared apartment, thankful to finally be home after a long day of work. I can't wait to just have a relaxed evening with you, cuddling on the couch and telling you about the crap that my boss told me today.

"Hey Katherine, I am home!" I call out for you, but there is no response. I don't think too much of it and continue to take off my coat and kick my shoes off. I take a look at my phone to see if I got any new messages while I make my way towards the kitchen because I am thirsty, when I suddenly realize I hear weird noises coming from the bedroom at the end of the hall.

I am a little confused at first, wondering if you are sick or in pain in bed, but quickly I realize that it is definitely more of a pleasurable moaning rather than a painful one. I giggle to myself and wonder what caused the masturbation, a part of my mind even considering if you wanted me to catch you and help you out. While we aren't in a committed relationship, we had played with each other quite a bit recently and so it wouldn't be too shocking if that was your whole plan.

Before I make my way to the bedroom, I still get some water at first and consider how I should do this. Should I undress and bust in? Should I just let you be in peace in and masturbate?

I decide to take a closer look, wondering if you would even notice me coming in if I was quiet. By now, I have taken some clothes off and am left in a tight little tanktop and my black thong. I was hoping for some action after work all day and so I wore the thong just for you, knowing it was your favorite.

Since I don't want to give you a heart attack, I quietly open the door and peek in and instantly get a huge shock! In your bed, I don't just see you, but also see the toned body of a guy. My heart is pounding right now, both from the shock and the jealousy, but I can't turn away either. My eyes are glued to the scene that is happening in front of me.

I don't recognize the guy but I can't help but admire his body. He must be very tall too, since he completely covers you under him. He is unmistakingly deep inside of your pussy, your moans filling the room loudly now, while he is very quietly grunting along. How did I not hear his groans before?

Suddenly, the guy looks up at me, which makes me freeze in even more shock. He grins at me, as he keeps pounding my little Katherine. As much as I want to hate him and as jealous as I am, I can't leave the room and I can't escape his cocky grin.

Katherine must have her eyes closed, not seeing where he is looking so she is unaware of me being there. His beautiful eyes are still focused completely on me, staring at me in this confident manner, when he suddenly speaks to Katherine, still never breaking his eye contact with me:

"Tell me how much you love my cock, you little slut" - I gasp! Katherine doesn't like being called names at all! I tried it a few times with her, but she always disliked it and made me stop doing it. And now this stranger gets to call her a slut? How dare he! But before my thoughts can even finish, I hear her reply to him:

"God, baby, I love this cock so much. It is so fucking huge. It reaches me in places I have never even reached before. I need this cock. Please keep pounding me baby. Make me your slut." - I can't believe what I am hearing. My heart is pounding even harder, my jealousy reaching new heights and my shock must be clearly visible on my face, as the guy's grin becomes even cockier and bigger while he stares directly into my eyes.

Suddenly, my phone rings and I hear Katherine squeak and look in my direction. I flush in shame, now suddenly I went from catching them to being caught myself. I also realize that I must have taken a step or two further into the room instead of standing right at the door like I thought I did. Now both of them know that I had been watching for more than a moment.

Katherine's face clearly shows that she is mad at me for not respecting her privacy and she starts to raise her voice at me and asks me what the fuck I am doing here, but the guy stops her with a simple "shhhh". I am still just standing there, unable to look away, unable to leave, like a dark spell keeps me there. The guy leans down and whispers into Katherine's ear, in a way that I cannot understand what is being said. I see Katherine's eyes go wide and she looks at him in surprise, then at me in shock. This time her voice isn't raised:

"How long have you been standing there, be honest Sue!"

"Ummmm... A couple of minutes maybe?" I say with the tiniest voice I have ever heard come out of my mouth, not even sure myself how long it has been.

"Andrew tells me that you have been watching us and he thinks you have enjoyed what you saw."

I flush harder, my brain keeps telling me to just escape the room, but my body keeps standing there, like a deer caught in the headlights. I realize that he must still be inside of her, although their bodies are now still and not moving anymore. My voice completely betrays me now, so all I can do is nod my head softly.

This time Andrew speaks: "Wow, you were right Katherine. Sue really is a bigger whore than you."

My mouth falls open now, my cheeks burning and my heart pounding out of my chest. What did he just say? What did Katherine say about me? I feel my head spinning, the emotions becoming almost too much, between jealousy, hurt, shame and sadly arousal. Before I can react, Katherine speaks again:

"I told you, baby. She is wrapped around my finger. If she enjoys the show this much, then we should stop caring about her being here. Come on babe, give me that cock of yours again."

Without hesitation, Andrew starts pounding her again, as I still go through my emotional rollercoaster, unable to say or do anything. My eyes are still fixated on them, as their moans start to fill the room again. Over and over his cock goes into her and I realize his eyes are back on her now, as if they had forgotten I was even there.

After a few minutes of just watching them fuck, I feel his eyes back on me and I look at him again.

"Why don't you come closer, Sue. You will have a better view from here."

Again, my mouth opens. Why am I still in this room? Why can't I just leave and forget about this? But both my brain and my body knows that I can't. As much as I want to ignore my body, I can feel my pussy pulsating and my whole body is a tingly mess. Even despite the hurt of their words and the jealousy, I find myself walking closer towards the bed slower.

I feel like a schoolgirl that was caught by her teacher, now just standing in front of his desk waiting for a punishment. I feel awkward just standing there in front of them and Andrew must notice that feeling in me, again staring at me and seemingly just reading me like an open book, knowing all my deepest secrets.

He notices my awkwardness and so while he continues to fuck her, I feel his hand on my shoulder, pushing me down with a good grip. I fall to my knees, unable to say no to him, realizing that I wasn't just wrapped around Katherine's finger but apparently his too now.

My head is now right at the height of the bed, getting the best view of their act. I am fixated at his cock and her pussy now, as if I was hypnotized by the steady and fast in and out.

A few minutes later, I can sense that their moans are getting louder and that their orgasms are closer now. I can feel it build up in her and I know that soon he will cum. I wonder if he will cum inside her, noticing that he is not wearing a condom or if he will pull out and cum on her body or into her mouth.

I don't have to wait long for an answer, as I can hear her orgasm begin with loud shrieks and then he collapses on top of her, filling her pussy with his cum, deep inside her. Suddenly it feels like all the energy is emptying from the room and my senses start to work a little better again.

For a few moments, I strongly consider getting up and escaping the room again, but then I realize that my hand has inexplicably found its way between my legs, as I knelt in front of their bed. Andrew grins at me, as he must have noticed me touching myself way before I did myself.

He pulls out of her and sits up at the edge of the bed, now closer to me and for the first time I get a look at his cock exposed from her pussy. I gasp again. That thing must be at least 9 inches long and it is incredibly thick. What makes it an even hotter image is that I can see part of his own cum sticking against his cock, mixing with her juices.

I hear him speak again: "Ok whore, here is the thing. You have two choices now. You can either get up and leave this room. Or you can realize that this is what you are good for and you can clean my cock from my own cum, as well as your little friend's cum."

I just stare at him, barely believing what I just heard. I can't move, so all I do is kneel and wait. My heart still pounding and my brain unable to keep up with all the emotions.

He takes my unability to get up and leave as a sign that I am staying, so he pulls me a little closer by my hair and urges me to open my mouth. Without hesitation I do and a second later his cock fills my mouth completely. I barely get half of it inside of me before I start to gag around his cock and he pulls back a little. My tongue goes around his cock and tastes the magnificent mix of cum on it, moaning around him.

He makes sure that I get all the cum off of it and tests me a few more times deeper inside my mouth, which results in more gagging and slowly makes my eyes tear up. I realize that Katherine is watching us and I can't help but feel hurt again at the betrayal, but my pussy is still throbbing and so part of me feels lucky to be in this situation too.

He pulls his cock out suddenly, making me realize how much I wanted it to be in there, as now my mouth suddenly feels empty without it. I feel his hand in my hair though and he drags me up into the bed and speaks to me again.

"Now, as much as cleaning my cock was already a true act of a whore, your job is not done yet. What you are about to do will truly show you your place. Now you will start to do what you came home for today. You wanted to get into bed with your cute little roommate again and have some fun with her. Well, now you can do just that. The only difference is that now the pussy that you are about to lick is filled with my cum."

I moan and gasp at the same time and for a second I feel like I might achieve an orgasm just from all the emotions that I am going through. I don't hesitate for long, especially after I see Katherine's face light up at the prospect of me licking his cum out of her.

Normally I might use some foreplay and make sure to tease her with my tongue a bit, but this time I am just hungry for his cum and so my tongue instantly goes inside her and tries to go as deep as I can, knowing his cum will still be deeper inside her. I lick and lick and hearing her moans makes me even more desperate.

His cum tastes delicious again, mixed with her juices and I can feel that she is really turned on by this again. Now my goal is not just to get all of his cum, but also to make her cum again like he just did.

Behind me, I can feel Andrew near me and suddenly I feel his hands on my thong. For a second I think about stopping and telling him no, but I am too deep into this to stop him. I just continue to suck and lick her pussy, as I feel him suddenly rip my thong off me. I yelp a little in surprise and slight pain, but instantly go back to her pussy.

He feels my pussy with his hand, making me moan against her pussy. I must be really really wet and he makes sure to get all of my wetness from my pussy. With a huge shock, I realize that now his wet finger is starting to rub against my ass. This time, I do stop licking her and want to complain and stop him. Fucking my ass would be too far. But before I can say anything, Katherine grabs my face and pushes me back into her pussy, making me unable to speak and after a few seconds, I start to lick her again.

Andrew pushes his fingers inside my ass now, making it harder for me to lick Katherine. He adds a third finger soon and my ass is starting to be stretched out. I moan and gasp around her pussy, but try to keep licking her, as I want her to cum again from my tongue.

Suddenly his fingers are gone and now his enormous dick is pushing against my asshole, making me catch my breath and wondering how in the world he is hard already again. He pushes inside me deeper and deeper, while I continue to try and lick Katherine, but it is getting harder and harder.

Eventually, his entire cock is inside me and he starts to fuck my ass. My attention to her pussy is getting less and less, but she pushes me into her with her hand in my hair, so she still gets some pleasure thankfully. Just like this, we continue for a while and I feel completely helpless, my head held against her wet pussy and my ass being fucked by a huge cock.

Finally I can sense that both her and him are getting closer and I get ready to feel his cum in my ass and her juices in my mouth. With loud groans, both of them cum at the same time, causing me to orgasm along with them.

We all collapse and I am finally free again. My mouth filled with the taste of sex, my ass stretched and filled with his cum and I realize that they were right. I am a whore. A whore for them. Wrapped around their fingers. But it was a hell of a ride and an amazing experience. And with that realization I can suddenly be a little more daring and so after a few moments, I say in an exhausted manner:

"Can someone...please...fuck my pussy now."