 (Panama City & New Orleans)

We awoke very early since we had a long drive to Panama City and wanted to arrive early enough to scope out any possible action before it got too late. We drove straight through, only stopping for gas, as Cory prepared sandwiches for lunch and took the wheel when I went back to eat. We pulled into the RV Area about 5 pm and got settled in our parking spot very soon thereafter. We showered and got dressed and just as we were about to go outside, there was a knock on the door. I opened it to find a very good looking blonde guy smiling up at me as he mentioned that he was parked across the way and had seen us arrive and wanted to know if he or his partner could help us out with directions to restaurants or anything else. As he spoke, a small dark haired, attractive guy, who was obviously gay, came over and joined him and he introduced himself as Chuck and his partner as Billy. Cory asked them to come inside as it was pretty warm out there and we sat down on the couches to talk.

I asked if there was a good restaurant in town and they told us that they planned on going to a very good Chinese restaurant not far from here and asked if we would like to join them. Cory agreed and we decided to take their car since it was already unhitched and Chuck drove us the few miles to the restaurant. As we drove, they told us that they were on the first vacation together since they started living together and were from Las Vegas on their way to Boston. Billy was very talkative and had a very pleasant personality and by the time we got to the restaurant, all of us were very much at ease with one another. 

During dinner Chuck was putting out feelers as to whether I was bi and, after the first couple of probing questions, I told him that we were both bisexual and would be very interested in having a foursome with them later. A broad smile crossed his face as he said, 

"I knew it! I felt the vibes the moment we started talking. I promise both of you that you won't be disappointed with us tonight!" I'm bi but Billy is not although part of our agreement in living together was that he try a woman and see if he likes it so it looks like tonight is the night"

We paid our check after a delicious dinner and Chuck suggested that we go back to their place. He pulled up to their RV a few minutes later and we all went inside to find a very comfortable but small sitting area and sat down as Billy brought us drinks. Chuck took us back and showed us their sleeping area which was a small room with a very large bed in it and told us that we would find it very comfortable. We sat around and talked awhile and I asked Billy if he was looking forward to his first woman. He smiled and said that he wasn't really sure but that he would give it the old college try. I suggested that Chuck and I prepare him for his ordeal and Chuck got up and took him by the hand and led him back to the bedroom motioning us to follow. 

When we got there, he started to undress Billy and both Cory and I were surprised to see the size of his organ. It wasn't even hard yet but was quite thick and about 7" in length soft. I remarked that he was built beautifully and that I for one was looking forward to trying it out. Chuck had him lay back on the bed as he and I undressed and I was very happy to see that Chuck was built quite well himself as he removed his jockey shorts. I told Cory to undress and told Billy to watch her as he was about to see a really sexy woman. Chuck had his eyes fastened to every part of her body as it was revealed and I saw his penis start to rise. 

Chuck lay down on one side of Billy and I took the other as he leaned forward and started soul kissing him while I ran my fingers over his rising erection before I dropped my head and began running the flat of my tongue over his full, tight ball sac and up his thick, beautiful shaft. Chuck came down and joined me as we took turns sucking his cock and balls until his penis began to throb. At that point, I motioned for Cory to go down on him and she took his swollen crown between her lips and began nursing on it as Chuck and I licked his balls. It wasn't long before she was deep throating him and he was lifting his hips to feed her as much cock as she could take while moaning and gasping in passion.

At that point, I motioned Cory to sit on his organ as Chuck straddled his chest and fed him his erection to suck. Cory's talented pussy had him bucking like a bronco as he sucked deeply on Chuck's organ and, as soon as I saw that he was lost in pleasure, I stood up on the bed and fed Chuck my thick cock to suck as Billy voraciously sucked on his penis. After some time, I heard Billy's muffled groan and then heard my wife cry out as he filled her pussy with his juices making her orgasm at the same time. 


I pulled my cock from Chuck's mouth just as he withdrew his from Billy's and both of us looked at the satisfied smile on his face as he thanked Cory for a most wonderful experience. Then Chuck grasped my erection in his hand and pulled me down into a 69 so that both of us could suck each other's cock. I loved his taste and texture and it must have shown since both Billy and Cory were encouraging us to do a good job on each other as they watched us while Billy's penis was still buried in Cory's cunt. 

I lost myself in the beauty of his organ and was in a different world as I sucked him while he drove me wild with his talented mouth and it wasn't too long before I felt my orgasm approaching. I pulled my mouth from his delicious penis and told him that I was about to cum and he answered that so was he and as soon as I went back down on his cock, it started jerking in my mouth and shooting cum onto my waiting tongue. That was all I needed and my organ erupted in his mouth and started to feed him my juices which he gulped down as each load filled his mouth. We kept sucking each other for a long time until I felt Cory tapping me on the shoulder asking if we were all right. She was still sitting on Billy's cock and it seemed as though he was hard again as he started moving up and down as she rode him again. 

Then she lifted herself off his erection and lay back with her legs spread as she pulled him down on top of her and inserted his crown back inside her pussy. She wrapped her legs around his small body and he began to fuck her in long, deep strokes as Chuck and I shouted encouragement. Chuck was besides himself in passion watching Billy fucking her and he dipped his head between his lover's ass cheeks and began licking his anus and balls as he fucked Cory. It wasn't long before my wife's talented pussy brought him to another mind shattering orgasm and after his last spasm ended, he rolled over on his back and told Chuck that now he was definitely bi also except that he wanted it to be with Cory all the time. 

"I don't know if another woman could turn me on the way Cory has tonight." he stated and I assured him that he would find other women just as exciting if he gave it a chance. 

After resting a while, Billy asked if he could please suck my cock as it looked so delicious when Chuck was working on it so I spread my legs and let him get comfortable between them as he looked at my semi-erect organ for a while before flicking out his tongue and licking my shaft from the base up to the crown. He kept telling me how beautiful my penis was and how good it tasted as he nursed on the crown and he sucked me very much like Cory did. As I watched his mouth cover every inch of my crotch, I could see that he really loved cock and it made the experience fantastic. I let him work on me for some time before I got that old feeling that I just had to have his cock in my mouth also and asked him to swing around so that I could taste him also. The moment his thickness entered my mouth, I went off on a terrific high as the two of us sucked each other to Nirvana and back a thousand times. 

We both must have had a number of mini orgasms and it seemed we could go on forever but Chuck interrupted our reverie asking me if I would like to join him in fucking Billy since he knew how much Billy loved being fucked. I told him I'd love to and suggested that, while we took turns fucking him, that Cory should give him a taste of her delicious pussy. Chuck gallantly allowed me to enter Billy first and, as I pushed my swollen crown inside his gorgeous asshole, Cory spread her legs and fed him her cunt to suck and he started to taste pussy for the first time. His anus was a very talented hole and was contracting around my pole as I stroked into him and milking my penis with each stroke. I heard him moaning in pleasure and wasn't sure whether it was from my cock or my wife's pussy. After a while, I pulled out and Chuck inserted his cock into the waiting and ready hole and continued fucking him. 

I saw Billy's erection swaying from side to side as he was being fucked and got underneath him and took his head in my mouth and began sucking deeply on it as Chuck stroked deeply in his ass. Whenever Chuck tapped me, we changed places and kept this up for some time before Cory cried out in orgasm and fed Billy his first taste of cunt juice. Soon after inserting my penis back into his gorgeous and comfortable ass, I felt Chuck enter me from behind and start fucking me in rhythm to my strokes into his lover. I was in heaven with that beautiful cock in my ass as I fucked that beautiful hole and then I heard Chuck cry out as he grasped my hips and thrust his organ deep inside me as it exploded and shot his juices deep into my hole. That triggered my orgasm and I started pumping my hot cum into Billy's receptive ass just as I heard him cry out in orgasm also as he shot his cum onto the bed.

After some time, Chuck slowly removed his receding penis from my ass and I withdrew mine from Billy as he lifted his head from Cory's crotch and rolled over with a deep sigh. I asked him what he thought of his first experience with a woman and he just smiled and kissed Cory's hand. Chuck thanked us for an absolutely wonderful time and for breaking in Billy to a woman since that now opened their relationship and was something he had wanted for a long time. Billy admitted to him that he had enjoyed it immensely and was looking forward to many more experiences like it in the future. We decided to call it a night as we wanted to push on to New Orleans in the morning and they wanted to get an early start also. We said our goodnights and exchanged phone numbers with a promise to get together again sometime either in NY or Las Vegas. 

Cory and I relived the evening as soon as we got into bed and as soon as my cock got hard, she captured it in her beautiful hole and we fucked until we both had another delicious orgasm and fell asleep still locked together.

I had set the alarm before hopping into bed so we were up bright and early and were on the road to New Orleans as soon as we finished breakfast. We stopped for gas at a highway station a couple of hours out of New Orleans and as we were outside the vehicle stretching our legs a very attractive couple, who were gassing up their convertible, walked over to us and started asking us questions about the RV as they were considering getting one themselves. He was a big guy, about an inch taller than me and looked to be in his early 30's. He was ruggedly handsome with a barrel chest and massive arms which looked like they were going to split his tee shirt apart. She was also very tall and very sexy looking with huge breasts and large nipples which were outlined through her tube top. 

She was wearing short shorts which showed off her great ass and legs and I noticed Cory's eyes roving all over her body as they questioned us. They asked where we were heading and when we told them they broke out in big smiles and said that they lived there and were on their way back also and would we like to join them at dinner tonight since they wanted to find out all about the RV and our experiences with it.

We told them where we were going to park the RV and they told us that it wasn't far from their place and that they would come by about 7 to pick us up so, after a quick nod of approval from Cory, I accepted and told them we were looking forward to seeing them later. They introduced themselves as Bob and Martell and waved goodbye as we both pulled out of the station. All the way into New Orleans Cory and I talked about them and wondered what the night was going to bring and whether they were straight or bi or what. We both agreed that we would like to have sex with them as they were both very attractive and the vibes between us seemed very good. Cory mentioned that Martell seemed good enough to eat and I had to agree with her. We both worried whether or not she would be receptive to a woman's advances and then had the same thoughts about Bob regarding me. We decided to take our chances and think positively and take things as they come. 

We pulled into the RV Grounds early enough to get settled and shower and get dressed and as we settled down on the couch to await their arrival we heard a horn outside our door and opened it to find them just getting out of their car. We asked them to come in and Cory made us some drinks as we showed them around the vehicle and pointed out all the conveniences. Martell was thrilled with the shower and they both seemed very impressed with the total layout. After some more questions, we finished our drinks and they suggested that we head over to their place as Martell had some finishing touches to complete on dinner which was just about ready. 

It took about half an hour to arrive at their sprawling ranch house and Bob led us into the living room while Martell went into the kitchen to prepare dinner. Bob told us that he was a land developer and specialized in large shopping malls all through the Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas areas. He also told us that Martell owned a very popular beauty shop in town and was planning to open a branch in the northern suburbs in a few weeks. Just then Martell called out that dinner was ready and Bob led us into the dining room.

She was a hell of a cook as the meal was absolutely delicious and when we finished, Bob suggested that we go into the library and have coffee. Cory asked if she could help Martell clean up the dishes but Martell told her not to bother as their cleaning woman would take care of everything in the morning. As we sat down to have our coffee, Bob asked if we would like an after dinner cordial or perhaps something to smoke. When I asked what he had to smoke, he told us that he had some excellent Jamaican weed and I saw the glint in Cory's eye as she looked at me and told him that she wasn't sure about the grass since it always got her very horny and she couldn't be responsible for her actions. 

Bob smiled and told her that it has the same effect on Martell so she shouldn't worry about it and just relax and enjoy. He brought out a small walnut cigarette box and lighter and took out a neatly rolled joint and lit up, passing it around for everyone to take a hit. It was very good grass and it wasn't long before all of us were quite high and getting very talkative. 

Cory turned her head towards me so that they couldn't see her wink and then turned back and mentioned that it seemed to be getting very hot in here. Bob told her that it was a little cooler in the other room and asked if she would like to accompany him there and she stood up a little unsteadily and took his hand as he led her inside. Martell smiled at me as her sexy eyes traveled down to my crotch and she got up and sat down next to me and leaned forward and brushed her lips against mine as she placed her hand on my bulge and gently squeezed my rising organ. I covered her lips with mine and placed my hand on her full breast as I lightly pinched her erect nipple and we took turns sucking each other's tongue as we teased one another. We were both breathing heavy when she suddenly asked me to take off my clothes and stood up and started removing hers. 

As I undressed, I had my eyes fastened on her as she revealed one of the most beautiful bodies I have ever seen on a woman. Her breasts were firm and full with huge erect nipples that just begged to be sucked and the rest of her was just as gorgeous. Her hips, ass and legs were perfect and I was gazing at her sexy ass as she removed her panties and was about to lean forward and bury my face in her ass crack when she turned around to face me and I was shocked to see a very large, thick penis standing out in front of her! I was speechless for a moment as I never in a million years expected that and she smiled down at me and asked if I was OK with it. In answer, I took the large, smooth crown between my lips and started nursing on it while looking up at her with smiling eyes.

I saw the relief on her face as I took her organ in my mouth and she ran her hands through my hair and told me how happy she was that I liked it. Then she told me that she had something else to show me and when I pulled my mouth from her delicious cock, she lay back on the couch and spread her legs wide, lifted her beautiful erection and showed me a gorgeous pussy just underneath it and I was doubly amazed! I had never seen a hermaphrodite in person before although Cory and I had a collection of CD's on some beauties that we regularly watched and fantasized about while having sex. I smiled up at her and said, 

"You are a dream come true, Martell and I'm going to have the time of my life making love to you and when Cory sees you, she's going to feel the same way" and I leaned forward and ran my tongue up and down her slit as I nibbled on her petal-like labia and tasted her delicious flavor. 

She guided my head with her hands and fed me every part of her gorgeous crotch to lick, suck and kiss and after a while of this, I moved on up to her beautiful, thick erection and licked the shaft from the base up to the sculpted crown. When I reached her crown, I saw a big drop of precum welling up in the slit and licked it up with my tongue before it could run down the shaft and found it absolutely delicious. I looked up at her and told her how good she tasted in both organs and then went back down to continue enjoying myself as I moved freely from her cock to her cunt. 

She was moaning as I licked and sucked her and then asked if we could move inside and join the others on the bed as she wanted to taste me also. We got up and she took my hand and led me into the bedroom where we saw Bob and Cory eating each other with Cory on top. They never even seemed to notice us as we got on the bed and rested our heads on each other's thigh as I went back to enjoying her beautiful organs and she took me into her mouth and began nursing on my cock as if she needed my juices to survive. I kept going back and forth between her pussy and penis as I was enjoying both equally and was getting the same fantastic reactions from her no matter which one I sucked. I found that her cock was oozing lots of precum, which was like nectar, and I concentrated on feeding on that while I tweaked her clit and slipped a couple of fingers into her wet hole. 

We had each other on a fabulous high when suddenly she groaned and I felt her penis jerk as it started shooting gobs of cum into my mouth. The quantity was amazing and I found myself gulping down one load of delicious cum after another until her penis stopped jerking and no more came out. I was close to orgasm also and she sensed it and never stopped sucking deeply on my organ until it swelled and started pumping my cum juices into her hungry mouth which she swallowed as she moaned in ecstasy. 

We were resting our heads on our thighs when I heard Bob cry out that he was cumming and looked over to see my wife sucking voraciously on his thick penis as he fed her his cum. She kept sucking his organ long after his last spasm and then lifted her head and looked at us with a big smile as she told us what a delicious drink she just had. Then her eyes almost popped out of her head when she saw the thick, semi-erect penis lying on Martell's thigh just inches from my mouth. She jumped up and came over to us and reached out and grasped the beautiful organ as she looked at Martell and said, 
