 (Houston)

We left Bob and Martell's with some reluctance since we had such a wonderful time for the three days we spent with them but we did want to continue our trip and hoped that we would keep running into the same luck we had since our vacation started. I turned onto Highway 10 West which would take us right into Houston hopefully in about 8 hours. We had left New Orleans a little later than usual because of our last quick sex session with Bob and Martell and I figured that with luck we could arrive at the RV grounds by 7 pm. 

The drive was uneventful and was going as planned. Martell had thoughtfully provided us with sandwiches for lunch so, outside of one quick stop for gas, we were making pretty good time. About 100 miles from Houston, we saw a car full of people stuck on the side of the road with a handkerchief tied on the driver's door so I pulled over to ask if they needed any help. It turned out to be six young college girls whose car broke down on their way back to Houston from New Orleans. They thanked us for stopping but told us they had already called AAA on their cell for help and were awaiting a tow truck. As we were heading back to the RV, one of the girls called out to us and asked if we could give two of them a lift into Houston as they didn't want to wait a few hours until the car was fixed. 

I told her it was OK and she called out to one of her friends and they grabbed their bags and came over to our vehicle. The tall redhead said her name was Dianne and her friend was Judy. Both were attractive and both were built like the proverbial brick shithouse although Judy was much smaller in stature than the almost Amazon Dianne. We climbed aboard the RV and got them settled on chairs in the sitting area and stowed their bags in one of the closets. Dianne noticed the bathroom with a shower and squealed in delight and asked if it were possible for her to shower as they hadn't had a chance to wash at all since yesterday. I didn't bother asking why and Cory got up and gave her a towel and asked Judy if she wanted to shower also and when she said yes also, she gave her a towel too and showed them into the bedroom where they could undress. I called out to them to make it a quick shower as we didn't have that much water in the tanks and pulled the RV back onto the highway and continued our journey.

As I was driving, I noticed Dianne in the interior rear view mirror quickly move from the bedroom into the bathroom and caught a quick look at her gorgeous body and full breasts before she closed the door behind her. When she finished and went back into the bedroom, Cory went back just as Judy was heading for the shower and saw her gorgeous body fully exposed as she closed the door behind her. Dianne asked Cory if she could lie down and grab a quick nap as they hadn't had much sleep in the last 24 hours and she sure could use it. Cory pulled down the blanket and sheets and told her to go right ahead although it couldn't be for long since they should be getting into Houston in a couple of hours. 

As Dianne was getting into bed, Judy came in and squealed in delight as she saw her getting comfortable and asked if she could grab a nap also. Cory got them settled in bed and closed the door and came back and sat down next to me in the front with a big grin on her face. She told me that both of them were absolutely delicious looking and she wouldn't mind a piece of either one of them and was going to make sure both of us had them before they left us.

About an hour later, Cory got up and went back into the bedroom. The girls woke up but she told them to go right back to sleep as she was going in to shower also. She undressed and I caught a glimpse of her as she went in the bathroom and then came out a few minutes later and went back into the bedroom. When she got back into the bedroom, she stood by the bed totally nude and both girls slowly awakened as they looked at her magnificent body. She was standing alongside the bed next to Dianne, who slowly ran her hand along Cory's thigh and over her mound and into her slit. Cory lifted her leg and rested her foot on the bed as Dianne leaned forward and started licking her labia while running her hand over Cory's gorgeous ass cheeks. Judy got up and moved over to the side of the bed on her knees and took Cory's erect nipple between her lips and started nursing on it while tweaking the other nipple between her fingers. 

Cory got up on the bed and Dianne rested her head on her thigh as she continued licking her slit while Cory had Judy lie down so that she could bury her head between her open thighs and taste her womanhood. Dianne moved around so that Judy could get at her also and the three of them lost themselves in each other as they all pleasured one another. Cory found that Judy tasted and smelled like heaven and after some time asked them to switch places so that she could taste Dianne also. The moment she buried her tongue in Dianne's wet slit, she was lost. Judy was delicious but Dianne was even better and both girls knew how to pleasure a woman beautifully so she was having the time of her life with them and time passed quickly.

I knew that something good was going on since the bedroom door hadn't opened for quite some time and when I was about a mile or so away from the RV grounds, Cory came out wearing a robe and a big grin and told me to get the RV settled and come back for a delicious surprise. I pulled into the grounds and had the water and electricity hooked up and walked back to the bedroom to find the three of them naked on their backs with their legs splayed wide and big grins on their faces as Cory told me to please get undressed and sample the wares on display. I looked at the three gorgeous bodies before me and got out of my clothes in record time. As I turned to approach the bed, Dianne gasped as her eyes were riveted to my erection and she squealed in delight as did her friend Judy. 

I kneeled before Dianne and leaned forward and kissed her labia as I breathed in her delicious scent and then slid my tongue into her exposed, pink hole and tasted her delicious juices. Then I moved over to Judy and did the same and found her equally as good. Cory got up and told me to lay down in her place and then told both girls that they were in for a treat and should go right ahead and get to know every inch of me. 

Dianne was staring at my thick, throbbing penis as she grasped the shaft in her hand and guided the head to her lips. She sucked on the crown for a moment and then lifted her head and told Judy that she had to taste it as it was simply delicious. Judy moved over next to her and covered the entire crown with her lips as she sucked on it and then looked up at Dianne and told her she was right. The two girls took turns sucking the head. While Judy was sucking, Dianne concentrated on my balls and worked her fingers into my asshole and then they would switch places. I asked Cory to come up and sit on my face as I wanted something to eat also and the moment she lowered her gorgeous crotch to my mouth, I lost myself in the pleasures of her cunt as well as the sensations the girls were giving me. 

After awhile, I felt some movement and then my cock entered a warm, comfortable and very wet hole as Dianne sat down on my cock and began to ride it like she was riding a horse. Cory got up and told Judy to take her place so that I could have a different desert and I was soon nibbling on a very sweet and quite large clitoris as Judy fed it to me to suck. Dianne was giving everyone a blow by blow description of what she was feeling as she fucked my thick pole so Judy got up and turned around so she could watch as she fucked my mouth. Cory was sucking on Dianne's large erect nipples and squeezing her full breasts as she moved up and down on my pole and then I heard Dianne cry out in orgasm as she sat down hard on my thick pole and wet it with her juices while shuddering and moaning in ecstasy.

As soon as she came down from her high, Judy asked her to switch places with her as she was looking forward to having my big cock inside her also. Dianne mumbled something about not wanting to let it go but slowly lifted herself off my erection and allowed Judy to lower her pussy on it. Cory offered a helping hand by holding my penis up straight and fitting it into Judy's wet and ready vagina and she lowered herself on it with a big sigh of satisfaction as it filled her up with meat. Dianne straddled my head and faced the action as she dropped her crotch to my waiting mouth and went right back to riding it like she was posting on a horse. She was as delicious as her friend and I was soon lost in pleasure once again. 

Cory busied herself sucking Judy's nipples and playing with her clit as she fucked me and then I felt my orgasm approaching and let Judy know that I was going to cum in a few minutes and went back to sucking Dianne's hard little button. A few moments later, my cock started jerking inside Judy's cunt and began pumping hot cum in load after load deep inside her. When the second load splashed against her cervix, she cried out and started to shake as she bore down on my penis and experienced a shattering orgasm. When the two of us came down, Dianne lifted herself off my face and told Judy to roll off me and spread her legs as she wanted to eat my juices out of her pussy and as soon as Judy did what she asked, she buried her tongue deep inside her vagina and began sucking out my cum. After some time, she lifted her head and told us with a satisfied grin that she just had the most delicious drink in the world but that next time, she wanted to drink it directly from the fountain.

I asked if the girls had any plans for the evening and when they said that they were free, I suggested that we all go out for dinner and then come back for more fun later. Dianne said that she knew of a great Italian restaurant not too far from where we were so we got dressed and I unhitched the jeep and we headed out following her directions. While we were having dinner, both Dianne and Judy were asking us all sorts of questions which seemed to me that they were trying to find out my sexual interests since they already found out firsthand about Cory's. I told them that both Cory and I were bisexual and that I enjoyed a good cock as much as pussy and Dianne's eyes lit up and she looked at Judy as she asked me if I would mind if she invited a boyfriend of theirs to join us tonight. 

I asked about him and she told me that he was about an inch shorter than me with a very athletic body, was very good looking and had a cock that I was sure to love. With that kind of description, I had to say yes and she whipped out her cell phone and was talking animatedly to her friend for a few minutes before covering the receiver and asking us if we could wait about a half an hour at the restaurant as he knew where it was and could be here by then. I told her that was fine since we could have coffee and desert while we waited for him to arrive and she told him to hurry and hung up.

We were having our second cup of coffee when a good looking, young guy fitting her description walked in the door and headed towards us as soon as he spotted the girls. Dianne introduced us to Brad and he sat down in our booth as I asked the waitress to bring him a cup of coffee. He was very personable and we got along very well in a short time. Dianne told us that she and Brad have been dating since the semester started and that Judy had joined them a few times also. I mentioned that he was a very lucky guy to have two such beautiful girls to date and he smiled and agreed. I asked the waitress for the check and paid her by credit card and then suggested, with a smile, that we go back to the RV and relax with some drinks and good conversation.

Brad followed us back and parked alongside as I opened the door and motioned them all inside. Cory asked if they would prefer drinking or smoking and their eyes lit up as they asked what she had to smoke. I told them that I had a special stash of some excellent Maui Gold and they all asked to try it. I brought out a small pipe and the bag of grass and after filling and lighting it, I passed it around. A minute or so after taking a hit they all mentioned that it was fantastic and that they already started to feel high. 

We talked about their school and what they did for relaxation around campus and Dianne told us that she and Judy were roommates and had discovered that they were both bisexual about a month after the semester started. Having sex with guys was no problem but they didn't find many girls who were bi and kept their sex adventures with each other a secret. When Dianne met Brad, she soon found out that he was bi because every time they had sex he talked about how nice it would be to have a cock in his mouth while he was fucking her and she could trust him with her bisexuality and relax with him totally and then finally brought Judy into the picture so that she could have pussy while he fucked her. 

As they talked, they had another hit and then Cory excused herself and went back into the bedroom. She came out a few minutes later totally naked and I thought Brad's eyes would bug out of his head as he looked her over from head to toe. I told him that he was looking at a fantastic example of womanhood and that she was every bit as good as she looked. Dianne agreed with my appraisal and told him that Cory was fantastic in bed and that he was in for a treat. She walked over to him and he reached up and lightly pinched her hard nipples and cupped her beautiful, full breasts in his hands as she sat down on his lap. Then Judy told him that he hasn't seen anything yet until he sees me and asked if I would get naked also so she could show him what she means. 

I went back in the bedroom and removed my clothes and came back in as Brad stared at my semi erect penis which was swaying in front of me as I walked. His eyes were glazed as he looked at it and I walked over in front of him and let him reach up and grasp the thickness in his hand. Judy stood up and started to remove her clothes as did Dianne and then Cory got off his lap and helped him to his feet as she started to take off his clothes. He was still holding my erection in his hand and Cory removed it telling him that he would have the whole evening to play with it but that first he had to get naked also. When she helped him out of his shorts, both of us drew in our breaths at the beauty of his organ. He was fully erect and his penis was long and very thick with a large beautifully sculpted crown and a deep slit which was already oozing precum. 

I couldn't resist it and dropped to my knees and captured a large drop of nectar as it welled up in the slit with the tip of my tongue and found it tasted delicious. I got up and took his hand and led him into the bedroom where I told him to lay back as I wanted some after dinner desert and, as soon as he was ready, I lowered my head to his penis and started nursing on his crown and feasting on the massive amounts of delicious precum he fed me. Dianne slid underneath me and took my erection into her mouth and began sucking it voraciously and Cory got up on the bed and straddled Brad's head as she fed him her crotch to suck while she watched me work on his cock. Judy busied herself between Dianne's thighs and the five of us went off into that special world of pleasure that good sex can provide. 

I was enjoying myself immensely as I sucked on Brad's beautiful penis while playing with his balls and slipping a finger into his asshole as he squirmed in passion. Dianne was doing the same thing to me and I was in another world as I experienced both pleasures. I heard Cory cry out in orgasm as Brad drew her juices from her body and then Dianne's muffled cries were heard as Judy made her cum also and she sucked deeply on my organ as she came. I felt Brad's body tense and he reached down and held my head to his cock as it started spurting cum onto my tongue and I swallowed it with gusto as he fed me each delicious load until he sank back down with a long sigh and Cory lifted her pussy off his face so he could take some deep breaths and recover from his orgasm. 

I lifted my head and looked up at him with a smile as I told him that he could feed me his juices anytime he wished as I found his cum absolutely delicious. Judy asked if she could have my cock in her ass now as she loves to be ass fucked and I told her that I would love to deposit my juices in her beautiful ass. My penis was throbbing from all the action and I rubbed some precum over her puckered anus as she presented it to me and pushed the crown inside as she gasped and asked me to fill her with cock. I stroked in and out of her gorgeous ass and my balls slapped her pussy with each thrust and she cried out in passion and described how good it felt to have my penis inside her back hole. As I fucked her, Brad came over and cupped my balls in his hand and played with my anus and the combination of her contractions around my throbbing shaft and his fingers sliding in and out of my ass brought on my orgasm and my penis erupted and started shooting ropes of hot cum deep inside her ass as she pushed back to get more and went into orgasm herself. 

We stayed locked together for awhile after we both calmed down and then Brad removed his fingers from my ass and I withdrew my cock from her ass and we both lay down to relax. Cory and Dianne were busy eating each other and as we watched the beautiful scene, both of them went into orgasm and then rested their heads on each other's thighs as they both sighed in satisfaction.

We went back into the sitting area and had some cold drinks and passed around the pipe again as we continued our discussion and I asked Brad if he had much bi action on campus. He told me that unfortunately his roommate wasn't bi so he didn't have the convenience that Dianne had with Judy and meeting bi guys on campus was tough. The only time he had cock was when he went back home to LA on vacations and saw some of his high school buddies. All his bi activities were relegated to the internet with his friends from home and others he had met in cyberspace and having my cock was the highlight of his life in Houston. 

We were off on another beautiful and relaxing high again and he asked me if he could sit between my legs and suck my cock while we talked as he really loved cock and may not have one again until he goes back home on vacation. In answer I spread my legs and he came right over and sat down in front of me and took my flaccid organ in his mouth. He looked up and told me that he loved sucking a cock hard and was going to really enjoy doing it to me now and then went right back down on it. 

We continued our discussion about campus sex as he lovingly sucked my organ and it slowly started to respond. Dianne told us that she and Judy usually have sex with guys about once a week and sex with each other almost every night before they go to sleep after finishing homework assignments. Judy added that they bought a double ender dildo a couple of months ago and love using it on each other as it gets them both off very nicely. Cory got up and went inside and showed them her strap on and asked if they would like to try it with her now and Judy jumped up and asked to be first. Cory fit the short end in her vagina and then fastened the belt around her waist making sure that the clit stimulator was in the proper position before asking Judy to bend over the couch. 

Judy walked over to where Dianne was sitting and got on her knees in front of her spread legs as she told us that she always fantasized about sucking Dianne's pussy when Dianne was fucking her with the dildo and then she lowered her head to Dianne's crotch as Cory got behind her and fit the realistic cockhead to her slit and pushed it inside. Judy groaned in passion as it started to fill her hole and fastened her mouth to her friend's labia as she sucked the petal-like lips and moved her hips in rhythm to Cory's strokes. 
