 Hi Cream Pie fans, this is almost true, only the names were changed to protect the creamers.

Billy was enjoying his summer, sleeping late, playing video games, and jerking off to porn stories on the net. Billy was a good boy; he almost never got into trouble, and now that he had graduated from high school he planned to join the navy. He wanted to do some traveling and get a trade skill for the future. He was a tall, muscular, sandy haired blonde, he never had trouble getting dates and had fucked his share of coeds; he had even sucked a dick or two; bisexuality was natural to him.

On this hot July day, Billy sat in front of his computer reading stories about exhibitionism, ever since he could remember he loved stories about watching people fuck, he dreamed of getting underneath a couple and watching the guy's cock slipping in and out of the woman's pussy. He put his feet up on the computer desk and stoked his young eight-inch dick to the tale of a guy licking a penis wet with cunt juice as it popped out of the bitch's dripping fuck hole. 

His hairless cock was so hard that the veins were standing out and the head was firm and thick. Billy climbed up onto his bunk bed and got down to business; he put his feet up on the wall over his head almost like a handstand, and pumped his dick watching it point toward his face. This was his favorite position to masturbate in; Bill liked to shoot off on his own face and pretend it was some guys dick unloading on a pussy and the cum was dripping on his lips. 

After a short time jacking off his nut sack tightened up and his fantasy roared to life. He could see his woman's belly ripple and hump as her orgasmic cunt oozed juice out from around the slick throbbing cock. Pumping his meat to this vision of raw sex sent him to the edge, he squeezed the head of his dick and prepared to eat cum. In his mind the big wet cock popped out of her spent pussy and thumped his chin and mouth as it fell; just then he fired off a volley of sperm. Some of it hit his nose and some went into his open mouth, but most of it shot onto his neck and chin; he licked it up like ice cream and swallowed the load in his mouth. 

His dick never even softened, it was so hard it almost hurt and his shank was red with abuse and dribbling spunk. Billy wanted real sex, the kind kinky people thrive on, and he would do anything to make his fantasy real. 

In a small town like Cloverville, with its tree lined avenues and manicured lawns, you might not think there would be much of a swinger community, but you just never know what your neighbors are doing behind closed doors. Ben and Lisa Wilson lived a couple houses down from Billy, and they were pretty close to his parents in age and social position. Billy had grown up cleaning the Wilson's pool and mowing their lawn for extra cash. He had been painfully aware of Mrs. Wilson's firm 36D tits and her tight little ass, and boyish hips, which she liked to show off in her cutoff low rider jeans. It was Saturday afternoon and time to scoop the leaves out of the Wilson's pool and hose down their deck. His virtually constant bone was hard to hide in his swimming trunks; secretly he hoped Mrs. Wilson would notice it and fall to her knees and suck the boiling cum out of his balls. He fantasized about doing a sixty-nine with Lisa Wilson while her hubby pounded her pussy. Ben. Wilson snapped him out of his daydream when he stepped out of the sliding glass doors and asked him if he wanted to come inside and cool off with a glass of lemonade. Not now, Billy answered, I'm going to jump in and swim for a little while, but thanks anyway. There was no way he could walk in their house with the hardon he was sporting, it was like steel and it wasn't going down anytime soon; the visual of Lisa's wet fucking cunt was to erotic to get out of his head.

Ben Wilson was 6'3" and lean; his legs were toned from jogging and he lifted light weights to keep his chest and arms in shape. Billy had noticed Ben's cock lying against his thigh, framed in his wet baggy swim trunks. His circumcised cock had to be a full eight inches and had an unusually wide girth. Ben was blonde like Billy but had a hairy chest and a goatee. Mrs. Wilson was a redhead and very attractive, she liked to wear white thong bikinis while sunning on the deck. Young Bill had a feeling that she didn't have any hair on her pussy; at least he couldn't spot any when she got out of the pool wet and her suit had become semi transparent. He did take pleasure noting that her suit climbed up her slit just enough to see the labia of her sex.

Lisa was a touchy feely kind of person; always giving hugs and pecks on the cheek. She had known Billy for so long that playfully kissing his cheek and complimenting him on how grown up he looked came naturally to her. Now that he was a man he couldn't let her do those things without sexual thoughts bashing around in his head. As he surfaced from his dive and climbed out of the cool, crystal clear water, he saw her looking at his crotch. She was hot, a young mans dream come true; her tits were spilling out of her top and that ass was just tanned enough to set off the creamy skin under her thong. Lisa never took her eyes off the erect cock plastered to his belly and showcased in his wet trunks. She pointed at it and stuttered, is that for me Bill?

Billy was stunned; there was his dream girl, her red hair pulled back and her skin glowing with oil and sweat. He thought he should apologize to her for his stiff cock, but he put his hand over his dick, looked into her eyes and said, I can't help it Mrs. Wilson. She smiled a subtle grin and rubbed his face with the back of her hand, then said, its ok Billy, you're a healthy young man and it's normal for you to be aroused. With that she took his hand away from his pulsing meat, placed it on her right breast and whispered, is this what you want Bill? It wasn't a question that needed and answer. Her hot oiled flesh was incredible; her tits were firm and full and she offered to show him more if he wanted.

Like I said you never know about the neighbors. Ben and Lisa both are nudist, and love to play with several couples they know; they aren't club type swingers, just comfortable about sex, and each other. Lisa smiled at Billy as she reached behind her back and unhooked the tiny bikini top, she didn't take it off all the way; she let it hang on her tits for a moment before it fell to the deck. Her breasts entranced Billy; they were alabaster white with long, thick, red, nipples. He was so engrossed in her beauty that he barely heard Ben laughing. Well, I guess the horse is out of the barn now Lisa, he chuckled. Ben shrugged off his trunks and dove in the pool, gliding smoothly across the bottom to their side of the pool. When he surfaced he looked up and said, last one in is a rotten egg.

Lisa hooked her fingers in the straps of her thong and tugged them to her ankles, then she delicately kicked them from her foot right into Billy's face; he took a deep breath through his nose and caught Lisa's scent. She went to her knees and yanked Billy's suit down, and playfully slapped his engorged meat making it bounce to his belly. Lisa then pushed him into the pool right on top of Ben. Laughing and clapping her hands she jumped on both of them. Her slippery body slid between them and she felt their cocks rub against her ass and cunt. 

Even the cold pool water and his nervousness wouldn't ease the enormous erection Billy was sporting; a young mans curse and blessing. They were all close together and hands were everywhere, feeling and grabbing, he didn't know who was squeezing his dick and didn't care. Lisa reached up under Billy and slid her hand through the crack of his ass and handled his balls; another hand stroked his iron hard shaft and played with his dick head. He could feel Lisa's warm firm tits against his back as her thighs locked around his waist; her pussy was hot and smooth against his ass and she guided his hand to Ben's throbbing dick. Ben and Lisa were experienced in the art of love and knew how eager a young man can be, so they were easy and careful not to go too far with him, at least not yet.

Lisa kissed Billy on the neck and said, Billy, Ben and I need to get out of the pool and get ready for this evenings party; would you like to join us later? She giggled when he said; I'd love to Mrs. Wilson. She said, Please call me Lisa; I think we're on a first name basis now. Ben and Lisa climbed out of the water and started for the house and Billy couldn't help but watch amazed as their sleek wet bodies flexed with every step. Her slinky body, firm ripe breasts, and strawberry hair were a perfect compliment to Ben's blonde muscular frame. They turned and she said, see you about eight, and bring that with you pointing to his manhood, and then they disappeared through the sliding glass doors.

Young Bill spent hours scrubbing every part of his body; he wanted to be perfect for the party, and for Lisa. He shaved his face and then his balls, a girl at school had told him women like to suck smooth cock and balls. His dick was standing at attention and ached to be handled, but he wanted it to be ready and his nuts full for this evenings festivities. He wore his tropical print bathing suit under his beige Dockers, just in case, and put on a Guy Harvey button down shirt with a marlin painted on the back. A pair of braided brown loafers finished off his attire; he was ready.

Lisa opened the door and welcomed Billy in; her house smelled nice and everything was neat and expensive looking. The living room had one of those long el shaped leather couches that have recliners on both ends. The art on the walls was a mix of originals oils and tasteful prints, and they showed well. Ben came out from behind the bar and shook Bill's hand, and then took him on a tour of the game room where the pool table was and introduced him to three other couples that had come to party. Tom and Karen, Robert and Dana, and Jim and Laura were all thirty something's and looked as well kept as Ben and Lisa. Ben handed Billy a melon ball daiquiri, the first of many different daiquiris they would all share that night. Dana, a medium height blonde came up clinked her glass against Billy's and said, I'm so happy to meet you, Lisa told me all about you, and she was right, you are gorgeous.

After the second drink, a Rum Runner, Billy was feeling no pain; the guests were all laughing and giggling telling each other about sexual things they had done. Everyone was comfortably buzzed when Lisa pointed her drink toward the pool and shouted; last one in is a rotten egg. When the girls shrugged their shoulders and shook their bodies the loose cocktail dresses they wore shimmered to the floor, no one was wearing any bras or panties. The four of them sprinted naked out the sliding glass doors and splashed into the pool. The guys held back admiring their asses as they dove in and Billy's cock came to attention again. This was going to be a summer to remember.

Ben and Robert told Billy that every year that four, or more, couples would get together for what they called "Nude Day" and they were all glad that he could join them this year. Robert said, watch out for Dana, she will corner you and suck you dry. Ben laughed and said, better look out for all of them Bill, they are a horny bunch of sluts on Nude Day. With that the men all moved out to the pool and stripped off their clothes. The girls eyed Bill as his trunks slid down his legs, as the elastic band passed over his massive bone it popped up and slapped his belly button. Lined up on the pool's edge all four women stared wide-eyed at Billy's commanding presents; he was proud they were paying so much attention to his steel hard dick. 

The evening pasted along with much pleasure, many daiquiris, and much fondling of each other without any homophobic fears or concern over marital status. One by one the naked guests left the pool to dry off and float into the game room. Dana, Karen, and Lisa were setting up munchies and Robert and Ben were making fresh drinks for everyone. Laura challenged Billy to a game of pool, the stakes were whoever lost had to perform for the winner; it was a game they always played to warm up for the fun. Billy won the first game of eight ball and Laura said, what do you want me to do master Bill; I'll do anything you say! Billy looked down at his throbbing cock; this was his chance, he knew what he wanted, and said, will you let me get under you and watch you fuck doggie style. Laura dropped to her knees and engulfed his dick in one swallow; she'd been waiting for this moment all evening. She pulled back letting the head of his dick pop out and said, yes baby, I want you to suck my pussy while I get fucked. Her husband Jim elbowed Ben and said, check it out Ben, the game is on. Ben and Jim both got wood watching Laura blow Billy. Laura was a pro, and she sucked Billy and slobbered all over his balls and cock. He was pushing her head back to keep from cumming to soon. Jim told his wife, don't make him cum yet; we have a long way to go tonight. Ok, she said, but I claim dibs on his first load.

Billy stood back and surveyed all the naked guests, the hard cocks and the shaved pussies were so erotic; he knew then that the he would always be a nudist and a swinger. Ben moved in and put Laura on her hands and knees, and then told Billy to lay under her in a sixty-nine. Jim knelt in front of Laura so she could suck his cock while Ben fucked her doggie style. Billy watched as Ben slid his massive tool deep into Laura's fuck hole. Laura brought Billy's cock up and held it next to Jims so she could lick up one dick and down the other; Ben grabbed her hips and fucked the shit out of her cunt with Billy trying to keep up with the thrusts. He licked Ben's cock as it pistoned in and out of her cunt, each stroke brought more pussy juice out of Laura's dripping cunt and down on his face. Laura clenched her vagina around Ben and started her orgasm; she sucked both Billy and Jim, but let Billy go and slurped down Jim's shaft so she could swallow his sperm. As she fell into the throws of ecstasy Jim shot his cum down her moaning gulping throat, then Ben followed with a powerful climax that sent cum thundering into her womb and out the sides of her cunt as he pumped. Billy lapped it all up; this was what he always dreamed of and now he was sucking Laura's clit to finish her off and licking Ben's dick as it popped out and fell to his face. He lingered cleaning both of them up and swallowing all that mouth-watering cream. 

I'm next yelled Lisa; that was just the beginning for Billy. He serviced everyone at the party, loving every drop of spunk and froth.