 I am fortunate enough to be in a job where I am able to work at home a couple of days a week. This has many benefits. Some of them are quite unexpected. One of the unexpected ones happened the other day! 

My next door neighbour has a daughter, Amy. She has recently turned 18 and it has been a pleasure watching her turning from a chubby girl into a buxom young lady. She's ended up with a fabulously round rear, and some pretty large, perky breasts. She is certainly very enjoyable to watch around the garden. In particular because she likes wearing tiny shorts and bikini tops. I have to say I've had to be careful about where my thoughts have gone as I'm old enough to be her dad! Just! 

The other day though I was in for a real treat. I was busy working in an empty house when the doorbell rang. It was Amy and she looked a little flushed. She explained that she had a couple of friends round and that they were doing some homework and needed some assistance. Could I possibly come round to help. I gladly agreed - anything to avoid the monotony of my job was a pleasant distraction. As we climbed the stairs to her room she took care to inform me that there was nobody else at home, and wouldn't be for some time. In retrospect this should have meant more to me than it did at the time. 

We got to her room and she introduced me to her friends. There was Lucy who was blonde, very slim, almost skinny, and had the most fabulous blue eyes. She had long legs and very small breasts. From the look of it she had a Wonderbra on, maybe even some extra padding. Even so she looked very flat. Not that this is a problem at all - I find small breasts can be very interesting to observe. 

Then there was Sally who had the most fabulous red hair, pale skin with a few freckles and almost green, piercing eyes. She had fairly average sized chest I'd say, but they looked quite a bit bigger due to her athletic figure. I was feeling really glad to be able to assist these 3 beauties in their homework duties. 

After the introductions had been made, I asked them what it was they needed help with. There was definitely an increase in the rosiness of cheeks at that point and Amy piped up:

"We're doing some work on human anatomy for our Biology A-Level. Basically, we're getting a bit stuck with it all in relation to men. Obviously for women it's easy, we can look in the book and look at ourselves or each other. We've had a lot of fun doing that. But when it comes to the male parts, all we have is our textbook and the internet. It's embarrassing looking at male parts on the internet and the textbook is rubbish. We were wondering if you could help us out. We don't want to embarrass you, or force you, but if you could help it would be fabulous!" 

As you might expect I was a little taken aback at this. In particular in the forward nature of the way Amy explained the situation. I probably should have been jumping at this opportunity, but I didn't want to get myself in hot water. So I asked them why they couldn't ask one of their boyfriends to step up. Amy responded: 

"They're all too chicken to get their bits out for us to look at. We've asked them and they just flatly refuse." 

"More fool them," I thought! "So how do you want this to work then?" I asked. 

Lucy chimed in: "Well if you don't mind, you'd just get your cock out and stand there whilst we examine it and so on!" 

At this they three girls all started giggling and turned bright red again. I decided that with nothing ventured there would be nothing gained, and I reminded myself that these three girls are all legal, even if they are young and naive, so I started unbuttoning my fly. The giggling stopped abruptly when they realised what I was doing and they all leaned in to get a good view. They looked visibly excited. I pulled down my trousers and stepped out of them, standing there in my boxers which had a rather visible bulge. 

"Is this giving you a boner," Sally asked inquisitively. 

"Yes," I replied, "is that going to be a problem?"

"No, "she answered, "not in the slightest. We were hoping to get you hard as that is part of what we are looking at. When we were doing the female body earlier we all played with Amy's pussy to get her turned on so that we could see how an aroused woman looks. It was lots of fun."

This caused my cock to really stand to attention. The thought of those three playing with each other had me really going. I carefully released my member from its confines and kicked off my boxers. I don't think I've got a particularly large penis. It's probably 5 inches in length, but it does the job I need it to! Nevertheless there was a sharp intake of breath from the three beauties across from me. There was definitely a lot of excitement! 

All three of them came a bit closer and had a good look at me. I could feel their breath on my skin. Sally reached for her textbook and started reading about the male genetalia out loud. As she was reading Amy reached out and started touching all the bits gently as Sally read them out. Her touch was so gentle, and each little brush of her hand made my dick jerk with satisfaction. All three girls were visibly flushed again now and I'm sure their breathing was a lot shallower than before. 

Once Sally had finished reading from the textbook they started taking it in turns to stroke and touch me. It was taking all my concentration to not squirt a load over all of them right there and then. Then one of them gave my balls a gentle squeeze which made me flinch. Not through pain, more through pleasure. I couldn't believe how forward they were being. I lost all track of time as I presented myself to them. Eventually though I heard Amy saying:

"Thanks so much for that. Really interesting. You've been such a help. You can get dressed again now."

I pulled my boxers and trousers back on thinking that I might be able to go back to my house to give myself some relief. But that wasn't to be just yet. 

"Do you mind helping us with something else whilst you're here?" Lucy asked. 

I said that I would be more than happy to. They started then to explain that all three of them really wanted to let their boyfriends know that they are ready for sex, but didn't know how to go about it. They had decided between them that they didn't want to do it through talking, rather that they were going to invite the three of them round for a party and to dress and behave in such a manner that sex was a foregone conclusion. They asked me to provide them with some assistance and ideas for their ploy. 

I explained to them that I'd be happy to help, but that my advice would be heavily biased towards the things that I like, and that there's no guarantee that their boyfriends would like it. They were willing to take the risk. 

"How obvious do you want to be with your ploy?" I asked them. 

"We'd do anything to get them to be unable to keep their hands off us and their dicks out of our vaginas," Amy responded. 

"In that case," I replied, "here is what I suggest. All three of you should dress as provocatively as you possibly dare. I would suggest you wear no underwear, the exception being thigh-length stockings if you like. You should wear clothes that make the most of your best assets. For me that's boobs. You should also wear skirts or dresses, and have them as short as you dare. There's no point going without panties if there isn't a bit of a risk you'll show off your omission! If I were to walk into a room with three such girls, in such attire, the question wouldn't be when I can fuck, rather where to start!"

"What's your thought on pubic hair then?" Lucy asked. 

"Personally I love girls who shave completely, but if that's no good then it should be short and very neatly trimmed. I can't be doing with a bush, and I'll give you a couple of good reasons. First of all, I like to see where I'm putting myself, and secondly, I don't like getting pubes in my teeth when I go down on a girl."

This brought much giggling from the girls. They looked at each other and then nodded. Amy then said:

"Would you mind if we tried on some outfits and see what you think of them? Maybe you could give suggestions on how to improve them too?"

I readily agreed. Who wouldn't? And anyway they'd seen my cock, why shouldn't I get a bit of pleasure into the bargain. Then Amy asked me if I'd mind leaving the room so that they could change. When they were ready they'd call me back in to assess their attire. 

There was much giggling and frivolity from behind the door. Then one at a time they came past me in the hall and went into the bathroom for a good 10 minutes or so each. After what seemed like an eternity Amy stuck her head around the door and asked me to come in. 

I went in and they'd set up a barrier halfway into the room that was about neck high on them. All three of them were behind the screen. Amy asked me to sit on her sofa and then explained that they would come out one at a time for inspection. They asked me to be as honest as I could about what they were wearing and reminded me that the idea is that they wanted to be as slutty as possible for their boyfriends. Then she asked if I had a preference who came out first. I said not really, but for argument's sake let's start with Lucy. 

Lucy walked out and she was a vision of beauty. She'd redone her makeup to accentuate her blue eyes more. She had a white blouse on with a couple of buttons undone and a reasonably short pleated skirt and high heels. I could tell she was a little embarrassed. She needn't have been. She looked absolutely ravishing. Her legs looked even longer than before. She did a twirl. As she twirled her skirt raised a little showing off even more beautiful skin. I was starting to get hard again and was loving this, but decided to push the limits a bit and see how far these minxes would go with me. 

"You look absolutely amazing, Lucy," I said, "but if you really want to go for as slutty as possible there's some changes I reckon you should make. First of all, your skirt is great and I love the way it moves when you move, but you could really do with it being shorter. Could you get it so that the hem is literally just below your bum? That way you'll be close to flashing your chap all the time. He'll love it. Trust me! The other change I'd like is for you to undo all of the buttons on your blouse. It's tucked in to your skirt so that will keep things together just enough. You've got nice small breasts. That means you can be a lot more daring with your cleavage than your friends who have more upstairs."

Lucy looked at me and gave me a cheeky smile. She turned, winking, and retired behind the screen. There was a hive of activity and then she reappeared. She had done everything I asked! All the buttons on her blouse were undone showing lovely skin and a great toned tummy. Her skirt was incredibly short now too. She did another twirl for me and this time I could see her butt cheeks peeking out as she went around. I also got a good glimpse under her blouse and saw her nipples were sticking out loads. I guessed she must be getting horny! I told her she looked irresistible to which she winked again and then plonked herself on the sofa next to me. As she did so her blouse gaped open revealing her left breast completely. She made no attempt to cover herself again so I let myself get a good eyeful of her wonderful tit. There was barely and breast itself really, but her aureole was dark and her nipple stuck out a good half inch. I longed to suck on it.

Lucy must have read my mind because she leaned over and whispered "maybe later big boy!" and then crossed her legs seductively. 

My attention was then caught by some activity behind the screen. And then Sally appeared. If I thought Lucy looked sexy, Sally was something else! She had on a white dress that would have been reasonably chaste, except for the fact that it was semi-transparent. It was really figure-hugging and I could clearly see the outline of her breasts hanging free and unfettered beneath it. I could also clearly see her aureole and her nipples sticking out like little peas. I dragged my eyes down to check the rest of her out. The skirt part probably finished just above mid-thigh, but I could quite clearly see her red bush through the material. When she turned around I could see the shape of her cheeks pressing firmly into the material. I must have had my mouth wide open, gawping, because the next thing I knew Sally was leaning over and had her tongue in my mouth. It was just for a split second, but she tasted so good! Then she sat down on my other side, reached over and gave Lucy's exposed nipple a tweak. Lucy groaned quietly and smiled. 

Then Amy coughed from behind the screen. "My turn!" she said. And out she came. She was wearing stockings to just above the knee, and the smallest dress I think I have ever seen. It was probably one of those dresses that are intended for wearing over a top and jeans. But Amy was wearing it with nothing at all underneath. Her big boobs were really straining against the material. It was a battle that I had a clear favourite to win, that's for sure. As she turned around for inspection they wobbled beautifully under gravity's pull as well. The skirt part of the dress didn't even cover the bottom of her cheeks at the back and I got a fabulous view between her legs. It got better still when she bent over at the waste and touched her toes. I could see her wonderful pert bottom completely and he completely shaved pussy was there on display. She was glistening in her own juices. I couldn't help myself and reached out and gave her bottom a stroke. She giggled, and backed into my hand. 

She kept coming and eventually sat down in my lap. She rubbed herself hard against my now swollen penis and let out a satisfied sigh. She made no attempt at all to keep things down below covered up so I ran my fingers up and down her legs, getting closer and closer to her smooth mound. The closer I got the harder she ground herself into my crotch. Sally and Lucy were obviously enjoying the action too as they reached round and each released one of Amy's pert breasts from the tiny dress. They were stupendous. Really firm with big dark aureoles and terrific nipples that were standing to attention. Sally and Lucy got to work on their respective mammary, caressing and massaging, and it was clear they were driving Amy wild. She was arching her back and still grinding my cock. I decided it was time to let my hands finish their journey and slipped a couple of fingers into her sopping wet fanny. She screamed with pleasure as a massive orgasm overtook her. Her pussy walls clenched and clenched again against my fingers as I rubbed away at her. The climax lasted for ages and she obviously enjoyed it immensely. 

When she had recovered she got off my lap, which was soaked from her juices, and shrugged her tiny dress off completely, leaving her standing there in stockings and heels. She then knelt in front of Lucy and pushed Lucy's long legs apart, revealing yet another completely shaved pussy. Then Amy pulled the tails of Lucy's blouse out of the waste line to completely expose her other breast. Then she started planting kisses all over her chest. 

Whilst this was going on I suddenly felt a hand at my waste. I looked down to see Sally had started to unbutton my fly. I let her continue as I watched the show next to me. By now Lucy's blouse was completely off and her skirt was bunched around her waist. Amy had her head between Lucy's legs and was giving her cunt a proper seeing to. I reached over and started to caress Lucy's tiny tits. She felt so lovely. Then I felt Sally's hands on my shaft. She started stroking me gently and then I felt her lips around me as she slipped my cock into her mouth. She started to suck on me. It felt glorious. And the sounds Lucy was making on my other side as her pussy was being eaten out were driving me wild. I knew I wouldn't last long and decided to warn Sally. She made no response, just kept on going, and in a few short seconds I exploded sending spurt after spurt of salty cum into her divine mouth. At almost the same time Lucy climaxed next to me letting out a shriek and a long line of expletives. It sounded so hot! 

I lay back next to Lucy as we recovered from our pleasure. Amy finished undressing Lucy and Sally started to undress me. I saw a nice big damp patch on the back of her dress. When I was completely naked she climbed onto my lap and whispered into my ear: "My turn. I need you to fuck me hard. I need you to tear off my dress. I need your dick inside me. I need to cum with your cock filling me up. I need you to be rough with me."

I didn't need much encouragement really. My cock was already starting to get hard again, so I grabbed her dress at the neckline and started to rip it apart down the front. It wasn't easy, but I could tell from the encouragement from Sally that she was appreciating my efforts. I ripped the dress down to her waste and then paused to liberate her glorious rack with its milky white skin and pert nipples. I started to squeeze and rub her chest quite roughly and she responded in kind with groans of pleasure. After a little while I finished the job of tearing her dress off her to reveal her lovely red bush which she had trimmed perfectly. The area between her legs was slick with her own juices. I decided to try a bit of spanking and slapped her quite hard on her backside telling her she was so naughty for being turned on like this. The pleasure was so apparent on her face so I slapped her again. 

She groaned and told me to hit her in other places too. So I gave her breasts a slap. "I'm going to cum!" she screamed. "Don't stop being rough but I need your penis!" She shuffled forwards and plunged my dick into her sopping hole. She started bouncing up and down on me. Then Lucy came up behind her and started grabbing her tits really roughly and within seconds it was over. Sally gave a squeal that lasted for ages as her pleasure exploded through her body. She slipped off my cock and collapsed on the sofa. 

As soon as my penis was free Amy sat down in her place and lined me up for a good fucking. At the same time Lucy climbed up onto the sofa in such a way as I could lick her pussy and Amy could play with her bum. It wasn't long before the sounds of sex were permeating the air again. My dick felt very at home inside Amy's cunt. My tongue felt at home inside Lucy's. After a short while I could feel the pressure building in my balls. I'm sure Amy could sense it too as she started to milk me harder and harder with her glorious pussy. Just as I was about to climax I felt Amy's pussy clench tight around me as she let out a giggle of pleasure. This sent me over and my hot seed deposited itself inside her. At the same time Lucy collapsed with her own orgasm wracking her body. It was beautiful. 

After a short while we all collapsed in a heap and rested. Then I decided I had really best be getting back home to do some "work". So the young ladies helped me dress. Amy showed me to the door, still naked, and whispered to me by way of farewell:

"You know where to find me if you need any action." And she kissed me on the lips. I gave her one last look up and down and smiled as I walked out the door.