 Sonora

We got up early and unhitched the jeep after breakfast and drove downtown to see some of the sights of Houston. We didn't have much time as we decided to head for El Paso which was a long drive from Houston. When we finally got on the road and headed for El Paso it was noon and I told Cory that it would be much better to stop somewhere about halfway to El Paso for the night as it would take us until midnight or so to reach there in one day. As we drove, she checked the RV book and couldn't find anything this side of El Paso so we decided to drive about halfway and pull off the road, have dinner on board and spend the night there. We had enough water in the tanks and the batteries were fully charged so we shouldn't have any problems and she agreed. We passed a small town with a supermarket right off the road so we pulled in and Cory bought us a couple of steaks for dinner since she had everything else in the RV fridge.

About 6 pm, we reached Sonora and decided to look for a good place to pull off the road and park for the night. Just outside of town, I spotted a wide grassy opening where we could pull back off the road about a hundred feet which would cut down on the highway noise while we slept. I pulled as far back as I could and parked. We both took showers to freshen up and revitalize ourselves after the long drive and then slipped on tee shirts and shorts and I got the BarBQue off the rack in the back and got a nice fire going for the steaks. 

We opened the folding table and a couple of chairs and I set the table while Cory got the rest of the fixings ready. The steaks were delicious and the French fries and salad that Cory made were great with them. We decided to unhitch the jeep after we cleaned up after dinner and do some off road investigation of the country. When it started to get dark, we headed back to the RV and relaxed watching a tv program. Suddenly, I saw headlights approaching us from the road and looked out the window to see a State Police car pulling up alongside us. 

The trooper got out and knocked on our door. I opened it and asked him if everything was all right. "That's what I came to find out" he answered. "Are you people OK?" I told him everything was fine and he asked if he could please come in for a moment just to see for himself and I stepped aside to let him in. He was about my size but about 50 lbs heavier with big broad shoulders and a ruggedly handsome face. He seemed satisfied that we were OK and as he turned to leave, he caught sight of my Marine tee shirt that was laying over the back of the chair. 

"You in the Corps?" he asked and I told him that I'm an ex-Marine from the Ist Division in Desert Storm, and his face broke out in a big grin as he pumped my hand and told me he was with the 2nd Division in Iraq for 18 months. I'm always glad to meet a Marine and asked him if he'd like to sit down and talk about old times for awhile and he agreed and poured his huge frame into the sofa chair which I thought was going to split apart.

He told us that he was on his way home when he spotted our RV and stopped to see if everything was all right. I asked if he was married and he said, "Naw, I tried it for a couple of years but she split when I was sent to Iraq and I stayed single ever since. By the way, my name is Luke" We introduced ourselves and then talked about the Corps and how things went in our respective outfits and Cory got up every once in awhile to fuss with something because she was probably bored with our conversation. I noticed that every time she stood up his eyes were fastened to her body and especially her gorgeous ass which the shorts she was wearing showed off beautifully. 

Since he was off duty, I poured him a stiff drink and he accepted it eagerly. Cory asked him if he had a girlfriend and he told us that he's been seeing a cute waitress in town on and off for a while now but there was a shortage of eligible women since they seemed to take off for the big cities as soon as they were old enough. After a few drinks, he was very relaxed and when Cory got up to refresh our drinks, his eyes fastened on her butt and he licked his lips as he looked at me with a big grin. 

"Would you like to fuck her?" I asked and his jaw dropped open in surprise as he looked at me questioningly. 

"I'm serious. Would you like to fuck her?" I repeated and he blurted out, 

"Damn sure! But I just can't believe what you said!" 

"We enjoy threesomes with guys and we think you'd make a very capable partner, especially since you're an ex-Marine." I told him with a smile and Cory stood and asked to be excused a moment as she went back to the bedroom.

He was still a little flabbergasted and told me that he felt like he just won the lottery as Cory appeared totally naked except for high heels and approached him slowly swinging her hips sexily as she moved. She sat down on his lap and spread her legs as he reached up and cupped her breast in his hand and pulled lightly on her nipple. 

"I feel something getting hard! Are you getting an erection?" she asked with mock horror on her face 

He grinned as she got up and demanded he release his equipment from its confines as she wanted to do an inspection. 

"It better be spotless, Marine or you're going to have to sleep with your rifle tonight!" she barked in imitation of a drill sgt. 

He unzipped his fly and reached in and took out a huge, thick organ with a large sloped head and deep ridge all around. 

"Drop your hand, Marine", she commanded as she grasped the thick tool in her hand and continued her examination. 

"It looks fine but how does it taste?" she asked as she dipped her head and wrapped her lips around his crown and nursed on it a moment before lifting her head and announcing that it was in perfect condition and that she was going to recommend him for a medal. 

I started removing my clothes and told him to do the same so we could go back to the bed but he stopped me and said that before he undresses, he wanted to move his squad car behind our RV so it couldn't be seen from the road or some of his buddies might stop to check. When he came back, I was already naked and I noticed that his eyes fastened on my semi-erect cock for a moment before he started to take off his clothes.

We got into bed on either side of Cory and I told him to go right ahead and do anything he wished as I would enjoy watching the two of them for a while before I joined in. He leaned forward and soul kissed her while running his hands over her breasts and crotch and then sucked her nipples on his way down to her mound of pleasure. Cory spread her legs wide giving him complete access and he licked the insides of her thighs as he moved closer to her crotch. Then he buried his face in her cunt and moaned as he sucked her labia and drove his tongue into her vagina. I didn't want to spook him so I refrained from taking his gorgeous erection in my hand and just watched it and him as he sucked Cory. While he was busy sucking her crotch, his hand moved over and brushed against my erection and then grasped it in his hand as he started stroking it. 

That was all I needed! I moved down between his thighs and took his magnificent crown between my lips and started nursing on it. He moaned when my lips covered his organ and he started moving his hips in rhythm to my sucking. He must have been doing a good job on Cory because she was moaning and holding his head in her hands as she swiveled her hips. Then I heard her cry out in orgasm and knew he must be good because she usually doesn't cum this fast. 

I loved the flavor and texture of his penis and was enjoying myself immensely as I worked my mouth all over his organ and occasionally down to his big, full, tight balls. I was deep throating him when he came and had to back off a bit to keep from choking as he shot load after load down my throat. I swallowed every drop and sucked him strongly to get as much out of him as possible and when his last spasm passed and there was no more, I lifted my head to find him looking at me with a big smile of satisfaction on his face. 

"That was beautiful, buddy! Now I'd like to return the compliment." 

Cory told him to go right ahead and she would work on his cock to get it hard again so that he could fuck her and he moved between my thighs and rolled his body to the side so that Cory could get at him while he sucked my organ. He was good at cocksucking as well as pussy sucking and had me off on one high after another as he sucked my cock, balls and asshole in turn. Every once in a while, he would pull his mouth from my cock and look up at me and tell me how much he's enjoying my penis before going back to sending me to heaven again. In a few minutes, I felt my orgasm approaching and told him to get ready for a delicious drink. Then my penis swelled and jerked as it shot my juices into his hungry mouth and he swallowed each load while groaning in passion. He kept sucking the head of my cock long after my orgasm and then I heard Cory announce that he was hard again and she wanted it inside her right away. 

"Yes Maam!" he replied and got between her outstretched thighs and fit the bulbous head of his beautiful organ to her wet hole and pushed it inside smoothly to her gasps of pleasure. I watched them fuck as I rested against the headboard and encouraged Luke as he rammed into my wife's hungry pussy. 

"As soon as I get hard again, I want to slide my cock into that beautiful ass of yours, Luke. Would you like that?" 

He smiled at me as he stroked into Cory and told me that he wished that I was hard enough to fuck him right now. I told him that was impossible but that I would definitely do it as soon as I got hard and he nodded seriously and went back to screwing my wife. They came together and I thought the entire county heard them as they were so vocal. 

We sat around on the bed and drank some cold drinks as Luke told us about his sexual trysts with Carol, his waitress friend. As far as he knew, she was straight and probably would be shocked to know that he loved cock also so he never mentioned anything to her about it but everytime they had sex and he was buried deep inside her cunt, he fantasized to himself about having a thick cock to suck while he fucked her. 

"Now, of course, I've got plenty of jerkoff material to last me the rest of the year" he told us with a rueful smile. 

"I've become addicted to male sex on the internet and have cybersex with a couple of guys and one married bi couple at least once or twice a week." 

I told him we'd give him our email address so that he can have sex with us also when we get back home and he told us he'd probably drop in every night. 

"Now, if you don't mind, I'd like to try and get you hard so that you can live up to your promise and fuck me before the night is out" he said. 

I parted my thighs in answer and he and Cory got down and started playing with my cock and passing it back and forth with comments about it's flavor and texture. It wasn't too long before my penis rose to its full height and he smiled in satisfaction as he rose and got down on his hands and knees and lifted his beautiful ass high in the air for me. I fit the head to his puckered anus and rubbed some precum around it before pushing the crown inside as he gasped and told me how good I felt. Cory went around and spread her legs in front of him so that he could suck her pussy while I fucked him and he told us he was in heaven and never wanted to return. His anus felt wonderful as I stroked in and out and felt him tightening it around my shaft and I was lost in pleasure when Cory looked down and saw that he was hard as a rock again and asked him to please fuck her while I fucked him as that would be a terrific turn on for her. 

She worked her way under him while I continue stroking into him and when she captured his thick organ in her vagina, she matched her strokes with mine and the both of us fucked him into a complete stupor. He was babbling about he never wanted either of us to stop fucking him and he looked like he was in another world as we worked on him. It took forever for him to cum but when he did, it was worth waiting for as he lost himself completely. He filled Cory's pussy with his load and made her orgasm twice as he came. I waited for him to come down from his trip to Nirvana and slowly withdrew my penis from his tight asshole so that he could pull out of Cory and lay down to rest.

I told him that we were leaving for El Paso in the morning and asked if he would like to spend the night with us since we didn't know when we'd ever get together again. He thanked me for the invitation but warned us that he might wake us during the night as he went down on both of us and I told him that's the least of our worries. Since it was already late, we lay down to sleep in spoon fashion with him in the middle. Naturally we woke up a few times during the night to have sex. Once I awakened from a deep sleep where I dreamt I was being eaten, to find his mouth voraciously working on my erection and another time I awakened with his cock in my mouth as he sucked Cory to orgasm and then went back to sleep. 

We awoke as the sun streaked across the bed and I suggested that, as a goodbye fuck, he fucks Cory while I fuck him and that's exactly the way we wound up our session. Cory came, then he came and then I came and we sat down to a great breakfast after showering and getting dressed. 

He looked so proper and all powerful in his trooper uniform that it was hard to imagine what we did to each other all night. We said our goodbyes after eating and he headed back to the barracks to start his day tour of duty and we headed towards El Paso for yet another wonderful adventure….we hoped!