 "Stay right there and don't move. I'll get the door," I said, moving across our lamp lit bedroom toward the French doors.

Carl, my handsome husband, sat in a silky pair of boxers in the wingback next to the bed. A pink sash that I'd bought as a belt covered his eyes. I didn't want him to see what was happening too early or he might back out. He loved me and he'd assume that I'd done this just for him and feel guilty. Truth be told, I was doing it for me, too. 

I opened the door to see Charley, a brunette with flashing dark eyes. She looked just as I'd hoped. Beneath a black overcoat that hung open, she wore a black latex bustier, miniskirt, and shiny black thigh high boots. Her round, porcelain breasts stood in stark contrast to her dark, wet lips. She was so sexy that I couldn't wait for Carl to see her. 

"Hey. I'd hoped I was at the right place." She smiled and glanced into the room.

"Yeah, come on in."

We'd gone over the plan when I asked her to help a week ago. I didn't know if she'd show, since my contact with her had been conversations through a mutual guy-friend and one quick meeting. Luckily, she kept her word. 

Charley put her things on the table and turned toward me, sliding off her coat. She whispered, "Are you nervous?"

I giggled and stripped off the bathrobe hiding my own costume. "Yeah, a little."

"Charley?" Carl said.

"Hang on just a second, honey."

Charley smiled, moving close to me. "Boy is he gonna be surprised."

I breathed deep, taking in her sweet, musky perfume and nodded, trying not to stare at her enticing chest.

She glanced from me to her cleavage, and then back with a smile. "Where do you want to start?"

I glanced away, toward Charley. "Right here I guess."

Her hand immediately went to my breast, taking me by surprise. I glanced down to see her head bent to the swell of my breast. The sensation of her warm, damp tongue across my flesh made my flesh prickle. 

I'd hoped that I wouldn't freeze when it came to action, and I didn't. I raised my hand to her hair and grabbed a handful. When she glanced up, I pulled her lips to mine. 

Her lips were sticky and tender, brushing across mine playfully at first. Then, she pressed her tongue against mine, letting me savor the moment and the taste of cherry candy that lingered in her mouth. When she slipped her hands around my waist and opened her mouth to me, I released years of wonder and frustration in one lingering kiss.

"Hey, what's going on?" Carl said.

She broke the kiss, breathless and glowing. "Should we tell him?"

I nodded. "Carl, you can look now."

I watched him yank off the blindfold, still holding Charley close to me. I tried not to let her tongue caressing the side of my neck become a distraction and even managed a smile in his direction. "Happy Birthday, babe."

No sooner were the words out of my mouth, before Charley pulled me into another kiss. She pressed her mouth against mine and slipped her tongue in again. It floated across my lips softly, and then she probed it deeply so that it sent us both stumbling into the wall. She wanted it as bad as I did.

I let my tongue twist and turn with hers, enjoying the sense of her chest pressed hard against mine. As her delicate hands clasped my throat, I snaked the back of my boot up and around her leg.

She broke the kiss again, tracing her tongue down my chin, then to my breasts again. I ran my fingers through her velvety dark hair, enjoying the fantasy come true. 

She nipped at my skin with her teeth, and then leaned back. Her hands reached behind me, skillfully unzipping my skirt. I slanted forward as she wriggled it down my hips and let it drop to my feet. I'd thought ahead and didn't bother with panties.

"Turn around," I said.

When she did, I unfastened her skirt. She stepped back for me to take in the full view and turned toward me. Her smooth, honeyed skin allowed the skirt to slide off easier than mine, revealing her bare shaven twat. I wanted to reach out and touch it, to see if she was as wet as I was.

Biting my lip, I turned my attention to Carl. It was, after all, his birthday. He sat with his mouth slightly open, still in shock. I moved onto the bed and crawled close to him. "Carl, what do you want us to do?"

He laughed nervously. "Surprise me." 

Charley slipped onto the bed, then crawled over to me. "Why don't we just give him a show?"

"Okay." I let my hand glide up her thigh to her cunt. It was soft and moist. With two small rubs, my finger brushed her clit. "I think we can do that."

Her hands disappeared behind her back for a moment, then appeared again as the bustier fell away. Her breasts were flawless, nice, smooth mounds with delicate pinkish brown nipples. 

I grabbed the discarded clothing and tossed it off the bed. Making sure I kept our positions where Carl could watch, and careful not to poke him with my stiletto, I bent in front of her. I cupped her breast in one hand and ran my tongue flat across her nipple, licking it erect. 

Chills covered her flesh. Each time I flicked my tongue across her nipple, it spring back into place. When I swirled my tongue around it, her nails scraped across my scalp. With a fist full of my hair, she pulled my head to the other breast and pushed my mouth to that nipple. 

I opened my mouth, taking her in and sucking her softly. She moaned soft, dragging the other hand's nails along my back and making my muscles tightened. 

I pulled back so that I was on my knees in front of her. "Sit on the headboard." 

A quick glance at Carl and I could see his rock hard cock bulging out of his boxers. When he glanced from her to me, he smiled. 

I looked back to Charley, who leaned her head against the wall, and began to trace her hand over her breast in tempting circles. As the hand moved lower, she opened her eyes and stared down at me, spreading her boot-covered legs. Suddenly I was glad we'd forked out the cash for the heavy wooden furniture.

"Can I join?" Carl said.

"Sure. But you're not allowed to fuck her. "

I crawled over to Charley on all fours, sliding between her legs. I propped my elbows on her legs and pulled her open to see the full view of her soaked cunt. With one long lick from the bottom up, I took her syrupiness. When she groaned, I flattened my tongue and moved it slowly back and forth across her pink flesh. 

I navigated one hand down and slithered a finger inside her soaking channel. She gasped and grabbed the back of my head, pushing my face into her succulence. Taking my signal, I slipped another finger in, and began sucking, and then licking her in short spurts. When her body began to grind against me, I crooked my fingers, and rubbed for her g-spot. 

Charley said something but I wasn't sure what because she clamped her legs against my head. Her body began to jerk and she let out a long, lustful howl. I made another long lick across her flesh, then pulled out my juice-covered fingers. . 

When I moved, I realized that Carl was suckling her nipple. Charley's head was back and I could see her biting her bottom lip. Of course, I had a momentary pang of jealousy, but I couldn't blame him for wanting her.

When Charley opened her eyes, they locked on me. She pulled Carl's head away from her slowly, and then slinked across the bed toward me. When she got close enough, she reached out a hand and pushed me down onto the bed. 

Carl stroked himself and watched as she moved to her feet, dragging her hand along my leg. She straddled me so that her boots looked like they were pointing the way. When, she knelt I stared up at her drenched flesh and traced my fingers up the insides of her thighs. Playing one fingernail across her clit, I watched intently as her pussy moved and even took a quick lick at it. 

After she returned the favor by pulling my legs wide and running her tongue over me, I shivered and went to work. I ran my tongue up the length of her, then let it slip inside and back out as she massaged my pussy, her fingers teasing me with the idea of penetration. I moved to her button, licking it in long, unhurried lashes as she eased two fingers in and out, letting them rub across my button before sliding back in. 

Finally, she pulled away and slapped me on the hip. "Raise up your ass." 

I did, and she stuffed a pillow under me so that I was inclined slightly. When she began to rub that perfect spot again, I could hear her sucking Carl off. The sound of it made me want her more. 

I slipped two fingers into her again and moved my head to the side slightly so that I could see my husband with her. I watched her take him in deep, throaty strokes, deeper than I had managed in our years of marriage. My fingers thrust into her in the same rhythm that he fucked her mouth. 

When he looked like he was about to pop, she pulled him out of her mouth and motioned toward me. She ran her fingernails over me leisurely as Carl guided his dick in. He was hard, harder than he'd been in a long time, and this time he didn't take his time. He grabbed my legs for leverage and plunged deep with a grunt, filling me. 

Charley's tongue was on me, licking what she could reach, and rubbing the space were his cock met my spreading flesh. I tried to finger her in rhythm, but I was too close to orgasm to concentrate, and she rotated her hips against my hand in circles. 

I pushed my hips hard against them both, riding the cadence they'd set. My body tensed around him and I swiveled my hips so that he found the right spot.

"Oh, that's it," I yelled.

I felt him thrust hard and burst into me. I spasmed against his twitching cock, pushing his fluid out onto us in spurts. 

"Damn," Carl moaned.

As I calmed, I watched Charley stroking her breasts. She rode my hand and moaned, her body tightening around my fingers at irregular intervals. At last, she leaned back, grinding hard against me and let out a resonant, throaty sound.

They collapsed onto the bed, her to my left and Carl to my right. She pressed in beside me, her wet skin against my hip and he wrapped an arm around both of us. 

"That was some kinda birthday present," Carl said.

"I know," Charley and I said at the same time, then giggled. 

"We should do this again some time," she added, giving me a quick, soft kiss.

"Definitely," I said and laughed. "My birthday's next month."

-end-