 El Paso

We pulled into the RV grounds outside of El Paso early, after an uneventful and fast drive and Cory decided that, as long as it was so early, she would go to have her nails done and a few other things and asked the girl at the office desk if there was a beauty shop nearby. She was told about one only a few miles away and called them on our cell and got an appointment so I unhitched the jeep and she took off telling me she'd be back in a couple of hours. I parked the RV in its spot and hooked up everything and took a shower and watched a ballgame on TV. About 6:30, I heard the jeep pull up outside and Cory came in with a big grin on her face. 

"I got us a dinner date with a couple and some play time afterwards." she announced proudly. 

"How did all this come about?" I asked 

and she proceeded to tell me that the beautician, Bette, was a talker and seemed to love talking about everything, including sex, and from the things she said, Cory got the impression that she was bi. She wasn't any beauty but was very earthy and very sexy and had a fabulous body and the vibes between them were good. When she heard we were from New York, she flipped out as they have always wanted to visit there and asked if we would like to have dinner with she and her husband. 

Cory told her very frankly that we weren't interested in just going to dinner with a couple that we were looking for much more in the way of entertainment and Bette picked up on it immediately. Cory told her that we are bisexual and are looking for like minded people to spend our time with and Bette told her that it was no problem as far as she was concerned but it might be with her husband. He always fantasized about her having sex with another woman when they had sex but never brought up another guy. Cory told her that if he went along with watching her with another woman, she had a plan to turn him bi so Bette shouldn't mention anything to him about that part of it. 

Bette was sure he would go along with making his fantasy come true so they decided to go to dinner and see how things progressed from there. The plans were that Bette and Paul would pick them up at the front office at 8 pm and they would go to a great steak house they knew a short distance away. Bette had told her that she had to get a babysitter as she had two youngsters at home but that wouldn't be a problem and, if they decided to go further, they would have to go back to Cory's place after dinner as their house is out of the question because of the kids.

Cory got showered and dressed and we went out to the front office just before 8 to find Bette and her husband waiting for us in their car. They got out as we approached and the first thing I saw was a great pair of legs and a flash of thigh as she got out of the car. She was not a beauty as Cory said but was attractive and very earthy and did have what looked like a fabulous body. Paul was about 5'10", stocky with all American good looks and a winning smile. We shook hands and the vibes were good with both of them. 

We piled into their car and headed for the restaurant with Bette giving us a blow by blow account of how she finally located a babysitter after finding out that her regular sitter was in bed sick. We pulled into the restaurant driveway and the valet took the car as we went inside and were shown to our table by a very attractive hostess. Bette had called for reservations earlier and told us that it was a very popular restaurant and she was glad they got a table so easily at virtually the last minute. 

What I liked immediately about Bette was that she didn't pull any punches and was very frank in anything she said, which I appreciate. During dinner, she mentioned that she had told Paul that we would going back to our place after dinner for a foursome, if we all decided on going ahead with it, and that he had agreed to it mainly because he wanted to see her with Cory. 

"That was before I saw Cory!" he interjected. "Now I'm looking forward to after dinner for more than just that!" he said with a grin. 

We asked them about their sex life in El Paso and they told us that it was very quiet. All their desires were acted out in fantasies when they had sex and the most they did was have some internet sex with anonymous couples on occasion. Cory asked Bette if she ever had an experience with another gal and Bette told us about her roommate at college which ended when she went back to England after graduation. 

"I always tell Paul about my experiences with her because it turns me on so much and he goes wild when he hears about it, especially while we're having sex" she related. 

Paul told us that he's hard right now just hearing her talk about it and Cory smiled at him and told him that he's going to really go wild later when he sees the two of them together.  We had just finished coffee and Paul asked, with a smile, if we could pay the check and leave before he has an accident in the restaurant so we asked for the bill, split it and headed out the door.

I directed him to our RV and when we showed them inside they were both impressed with the room and conveniences. I poured some drinks and we sat around and talked about our trip for a while until Cory impatiently broke in and said, 

"I don't know about you guys but Bette and I want to get at each other something fierce so, if you don't mind we're going to retire to the bedroom where you are both invited to join us and watch providing you're both good boys!" and with that, she took Bette's hand and led her to the back room. 

I looked at Paul with a smile and told him that I wouldn't miss this for all the tea in China and he agreed and followed me inside. The two girls were undressing each other and excitedly running their hands over each other's bodies as they exposed their flesh. When they were naked, Cory took her in her arms and they soul kissed as they tweaked each other's nipples. 

Paul was looking on in total rapture and I suggested, with a smile that we undress also so that he doesn't have an accident in his clothes and he followed my lead. I was interested in what the girls were doing also but when he turned and I saw his thick, hard penis, I was more interested in that but forced myself to pull my eyes away towards the girls since I didn't want to spook him at that point. We sat down on the end of the bed and I noticed that his crown was covered in precum which was oozing out continuously as his eyes were fixed on his wife and Cory. 

Cory and Bette were lying on their sides resting their heads on each other's thighs as they kissed and licked their labia's. Both were moaning in passion as they lost themselves in what they were doing and I noticed Paul's hand grasp his organ and start slowly stroking it as he watched in rapture. I started playing with my cock also and was hoping he'd reach over and take it in his hand but that was not to be so we played with ourselves as we watched the sexy spectacle. 

"I always thought it would be hot but I never dreamed it would be this hot" he said to me as his eyes fixated on his wife's tongue flicking around in Cory's crotch. 

Just then, Bette's muffled groan could be heard as she experienced orgasm and then lifted her head and told Cory how fabulous it was. 

"It was 10 times better than what I remember with my roommate!" she told her and Cory pulled her mouth from the delicious crotch and told her to look over at Paul and I who were sitting there with throbbing erections from their show. 

"Paul, come over here and lay down on your back. I want to taste your organ" she said and when he did so, she told Bette to face the action and lower her cunt to his mouth so he could have something to suck also while she enjoyed herself. 

She got down between his thighs and started licking and nursing on his thick, swollen crown, which was still oozing gobs of precum. As soon as Bette was settled down feeding him her crotch to suck so that he couldn't see anything, she motioned me over to suck his organ and we smoothly switched mouths so that he never noticed anything. As soon as I took that thick, smooth crown between my lips, I knew that I was going to enjoy this. His precum tasted like sweet nectar and was continuously oozing onto my tongue as I nursed on his cockhead. After some time of feeding on his nectar, I started deep throating him and felt a sense of total rapture when I had his thickness deep down my throat. He began lifting his hips and fucking my mouth and I heard his breathing get heavy as he sucked his wife's pussy and then I felt his cock swell and start gushing ropes of cum into my waiting mouth. 

I swallowed each load and sucked deeply on the smooth pole to get more until finally his last spasm ended and he lay there like he was out cold for a minute. Then he lifted Bette off his face as he started to say, 

"Cory, that was a fantastic blowjob!" and then looked down to see me licking my lips with a big grin on my face. 

He was flabbergasted and didn't know what to say for a minute. Then he looked up at Bette and said, 

"You knew all the time that it was him and you never said a word!" 

She smiled and told him that he was having such a good time that she didn't want to upset the applecart. 

"I never realized a guy could suck so well" he said. "It felt fabulous and I loved every minute of it!" 

Bette was still fingering her clit as she asked him if he would like to try it also and he thought for a moment and said, 

"I guess I should return the compliment although I probably won't be as good as him since it will be my first time and I don't even know if I can do it!" 

Cory told him that there's a first time for everything and that he'll probably enjoy it since I have an absolutely delicious cock. He smiled ruefully and asked me to let him know before I cum as he's not sure if he can swallow it and, as I lay back on the bed he got into position and looked almost fearfully at my towering, thick erection. He grasped the shaft in his hand and told us that it felt good as he guided the crown to his mouth and covered it with his lips. Bette let out a gasp and said it was the sexiest thing she has ever seen and asked him to continue as she was getting hot all over again. 

He was nursing on my crown and I was feeding him my precum which he seemed to enjoy as he kept sucking more and more out of me. Then he started to take more and more of my cock down his throat and Cory leaned over and told him to relax his throat muscles and he'd be able to get more of me down and he did so and grunted his thanks as another inch slid down and he began to moan as he swallowed around my shaft. 

Cory was playing with his cock as he sucked me to keep him nice and horny and he seemed to be right at home as he bobbed his head up and down on my shaft and groaned in passion. He was doing a good job on me and I started to feel my orgasm approaching so I told him but it didn't seem to make any difference as he kept sucking deeply while cupping my full balls in his hand. Then my penis started spurting cum and he gulped down each load as I fed it to him and kept moaning in passion all through it. 

He kept sucking me long after my last spasm passed and finally lifted his head with a dazed look in his eyes as he smiled and told one and all that he loved my cock. We all laughed and congratulated him on losing his virginity as Cory got up and went inside to get us some refreshing drinks. Bette kissed him full on the lips and told him that she had never loved him more than right now and they sat back against the headboard as Cory came in with the drinks. 

As we relaxed, we talked about bisexuality and we told him that it opens all sorts of wonderful possibilities since they can now have threesomes with guys, gals and foursomes or moresomes with couples. Bette mentioned that one of her beauticians was gay but she didn't know if she was bi and would try and find out now because she was a looker and would make a great sex partner. Paul mentioned that he had no idea of how to go about finding out if any his coworkers were bi and that he had to find a way since he just found out that he loved cock and that it turned Bette on so much, he wanted more. He asked us when we were leaving town and when we told him that we had planned on leaving tomorrow, he asked if we could stay one more day since he was off work for a couple of days and wanted to suck my cock again tomorrow. 

He said it with such longing that we looked at each other and nodded in agreement telling them that we would be happy to stay another day. Bette clapped her hands in glee and told us that she would drop her kids off at her mother's and have them stay overnight which would thrill her parents anyway and we could stay at their house for the night and leave from there next morning. I asked Paul if he had room for the RV on his property and he told us that we could park it in the driveway alongside the house as there was plenty of room there. Then he suggested that he would come over for us in the morning and we could follow him back to their place and then they'd take us out for the day and show us the sights of El Paso before we came back to spend the night playing and we heartily agreed. 

When Bette looked at the time, she gulped and said that they had to leave since their sitter had school in the morning and it was already midnight. They quickly dressed and before leaving, Paul told us to call him in the morning when we get up and he'll come over to get us. As soon as they left, Cory grasped me by my flaccid penis and dragged me to bed as she asked how it felt to have taken a guy's virginity. As we discussed the evening and I told her how much I enjoyed his cock, she pulled me into her and we fucked ourselves to sleep.

We awoke about 8 am and I called Paul and told him we'd be ready to leave around 10 and we started showering, getting dressed and having breakfast. I went over to the office and checked out and we were ready and waiting when Paul pulled up on the dot of ten. We followed him to his place and I parked the RV and we went inside just as Bette drove up. She had just dropped the kids off at her mother's and we got into Paul's car as he told us that they were going to show us some of the sights in town and then drive us to Las Cruces, NM which was a short distance away where we could see the quarter horse races and have an early dinner afterwards before heading back to their place. 

"Sounds like a plan." I said and we headed downtown.  

After a few hours of sightseeing, we headed for Las Cruces and arrived at the track in time for the third race of a nine race card. Quarter horses are not thoroughbreds by any means but the races were exciting and Bette and I managed to come out $50 winners while Cory and Paul lost a few dollars. 

They took us to an upscale Tex Mex restaurant in town and we had a delicious dinner and were on our way back to El Paso by 7 pm and the conversation turned to sex as we got closer to their house. Bette was telling Paul that she couldn't wait to see him suck me off again and was getting wet just thinking about it. Cory told her that she still gets wet at the thought of me sucking cock as well as being sucked by a guy and that she can look forward to getting horny, even at the thought, for many years since she still feels that way after a number of years. 

Paul interjected by telling her that he almost had an orgasm watching her suck Cory and can't wait to see her do it again tonight. Bette excitedly mentioned that we would sleeping over tonight and we would have all night to play and Cory told her that she had a few new wrinkles to add to the mix but that she won't disclose them until we get home. Paul asked if Cory and Bette could start things off by putting on a show for them and Bette agreed providing he and I put on a show for them right afterwards and he looked at me and smiled and nodded in agreement when he saw my smile.

We pulled into their driveway and Cory stopped in to the RV to pick up something while we went inside. Bette got us drinks and then Paul asked me if we liked to smoke since he had a very nice stash. I told him that we'd love to try it and that Cory particularly loves it since it makes her even more horny than she usually is. He brought out some joints just as Cory returned and when she saw them she flipped. 

"That's the perfect formula for a great time tonight! So thoughtful of you, Paul" and we sat down in the living room as he lit up and passed it around. 

It was very good grass and in a matter of a few minutes we were all feeling very relaxed and very horny. I looked at Cory and asked, 

"Are you ready to go on, my dear? Your audience awaits!" 

She smiled and stood up and started to remove her clothes in time to the music playing in the background. She motioned Bette to do the same and the two of them started to reveal their gorgeous and sexy flesh as Paul and I sat and watched.

When they were both nude, they walked up to each other and kissed as they ran their hands over their bodies. Cory bent over to take one of Bette's large, erect nipples in her mouth as Bette tweaked the other one and I noticed the bulge growing in Paul's pants so I suggested that we take off our clothes also. When we were naked we sat back down on the couch and watched Bette drop to her knees and bury her face in Cory's crotch as Cory threw her head back and sighed in contentment. I reached over and grasped Paul's beautiful erection and ran my thumb over his crown as I told him how much I admired his wife's gorgeous body. He took my cue and put his warm hand around my shaft as he told me the same about Cory. 

Cory had pulled Bette to her feet and had her lie down on the carpet in front of us on her back on an angle so that we could watch as she licked her from her toes, up her legs, along the insides of her thighs and finally to her sweet crotch which was pulsating in passion by then. She showed us the inner labia which were swollen and parted revealing the delicious looking pink vaginal opening just underneath and then took each lip in her mouth and nibbled on it before sliding her tongue into the hole, as Bette gasped, and tasting her juices which were copious by then. 

Paul leaned over and took my cockhead in his mouth but I told him to stop since we were next and I didn't want him to make me cum before our show for the girls so he ruefully sat up and resumed playing with my organ as I did his. Bette had asked Cory to swing around so that she could get at her crotch also and the two of them were lost pleasuring each other with Cory on top. Cory's ass was facing us and her sexy asshole was in our direct line of sight. Paul was looking at it as he asked me if she likes being fucked in the ass because she has one gorgeous anal opening. I told him that she absolutely loves it and sometimes only wants his cock in her ass. He told me that he would love to slide his penis in that hole and I told him that I would do the honors later and guide it in for him if he likes. 

By this time both gals were driving each other wild and were very close to orgasm as both were fucking each other's mouth and sliding fingers in their assholes. Bette was the first to reach orgasm and we watched as she lifted her hips and pushed her cunt into Cory's mouth and started to shake as she fed her juices to Cory's hungry mouth. A minute later, Cory went into orgasm also and Bette was gurgling in passion as she drank the nectar that was flowing down Cory's passage. When they finally calmed down, Cory lifted her head from the delicious crotch and looked at us with a big smile asking whether we enjoyed the show even half as much as she did. When she saw our throbbing erections and glazed expressions, she had her answer and stood up and helped Bette to her feet as she told her to take a seat since the next act was about to begin.
