 Phoenix

I had called Rocky when we left El Paso and told him approximately when we would be arriving in Phoenix and he had given me instructions on how to get to his place as we would be staying with him. Rocky was an old buddy of mine from the Marines who had served with me in Desert Storm and was the one ultimately responsible for my bisexuality. At least, he was the one who brought it out of me. It happened in Iraq, or more accurately, Saudi Arabia when we were sent down there to pick up some much needed supplies for our outfit. 

We were in Buraydah at the supply depot and managed to get a two day leave while they were assembling the supplies we needed. We went to a hotel in town and after dinner went back to our room and were watching some Arabic programming, which we didn't understand, while lying in bed in our shorts. I happened to glance over at his bed and noticed that he had a huge hardon and was playing with it while watching the TV. He saw me look over and asked if I was as horny as he was and, if so, to take mine out also and play with it since we probably won't have another chance like this for a long time. 

I was horny as hell also after not having any sex for so long and figured why the hell not. It was also exciting to watch him stroking and so I pulled mine out of my shorts and started stroking it also as Rocky started telling me about how sexy his wife was and all the things she liked him to do to her. One thing led to another and soon he was sitting on my bed naked with his gorgeous erection looking right at me as he asked if he could touch my cock. I was pretty horny by then and nodded as he grasped my thick penis in his hand and from that moment on, I was lost. 

We wound up sucking each other off practically all night and most of the next day and then he asked me to fuck him which turned out to be fantastic also so I let him fuck me and we spent our last night of liberty having fabulous sex. We never had the chance to do it again as he was wounded and sent back to the states for rehab after a long hospital stay in Germany but kept in touch via mail and email and promised that we would get together again sometime. I had told Cory all about him and she was looking forward to meeting the guy who brought me to my senses. 

Rocky got a divorce soon after returning home to Michigan when he found out that his wife was fucking half the guys in town. He moved out west and started up a strip club in Phoenix and now owned three of them in the area. He told me he was doing well but when we pulled up to his home, we realized that he must be doing quite well since it was a huge, ranch style house with at least 50 acres of property around it. I had wondered whether he would have room for our RV and now saw that I could have brought an army of RV's and he would have plenty of room for them. He heard us approaching and came out the front door with a big grin on his handsome face. 

He was a big guy with broad shoulders and a small waist and a winning smile and came over to the RV as soon as I stopped and opened the door and helped Cory out as he gave her a big hug in greeting. "So this is your woman! She's absolutely gorgeous you lucky dog!" and then came over and wrapped his arms around me in greeting as he mentioned that it's been too long since we last saw each other. He showed us inside and asked if we would like to clean up since he wanted to take us to dinner so we got some clothes out of the RV and went to our room and showered and dressed.

He drove us into town to a very nice restaurant that served excellent continental food and we caught up on old times telling stories that Cory had never heard before and that had her howling in laughter. When we were having coffee, he asked us what we would like to do now and I looked at him with a coy smile and asked him if that question was really necessary as I looked at Cory who was also smiling. He told us that he couldn't wait either but that he had to stop at one of his locations for just a few minutes before we headed home which would give us a chance to see at least one of his clubs. We left without paying the check and when I looked at him questioningly, he told me not to worry that he has a regular tab there. We pulled into the parking lot of his club "The Boondocks" and were surprised to see a very nicely decorated interior which was tastefully furnished and very appealing. 

There was a large runway completely around a free form bar where about five sensationally built young ladies were displaying their naked bodies for the patrons who were composed of mostly couples and single guys in addition to a few groups of gals. He told us he would be only a minute and we stood at the entrance to the main room watching the girls dance and have dollar bills slipped into their garters and garter belts by the patrons sitting at the bar. True to his word, he came back a few minutes later and asked if we liked his dancers and Cory told him that the blonde nearest us was an absolute knockout although all of them were gorgeous. He thanked her for her appraisal and suggested that we get the show on the road as he couldn't wait to get home. 

"After all, I've been waiting a long time to get at your husband again." he said as we got into his car.

When we got back to his place, he dimmed the lights, put on some cool jazz music and asked if we would like to join him in some really good grass to help get us in the mood. We sat around and had a few hits as Rocky told Cory about our 2 day leave in Saudi Arabia and how much he enjoyed it. 

"I've been thinking about it ever since and really can't wait to get at you, buddy" he said to me. 

We were all pretty relaxed by then as the grass was taking effect and Cory suggested that the two of us undress and put on a show for her as she had been looking forward to this for a long time. Rocky stood up without hesitation and started taking off his clothes as he looked at Cory and said,

"This is going to be even better with you watching! That's something we didn't have the last time we got together." 

I was naked about the same time as he and when we turned to face each other we both stared at our cocks which were rapidly getting hard and he smiled as he told me that my organ was even more beautiful than he remembered it and I told him the same as my eyes were riveted to his magnificent penis. 

"Have you ever seen a more beautiful penis?" I asked Cory and she nodded her head in agreement as she stood up and removed her panties to get ready for the show. 

Rocky and I approached each other like in a trance and reached for our thick erections at the same time. When my hand closed over his shaft, it brought back memories of our last encounter and I couldn't wait to take it in my mouth. His hand grasped my thick organ and he whispered in my ear that he couldn't wait to suck me so I lay down on the thick carpet and drew him down to me in a 69 position on our sides and rested my head on his thigh as I gazed at the organ that opened my eyes to bisexuality. His penis was about 8" long and very thick with a large, smooth crown and deep slit in the tip and I started running my fingers over it from the base up to the tip as he did the same to me. 

Then I leaned forward and ran my tongue over his balls and up to the base of his thick shaft and closed my eyes for a moment at the fabulous sensation of his lips around my crown. I heard Cory tell us that we looked beautiful together just as my tongue reached his cockhead and I found a large drop of precum sitting in his deep slit. I licked it off deftly and found it every bit as delicious as I remembered it and I started nursing on his crown and feeding on the nectar he was creating for me while he sucked deeply on my cock and groaned in passion as he did so. 

As I nursed on his crown and sucked up his precum, I looked over at Cory and saw her sitting on the couch totally naked with her hand on her pussy playing with her clit as she watched us in fascination. Rocky was driving me wild as he deep throated my organ and played with my balls and the two of us got lost in each other and went off on one high after another as we lovingly sucked each other's throbbing cocks. Then, all of a sudden, I felt his cock swell and start shooting gobs of hot cum onto my tongue which I found as delicious as I remembered and swallowed in one gulp after another. As I lost myself in drinking his cum, my penis exploded deep down his throat and began spurting my juices into his voracious mouth which he swallowed as he sucked deeply on my organ for more. 

We lay there with our cocks still in each other's mouth and our heads resting on our thighs as we heard Cory cry out in orgasm and looked over to see her face screwed up in ecstasy as she shoved three fingers deep inside her cunt and shook in one spasm after another. When she calmed down, she looked at us and said, 

"That was fantastic! You two made it look so good that I can't wait to suck both your cocks" and she removed her fingers from her cunt and we saw her petal like labia open wide revealing her pink insides. 

Rocky suggested that we relax and have a drink and another couple of hits and then he was going to taste Cory and see if she tasted as good as she looked. She smiled and told him that she hopes he likes her flavor as much as he seemed to enjoy mine and he told her that since we're family, it has to be good and went over to the bar and poured us some drinks. When he came back, Cory patted the seat between us and asked him to sit down. He lit up a joint and passed it and Cory got down between his legs and started getting acquainted with his beautiful equipment as he told me how much he enjoyed sucking me again. 

After a moment or so, Cory lifted her mouth from his organ and told me that she can see why I always talk about him as he's absolutely delicious and went right back to sucking him again. I told her to wait until he gets really hard and she'll see why I could never forget my first cock. Roger was idly playing with my flaccid organ as he told me about his business and how great it was for sex. 

"I never lack for good sex whether it be a gal or guy and I have my pick of the crop at any of my joints." he told us.

Cory pulled her mouth from his cock and asked, "Even that gorgeous blonde that was on the stage before?" 

He smiled and told us that she's usually in his bed about once or twice a week. 

"Would you have her over sometime before we leave? I would love to have a go at her" she asked him. 

"Absolutely", he told her. "When do you guys plan on leaving?" 

I told him we figured we'd stay a few days and then push on to Vegas so he said that he'd have her join us tomorrow night since it's her day off and Cory clapped her hands in delight. 

Rocky talked about his failed marriage and said he was happier now than he ever was and has all the variety one could hope for. I reminded him about all the times he told me about his wife when we were in Iraq and how much he was looking forward to sex with her when he got back and he smiled ruefully and told us that it was all just like a bad dream. He told me about all the times we were out on patrol or waiting at checkpoints when he wanted to take me aside and suck my cock after that first time in Saudi Arabia and I told him that it was all I thought about for the rest of my rotation. 

I told him that he opened a whole new world for me and thanked him for it as my sex life has been doubly good ever since. Cory told him that I've told her about our first encounter many times while we were having sex and that she's had a few good orgasms from it also and that she wants to thank him also since he widened her horizons also. 

"Now I want to taste the other member of the family, so I would appreciate it if you would serve me that delicious looking desert right now" he said to Cory and she smiled and spread her legs giving him access to her crotch. 

He got down on his knees in front of her and began licking the insides of her thighs as he worked his way towards her pussy. I decided to have some desert of my own while he was so occupied and lay down on my back underneath him and began licking and sucking his balls and beautiful cock which was hanging down semi erect and looking so very suckable. He had Cory groaning and gasping in a short while and when I heard his moans each time I drew deeply on his now fully erect penis, it was like music to my ears. After Cory's second massive orgasm, she asked him if he would like to fuck me as she would love to watch that and he lifted his head from her cunt and said, 

"Your wish is my command, Madame" as he rose and suggested that we retire to his bedroom where we would be more comfortable. 

When we got inside, he asked me to get on all fours on the bed and positioned us so that Cory had a good view. Then he rubbed the head of his cock over my anus and deposited some of his precum on it before pushing the head inside as I gasped in pleasure at the feel of his thick crown inside my ass. Cory remarked that it was a wonder that his cock fit so easily in my tight hole but then reminded herself that her dildo had played a hand in making me so receptive to large organs. Then she sat up and told Rocky to continue what he was doing that she had to go out to the RV and get something and would be right back. 

He had no intention of stopping as he was stroking smoothly in and out of my anus and holding me by the hips as he gasped in pleasure whenever I tightened my ass around his thickness. Cory came back a few minutes later and leaned over and asked Rocky if she could please fuck him while he fucked me and he smiled at her and asked how could he refuse such a beautiful lady? 

She slipped one end of the strap on into her cunt and fastened the strap around her waist and put a dab of KY on his anal opening before fitting the tip of the massive dildo to his hole and sliding it inside smoothly. He gasped as the thickness entered him and then started to push back to get more as she worked it deeper inside. His cock felt wonderful inside me and I was moving my ass around as I milked his pole by contracting around his shaft. I heard my wife start moaning as the dildo massaged her clit on each downstroke and the three of us were moaning together as we fucked and experienced wonderful sensations. Rocky was leaning on my back as he fucked me and told me that he was looking forward to fucking Cory also as he assumed she would be as good as I. 

I told him that he could pick any of her holes and that he would have a great time as she's a great lover and she grunted in appreciation as she shoved the plastic cock deep inside his ass and moaned from the clitoral stimulation. It wasn't long before she came with loud cries and much gasping and then Rocky told me that he was nowhere near cumming yet and would I like to fuck him for a while. 

I really didn't want him to pull his gorgeous cock out of me but the thought of sliding my cock into his tight ass brought back a flood of memories and I got up eagerly and as soon as he showed me his tight anus, I rubbed the copious amount of precum that was flowing from my penis because of his fucking, into his anal opening and pushed the head inside to his gasp of pleasure as he told me how good my cock feels in comparison to the dildo that Cory had inside him a moment ago. He started a running documentary on how good my cock felt as I moved it around in his tight orifice and how wonderful and alive it feels compared to the dildo. When I was deep seated in his ass and was pressed tightly against his full ass cheeks, Cory told me, in a hoarse, sexy tone, that she was going to slide the dildo into my ass so I should hold still while she works it inside. She pushed the lubed head into my anus and I had to gasp as the thick pole filled my ass. 

Rocky asked me how it felt to have Cory fuck me while I was fucking him and I told him that heaven couldn't be any better than this unless it was a real cock in his ass. Each time I thrust deep into his ass, Cory was pulling the dildo out to the ridge around the head and then plunging back in when I moved my cock back to the crown. The three of us were panting and moaning in pleasure as we fucked and then Cory started moving the dildo in and out quickly as it was rubbing against her clitoris and stimulating her to orgasm. She grasped me around the waist and held my hips tightly as she shook violently in orgasmic joy and experience beautiful release. 

She kept the dildo inside me as I continued fucking my beautiful Rocky and the two of us were breathing heavily as we took each up on wonderful highs. I reached around, as I buried my cock deep inside him and held it there, to grasp his throbbing erection in my hand and stroke it while I moved my organ slightly back and forth inside his tight hole. Then, almost without warning, my penis started shooting ropes of cum into his ass and when he felt the splashes, I felt his cock swell and then start spurting hot cum into my hand and I continued milking it until both of us were totally spent. I rested on his comfortable body until we both came down and then, as Cory slowly withdrew the dildo from my ass, I let mine slide out of his which was soon followed by a stream of cum until he lay back and we rested side by side. 

"I want to tell you, buddy, fucking you again was even better than the first time and the same goes for your gorgeous penis inside me!" I had to tell him as I had just experienced the best man to man sex I've had in a long time. Rocky really turned me on from the very beginning years ago and still does. 

"What say we grab a little sleep since I have plans for the day tomorrow" he said and I asked if he had to work or what and he told me that he was going to take us out for the day and show us the fabulous sights in the area and wanted to leave by 10. 

We liked the idea and thanked him for being so thoughtful as we all hopped into bed and promptly fell asleep with pleasant thoughts about the events of the night and the possibilities of tomorrow. 

We awoke to brilliant sunshine and Cory's request for cock was politely refused by Rocky who told us that once we get started with sex, we'll never get out to see anything so we showered, got dressed, had breakfast and were on the road by 10. Rocky drove us about 10 miles out of town and, as we came through a large grove of trees, we saw brilliantly colored hot air balloons anchored to the ground just ahead of us. Rocky told us that he made a special reservation for us to see the entire Phoenix area by balloon for about three hours and we were thrilled. Neither of us had ever been up in a balloon and the thought was exciting. 

We spent 3 hours, which seemed to pass in a second, overlooking the scenic wonders around Phoenix. We crossed part of the Sonoran Desert and saw Camelback Mountain from a distance. We soared over some of the Salt River Indian Reservation and saw McDowell Mountain just behind it. We loved every minute of the flight and were sorry when we had to land. Rocky drove us through Scottsdale on our way to downtown Phoenix where he showed us some of the major buildings and areas before we headed back to his place to freshen up for dinner about 5 pm. 

Cory asked where we were going for dinner and Rocky told her that he was taking us to a great Tex-Mex place and Danee would be meeting us there. "Is Danee the gorgeous blonde dancer?" Cory asked and when told she was right, she squealed in delight and walked over and gave him a big hug and kiss for his thoughtfulness. I thought it was great also as she was one hell of a sexy gal with a body that I would love to enjoy as much as Cory. 

When we got to Charo's, Danee was waiting for us at the bar and one look at her had my cock stirring at the thought of having her later. She was even more beautiful up close and had a terrific personality that won us over immediately. All through dinner, she entertained us with her stories and showed her intelligence and knowledge in many areas. She was a student at the University of Phoenix majoring in psychology and was dancing to earn the money for tuition and room and board since she was from out of state. We were discussing everything from foreign relations to NASA when I broke in and suggested that we change the subject and talk about hot sex since we planned on that for later and it would help get us in the mood. Danee was all for it and asked me whether I liked man sex better than girl sex. I told her that it really depended upon the person as I liked both equally as well and she smiled and told us that she felt the same way. 
