 Las Vegas

The roads were clear all the way and we pulled into the RV area in North Las Vegas around 5 and decided to shower, get dressed and drive into town and do a little gambling before dinner. We unhooked the jeep and on the way down to the strip both of us decided that we would like to see the Bellagio after discussing a few other hotels. About 20 minutes later we pulled into the parking lot and went into the magnificent casino. Not being heavy gamblers, we looked around the casino for some $5 minimum blackjack tables and saw that there were only a couple and they had a lot of people waiting for seats so we settled for a $10 minimum table and, just as we approached one, a couple got up to leave and no one was waiting so we sat down quickly. 

They were the two seats at the end and Cory sat down in the end seat. We decided to each invest $100 and, if we lost that, we'd quit and go have dinner. The dealer was a personable young guy who enjoyed bantering with the players and was quite entertaining. We had been playing for about half an hour and more or less holding our own when an absolutely gorgeous Amazon in a long black gown which showed off her magnificent figure, walked up to our dealer from the pit area and said something to him that we couldn't quite make out and then quickly walked away.

I asked him who she was and he told us that she's the pit boss and was a former showgirl. Cory remarked that she was absolutely gorgeous and asked him how tall she is. He told her that he wasn't sure but he guessed she was about 6'5" tall and Cory looked at me with more than passing interest in her eyes. I noticed that she was watching the gal as she made her rounds of the tables as she played and reminded her to pay attention to the game or she'd lose all her hard earned cash. We had just finished a hand and a sexy voice asked Cory how she was doing and when we looked up saw the Amazon standing next to her. Cory smiled and told her she was doing OK but could do a lot better with some inside help. The gal laughed and told her that unfortunately, it was against the casino rules. They chatted a few moments until the pit boss was called away by another dealer and we went back to concentrating on our cards. 

I happened to look up between hands a few minutes later and saw that Cory was looking at the gal who was looking at her also and I got that old feeling that something may be happening there. Cory had just lost a hand when the gal came over and leaned down to quietly ask her if she would like to take a break and join her for a drink since she was going on her break now. Cory got up immediately and the dealer told her it was OK to leave her chips on the table as the seat was hers. The big beauty smiled at me and said that they would be in the Baccarat Bar in the casino but should be back in about 15 minutes. I watched them as they walked away and noted that Cory, who was 5'10" in her stocking feet, looked like a midget next to the other gal. I also noted that the beauty's ass moved like a well oiled machine as she walked and my cock started to stir in my shorts.

I went back to concentrating on the game and started to win a few hands in a row and promptly forgot about them for a while. As I was doubling down on two Kings with the dealer having a 5 showing, Cory slipped into her seat and waited until I had won the hand to whisper to me that we were having dinner with Sarina who was getting off work in about 30 minutes. She had a radiant look about her and I assumed that the two of them had hit it off very nicely. We continued playing until Sarina walked up behind us and asked if we were ready for dinner. We picked up our chips and she told us that she had made a reservation for us at Circo and asked if we liked Italian food. 

We told her that we loved it and she led us into the restaurant where the hostess showed us to our table. We had cocktails before ordering dinner and Sarina told us that she had been a showgirl on the Strip for a few years when she started going out with the casino boss at the Bellagio who got her a job dealing blackjack after he found out that she had a head on her shoulders and a talent for numbers. Now, after 5 years, she was a pit boss and couldn't be happier. She married a former pro hockey player who was now with Nike and in LA on business until tomorrow. She asked about us and we told her about our backgrounds and where we were from and about our very interesting and different vacation that brought us to meet her today. 

Without going into details, but with plenty of insinuation, we told her about all the interesting people that we've met thus far and more or less let her know that we both enjoyed male as well as female company. Dinner was excellent and when we were just finishing our coffee, Sarina asked if we had any plans for the evening and when we told her that we didn't, she asked if we would like to go back to her place for some drinks and good conversation. Naturally we accepted and when I asked the waiter for the check, Sarina told me that dinner had been compt and not to worry about it. 

We thanked her and I left a generous tip for the waiter and we headed out to the parking lot where she had her car also. She told us to follow her that it wasn't too far and just in case, gave us her cell number if for some reason we lost each other. We followed her east of the strip for about ten minutes and into a very nice residential area where she pulled into a driveway and motioned for us to pull alongside and park.

It was a large ranch style house and we went into an entrance foyer first as she led us into the living room and asked what we wanted to drink. We sat down in the very tastefully furnished room as she brought us our drinks and went over and put some music on and then sat down to join us. 

"Tell me" she asked, "What did you two do for entertainment with all those interesting people you met on your vacation thus far?" 

Cory looked at her and said, "We had absolutely fantastic sex with all of them and are hoping that you're game for the same thing tonight." 

Sarina smiled as she said, "Why do you think I asked you to join me? I got the vibes from you, Cory, the very moment I locked eyes with you in the casino and I assume you did also" 

Cory told her that she was absolutely right and asked her if she would like to follow up on those feelings right now. Sarina looked at me 

"You look like a patient man. Would you like to be our audience while we get to know each other?" 

I smiled at her and told her that nothing turns me on more than watching my wife with a beautiful woman and with that, Sarina stood up and unfastened the clips at the top of her shoulders and the gown fell to the floor revealing her totally nude body! 

"My goodness! You were absolutely naked under that dress all night tonight!" Cory blurted out. 

Sarina told us that she loves being in the casino working with nothing on under her dress. 

"I guess it's a throwback to my days as a showgirl. I was always turned on being naked in front of so many men and women in the audience." she replied. 

Cory didn't say another word but walked over to her and kneeled down and ran her hands all over the fantastic body as she placed reverent kisses on Sarina's prominent, shaved mound. 

"I love being attended to like this" she said. "When I was a showgirl, I always wished some man or woman would come up onstage when I was displaying myself naked before them, and worship my body like you're doing now, Cory" 

Cory asked her to lay down on the couch and relax as she wanted to get better acquainted with her and as soon as she was settled, she leaned forward and kissed her on the lips as she tweaked her nipples and ran her hands down between her thighs. Sarina parted her thighs to give her access and after kissing her awhile, Cory ran her tongue down to Sarina's large, firm breasts and over her very erect and large nipples which she took between her lips and suckled. Sarina was moaning and running her hands through Cory's hair as her breasts were being attended to and when Cory slipped her hand between her thighs and played with her clitoris, she gasped and lifted her hips off the couch. 

Cory slowly worked her way down to the gorgeous crotch and was kissing and licking the beautiful, firm flesh as she went. When she reached the seat of Sarina's womanhood, she breathed in deeply and sighed in pleasure as she took the delicate labia minora between her lips and suckled them each in turn before sliding her tongue into the pink wetness of her vagina. 

I was mesmerized by the sight of my wife making such beautiful love to such a gorgeous woman who was giving herself completely to her lips and tongue. My cock was straining for release so I stood up and began removing my clothes without taking my eyes off the sexy scene before me. When I removed my shorts and stood up my penis stood out in full erection before me and I noticed the look of approval that Sarina gave me through her glazed eyes as she guided Cory's head around her crotch. I sat back down on the couch and played with my cock as I watched my wife lose herself in sucking every part of the beautiful crotch including the puckered asshole. 

Sarina had her legs pulled way back so that Cory's tongue and lips could get to everything and she was constantly moaning and gasping and telling Cory how good everything felt. When Cory took the large, erect clit in her mouth and slipped two fingers into the wet cunt, Sarina went wild and shortly thereafter, held Cory's head tightly to her crotch as she went into orgasm and wet Cory's face with her juices. 

When she calmed down, Cory lifted her face and looked up at her and told her that she had never enjoyed sucking a pussy more than she had enjoyed her and that everything, including her flavor and scent, was absolutely delicious. Sarina smiled back and told her that she has never been sucked better and had enjoyed every minute of it. 

"Now, my dear, you're not going to cheat me out of my pleasure so let me help you out of your clothes so that I can enjoy you also" she said as she sat up and started to help Cory undress. 

As Cory revealed each part of her gorgeous body, Sarina caressed it and told her how beautiful she was. When Cory was naked, she had her lay back on the couch and proceeded to make love to her the same way. She was on her knees with her gorgeous shapely ass and sexy crotch exposed to my view so as she started licking and sucking Cory's crotch, I got up behind her and slipped my penis into her well lubed cunt and worked it deep inside her. She gasped when I entered her and I felt her push back to get more of my cock as she went back to sucking Cory so I started stroking back and forth so that her ass cheeks were pressed tightly against my body one moment and then only the head of my cock twirled around her entrance the next. She lifted her head and told Cory that she loved the thickness and length of my cock as it moved inside her and then went back to sucking her pussy again. 

Sarina's cunt felt like heaven and I was enjoying myself immensely as I stroked into her and watched her eating my wife so beautifully. Then Cory's body arched and she grabbed Sarina's head tightly to her crotch as she moaned and shuddered in orgasm. Sarina seemed to be in another world as she kept her face buried in Cory's cunt and moved her hips to meet my every thrust. Suddenly, my cock jerked as it shot the first load of my hot cum deep inside her hungry and receptive hole only to be followed by more spasms which kept filling her with more cum. 

Then I heard her muffled cry as she pushed back into me hard and I felt her cunt contracting around my thickness as she wet me with her juices. When the two of us finished cumming, I slid my penis out of her and collapsed on the floor as Sarina pulled her face from Cory's crotch and lay back alongside me on the carpet. As we lay there relaxing, she put her hand on my slowly receding organ and patted it gently as she told me how much she enjoyed it. 

While we relaxed and sipped cold drinks, Sarina asked me if I was bisexual and when I answered her she smiled and said that when her husband returned tomorrow she was going to introduce me to a guy that was not only built beautifully and was good looking but also loved man to man sex. 

"I have a feeling that you and he are going to hit it off beautifully" she told me and then added that Cory was going to enjoy him just as well. 

"He also gets very turned on watching me with another woman so he's going to go wild when he sees Cory" she said. "He'll be home about 6 so he'll meet us at the casino and we'll go to dinner as soon as I get off work about 8. As soon as we get home, Cory and I are going to put on another show for you guys and I want both of you to take particular note on the effect that it has upon him." 

With that, she took hold of my penis and led us back into the bedroom where we saw a bed that had to be at least 20 feet square in a room that made it look small.

"Billy had it made for us because he likes to be comfortable in bed. He's about your size" she told me and, with a broad smile, "In height as well as equipment although his balls may be a little larger than yours". 

I glanced down at mine and told her that he must have a big set because mine aren't small by any means and she laughed and told me to just wait and see. 

"When he cums, there's enough for all of us" she boasted and Cory said that she couldn't wait since she's a connoisseur of cum. 

Sarina looked at me, "Now, my dear, I've been looking forward to tasting your candy stick all evening so please lay down and relax so that I can enjoy myself. After all, I've got to check you out for my husband so I can give him an honest report. I already called him when we were driving here and he's waiting to hear all about both of you" 

and as she spoke, she lay down on her stomach between my spread legs and grasped my erection in her hand and guided the head to her lips. She kissed the tip and then ran the tip of her tongue all over the crown and around the deep ridge before taking the entire head in her mouth and nursing gently on it as she probed the little slit with her tongue. After a few minutes, she lifted her head and smiled at me as she said that her report to her husband was going to be excellent. 

"After I tell him all about you two when I speak with him later, he's going to have a hardon all night and all day tomorrow" she told us with a big smile. "That will create plenty of juice in his balls for all of us tomorrow night and I'm going to warn him not to cum until then" she said as she went back to pleasuring my organ. 

And pleasure it she did. She was fantastic and I could see that she really loved sucking cock from the way she reacted as she did it. Cory noticed her rubbing her thighs together as she drew deeply on my thick shaft and got down alongside her and rolled her on her side so that she could rest her head on her thigh and suck her delicious pussy while she was busy on my penis. It wasn't long before the three of us were moaning in delight as we gave each other fabulous sensations.

As Sarina so beautifully took me up on one high after another with her talented mouth, I wanted something to suck on also and told Cory to swing around so that I could get at her pussy. When she moved into position, without her lips ever leaving Sarina's crotch, I buried my head between her gorgeous thighs and lost myself in sucking her fabulous cunt. The three of us were in a beautiful suck circle giving one another wonderful sensations when Sarina's muffled cry was heard as she experienced orgasm and fed Cory her juices. A few minutes later, Cory's moans, coming from Sarina's crotch, were heard as she too went into orgasm and I was rewarded with the flow of her delicious juices on my tongue. 

We kept at it and soon I felt my orgasm approaching and pulled my head from my wife's crotch to tell Sarina to be prepared for it and then went back to sucking Cory's clit just as my organ erupted and started shooting streams of hot cum into Sarina's voracious mouth. She gurgled in glee as she swallowed each load and sucked deeply for more while gently playing with my balls to help coax every drop out. When my last spasm ended and I relaxed my body totally, she pulled her mouth from my still erect organ to tell me that her report to her husband was going to be even better than before and that he was going to keep his mouth fastened to my organ all night once he tastes my cum. 

We sat back and rested on the pillowed headboard and Sarina asked us how long we were going to be in town. We told her that we had no particular schedule but figured about three days in Vegas before heading for LA so she asked if we would like to spend the three days with she and her husband and when we agreed, she told us that she had to be at work in the morning but that she was off next day and asked us to move our RV to their place and sleep with them starting tomorrow night. 

"After all, we had the bed made for just such a purpose and I'm sure we'll all be very comfortable". 

Then she gave me a set of keys to the house and told me to move the RV during the day and use the house to freshen up in and to meet her in the casino at the blackjack tables at 6 pm. 

"Billy's flight lands about 6:30 so he'll probably be at the casino by 8." 

We could see that she wanted to get some rest so we dressed and said our goodbyes and headed back to the RV. When we got inside, we undressed and checked the Vegas area guide book we had brought. I had always wanted to take a helicopter tour of the Grand Canyon and noticed that it was quite affordable and only took about 2 hours. There was a 24 hour telephone number for reservations, so I picked up the phone and made reservations for us to leave from the Bellagio Hotel at 11 am. We'd be back by around one and would have plenty of time to drive to Red Rock Canyon and maybe even see the Hoover Dam before we met Sarina. Then we started talking about Sarina and, as soon as Cory noticed my cock get hard, she led me inside and we had a beautiful fuck before falling asleep.

In the morning, we paid our bill at the office and drove over to Sarina's and parked in her driveway and then unhitched the jeep and headed for the Bellagio. We got there with about 15 minutes to spare so we went inside to the casino and saw Sarina and told her where we were going. She told us that she and Billy had always wanted to do it but haven't gotten around to it yet and to please tell her all about it tonight. We waved goodbye and went into the lobby where we found the tour operator assembling a few other guests. The copter took 8 passengers and it was only a few minutes drive to the airport so we were in the air by 11:45 and over the Canyon about 15 minutes later. 

To say the trip was fabulous would be an understatement. The pilot took us up and down a good portion of the length of the canyon which is about 200 miles long and dropped us down below the rim a few times to give us a good idea of the scale. We saw rafters and canoes making their way along the river below and they looked like little ants crawling by. I took hundreds of digital pics and before we knew it we were landing back in Vegas. 

Since we had flown over Hoover Dam and I took plenty of pictures from the air, we decided to drive to Red Rock Canyon and spend a few hours there as I had heard there was plenty of off road scenery to see. It was as beautiful as we were told and being able to leave the roads and drive over close to the rock formations made it a fantastic trip. I was surprised to see how fast the time had passed when I happened to look at my watch and we had to head back to Vegas as we wanted to shower and change clothes since Sarina had told us that we were going to La Cirque for dinner and that I should wear a jacket but a tie was not necessary.
