 "Happy Birthday honey," she said as he let the door swing shut behind him. "You're just in time."

Pam and Jamie had met about 2 years ago from a chat room. They hadn't started dating till 7 months ago though.. They recognized there was something very special and lasting between them quickly and have been living together for about 3 months now.. For Jamie, he found her to be just the perfect combination of the girl you take home to mom and the adventurous kitten in the bedroom.

"Jamie I made your favorite drink... it's on the end table." Jamie is not a heavy drinker, but enjoys a rum and coke as much as the next guy. It usually only took one stiff mixed drink to relax him and take the edge off.

"I'm preparing something special tonight," Pam announced from the kitchen. "Please don't come in or you'll spoil the surprise." It had been a while since Pam and he had enjoyed a nice quiet meal together. He slipped out of his shoes and walked over to the sofa. "I'm sorry I'm late babe," he offered as he reached over to snatch up his drink from the end table.

"That's ok, I was pretty busy preparing your birthday surprise," she answered. He took a long slow slip of the drink. It smelled stronger than usual, but the combination was delicious. "How much rum did you put in this drink babe?" Pam avoided the topic, "I hope you are not too tired, I have a big night planned for us."

For a few minutes Jamie sat back and enjoyed the drink and the soft household sounds that accompany the act of cooking. He reflected on the long road that brought him and Pam together. While it hadn't always been a bed of roses, the good times far outweighed the bad, and they had made a very happy life here. Jamie took another long slow drink, and realized he had come to the bottom. It wasn't like him to suck down a drink that quickly - his tolerance was low and alcohol went straight to his head. "This drink was great Baby," he called into the kitchen.

"Wow, you polished that off fast, let me bring you another," she replied from the kitchen. His first instinct was to decline, but damn if that didn't taste good, and it was, after all Saturday. Pam crossed from the kitchen into the living room carrying a pitcher. She was wearing that sexy evening dress that always drove him wild. "I thought you might like it, so I made a whole pitcher."

She set the pitcher on the end table and leaned over him to kiss him. Jamie loved the way her brown hair fell forward and tickled his face when she kissed him. He was surprised to feel her tongue in his mouth, and he reciprocated. As they kissed, he noticed her breasts, full and beautiful in the low-cut dress she wore. She slid her hand up his leg to his groin and his cock pulsed back against her touch in response. "You look amazing baby," Jamie told her. "That dress always gets me so hard." She smiled at him, "I thought you might like it." She moved to the end table positioning her back to him as she reached for the pitcher. As she bent to refill his drink she pulled her dress up, showing him the string-thin black thong she was wearing underneath. Jamie felt his cock twitch in his pants, stretching to break free of his boxers. Before he could reach out to pinch her tight ass she let the dress fall back down and started pouring the drink.

"Your surprise is almost ready honey," she said. "Relax a little more and calm down that dick of yours."

Just then the door bell rings. Jamie called out, "Are you expecting anyone baby?" Halfway through his second drink he was really starting to feel the alcohol. "That must be part of your surprise honey," Pam called back. He heard her footsteps in the hallway moving to the front door. She opened the door and he heard a second female voice at the door. Hushed whispers. Door closing. Two sets of footsteps moving back down the hall to the kitchen. "Is everything ok Baby?"

"Everything's fine Jamie, finish your drink," answered Pam curtly. "What the hell," he thought, his willpower all but completely wiped out by the sweet rum concoction. He tilted the glass up and drained the last of the drink.

"Hi Jamie," an unfamiliar voice addressed him. "Pam has told me a lot about you." He put down the drink startled and looked toward the hallway as Pam and the stranger approached. Dressed in a tight slinky black dress the stranger walked slowly toward him. Her long straight black hair was exquisite. "Nice to meet you," Jamie offered, getting up slowly from the sofa.

Pam introduced the stranger, "Jamie, this is Lia. I invited her to come over tonight." As Jamie reached out to shake her hand, he realized he was staring at Lia's tits. Hard to miss, they were practically falling out of the dress. He glanced quickly at Pam, knowing that she knew how much he loves breast. Instead Pam walked up behind Lia and slid her hand slowly down her back, to her waist, to her firm ass.

"Pam, what's going on?" Jamie was in awe to see Lia turn her head to Pam, open her mouth and take Pam's tongue in her mouth. He felt his cock grow three inches in his pants, busting to escape. As he watched, he saw his girlfriends's tongue caress Lia's lips and tongue.

"Jamie, have a seat baby, the show is about to start," Pam said softly. Jamie sat back down on the sofa, his dick pitching a stiff tent in the crotch of his pants, a wet spot forming atop the head of his cock.

Pam and Lia turned all their attention to each other. Kissing and playing with their tongues. Pam reached up and using her thumb, rubbed Lia's nipple through the tight fabric pressing against it. It stood at attenion quickly and she leaned her head back and let a small gasp escape her mouth. Closing her eyes and enjoying the feeling of the moment. She regained what little composure she had left and returned the same offereings to Pam. They slowly undressed each other, revealing smooth, soflty tanned skin. Lia pressed Pam down on the couch and moved over her stomach to lick and tease her nipples. Moving from one to the other while her hands roamed all over Pam's body and finally finding that sweet spot between her legs. Lia slowly descended to taste Pam as she softly moaned and whispered to Lia that she wanted to feel her tongue on her. When Lia reached her pussy, she used both hands and held Pam's pussy open wide revealing the hard clit that protruded from its hood. Lia bent over and flicked it with her tongue causing Pam to squirm with excitement. Lia slid one hand down to Pam's pussy and slid first one, then two fingers in and bent them ever so gently to rub her G-spot. This sent Pam into a whirlwind of feelings and in a few short moments, Pam was coming hard. After Pam subsided from the feeling and brought her attention back to Lia, she flipped her over and with one hand pinched her nipples while using the other to rub her clit. Lia closed her eyes with anticipation of what was to come. Pam licker her way up and down Lia's pussy lips while still pinching one nipple then the other. She ran her fingernails slowly down her slit and back to find Lia's slightly puckered ass. Rubbing it and still focusing her attention on flicking and licking her pussy. When Pam knew that Lia was close to cumming, she licked harder and at the same point Lia was releasing her juices, she pushed a finger into her ass, making her orgasm that much harder. Still holding her finger in place until Lia's breathing had came back to normal She slid up Lia's body and kissed her deeply, sharing her juices between them.

Pam turned to Jamie and asked, " Do you like watching me with another woman Baby?" Jamie smiled and replied with a, "Shit yeah."

" I want to watch Lia suck you. Do you want Lia's mouth on your cock?" Jamie paused for a second. Pam said again, "Jamie, I want to watch Lia suck you baby." Pam and Lia walked toward Jamie. Two shaved pussies, Jamie noticed. Pam knelt between Jamie's legs, unhooked his belt, and opened his pants. Jamie slipped his pants and boxers down simultaneously, letting them drop to the floor. "Let's get rid of these baby," Pam said as she removed his pants and tossed them across the room. "Let me taste that dick baby." She grasped his cock firmly at the base and ran her warm wet tongue up the length of his shaft, starting at his balls and moving slowly up to the head. A bead of his pre-cum had oozed out of his dick, sitting neatly at the top. "Lia, come lick this off his dick," she commanded.

Lia knelt beside Pam as she held his cock for her. Pam whispered to Lia, "Come on baby, lick that off his cock. It tastes so good." Lia's long tongue started below the head of his dick and neatly flicked the bead off his cock, balancing it on the tip of her tongue. Pam immediately shared it, her tongue licking Lia's. Pam begged Lia, "Lia baby, I want to watch you suck his dick. I want you to blow that cock of his." Lia smiled at Jamie, "I thought you would never ask.".

Lia started licking Jamie's cock, her tongue so warm and wet on his dick. "Oh god that feels so good," Jamie moaned, his head rolling back on the head rest of the couch. Lia took his dick in her mouth, gently sucking out his juices, tasting him. Meanwhile Pam had positioned herself next to Jamie on the couch, laying back with her legs spread, fingering her pussy. "Jamie, it makes me so hot to see her suck you."

"Stand up Jamie and fuck my mouth," Lia commanded. Jamie obeyed, standing with his dick firmly plugged between Lia's tight lips. He held her head and started fucking her mouth deeply. Lia opened her mouth and took his cock right to the back of her throat. A trail of spit hung from her mouth to Jamie's cock as he alternated between fucking her throat and pulling his dick out to let her stroke it. Lia spit on his dick and worked his cock with her hands.

"Pam baby, come over here and help me," Lia asked. Pam came over to Jamie's cock positioning herself opposite Lia. They began licking both sides of his dick simultaneously, tasting each other and Jamie's cock. Jamie felt like he was going to explode. Sure he had fantasized about having a threesome with Pam so many times, but this was far more than he ever imagined it could be.

"Jamie I want you to fuck her."

"Do you want to fuck me Jamie?" Lia asked coyly.

"I want to fuck you so bad," Jamie replied.

Lia got up, went over to the opposite couch and knelt on it, her ass waving at Jamie from across the room. She spread her legs, reached back and fingered her pussy. "Jamie I want you to put your cock right here," Lia instructed as she used both hands to hold open her pink juicy cunt.

"Go fuck her Jamie," Pam ordered. Jamie crossed the room, his hard cock straining to reach Lia's pussy. He grabbed Lia on each side of her tight ass and Lia grabbed his dick. She started rubbing his cock all over her pussy. "Maybe we better use something Pam," Jamie suddenly remembered. "No Baby, I want you to feel her wet pussy. I want her to get your dick all wet." Jamie pushed his cock slowly into Lia's wet gap. The lips of her pussy sliding down the length of his shaft, her warm walls inviting him deeper. He pushed his dick until his pelvis met her ass, then retracted his cock and started to slowly fuck her.

Pam crossed the room and knelt behind Jamie, rubbing his balls while he gradually started pumping his dick faster and harder into Lia's cunt. "Fuck her wet pussy Baby, fuck her nice and hard!" Pam layed down between their legs and started licking Jamie's balls, sucking on them softly. From there she let her tongue slide back to his ass. Pam reached around and pulled Jamie's cock out of Lia's pussy. She quickly put it in her mouth and started pumping her head up and down on it, taking it deep in her throat. She positioned it at the entry to her pussy again and watched as Jamie slid all the way back into Lia. Pam started licking Lia's clit and running her tongue up and down her pussy. Her's and Jamie's juices combined together was like sweet nectar. She reached up with one hand and pinched one of Lia's nipples while her other hand reached around Jamie and she slowly slid a finger in his ass. Jamie moaned softly as the feeling over took him. 

She pulled back, "Baby do you like Lia's ass?" "Her ass looks so tight," Pam whispered. "I want you to fill it with your cock. I want to watch you fuck her tight ass."

Lia held her ass open while Pam spit in her asshole. Jamie saw how tight her ass looked, imagined how good it would feel around his dick. He rubbed the head of his cock around her asshole, gradually working it inside. He felt the muscles of her ass which were at first tight and resistant slowly relax and allow him entry. He worked his whole cock into her tight ass and started to slowly fuck it.

"Do you like her ass?" Pam asked.

"I love having my ass fucked hard, Jamie. Fuck me harder," Lia begged. Jamie started pumping his dick harder working Lia's tight ass and his cock to the brink of explosion. Lia's ass felt so warm and tight on his bare cock. He imagined what it would be like to unload in that ass, to fill it with his hot white cum. He imagined his load dripping out of Lia's asshole, and almost lost it.

Pam moaned, " I want you to unload on her face. I want you to shoot a hot messy load all over her."

Jamie pulled his dick out of Lia's ass, noticing how her asshole stayed stretched open, inviting his cock back in for more. His dick was ready to explode.

Pam and Lia knelt on the floor in front of Jamie as he pumped his dick vigorously. The women took turns licking and sucking his cock as he jacked it. He suddenly tightened up, feeling his balls tighten and even more blood rushing to his dick. He started shooting his load on Lia first as she held out her tongue to take it in her mouth. His first shot hit her tongue, the second her cheek. He aimed for Pam and shot the rest of his load all over her face.

The women started kissing, sharing his load, and then sucked his dick dry.