 Los Angeles

We were on Highway 15 and making good time to LA when Cory mentioned that we would probably be in early enough to catch up on a little sleep which we didn't get last night since all we did was have sex with Sarina and Billy. 

"We could call that couple that they recommended we meet and see if they want to get together tonight" she said to me and I thought it was a good idea as Sarina had told us that they were great in bed. 

"What were their names again?" she asked and I fished out the slip of paper that Billy had given me with their phone number and handed it to her.

"Helen & John" she said. "Suppose I try them now and find out?" and she took out the cell phone and dialed their number. They happened to be home and she told them who we were and that Sarina and Billy suggested that we meet as we would all be good for each other and from what I could gather from the conversation, they agreed and when she hung up, she told me

"They received a call from Sarina today who told them that, if we call, to make sure that we get together soon, so we're having dinner with them at their place about 8 tonight. Helen sounded terrific and told us to call before we leave and they'd give us directions."

We got into the RV area around five and had time to rest and clean up before leaving for dinner. I called for directions and John answered and was very warm and friendly on the phone and I liked him immediately. He gave me explicit directions to their home in Beverly Hills and mentioned that it would probably take us about an hour to get there from where we were because of traffic so we left right after I hung up. 

His directions were perfect and although the traffic was pretty heavy, we arrived on time and pulled into the driveway of a large 2 story fieldstone mansion that had Roman columns in front of the entrance and looked very impressive. They greeted us at the door and we saw that Helen was a small, attractive redhead with very large breasts and a cleavage that drew the eye immediately and John was a tall, thin good looking guy with wavy grey hair. Both looked to be in their late 40's or early 50's. They showed us into their home and into the library where a maid came in and John asked us what we would like to drink. We told him and I noticed that the maid was dressed very sexily as she was wearing a mini-dress uniform that just about covered her pussy and was very low cut displaying her ample bosom. I glanced at Cory and saw that she had taken note of this also as her eyes were sparkling. 

We sipped our drinks and got to know one another as they asked questions about our vacation trip and we found out that John was a motion picture director for a major studio and Helen was an interior designer. They told us that Sarina and Billy had highly recommended us and told us a little about our adventures so far but that they wanted to hear a lot more. We told them very frankly about the interesting couples that we've met coming across country and that we're looking forward to meeting many more as we head back East. 

John told us that sex was their hobby and they indulged whenever possible as they loved it so much. He said that all their help was selected specifically for their looks and sexual talent and that they were available for sex anytime we wished. I asked how many in help they had and he told me that there was the maid we just saw as well as a butler and a cook. The cook is an older woman who is not available sexually as she leaves right after dinner and keeps to herself during the day although she knows everything that goes on in the house. As we were talking, the maid came in and announced that dinner was ready so we got up and they showed us into the large formal dining room where we were served a magnificent meal that I noticed consisted of small portions of everything so that we weren't stuffed after finishing it. During dinner John told us how much they enjoyed getting together with Sarina and Billy and usually try to see them either here or in Vegas a couple of times a month. 

I agreed with him and told him that I found both of them sexually perfect and that we both had enjoyed every minute of our stay in Vegas. 

"Billy has the most beautiful cock in the world as far as I'm concerned" he said and Helen seconded that and added that Sarina was no slouch either to which Cory added,

"Sarina is one of the most beautiful women I've ever made love to and she's a wonderful lover also" and we all had to agree. 

When we finished our last course, John suggested that we retire to the library and asked Sophia, the maid, to bring us some after dinner cordials to have with our coffee. As we were sipping our coffee in the library, the maid walked in with the drinks and after handing them to us, John asked her to show us her pussy. She didn't hesitate a second and walked over in front of us and lifted her very short dress to display her shaved crotch. She had large puffy labia majora and an extremely large clit hood which was very prominent.

"Show them what happens when you're excited, my dear" he told her and she started to tease her clit with her finger and we watched in amazement as her clitoris started to come out of the hood. It grew to about a full inch in size and looked just like a miniature penis with a sloped crown and all and stood up fully erect just like a little cock. 

"My goodness, that's gorgeous!" 

Cory blurted out and Helen told her that she should taste it as it's delicious and would complement her cordial. Cory needed no prodding and leaned forward as Sophia pushed her pelvis towards her approaching lips and let out an appreciative sigh as Cory took the entire clitoris into her mouth and sucked on it. After a moment or so, she lifted her face and told Helen that she was right, it tasted absolutely fabulous and told me to try it also. I leaned forward and took the erect organ into my mouth and found that it tasted very sweet and was very suckable. Sophia was gasping and moaning as I sucked it and I was reluctant to stop but didn't want to continue too long so I lifted my face and looked up at her as I told her how delicious she was. She thanked me and John told her that she could go and that we would call her later if we wanted more of her. As she was leaving, he told her to send Carlos in and told us that he wanted us to meet the butler also.

A good looking, dark haired, athletically built Latin guy came in a few minutes later and asked John if he could help him. John told him that he wanted him to show us his special equipment and he stood in front of us and opened his fly. He reached inside and withdrew a very thick penis with a large, smooth head and a pair of balls about the size of Billy's. He let his cock dangle over the huge balls and I noticed that it was not only very thick but also quite long and compulsively reached out to take it in my hand. 

As I held it, it started to grow in size and Cory gasped as it grew larger and thicker until I was grasping a formidable erection in my hand. Cory asked if she could taste it and John told her to go right ahead as that's what it was for and she took it from my grasp and guided the crown to her lips and covered it with her mouth. She murmured her approval as she nursed on the head and then pulled it out and passed it over to me as she said,

"You've got to taste this, darling. It's delicious!"

I took it back from her and covered the entire thick crown with my mouth and started sucking it and found that she was right, it was delicious and I nursed on it a few minutes before pulling my head away and telling Carlos how good he tasted. John thanked him and told him that we would call him later and he turned and left with his cock still standing out in front of him. 

"That's a hell of a staff you guys have" I told them. "You must have a ball every day!"

Helen told us that it's very nice having both of them available whenever they got the urge for some variety but that they came in very handy when they were having sex with friends as they washed and dried them between sessions, kept them nice and clean and aroused them when necessary. 

"Now that we've tasted your help, how about letting us taste you?" I asked and John smiled and told us that was just the warmup for the main event and asked us to follow them upstairs to their master bedroom. It was a very large room with a huge circular bed in the center and they started to disrobe as soon as we got inside. 

"Take off your clothes and hop into bed" he told us and we did so as both of us couldn't wait for the action to start. Helen was built for sex with large, firm breasts, big nipples, comfortable hips and ass and great legs. John was hung beautifully with a large, sculpted crown topping a nice, thick shaft and I couldn't wait to get at him. He noticed my eyes fastened on his penis and asked,

"If you like what you see, it's yours for the taking" and he lay back and spread his legs for me. After tasting Carlos' delicious cock a few minutes ago, I was ready for him and lay down on my stomach between his thighs and grasped his rapidly rising penis in my hand as I licked his shaft from the base up and all around the head. He was already oozing precum and I found it delicious and told him so as I feasted on it as it oozed out of his deep slit. His cock was nice and thick and I loved taking it deep and feeling it fill my throat after drinking his precum nectar and I was totally lost in the pleasures of sucking him when Helen asked me to roll over on my side so that she could suck my cock. 

I lifted my head for a moment to see Cory down between her thighs sucking away as Helen took my crown into her mouth and began sucking it with gusto. Then I heard John ask Cory to swing around so that he could get at her and the four of us were in a suck circle each lost in pleasuring one another. 

Helen was good and knew how to suck cock and I was being pleasured by an expert as I sucked John's delicious organ and soon I was transported into that other world from which I never wanted to return. From somewhere in the distance I heard Helen's muffled cries as she came and felt her mouth tighten around my penis as she fed my wife her juices and then I heard Cory moan aloud as her orgasm struck also. Helen continued sucking my cock as my head bobbed up and down on John's delicious penis. He was still feeding me precum and I savored every drop as I sucked his organ. 

I heard the girls cum at least twice more before I heard John groan and felt his penis swell in my mouth as it started spurting his cum onto my tongue. I swallowed each load as he fed it to me and found it very tasty although slightly salty and kept deeply drawing on his penis to get every drop. As I sucked the last of his sperm out of his balls, my cock erupted and began shooting ropes of cum into Helen's hungry mouth which she eagerly swallowed as she kept sucking firmly on my organ until my spasms ended. 

We slowly parted and lay back to relax as Helen told me how much she enjoyed sucking my cum out of me and I thanked her for giving me so much pleasure and told John how much I loved sucking his cock. John picked up the phone and asked Carlos and Sophia to come upstairs and then collapsed back on the bed. When they came in a few minutes later, he told them to undress and get into the center of the bed and put on a show for us to prepare us for the next session. We had already seen their organs but it was a pleasure to watch them reveal their beautiful and sexy bodies. Sophia had gorgeous, full breasts capped by dark brown rosettes and large nipples and had a great ass and legs to go along with it and Carlos had a great body and beautiful ass as well as strong thighs. 

They got into the center of the bed and Carlos lay on his back as Sophia bent her head to lick his beautiful penis. As she was so occupied, he reached out and turned her body around so that he could bury his head in her cunt and the two of them started eating each other. Cory remarked that it was beautiful to watch because both of them seemed to be enjoying themselves so much. You could see that they were oblivious to anything or anyone as they totally got into sucking one another. 

"It took quite a while for us to find these two" John said "but it was worth it. We went through months of fruitless interviews even though we engaged a special personnel agent who pre-qualified each applicant." 

"Some of them were absolutely gorgeous but hadn't the faintest idea of what good sex was all about" Helen added. 

"When Carlos showed up for his interview, it was like a breath of fresh air had come into our house and a week later we found Sophia and it was well worth the wait as they are everything we had hoped for." she continued as we watched the two of them lose themselves in each other. 

"Now I'd like you two to help arouse us so that we can continue our play." he told them and they stopped immediately and Sophia asked who she should start with.

"You start on our lady guest, Sophia and Carlos, you work on her husband" he told them.

Sophia leaned over and started kissing the insides of Cory's thighs as Helen soul kissed her and then Carlos got down between my outstretched legs and took my soft penis in his mouth and began suckling me as he played with my balls and anus. John was sitting alongside me so I reached over and fondled his cock and balls as he watched Carlos suck me. It didn't take long before my penis was erect again and as soon as it was, Carlos moved over and started sucking John as he continued stroking my organ. I looked over at Cory and saw that she had her head between Sophia's thighs as she was eating Helen and I remembered that fantastic clitoris and knew that my wife was having a ball. Then, without a word being said between them, both Carlos and Sophia stopped what they were doing and stood near the door as if awaiting further instructions.

John got on his hands and knees and presented his ass to me and asked if I would please fuck him as he wanted my cock inside him desperately. One look at his full ass cheeks and tight anus had me on my knees behind him as I fit the head of my cock to his opening and pushed it inside as he gasped in pleasure and pushed back for more. As I worked it in deeper, he started moaning constantly and moved his hips around and contracted his hole to milk me as I fucked him. Helen came up behind me and massaged my ass and played with my asshole as I stroked into her husband and then she asked me if I would like to be fucked as I fucked John and the thought appealed to me so I nodded to her and she called Carlos over and sat back with Cory to watch us. 

Carlos waited until I was deep inside John and then rubbed his precum over my anal opening and pushed his crown inside. I gasped as the thick head entered me and then it started to feel so good I asked him to feed it in deep so I could feel him fill my ass with his beautiful organ. I heard Helen call over Sophia and tell her to take turns licking their pussies as they watched us fuck and then I was lost in the pleasures of fucking John's tight ass as Carlos grasped me by the hips and worked his thick penis back and forth inside me. I leaned on John as I fucked him and reached around and grasped his erection in my hand and began to stroke him as he told me how good it felt. Cory and Helen couldn't stop remarking about how sexy a sight it was to watch us as the maid moved back and forth between them sucking on their cunts. 

I asked Cory to get underneath John and suck on his cock as I fucked him because I wanted her to taste his delicious cum and she worked her way down and took his organ in her mouth and I heard him groan in ecstasy as her mouth closed around it. Carlos' cock felt wonderful in my ass and John's ass was a delightful fuck so I went off on another beautiful high and then suddenly felt Carlos grip my waist tightly and force his cock deep in my ass as it expanded and starting spurting hot cum in streams into my hungry asshole. That triggered my orgasm and I shoved my cock deep inside John's ass and filled him with my juices in one load after another. 

As I came, I felt him shudder and his ass contracted around my thick shaft and I could feel his spasms with my cock as he pumped his cum down Cory's throat and I heard her gulping it down and moaning with each load that he fed her. We stayed locked together for quite some time afterwards until Carlos withdrew his receding penis from me and I, in turn, pulled out of John as Cory got out from underneath him and told me that I was right, he was really delicious and thanked me for being so considerate. 

As we lay down to relax, both Sophia and Carlos brought in hot wet towels and cleaned and dried our organs. 

"Now this is the life!" I said to them with a smile. "Maybe Cory and I will stay with you for the next month" 

He looked at me with a grin and told me that I wasn't scaring them a bit as they'd love to have us. Then he added,

"Seriously, how long do you plan on staying in LA?" 

I told them that at the most it would be a few days as we had to start back since we had the whole country to cover again. He asked if we would like to stay with them for as long as we're in LA and I told him that we had a big RV and asked if he had room for it since we're not allowed to park in the street here. 

"Don't worry about that. We have a six car garage in back and plenty of room for your vehicle" he said.

I told him that we'd drive down in the morning and asked what time would be convenient for them.

"Why don't you figure on noon which will give us all some time to get a good night's rest." he suggested and we decided to call it a night since we had to drive back and it was quite late. 

We got dressed and left, telling them that we were looking forward to seeing them tomorrow. All the way home, we discussed the events of the evening and both agreed that Sarina and Billy had been right on the money about them. When we got home, Cory wanted my cock inside her as we continued talking about them and we fell asleep after a long, slow fuck.

We awoke about 9:30 and had breakfast and got dressed. I settled up at the RV office while Cory cleaned up and we were on the road by 11. I followed the same directions he had given me yesterday and we pulled into their driveway just a little after noon. I followed the driveway around the house and saw plenty of space to park alongside their huge garage. John was waiting for us at the back of the house and Cory gave him a big kiss hello as she grasped him by the crotch and told him how much she missed junior. He laughed and told her that she really hasn't been properly introduced to junior since he was so busy with me last night but not to worry, that would be rectified today.

Helen came down as we entered the library and greeted us with hugs and kisses and a couple of suggestive pats and I noticed that, as we passed Sophia and Carlos, they greeted us very formally and one would never suspect how well we really knew each other. John asked if we liked boating and when I told him that we love it, he suggested that we spend the day on his boat and have dinner at the Marina before coming back here to play tonight. We loved the idea and I wondered what kind of boat he had but decided to wait and see. 

We went back into the RV and changed into shorts, tee shirts and sneakers and grabbed our bathing suits just in case. They were waiting for us outside the RV and asked for a tour so we took them inside and showed them around. They seemed very impressed with all the modern conveniences and the nice décor and Helen said something to him about them trying the same kind of vacation sometime and he stroked his chin a moment before saying,

"If we could meet the kind of people that they're meeting, it wouldn't be a bad vacation idea at all" and she smiled and agreed. 
