 Author / Co-Writer's Note: This story, which I've greatly re-written and re-edited, was originally written by my friend Minxette. If it receives good feedback, I may persuade her to visit without my assistance.

*

Chad and Jeremy spotted Cassie from across the crowded bar. They liked what they saw, very much. The girl was H-O-T. Both of them wondered, cocks already getting tingly, what it would be like to fuck her, wondered if she would be interested in a threesome with them?

Both of them wanted her, very much, both of them were determined to have her! Cassie looked up and saw both men watching her. She smiled, brightly, putting a little `flirt' into the smile. Chad and Jeremy took this as a hint to go over and charm the pretty redhead. She teased and flirted outrageously with both of them, making them want her more. She parted her legs a little,and they both slide a hand up her short red dress, finding she had nothing under it. The two men smiled at each other, Jeremy whispering the word "Fuckable" to his partner-in-crime.

Cassie's pussy was already a little wet, she found these two guys interesting. She couldn't decide which one she wanted to fuck more, but then they asked her if she would like to go somewhere more private and quiet? She nodded and followed them out of the bar.

The three of them jumped into the limo that was waiting outside. Cassie was situated between them and their hands started wandering all over her already-aroused little body. She rubbed their cocks through their trousers, feeling the hard bulges that were aching to be freed.

Before she unzipped them and pulled out their already hard cocks, she ran her tongue over her bee-stung red lips. Cassie left no doubt as to her intentions. She stroked them both, as they pulled her dress from her anxious body. One of them - Chad? Jeremy? - she was too horny to notice -- freed her tits and sucked her nipples into hardening points, while the other started playing with her wet, dripping pussy. The one who was sucking her tits pushed her down onto his big, swollen cock. Cassie giggled and moaned with delight as she felt her tight, hot pussy being filled with the massive member. She felt so decadent, like such a slut, doing this in a Limo! However, she knew she was going to act even sluttier!

Lifting her ass, she told her other lover to slide his huge, bigger cock inside her cunt from behind. " I like it doggie-style," Cassie moaned softly. "Bow-Wow baby, got that?" before she took the first into her mouth and slowly started to suck. His hard cock tasted of her pussy juices, which she licked off eagerly, while his partner began to fuck her with slow, steady strokes. Cassie looked up and watched his face before running her tongue along the length of his cock. Grinning lewdly, she then thrust her head down and took him all in.

His friend was fucking her slower, but hard, with force. It turned her on even more, so she reached around and started to squeeze and tease his balls. His moans of pleasure and "Ohh fuck, keep doing that baby!" let Cassie know he was enjoying her efforts too. Her pussy got wetter and wetter, making him go harder and faster, ramming it deeper into her. The first lover held her head while he fucked her mouth, using it like the other man was using her pussy. With her other hand, Cassie teased his balls too, making him thrust harder. She teased, stroked and gave his balls a gentle squeeze. His cock started to throb deep in her mouth.

Cassie stroked his cock with her hand and sucks harder and faster,while his friend pounds away at her cunt, bringing her close to her first climax. His cock throbs as he pounds her hard. Her mind is awash with kinky sensations, Cassie was fucking back on instinct alone. Her pussy's fucker was ready to explode deep inside her! Holding his cock deep in her, she squeezed it with her pussy muscles, forcing him to cum. As she felt his juice shooting deep inside her, she sucked the other faster, making him cum deep down her throat. She licked his cock clean, while his partner lapped away at her wet hole, making her cum. She climbed on top of the first man now, his cock fit inside her easily. She started bouncing on him, really fucking him.

"Oh Goddd, this is good, such a good fucking!" Cassie yelled out as she rode her hard-cocked stud.

"Fuck, yeah!" was all her lover could manage to say as she continued her ride.

His friend offered Cassie his huge cock, and she took it into her mouth. He slid it down her throat and she slowly sucked on it, making him moan. She was being a slut, she was enjoying Chad and Jeremy's efforts, she didn't give a damn about anything except being filled with big, hard, magnificent, fucking cock!

With her free hand, she stroked his balls while she bounced slowly on the man. Her pussy was making noisy squelching sounds from the wetness. Chad and Jeremy took a tit each, and started licking and sucking them. Cassie pulled off both their cocks,and sat back on the seat. She then took both of them again, and jerked them off to another cum.

Jeremy and Chad's hands teased her soaked pussy. Jeremy then found his hand on her ass, and he slipped a finger into it. Cassie moaned and jerked both of them harder, until they shot their loads into her face and onto her tits. Just in time, the limo pulled up in front of a classy hotel.

* * * * *

The trio were in Cassie's room. Slowly, she removed her cum- stained dress, letting it fall to the floor. She changed into the wench's outfit she bought especially for tonight. Reaching into her drawer, she produced a Sex Toy, also bought especially for this evening. Cassie saw the look of excitement on their faces. She dropped onto her knees and slid the toy slowly inside her,watching their faces as she rubbed it over her swollen clit. The feeling of the vibe against her body made her mad to cum, the hum from the toy audible to the men and the look on the petite redhead's face an invitation to more fucking.

Both offered Cassie their cocks to suck and lick, which she took eagerly. She slowly slid the toy into her cunt and began to fuck herself, pushing it all the way in and out. The wetness from her pussy was glistening on the toy. The one with the huge cock - Jeremy, she realized - took the toy from her, while the other - Chad - went behind her and lined himself up with her ass. Lifting the skirt over her sweet ass, he gently pushed his cock into her. Jeremy started fucking her with the toy to the same rhythm as his friend. Cassie took his cock in her hand, and slowly started to stroke him. She teased Jeremy by flicking her tongue across the swollen head of his cock. He moaned as her tongue ran along the length of his cock. Chad started to fuck her ass harder and faster. She pushed back onto it, taking it all in. "Godd," she thought in her head, "I'm a slut, I'm going to burn in hell, but I love it!"

Cassie lowered her head over Jeremy's cock and sucked him all the way in until his cock hit the back of her throat. He caressed her tits and circled her nipples, then pinched them, making them as hard as small rocks. Little gasps and whimpers of pleasure were coming from her lips, she knew she was talking, but in her lusts, she made no sense.

She felt both their cocks throbbing inside her mouth and ass. Her pussy was being toyed with harder and harder, making it drip. The toy slid in his hand as Chad fucked her dripping cunt,making her cum over and over. The pair kept ramming their cocks into her, both guys felt their cum rising, and kept ramming her, hard.

They shot deep inside Cassie again. Their cum was trickling out of her. Chad - the smaller of the two - joined Jeremy in front of her. She then licked them both clean,before the Jeremy went behind her and pushed his cock into her now-stretched ass, making her scream. Chad then flicked his tongue in and out of her dripping wet pussy, tasting Cassie's sweet cum as she wanked him, making him hard again. Her ass was getting pounded into harder than before. Each and every inch of Jeremy's huge cock going right up inside her. Chad placed his cock at her wet cunt and slammed it all the way in with an almighty force.

* * * * *

Chad and Jeremy took her over to the bed and laid her down. Both of them started lapping at Cassie's soaked, well-fucked hole. She went from cock to cock, licking and sucking them, getting them hard again. They got her on all fours, and she knew she was going to get a cock or two inside her holes again.

Chad reached for the toy and pushed it into her ass. It took Cassie by surprise. She still had his cock in her mouth. Jeremy slid his cock back into her pussy. Chad fucked her ass with the toy, while Jeremy pumped away at her pussy, and her mouth was full of cock. All three of Cassie's holes being done for one last time. Her pussy has never been so wet, or been fucked so much in one night before, nor had she felt so much cum shoot down her throat. Nor had she ever screamed as loudly as she had on this night.

Cassie's wench's outfit was now just a cum-covered piece of cloth, just as she was a cum-covered slut. The men kept pounding her, wanting to make her scream again. The toy was being rammed harder into her ass. Her mouth was full of cock, her pussy dripping and fucked sore. The pain was there, but overriding that was the pleasure she felt.

Cassie felt herself getting closer to yet another mind-blowing climax. Her juice was spraying everywhere. She removed Chad's cock from her mouth and had him shoot his load all over her tits, while Jeremy finished her off with his cock.

It had been a birthday Cassie wouldn't forget in a hurry....she leans over to her boyfriend, Chad, kissed him and whispered, "Thank You baby, for a birthday I won't ever forget."