 It was about a week before my 40th birthday and my wife Cara, who's only 36, and I were lying next to each other in bed - naked, sweating and breathing hard having just finished an intense lovemaking session. 

"Be honest with me, what's your number one sexual fantasy," I asked. 

"I really don't know, you satisfy me in every way, every time. What's yours?" 

"A threesome, which is every guy's fantasy, and I want your sister Farrah to be the third."

"You just want to fuck her because you think she's sexier than me."

"You've known that's my fantasy," I told her. "Remember last time she visited and you were worried about her walking in on us. I told you she had three choices if that happened: watch, leave or join in. You weren't happy with that response if I recall correctly. But remember, I love you and would never cheat on you. 

"So the fantasy is to see what it would be like with two women at once and wanting the third to be someone we know, who I think is sexy, and who we can trust not to say anything to anybody afterwards. Would you rather I have named one of your friends or co-workers instead of your sister to be the third?"

Cara appeared a little stunned and stayed quiet. I knew she wasn't feeling confident in herself having put on a bit of weight in our 10 years of marriage. I love her shoulder-length light brown hair and blue eyes. But at 5-foot-3 she didn't like how the weight gain was showing in her face, waist, hips, ass, and legs. I think that although it shows, she carries the weight well. She was happy (like me) that her 42C breasts still held their form quite nicely. However, she knew that I thought her single, older sister Farrah, who was 38-years-old, 5-foot-4, with blonde hair, blue eyes, thin waist, perfect ass, runner's legs, and 34Cs was hot.

Allow me to describe myself, I'm 5-foot-8, a few extra pounds of fat, short brown hair, brown eyes and glasses. 

"It's just a fantasy," I said to break the silence. "It's not like it's actually going to happen." 

Cara had kept it a secret from me that the next day Farrah had called saying she'd be travelling to the party alone since her boyfriend had dumped her. She also kept it a secret that Farrah would be staying with us in our guest room instead of at a hotel, like we initially thought.

The Friday night party was a blast and shortly after 1 a.m. everyone had gone home, leaving Cara, Farrah and I alone. I don't hold my alcohol well so I only had one drink at the party, but to my surprise Cara had several more drinks than she usually does. Cara and I were sitting next to each other on a loveseat while Farrah was on a catty-corner sofa wearing a loose fitting top that showed off her cleavage and a miniskirt that showed off plenty of leg. Cara was wearing a skirt and a frilly blouse. 

"The party was great," Cara said. "I don't remember the last time we hosted and had that much fun." 

"You guys have a lot of fun friends," Farrah said. "I had a really nice time." 

"I'd like to thank both of you for a wonderful birthday party," I said. "Do we have any plans for the rest of the weekend that I don't know about?" 

"Not really," Cara said. "But I'm sure we can think of something." 

She started to slowly rub her breasts against my back while reaching around to rub my crotch

"I know you're checking her out, trying to see what, if anything, she has on under that miniskirt," she whispered in my ear.

Farrah was smiling and said something about making plans, was clearly getting annoyed with her sister's behavior. I don't know if she noticed my eyes checking out her body instead of making eye contact while we talked. Cara continued to press her breasts into me while rubbing my crotch. As a result, she felt my cock stiffening.

"I like the effect my hand and her looks are having on you." Cara whispered to me and licked my ear before she unzipped my fly and took out my cock and started to stroke it.

"I can't believe you. I'm outta here!" Farrah shouted and got up to leave. "So much for some nice family weekend plans." 

"Where are you going sis? Don't you want to taste it?" Cara said. 

Cara's never behaved this way before, so I had to assume she was drunk or really buzzed. Farrah and I looked at Cara in stunned silence before looking at each other and smiling awkwardly. I never thought Farrah was interested in me in that way and has threatened to cut my cock off if I ever cheated on her sister. I guess the sight of my cock and her sister's invitation had put other thoughts in her mind.

"Hey sis, he's got the hots for you. Don't you want to give him a birthday blowjob to see his cum tastes as good as I've told you it does?" Cara continued with a laugh in teasing her sister.

Farrah took another look at my growing hard-on.

"Hell yeah" she said as she took off her blouse and bra before she got down on her knees in front of me. We eased my pants halfway down my legs so she'd have full access to my cock and balls. She slowly ran her tongue up and down the length of my stiffening cock, taking time to swirl her tongue around the head.

I reached over, undid Cara's bra and tossed it aside, then leaned my head over and started to suck on her tits. At the same time Farrah lowered her mouth down over my raging hard-on as my cock felt as hard as steel. Her lips felt like they formed a vacuum seal around it as I felt the tip hitting the back of her throat. I moved my face from Cara's tits wrapped an arm around her looked into her eyes.

"Thank you," I whispered to my wife before kissing her deeply, sliding my tongue into her mouth.

The kiss was interrupted when I threw my head back and closed my eyes in extreme pleasure.

"Oh yeah," I groaned as Farrah started playing with my balls while she had all of my cok in her mouth. 

"Is she that much better than me," Cara said as she grabbed my face and looked into my eyes.

"Yes she is, you could definitely take some lessons from her," I said. 

"My turn sis," Cara said as she got on the floor and took my cock loosely between her lips and started bobbing up and down on rapidly. Farrah tried to get in to lick my balls but Cara pushed her aside. Cara stopped for a minute, squeezing the base.

"How was that?" she asked. 

"Nice, but Farrah was much better," I said. 

Cara released her grip on the base.

"Take the shaft, his balls are mine," Cara said before she started to lick and suck on my balls. 

She took them into her mouth one at a time, swirling her tongue around each one. 

"You can't just bob up and down, you have to use your whole mouth, applying some suction and pressure with your lips while teasing it with your tongue like this," Farrah said as started to slowly suck sending indescribable waves of pleasure through my body.

Farrah quickened her pace while Cara continued her oral assault on my nuts. 

A few minutes later I groaned "I'm gonna cum" and put my hands on Farrah's head, holding it in place as I pumped my hips up and shot stream after stream of cum into her mouth.

When I released my grip, Farrah raised her head up, cum dripping down the corners of her mouth.

"That tasted great. But we need to get him hard again. I NEED to ride this thing. Not a want, but a need. I NEED to see if he's as good as you brag to me he is," Farrah said. 

"You brag about me?" I asked. 

"Yeah, Farrah and I talk about sex. She tells me about how she gets it from different guys with varying degrees of skill and I tell her how great you are every night in the sack, never failing to give me an orgasm."

Cara finished stripping naked and Farrah took off her skirt to reveal she was bare-assed underneath before they took off my shirt and eased my pants the rest of the way down. They pulled me onto the floor with them. Cara lowered her pussy onto my face and got into a 69. 

The feeling of my tongue between her fleshy folds sent waves of pleasure through her body. I love eating her pussy and know how to do hers just right. My tongue was rapidly licking the length of her slit before I sucked her wet pussy lips into his mouth one at a time, savoring her taste. I slid my tongue between them and licked up and down while slowly easing a finger in and out of her pussy.

Cara lowered her mouth onto my cock and started to blow me while Farrah crawled between my legs and started to lick my balls. 

"Am I doing this right?" Cara asked a minute later. 

"Almost, but you need to do it more like this," Farrah said and took my cock into her mouth and bobbed up and down on it a few times with her lips wrapped tightly around it as her teeth brushed gently against it before releasing it.

Cara resumed her sucking using Farrah's technique while I continued to rapidly flick my tongue in and out and all around Cara's moistening pussy before moving up to her clit.

"Is that hard enough for ya?" Cara asked as she lifted her head.

Farrah continued to tongue my balls and reached up and gave the shaft a good tug.

"Yes it is," she said. 

Cara lifted herself up and then turned herself around on my face.

"Ride him any way you want, but I'm turning around so I don't have to watch. The only condition is that you stop before he cums again because I want to make sure that he cums inside me while fucking me hard," Cara moaned. 

The alcohol must've been having an effect on her because I've never heard her talk this way. I've asked her to talk dirty to me in the past and she hasn't. 

"Sure thing," Farrah laughed. 

I was in heaven, living out my fantasy. I felt the wet, tight moistness of Farrah's pussy wrapping itself around my cock as she lowered herself onto me. Although I love how tight and amazing Cara's pussy is, Farrah's felt even better. I reached up and grabbed Cara's ass, pulling her onto my face, savoring her taste.

My tongue continued its assault on her pussy lips until it found her clit and started to lick it and nibble on it. I was sliding one finger slowly in and out of her pussy before adding a second one and quickening the pace. Cara was moaning loudly in pleasure holding my head in place.

At the other end of my body, Farrah was riding with slow strokes, enjoying every inch, and grinding her wet pussy against my groin every time she was all the way down. She slowly started to quicken her pace, moaning how good it felt. Pretty soon was going at it hard and fast, leaning forward to put her hands on my chest for support as quick pants of "yes, yes, yes" escaped from her lips as her pussy continued to squeeze my cock tightly every stroke causing me to moan into Cara's pussy.

Cara was moaning and shrieking loudly in orgasm as she rode my tongue and fingers.

"I'm sorry but I need to do this," I said as I slid out from beneath Cara. 

I needed to see Farrah's tits bouncing as she rode me. They were glistening with sweat. I became possessed at the sight of them and leaned forward to suck the sweat off them. Farrah and I were both moaning in pleasure.

"I need to take control now," I said as I lifted Farrah off me. 

I stood her up and bent her over. I grabbed her hips, swiped my cock over her pussy once before pushing into her. I then started slamming into her hard and fast. Every few strokes I'd slap her ass. 

"God yes! I'm cumming!" Farrah moaned after five minutes of this. 

"I'm getting close," I moaned back. 

"My turn," Cara said as she tried moving Farrah out of the way. 

"Not yet, I'm sorry I'm being greedy but I want him shooting in me. This feels too good; I don't want him to stop." 

"Get over here right now and fuck me hard if you know what's good for you," Cara shouted at me as she laid back on the edge of the couch rubbing her pussy. 

I went a few more strokes before pulling out of Farrah and moving to Cara. I entered her in one quick, hard stroke. She had her ass hanging off the edge of the couch and I put her legs on my shoulders as I slammed into her hard and fast, leaning forward to kiss her, lick her neck and ear and grunt "thank you" to her and she just smiled in response. 

While pumping into her I felt a new sensation and looked down to see Farrah on the floor, licking my balls. I started to breathe harder with excitement. Sensing something was up, Cara slid her legs off my shoulders and started to slide them down my body while pushing her hips upward to meet my thrusts. Cara's moans of pleasure were taking me to the point of no return as I love hearing her moan that way. I groaned I was going to cum and Cara wrapped her legs around my waist tight to hold me in place as I fired what felt like endless streams of cum deep into her pussy.

"Oh God! I'm cumming!" Cara shrieked in joy. 

When she finally unwrapped her legs and released me, I pulled out of her and lowered my cock to Farrah's waiting mouth so she could lick me clean. I leaned in to give Cara a passionate hug and kiss. Then I stood up, helped Cara and Farrah get up and wrapped an arm around each, so I was squeezing a tit each and looked at them.

"Thank you for the best birthday ever," I said as I continued to catch my breath.

"You're welcome baby," Cara said as she leaned in and gave me a peck on the cheek. 

"You're welcome and hopefully we'll get to do this again soon," Farrah said as she gave me a peck on the other cheek and reached down to stroke my cock only to find Cara's hand already there. 

"I think we can arrange that," Cara replied with a sexy smile as sweat dripped down her forehead and breasts.

I just looked at both and smiled thinking that the reality was much better than my fantasies.

"Are you sure that's not the alcohol talking?" I said. 

"It's not," Cara said. "I never realized how much of a turn on it would be to watch you and Farrah fuck before getting my turn. I loved how hard you fucked me after pulling out of her. I loved how I was overcome with lust for you watching the two of you fuck and then having you slam into me. It's even better knowing that Farrah loves your cock but needs my permission to have it, while I can have it any time I want. Now she knows that I haven't been lying about how good I get it every night." 

"You're evil sis," Farrah said with a laugh. "Hopefully you'll let me have it many more times during my visit, with some of those times being alone." 

"We'll see," Cara grinned. 

"Do I need permission to have his tongue?" Farrah asked. "From the sounds you were making it appears that you were telling the truth about him being better at eating pussy than fucking." 

"Yes you need permission, and no you'll never get it" Cara said. "That tongue is my property exclusively. The cock I'm willing to share, the tongue I won't. What he does to me with that tongue is special and magical and mine alone."

"Do I get a say in any of this?" I chimed in. 

"No," the girls said in unison.

"It might be your birthday, but you're my toy for the weekend to do with as I please," Cara said. 

"Don't you mean OUR toy?" Farrah said. "That was the plan, wasn't it?" 

"What plan?" Cara laughed. "So tell me was I right about him?" 

"Yes, he's the best I've ever had," Farrah said. "Definitely not the biggest, but it was just the right size hitting all the right spots." 

"Glad to be of service," I said. 

Farrah went to her bed in the guest room while Cara & I collapsed onto our bed in our bedroom. We fell asleep in a naked, happy embrace.

Over the next three days, I got to fuck Farrah alone four times. I kept my tongue faithful to Cara and didn't taste Farrah's pussy, but fucked her in every position imaginable. We also had two more three-ways, and Cara and I fucked at least eight times, including a few with Farrah watching us, shouting encouragement and BJ tips. It was a thrill to fuck in front of an enthusiastic audience of one. 

It was unbelievable birthday weekend. Now how do I reciprocate when it's time for their 40th birthdays?