 (NAS Lemoore)

We were on the road early as I wanted to stop off at Lemoore Naval Air Station on the way to San Francisco to see an old buddy of mine who I broke in to bi action after Rocky left for the hospital in Germany. We had gotten together on a three day liberty in Iraq and wound up in bed most of the time especially since there wasn't much else to do. Bob was a Captain now and had been with the Marine detachment at Lemoore for a few years. He was married and had told me from emails we sent each other from time to time, that he never forgot our liberty in Iraq and masturbates to memories of it to this day. He had also told me that his wife got turned on by the thought of watching him with another guy so if we were ever in the neighborhood, we must drop in. I had never met Doris but he had sent me photos of them and she was a very attractive gal with what looked like a very nice although slightly full body. 

I had called him when we first arrived in LA to tell him we'd probably be dropping in on him in a few days and then called him last night to tell him we should be arriving in the afternoon. I called when we were about 30 minutes from the base and he told me to wait for him at the guard shack just to the right of the entrance and he would meet us there with our ID passes to the base. We pulled into the parking lot just before the main gate and went into the guard house to find our Marine hero waiting there with a big grin on his handsome face. We grabbed each other in greeting and I introduced him to Cory whom he knew only from emails and my stories. He called me over to the desk and had me sign a couple of papers and then handed me our ID papers reminding us to always carry them with us at all times. 

He told us to follow him to his house and after being checked by the Marine guard at the gate we followed him to the other side of the base where the housing units were. He motioned us to pull the RV into the driveway and we joined him outside as he showed us into a nice, split level brick house. As we walked up to the door, I asked him how his wife was taking our visit and he told us that all she has been talking about for the last couple of days, during sex, is watching him with another man. Cory laughed and told him that she can understand where she's coming from as she's the same way. 

When we got inside, a tall good looking brunette with a very comfortable looking body was standing there with a big smile on her face. Bob introduced us and asked if we would like a drink as he showed us into their living room. We sat down and he brought us drinks and he started to talk about old times in Iraq and after a few minutes of this, Doris looked at me and said, 

"Bob's told me many times about the first time you two had sex but I'd like to hear about it from you" 

I told her all about our first time and how horny we had been at the time. She was looking from me to him all through the story and was visibly aroused by what I was telling her. Then Cory asked her,

"Would you like to see them act it out for you right now?" and Doris asked her if she enjoys watching me with another guy also.

"That's one of my biggest turn ons! I always get horny when I see that. How about it?"

Doris nodded and Cory suggested that we undress right there and put on a show for both of them. We tore off our clothes as I couldn't wait to suck his beautiful cock again and it seemed he felt the same way. We lay down in a 69 on our sides and I grasped his large, thick penis in my hand and guided it to my mouth so I could nurse on his crown just as I felt his mouth around my shaft and head. I heard Doris gasp and utter,

"Oh my goodness, that's the hottest thing I've ever seen!" and Cory walked over and sat down next to her as they watched us. As I sucked Bob's delicious organ, I was able to see that Doris' eyes were fastened to her husband's mouth around my cock as she had her hand between her thighs and seemed to be playing with her pussy. Cory was talking sexy to her and fueling her fire and then I saw Cory remove Doris' hand and replace it with her own as she played with her pussy while they watched. Then Bob was taking me away on another high and I forgot all about the girls as I concentrated on sucking the beautiful organ in my mouth and feeding my cock to the talented mouth that was doing such wonderful things to me. 

Bob was first to cum and I heard him gurgle something while he was sucking me and then felt his penis expand in my mouth as it began shooting streams of cum. I swallowed each load and kept sucking deeply on his delicious meat until he came down from Nirvana. I let his limp penis slip from my lips as I rested my head on his thigh and looked over to see my wife on her knees in front of Doris as Doris had her feet on Cory's shoulders and Cory had her mouth fastened to Doris' pussy. Doris had a dreamy expression on her face as she fondled Cory's head and told us that she loved every minute of watching us cum together. She also told us that this is the first time she was ever sucked by a woman and she never wants Cory to stop. 

I raised my head off Bob's leg and told her that, as soon my cock is able to function again, I would like to put it in her and she smiled dreamily and told me that I could put it anywhere I wished. Bob told me that, except for a couple of isolated instances, this was the first time he sucked cock since I broke him in and it was well worth the wait as he always considered my cock his favorite. Doris chimed in by telling us that everytime they've had sex for the past years, he always described to her his first time with me and how much he enjoyed it. After a while, it got her hot also and she started to look forward to watching us and now that she's seen us in action, she wants to see more. She told Cory that the last time she was eaten by a girl was in high school with a very close cousin and that she didn't realize how much she enjoyed it until Cory just showed her. Then Bob said,

"Well buddy, since you want to fuck my wife, why don't you go ahead and while you're busy with her, I could be fucking you." 

Cory thought that was a great idea and told him that she would like him to fuck her while I fuck him sometime later and told Doris that they would have to concentrate on getting both of us hard so that we could start playing again. The girls came down and joined us on the carpet and played with our organs as Cory and I told them some of our sexy experiences coming across the country. When I told them about Martell in New Orleans, I thought they'd both have an orgasm as it seems they fantasize about hermaphrodites all the time. I answered all their questions about herms and then told them about Tina the TV in LA and that was right up their alley also. I told them that if they could get down to LA, I'd see if I could arrange for them to meet Don and Tina and they thanked me profusely as they would love that. 

We were all pretty horny by then, after talking about sex for so long and Doris' eyes were fastened to my penis which was fully erect and standing up and looking around for company. She asked if I would please fuck her and as I got in position and fit the head of my cock to her already wet pussy, I felt Bob behind me and then felt his cock rub across my anal opening before he pushed the head inside and forced a gasp from my lips as it entered me. Doris was watching me as we fucked and her husband fucked me and she kept telling him when he was hitting the right spots from the expressions on my face. 

Bob was groaning as he fucked me and kept telling me how much he missed my cock and my asshole. I watched Doris' face and saw that she was being turned on by the way he was talking to me and I felt her pussy contracting around my thick shaft as she lost herself in the passion of the moment. Then I heard Bob's expression of surprise and turned my head to see that Cory was working her dildo into his ass as he fucked me and his moans were turning us all on. 

Doris asked him how it felt with that big cock in his ass and he told her that she would have to get one also as it felt wonderful and he would love her to fuck him with it. As Cory stroked in and out of his ass, she told Doris what the other end of the dildo was doing to her and how wonderful the clit stimulator made her feel each time she thrust inside him. Doris loved the idea of fucking her husband and told him that she would get one just like it as soon as she could. 

I fed my cock deep inside her talented cunt which was contracting around my shaft and milking it as I held it there and Bob continued stroking in and out of my ass. The combination of the two of them had me off on another beautiful high when I heard Doris's breathing become heavy and looked down and saw her glazed eyes fastened to mine as she forced her cunt tight up against me and cried out as she came and wet my cock with her juices. Cory was next and as she came, she was shuddering and vibrating the dildo inside Bob which triggered his orgasm and I felt his cock expand in my ass and start spurting hot cum inside me in one load after another. 

I was in heaven as he filled me with his hot cum and his wife milked my organ with her beautiful cunt and before I realized it, my organ began shooting ropes of cum into the sweet receptacle of her pussy which caused her to have another mini-orgasm and she shook and moaned along with me as we visited Nirvana together. 

When we slowly detached from one another and lay back on the bed to relax, Doris murmured that she had never had such strong orgasms before and that she was loving everything that we were doing. She asked us how long we planned on staying and I told her that I had originally planned on continuing to San Francisco later today but that, if she liked we would stay the night and leave tomorrow instead.

"Oh yes! You've got to stay the night! I've waited so long for this that you can't end it so soon!" she cried and I smiled at her and told her OK. 

Bob told her that he was going to spend the night fucking and sucking me to help make up for all the time that was lost so Cory told her not to worry, that she would take good care of her tonight whenever we were busy. Bob told Doris not to bother with cooking tonight as we would go to the Officer's Club for an early dinner and then hop right back into bed as he wanted to take advantage of every minute of our short stay. Since it was starting to get late, we decided to shower and get dressed and Bob called the club for reservations. Cory and I headed back to the RV to get ready and about an hour later, came back into the house to find them having a drink and waiting for us.

We hopped into their car and a few minutes later were at the club. It was a very nicely decorated restaurant and Bob told us that the food was very good and the drinks, super. We noticed that last part immediately as the drinks we ordered were super sized and loaded with alcohol. 

"Two of these babies would have me two sheets to the wind!" Cory announced as she picked up her scotch.

Bob winked at her and whispered for her to take it easy as she might not be able to get hard later and she smiled at him as she told him that drinks would never affect her performance but that he better heed his own words as she doesn't want to be disappointed either. Dinner was excellent and none of us stuffed ourselves as we all wanted to be fit for a lot of action later rather than feel sleepy from too much food. As soon as we finished coffee, Bob asked for the check and when I offered to split it with him, he refused telling me that he planned on having me pay for it in other ways. I could see that he was anxious to get back to his place and go back to where we left off before, so I asked him, with a serious face, if there was a good movie on the base that we could see now. He grinned at me as he knew that I was pulling his leg and told us to get a move on since he was getting hard already.

As soon as we got back to his place, he started to undress and unveiled a gorgeous erection that he said he had all through dinner. We followed his lead and got undressed also and then I suggested that, since we had put on a show for the girls to start things off earlier, they put on a show for us now. Doris was enthused about it since she had just rediscovered how good girl sex was and Cory was always ready for girl action so they got into bed as Bob and I sat down on the couch to watch. 

Doris asked Cory to lay back and relax as she wanted to make love to her first as she wanted to remember this through all the barren months after Cory leaves. Cory smiled at her and spread her legs and ran her hand through Doris' hair as she lowered her head to her crotch. As Doris started to lick the swollen labia, Bob reached over and grasped my hardening penis in his hand as he told me how horny he was getting watching his wife suck mine. 

As I mentioned before, Doris was a meaty girl with large, full breasts, wide hips, big ass and sexy thighs and her crotch was gorgeous especially when she was on her knees with her rear end facing us and her large labia majora peeking out from her thighs. I asked Bob if there were any couples on base that they could have sex with and he said he didn't know of any but that he had heard that some of the wives got together for sex when their husbands were on deployment so it's possible that Doris could hook up with some gals which might lead to something for him also. I wished him luck and told him that if he ever gets transferred closer to us, we'd have a ball together. I could see that his eyes were becoming glazed from watching his wife working so lovingly on Cory and that he was starting to ooze precum so I got down on my knees between his legs and told him to keep watching them as I wanted to have some desert also. 

When my mouth closed over his crown, he gasped and held my head in his hands and told me how good it felt. I lovingly nursed on his sweet cockhead and played with his big balls while he moaned and told Doris how good my mouth felt on his cock. She was lost in Cory's delicious crotch and was licking and sucking her from her clitoris to her anus and everything in between and Cory was giving us a running commentary on how good her mouth felt. I, in turn, was enjoying sucking Bob's beautiful erection and remembered how much I had loved it the first time I sucked it in Iraq. I'm not sure how long it was that I was sucking him but I was awakened from my reverie by Cory who told me to stop what I was doing before he came as she wanted his cock inside her right now since Doris had gotten her so worked up she just had to have it. 

I reluctantly pulled from my mouth from his cock and he got up on the bed between Cory's spread thighs and inserted the head into her wet and ready hole. When he was deep seated inside her, she called out to me to put my cock in his ass and told Doris to get the strap on ready so she could fuck me when I was inside Bob. My cock was hard and throbbing from sucking his cock so I rubbed some precum over his anal opening and pushed the crown inside as he gasped and pushed back for more. I slowly worked it inside him until my pubic hairs were mashed up against his ass cheeks and then I timed my strokes to his and the three of us started fucking. 

As I was thrusting my organ in his warm and comfortable anus, Doris came up behind me and pushed the head of the lubed dildo into my tight asshole and started to gasp as the other end moved inside her cunt and the clit stimulator started doing its job. Having her fuck me while I was fucking her husband and he was fucking my wife was quite a turn on for all of us and we soon lost ourselves in the pleasures of the moment. 

Cory was telling us about the sexy expressions on Bob's face as I stroked my thickness into him and he stroked his into Cory. She was telling Doris how sexy her husband looked but I don't think she heard anything as she was lost in the pleasures the dildo was giving her each time she stroked deep inside my ass. Then I felt her thrust deep inside me and start to shudder and gasp as her orgasm struck and she held me tightly by the hips as she came. 

Cory was next and she groaned as she flooded Bob's organ with her juices which seemed to trigger his orgasm as I felt his ass contract around my penis and felt his spasms through my cock as he pumped his cum into Cory. I joined them a few moments later and thrust my penis deep inside his ass as I started spraying his insides with my juices. Sometime later, I felt Doris withdraw the dildo from my ass and I pulled my cock out of his as he rolled off Cory and the four of us lay back to recover. 

We spent the rest of the evening taking turns sucking and fucking each other and then went to sleep as Bob had early duty in the morning and would be gone by the time we got up. He and I spent the night sleeping in a 69 with our cocks in each other's mouth all night as did the girls since they didn't know when they would have any more of this kind of sex. I awoke and found a note from Bob telling me he'd be in touch via email as soon as we got back home and the two of us gave Doris a couple of nice orgasms before we left in the late morning and headed for San Francisco.