 Titus James Edwards sat on his bed. He was in his room. The house was empty. His parents were out for the weekend and big sister Rhonda was out on a date with a guy named Troy. Titus was one bored cat. He was eighteen years old. A slim guy with dark curly hair and expressive eyes. He'd been called many things, from dopey sweet to immature. He decided to call his friends and do something.

He was that bored. He called Ted, but the bastard wasn't there. He then called his buddy Lauren. He invited her over. She had nothing to do so she came over. Titus greeted her. She was a lovely, curvy girl who was a year older than he was. She had long black hair and blue eyes. She was dressed in the gothic fashion. 

"Hi, Lauren," he said.

"Hello, Titus."

They went to the living room. Titus wanted to watch something. He put an unmarked tape in the VCR. The two friends sat on the couch and Titus pressed Play. The screen came to life and what they saw surprised them both. On the screen was a porno. A tall black guy came in and started to kiss a Latino guy. 

"Ugh, queer porn," said Titus.

He wanted to stop the tape but Lauren stopped him. They watched as the two men made out. Then, they started going at it. The black guy started fucking the hell out of the Latino guy. They were joined by a tall blonde woman who looked like a centerfold. She joined in the action, sucking off both men at the same time. Then, the black guy fucked the blonde woman's ass while she was on her hands and knees, sucking off the Latino guy. Then, both men got to her and they fucked her pussy and ass at the same time. Now this was something Titus could get into. 

They watched the whole tape, which featured several more scenes. The blonde woman fucked a Latino woman with a strap-on dildo. The two men and the women had a four-way going on in which everybody got fucked every which way. The two young people's eyes remained riveted on the screen. The tape lasted all of sixty minutes.

"Well, that was different," said Titus in a quiet voice. He couldn't believe he just watched porn, weird porn, with a girl in the room.

Lauren was looking at him. "Yeah."

Titus suddenly noticed she was looking at him in a very strange way and was breathing heavily.

Titus looked at Lauren and they kissed hesitantly. Although they had been friends for years, she always had a thing for him. Titus kissed her, his tongue darting in her mouth. Slowly, he undressed her. He admired her sexy young body. She really was the prettiest girl in the world. Giggling, she unbuttoned his shirt and undid his pants. The two young people stood naked in the room, their eyes locked.

"We don't have to if you don't want to," Titus said.

Lauren grinned. "I want to."

They began the kisses again and this time Titus ran his hands all over her body, caressing her blossoming tits and soft round butt. A bit impatient, Lauren took him to bed. This was a first for the both of them.

Lauren kissed Titus and took his cock, now fully erect in her hands. "Oh, Titus, it's so hard!" Titus winked. Lauren had seen girls do this in some videos. She attempted to take Titus's cock in her mouth. She did. She licked it and sucked it. The taste was not unpleasant. She kept licking tentatively, caressing it with her tongue. Titus moaned under her touch. Lauren rubbed her hands on her pussy and fingered herself while sucking Titus's cock. 

Then all of a sudden Titus just shot his cum all over her face. The cum shot surprised Lauren. Titus's cum was warm and sticky. She attempted to lick it. It was not unpleasant, sort of slippery and gooey but not unpleasant. She licked it, not letting it stay long in her mouth. She just swallowed it. Titus looked at her. He couldn't believe this was happening. He was getting sucked off by Lauren. He decided to return the favor.

He made her lie on her back on the bed and parted her legs. He looked at her cunt. There was very little hair on it. He looked up at Lauren, a vision of loveliness. He began to lick her cunt. He had never done this before. Lauren parted her pink pussy lips with her fingers and Titus licked the inside of her pussy. He stuck his finger in there and turned it around. Lauren gasped. 

"You okay?" Titus asked.

Lauren looked at him with wide eyes. "Do that again."

Titus did, and soon was licking her like there was no tomorrow. He was new to this but he must done something right for Lauren was soon panting and moaning under his touch. She screamed in pleasure and Titus watched in amazement as she came.

They lay in bed next to each other. "How was that?" Titus asked her.

"Totally cool." Lauren said. 

Titus smiled and kissed her on the lips. The sensation of her lips on his made him hard again. Lauren noticed. "Well, well. Look who's happy." she said.

Titus shrugged. Lauren took his cock in her mouth once more. She knelt before him and sucked his cock. Titus just stood there, the warmth of Lauren's mouth and her agile tongue on his member were unbelievable. He came. Again. Lauren went to the bed and lay there. Titus stared at her. "What?" Lauren smiled and motioned for the seat next to her. Titus joined her there. "I want it in me," she said.

Titus panicked. This was crazy. "What if you get pregnant?" he said.

Lauren smiled. "Don't worry." She pulled a condom out of her pocket. "I'm always prepared."

Titus watched as she took the condom and put it on his cock. Then, they tried out different positions. Titus tried lying on top of Lauren but he didn't want to crush her. So, she just made him lie down flat on his back with his erect cock pointed upward then she lowered herself onto him. Down she went. She winced a little as Titus's cock entered her. Titus had never felt anything like this before. He began to thrust upward. "Fuck me, Titus." Lauren said.

He did, reaching with his arms to hold her and then fucking her hard and fast. Lauren fell forward and he lay her on her back, holding her legs with his hands and fucking her pussy. Lauren looked at Titus as he fucked her, and smiled. Titus smiled back, then winced.

"What's wrong?" Lauren asked with concern.

Titus gasped, and came. He shot his load deep inside her, as the condom broke. He fell into her arms.

The two best friends lay on the bed, resting in each other's arms.

"How was it?" said Lauren.

"Great," said Titus.

"Cool," said Lauren.

They smiled at each other. "Guess we're not virgins anymore, huh?" said Titus.

"Nope." said Lauren.

Titus took her hand in his and squeezed it. "I love you, Lauren."

Lauren's eyes glowed with emotion. "Oh, Titus." she said and she gave him a hug.

After this, Titus and Lauren became more and more inseparable. They were the best of friends and secret lovers, sneaking around in their houses and other places to make love. Titus was having the time of his life.

It has been three months since Titus and Lauren first made love. They had done many times since then. So many times Titus had lost count. They bought condoms and she was on the pill. He borrowed his parents' van and it became one of their favorite places. They began to officially go out. Their parents approved. Rhonda thought it was gross. Ted just acted weird. But all in all, it was okay.

Titus lay in bed. He was having one of those nightmares. He had been having them for a few weeks now. Dreams of naked men. Dreams so intense he was terrified of them. He didn't understand them. He knew he wasn't a queer. He had a girlfriend, Lauren. He loved her. They had sex more times than he cared to count. 

He enjoyed spending time with her. So, how could he be gay? He caught himself checking out some guys at school. He hated himself for doing it. He went to the adult video store and bought a hot video. He put it in his VCR.

He watched it. He was hard pretty fast. He was glad to know he still liked women. He called Lauren and she came over. They made love and made love until they were sated.

"I've never seen you so passionate," said Lauren as she lay next to him.

"I just needed to prove myself," he muttered.

Lauren's eyes narrowed. "What?" Titus looked at her.

"I love you, Lauren. You are the best thing that's ever happened to me."

Lauren smiled at him. "Ditto," she said.

Titus looked at her. She was so beautiful and she was with him! He couldn't imagine not being in love with her. He was so silly to think for a second that he could be one of those weirdoes who went against the laws of nature and preferred their own gender. He took something out of his pocket. It was a ring. He put it on Lauren's finger.

"I love you, Lauren." he said.

Lauren gasped. The ring had cost a small fortune. She hugged Titus and kissed him. "Thank you, Titus. I love you so much." she said.

Titus hugged her and kissed her. He loved her too. He hoped her love would be enough to save him from what he feared he was becoming.

The next day, Titus sat at the table with his family. Steve Edwards was there, the patriarch. He sat next to his lovely wife Alexandra Edwards and their children, Curtis Edwards, Rhonda Edwards and the baby of the family, Titus Anthony Edwards. For once, Titus was quiet. He watched his family. They were so normal. He had always been the oddball, the weirdo. Maybe he did deserve to be....something unnatural. He wanted so much to tell them what had been bothering him the past few months. He was about to speak when his father glanced at the newspaper.

He read aloud : "Supporters and Opponents of Gay Marriage Gather at the State House." Steve Edwards shook his bald head. "Bunch of queers want to get married now," he said.

Alexandra, his wife shook her head as well. "I feel sorry for parents with queer kids."

Rhonda grinned. "There's this chick named Brenda in my class. She's a total dyke."

Curtis Edwards looked at his sister. "Really? There's a fag in my gym class." he said. "I have to watch out when I'm showering."

Steve Edwards joked. "Don't pick up your soap if you drop it," he chuckled.

Titus listened to all this and said nothing.

"How about you Titus?" asked Rhonda.

"What about me?" Titus asked angrily.

"Tell us a story." said Curtis.

"About queers." said Rhonda.

"Oh, I don't know, I think I might be becoming one." he said coldly. "Or at least bi," he added quietly.

"Good one, son." his mother said.

"Yeah, Titus a queer? He fucks Lauren way too much." said Curtis.

Titus just smiled and got up.

He went to his room and decided to call Lauren. Maybe he could talk to her about it. He loved her and she said she loved him. He didn't want to burden her with his crap. He called Ted, his best friend. Alan Ted picked up the line. Titus's heart beat faster.

"Hello, Titus." he said.

Titus gasped. "How did you know it was me?"

Ted laughed. "Maybe I am psychic and should work with Miss Cleo or maybe I have caller ID. Pick one."

Titus laughed. Just talking to Ted made him feel better. He hesitated. "Say, Ted, ever wonder what it would be like to be queer?" he asked.

There was a silence at the other line. Oh, man, what have I done? Titus thought.

Ted's voice came loud and clear. "I don't have to wonder," he said. "I am bisexual."

Titus's heart beat faster. "Me too," he said in a quiet voice.

"I know," said Ted. "I have known you were. Heck, I like your sister Rhonda. She is totally hot. But I kind of like you." Titus hesitated. 

"As a friend, dumb ass." Ted said.

Titus sighed in relief.

Ted went silent.

"You okay?" asked Titus.

"Yeah, man." said Ted. "Say, want to come over and watch Underworld on DVD with me?" Titus agreed.

"Sure, man. Got any porn?"

Ted laughed. "I've got everything from Straight to Transsexual to Bisexual Erotica."

Titus agreed to come over and then said bye.

He couldn't believe he just came out to Ted. His best guy friend. He had no idea Ted was bisexual.

He decided to try his luck and called Lauren. He hesitated, then told her jokingly that he was bi. She scoffed. "And that is supposed to be a secret?" she said. "Titus, I knew you were bi from the moment I met you."

Titus gasped. Oh, my God. She knew! He was going to lose her? He felt ashamed. "And how do you feel about my being bi?" he asked.

"I think it's cool. Just as long as I am the only female you're fucking." she said.

Titus couldn't believe his luck. His best male friend was bi and totally accepting of him and his girlfriend was okay with him being bi. He was truly blessed! He had to be. "Hey, Lauren?" he said. Lauren's sweet voice came through the phone, sexy and sultry, making him hard as hell. "I love you, and if I ever marry a girl, it'd be you." Lauren laughed.

"I'm going to hold you onto to that. I love you. Bye." she hung up.

Titus sat back on his bed, truly happy with his day and how his life was going.

He had a beautiful girlfriend who knew what he was and was cool with it and a best friend who supported him. Wow. Life was GREATTT!!!

He got ready to go to Ted's and have a blast.

Lauren Jacobs sat in her room at the West Hall Farms. Her father, Mr. Joe Jacobs owned the farms. He was a wealthy landowner.

The young girl sat on her bed, she was deep in thought. Not long ago, her boyfriend Titus had confided in her one of his biggest secrets. He was bi-curious. She had freaked out. What girl wouldn't? Still, she tried to remain calm. She was supportive. She went and did research on males that were gay or bisexual. She learned a lot about them. Titus told her that while he was attracted to girls most of the time, sometimes he felt attracted to guys. She didn't want to lose him. She went to the GLBT meetings with him.

Since Titus had come out to Lauren about his bicuriosity, a whole new world had opened up to them. Titus had never acted on his same-sex desires. Not once. Lauren feared that someday he might decide to leave her for a man. She didn't want that to happen to her. She loved her boyfriend more than life itself. At the GLBT meetings she met a couple of people she already knew. Alan Ted, one of Titus's best guy friends was also bisexual. Alan was dating a girl named Marie Mendoza and Marie was supportive as well. This sort of reassured Lauren. Maybe this could work. Titus had told her time and again that he loved her and not any other boy or girl on Earth but Lauren couldn't help feel suspicious...sometimes.

She was still deep in thought when she heard a knock on her door. There he was. Titus Edwards. The debonair, cool and sometimes nerdy kid next door. The boy she loved.

Lauren Jacobs looked at Titus. He smiled at her. She blushed. Titus's smile still had the power to make her weak in the knees. He took a step toward her and she came closer to him. They kissed. A long and deep kiss. Lauren loved kissing Titus. Every kiss she shared with Titus felt like the first time. Not that he was a novice but because he made it special. They parted to catch their breaths.

Titus grinned. Lauren smiled at him. "Come here, you." she said.

Titus hesitated. He never knew what to expect with Lauren. She pulled him into her arms. He kissed her again and felt her hands stroking him affectionately. They went down on the hay-covered floor of the barn. Titus and Lauren rolled around, laughing and giggling. Lauren found herself on top of Titus. He grinned and looked up at her. "You are so beautiful." he said. Gently, he stroked her cheek. 

Lauren's heart went pitter-patter in her chest. She loved the way Titus made her feel, like she was the only girl in the world. She felt his youthful, hard body underneath her. "I love you, Titus." she said. Titus grinned even wider.

Slowly, looking into each other's eyes, the young lovers undressed. Titus admired Lauren's hot, young and sexy body. Her skin was a pale pink. He admired her perky breasts, slim waist and cute butt. She admired his young masculine form and lengthening cock. They stood, facing each other. Without a word, they embraced and went down in the hay. They kissed and caressed each other, seeking out every sensitive spot and looking for comfort and pleasure that only their bodies could bring. Laughing, kissing, they found each other. They fought playfully, each one jockeying for position. Titus ended up on top of Lauren. She looked up at him. He glared down at her, smiling victoriously. Lauren smiled to herself. He thought he had her. She had him right where she wanted him.

Lauren made a sudden move and wrapped her legs behind Titus's back. He gasped in surprise. He looked at her. Her eyes begged him to make love to her. Lauren could feel Titus's hard cock pressing against her leg. She wanted to feel it deep inside her. She opened herself to him and he slowly guided his cock inside her. Titus entered Lauren and was amazed by the warmth radiating between her legs. 

Lauren closed her eyes and embraced her lover. Titus started to fuck her, thrusting his manhood deep inside her. She welcomed him inside her, giving him maximum access inside her temple. Titus continued to fuck her, hard and fast. He went at a nice and easy rhythm. Lauren felt his hot cock throbbing inside her. It was an incredible feeling. She caressed her breasts and moaned, abandoning herself to the mastery of her lover, surrendering herself to him. 

He fucked her, nice and hard. Hard and fast. He plowed deep inside her and she screamed in ecstasy. She felt his body trembling on top of hers. She knew what that meant. Titus came, sending hot cum deep inside her. Lauren and Titus screamed as an orgasm rocked their bodies simultaneously.

A little while later, the two young lovers lay side by side. Lauren looked at Titus. He rested beside her. His eyes were closed and he seemed spent. She kissed him on the cheek. It was astonishing how much she loved this boy. They were best friends and one day, she fell in love with him. He had fallen asleep. Lauren watched him for the longest time. He whispered her name in his sleep. Her heart warmed when she heard that. She kissed him. For the first time since he told her his secret, she felt reassured. Maybe it would work. She loved him, didn't she? He loved her too. No one knew him better than she did. Not any man or any woman. She loved Titus and would fight to keep him at any cost.

"You're mine." she whispered as she watched him sleep. "No one is going to take you away from me, my love."

Titus Anthony Edwards walked out of the GLBT meeting. The meeting had taken place at a small brownstone building somewhere in town. There were lots of people there. Young men and women who were gay, bisexual or questioning. He had gotten used to coming to these meetings since it dawned on him that he might be bisexual.

He was not alone. His best friend Ted was there. Ted was one of those guys who looked and acted straight. Ted was Titus's best friend and one of the first people he came out to. He had recently learned that Ted was bisexual and had a girlfriend named Marie who knew about her boyfriend's sexual orientation and was fully supportive. Presently, they were in Marie's car. They were driving to the house. Marie's parents were away for the weekend. Marie and Ted had planned to have some fun and stuff. Titus had been glad to tag along. All three of them had more than a few beers to drink...

Alan Ted kissed Marie and they started undressing each other. Titus admired them both. Alan Ted had a swimmer's lean and muscular body. Marie was gorgeous with her cute face, trim body, nice tits and pert, sexy little ass. The sight of them aroused Titus immensely. He watched them go down on each other. Those two obviously knew each other's needs and bodies very well. Marie started kissing Ted from head to toe and he did the same to her. She lay on the bed with her legs spread. Ted came and started licking her pussy. His agile tongue lapped at her cunt like it was the sweetest thing she'd ever tasted. 
