 (San Francisco)

We pulled up to the RV office in South San Francisco which was located just west of the airport and the attendant took us to our parking space and hooked up our utilities. It was still fairly early so we decided to take a nap and then shower and get dressed for dinner. Some friends had told us that we shouldn't miss going to Parisi's for dinner as it was one of the best in the city so I called for reservations and luckily got a table for two at 8 pm. The office had given us a map of the city and I quickly located where the restaurant was and figured that it would be better to take the jeep and park it in a garage near Parisi's rather than taking a cab into the city so we unhooked the jeep and headed downtown.

The restaurant was near Gold Street and we found a garage about a block away and parked the jeep. The restaurant was decorated like old San Francisco with red velvet walls and brocaded furniture and converted gaslight chandeliers and looked terrific. The hostess showed us to our table and we ordered drinks. While we were drinking and talking about the décor, etc., I noticed a couple in a booth just opposite us who were staring at us and obviously talking about us to each other for some time. After awhile, the guy stood up and came over to our table. He was very tall, about an inch or so taller than me, well built, rugged looking with dark wavy hair and had a winning smile. 

"Pardon me, but my wife and I are quite sure that we met at Harold and Pat's party at their home on Long Island last summer. Are we right?"

As soon as he mentioned Harold and Pat's names, I remembered them and saw that Cory did also.

"Yes, we remember now although please forgive us but we can't remember your names."

"Roger and Alice and I believe your wife's name is Cory" 

I told him that he was correct and congratulated him on a very good memory as we had only spent an hour or so with them at the party. I told him my name and, after shaking hands, he asked,

"We haven't had dinner as yet. Would you like to join us in our booth. There's plenty of room and we can catch up on old times."

Cory agreed and we moved over to the booth where he introduced us to his wife Alice, who brought back a flood of pleasant memories as soon as I looked at her and took her hand and I could see that Cory reacted the same way. She was a very attractive blonde with small but beautifully shaped breasts which were shown off perfectly in the tight fitting string dress she was wearing. Her nipples were clearly visible through the fabric and I could see that she wasn't wearing a bra. Harold and Pat had introduced us soon after we got to their party and we hit it off so well with them that we wound up having sex right after Harold and Pat moved on to see to some other arriving guests. 

Their party was an orgy for about 75 couples and everyone had removed their clothing when they entered the house so we had all been nude when we met and couples were having sex all around us so we just fell into the mood of the moment and had a ball taking turns with each other for about an hour until some of Roger's friends came over during a break in our action and spirited them away. We had wanted to get together again before the night was over but the party was so large, we never even saw them again. 

"Alice and I looked around for you a few hours later but couldn't find you in the mass of bodies" he told us and we told them that we looked around for them also with no luck. 

"Well then, this must be a stroke of fate! Someone up there wanted us to get together again and arranged this meeting!" he stated with conviction and we had to agree. 

They told us that they lived in San Francisco and had been visiting friends in New York when the invitation to the party had come in. Their friends called Harold and he told them to bring them along and that's how they wound up there. I asked where they lived and they told us that they had a condo in a high rise about ten blocks from the restaurant and asked if we would like to come back to their place after dinner to renew old acquaintances. From the eager look on Cory's face, I could see that she was all for it so I told him we'd love to. We ordered dinner and all through it, we brought up remembrances of that night at the party and were getting quite aroused from the hot conversation. 

The meal was everything we had been told and the company that we unexpectedly met made dinner exceptionally good. As soon as we finished coffee, we paid the check and when we got up both Cory and I fastened our eyes on Alice's superb hips and ass as she moved out of the booth and we gave each other a look of approval. Roger started to walk over to a cab until I told him that we had our jeep parked in a garage a block away so we all walked there and followed his directions to their building and parked in the visitor's area of the building's garage. 

He showed us up to a fabulous penthouse apartment on the top floor of the building with a wrap around terrace and a picture postcard view of the Golden Gate Bridge through floor to ceiling windows. Alice told us that Roger is an architect and had designed the building and wound up getting the best apartment. He brought us some after dinner cordials and, as we sipped our drinks, Cory brought up the fact that, as she remembers it, Alice was a gusher and had fed her quite of bit of juice the last time we got together. Alice smiled and blushed slightly as Roger answered,

"You're absolutely correct! She cums like no other woman I've ever known! It's creamy and delicious and there's plenty of it to go around. Would you like to sample some right now?" 

Cory stated that she had purposely skipped desert at the restaurant because she knew she would having plenty of sweets after dinner and accepted his offer immediately. Alice's expression immediately changed to one of pure lust as she lifted her hips off the couch and pulled her dress around her hips to reveal her totally naked body.

"Alice likes to go out naked under her dress as it makes her feel very sexy" he explained as Cory went over as if in a trance and kneeled down between Alice's sexy legs and began to kiss the insides of her thighs as she slowly worked her tongue up to the center of her womanhood and began licking the delicate labia lips which were parting to reveal the pink, moist vaginal opening. 

"I'm sorry, old boy, but the sight of my wife being eaten by a woman makes me wild. I've got to free this tool before it bursts through my pants" and he zipped down his fly and took his gorgeous, thick erection out of his pants followed by a large pair of tight, full balls. I moved over next to him and grasped the thick pole in my hand as we watched the women. Alice was muttering sweet things to Cory as she ran her hands through Cory's hair and moved her pussy around so that Cory could taste every inch of her crotch. Roger's cock felt wonderful in my hand and I felt him reaching for my zipper so I let go for a moment and unzipped and withdrew my thick erection so that he could play also. As we sat there and stroked each other's cocks, Alice took Cory's face in her hands and brought her up for a long soul kiss after which, she suggested that we all go inside and make ourselves comfortable.

"You two look gorgeous with those beautiful cocks of yours poking out of your pants but I think you'd be more comfortable naked" she said to us as they got up and went into the bedroom. 

We agreed and stood up and started to undress as we followed the girls inside. When we were naked, we went to the foot of the bed as Cory and Alice drifted into a 69 and began sucking each other's pussies. Roger and I watched for a few minutes as we played with each other and then, as if by signal, we both lay down on our sides and rested our heads on each other's thigh as we started sucking the beautiful organs in front of our eyes. When I took his smooth, sculpted crown in my mouth, I remembered how much I had enjoyed sucking him a year ago and I lost myself in his gorgeous penis once again as he sucked firmly on mine and lifted his head every so often to tell me how delicious I tasted. 

I had his thick shaft deep down my throat and was swallowing around it and milking it and each time I swallowed he moaned and his penis throbbed and that feeling of inner peace came over me that I always get when I have a nice, thick cock as far down as I can get it. He was doing a beautiful job on my organ and I was moving my hips slowly back and forth and fucking his mouth as he sucked deeply on my throbbing shaft. As I sucked his beautiful and tasty penis, I suddenly remembered that he shoots quite a bit of cum and I could look forward to a healthy drink. The last time I sucked him at that party, Cory and I had shared his orgasm and there was plenty for both of us. We continued taking each other away on fantastic highs as we sucked, nibbled and kissed each other's organs and occasionally worked on our balls. 

We heard Cory and Alice cum a few times and heard Cory marveling over the quantity of juice that Alice was feeding her and then I felt his cock expand in my mouth as it started to shoot cum and I wrapped my lips around his crown and sucked deeply on the smooth flesh swallowing each delicious load as he fed it to me. He was groaning in ecstasy as he sucked my penis and kept filling my mouth with his juices. While he was still cumming, my organ exploded in his mouth and began spurting cum also so the two of us drank each other's juices and went off to Nirvana together. I can't remember how many loads he shot but when his last spasm passed, I was disappointed as I still wanted more and I kept sucking deeply on his penis hoping to draw some more out. 

When we finally parted and sat up, we saw that the girls were sitting back against the headboard each playing with the other's pussy and watching us. Alice told us that we looked great together and that she thoroughly enjoyed the show. Cory backed her up and told her that I put on a great show for her in each city we visit and that perhaps we should contract for a nationwide tour and make our fortune. 

"Well, if you did, I would certainly buy a ticket and I know a few gals that would love to see it also" Alice said.

I looked at her as a sudden idea formed. "Why don't you call them up and ask them if they'd like to see a show like that? It would be a hell of a turn on for me. How about you?" I asked Roger.

He said, "Now that you mention it, it would be a hell of a turn on!"

Alice stroked her chin as she thought it out and then asked us if we would still be in town tomorrow night. We told her that we planned on staying until the morning after next as we made reservations for a flight back then so it would be OK for us but what is she thinking of?

"I know four gals that would die to see a show like that only I don't know if they would be available for tomorrow night. They're in my social club and have discussed this very topic a few times when we sat around in small groups having coffee. Their phone numbers are in the club book. Shall I call them now and find out?" she asked.

I looked at Roger and we both smiled and said OK so she got her book and started making a few phone calls in the other room. She came back in about 15 minutes later with a big smile on her face. Roger had his mouth covering Cory's crotch and was enjoying himself as Cory ran her fingers through his hair. 

"Three of them will be here at eight tomorrow night" she announced. "I don't know if they had anything planned but if they did it was cancelled as soon as I told them about the show." 

I asked her what they looked like and if they were young or old and she told us that they were average looking gals anywhere from 30 to 50 and couldn't believe that they were actually going to see something that they had only fantasized about for years. I looked at Roger and told him that we'd better come up with an act since showtime is tomorrow night. Cory had seemed enthused with the idea since Alice had first mentioned it and suggested,

"Why don't you start off by coming in wearing robes and then disrobe in front of them and walk up to each and show them your cocks and ask if they would like to feel it? That should have both of you good and hard in no time. Then one of you could slowly work on the other making him good and horny and then switch places before you 69 for them." she blurted out.

We all agreed that Cory should be our agent and director and gave her the job of coming up with various acts for a 2 hour show. 

"None of these women have met Roger so we could say that we hired these two guys to put on the show and they'd never know the difference." Alice suggested.

Cory said that she could be one of Alice's friends that she invited also with no mention of her being my wife. The two girls seemed to get a kick out of the conspiracy and I motioned Alice to come over to me and lay back on the bed as I wanted to show my appreciation for her great idea. She lay down with a big smile on her face and when I looked at her my cock started to awaken again as she looked so sexy and womanly lying there with her pert breasts and erect nipples as she displayed her gorgeous crotch to my gaze. Her labia were slightly parted revealing a pink orifice and her clit hood was swollen and slowly getting larger. 

I couldn't resist the sight and lay down on my stomach so that I could lick and nibble on her labia and pull them with my lips as she gasped whenever I snapped them back. I played with her breasts and nipples as I kissed and licked her pussy and when my tongue caressed her clit hood, she groaned and held my head as she ground it into my mouth.

I loved her taste and smell and immediately lost myself in her womanhood. She was running her hands through my hair and telling me how good I was making her feel and then describing to me what her husband and my wife were doing. There was a constant flow of sweet juices coming down her passage and I spent some quality time licking them up and enjoying their delicious flavor. Her reactions were fabulous and made it an even sexier experience as I loved the sounds she was making and the sexy things she was telling me while I enjoyed worshipping her crotch. Her anus was also a turn on as it had small labia-like lips around the opening and each time I slipped my tongue between them she would groan and her anus would open so that I could slide my tongue inside. While tongue fucking her anus, 

I slipped two fingers inside her cunt and as I jilled her, I rubbed my thumb over her clit and she started to buck and moan as she went off on a fabulous trip which resulted in a mind blowing orgasm that deposited her copious juices all over my face. When she came down, she was practically cooing in satisfaction and I slowly got up and lay down alongside her. 

Roger was on his hands over Cory stroking his cock in and out of her cunt and we both watched in fascination as her labia grasped his thick penis and wouldn't let go even when he pulled out to the head and they practically turned inside out. Alice had her hand on my throbbing erection as we watched them and then asked me if I would please do her the way her husband is doing Cory. I rolled over on top of her and lifted myself up with my hands and fit the head of my organ to her wet opening and slid it inside as she gasped and I looked into her wide open eyes and saw the passion reflected there. I was watching her expressions as I stroked back and forth inside her comfortable, tight hole and each time I went in deep her pupils dilated and a deep sigh escaped her lips. 

Then I heard Roger ask, "Why can't we make this part of the show tomorrow?"

Cory answered that the primary purpose of the show was to let the gals watch two guys have sex with each other, not other women. Alice concurred and then suggested that part of the show should include a fucking act between us since the gals had mentioned in their previous conversations how much of a turn on it was to see one man fucking another. I looked over at Cory and told her to work that into the show also and her face lit up as she said,

"I've got an idea! I'm going to bring my strap on in case any of the gals want to use it on either or both of you!" 

Alice asked her what kind she had and when she told her, she told me she'd be right back as she slipped out from under me and went over to the dresser and removed a large and thick, realistic looking double ender strap on which she handed to Cory as she got back under me and fit my cock to her pussy and captured it deep inside her once again. 

"This is just like mine" Cory told her "but I'll bring it anyway just in case two of them want to fuck at the same time."

I went back to fucking Alice only this time I let myself rest on her comfortable body and felt her gorgeous breasts and hard nipples against me as I worked my organ slowly in and out of her. She opened her lips and I kissed her, slipping my tongue inside as I felt her sucking it like it was my cock. As she sucked my tongue, she moaned and thrust her body tightly to mine and started to groan and shake as her orgasm arrived and I felt her warm, wet juices cover my shaft. She was shaking and moaning for some time before I felt her relax and come down from her high. Her cunt was still contracting around my thickness as I held it deep inside her and she felt so good I didn't want to take it out. As we were relaxing, I heard Cory cum and tell Roger what a beautiful cock he has. Alice told me she had to get up so I rolled off her and she went into the bathroom as I lay there with my organ cleaving the air.

I happened to look over at Roger and he was on his back also with his beautiful erection standing straight up and Cory suggested that perhaps we should rehearse tomorrow's fucking scene now and Alice, who had just come back into the room, agreed. I was very horny and it looked like Roger was also so we reached out and started playing with each other's erections when Cory suggested that Roger get down on all fours and that I should start by nibbling on his cock for a moment before wetting his anus with my tongue and then fucking him. 

I looked at her and said, "Ready when you are C.B." and she fell right into the director's role and told Roger to get into position. As soon as he was ready, I took one look at his huge erection hanging down and just had to take the head in my mouth and nurse on it a moment. Cory told me not to spend too much time sucking him and to move back to his asshole and get it good and wet for my cock so following the director's commands, I moved back and started to lick his puckered anus and wet it with my saliva. Then I got up behind him and fit the head of my penis to his opening and pushed the crown inside as he gasped and pushed back for more. Cory told me to stroke in slowly, go deep and then pull out to the ridge around the head so the girls would be able to see my cock moving in and out of his ass and that's exactly what I did and it wasn't long before the two of us were moaning and telling each other how good it felt. 

I leaned on Roger's back as I fucked him and reached around to stroke his beautiful cock and had him moving his hips and groaning in ecstasy in a short time. His ass was tight and smooth and my penis was being milked by his contractions to the point where I knew that my orgasm wasn't far away and, sure enough, a few minutes later my cock started shooting wads of cum into his ass and he moaned along with me as I emptied my balls and he felt the hot juices splash inside him. This triggered his orgasm and I felt his hot cum on my hand as I stroked him. When our last spasms ended, I slowly pulled my cock from his beautiful ass and Cory suggested, that tomorrow night, Roger should try not to cum when I cum so that he can mount me as soon as I finish and give the girls more to see. We told her we'd try our best.
