 As Greg and Tyler were the only two single men in the small mining community where they lived it was only natural that they should hang out together. But lately Greg was beginning to think that was the only thing natural about their friendship.

After they had known each other a couple of months Tyler had admitted to Greg that he was gay. Greg had been a little uncomfortable, but as he had no one else to hang out with there was not too much he could do about the situation. And that's when Tyler had started coming on to him, like really coming on to him. It wasn't subtle at all, but despite this Greg had been a little flattered. 

However, lately Tyler had been pushing the boundaries more and more and Greg feared that one day he might go all the way, although he had no real intention of doing so. Already Tyler had Greg creaming off on his chest once or twice a week. What Greg didn't know was that when Tyler went to the bathroom to clean up he would lick all of Greg's cum off his fingers. And each time Greg wanked off and creamed off on Tyler he would ask himself "why the hell did I do that?" 

It was a Friday night and having nothing better to do Greg went over to see Tyler. He knew he would probably end the evening dropping a load but he didn't care. He would get a good meal, some good wine and Tyler really was a fascinating and interesting guy. If only he were a girl, thought Greg as he made his way over to Tyler's house.

Greg was a little to surprised to find that Tyler had a guest, and a female one at that. And what a stunner she was too, with a stunning figure and pretty face and long blond hair. Her skin was a light golden brown from being outdoors, and her body was toned as if from swimming or some other sport. When she smiled it lit up the whole room. She was so perfectly beautiful that Greg wondered if she was a lesbian, and that thought turned him on even more. 

Tyler introduced Greg to Julia and started to prepare the meal. Greg and Julia chatted, about not very much at all; not enough to give the game away, at any rate. Well, if she was a lesbian, Greg wished he could be one too. Her nipples strained against the flimsy cloth of her cotton dress; she obviously wasn't wearing a bra and Greg found himself wondering if she was wearing panties. He could just imagine her damp, blond thatch and the pinkness of her welcome....His thickening cock forced him to adjust his position on the settee, crossing his legs to hide the fire in his loins.

After they had eaten Tyler opened another bottle of wine. He seemed really happy and light headed, and Greg almost felt a little jealous that he didn't have his friend's full attention. There was something exotic and a little dangerous about Tyler, and Greg was fascinated by him; he couldn't imagine himself getting his cock out for any other guy and wanking off until he shot his bolt. But somehow Tyler could make him do that, and Tyler could make him feel jealous, and this wine was going to his head, and Julia was so fucking hot he couldn't bear it.

'Hey Julia, come dance with me.' Tyler said as he put some music on.

Julia got up and Greg was really surprised to see how they were dancing. You'd never think that Tyler was gay; it was real skin to skin stuff, and watching the pair of them was getting Greg all hot and bothered. His cock was well on the way to being erect. He watched in amazement as Julia raked her red nails down the front of Tyler's jeans. His bulge looked a little larger than normal; was there something about Tyler that Greg didn't know. But how could there be when he had seen the look of pure lust in Tyler's eyes whenever he had watched him stroke his big cock to the point of eruption.

Greg's mouth was dry, his face flushed, as he watched the antics of Tyler and Julia. They just kept getting more and more outrageous. Were there degrees of bisexuality, he wondered. Was Tyler a bisexual kind of gay guy. And the way they were turning him on, did that make him a bisexual kind of straight guy? His head was in a spin. And then Julia peeled down the top of her cotton sun dress. Her firm tits were revealed in all their beauty, big nipples jutting forward. Big nipples that were soon covered by Tyler's mouth. Shit! This was too much for Greg; he needed some of this, and he needed to make nice with Tyler to get some.

He went up to the pair and wrapped his arms around them. He nuzzled Tyler's cheek, whereupon Tyler forced his tongue into Greg's mouth. Greg surrendered to this new experience; it wasn't at all disgusting, like he had been led to believe, just incredibly sexy. His cock throbbed in his tight jeans as Tyler massaged his buns and Julia brushed her hand against his crotch. He could hardly breathe, he was that excited, and when Julia guided his head towards her tits he had to take a very deep breath before beginning work.

As he greedily nibbled on her nipples he could feel Tyler tugging at his fly button. Soon his zipper was being lowered followed by his jeans and shorts. His thick cock sprang free, a cock that Tyler had lusted over many times before but that now was his to enjoy. He wrapped his fist around the base and guided it into his mouth. If Greg hadn't had a mouthful of tit he would have hollered. Damn, was that Tyler good at giving head! Never in his life had Greg know anything like this.

Five minutes later Tyler took them into his bedroom. Julia lay down on the bed, displaying her sweet snatch. Greg fell upon it instantly, licking the honey pot like it would be the last he would ever know. She pressed his head into her twat with one hand and toyed with her nipples with the other. Tyler meanwhile parted Greg's hairy ass and gazed upon the object of his desire, a dark reddish brown pucker slit that had obviously only known one way traffic in its lifetime. Tonight he was keen to introduce it to things going the other way.

He pressed his nose into Tyler's shower clean crack and inhaled the natural scent of a man's balls and ass. He rubbed his nose up and down Greg's ass slit before tonguing it. A shiver of pleasure coursed through Greg's body as he discovered this new pleasure. It felt like there was a direct connection between his tongue, his asshole and his unattended straining cock. He reached underneath his body to smear his precum over his large flared cock knob. 

Greg was just beginning to think that having Tyler lick his asshole was a small price to pay for getting to eat Julia's pussy when he felt something cold and slippery being applied. Being rimmed was one thing, but he wasn't sure he wanted to go where this was leading so he clenched his fleshy buttocks tight. Tyler smacked Greg's butt hard and his butthole relaxed, against his will, and the feel of Tyler's finger sliding into his asshole was out of this world. Greg squirmed back against Tyler's finger, eager to have more of this unusual sensation.

Tyler worked Greg's asshole loose for a good ten minutes and then pulled him onto his side. Julia got up and positioned herself against Greg and guided his raging hard on into her ready and warm pussy. He sighed as the length of his shaft was enveloped by her moist tunnel. At the same time Tyler slipped his thin cock into Greg's ass. He felt like one huge nerve cell, being pleasured in both cock and ass, and wherever his skin touched Julia and Tyler's skin.

Tyler could hardly believe his luck. His cock slid in with very little resistance. Here he was deep in his lust stud's ass, where he had always wanted to be. From the sighs that escaped Julia's lips he knew that she was happy too. Tyler stroked gently, ever so gently, into Greg's delicious asshole. Already Tyler's cock head was growing a little too sensitive for his liking; this would be one fuck that was out of his control. Julia ground her hips back and forth, allowing her pussy to ride Greg's thick shaft that was now coated with her juices. His large, warm hands stroked her belly and teased her nipples, adding to her enjoyment.

Greg grunted and gritted his teeth. This was just so fucking good, and he wanted it to last forever. No one told him that if his ass got stroked by a cock it would add to the pleasure he felt as he fucked the hottest pussy he had had in over a year. Both of his companions on the bed were using him for their own pleasure and in doing so were giving him the best pleasure he had ever known. He could feel his orgasm building up and tried to fight it. His asshole was aflame with desire for Tyler's cock while his own spear seemed to be growing ever fatter, as thought it might split the skin.

Tyler's cock could take no more of the satiny smooth ride through Greg's guts. The sight and sounds of his friends fucking each other while he joined in got right into his lust and excitement receptors. His balls churned and then suddenly started to spurt. Tyler cried out and forced his dick deeper into Greg's ass, triggered Greg's own orgasm. Julia squeezed tight against his cock and Greg grunted and cursed as his meaty cock exploded, blasting his thick jism into her. She quickly flicked herself into orgasm before he started to wilt within her.

'Now buddy, I went bi for you.' Greg told Tyler. 'There's something you gotta do for me.'

'What's that?' asked Tyler.

'You've got to eat Julia's pussy. Eat my cum right out of her.' Greg told him.

Greg watched in amazement as Julia sat up against the headboard and parted her legs. Tyler diving right on in and did a splendid job of cleaning her up. The sight of it so turned Greg on that he grabbed some of the lube and worked a finger into Tyler's ass.

'Damn! That's hot' Tyler exclaimed.

'And it's all yours, buddy boy.' Tyler replied. 

END

Copyright Daniel Blue