 Please note that the characters in this story live in a world free of STIs and unwanted pregnancy - practice safe sex!

*****

After showering up, Christian and Zach took a survey of the campground and read over the list of things Suzy had asked them to accomplish. Given that they had two weeks to get things done, they figured that it would take about five hours of solid work every day to get through everything. Since the weather was warm, the forecast was good, and both guys enjoyed hiking, swimming and relaxing (and using each other to get off) it looked like it would be a pretty good couple of weeks. They decided to put in a few hours of work that afternoon, ate supper, jerked off and went to bed.

The next morning both guys were up early and decided to get all of their work out of the way so they could swim and relax in the afternoon. Christian took cabin duty, sweeping, washing down the plastic mattresses on the bunks, and giving everything a good scrub down. Zach worked on the kitchen, rinsing the long-unused dishes and cleaning the stove, counters, and sinks. Over lunch they took a look at a map of the area that was marked with lots of written notes, courtesy of Suzy.

"It looks like there are about four good lakes to choose from," said Zach. "Which one do you want to hit up?"

"Well, it's warm but not super warm," Christian replied. "So I vote for the 'a bit smaller, a bit shallower, and a lot warmer' one over here."

With swimsuits on and towels in tow the guys headed off through the woods towards their destination. The sun was approaching its zenith, and while it was a bit cooler amid the trees the day was shaping up to be pretty warm. Approximate trails had been worn through the bush over the years so it was pretty easy going, although the density of the forest made it seem like camp was a long way away. After twenty minutes the guys could see the forest thinning ahead of them and a moderate size lake. As they got closer they could hear the sounds of splashing. Stopping, they turned and looked at one another.

"Big fish?" Christian asked with a confused look on his face.

Zach smiled and continued to lead the way, although both of them began to walk more slowly and quietly. As they approached the treeline they saw the source of the noise: a girl, about their age, wading calf deep in the water. Her pants were rolled up to above her knees so as to not get wet and she appeared to be munching on a granola bar. Nearby, on the grass by the edge of the water, was a fair-size hiking pack, a mini tent, and the smoking remnants of a small fire. Both guys stopped in their tracks.

"Who is that?" Zach whispered.

"Is she hot?" Christian whispered back, peering around his friend.

"I don't know, she's too far away," Zach replied. "But her body looks pretty good from here."

"Should we go and talk to her?" Christian asked.

At that the girl turned towards them and said, "I can hear you whispering out there. You can come out here, I won't bite."

Blushing and embarrassed both guys walked out of the woods over to the shoreline, not making eye contact.

"I could kind of see you, too..." the girl said as they got closer, inducing an even brighter shade of red.

Christian looked at her face to say 'hi', but when he got a better look at the form standing before him his mouth suddenly went very dry. The young woman looked to be about 5'6" and perhaps 115 pounds. She had brown hair with a reddish tinge that was tied back in a ponytail and she was wearing a fitted green t-shirt and rolled up grey hiking pants. Her breasts were a bit more than a handful and appeared to be quite perky, with her nipples poking out of her shirt. Her eyes were big and blue, and she had a broad smattering of freckles across her cheeks and cute nose. Overall, both guys thought she was absolutely gorgeous and looked a lot like the webcam girl Hailey Leigh.

Instead of his intended 'Hi', Christian managed to say, "Oh", with a stunned look on his face.

"'Oh' to you, too," the girl replied, smiling slightly while taking another bite of her granola bar. Turning to Zach she asked, "Is he okay?"

"He will be," Zach replied, smiling. "I'm Zach, and this is Christian."

"I'm Penny," the girl replied, extending her hand to shake. Both guys shook her hand, and the human contact seemed to snap Christian back to reality.

"Sorry about that," Christian blushed. "We really didn't expect to find anyone out here, so I was a bit surprised."

"Is it an okay surprise?" Penny asked playfully.

"It's totally okay," Christian replied, smiling. "You're camping out here?"

"Yeah, I've been camping for the past week out here," she said. "I'm working this summer at a camp close to here and I figured I'd spend some time out in nature before busting my hump for the next couple of months. What about you two?"

"We're working at the same summer camp," Zach said, his cock involuntarily swelling a bit at the realization that this magnificent creature would be on display all summer. "Suzy asked us to come out a couple of weeks early to clean the place up."

"Awesome!" Penny exclaimed. "I am so heading to the camp later to have a shower! I've been swimming every day, but some warm water and soap would really feel good right about now."

"You smell just great to me," Christian said absently, immediately causing him to blush. 

Penny giggled and Zach turned to stare at his friend in disbelief as if to say "I thought I was the one who was awkward around girls". Christian winced and said. "I just mean...you smell a bit like campfire smoke and I like that smell?"

"Nice save," Penny said, still smiling. "I am glad to know that I smell just fine to you. It will still feel good to have a shower. Are the showers cleaned out yet?"

"We haven't got to them yet," Zach said. "But we used the guys' shower last night and it was pretty clean. A few spider webs but I think they did a pretty good job cleaning them at the end of last year."

"You showered together?" Penny asked with a coy look.

"Yes...," Zach replied.

"Interesting," Penny replied.

"Why is that interesting?" Christian asked.

"It just is," Penny said with a smile. She then stepped out of the water to put her granola bar wrapper in her trash bag. "So you're going for a swim?"

"That was the plan," Zach replied. "What are you up to?"

"Well I was going to pack up my things and go for a hike, but I could be coerced to taking a swim."

"'Coerce, coerce?'" Christian tried.

"Done!" Penny giggled. "Why don't you guys hop in and I'll be right behind you."

As Christian and Zach put down their towels and took off their shirts and shoes, Penny took a few minutes to tidy up her things and pack some stuff away. Christian noticed her taking a couple of glances over at them as she was working, which sent a thrill of excitement through him. He thought she was one of the most beautiful girls he had ever seen and he was really happy that she seemed to like them (despite his less-than-smooth conversation skills so far). The guys waded into the water, trying not to make sounds of pain from the chilliness, and eventually both just did a shallow dive into the depths. Within a few minutes of swimming around both of them felt comfortable and invigorated. Christian made eye contact with Zach and jerked his head away from Penny, indicating he wanted him to swim out further with him.

"She's very cool," Christian said with a broad smile on his face.

"So hot!" Zach exclaimed quietly. "We are two lucky bastards to have her around all summer."

"I wonder if she has a boyfriend," Christian mused.

"And it begins," Zach said with mock exasperation. "Once I saw the freckles I knew it would begin..."

"They are delightful, aren't they?" Christian smiled. "But it's more than that, dude."

"You're my bro, so all the power to you," Zach said, resigned. "But if she makes a move on me it's totally 'hoes before bros'...she's way too fucking sexy!"

"You'd have my blessing, man," Christian replied. "And thanks for being cool."

"Are you boys whispering out there?" Penny called from the shore. "First whispering in the woods, now in the lake. What is it you don't want me to know about?"

"Just talking about cleaning the camp," Christian called back. "Trying to figure out what to clean next."

"How boring!" Penny called back. "It sounds like you guys really need me in there to liven things up. Just give me one more second to get changed."

Naturally, Zach and Christian assumed Penny would go into her tent to change, or at the very least duck off into the woods. So both guys were shocked and delighted when Penny simply turned away from them and took off her top. Her lean, smooth back was tanned with a tan line where her bikini top left a mark, and looking at it made both guys pop to half mast. She quickly put her light purple bikini top on and then treated her audience to a show of her bending forward to take her pants off. Underneath she was wearing the matching bottom to her bikini top over top of what looked to be a tight, shapely ass. She adjusted her bottoms and then turned around to join the guys in the water. As she walked forward, Christian and Zach couldn't help but sneak multiple looks at her very perky tits hiding behind her top, as well as her toned and tanned stomach. They saw she had no tattoos (unlike Hailey Leigh) or piercings except for her ears. Once Penny got waist deep she dove under the water and came up close to the boys.

"Ah, that's cold!" she squealed when she came up for air. "Give me a couple of minutes!"

At that, she began to swim a few laps back and forth to get warmed up. Christian and Zach had been treading water for a bit and were starting to get chilly, too, so they followed suit. After swimming for a few minutes the trio stopped to tread water for a bit.

"The water feels so good," Penny said. "It always make me feel so alive."

"Me, too," Christian agreed. "We don't get much chance to swim during the school year so this is a nice change."

"What are you taking in school?" Penny asked.

"Genetics major," Christian said.

"Comp Sci," Zach said. "And you?"

"Engineering," Penny replied. "My parents are hippies so I was raised knowing that we have to do something to help the environment. I want to get into figuring out solutions for solar energy."

"That's awesome," Christian remarked. "I'm really into environmental issues, too."

The three of them swam around and chatted for about half an hour, sharing stories about school and previous summers. Eventually all three of them began to turn somewhat blue and their teeth were chattering.

"I think it's probably time for me to get out," Penny announced. "Are you guys coming?"

"Yep," they said in unison, and the three swam to shore.

"Cold water is funny," Penny said as she wrung out her hair. "It has the opposite effect on guys and girls."

"What do you mean?" Christian asked as he toweled off.

"Seriously?" Zach asked. "Did that water freeze your brain, dude?"

"That's not nice!" Penny exclaimed. "You be nice to Christian, maybe he's a bit more innocent than you and me, Zach."

"Now wait a minute, I'm not..." Christian began.

"Zach," Penny interrupted. "Why don't you explain what I meant to Christian?"

"Well," Zach began, blushing. "I assume that you mean it makes some things bigger in girls and some things smaller in guys."

"'Some things'?" Penny asked incredulously. "Are we in high school here?"

"Seriously?" Zach asked again.

"Mmmm, hmmm," Penny replied, crossing her arms over her chest (which incidentally made her tits look that much more magnificent).

"Okay, I'll be embarrassed for you," Zach sighed. "Christian, my simple friend: cold water makes a woman's nipples erect and it make a man's penis smaller. Happy, Penny?"

"Somewhat," Penny replied. "Do you understand now, Christian?"

"Yes, I do. Thank you for the clarification."

"You're welcome," Penny replied, smiling. "Although there is a related question that I have that I don't know the answer to. I know that guys have shrinkage of their flaccid penises in cold water, but would it affect the size of an erect penis in cold water? Like, would the blood vessel constriction even let you get a boner?"

"Oh, you can get a boner in cold water," Christian said absently. Then realizing what he said, he began to blush.

"Such easily embarrassed boys!" Penny said. "I haven't seen this much blushing in my life! So, you've had a boner in cold water before, Christian, or you've seen one?"

"What?" Christian said, exasperation in his voice.

"You know that scene in Pulp Fiction where Samuel Jackson is not impressed with the dude who keeps saying 'what?'?" Penny asked. "I'm starting to have empathy for him. It sounds like you're not interested in having this type of interesting conversation. Maybe I'll go for my hike now..."

"No, it's fine! Christian blurted a little too fast, drawing a smile from Penny. "I've had a boner in the water before."

"That's better," Penny said, triumphant. "And was it smaller than usual?"

"Well...I don't know," Christian admitted.

"Well then!" Penny exclaimed. "All that for an 'I don't know'?"

"I'm afraid so."

"So you weren't looking at or touching your cold water erection?" Penny asked.

Blushing again, Christian answered, "No".

"Any experience with this, Zach?" Penny asked.

"I'm the same as Christian," Zach said. "I've had one but I'm not sure if it was smaller."

"Well, I propose an experiment," Penny said. "Let's find out if an erection is smaller in cold water."

"What?" both guys said at once.

"Okay then, hiking time!"

"No wait!" Christian said. "Okay, let's talk about your experiment."

"You really don't want me to go hiking, do you?" Penny teased.

"Well, no," Christian replied, smiling. "We'd rather hang out with you."

Smiling back, Penny said, "Good, I'd rather hang out with you guys, too."

With that, she toweled herself off quickly and grabbed her phone from her bag.

"Okay, I have a ruler app here," she said. "Now normally how long are your penises when they're erect?"

"I'm guessing 'I don't know' would result in you saying 'hiking!', right?" Zach asked.

"Bingo!"

"Five and a half inches," Zach said.

"Six inches," said Christian.

"Perfect, two normal size penises," Penny said, and then blushed a little bit herself. "For the experiment, that is."

"So now what?" Christian asked.

"Now you need to go into the lake, get an erection, come out and let me measure it with my ruler app," Penny replied.

Zach and Christian turned and looked at each other, shrugged, and waded back into the water. Having been out of the water for a bit by that point, the shrinkage factor hit quite quickly once they got waist deep. 

"How do you propose that we get an erection, Penny?" Zach asked. "I don't really have any experience giving myself a boner in cold water."

"Well how did you get one the last time?" Penny asked.

"Errr, well," Zach began. "There was this pretty girl you see..."

"Ah, okay," Penny pouted. "I understand. You're saying I'm not pretty enough."

"No, no!" Zach said. "You're very pretty! Beautiful in fact! But the girl wasn't just staring at me waiting to pop a boner. Plus, you're a bit far away on the shore..."

"So what you're saying," Penny began as she started to walk towards the guys in the water. "Is that you saw a pretty girl fairly up close and that gave you a boner? Well, you said you think I'm pretty and beautiful - thank you, by the way - and now I'm up close, so show me a boner!"

Christian and Zach were both fairly surprised up to this point. Penny was totally cool and fun to talk to and very hot, but now there was this sexual energy with what they were doing. Neither guy knew what the next best step would be, however both decided that going along with what Penny wanted seemed to be in their best interest so far. Whether it was the cold water or sexual evolutionary instincts kicking in, Christian's brain finally caught up with what was happening.

"Well, Penny, you see," Christian began. "As Zach said, you are very beautiful and I actually have the beginning of an erection right now, but the other time that I had an erection the other girl wasn't just staring at me. She kind of didn't know I was popping wood for her."

"So you guys were being voyeurs?" Penny asked, an interested tone in her voice.

"Well, yeah, I guess so," Christian answered.

"Okay," Penny began, thinking. "I have an idea. We started talking about nipples in girls and penises in guys. Why don't I show you my erect nipples and maybe that will help with you erection situation?"

"Okay!" both boys said together, drawing a laugh from Penny.

"Wow, you're flattering me!" Penny said. "I'm glad you think I'm so pretty."

With that, she pulled off her bikini top, revealing her full, perky tits. Zach and Christian marveled at their nice proportions and the fact that her nipples pointed slightly upwards due to their being so perky. Tossing her bikini top aside, Penny pinched her nipples and frowned, noticing they weren't fully erect. At that, she bent forward to allow just her nipples to submerge in the water, eliciting a little squeal from her. When she stood up again, her nipples had definitely grown.

"Wow, they look fantastic," Christian murmured, his hand involuntarily moving to stroke his growing cock. Realizing what he was doing, he quickly pulled his hand back.

"What were you doing with you hand, Christian?" Penny asked. 

"Nothing," Christian said. "It was just a bit of a reflex."

"A reflex to touch your cock?" Penny asked. "That would help our experiment, don't you think?"

"I suppose it would," Christian said, smiling. At that, both he and Zach began to stroke their cocks through their shorts.

"Alright," Penny said. "Let's head back to shore and see how those cocks are coming."

The trio walked back to shore and Penny grabbed her phone. She then knelt down in front of Christian, untied his shorts and let his shorts drop to his ankles, looking up at him while doing so. This caused his cock to jump, making Penny jump back a bit.

"Whoa, Tiger!" Penny exclaimed, laughing. "Watch it with that thing!"

She then did the same for Zach and proceeded to measure both of their erections.

"Hmmm," said Penny. "Looks like five and a quarter inches for Zach and five and a half inches for Christian. That's good to know, but it's a bit surprising that one shrunk by twice as much as the other."

Penny stood up and put her bikini top back on, drawing a groan from both guys.

"What's wrong?" Penny asked. "The experiment is over."

"We know," Zach said. "It's just that your tits are so nice to look at, and we have these erections now..."

"Well, thank you," Penny interjected. "But I don't see your point."

"Well, normally when I get an erection it feels good to do something about it."

"By all means please do something about it!" Penny replied. "Be my guest."

Marveling at his luck, Zach stepped out of his shorts and walked towards Penny, reaching to embrace her. As he got closer, she gave him an apologetic smile, put her hand on his chest, and said, "I can see how what I said could have been read the way you read it. But I wasn't inviting you to use my body to get yourself off. I meant you could either jerk off, or ask your friend to help you out."

Freezing in place and blushing yet again, Zach muttered an apology and went back to stand beside Christian who was snickering to himself.

"Wait a minute," Zach said. "What do you mean by 'using my friend to get me off?'"

"Exactly what it sounds like," Penny replied. "Use his body to do something about that boner. Or would that be gross for you?"

"Well, I'm not gay..." Zach began.

"You don't have to be gay to use another guy's body to get off," Penny interrupted. "You could be bi or maybe you don't need to label it. You're clearly not gay since you seem to like my breasts and you were ready to use my body to get off just a minute ago."
