 When Abe opened his local contact magazine and saw a picture of his next door neighbours he got a shock, to say the least.

Mark and Cindy seemed pretty straight laced and yet here they were posing butt naked and looking for partners. Their ad just about blew his socks off. They were looking for a man to join them in a threesome and stated that a bisexual man would be a bonus. Abe couldn't take that in. Mark was big and burly, and seemed to Abe to be the last man on earth that would be into man on man sex. Abe read and reread the ad many times and then whipped out his cock and stroked off to a mind blowing orgasm.

He knew he had to get it on with Mark and Cindy. Mark had a handsome face with a solid build that Abe found irresistible; he was not quite chunky but he was definitely beyond gym bunny. Cindy was blonde and cover girl pretty with legs up to her armpits and tits as firm and shapely as any you could wish to find. He had always been attracted to both of them but knew that if he sent in a reply they might be too embarrassed to reply. Some people might not want to swing with people they already knew, even if was just to nod hello to. So he tried to think up a way to get to know them better and realized that he would have to do it the hard way.

He invited the pair round for a meal and a few weeks later they returned the favour. Slowly, over a period of months, he got to know them better. Invites to meals came more frequently and he was spending a fair amount of time with them, but so far talk had never turned sexual. Until the night of Cindy's birthday.

It had been a successful evening with about thirty people enjoying Mark and Cindy's hospitality. Abe had never seen the couple like this before; they were all abuzz with excitement and seemed flushed and even more beautiful, if that was possible. When the first few couples left the party there was a sudden change in atmosphere. The talk turned sexual, very sexual and Abe felt so incredibly turned on he could hardly breathe. Something was happening here and he wondered if he would be allowed to be a part of it.

A sexy red headed guy was the first to strip off. He just stood up and unzipped and dropped trou, revealing a big fat, pink cock that was uncut and had a puckered foreskin that made his cock look extra long.

'Hey John, how the hell does that thing work?' one of the other men asked. 'Does the skin go back when you get hard?'

'Why don't you suck it and see.' John, the red head, replied.

Abe's eyes were out on stalks as the heavyset man got down on his knees and wrapped his fist around John's already lengthening cock and then took it into his mouth.

'You're not freaked out, are you?' Mark, who was standing next to him, asked as he caressed Cindy.

'No. I think it's really hot.' Abe replied.

'Really?' Mark seemed a little surprised. He turned and whispered something to Cindy.

'Wanna come upstairs with us?' Mark asked.

'Love to.' Abe croaked.

He stole a last glance at the party people in the room who were all starting to strip off and pair off an then followed his friends upstairs. He loved the way Mark's firm, beefy butt jiggled about underneath his linen trousers. He couldn't believe he was about to see that ass in all it's glory, so big and round and firm. And Cindy's tits too would be his for the viewing. His cock was already rock hard in his pants thinking about her spreading those long, sun-tanned legs of hers.

After they entered the room Mark locked the door.

'As it's our first time we don't want to share you with anyone.' he told Abe, who felt flattered.

Cindy moved in close to Abe and he could feel her firm tits jutting into his chest. Her perfume filled his nostrils and her hands were stroking up and down his back. He put an arm around her and when Mark moved in close wrapped his other arm around him. This was pure ecstasy to Abe, something he had always dreamed about, being with a man and a woman at the same time. And when Mark started nuzzling on his neck Abe let out a happy little sigh and dropped his hand down to Mark's fuckable man mound.

Mark and Cindy took turns kissing Abe, stealing what little breath he was able to get. His face was flushed and he could feel his heart pounding in his chest. His cock was leaking so much precum that it was getting stuck to his underpants. He wanted this beautiful moment to last forever but he was also desperate to get naked. It was Cindy who started tugging on his fly button. She unzipped his trousers and stroked his cock through his underpants. Darn, that felt good! Mark tugged on Abe's trousers and they dropped to his knees. The big man now started kneading Abe's buttcheeks through the soft cotton causing Abe to groan out loud.

This couple really knew how to sex a man up. Cindy's kisses were as sweet as honey, and her experienced hands and nails teased Abe's cock while Mark's strong hands had started stroking the tops of his thighs, where he was most sensitive. Every now and then a finger would slip under the elastic of his underpants and prod the area behind his balls. Now and again Mark rubbed his big thick erection against Abe's underpants clad cheeks, driving him totally crazy. It all got too much for him.

'Please...' he begged 'let's get naked.

He watched as Cindy started to strip. Mark put some music on and she really took her time. It was easily the best strip tease Abe had ever seen and when at last she was totally naked she invited him to join her on the bed. Mark tugged on Abe's precum wet undies and pulled them off allowing his eight inch throbber to spring free. The sight of that big juicy cock was more than Mark could resist; his mouth had soon closed around that juicy cockhead as he lapped up all the tangy excitement juices that oozed out of the eye.

Cindy got between Abe and the headboard and started tweaking his nipples while her husband gave him the best blow of his life. Abe was tempted to completely surrender to it but knew that if he did that he would be blasting off within two minutes. When the danger of creaming off grew too great he pushed gently against Mark and told him that he wanted to see him naked. Mark stripped off his shirt revealing a firm chest covered in dark, sexy fur. His nipples were two tiny little red nubs in a tangle of dark hair and Abe couldn't wait to suck them. But when Mark stepped out of his linen trousers Abe forgot all about his nipples. He wasn't wearing any underpants and growing out of the biggest, blackest bush Abe had ever seen was this super thick club of a cock. It was only about five inches long but more than made up in girth what it lacked in length. It was beautifully circumcized with a flared knob that was simply made for sex.

The moment Mark lay down on the bed Abe was all over him, kissing his way up his big, firm hairy thighs and onto his stomach and chest, carefully leaving his cock to last. Cindy kissed her husband and caressed his arms and chest. She loved seeing him so turned on and hoped that Abe would become a regular part of their lives. Abe was lost in a world on man lust as he greedily sucked her husband's thick cock. She slid a hand down and fondled Mark's huge nuts, that he kept silky smooth, just the way she liked them. If necessary she was prepared to take a backseat and let the two men get it on but Abe was a very attractive young man and she sure wouldn't have minded getting it on with him too.

It was Mark who directed their next move. He told Abe he wanted to watch the younger man eat his wife's pussy. Abe had been so turned on by Mark's beercan thick cock and monster nuts that he had neglected Cindy. But as he parted her sweet lips now and gently tongued into her he knew that she was a prize fuck on her own. She was surprised at how tender and gentle he was and how good he was at giving head. She was soon so worked up she knew that she had to have more than his hot tongue in her and started tugging on his shoulders.

He got the message and moved up her body before sinking his ramrod into her juicy wet cunt. She was so turned on that she wrapped her legs around his butt and started raking her nails down his back. She had completely forgotten about her husband but when she felt him gently moved her legs away from Abe's ass and on to the bed she knew that he wanted his share of the action. Abe fucked slowly and gently and it was turning her on so much she almost wished she didn't have to share him.

Mark took a moment or two to admire Abe's pale, smooth little rump. His asscheeks were just enough for a handful in Mark's meaty paws. There was not a single pimple or hair or blemish on that creamy white ass. It was one of the most beautiful asses Mark had seen on a man and when he parted Abe's cheeks and saw his little pink pucker that looked all innocent and virginal he decided this simply was the best ass it had ever been his pleasure to get to know. He gently bit on Abe's cheeks before licking up and down the small of his back. Abe was all aquiver with expectation and desire when at last Mark's tongue licked up his buttcrack and made contact with his hot little hole.

He stifled a cry as the man's expert tongue rimmed his ass. It was like he had a mini cock drilling in to him, exciting each and every nerve that he possessed. And it did wonders for his cock too as it gently stroked into Cindy's wet pussy. Abe was unable to stifle a groan when Mark's finger pressed into him, making his cock and ass seem like an interconnected, electrified pleasure zone. A dollop of cold jelly was applied to his red hot ass and the magic finger gently worked him loose. 

Mark's own cock was desperate for release when he positioned himself behind Abe. He let the younger man buck back and forth against his mushroom cap while he gently tugged on his balls. Abe's hole relaxed so completely that soon he was starting to siphon Mark's cockhead into his ass. Both men grunted in surprise and delight as Abe's ass worked its way up and down Mark's thick shaft that was now so incredibly sensitive. The feeling of that thick cock in Abe's ass did something wonderful to his own cock and each stroke now became an effort in holding back. It was as if his very cockhead was tingling with sensation and he fought so hard to keep back the flood.

Both Cindy and Mark could sense Abe's excitement and she whispered encouragement in his ear while Mark started stroking off inside his ass. He really pounded into Abe, the way Abe had begged him to, and his cock was now so sensitive inside that warm slippery asschute that he knew the party was almost over. That meaty cock in his ass, thrusting away so powerfully, was too much for Abe. His body stiffened as he let out a loud groan and the floodgates opened, shooting out volley after volley of his steaming fuck sauce.

The sound of another man in the throes of orgasm was music to Mark's ears. He grabbed hold of Abe's slender hips, partially pulling him out of Cindy's spunked up cunt and gave one last, savage thrust. His orgasmic cries drowned out the soft music as he blasted off inside Abe's spent and happy ass.

Mark stroked his spent cock in and out of Abe's slippery cute for another minute before he withdrew and lay down on the bed. He wrapped his arms around Abe and soon the two men were snoring soundly while Cindy snuck off to see how the other guest were doing.

Copyright 2005 Daniel Blue