 He called her on his way home. Marie asked where he was at, and he just answered "out shopping"

He always told her where he was, so she knew that he was up to something. 

"Where are you shopping at?" she asks

His answer was "somewhere. You had better be cleanly shaven and naked in bed when I get home".

His words immediately shot a spark to her pussy. Marie loved to be surprised with new toys from him. She enjoyed the look on his face when he used it on her, and discovered new ways to make her squirm and scream under his touch.

Marie hung up the phone went to the bathroom, and slipped out of her clothes, had a quick shower and a shave, toweled off and walked to the bedroom. Marie lay down on the bed, closed her eyes and waited for him.

She could feel the juices flowing from her pussy, she knew she was wet for him.

The door opened and closed. 

"Heya Babe!" she said when she heard his footsteps coming down the hall to the bedroom.

"Get up off the bed, and put a blindfold on, then sit on the very edge of the bed with your legs spread as wide as you can, and your feet on the floor".

Marie did as she was told, and when he walked in he almost lost his breath as how lovely she looked sitting there naked and waiting for him. He never got tired of looking at her. Her figure was not as it was when he met her, but he still loved it. She was a little plumper, and he had to work a little harder sometimes to get to those sensitive spots, but seeing and hearing her reactions was well worth it.

"Are you ready for what I have brought home for you?" He asked.

"YES!" was her answer.

"Are you sure? Don't you even want to know what it is I have brought home for you?"

"I trust you." She replied

"Is your pussy wet?" he asked her

"Yes, I can feel the wetness on my leg"

She was hoping that it was something that vibrated, or was made of glass, but when she didn't hear any buzzing she was a little dissapointed.

Then Marie felt something like a tongue on her pussy. It was a tongue. She also could feel someone sitting down on the bed next to her. Immediately she was afraid, then she heard his words in her ear and felt the hotness of his breath on her neck.

"Do you like what I have brought for you"? he asked huskily.

She barely breathed the word "yes"

Whoever was on the floor at her feet, was doing a great job of keeping her mind off who he might be. Gently lapping at her pussy.

She felt him move beside her, and then his mouth was at her breast. His tongue gliding over her nipple and gently flicking it. It was automatic for him, his mouth knew every line, curve, and hot spot on her body. He definately knew how to excite her. 

He pushed her gently back onto the bed so she was lying down. All the while the person between her legs never missed a beat. If Marie didn't know any better she would think it was her husband lapping at her pussy. That person knew exactly where to touch her, how to lick her pussy the way he would. She knew it wasn't him, as he was busy fondling and suckling her breasts.

She was enjoying all this attention, but in the back of her mind she coudln't stop thinking about who could be between her legs and expertly licking her pussy. She could also feel the orgasm building within her. Her breathing was getting heavier, and with every breath she took in, her chest rose and fell. With every rise of her chest, he would take her nipple in his mouth and suck hard. 

Then everything stopped. No kisses, no lapping, nothing. Oh exciting she thought, he is going to bring me to the brink of orgasm, and then just let me go.

The next thing she knows, she feels movement on the bed. She is sure that he is going to position himself over her face and let her suck is beautiful cock that she loves so much. Sure enough she feels his feet on either side of her head. She opens her mouth in order to receive his cock. But no cock is there. She can smell somthing sweet and musky. Now she is really confused.

"Close your mouth babe, and stick out your tongue. You will not be sucking my cock tonight, or least not yet anyways."

She did as she was told. She felt warmth on her face. She couldn't help but wonder what was going on. Then she felt and tasted it on her tongue. It wasn't a man at all, it was a woman. 

Marie was so excited she could barely contain herself. She was lapping at that pussy like an expert. Moving her head for better access to all the sweet spots.

"You had better make her cum hard, so I can see her wetness all over your face. She tells me she squirts if you lick her good enough." he told her.

Marie licked this foreign pussy with all that she had in her. She didn't want to dissapoint him, and she definately wanted to know what a woman squirting tasted like. He always told her that she was sooo much sweeter when she squirted for him. Now was her chance to find out.

The owner of this new pussy was moaning loudly and talking dirty to her which she loved.

"Ya that's it you dirty litle pussy licker, lick me, lick me good so I can squirt all over your face and down your throat."

This only renewed her enthusiasm. She lifter her hand up off the bed and inserted her finger into this pussy. Only slightly at first and just tickled and rimmed the outside of the pussy. The woman seated over her face let out a long moan.

"Come on bitch fuck my pussy." 

Marie inserted her finger all the way and began fucking this lovely pussy over her face vigorously. Then she decided to ue two finger.

Another long moan came from this unknown woman.

Then three fingers, then four. She was banging this woman's pussy with all four of her fingers licking her hard and fast, then slow and gentle, making sure not to make her cum too fast as she wanted to enjoy this for as long as possible.

"You are such a good little pussy licker. You have done this before haven't you? Your man here tells me this will be your frist time with a pusy in your face, but i have never met a frist timer this good."

Just then her heart sank and she knew she would have to tell him about her dirty little secret next door. Her and the neighbour have been getting together regularly for some hot fun! Although her neighbour friend never squirted for her, so she was looking forward to this!

She didn't let this ruin her fun. She decided that she was going to give this woman an orgasm like she had never had before. She worked her fingers in and out hard and fast. Licking directly at her clit. With one full thrust, she inserted her fist and began fist fucking this woman. Marie's arm as sore and she felt like it was ready to fall off, but the thought of this woman squirting all over her face and down her throat kept her going.

"You dirty little slut, fuck my pussy, come on, fuck it hard. I am going to cum soon. Fuck me, lick me, that's it you pussy licking little slut, make me cum hard."

Just then Marie felt someone's hot breath on her pussy. She gasped. It was him, she knew it had to be him. Marie's pussy was so sentsitive and dripping wet.

"You like having another little slut licking your pussy while you lick and fuck mine. Just look at my two little pussy lickers. Don't you dare make her cum until I have. She gets nothing until she has done her job properly." Said the woman over Marie's face.

She couldn't believe it. Her and two other women, in the same bed. A threesome she had to admit she was loving.

Just then Marie felt her hand being squeezed inside this woman's pussy. She knew that this woman was close to orgasm. She lifter her other hand and stuck it in her ass. 

"Oh you dirty little slut. You are fucking my ass. Now don't move anything except for your tongue on my pussy." demanded the woman over Marie's face. 

Marie did as she was told, and this woman started moving and fucking herself on marie's hands. Marie then iserted two fingers into this woman's ass. With every thrust this woman was breathing harder, and moaning wildly.

Marie then felt both her hands being clenched by both pussy and ass, and the woman above her let out a scream, "Im going to cum all over you face you little bitch, you better swallow it all!"

Just as she said that, the woman let go and Marie felt the warm gush on her face. She moved her head so that she could taste all the sweet juice in her mouth. 

"Don't you swallow any of that just yet" he said from somewhere. But it was not from her pussy where she assumed he was. It sounded like he was standing to her left. She dismised it and just enjoyed the feeling of him at her pussy. Bringing her so close to orgasm, then pulling away and blowing cool air onto her pussy.

Marie was almost choking from all the fluid in her mouth, and thought she might surely drown. Then the woman that was over her face, got up, and she felt new footsteps on the bed. 

"Now show me what a good little pussy licker you are and open your mouth so I can see if you took it all." the woman demanded. 

Marie did as she was told, and opened her mouth. 

"What a good little pussy slut you are. You like my juice in your mouth?"

All Marie could was nod as she was afraid of choking if she tried to speak.

"Good, now you are going to give it to me." she said.

The woman placed her mouth over Marie's and she had no choice but to feed it to this other woman. Marie was so dissapointed that she could not swallow the woman's sweet nectar. And just as fast as she had it, it was gone.

She felt feet on either side of her head again, and was sure it was him. She wanted him so bad. Her body was longing to be touched by him, and to feel him inside of her.

Just as she was thinking that, she smelled the same sweet musky smell, and there was another pussy in front of her face. 

She licked, fucked and sucked this pussy with the same vigor and enthusiasm as the first. All the while the first lady was at her ear, telling her what a good little pussy licker she was. Berating her with all the same nasty dirty words as before.

Just as she felt the same clamping around both her hands, the second woman stood up. Denying her the precious nectar she wanted to taste so bad. Then she heard the woman's voice in her ear

"That is my slut, and only I get to drink her juice, bad little sluts like you don't get two loads at one time."

Then it was quiet. Marie heard the bedroom door open and close, then the front door do the same. There she was, laying naked on the bed, horny as hell, and all alone. Then the bedroom door opened again.

"What a good girl you are Marie." he said.

It was him, she was so relieved to hear his voice.