 Downstairs the servant girl with the smallish breasts and the tall powdered wig began searching for the additional invitees to the upstairs party, (as stipulated by her mistress). She found Gisele and Sandra easily enough at the bar and sent them upstairs to Anika's chamber. She then began searching the crowded dance floor for Ted, Fabio, Shelby, with the pair of Russian call girls. This was no easy task; the floor of the ballroom was absolutely clotted with thrashing ravers and was dark as the bottom of the ocean. 

It took her a bit of time but eventually her searches took her to the orgy pit with its kicking limbs, bobbing heads, and heaving backsides. She crested the slopes of the pit and down into the fuck-crater. There amidst the great traffic jam of fornication in the center of the bowl, she found the five people she'd been looking for; all lying in a heap of sweat-soaked post-orgasmic flesh! 

She couldn't believe her luck! When the messenger girl approached; she made eye contact with Miss Shelby. The lovely young intern had been using one of the delightfully round Rusky rumps of the St. Petersburg concubines for a chin rest atop the twisted mass of sweaty flesh; this all following a screamer of an orgasm she'd had thanks to Ted, Fabio and the two vodka swilling vixens! 

"Yes?" Shelby said to the servant as she flipped her bangs from her eyes and blew the Russian woman's foxtail butt-plug out of the way so that she could better speak. 

"My mistress wishes for the five of you to join her at a private gathering upstairs. Your employer Ms. Bishop said you were already aware of this?" 

"I am," Shelby answered with a happy smirk, "and I've got it from here, thank you." 

The girl nodded politely and turned back over the rim, returning down into the dance floor and the crush of flailing naked ravers. Shelby surveyed the heap of limbs and flesh she was now wallowing in; covered in male spunk and a healthy coating of Russian quim-funk; plus a two coats of sweat by the feel of things. It didn't matter. She guessed nobody upstairs at the "gathering" was "all that fresh" either! 

"Alright you four," she announced, "our presence is requested upstairs. Let's get cracking!" 

The limbs and bums began to stir. The five found their way to their feet and moved up out of the pit; the gentlemen steadying the ladies as they picked their way through the mass of undulating bodies. Anika's private VIP party awaited them upstairs in the bed chamber! 

# 

Anika saw that Brad and Prue's double-teaming was now producing the desirable effect upon Amanda. Between Brad's thick veiny rectum-stretcher of a cock plowing her anus deep n' wide and Prue's pouty pucker pummeling at her puss-blossom; Amanda was now delightfully agitated to say the least! Her hips rolled like a tugboat in a storm as waves of pleasure ebbed and flowed through her core; her chest rising and falling with excited gasps. Upon seeing this Anika decided it was time for a change in the energy level. 

The hostess re-directed Prue and Reggie; having the good wife rise and take up a new position at the other side of the swing; straddling Amanda's face, while she directed her well-hung hubby Reggie down between Amanda's thighs; to ply the pretty Texan's pussy with his ardent pecker. The red-haired man notched his cock at the entrance to the lovely blonde's puss-hole and let gravity and the strong support ropes of the swing do the rest. He sank into her straight up to his balls! 

Amanda and let out a sigh of contentment as the second cock slewed its way into her. She adjusted to Reggie's cock and happily gobbled at Prue's freshly-fucked honeypot. Double-stuffings were a treat for her anyhow, but double-stuffings with something to go in one's mouth were an even better treat for the Austin call-girl! 

Meanwhile up on the bed, Cedric the footman had been huffing and puffing into Annette's quim "doggy-style" now for several minutes. As Anika saw that Annette was nearly "there" again, she bid the boy to "pick up the pace" and "with conviction"; at which point Cedric immediately brought himself from a trot, to a cantor and finally into a full-blown gallop deep inside Annette's pretty pink furrow while the raven-haired beauty shrieked with delight! Annette lasted another three or four minutes at this harder faster "penile pummeling" before she let forth a shuddering heartfelt sob of joy. As she gasped and blubbered through lovely release, her quim trickled hot dew down upon the boy's shaft bollocks and legs; almost as though she'd wet him! At this point Anika provided Cedric with the order to spend and the youth promptly splashed a load of hot salty boy-batter into BFF of his lady-boss. 

Annette still panting and wheezing now promptly spun herself; pulling the young man down upon her for a grateful post-fuck cuddle! She cooed and stroked his face; offering sweet nothings in his ear, but every so often she'd shoot a glance over at Brad and smile. It was all calculated for effect, and it worked like a charm. 

From where he lay; his cock sheathed up in the warm naughty snugness of Amanda's lovely bum, Brad felt an instant jealous twinge the moment he made eye contact with Annette and her mischievous smile. Deliberately she'd started that "burn" again inside him; smoldering deep-down inside his psyche. He felt the pull of jealousy against his ego but he looked away into Amanda's shoulder; determined to not let it get to him that Cedric was getting a pile of attention, coos, and caresses from the woman he'd woken up with that morning and stared into the eyes of. No; Brad would not give her the satisfaction of being jealous, (and yet despite his conscious resolve, the burn glowed hot down in his belly just as Annette had intended). 

Brad for his part now worked in unison with Reggie; the younger Brad pummeling Amanda's pouting poo-pucker and the elder swordsman Reggie crashing his cock deep into her puss-chute; his cock smacking the very rear of her slick silky-smooth quim-canal. Amanda to put it plainly, was blissfully crushed and skewered at both ends; sandwiched and pressed between heaving male flesh while she continued to snack on Prue's juicing pink flower petals. It was only a few minutes before the four frolickers had worked themselves into a proper state of blissful carnal energy! 

Prue was the first to feel the sheer bliss of release; quaking and dribbling a hot torrent of quim-splatter down upon Amanda's face and into the Texas tart's open mouth (as apparently she'd put soup on the menu)!  A split-second later Reggie felt that old familiar tug on his testicles. He grunted and showered Amanda's pink sugar walls with a blast of steaming man-sauce that went straight into the deepest recesses of her womb! Not to be outdone, Brad howled and snarled as a thunderous orgasm exploded in his loins; sending piping-hot ropes of cum deep into Amanda's entrails. 

This was all Amanda could stand. She pulled her face back from Prue's sodden pussy and trembled; her own climax tearing through her like a lightning bolt through a tree-trunk! She let go with a wracking cry of EEEEEYYYYYAAAHHHGGHHHH! She splattered up against Reggie and down onto Brad; leaving a large wet piddle puddle on the mat below them! 

A polite golfer's clap of applause rose up from the audience. Annette and Anika clapped from their perch up on the bed and all in the room agreed that the four had provided a spectacular performance. There was simply no questioning that! 

The only puzzling aspect of all this was that when Amanda looked up to the bed and her eyes met those of the beaming Anika; the eyes of Annette averted themselves again down into the mattress as though deliberately and angrily avoiding recognition of her. This confused Amanda to say the least. Annette HAD to have known it was her; what had she done to Annette's apparent contempt and scorn? It was all troubling and perplexing. 

"Wait," thought Amanda, "she can't be still upset about... OH SHIT THAT'S IT!" Things suddenly became awkward but she had cocks to service and pussy to attend to. She WAS a professional after all, and on the clock too! 

A moment later the door to the bed chamber opened and Shelby, Ted, Fabio and the two Russian renta-nymphos stepped inside. They were expected. Anika rose up on her elbow and grandly beckoned them in with, 

"Welcome darlings, welcome! We're so happy you could join us!" She waived them into the center of the room next to the swing. 

"Svetlana and Ludmilla," Anika directed, "I think its time for you two lovely foxes to swish your tails here on the mat in front of the bed for all of us to see." As the two Russian women moved to the mat Anika's eye's fell upon Brad underneath Amanda at the swing. Yesss, she thought, Brad needed a little redirection and those two Russian rumps were just the ticket! 

"Bradley," Anika called out, "if you could please climb out from under Amanda and join our two Russian friends at the foot of the bed. Reggie, do be a good fellow and bring that lovely wife Prue of yours over to the bed." 

Anika was quite the busy little director now. Her eyes turned to Ted, Fabio, and Shelby. She directed Ted and Fabio to the hanging form of Amanda; suspended in the swing and told them to standby. The two drivers stood next to the lovely dangling Texas flower awaiting further instructions as all other eyes in the room stared at Anika wondering what next little spectacle she had in mind to feed their collective voyeurism. 

"Shelby," Anika asked the prancing little pixie still standing before her who had yet to be tasked, " you remember my last party?" 

"Yes?" the girl as she flipped her bangs from her eyes. 

"Go round to the audience here in the room and start with a line of men; just a few at first, we'll pull up the rest of the fellows from the group in good time. I want the ladies watching this performance to still have a cock handy should they find things to be "inspiring." 

"And what of the girls in the room who have no-cocks because I've snatched them up to the gang-bang line?" Shelby asked. 

"Oh," Anika replied, "I think I can count o you to organize a little daisy chain for the ladies who need a little relief and are going without! You are good at those things as I recall. Yes darling?" 

Shelby nodded thoughtfully and stepped over to the voyeurs. She pulled out three fellows from the group; the two Arab princes and a rather heavyset Turkish fellow and explained to them that they were now "waiting in the wings." Meanwhile Anika moved over on the bed and bid Prue to climb in next to her, (along with Annette and Cedric). She then ordered Fabio to take up the very same position Brad had been in before; underneath Amanda with his pego pricking up her now well-traveled bottom-hole. 

Fabio did as requested and slid underneath the suspended Texas beauty. In a few seconds he was easing the head of his São Paulo sex serpent straight up her backside; causing Amanda to wrinkle her nose and bite at her lip as she adjusted to his length and girth. There was a moment of adjustment and then she nodded her head. 

Fabio began gently stroking himself in and out of her anus as it stretched and yielded to his plowing cock. He kissed and nibbled Amanda's exquisite neck; his fingers diddling at her clit to "help ease things up." She turned her head around in the swing and provided the Brazilian driver a grateful kiss before spinning back to prepare for what was next. 

Now Anika had Prue climb beneath her. She straddled the black-booted woman's lovely face; instructing her to commence dining. It wasn't as if the delightfully bisexual brunette needed to be told! The blonde hostess now sat bolt upright on Prue's gobbling lips and mouth as though she had perched upon a particularly hungry but friendly bicycle seat. She turned now to Ted as she squirmed her hips; speaking to the tall black driver with fluttering eyelids that told all who could see; how distracted she was by Prue's "attentions." 

"Teddy darling," you and Fabio were remarkable outside in that car of yours and I heard that you aquitted yourselves admirably again on the dance floor, the pit, and even both behind and atop the bar downstairs." Ted smiled with a slide twinge of embarrassment. He wasn't even slightly bending the rules of Tony's explicit instructions to stay with the car and stay away from the party... he'd eventually smashed them to little bits with panache. Oh well, the nice lady was speaking and he decided he'd better listen. 

"Teddy," she said," you make a rather handsome big black locomotive. I want to see you race down the tracks up into Amanda's pretty pink tunnel! Don't worry, there'll be several freight cars loaded with beef behind you in that train! (giggle) Shelby'll see to that." 

Ted glanced over to Shelby and three men standing in line. She was giving their cocks little tugs and pulls to get things "primed." He then looked over to Amanda with Fabio's cock stretching her anus; her fingers pulling her labial lips apart and preparing her already wide pink puss-hole for a pounding-good plow. He nodded, up to the task. His bullish confidence made the clits of Anika Annette and Amanda all pulse and throb in unison at the sight. Nasty carnal desire's and improper thoughts for Ted were apparently quite contagious among women at this party. 

While Anika provided Ted with instruction, the spectacle of anal rutting taking place at the swing provided the beautiful raven-haired Annette with an idea. She now turned to Cedric; with whom she'd been cuddling on the bed next to Anika and Prue. Her face showed all the signs of wicked inspiration and she pulled him close. Whispering in his ear she asked him, 

"Cedric darling; you do see what Fabio is doing to Miss Amanda with his cock up her bum? Yes?" Cedric nodded. 

"Well," she whispered, "have you ever done such a wicked fun thing?" The young pup shook his head bashfully. 

"Oh well then," Annetted whispered while rolling back onto her tummy tum-tum and hoisting her arse high in the air, "I think its time you learned boy! Get back there and start licking my bum. I'll tell you dearest when I'm ready for something else to go in it!" 

Cedric nodded and was up in a flash; getting back behind the lovely brunette's fesses which she parted wide with both hands for him. Her naughty little bum-hole pucker winked and blinked at him like the rudest of eyes; inviting him to get closer and become better acquainted! Cedric leaned forward, ran out his tongue with a sense of excitement mixed with trepidation. He touched the tip to the nasty pink crater. 

He began to lick suck and pull at the raised balloon-knot of crinkled flesh. The foulness of the act filled him with excitement; stoking his balls. He'd imagined doing rude things to a woman, but this was rude times five and he loved it! He snuffled and dug at her anus; savoring and relishing the intimate foulness of her most private of places and felt a rush of pride that she'd asked him "back there." 

A happy sigh escaped Annette's lips as she dropped her head down to the bed to enjoy the dutiful tongue doggy-lapping away at her bunghole. She loved initiating young men into the arts of anal and oral pleasure but she hadn't expected such pleasant enthusiasm or prowess. He was a fast learner! 

"Haaahhhh! So nice Cedric," Annette squealed at the boy, " that's lovely (giggle) ... lick me just like your doing! Lick and finger me!" She ran her fingers up into her cunt to show him. A second later Cedric, still the quick study; brought his own hand up to the same spot to finger-fuck at Annette's pink puss-tart while still gobbling upon her dung-hole with boyish zeal! 

Cedric's bum munching of Annette didn't escape the roving eye of Annette; whose mouth fell open upon looking their way. The view made her see fit to tug upon her own nipples while at the same time Anika felt a selfish pang of jealousy. It was SHE who wanted to be the first to take Cedric up her wicked bum-channel; not Annette! He was so virginal in oh so many ways, and that very-first trip up a lady's bum was an important one! 

Oh well, Anika reasoned; Annette had been lovely sharing Bradley so selflessly with her earlier... she should only do the proper thing and let Annette have this other "first" with the boy, and besides; Anika was a bottomless pit of kink and depravity. There would be countless other "firsts" she'd have with young Cedric to be sure! She reached over and tickled Annette on her clitoral nub as the boy continued to munch anus. She then turned her attention back to Reggie standing at the bedside. 

"Reginald dearest," she said to him graciously, "I think you could be of assistance over at the swing with that cock of yours plum-bobbing the depths of Amanda's tonsils...yes?" 

"Of course luv!" Reggie answered. He moved over to the three others at the swing. 

Amanda now bit her lip once more as she saw the tall black shape of Ted towering above her; not menacing at all, but certainly powerful and with a huge cock being prepared vigorously in his hand. It appeared as though somebody had lined a huge Texas summer squash with veins and ridges before painting it dark brown. To Amanda it looked absolutely ferocious and hungry as it pulsed in his fist and her clit throbbed out of excitement at the mere sight. She knew with Fabio's São Paulo python already pummeling her pretty poo-pit; things were a tight squeeze already. How on earth was she expected to now take that thing of Ted's in her snatch-hole? Her eyes met Ted's and she nodded to him. He knelt over her and the head of his cock pushed against the slickness of her pink opening. 

"HAAAHHHRRRRRRR!" howled Amanda as she forced the air out her lungs against the neck of the powerful black fellow. Her arms wrapped around his back, she adjusted to the push of the enormous veiny "quim-wrecker" of a cock now moving up inside her; stretching her and threatening to bust her apart at the seams! It wasn't a penis, it was a veiny juggernaut of blood and tissue; stretching and scouring the sides of her pussy! It struck the back of her womb and Amanda let out an apprehensive yelp of fear mixed with surprised pleasure; and making her jaw quiver with an equal measure of pain mixed with excitement! 

She waited and focused on her breathing; remaining calm. She had to adjust. Several seconds passed. It was just a matter of mind over throbbing blood engorged matter. She turned to her inner monologue for strength. 

"SEE GIRL," she told herself in the back of a fevered mind, "THAT BIG OL' FELLAH DIDN"T SPLIT YOU! YOU CAN TAKE IT... JUST LIKE YOU DID ALL THOSE OTHERS! NOW JUST RELAX... that's it baby doll... relax. HMMM... good girl Amanda...you like stretches like this...IT'S NICE! YES... AND IT DOES FEEL GOOD WITH THAT OTHER FELLAH UP YOUR ASS NOW DOESAN'T IT? (giggle) YESSS OF COURSE IT DOES BABY GIRL...OKAY AMANDA, HE'S LOOKING AT YOU ALL CONCERNED LIKE HE HURT YOU... REASSURE HIM! You're okay." 

The pain was beginning to melt away for Amanda. The hurtful splitting stretch to her asshole and puss-passage now slowly gave way to greedy selfish pleasure. Amanda brought her lips to Ted's ear and whispered, 

"Its okay. Start fuckin' me darlin'." 

Ted began to plow with Fabio doing the same beneath them. Amanda felt the wet tip of another cock as it brushed her cheek. She turned her head and saw Reggie's smiling face framed with curly red hair. 

The red-headed man's dick bumped her nose and smeared warm salty pre-cum across her upper lip. She opened her mouth and she began to suck. She was now airtight and crushed with flesh pushing from all sides; much to the delight of the onlookers with to their own selfish needs! In the crowd of onlookers hands found cocks, hands found cunts, hands found tits; all eyes however, remained solely on Amanda and her three stewards! 
