 Special note: I wish to thank Annette Bishop, Kirsten, Nancy, Liz, Ted, and Amanda; without whose support and inspiration this story would not have been created. Thank you all so very much! 

***** 

The two women walked along side one another in the wooded grove of cedars, olives, and cypress trees; their wispy short gowns billowing slightly in the warm breezes of the Mediterranean. They giggled together at some bit of humor the two had shared just moments before, their moods and movements bright and happy as the rays of sunlight washing over them. Everything around them was bathed in warm glow as their bare feet negotiated the paving stones of a mountain road leading to an ancient broken temple that emerged from the trees in the distance. 

"Come on Annette," Shelby challenged her more mature but equally beautiful companion, "you're too slow!" 

"I'm in no hurry Shelby," Annette Bishop replied to her young acolyte, "but if I chose to run I could easily outpace you, Miss Shortlegs!" 

"My legs may be short but I can move them fast enough and what's more," Shelby replied with her characteristic playfulness just seconds before swatting Annette's bum with a mischievous hand, "my hands are fast as well!" 

Annette felt the honeybee sting of Shelby's swat and yelped in mock surprise. She retaliated with a playful swat of her own; aiming for the younger woman's bum, (only for her hand to swish open air as Shelby had already dashed ahead out of reach). A merry chase between the two was on as laughing and shrieking, the two dashed ahead up the road; one after the other in hot pursuit! 

Up flew their gowns in the breeze, exposing a pair of delectable heart shaped rumps as the pair dashed up the broken paving stones; a gleaming white marbled temple ruin lying just ahead. Shelby's legs and arms flew; speeding the compact dirty-blonde pixie along the ground, but the lovely taller brunette Annette easily closed the distance behind her until at last her long dancer's strides brought her to within reach of the girl. At a slight curve in the path Annette leaned and grasped with both hands, laughing as she did so. 

Her arms reached out to tackle the girl and tumble her into the grass at the road's bend so as then to pin her down for a good tickling; yet it would not be. As Annette's lovely white limbs reached out to seize the little pixie's hourglass form, Shelby shot up into the air like a giggling dart. Annette wrapped her arms and tackled empty air; crashing from the path into the soft grass, tumbling end over delightful end. 

She pulled herself from the green sod and glanced up to see Shelby staring down at her, the girl's dragonfly wings beating the air frantically as she hovered above her fallen companion with a look of playful mockery etched on her face. The girl then fell upon Annette like an aspen leaf. She seized her mistress by the neck and shoulders as the older woman wrapped her legs around the waist of the girl, (who now had seen fit to be 'caught'). The pair kissed; long hard and deep. Finally, they parted mouths and gazed into the eyes of one another. 

"Will it always be like this?" Shelby asked happily. 

"One can hope," Annette replied to the little nymph, "but the fates love change and change may be something we'll need to embrace when the time comes." 

"Nothing is constant," Shelby said with a nod, her voice trailing off into an eerie echo that filled Annette with a bit of unease and caused her to pull the girl in protectively. 

She felt the young nymph paw greedily at her breast and presently, a nubbin of a nipple popped from Annette's sheer slip; only to be met by Shelby's lips. The girl set about suckling and nursing. Annette's eyes narrowed. She felt lips and tongue do lovely dirty-work upon her breast as the deft fingers of the pretty girl slipped between her legs; finding Annette's sex for a rude bit of groping. 

The lovely MILF and the sylph ground pelvises against one another. They felt their passions rise, however something else was rising; that being Annette's feeling of change and uncertainty. She sensed flux and chaos amidst the desire and love that was overtaking her. 

Her eyes continued to narrow until they became slits as the girl's lips, limbs, and lady-loins did their work, (and with that narrowing Annette saw the sky that had been bright and beautiful now seem to turn fast with dark clouds that swirled with alternating shades of purple, grey and black). The wind began bending the trees and the two women found themselves pelted with leaves and chaff as they continued to make love in the manner of great poetess Sappho. The sun disappeared behind the whirling clouds and the world seemed to have transformed itself into a tempest. 

Annette oddly felt no panic in what whirled around her. To her change meant chaos danger and risk but it also meant opportunity. For now, she merely let the storm blow as she rolled the girl over and kissed her, sliding down her body until she found the sex of the pretty pixie princess. 

Shelby parted her pretty pink puss-lips and Annette's tongue plunged into the girl's sex. The pixie's hips rose and fell, rose and fell against the mouth of her mistress as lightning flashed now across the heavens. Rain fell lashing the two, it was then that Annette heard Shelby's voice ring out in a scream, not in ecstasy but out of sheer panicked terror! 

Annette's head whirled about and she squinted through the driving rain. A flash of lightning illuminated her cheeks. A second later her eyes went wide. Her mouth opened to scream but no sound emitted from within. She could not move save her eyes. 

There... not ten paces from the two women; sky-lined on a slight rise and standing in the pelting rain and wind were a pair of shapes. They belonged to two superbly mounted men possessing sinewy muscled forms. At first sight through the gale Annette had thought it odd that she could not see the heads of their mounts, but a second lightning flash that cracked the sky revealed to both her and Shelby the fact that the men were not riding. They were conjoined to powerful equine bodies, each atop four sturdy horse legs; centaurs! 

Another scream from Shelby snapped Annette from her paralysis and she spun around to hold Shelby close and protect her. Shelby's eye's however betrayed to all present that she was well in the grip of the fight-or-flight response and that the latter had already won. She rose into the air like a terrified hummingbird, fairy wings flitting frantically and shrieked at the top of her lungs, 

"Annette run!" 

Annette made it to her feet and she reached out to Shelby; only to see the girl dart away in terrified haste like one of the many leaves blown by the wind. She attempted to run. It was no use as both of the fearsome beasts easily covered the distance with long strides. 

One of the creatures out-flanked her and wheeled about, blocking her exit. She looked up at him, a great tall African man with powerful arms and a leering expression. She recognized the face and for a moment her fevered mind forced her to blurt out, 

"TED?" 

The man-beast reared and kicked with his front hooves as though pawing the air. He opened his mouth to reply but it wasn't Ted's voice that came forth. Instead her ears were met by the bellow of an angry stallion; snorting and whinnying with rage and lust while a long horse phallus swung below its belly like a black-grey pendulum of flesh. 

Annette spun again to run the other direction. She ran straight into the chest and fore-body of the second beast, a powerful exquisite Caucasian with northern features, a strong chin and sculpted cheekbones, all atop the body of a powerful stallion with brown hair matching the thick locks on his head. He was beautiful and terrifying; as beautiful and terrifying as his erect pink and grey dappled horse dong that rose and fell against his belly like some crude sort of equine sex cudgel. She again recognized the face and blurted in surprise, 

"BRAD? WHAT ARE..." 

She was met with another angry snort and stud bellow as the white centaur stamped the ground before her with seething power and desire. Before her mind could register what was happening, the black centaur seized her from behind in two powerful arms; throwing her over his shoulder with brutish ease. She felt the powerful black spin around with her as she was carried off in the direction of the crumbling temple; his thick bicep and fore-arms holding her in place over his back as she held onto his shaggy black horse hair. Her heart was now filled with equal amounts of helpless terror, trepidation, and oddly enough... lustful excitement! 

Her mind was a blur. She could only feel the great speed at which they hurtled ahead; the wind roaring in her ears. She no-longer seemed to experience thought; only images and sensation as she found herself tossed about like a sack of meal on the back of the black galloping man-stallion as the pale Euro-centric centaur thundered alongside; attempting to snatch her from his companion and take her for his own. The two beasts may have been companions, but when it came to a female as beautiful as this, they were as two competitors; each wishing to satisfy his selfish savage needs with her... and in her! 

Upon arriving at the grounds to the ruin both horse-men skidded to a halt. Annette found herself heaved crudely by the black from his shoulder and forcefully tossed across a marble column that lay toppled on its side; shattered and useless until now, (as the two man-beasts now had a new purpose for it). The broken stone support would serve as a breeding platform for their lovely helpless captive. 

All Annette's strength and ability to resist was gone. They were simply too strong and too powerful. She was too terrified and too awestruck. 

The black reached down with an enormous hand and seized her garments, tearing them away easily. He flicked the rags away, sending them sailing off out of sight in the wind. Annette now lay naked before two towering forms that leered at her hungrily, their horse-cocks swinging menacingly in anticipation of what was to come next. 

The "Brad-beast" attempted a grope at Annette's nudity, only to take a bone-crushing punch to the jaw from the black "Ted-taur." The dappled bay Caucasoid man-horse bellowed in protest; rubbing his face and snarling with rage, but he backed down. He knew he'd have to wait his turn; his lip trickling blood from the black's thunderous right cross. The Ted-taur now turned to her, glaring with red eyes. 

With a forceful hand, he seized her by her raven locks. He was immediately on the marble column, straddling the broken cylinder with his four muscular legs to either side; tail flicking back and forth in the wind. It was then he leaned forward and pulled her face up to his; uttering crudely the first human words she'd heard from either of the horsemen, 

"You...will...(SNORT) SUCK...ME!" 

It was more roar than words and Annette's mind at first didn't register what she'd been told, but he roughly thrust her down between his front legs and she immediately came face to face with his loins; an angry demonic black club of a dong, veiny and throbbing between two fist-sized testicles. Her nostrils were immediately assaulted by the funk of horse-balls, matted hair, and sweat. She might have run but it would have been no use. The pulsing black phallus rose and fell before her, angry and waiting. 

Strangely now, her terror melted like ice upon a hot stove; replaced by the oddest sensation possible - lewd fascination! She simply couldn't tear her eyes from the throbbing eighteen-inch tube of flesh with its odd bell shaped head and yawning pee-hole. Veins ran up and down its length like vines covering a teak-log branch that pulsed and twitched in anticipation of female contact; the fact of Annette's humanity having no bearing on this rude instrument's needs. It needed feminine flesh and in all its raging testosterone fueled fury, beast or beautiful babe simply made no difference! 

Annette reached out... and grasped the foot and a half long column of flesh in both hands as if it were a baby elephant's trunk; marveling at the throbbing warmth below the black skin. It was full of blood. Somewhere above her the black man-stallion whinnied and snorted in excitement. She however paid him no mind as she marveled at the crude flesh. She opened her mouth as wide as she could; bringing the leathery mushroom head to her lips. 

The black's eyes went wide and he snorted with heady excitement. He felt the woman's mouth begin to work the end of his knob as her hands ran up and down is shaft rapidly and roughly. His lip quivered and he stared off into the wind and rain...not seeing, only feeling. 

Annette gorged and nursed the horrid instrument; ashamed at what she was doing... yet simultaneously thrilled beyond words, beyond thought, beyond reason. She ran one hand down the underside of the coarse shaft and found the pair of warm meaty balls; cupping first one and then the other and then back to the first again. Her other hand stroked, stroked, stroked along the shaft as her mouth sucked, sucked, sucked the bell-shaped head; all the while the raging black above her snorted and bellowed in the triumphant joy of sexual male conquest! 

What was she doing? This was insane! She wanted the cock of a beast in her? REALLY? Her mind however could not have cared in the least; she craved this, as foul and forbidden as it was it thrilled her to no end, and therefore she rammed it into the back of her throat now with reckless abandon as the beast whickered and snorted. 

Her hands and mouth worked in filthy bestial coordination and soon she tasted a hint of what was to come (or better still cum), as her tongue clearly detected the tell-tale note of pre-ejaculate trickling from the end. Her hand found her snatch and she strummed herself frantically as her tonsils hammered on the "manimal's" throbbing sex organ; over and over and over again. It was all the Ted-taur could do to merely stand and take the exquisite sensation of the lovely mouth upon him; his legs quivering and his lips trembling below flaring nostrils. 

It did not take long, she heard the shrill bellow as the black achieved his point of no return. A moment later and she felt the salty hot rush as the black's balls shuddered in her palm and send molten goo into her gulper. It was a torrent of molten male magma, spilling over her lips and running down her chin; yet she gulped nursed and swallowed what seemed like a bellyful. It was strange to her, salty and yet with a grassy taste, as though all things green and grazed from the fields were distilled in this briny essence, and she wanted more! 

She pulled back and the great beast stepped back from the column. They made eye contact, he whinnied and snorted; much calmer now, as if she'd fed him an apple and scratched behind his ears. She looked into the eyes of the handsome black man and saw they were softer now. Her expression was now a quizzical stare; could he go again? She opted to find out. 

She hopped off the column and spun around; placing her head and shoulders low on the top of the cylinder with her ass high in the air, supported by her feet and lovely legs. It was as if she were bent over a desk. The alpha male Ted took the hint and a foot and a half's worth of horse cock sprang back to life, banging up and down against his belly. 

Annette heard Ted bellow and snort and she shut her eyes; not knowing what would happen next. She flinched as a pair of heavy front hooves smacked the marble to either side of her with a heavy clatter. She opened her eyes and a split second later, she felt it. Eighteen inches of horse-cock was pushing at the entrance to her quim-hole. 

Her opening resisted and then yielded as her puss-passage gave way to unstoppable force. Annette let out a scream of pain melded with pleasure as a determined horse dick, gained entrance and pushed up inside. She felt him split her, and run in straight to the limit of travel. She let out a panicked EEEEYYYAGGGHHH! and then paused, catching her breath as oddly, he waited for her to become accustomed. 

She reached over to a horse leg next to her, and patted it; running her hands through the shaggy black hair. The cock inside her remained stationary. She found her breath. She patted the leg reassuringly and a large black hand reached down between the two front horse legs and tussled her hair. 

"Ok," she said up to him, "start!" 

He began to fuck her. She began to grunt and push back against the monster dong that was splitting her. She began to stretch and accommodate, and love it! 

She leaned to one side out from under the front leg of the black and beckoned to the other centaur to approach. The snorting Brad beast complied cautiously at first, wary of Ted's temper. She reassured Brad. 

"Come on up alongside baby," she said, "he won't hurt you, not with his cock stretching my snatch!" 

In the end, the need for female touch outweighed Brad's concern. He found himself standing alongside the black, his cock pulled from underneath his belly and a sharp angle and straight into the waiting mouth of Annette. She was now, "skewered"; massive cock at one end and massive cock at the other. She began to fuck and suck, happily spit-roasted. 

It didn't take long for Brad. In what seemed just like a few blissful gluttonous minutes for her she tasted his pre-spendings; grassy notes of salinity dancing on her tongue. She throated and gagged and shortly brought him to a roaring crescendo. His cock spouted like a salty fountain and again hot salty warmth ran down her chin, neck and breasts, as well as straight into her greedy stomach. He'd been spent, and he stepped back to allow the alpha to finish with her. 

The Ted beast began to thrash harder and harder rutting himself into the sex of the impassioned woman beneath him. She now was feeling a whole new level of splitting satisfaction; deep hard and powerful. As he snorted and raged she cursed and swore and egged him on. At last he bellowed again, as if struck with a mortal wound. This time she screamed in joyous agony as a climax ripped her from head to toe. The horse-cock lurched, jerked, and filled her quim to the brim with hot ropes of salty horse-juice. 

"Waaahhh!" she awoke. 

She was in her Covent garden flat. It was morning. There was a young man; probably nineteen sleeping next to her on his stomach. On the other side of her, her maid Felicia; naked and lovely slumbered peacefully. Down between her legs the sheet was warm and moist. The dream had brought her off, good and hard. She brought damp fingers to her lips; expecting to taste grassy notes, but only finding her own sweet puss drippings. 

A new day had dawned. Felicia rolled on her side and yawned. She looked up at her employer with bedroom eyes. 

"You cannot sleep?" she asked. 

"No," Annette answered, "I just woke up. Had a vivid dream." 

Felicia ran a hand between her boss's legs. Her fingers immediately found Annette's effluvial dribblings on the sheet, (and on her employer's puss lips). She smiled happily and popped a finger in her mouth. 

"By the feel and taste of things, it was a wet one!" 

She laughed at her own joke; glancing at the slumbering youth to Annette's other side. He'd been merely some cute lad Annette had found at the club last night and brought home. She'd been going out every night ever since her two cubs, Brad and Shelby, had left for the continent. 

Whatever this slumbering boy's name was; be it Cyril, Nigel, Eddie (or whomever), it simply didn't matter. He was nothing more than a spent tissue and a notch on the bedpost. What's more, Felicia knew; he needed to be out on the next Uber leaving this place and Felicia also realized Annette probably needed breakfast. 
