 Credit to whom due. Thanks to Bebop3 for the pre-post beta. Thanks to my editing team and the folks over at SI.

There are strong bi-sexual female elements in this story. If that is not something you enjoy, this is not for you.

***

I was sitting at my desk writing a story for my own entertainment. It was about three-thirty in the afternoon and I began hearing a dog bark across the street. That's what dogs do, so I didn't think much about it. Suddenly I heard a scream out on the sidewalk in front of my house. I occasionally hear small children screaming outside, but they're playing and that's what small children do when they play. This scream was different. It was about pain and fear, and it made me shoot out of my chair and hurry the ten feet or so to the front door. I looked out and there was a young girl fighting with a dog on the sidewalk. The dog was the pit-bull that lived across the street. She lived in a fence, but apparently, she had escaped and had attacked the girl. The girl had on shorts, running shoes and a tank top. She had an iPod and it looked like she had been jogging. That must have triggered some instinct in the dog and it had attacked. It had her by the forearm and I could see that she was bleeding.

I keep a small baseball bat beside the front door to repel unwelcome visitors and I snatched it up. I hurried outside and gave the dog a whack in the ribs. The damned thing let go of the girl's arm and bit me on the calf. It hurt like hell and I gave it another whack. This time I hit it in the head as hard as I could and it collapsed. The owner from across the street was hurrying over.

"What the hell did you do to my dog?" he shouted.

"The question you should be asking is what the hell your dog did to me and this girl," I told him. "You're going to be lucky if you don't get sued. Get this thing off my sidewalk and yourself, too."

I turned my back to him and helped the girl inside. "We need to get you cleaned up, honey," I told her. "Both of us need to see a doctor. Dog bites are nasty. We'll get an infection if we don't. Dogs have bad things on their teeth."

She was obviously in a little shock. She was crying and trembling and she sort of clung to me. "Thank you," she said. "It was so strong! I thought it was going to kill me! I'm so glad you helped me."

I got first aid stuff and cleaned up her arm and my leg. I took a couple of pictures in case we needed them and wrapped up our wounds. We went out and got in my car. She was still crying. I suspect her arm hurt as bad as my calf did. I petted her a little and she calmed down. "I'm so sorry," I told her. "We'll get fixed up at the emergency room. I don't even know your name, honey."

"I'm Courtney Leavett," she said, her voice sounding jittery from the flood of adrenaline. "Thanks for saving me from that dog. I thought it was going to tear my arm off. It jumped right at my face and I just put my arm up by instinct. I run by there every day and I've never seen it before." She shivered. "It came out of nowhere."

Seeing how affected she was, I rested my hand on her shoulder. "I'm Osmund Clancy," I told her. "You can call me Oz."

"I know who you are," she said. "I've seen you keeping time at track meets. I pole vault. Plus, you're kind of a legend on the girls' track team. I've seen your name all over the women's track record board. You're the only black woman who lives in our town. That makes you kind of special."

"You mean like riding the short bus?"

That made her laugh, and the tears were over. She was a cute little thing, not much over five feet. My five-nine dwarfed her, but she had a nice little package going on. She had long, glossy brown hair and dark skin with big brown eyes. I don't think the skin was naturally dark, but she had a nice tan. We pulled up at the emergency room and helped each other in. My leg hurt like hell and she told me her arm did, too. It was a small emergency room so we didn't have to wait long. Courtney was eighteen, so we didn't have any trouble getting her treated. She called her mom and told her what had happened. She told her that she was fine and I was taking care of her. She wanted to take off work and come down but Courtney told her she was fine and would see her when she got home from work.

They put us in beds that were separated by a curtain and I heard her tell the nurse that she wanted to be able to see me. The nurse asked her if she was sure and she was. When they took the curtain back she smiled over at me. "Hi," she said. "I think we're neighbors."

I laughed. "Tell me about Courtney while we wait to be tortured," I said.

She told me she was a senior, she went to the career center half the day for nursing and she wanted to be a Physician's Assistant. She was good at the pole vault, but not good enough to make state last year. She had a boyfriend, but didn't know if she was going to keep him. She was the president of her class and planned to go to the local junior college when she graduated in two months. She asked me what I did and I told her I was a writer. She asked me what kind of writing I did. I explained to her that I had published three fiction books. It turned out that she had read two of them, but since I write under a pen-name she didn't know it was me. I told her I also wrote erotic fiction, mostly for my own amusement, but several of my stories were online.

She was very intrigued about that. I gave her the website where I keep them and she told me she was going to read them.

"They're very explicit," I warned her. "You may be shocked."

"I like being shocked," she said. We didn't talk any more about that because the doctor came in and looked us over. We both got several anesthetic shots and they probed around, trying to clean the puncture wounds. We both got stitches and they cut us loose with prescriptions for pain medication, antibiotics and steroids. I kidded her about performance enhancing drugs and she laughed. She could get around a lot better than me since her damage was on her arm and she let me lean on her on the way to the car. Luckily, it was my left leg so I could drive. It was six-thirty by the time we got out and I asked her if she wanted to grab a burger. She did, but she didn't have any money with her. I told her it was on me since she got bit on my sidewalk. That made her laugh and she agreed. We talked girl stuff while we ate. 

"Are you married, or do you have a boyfriend, Oz?" she asked.

I laughed. "No, I don't think I'm ready for marriage, even if I had found someone I wanted to marry," I told her. "I'm pretty happy being single."

"I guess if you're happy, there's no need to be married." She gave me a tentative smile. "Don't you ever get lonely?"

"No, not really," I said. "I date, have a lot of friends. I travel a lot, and I meet people. I don't really have a boyfriend. I do have a couple of fuck buddies when I'm feeling horny, so I don't sweat that. One of my fuck buddies is a man and one's a woman."

She looked a little shocked at that, but she didn't say anything.

When we finished our burgers I took her home. Her mom came out to the car and she was very grateful when she heard the story. She was an older version of Courtney. Her hair was dyed blonde and she had that same tight little body as her daughter. Her name was Chloe and she owned a hair salon. She offered to do my hair for free. I asked her if she was any good at dreads and she laughed. "No, I don't get much of a chance to work on black hair, but I'd like to try." Courtney came and leaned in the window. She hugged me and kissed my cheek.

"Would you care if I came over sometime?" she asked. "I'd love to just hang out with you. I'm kinda worried about that dog, though. Do you think it will attack me?"

"I certainly hope not," I said. "I've lived in my house for a while and I've never seen it lose before. I'm not even sure it's going to be feeling like attacking anyone. If you text me, I'll open the garage door, you can pull in and I'll close the door. I have one of those Alexa garage door openers, and I can just tell the door to open."

"Savage," she said. "Do you know anything about pole vault?"

I didn't but I know about running and I told her I could probably help her with her approach. I had done some high-jumping, long-jump and triple-jump. She promised to text me and see when I wasn't busy. Her lips were close to my ear and she whispered. "I'm going to read your stories," where her mom couldn't hear.

Sure enough, she texted me on Friday and asked if I was busy Saturday evening. I had a date, but I wasn't crazy about the guy or the idea of going out with him anyway. I'll go out with nearly anyone once. This was the second time he had asked me and I wasn't feeling the vibe. I called him and canceled. He wasn't too happy so I told him to fuck off permanently. I texted Courtney and asked her if she would eat dinner with me. She sent me a smiley face and I started thinking about what would happen. One of my favorite fantasies had always been about fucking a teenage white girl. Courtney was what I had in mind when I fingered my pussy to orgasm that night. I realized it was probably just a fantasy. She was probably completely straight. She wouldn't be interested in a 27 year old black woman, anyway. The thought of that sweet little face and those firm little teenage titties made my pussy so wet I had to change the sheets.

She texted me when she was a block away, about five, and I told Alexa to open the garage door. I went to the door leading off the laundry room into the garage and opened it, waiting for her. She jumped out and hurried in, looking around a little nervously. I guess she was worried that damn dog had come in when she pulled in.

I had dinner set to be ready at five-thirty. She sat at the bar in the kitchen and chattered while I put the finishing touches on. She was a very vocal girl, and I loved hearing the sound of that sweet little voice. She told me about school and how her nursing program was going. I gave her the plot of my latest book and she couldn't wait to read it. We sat at the kitchen table and ate. I asked her if she wanted a glass of wine. She wasn't old enough, but I didn't give a shit about that. It's always seemed to me like kids old enough to vote, get married and be in the military should be old enough to drink if they want to. She took the wine and we ate. She poured refills about two thirds through dinner and again before dessert. She was a little giggly when we took our hot fudge brownies to the sofa. She had a little drip of chocolate on her chin when we finished the brownies. I reached out and wiped it off with my thumb. I caressed her cheek and she smiled up at me. Her skin was baby soft under my fingers. I licked off the chocolate, making a little production out of it.

She was blushing and I guess I had been a little erotic. "I read some of your stories," she said. "I've never read anything like that in my life. There were several types of stories I liked. Some were too violent for me. They just seemed like they were designed to make people come as quickly as possible. The ones I liked the best were where people realized some hidden desire they always had but were too afraid to explore. Do you really do the things you write about?"

"No, most of them are just fantasies," I told her. "I do want to do all of them that don't involve violence. A lot of the stuff is just for a good orgasm."

"I'm a little confused," she said. "A lot of your stories seem like they involve girl on girl stuff. Are you a lesbian, Oz?"

I laughed. "Most people wonder if I'm a wizard. No, I'm not a lesbian, Courtney. I like beautiful people. They turn me on whether they're male or female. I like sex. As long as I'm attracted to someone, I don't much care if they're boys or girls."

She seemed like she wanted to say something, but she was either too embarrassed or too scared to get it out. I just put my arm over her shoulder, squeezed her and played with her hair. That seemed to settle her down a bit and she looked up at me, eyes reflecting her uncertainty.

"Oz, can I ask you something?"

"Of course," I said. "You can ask me anything."

She took a deep breath. "Okay, I'm really scared to ask you. I don't even know how, so I'm just going to go. Oz, are you attracted to me?" Courtney asked.

"How could I not be?" I asked. "You're as cute as a kitten, you're fun to hang out with and you're a track girl. All those things are attractive to me."

She breathed. I hadn't noticed but, evidently, she'd been holding her breath. "Whew!" she said. "I was afraid maybe you wouldn't be. I'm attracted to you, too, Oz. You are the most beautiful woman I've ever seen. Everything about you is on fleek."

I laughed. "I hope that's something good. Wanna watch a movie?"

She did and we snuggled in and pulled up Netflix. We sorted through the chick flicks and found one we both wanted to see. She was all warm, soft and cuddly, and we giggled and gave each other those tentative glances people who are getting comfortable with each other give. When the movie was over she insisted she was going to help me clean up the dishes. I had a dishwasher, but there weren't that many, so she washed and I dried.

She washed the last pan, I dried it and she moved over to the towel rack to dry her hands. The pot rack was over her head and I moved to hang the pan. I sort of pinned her against the bar to hang it up, pressing against her back. When I got it hung she turned to face me, putting her arms around my waist, holding me closely to her and looking up into my face. She looked like she wanted to be kissed, so I did. It turned passionate in a split second and by the time we broke it, she was tight against me, our breasts pressing together and we were both breathing heavily.

"Oz, would you make love with me?" she asked.

"Do you want me to?" I asked her.

"Maybe," she said. "I think you're gorgeous, Oz. You have the most fantastic legs and butt I've ever seen. You have nice boobs and your face is to die for. You make me laugh all the time and you are an amazing cook."

"What would make up your mind?" I asked.

"How much nerve I have," she said. "I really never thought about making love to another woman until I read your stories. They made me wet. Your women characters seem so gentle and tender with each other. I like guys, but they're kind of rough in my experience. All they seem to care about is getting their rocks off."

"You have a limited experience with men, Courtney," I told her. "I know men that care deeply about how their partner feels. They make sure you get off before they even think about themselves. High school boys mostly think with their cocks. It takes men a while to grow up. Can I kiss you again, honey?"

She blushed and nodded. I pulled her toward me and took out a couple of pins from her hair. It came tumbling down around her shoulders and I tasted her lips. She tasted like wine, chocolate and fresh girl. Her lips were full and very soft and I pulled the puffy lower one inside, closing my teeth gently on it and stretching it a little. I let it slip away and kissed her aggressively, parting her lips and feeling her little pointed tongue dueling with mine. I walked her backward, out of the kitchen and to the sofa, eased her down and pushed her back until we were lying down, our breasts rubbing together and the thigh of my uninjured leg between her thighs. She had on a small pair of denim shorts and I had on equally short lycra. Our pussies were against thighs and I could feel our skin touching. She felt warm and soft under me and we continued to kiss. I brought my hands down to the edge of her t-shirt and slid them inside. She felt like silk under my fingers, hard muscles under a plush surface. I could feel the ridges of her abs and I slid the shirt up under her breasts. It hung on those little teenage titties for a minute and when it slipped I could feel a little lacy bra underneath. She raised her arms and sat up a little so I could slip it over her head. Her bra was black and it hooked in the front. Those firm little breasts popped out when I unhooked it and I drew it up and over her arms. She was amazing to look at, just a little erotic doll, and she made me so horny I wanted to explode. Her breasts were so firm they were nearly hard, perfect little cones, the tips entirely covered by slightly puffy brown areola and capped with tiny brown and very erect nipples. When I bent and took one inside my lips, my tongue flipping the little tip, she went wild.

"Oz! Oh my God, Oz, oh God, that feels so good."

Her fingers clutched at my hair, pulling me into the firm little mound as she arched her back toward me. She was coming! I guess the combination of her youth and inexperience, the taboo of being with another girl and my not inconsiderable skill at knowing how to make a woman feel pleasure must have been overwhelming to her. As I switched to the other little nipple she continued to come, gasping my name until the spasms faded into just pleasure. I laved those little cones with attention until I felt her hands tentatively moving over my boobs. She seemed to like the way they felt and she pinched my nipples. I felt her trying to pull my top up and I helped her by pulling it over my head. I wasn't wearing a bra and her fingers sank into my tits as she explored. 

I pressed our breasts together and rubbed nipples with her. The contrast between our skin colors was beautiful and her small breasts against my larger ones painted an erotic picture of youth and maturity. I moved up so I could feed her a nipple and her lips latched on like a baby. It felt incredibly good and I half smothered her, pressing first one and then the other breast into her eager lips. I stood up and led her to a futon so we could get more room. When I pulled her down on top of me, she followed eagerly and we kissed. I let my hands wander, easing between us so I could undo the snap and zipper of her shorts. They were loose, anyway, and with the waist undone I could slip my hands inside, up under her panties so I could play with her hard little ass. It felt incredible. The skin was soft as tissue and there was iron underneath. I ran my fingers down the downy soft cleft of her ass and underneath, feeling for the heat and moisture below. It was hard to reach and I rolled her over, pulling her shorts and panties off, leaving her beautifully bare. She had more fluff down there than I expected. I was shaved bare and most women seem to be, these days. She was the exception.

It was very soft and springy under my touch and I tugged at a stray curl, making her giggle. When my lips nipped at her mons she began to moan in anticipation. By the time I parted the curls and found the little pink lips inside she was panting and when I slid my tongue inside she began to tremble. Her hips were moving under me as she arched toward my pleasure giving tongue. When my tongue parted the lips and found the little nubbin hidden inside, the trembling grew pronounced and she began to urge me on.

"Oh, Oz, I can feel it. Something ... something's happening! Oh, my God, Oz, no one ... I've never ... oh God, oh God, keep doing that!"

Nothing could have made me stop at that point. I was going to blow this little girl's mind. If I did it right, maybe she would want more and we could become fuck buddies. I could easily spend the next ten or twenty years between these thighs. I liked her a lot and she would make a great little fuck toy. I pressed her little clit firmly with my tongue spread wide and she shuddered. When I pulled it inside my mouth and flipped it with a pointy tongue she went off like a rocket. I circled the base and grazed it with my teeth and she convulsed with pleasure as her voice rose to a small scream. When I inserted a finger she exploded all over again. I pumped the finger inside her and eased up on her clit. I knew from experience that it would rapidly become over sensitized but she could keep cumming on my finger. I gave her two and curled my index finger up to find her g-spot. When I found the fleshy little pad I thought she was going to get away from me.
