 Katrin Olsson was torn from her sleep abruptly by city bus hydraulics just outside her second floor apartment window every morning without fail. Although she had an early meeting with her new business partner, her recent acquisition of a joint apartment and office rental allowed her to slip out of bed at a comfortable hour and walk right downstairs to her office.

Katrin hopped out from under her comforter, donned in only her skimpy, pink lace panties, which she promptly slipped off as she headed towards her bathroom for a quick shower.

In front of her vintage dresser-top mirror, she put on her black-framed glasses and dried her shoulder-length straight golden hair before she brushed and tied it into a ponytail. She admired the spoils of her strenuous workouts: tight abs, muscular arms, and toned legs. Small, yet firm breasts made her more aerodynamic; she loved and hated this blessing bestowed upon her.

Who needs big tits? You are a god damned professional blowjob instructor, she assured herself as she put on her bra and buttoned up a white short-sleeved blouse. She carefully slid a short black skirt over her legs which were dressed in sheer tights, and stepped down the back stairs to her convenient first floor office. Her new business partner was waiting at the door and had been sending her angry texts.

"Malena!" Katrin exclaimed as she rushed to open the door. "I didn't hear my phone. Sorry, that you've been waiting!" Katrin was always stunned by her friend Malena's beauty. She was a Mexican-Lebanese sexpot with long glamorous dark brown hair and big almond-shaped eyes. Her cleavage poured out of her tight blue cocktail dress; a questionable choice for work, that is, most other lines of work. 

"This neighborhood is sketchy, let me in," Malena complained. "The youths across the street started catcalling me." Malena quickly warmed up to a smile upon entrance and admired her tall blonde business partner.

"Here, take your key so you don't have to wait on me anymore."

"Thanks," Malena replied. "It's our first official day in business together, I am seriously fucking thrilled!" They hugged and smiled with giddy excitement.

"This is for real. No more, Katrin Olsson, Independent Consultant. We are BJ Bliss, LLC and about to take the market by storm—expert blowjob instruction using real cocks!"

"Yes," Malena confirmed, "We are going to take the market by storm alright, one load at a time. Wait, I prefer two."

Katrin gave Malena a quick tour around the office, which consisted of a lofty open room with street facing display windows, exposed brick walls, and a large ventilation pipe that ran across the ceiling. Two small desks and Katrin's bike were the only appointments of the main room, while the large kitchen and lounge area in back boasted a comfortable sofa and coffee table.

After the tour Katrin took a seat behind her desk to prepare for the upcoming meeting. Malena had made herself comfortable, sitting cross-legged on top of Katrin's desk and poking around on her phone, blatantly ignoring the small empty desk that Katrin had set up for her in the corner. Katrin rolled her eyes as she looked up to see the outline of a thong through Malena's skimpy blue dress just a few inches from her face.

"Are we sure about the name BJ Bliss?" Malena asked. "I liked Sucks in the City."

"Malena, I love you, I really do, but Sucks in the City is an awful, awful name," Katrin confessed as she browsed through some business documents on her laptop. "Besides, isn't that TV show like a thousand years old and isn't it called Sex and the City?"

"Yeah, but Sucks and the City doesn't make any sense," Malena explained. "Aren't we sucking dick in the city?

Katrin sighed in frustration at the absurd conversation they were having.

"Fine. Sucks in the City is out," Malena conceded. "What about BJ Bitches or Not Your Mother's BJ?"

"Come on, you're killing me," Katrin said with a laugh. "You know that BJ Bliss is infinitely better. Besides, I'm not going to insult my mother's blowjob skills. It's a long story, but she kind of taught me everything that I know."

"I knew it!" Malena blurted. "She totally friended me out of the blue and I was like who is this sexy MILF? It's Katrin's mom!" Malena held out her phone with Gertrud Olsson's profile picture.

"So where did you find this business consultant that we're meeting with today?" Katrin inquired, diverting the conversation.

"Oh, he is my friend's cousin," Malena explained. "Peter Alexandrovich, CPA, Lawyer, a business consultant extraordinaire, so I hear. I've never actually met him before. I know, I know, he sounds expensive," Malena continued, addressing Katrin's worried look, "but for some odd reason he was more than eager to help a couple of ladies start up their blowjob business. The first consultation is free, so why not?"

"Well, we can't pass that up," Katrin agreed. She looked over her partner's dangerous sexy dress. "Please try to keep this professional, Malena." She immediately regretted the last statement and cringed at herself.

"What? You mean don't fuck him as soon as he comes through the door?" Malena replied bitterly as her subtle Latina accent became very detectable. Katrin wasn't sure what level of offense she had just triggered, but braced herself nonetheless.

"You know why I got out of pharmaceutical sales and why I'm here. I was hoping for a fresh new start with you. I am sick of peddling poison for the man."

"I know, I'm sorry, I didn't mean it," Katrin cowered.

"You should be more grateful. I know it's been a few years since we worked together, but you will recall my complete and utter dominance in sales." Malena's expression turned more pleasant as she saw two young women walk by the window. "You see them? I'll bring them in for a cock-sucking lesson right now. Where do we keep the practice dildos?"

Katrin and Malena broken the tension with laughter and were suddenly surprised by a knock at the door.

"Peter!" Malena announced as she hopped off of Katrin's desk and rushed to let him in. She gave Peter lingering handshake as Katrin stepped out from behind her desk to greet him. Katrin was quickly taken aback by the tall handsome man who approached, obscured in shadows by the glowing daylight behind him.

"And you must be Ms. Olsson. It is nice to finally meet you," Peter said with smile as his strong deep voice reverberated through the lofty office space. Katrin admired his shiny leather shoes, grey tailored suit, and the crisp white shirt that he wore underneath with a light blue tie.

"Nice to meet you, pe, ah, Peter," Katrin said, her throat caught up with an unexpected and embarrassing stutter. She enjoyed a firm handshake with him, longer than necessary, and took in his appearance more closely. His thick and curly dark-brown hair was boyish and played in contrast to his masculine jawline and icy hazel eyes. She started to feel warmth between her legs.

Wow, she thought. When the hell is the last time I even had a date?

"Katrin? Katrin?" Malena repeated, to snap her out of it. "Where do we keep the coffee?"

