 My pal Trish and I had been working on the idea of starting a small business for some time, but we couldn't get a decent loan for startup money, no matter where we went.

One day, we were on our way to yet another bank to try again, though neither of us were too optimistic about this prospect either. When we got there, a loan officer took us back to his private office to review our paperwork. Of course, we got the same answer as everywhere else...at least at first.

Trish was pretty frustrated by this time. "Isn't there anything else we can do or go to get some financing? We're kind of at a standstill here."

Now keep in mind that Trish was an attractive blonde with a very thick ass and 40DD breasts and happened to be wearing a low-cut top that day. As she asked this, she had leaned over further to show off her generous cleavage. What she would do next would really blow my own mind...as well as get me hot.

"Well..." he'd begun to answer.."I'm not sure what else I can do for you ladies. Do you have any form of collateral?"

Trish then let go a sly grin after looking the guy over, from what she could see of him with clothes on anyway, before getting up and going around to the desk, then under it, kneeling down between his legs and licking the fabric of the crotch of his pants. His dick began to grow and strain against the material as Trish worked her tongue around the entire area. She then unzipped his pants and freed his cock, before taking his entire shaft into her mouth and began to perform deep throat on his hardness.

"Ohhhh….mmmmm….suck me, baby…..." he groaned.

In the midst of being pleasured by Trish's talented mouth, he looked over at me, telling me to take off my pants, get on the desk and spread my legs. While Trish continued deep throating his large cock, he buried his head between my legs, eating out my pussy and ass in time to her sucking.

"Oh God!" I gasped as he worked on my soaked cunt, "I'm going to cum!" 

I don't know how many times I had cum from just him doing me orally; I could almost imagine how great his cock would feel inside me. He then pulled away from the desk, his dick popping out of Trish's mouth.

"Get on the floor," he panted as he tore off his clothes. "I want to take both of you on!"

Trish and I followed, getting the rest of the way naked before getting down onto the carpeted floor. He then ordered me to ride his cock while pulling Trish down onto his face, giving her practically the same eating out he had me on the desk. The sound of her multiple orgasms made me ride his cock even harder until I also began to cum over and over onto his cock and balls.

Between all of this, Trish and I shared some French kissing and rubbing each other's tits and she fingered my clit while this horndog beneath us was working to give us sexual satisfaction of his own.

She then broke our kiss. "Ohhh my GOD, he eats my pussy so good! How does his cock feel?" she asked.

"Fucking fabulous...it just fills my cunt so full!" I answered as I fucked him harder.

She then ground her ass more into his face. "Yeah...don't stop baby..eat that ass..lick me..OHHHHH I'M GONNA CUM AGAIN!!!"

The three of us went on for several more minutes on the floor before he grunted, pushed Trish off his face and me off his dick, flipped me onto my back, and fucked me hard for a few minutes before working up his orgasm...

"OH BABY, YES! YES! I'M CUMMING!!!" he yelled as he shot off deep in my cunt with what seemed to be endless streams of wet, hot seed.

After his last load of cum went inside me, he rolled off onto his back on the floor. "Jesus...I never had such two hot women at once," he gasped.

Trish smiled and licked her lips. "And we're just getting started." She then did something that I never knew she'd do before; she dove her head between my legs, eating his cum out of me mixed with my own orgasms. I have never been eaten by a woman before, and Trish was amazingly as good at eating pussy as she was sucking cock!

Well, not only did she make me cum hard several times, the guy must have gotten excited watching her do me like that, as he got behind Trish, plowing his cock deep into her own pussy.

She pulled her head up at the sensation of him entering her. "Oh yes!" she called. "Fuck me!"

"Ohhhh yeah...give me that cunt!" he grunted as he fucked her. "Ohhhhh, you are a real sexy bitch..so wet and so hot!"

"Fuck meee....faster! Harder!" Trish screeched. "Give me all that big dick!"

He continued to bang her as I got behind both of them, toying with his balls with my hands while I licked his ass cheeks. The sensation of both my tongue and hands, as well as his cock sliding in and out of Trish's horny snatch sent him over the edge.

"Fuck! I'm gonna cum again!" he called.

He then pulled out of her and pushed both of us onto the floor, face up, before squirting gallons of creamy hot cum on both our bodies, aiming mostly on our tits. He then plowed back inside of Trish to empty the last of his cum inside her before collapsing beside us for another break.

Meanwhile, Trish and I were at it again; we took turns licking the cum he had spurted on us off each other. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see him growing hard yet again as he watched us before he stood up.

"Suck me," he ordered. "Both of you suck my cock!"

Trish then began licking and sucking his balls as I took his hardness into my own mouth, sucking eagerly.

"Yeah, ladies, that's it. Work that dick...you cock sucking whores!"

As he bobbed in and out of my mouth, Trish would lick his shaft while working on his sack with her hand. I then took his cock out of my mouth and guided it into hers, when she began to deep throat him and I took over working on his balls and ass with my mouth and hands.

"Ohhhhhhhh..." he groaned. "Slutty little bitches love sucking that cock..you know you do. Yeah, do me like that...such good cock guzzlers!"

Trish and I would keep taking turns sucking his cock until he was about to cum a third time. "Ohhhhhhhhh....yeah....gonna cum...both of you drink my cum!"

He shot his first load down Trish's throat before she shoved his dick into my mouth to take the rest of his sperm, both of us eagerly swallowing the loads of it we'd gotten. Once his balls had been empty of cum, he flopped onto the chair.

We still weren't through working on him sexually. 

He had only been in the chair a few minutes when Trish took him into her mouth again, sucking him as he grew rock hard yet again. He had been groaning above her and face fucking Trish when she pulled his cock out of her mouth.

"Fuck her," she ordered him, indicating me. "I want to watch you fuck London. I want to see your cock inside her….fuck her!"

He then motioned for me to get onto the desk and spread my legs, which he then plunged his hot fuck tool inside me, grunting hard as he pumped in and out of my cunt, Trish not missing a beat as he fucked me harder and faster.

After fucking like this for a few minutes and cumming hard from his cock slamming in and out of me, I pushed him off, sending him to the floor, then mounted his cock, riding his pole as he groaned with ecstasy over the good fucking I was giving him, mixed with my own orgasms. Seeing all this wild sex, Trish had been fingering her own pussy as she watched us go at it.

It was then his turn to push me off, then flip me over, banging my cunt from behind. God, this guy not only had a big dick, he certainly knew how to fuck!

"Ohhhhhhhhh yes!" I cried as I began to cum yet again, "Fuck me…I want to feel all that dick inside me!"

He then thrusted deeper, fucking me even harder as my own climax emerged intensely, then flipped me over onto my back and shoving his throbbing prick back inside me, fucking wildly.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!! I'M GOING TO CUM!" he finally yelled in the midst of our final moments of wild sex.

"Fill me up," I panted. "I want to feel that hot cum inside me!"

"Oh baby..baby…I'm cumming now! Ohhhh….take all this cum…you fucking hot slut…!" he growled when he filled me with his seed as Trish called out her own orgasm from fingering herself and I came one final time.

He then collapsed on the floor after he'd pulled out of my cum-soaked cunt. "Jesus..you are one hot piece of ass!"

"Well thanks," I grinned, "but you have one more thing to do." 

I then began to suck his cock to hardness one more time as he groaned with pleasure at my blowjob. I was getting him ready to give Trish a fucking.

Once he was hard enough, I popped his cock out of my mouth. "Now you can fuck Trish over there as good as you did me."

I didn't have to tell him twice as Trish, still on the leather sofa, showed her ass and opened her legs as wide as possible as he slipped his cock into her from behind and pumped in and out of her willing hole.

"Oh God!" she gasped at me. "You're right, he really knows how to use this dick!" She then looked back at him. "Yes, baby, that's it! Give it all to me! FUCK ME!"

"Uggggggggggggggggggggg….mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm…." he grunted as he drilled Trish's cunt deeper.

"Ohhhhhhhhh yes…fuck me deeper….I'm going to cum!"

"Yeah baby, " he growled. "Cum for me…show me how much you love this cock fucking you."

Trish then cried out in orgasm as I approached my own from rubbing my clit so hard. This only made him fuck her even harder. When she completed her climax, she then made him pull out of her, then flipped over and spread her legs wide. "Fuck me more," she ordered. "Fuck my cunt, but I want you to cum in my ass!"

"Ohhhhhhh…shit, baby…" he said as he complied happily, fucking her for several more minutes as I rubbed my clit harder watching them. As he pounded her cunt, he then put his fingers of one hand under her and used her wetness to lube her ass, no doubt ready to cum soon himself.

"Mmmmmmm that is so hot…" she sighed as he both fucked her and fingered her ass. "Fuck me baby…fuck me real good!"

Several more minutes of him inside of Trish's hot snatch then sent him over the edge. He then pulled out of her cunt and plow inside her fingered, well-lubed ass.

"Oh, baby, I'm going to cum now! I'm going to fill that hot tight asshole of yours!" he called as he reached orgasm.

Once again, all three of us climaxed together before he pulled out of Trish's ass once he emptied his cock into it, collapsing one last time and very sexually satisfied.

"Mmmmmm...you ladies need to come back here again. Maybe we can celebrate getting your money the same way."

"We're going to get the loan?" I asked as Trish and I got up and got dressed.

"Well, I have to show my appreciation somehow for all that hot fucking and those blow jobs you both gave me. And that was the first time I ever came in a woman's ass! Consider that collateral," he winked.

He then got up and put his own clothes back on before giving us both papers to sign. "Your check will be ready in a few days."

Trish and I were never happier as we left the bank that day. "Guess next time we know what to do when people give us a hard time on getting loans," she winked. "All we have to do is get THEM hard!"

"And thensome," I grinned back. "I can't wait till we get our check. He had to be the hottest fuck I've had in a long time!"

"Mmmm hmmm," Trish grinned. "And that was for just applying for the loan. Imagine how good that cock will be when we get the money!"

"I can't believe you actually went under the desk and started sucking his cock in the first place!" I laughed.

"Well, I hadn't had any dick for awhile and I've been horny. When I get like that, any dick will do. Besides that and needing the loan, he was kind of hot."

"And he was also pretty horny, from what I could tell when you started sucking his cock," I giggled.

"That too," she winked. "Remember…when they give you a hard time…"

"Make them hard!" I squealed.

Sex as collateral? Who would've thought of it?