 Katrin and Holly showered together in silence under the rainfall shower head in a bathroom that was larger than Katrin's entire apartment while the guests of mansion lingerie party departed into the night. Still in shock from unexpected acts of public depravity, Katrin stood motionless and stared deeply into the complex amber glass tiling of the shower walls while Holly toweled her off.

They slipped back into their modest sundresses and made their way back to the main staircase where Claudia waited for them in a flowing black robe, enjoying the eerie silence of her vacated residence. Katrin sighed deeply and mustered the courage to face her dominating client and make her exit as quickly as possible.

"Katrin, I hope you don't mind cash. I'm old fashioned," Claudia explained as she handed over an envelope brimming with many neatly bound stacks of hundred dollar bills.

"Cash is fine," Katrin replied as she looked at the bundles of money in disbelief through her dreary, bloodshot eyes. She peaked over the balcony and saw to her relief that Marco and Justin were waiting patiently in some elegant chairs near the front entrance.

"I'm sorry that this didn't turn out to be a traditional workshop, but I hope that you don't feel it was all in vain and that you were compensated appropriately."

"Claudia," Katrin replied carefully, "I know I should be mad, but I'd be lying if I said that I didn't enjoy it."

"Girls," Claudia continued as she looked over in Holly's direction, "This was a pleasant evening, but hardly on a level that would truly satisfy me. Let me know if you want to visit again sometime and see the basement. We can play for real. You have my number."

"Thanks for the offer," Katrin replied as she shared a wide-eyed glance with Holly, "but I don't think we could handle it."

"You're right, you probably couldn't," Claudia agreed. "I don't know how tight the blowjob workshop industry is, but if you ever run into the owner of Studio Trésor tell her that her long lost sister Claudia sends her regards."

Katrin's eyes bulged out of her sockets. "What?! You're Felicia's sister?!"

"Yes. Don't you see the resemblance?"

"No, actually, I don't," Katrin replied sincerely. "You're both ruthlessly sadistic, though."

"We're sororal twins. Non-identical. Although, most people do notice the resemblance in the eyes. Chartreuse green is not a typical eye color, to say the least. When we were kids, we convinced our classmates that we were part alien."

"So you set us up, unbelievable!" Katrin exclaimed. Sickness rushed to her stomach as she thought about everything that had transpired since they arrived at Claudia's mansion. Justin and Marco stood up with concern as Katrin's raised voice reverberated through the room.

"Katrin, I assure you that Felicia and I haven't spoken in years. She cut me out of her life shortly after she married into that powerful family. She didn't want to be associated with my now ex-husband and his dirty dealings. Her new family is too politically sensitive. I've spent many sad years wondering how I could reconnect with her," Claudia explained with an unexpected and convincing vulnerability that took Katrin by surprise.

Katrin stood speechless for several moments and stared back at Claudia as she tried to process the explanation. "How could this happen? There are millions of people in this city and I just happen to run into you?"

"Katrin, don't be ridiculous. You know as well as anyone that when it comes to sexual adventuring, this is a very small city. Suburbs included."

"Well, regardless, your crazy twin is out to destroy me."

"That doesn't surprise me," Claudia replied knowingly. "She doesn't like competition. No one could possibly understand this more than her twin sister. Despite our issues, I do very much admire her business from afar. That's what gave me the idea to look up a competing outfit to entertain my guests this evening. Lord knows I wouldn't ask my estranged sister to come here and ruin my fun. Why not bolster her competition and overcompensate them for their workshop instead?"

"I appreciate the compensation, but we didn't do anything that remotely resembled my workshop, Claudia," Katrin corrected with irritation.

"Oh, I realize that. When I saw you and your adorable entourage at the door this evening I just couldn't help myself. You were fresh meat and I apologize for taking advantage. If it's any consolation, I do hope you'll walk out that door a much stronger woman. You could have left any time you wanted but, to my relief you opted to be willing putty in my hands."

"Thanks for reminding me," Katrin frowned in embarrassment, "and thanks for the weirdest night of my life."

"Good night, girls. I wish BJ Bliss the best of luck. Safe travels." Claudia made her way across the balcony and disappeared into the dark lonely hallway.

"Katrin, I didn't drink a drop tonight," Justin assured her as she and Holly descended down the stairs. "I can drive us home."

"Thank you, Justin," Katrin replied with a warm smile and a hug. "I just met all of you and now, I don't know what I would do without you guys," she blurted with sudden emotion with tears swelling in her eyes. She made her way over to Marco for a hug, clinging on to him and resting her head on his shoulder. She never imagined that the first official night of workshops would have left her so exposed and vulnerable in front of her employees.

"Katrin, you're exhausted. Marco will help you to the car." He swiftly picked her up and carried her towards the front entrance while Justin rushed to hold the door open.

"Marco," Katrin laughed, "I can walk." She held on tightly and decided there was no harm in taking him up on the offer. Marco descended the outside stairway and approached the car as Katrin went comfortably limp in his arms and enjoyed the ride.

"Don't forget your tips!" Holly reminded Justin as she rushed over to grab the envelope that he had forgotten on the chair.

"Thanks, kid," Justin said with a wink. "Are you okay? I'm sorry things got so crazy tonight."

"I'm great," Holly reassured him. "This was the best night of my life."

