 "Be nice to that young man, now," Felicia instructed just as Mika was slipping out of the studio and into the hallway. "We want to lure him in. Don't come on too strong."

"Of course," Mika assured Felicia, pulling the studio doors shut behind her and proceeding down the hallway.

"I'm sorry, I didn't realize you were still waiting, Mr.—can you remind me what your name is again?" Mika asked the handsome young lingerie salesman. He was waiting patiently in a leather chair in the second floor hallway. His eyes instinctively fixated on Mika's short skirt and knee-high socks and he quickly corrected himself.

"Dean with Chambre Lingerie," he replied, eagerly hopping up with an extended hand. Mika offered a dainty handshake and looked over his navy blue designer suit and shiny burgundy leather shoes. He was impeccably groomed and clean shaven with a healthy tan, light brown hair, and kind brown eyes. Despite is very professional demeanor Dean was quite green: a young go-getter in his early twenties new to the city and his line of work.

"When did you take over this sales route, Dean? You aren't the type that I'm used to seeing."

"I started a few weeks ago," Dean confirmed with slight embarrassment. "I am well-versed in the products, Miss—"

"Call me Mika."

"Have you worked here long, Mika?"

"Oh, just a year or so. I only work in the retail store part-time, when I'm not running the blowjob classes," Mika disclosed with emphasis. Dean gulped.

"I see. And the other young woman downstairs is—"

"My sister, Miho. She helps me with the blowjobs. I mean blowjob classes," Mika said with a giggle at her "mistake." Dean felt a quiver in his pants and clenched his briefcase in an attempt to keep his composure.

"You don't strike me as a city boy, Dean."

"Guilty as charged," Dean replied with a blush, "I'm from rural Iowa. How about you?"

"Um, I'm from California," Mika responded in her best valley girl accent. "What did you think I was going to say, Japan?"

"Ah," Dean darted his eyes nervously.

"My parents are from Japan. I'm an American," Mika confirmed with a scowl, poking him in the chest with a manicured finger.

"Of course," Dean replied, nodding understandingly.

Mika decided to cut to the chase. "Listen, Dean. Our customers are very picky. They expect the absolute highest quality. Why don't you follow me into the studio and show me what you have for sale?"

"Okay," he said with hesitation. "But Felicia wanted me wait here while she tried on some samples."

"Don't worry, she told me to invite you in. She also mentioned that the bra and garter clasps are flimsy. You're in trouble, buddy. You have some explaining to do."

Dean stood petrified before Mika. "Come on, she's waiting," Miki said impatiently. She reached for his necktie and pulled him through the doors and into the stunning Studio which was furnished with priceless antiques, standing mirrors, and glowed with soft pink tones.

Felicia's curvaceous silhouette could be seen behind the paneled dressing room screen that was carefully placed near the window for perfect backlighting. She seductively slipped a thong over one heel at a time and bent over as she pulled it up her thighs and snugly over her hips.

Felecia emerged from behind the screen in all of her busty glory in a lacy set of white lingerie complete with thigh high stockings and garter belt. He enormous breasts struggled to be contained by the bra and pushed up against her chest in a startling show of cleavage.

"These bra clasps don't seem very dependable, I have to say that I'm disappointed," Felicia said as she approached with the ominous clicking of her heels. She surveyed the handsome young salesman with an intimidating gaze, making him nervous and excited. "I want you to give Mika an overview of the clasps," Felicia demanded as she arched her back in their direction and rested her hands on her hips.

"Well, Mika," Dean began in a most professional manner, "what we have here is the demi-cup bra with French lace. It doesn't have the normal two clasps that you're used to, but rather an innovative single clasp system that was designed for easy removal. It is guaranteed to stay secure during daily wear."

Mika reached up to quickly unclasp and re-clasp the bra strap. "Not bad. It seems pretty stable after all." Felicia turned around and reached back to unclasp the bra herself.

"You weren't joking about easy removal," Felicia said as she allowed the bra straps to loosen around her shoulder and her bulbous breasts to start peaking out of the falling cups of the bra. "I think I've battle tested this bra adequately enough." She pulled it down to expose the pink of her nipples. Dean looked on in shock at her magnificently huge mounds and flinched as Felicia tossed the bra on to his shoulder, where it dangled.

"Do you have a 32B?" Mika asked Dean with a glare, breaking his concentration. She unbuttoned her blouse to reveal a blue lace bra nestled around her petite, fair-skinned frame. The bra was a perfect match for the bold blue streak that ran down her cute banged hairdo.

"Let me see," he replied nervously as he began to dig through his nylon garment bag that Felicia had been helping herself to.

"I want stockings too," Mika added impatiently.

"I'm sorry," Dean reported, "I have the stockings, but not the bra."

"That's okay," Mika replied with a wink in Felicia's direction. Mika suddenly unzipped and slipped off her skirt, letting it fall to her feet. Dean looked over her matching blue panties for a brief moment, before she pulled them down her thighs and dropped them to the floor on top of her skirt. She stood before him bottomless, showing off the smooth, hairless slit between her legs.

"H...here you are," Dean said as he handed over the black thigh-high stockings and looked away politely.

"Oh, Dean," Mika teased. "It's okay. You can look at my pussy. You're awfully shy for a guy in this business." She removed her knee-high socks and pulled up the silky black stockings, which circled around her upper thighs with lacy rings of fabric. "Do they look okay from the back?" Mika asked as she turned and bent over just enough to show him that she was a fan of the full Brazilian wax.

Felicia encouraged Mika by stroking her shoulders and sharing a devious smile with her. Dean couldn't take his eyes off of them.

"Let's talk business," Felicia suddenly demanded, startling him. He looked down, embarrassed to see that his throbbing hard-on was stretching out from his pants.

"Okay," he said with a gulp. Felicia and Mika circled him like the easy prey that he was, in their half-removed undergarments and ran their hands over the fabric of his suit jacket. Felicia stopped her circling and planted herself directly in front of him with her large exposed breasts hovering close to his chest as Mika snuck behind him and helped him out of his jacket.

"As you may know, Studio Trésor has not been a very regular customer of Chambre Lingerie," Felicia explained as she pulled his tie loose and slipped it over his neck. "You have some interesting new products that are making me think twice. If you could discount today's order at fifty percent, we would be very grateful. In fact, we'd encourage you to visit once a month moving forward."

Dean struggled to process the proposal as he gazed into Felicia's ravenous cougar eyes and felt Mika's fingers working their way around his waist to unbuckle his belt. His heart pounded relentlessly and he took a deep breath to regain his composure.

"My manager wouldn't let me get away with fifty percent. Maybe twenty at most," he countered in an attempt to gather his resolve. Mika quickly retracted her fingers from his belt and Felicia stood back and covered her breasts.

"Fine. Go," Felicia instructed as she nodded her head towards the studio doors, sending Dean into a frustrated panic.

"Okay, fifty!"

"Good boy," Felicia said with satisfaction as she uncovered her breasts and reached up to stroke his cheeks. "Why don't you help yourself to a reward?" She held his head firmly in her hands and nestled it against her bulging breasts. He proceeded to kiss and suck on her nipples while she closed her eyes and smiled with delight.

Mika removed Dean's belt and pulled down his pants and boxers. She kneeled behind him and stroked her hands teasingly across his ass and up his inner thighs while he thoroughly enjoyed the feel and taste of Felicia's breasts in front of him. His raging erection poked up at Felicia's stomach and begged for attention.

Felicia turned around and pressed her ass into him, sliding his cock between the soft skin of her cheeks and up the silky fabric of her thong.

"Have you ever been with two women before?" Felicia asked over her shoulder as she playfully swiveled her ass against him.

"No, I haven't," he replied earnestly as he held her breasts and desperately pressed himself against her.

"Well, watch out for Mika," Felicia warned, "she can make you cum in seconds, or draw it out for hours if she chooses. I hope that your heart is in good condition."

Dean suddenly felt Mika's little fingertips sneaking their way up his thighs and lightly fondling his balls. She played with his sack until it tightened up nicely in the palm of her hand and then licked a finger before sliding it down the crack of his ass. His eyes bulged with surprise as he felt her soft wet lips begin to kiss his balls while her slippery finger cascaded daringly towards his hole.

Felicia moaned with satisfaction as Dean's hard cock continued to slide in between her cheeks and streak the fabric of her thong with pre-cum. She suddenly turned around and stripped off his dress shirt violently, sending a few of the buttons scattering across the hardwood floor of the studio. After tossing his shirt to the floor she moved her hands across his muscular, smooth chest and down to his abs.

Dean looked down in disbelief at the size of his hard-on as it poked out at Felicia. Mika skillfully slurped on his balls and continued to probe his asshole while Felicia dropped to her knees in front of him. His engorged member was hovering only inches from her face.

"We can make you cum without even touching your cock, Dean," Felicia said teasingly. "But what would be the fun in that?" She lurched forward to share his balls with Mika and grasped his thick shaft in the palm of her hand. Felicia and Mika took one ball each into their mouths and sucked on him gently as Mika's wet little finger worked its way inside of him and pressed firmly against his prostate.

Dean struggled to keep his hands at his sides while the women below toyed with his balls and ass. Felicia pumped his cock in her hand only a few times before he suddenly felt strong contractions swelling through his groin.

"Here he comes," Felicia laughed before eagerly positioning her open mouth in front of him and circling her tongue around her ruby red lips expectantly. He surged with pleasure and looked on as staccato spurts of semen escaped his swollen head and landed into Felicia's waiting mouth. She maintained eye contact with him as his thick white load piled up on her tongue and dripped down her chin.

Mika quickly nestled herself on to Felicia's lap, opening her mouth and sticking out her tongue. Felicia tilted her head and allowed the cum to slowly drip out past her lush lips and down to Mika, who received it enthusiastically and quickly sat up with a full mouth. She gargled and blew a bubble playfully before gulping it down and opening her mouth to proudly to display that it was empty.

"Well done," Felicia congratulated as she stroked Mika's hair affectionately. "Mika likes to swallow the first load."

"The first?" Dean gulped.

"That's right," Felicia confirmed as she stood up and grabbed him by the arm. "Come with me, we haven't even started."

Dean was surprised by the strength of Felicia's grasp as she pulled him over to the long leather couch in the center of the room. She shoved him down on to his back and straddled his face, pinning his arms down with her legs, and pulled aside her thong to give him a nice view of her wet cunt and the thin dark landing strip above it.

"I'll bet you enjoyed filling my mouth with your hot load," Felicia taunted Dean, who looked up helplessly. "Tasting your cum made me nice and wet. I want you to clean me up," she demanded. She pushed the smoothly shaven lips of her labia against his face and rubbed slowly up and down. He extended his tongue for her and enjoyed her taste.

"That's good. Lick that pussy, fucker," Felicia demanded, causing Mika to let out a laugh as she stood next to the couch and watched. Mika unclasped her bra and tossed it aside so that she could caress her firm breasts and small pointy nipples.

"Mika, you deserve some, too," Felicia offered. "Get in here. Let's cover his face in pussy."

Mika cheerfully approached the end of the couch and hopped up in front of Felicia to straddle Dean's face. Felicia took Mika into her arms and played with her nipples while Mika forced her tight little crack on Dean below. He steadied himself by holding on to Felicia's hips and vigorously ran his tongue over both of them the best that he could.

"Good boy," Felicia said with pleasure, "Lick those wet fucking cunts." She looked over his shoulder and saw that he was growing hard again. "What have we here?"

Felicia turned around, ass-to-ass with Mika, and bent over to fill her throat with Dean's rejuvenated erection. She gripped him by the balls and swallowed his entire shaft effortlessly. Dean felt himself growing harder inside of her throat and his balls tightened up in her hands as she teased his sack.

"Put your fingers in me," Mika demanded as she hovered her crotch over Dean's extended tongue. He slowly eased his pointer and middle fingers into Mika's tight pussy and licked her clit while she moaned with approval.

After bringing him to satisfying stiffness, Felicia mounted him in reverse cowgirl position. He let out a muffled groan of pleasure from under Mika's pussy as Felicia's throbbing pussy lips slid down his cock and her ass bounced against his stomach.

"Lick my asshole," Mika demanded as she spun around in the same direction as Felicia and sat back on to Dean's face. Dean eagerly worked his tongue across Mika's labia and up to her ass. He put his fingers inside her and rubbed her g-spot while he circled his tongue around her tight hole.

Felicia rode hard and clenched Dean's cock with her pelvis as she convulsed with pleasure and soaked him in her juices. She quickly hopped off and allowed Mika to climb aboard next.

Felicia watched from the side of the couch as Mika mounted Dean's wet hard cock in reverse cowgirl and sheathed him between her tight folds. She hopped up and down and moaned loudly as she rubbed her clit. She enjoyed several minutes on top before bending over in front of him invitingly on her hands and knees. Dean eagerly mounted Mika from behind to fuck her doggy style.

As he thrust into Mika and held her hips supportively, Felicia approached Dean from behind and reached under his ass to tease his balls. She pressed her large breasts up against his back and he felt her hot breath on his ear.

"Are you enjoying yourself, Dean?" Felicia whispered, still quivering from a satisfying orgasm.

"Yes," he blurted as he enjoyed Felicia's stimulating fingers on his sack. Felicia suddenly gripped his balls tightly making him look over at her in fear.

"Good. I'm changing the deal. Today's order is 100% off."

"What?!" Dean panicked. He couldn't bring himself to pull his throbbing cock out of Mika, who was trembling with pleasure. Felicia's grip on his balls aroused and terrified him.

"You heard me," Felicia said in his ear. "I don't care who has to make up the difference, but it won't be us."

"Felicia, I can't, this is my second week!" he begged. Mika continued to heave her hips onto his still cock and rub her clit until she trembled in climax and moaned loudly.

"Don't you want to unload in Mika's tight little pussy and watch me suck your load out of her?" Felicia whispered in his ear. She eased her grip on his balls.

"Yes," he begged.

"Our order is free today, do you hear me? It's free, or we are going to send you packing right now. You'll be out on the street with a fucking circus tent in your pants."

Before Dean could reply the doors to the studio suddenly flew open and a young woman quickly approached.

"I closed up the store for a few minutes to come check out the commotion," Miho explained. "Is that okay, Felicia?"

"Of course," Felicia responded. Dean's eyes were bulging in disbelief as he was approached by the identical twin of the girl he was currently fucking. "I'm afraid there won't be much to see, unless of course, the order is free," Felicia explained as she turned back to Dean.

"Yes, it's free!" Dean confirmed.

"Good boy," Felicia replied. Mika listened to the cruel exchange with excitement and eagerly waited for Dean to fill her up. "Miho, I promised Dean that he could shoot his load in your sister's tight little pussy. Did you want to assist?"

"Of course!" Miho said as she covered her mouth with a cute giggle. She eagerly took to her knees and surveyed the situation. She began by massaging his sack with her fingers and he resumed thrusting into Mika while she moaned and held on to the couch tightly. Miho surrounded his balls with her soft wet lips and slurped loudly.

Dean was overwhelmed with sensation as he buried himself into one twin and felt the swirling tongue of the other mercilessly stimulating his balls. As much as he wanted to hold out, his body begged for release.

"Go ahead and cum, we've tortured you enough," Felicia encouraged with her hands on his shoulders and breasts pressed firmly against his back. Dean gave way to the surge in his groin and groaned loudly. Felicia watched on with satisfaction as emptied every last drop of cum into Mika's gaping hole, while a fully-clothed Miho played with his scrotum.

"Thank you so much," Felicia said to Miho as she escorted her back to her feet. Felicia yanked Dean aside and shoved him on to the couch, eager to show him that she would in fact fulfill her end of the bargain. She angled Mika in front of him and eagerly lapped up the cum as it leaked out of her pussy.

Felicia stood up to share a kiss with Mika and they playfully passed the fresh warm load between their mouths while he watched in awe. They stood over poor, exhausted Dean wearing only their thigh-high stockings and smiled down at him with cum-covered lips while Miho gathered his clothes and graciously dropped them next to him on the couch.

"Okay, Dean, the show is over," Felicia proclaimed as she wrapped her arm affectionately over the twins' waists. "We'll see you next month."

Dean scrambled to get dressed and gathered his things. Miho guided him down the stairs and out the front door. She waved goodbye with a smile as she locked the door behind him. He stood in a daze in the middle of the busy sidewalk with his garment bag and briefcase while annoyed pedestrians weaved around him on their way to lunch.

"Felicia, I forgot to mention, before I pulled Dean into the studio, that Claudia woman called the store again today asking for you," Mika said as she peeled off her stockings. "I told her you were out, just like you asked, but she told me to tell you that she,"—Mika raised her fingers for air quotes—"Has intimate knowledge of your competitors." Felicia's expression turned solemn and she turned to look out of the studio windows.

"Who is she?" Mika asked.

"She's my sister."

Mika widened her eyes in surprise. "You have a sister?"

"Yes. I have a twin, just like you. I haven't spoken to her in years, but it looks like the time has finally come. I'll set a meeting and see what she has to say about BJ Bliss." Felicia unclasped the straps from her stockings and tossed the expensive garter belt to the floor.
