 The detective was whistling nonchalantly as he walked down the station hallway. His black hair was greased back and his two-day stubble decorated with a few crumbs from an Italian sub. He made sure the coast was clear and entered a room, locking the door behind him. "How's she holding up?" he asked the deputy on guard.

"She's been sweating it out in there for an hour, as you requested. I think she's about ready to pop," the deputy replied with a smirk.

"Quit fucking around, this is serious," the detective shot back. "We have orders from up top to make this problem go away."

"Oh yeah?" the deputy responded. "What did the boss say?"

The detective looked through the two-way mirror at his suspect. Her face was white with fear as she looked down at the table in front of her, nervously fidgeting her fingers.

"Poor girl has no idea who she's dealing with. She's not playing nice. The boss says to do whatever it takes." The men nodded at each other with resolve and entered the room together, towering over her as they approached the table.

She looked up helplessly as they closed in on her and calmly made her request. "I'd like to make my phone call now."

The detective motioned to the deputy, who walked over to stop the audio recording. "I'm afraid I can't allow that. That's a right that we reserve for upstanding citizens. You're nothing but a whore and an uncooperative one, so I'm hearing, Miss Daria Nicolescu."

Felicia Trésor tried, unsuccessfully, not to flinch when she heard her real name spoken aloud.

"Did you think we wouldn't find out your real identity? We know where you're from, we know what you've been up to. We even know about that sister of yours. And you know quite a few secrets yourself don't you? I'll bet you've got a file on every big shot in town, just waiting for a chance to extort them. Well, that's not going to happen on my watch. I hate to break your heart, little lady, but this department doesn't really work for the taxpayers. This is your last chance, Felicia or Daria or whatever you're calling yourself. You're going to show us the books on your little operation or you're going to find out all about our special interrogation techniques. And when we're done with you, we're going to bring in your sister next and see how well she holds up. We'll even let you watch."

"Felicia!" the voice called out to her. "Felica!"

Felicia yelped and sat up in her chaise, shocked that she had managed to fall asleep in the middle of the day. Her heart was racing and sweat was dripping from her brow as she sat topless in the blazing afternoon heat beside her rooftop pool.

"I'm sorry to wake you, he said it was urgent," Dean explained as he handed over her phone. He tried to avert his gaze respectfully, but Felicia's magnificent, glistening breasts caught his eye as she lay before him sweaty and slick with tanning oil.

"Fine, get out of here. And it's Ms. Trésor to you," she scolded. Her new employee nodded understandingly and stepped back into the house. She could care less about baring her breasts in front of her male assistant; in fact, mercilessly teasing him was part of her daily routine. However, her emotional state as she awoke from haunting memories left her feeling quite vulnerable and she would be damned if any man would ever see her vulnerable again.

"What?" Felicia asked over the phone. The voice spoke in a hushed tone, informing her of the latest development that she had specifically asked him to keep an eye out for.

"You gave me a name—Katrin Olsson. Remember? The BJ Bliss girl? Well, a warrant was signed this afternoon. Vice is going to pick her up today."

"You're kidding?!" Felicia replied in shock.

"Listen, you didn't hear this from me. I'm new to the department, they could have my ass for this," her informant reminded her nervously.

"Of course I didn't hear it from you," Felicia assured him. "I told you how much I appreciate favors and, even more, how much I like to reward them," she added, now in full seduction mode. The wheels in her head were already spinning about said reward: her and her favorite female employees on their knees in their best lingerie eagerly catching spurt after spurt of sticky semen and sharing it with each other in front of a delirious young man who never imagined he could ever experience such pleasure.

"I'll be in touch," Felicia said suggestively as she hung up the phone and turned to the business at hand. She tapped the first emergency contact on her phone.

"Hi Felicia," Crina answered at first ring.

"Crina, I need your help with a police situation. That unlikely scenario that we discussed last week—well, it turns out that we were wrong. How fast can you make it to the west side station?"

