 "Katrin, as you are probably well aware, this program tends to feature segments about true crime, ripped from the headlines. Now, there are some people who would say that the activities of BJ Bliss do in fact constitute a crime. How do you respond to that?" Bryan asked her from the interview chair, shuffling his notes in his lap.

"Some people?" Katrin asked with a raised eyebrow. "What people? That is such a classic media ploy to sneak in an opinion without owning up to it. The truth is that fellatio is perfectly legal in the State of Illinois, where we operate. I can't say as much for some other States..."

"But to have customers paying a proprietor, such as yourself, in order to perform sexual acts on another person, whom you are providing for them, is most certainly illegal," Bryan countered, carefully hiding his irritation with Katrin for calling out the "some people" trick.

"My clients pay me for my expertise, for sex education and instruction. Yes, it is an entertaining topic and that is why it is so popular for parties. I am escorted to these parties by my male employees and I'm paying them to assist me. If anything sexual happens to them it is because of the spontaneous actions of consenting adults, not because there is money on the table."

"I have to ask," Bryan began, changing the subject, "how do your parents feel about your chosen career?"

"They're fine with it," Katrin replied defensively. She pondered further and then looked off in the distance with a reminiscent smile. "In fact, my mother taught me everything I know."

"And cut," the director announced. "Perfect, Katrin, just perfect. I loved that bit about the mother. We've got what we need, Bryan."

Bryan quickly hopped up from his chair and walked past Katrin, snubbing her as she extended her arm for a handshake.

Testy, Katrin mused. She pulled out her phone and called Malena first thing after stepping off the set.

"How did it go?!" Malena begged to know.

"The interview was going good, but I really pissed him off toward the end. I'm sure they'll cut that part out when they air it."

"Damn it, Katrin, we need Dateline on our side!"

"I know, but he was being a dick," Katrin defended.

"At least the other interviews were good. Katy Curie loved you. I always knew she was a naughty MILF slut," Malena said, causing Katrin to giggle uncontrollably. "How do you like New York?"

"It's okay. The pizza is better." Katrin smiled to herself as she waited for the reaction.

"Oh no you didn't!" Malena blurted with hometown pride.

"That's right, I said it," Katrin teased. "Seriously though, I am really glad we followed through on this. Imagine all of the business we're going to get!"

"We, as in—you, me, and Felicia?"

"Hell no," Katrin shot back. "I'm going to suck her under the table on Saturday and we're going to walk away with that money."

Katrin felt her anxiety creeping back to her about the upcoming blowjob competition. The competition had become so much more to her than a business arrangement or a way to win some money; it was now just pure unbridled anticipation and excitement. The thought of kneeling in the same room with her rival and sucking on cock after cock together was driving her wild, even if every semblance of logic and reason had to be thrown out the window. She was however, a bit concerned about how this might play out with her relationship.

Peter startled her with a hand on the shoulder. "Excuse me, Miss, did I hear you say that you were going to suck someone under the table?"

"Bye, Malena." Katrin ended her call and turned to Peter, who was happy to tag along as her travel companion and legal advisor for the New York media tour. "If you don't watch it, I'm going to suck you under the table," Katrin threatened. "Let's go back to the hotel room, we've got some time before we meet with that literary agent."

