 Tisha was always on time. She was good with the kids. She didn't bitch about the mess that I left sometimes and she even did a bit of straightening and cleaning to help me out. I called her over about twice a week to babysit and everything had been fine until the night that she decided to show her true colors. It was a daytime barbeque at the country club that had taken my husband, Romello and I out of the house that day. We had partied by the pool with all of our rich friends and the sun had worn me out. I was ready to go home and just relax.

"What's that noise?" I asked as we got closer to the house. It sounded like someone was moaning.

"I don't know but I'm going to find out." He walked closer to the garage where the noise was coming from. He looked in through the small window on the back door of the garage. He gasped.

"What is it?"

"It's our babysitter. She's fucking herself with something."

"Wait! I want to see!" I pressed myself up against the door and looked in the window. Sure enough, there was Tisha and it looked like she was fucking herself with my brush.

"That's my hairbrush!" I cried but I was a bit too loud. Tisha looked up at the door and then quickly pulled the brush from her pussy and rushed inside.

"Wow, that was abrupt."

"Let's go find her. I'm going to give her a piece of my mind about my brush!"

"Don't yell!" Romello reminded me. We had been trying out best to raise our children without yelling but Tisha wasn't one of my kids and I was going to yell at her because I wanted to! I keyed into the front door.

"Where are the children," I demanded as soon as I walked through the door.

"They are both down for their nap," she smiled sweetly.

"Was that my brush you had inside of you?" I glared at her.

"Yes, it was. I can explain."

"I'm listening." Tisha looked up at me pitifully, trying to gain sympathy. I wasn't feeling sympathetic. She looked at Romello and I could see that she had an effect on him. He softened. 

"I was just going through your things and I found out that you guys are swingers! I saw on your computer that you guys meet all kinds of strange couples and single girls for sex! You all are freaks!"

"Why were you going through our stuff?"

"You two really should password protect your computers. It was too easy for me to get in. But you two are crazy. I saw all your pictures from that swinger's retreat thing you guys went to. Now I know where you really were when you had me stay here for the weekend with the kids." She folded her arms over her chest. She had us and she knew it. "It would be a shame if everyone found out what perverts you are."

"Wait. You're not going to tell people? Are you?" I was starting to get freaked out. This little bitch really had something on us and I didn't know if I could get the situation back under control.

"Tisha, what are you hoping to gain from this conversation?" Romello was calm and I wanted to fucking punch him in the face. He was unflappable! Why couldn't he be pissed off for once?

"Well, if you guys have a threesome with me right now I can look the other way. I won't tell anyone about your swinger activities."

"Oh, I think we can help with that," Romello told her, putting his hand on her shoulder.

"No, we can't!" I screamed. "I refuse to be blackmailed by a nineteen-year-old babysitter!"

"I can just upload all the pictures and videos of you I copied to all of your Facebook friends for you," Tisha giggled. 

"You wouldn't."

"Try me." Tisha stared me down and I felt the fear in my veins. She had me where she wanted me and she had Romello too.

"Come on. Let's go to the bedroom," he suggested.

"See, Romello knows what's up but I think he's been dying to fuck my tight, young pussy. Does that make you jealous, Maureen?"

"Jealous, no. Angry, yes."

"It's okay. I'll give him back when I'm done." She giggled and turned to walk down the hall and to our bedroom. I was shaking with anger as the little bitch undressed and threw her clothes on my floor. She sauntered over to the bed like she thought that she was a supermodel.

"Fuck this cunt," I said under my breath. Romello was already getting naked and his cock was hard. They had been wanting to fuck one another, that was obvious. If I was being honest I had wanted to fuck Tisha too, just not under these circumstances. I had pictured it differently. I was going to need to buy a new hairbrush.

"I want Maureen to eat my pussy first!" Tisha had a shitfaced grin plastered across her young face.

"Fine," I said and I put my hair back into a ponytail and spread her legs open. I looked at her pussy. I had to admit it was even cuter than I had anticipated. In truth, I had thought about fucking the babysitter a million times. Romello and I had even talked about it during sex. We had planned to make our move on her and neither of us could have predicted this turn of events. No one had ever tried to blackmail us before but we were a team. We knew exactly how to handle situations like this. 

I buried my face in Tisha's pussy while Romello went to turn on the hidden camera system we had set up in our bedroom for our swinger activities. I expertly licked her pussy until her whole body was jumping around on the bed and she was begging for mercy. I wasn't about to stop. This little bitch needed to learn that she couldn't just go around blackmailing people. She needed to learn her lesson.

"It's Romello's turn now!" she screamed at me. She was pushing me away. "Maureen, suck his cock while he eats me out! I shrugged. I guess my time eating her pussy was up and it was time for Romello to try it. I popped his cock in my mouth the way Tisha had asked and I let her think that she was in control. I let her think that we were doing this because she wanted us to. Little did she know that she was the one that was about to get blackmailed. It served the little bitch right.

"I think Maureen is actually better at this, Romello. You should take some notes from her."

"Really? Well, maybe it's time for me to fuck you."

"I say when it's time!" She smiled wickedly at the both of us and I could see her perceived sense of power was going to her head! "Okay, fuck me now or I'm sending your sex videos to all of your family members." I thought about what she had seen on our computers. There were tons of sex tapes on there of us fucking tons of other couples and single girls. I certainly didn't want those things leaked out into the world but I also didn't want this little bitch thinking she had anything on me, either.

Romello pulled his cock from my mouth and moved between her legs. I had seen him fuck a lot of other women so it wasn't upsetting for me. In fact, I hoped he fucked this stupid bitch so hard that she was split open inside. I hoped he rode her so hard that she had to beg him to stop. I climbed up to the head of the bed and attempted to straddle Tisha's face.

"I didn't say you could do this!" she screamed.

"Well, maybe it's not for you to say! Maybe it's time for me to be the one in charge of you."

"No!"

"Yes!" Romello's cock sunk into her and she was temporarily disabled. I took that moment to climb onto her face and ride her mouth with my pussy. "Lick my pussy, bitch! Lick it!"

Tisha was making some guttural noises and growls as Romello's thick cock spread her pussy open in ways it wasn't accustomed to. She was screaming loudly and I worried that she would wake the kids. We had soundproofed our room pretty well but she was definitely louder than most of the sluts we had fucked. Romello didn't seem to care. I saw now that he was angry with her for blackmailing us and he was taking out his anger on her pussy. I was smothering her with mine and I knew she couldn't breathe. I was getting off on it.

She tried to push me off but she was no match for me. I was heavier and stronger. She was a weak, little pushover and I think that's why I was enjoying riding her face so hard. I loved the noises she made as she gasped for air and tried to beg for mercy. I was certain that she was wishing she had never tried to blackmail us now. It hadn't been necessary. She could have gone about this a better way but now Romello and I had an excuse to treat her like shit and we were both taking it.

"Take it, you little slut!" Romello screamed at her.

She was screaming back but my pussy had her mouth completely incapacitated. I was enjoying watching her try to speak, to try and bark more blackmail orders at us. Instead, she was being smothered by my pussy and the look in her eyes told me that she was truly scared. I basked in her fear.

"Is this what you wanted, you little slut?" I asked her, but it was a rhetorical question. She couldn't say a fucking word. I laughed at her.

"Where should I nut?" Romello asked me.

"In her cunt. Maybe she'll get pregnant and need a babysitter of her own." I stared down at her cruelly. "You know, Tisha, we've been wanting to fuck you for a long time and I've got to say, this is way better than I ever dreamed." I rode her face, grinding my pussy on her mouth until I came hard. I could hear the sounds of Romello cumming inside of her. I knew it was my turn to have what I wanted.

"Babe, I just came inside of her."

"Awesome." I got up off of her face and we both laughed when she took a deep, desperate breath. "Poor thing," I said sarcastically as I took my place between her legs. One of the best things I had found in life was eating creampies that Romello had made in other women.

"That is so gross," Amber shuddered.

"Well, if you really watched our videos you would see this is our signature move. You're not the first babysitter we've tricked into fucking us. Do you really think we would just leave our porn out for you to see? We wanted you to see it. We wanted to fuck you. Now squeeze his cum out of your pussy for me and if you're a good girl we might keep fucking you. Look around, slut. There are cameras everywhere in here. Maybe we can send the video of this sex session, complete with sound, to your parents. I'm sure they'd be interested to learn that you blackmail your babysitting clients to get sexual favors. I also have some footage with you and my brush. I can post that on your Twitter. I know you have one. I've been stalking you online for some time now."

"Fuck you!" she screamed.

"Now don't be a poor sport. Squeeze the cum out."

"I'd do it," Romello suggested to Tisha. "She's brutal if you don't listen to her."

Tisha looked reluctant but I saw that she was following directions. A bit of cum pushed out of her pussy and I licked it up.

"Why do the biggest bitches always have the best tasting pussies?" I asked Romello.

"I don't know but I'm a big fan. You know that." He smiled at me encouragingly, insinuating that I was a bitch. Tisha pushed more cum out for me.

"I do know that. Good girl, Tisha. Keep pushing it out. I want to taste you and Romello together at the same time. That's a good girl. See, Tisha. It's not so bad."