 Everyone involved is over the age of 18. This is really just a one off story that came to me one night. Nothing special. Like it or not, doesn't matter to me. I just enjoy writing what comes to mind no matter how insufficient it may turn out. Hope those who follow me enjoy this story. 

*****

While most soon-to-be high school graduates go to Florida and Cancun for spring break, best friends Bethany Sells and Marcia Levine decided to have their spring break vacation up in the beautiful snowy mountains of Colorado. It was going to be a weeklong getaway for the girls of the suburbs of Kansas until the last weekend of their trip when a bunch of their friends would join them for a huge blowout party.

"I haven't been here since I was a kid," stated Bethany, as she sat her backpack down and wandered around her family cabin.

It was safe to say that Bethany's family was wealthy. Her father was a cardiovascular surgeon, and her mother owned a series of luxurious hotels in Nebraska. She is the youngest of two with her older brother following in their father's footsteps in the medical field. Bethany hasn't decided what she wants to do as a profession once she gets to college in the fall but the auburn-haired, crystal blue eyed 18-year-old was quite athletic. She's in her last year as a head cheerleader for her high school football team and a marathon runner for the high school track team. Her 5'6 tanned body was toned and lean with sizeable B cup breasts that were perky and sat naturally on her chest and a medium-sized firm ass.

"Bethany, your family cabin is so beautiful. I know the others are going to be thrilled to see this place. Just enough room for the right size party," Marcia said in awe.

Outside of sharing the same age, Marcia was the opposite of Bethany. She was an Israeli and born with a condition called Fetal Alcohol Syndrome that left her dark brown eyes smaller than average, a flat nose, and a barely visible upper lip. Her parents died just shy of her 10th birthday, and her disabled Aunt and Uncle adopted her. Three years ago Marcia came out as being gay, and that sparked the friendship between her and Bethany as her older brother was gay. Marcia wasn't athletic given her two humongous problems; her massively plump breasts. Puberty hit Marcia like a speeding semi-truck at the age of 12. She was wearing a double D-sized brassiere by 14, an E cup by 16, an F size at 17 and by the time she turned 18 a couple of months ago, her mammoth chest had swollen into a whopping 36GG. Her stupidly head sized tits sloped and hung off her 5'9 frame inharmoniously with a narrow waist, generous hips, chubby but shapely legs and full yet small ass.

"So, what's first?" Bethany asked.

"Hot tub!" both girls shouted in unison.

Marcia changed into a polka dot bathing suit with massive amounts of plump tit flesh bulging from the tops and armpit holes of her bathing suit. Bethany opted not to wear anything and got into the hot tub naked. Her beautiful golden tanned body and perfect rounded tits and bald pussy were on display to her best friend. Marcia never found Bethany attractive sexually as the two were as close as sisters. 

"Thought you would live a little on this trip, Marcia. Come on, live a little! Release those massive hounds!" said an energized Bethany, as she stood up in the hot tub and did a little jiggle flashing all her naked glory. She then proceeded to splash water on Marcia. "Dean would never let me have this much fun." Dean was Bethany's jealous boyfriend who opted to go to the snowy mountains for some sun down in Cancun with his boys.

The girls were having a good time in the hot tub and unbeknownst to them a pair of lecherous eyes were watching from behind a pair of binoculars from afar.

After the hot tub fun, Marcia and Bethany changed into their nightwear. Marcia wore an XL white tee shirt that hung like curtains over her meaty chest and came down mid thighs and a pair of plain beige panties underneath. On the front of the XL tee-shirt was a stretched out graphic of a large hamburger with the works and in bold red capital lettering read; All American Buns written above the hamburger and 100% grade-A meat written in smaller red lettering underneath. Her mountainous tits, without the support of an industrial strength $300 brassieres hung low and heavy on her chest, bulging in all directions and floppy due to their sheer size. They gently swayed from side to side when she walked. Bethany wore a pair of navy-blue silk pajamas, wool socks and her tits jiggled about with no bra underneath. 

They sat down and had dinner then afterward watched one of their favorite movies, Maze Runner. Bethany was feeling feisty and threw a pillow at Marcia and in return, Marcia threw a pillow back. An all our pillow war ensued between the two best friends when suddenly, the power to the entire cabin goes out.

"Oh shit! What happen?" questioned a shaken Marcia.

"Probably just blew a fuse box or something. Let me call my dad. He might be able to help us," Bethany responded. She grabbed her cell phone, and it read no service. "No service. Great."

"My phone says no service, neither," a worried Marcia replied.

Suddenly, both teens were startled by a loud knock at the door.

"Expecting company?" a frighten Marcia curiously asked.

"No. No one knows where here except my parents, your aunt, and uncle and our friends that aren't scheduled to be here until the weekend," replied Bethany, just as another loud thud on the door occurred that startled both teens again.

"This is Paul Bradshaw, your neighbor from some ways down. The power-up in these here mountains went out. I saw you two girls arriving earlier and just came down here to check on ya'll to make sure you two are alright," spoke a manly voice on the opposite side of the door.

"Is he a friend of your parents?" Marcia whispered to Bethany.

"I don't know," Bethany whispered back.

"I know one of ya'll is the daughter of Kimberly and Michael Sells. I'm the caretaker of the property when no one is here and an old buddy of your grandpa, James Sells," Paul explained.

"He seems legit," said Bethany.

"Or he's wearing a hockey mask and holding an ax just waiting for us to open the door and chop us up into little pieces," Marcia envisioned.

"If it brings you any comforter, I can mess with the fuse box to try to get the electricity back on soon," the old man suggested on the other side of the door. "These blackouts can last for days, weeks even. Do you want to stay in the dark for your whole stay? No TV, no lights, no phones, no Internet."

"He makes good points but just in case, grab that vase, hide behind the door and if you hear me scream, smash that son of a bitch in the head with it, got it?" Bethany plotted.

"Okay, got it," a trembling Marcia agreed.

Bethany took a deep breath and reluctantly opened the door to the mysterious older man on the opposite side. 

"Hi," Bethany greeted with caution. "I'm Bethany, daughter of Michael and Kimberly Sells."

Thanks to the Moonlight shining outside, Bethany was able to get a good look at the mature mountain man. He looked old enough to be Bethany's grandfather with his salt and pepper hair and thick white mustache. Even underneath his blue and white checkered flannel loose shirt and tight light blue jeans, the old man was skinny as a rail.

"Hi," Paul greeted back with a shy smile under his thick mustache at the drop dead gorgeous redhead. "And tell your friend she can come out from behind the door. Her heavy breathing gave it away."

Bethany nodded, and Marcia appeared in front of the raw-boned old man. Even though the light in the cabin was dim from the backup generator, Paul could make out Marcia's giant braless teen tits and the two small indents against the fabric of her tee-shirt confirming her nipples were hard. 

"I'm Marcia," she nervously introduced.

"So can you get the power running again?" Bethany asked.

"I can try. The backup generator will provide you with some light until I see what the problem is with the main fuse box. I'll be right back," Paul said.

Ten minutes had gone by since Paul showed up at the dim-lighted cabin and attempted to assist the teens in getting the full power back on. Within that time, the power would return in small bursts before quickly going back out. Five minutes later, Paul returned.

"Is everything okay? Well, we get any power tonight?" Bethany questioned after answering the door to 66-year-old.

"Well the fuse box is blown to shit, and the generator is as old as I am so this is all the light you're going to get tonight," he smirked. "I can get a new generator, but it's going to have to be first thing tomorrow morning."

The girls signed.

"Well, one night is better than the rest of our stay," said Bethany. "With no electricity, no party. Thank you, Paul. We greatly appreciate it."

"No problem. Say, I brought with me some of my famous moonshine. When you get a chance, ask your grandpa about it. He could never get enough of it. Since the night is still young, would you girls care to indulge some moonshine with me?" Paul asked. 

"Sure, why not," agreed Bethany. "I think I've heard a few stories about my grandpa and moonshine."

"Count me in," said Marcia. "I am going to live a little while I am on this trip."

"Well alright then. I'll get a fire going, and then we can drink," said Paul.

About a half an hour in, both teens were drunk with one girl on each side of Paul. He had gotten comfortable by kicking off his boots and unbuttoning his flannel shirt to reveal a scrawny chest covered in thick grey hairs. He also introduced a tobacco pipe filled with special herbs. After a few quick puffs, he passed it on to the girls. Marcia had never smoked anything before. Bethany had tried weed and didn't like it. An inebriated Bethany took the first crack at the pipe and had minimal problems. She passed it to a sloshed Marcia, and she couched up a storm which brought laughter to both Paul and Bethany. It also brought a lot of movement to her enormous teen jugs which were softly jiggling up and down Paul's right arm.

"Hey, share the moonshine," bickered Marcia, as she reached over Paul, dropping her heavy soft tits across his chest and abdomen. The air was knocked out of Paul as he wheezed from the impact. Marcia raked her oversized knockers across his torso, burying Paul neck-deep in her double GG cups trying to grab the moonshine canister from Bethany.

"Marcia! Get your humongous fat titties off Paul before you suffocate the poor old guy," Bethany observed.

"He's a guy. I don't think he minds a big pair of tits on him, do you, Paul?" Marcia teased, swiping her giant melons up and down his torso in a more sensual manner.

"Of course not," he groaned. "But you better be prepared to face the big problem that lies ahead."

The drunken lesbian giggled and continued teasing him, rubbing her colossal shirt-covered, hard nippled funbags forward and backward and up and down his lanky grey-haired chest and abdomen. After a couple of minutes, she lifted one weighty meat bags with two hands and dropped it in Paul's old wrinkled face with a thud. The impact of her heavy bosom damn near knocked Paul unconscious. The avalanche of heavy yet spongy breast flesh completely covered his whole face with its stiff nipple piercing into the skin of his nose. It was the first time Marcia has sexually used her massive titties to get a person horny on purpose. Marcia had only been intimate with one guy before she realized she was attracted to girls and has yet to be in an intimate relationship with another female.

She continued to smother and pummel Paul's hairy chest and old face with her gargantuan flesh melons, and it set off a chain of deep, throaty moans and groans from his muffled mouth. Bethany took a swig of moonshine and instantly spit it out once she saw the enormous length of Paul's cock growing down the side of his pants leg.

"I think I just spotted what big problem he was referring to Marcia," Bethany informed.

Marcia had her gigantic tits around and dwarfed Paul's entire head. She took a quick look down at the big problem Bethany was referring too.

"HOLY CRAP!!" she gasped. "I think it needs some air, why don't you take it out."

Bethany sat down the moonshine and unzipped Paul's pants. Although he was suffocating between the mammoth softness of Marcia's shirt-covered fat mammaries, Paul lifted his hips up a bit to help Bethany strip him of his pants. As Bethany got his pants halfway down his thighs, the big swollen red head of his enormous dick had already escaped through the leg holes of his underwear and dripping with pre-cum. She got his pants down around his ankles and then stuck her hand through the slit of his tidy whites and pulled out his massive pillar of hard as dry cement man meat. It throbbed in Bethany's hand as she could barely enclose her fingers around it.

"HOLY FUCK!! For an old guy, you got a really big dick," expressed Bethany. "My boyfriend would be so fucking jealous if he saw this humongous thing!"

"Ummmmm," was all Paul could utter in approval with his face still smothered underneath the humongous mass of clothed tit flesh. Marcia's small pebble-like nipples were hard enough to cut through sheet metal as they poked and prodded his old face.

Bethany used the flashlight on her cell phone to get a good look at Paul's big iron-hard dick. It was ten inches long with a girth to match and attached beneath hanging pendulously inside a wrinkled scrotum were a pair of massive cue ball-sized testicles. The thick shaft was covered with veins and at the top of the long meaty spear sat the deep-red enlarge mushroom head. Bethany wasted no time in stroking his pulsating manhood and dip down to take the large mushroom head between her big pouty lips. Paul let out a long deep throaty moan as he felt Bethany's mouth suck in his swollen crown. His pre-cum started oozing in Bethany's mouth as she gently sucked on the angry red dickhead.

Marcia dragged her one oversized teenage watermelon off Paul's face and rested it next to its plump partner one on his hairy chest. She watched intensely as her best friend gobbled down and devoured the largest cock she has ever seen. Marcia only had one experience with a dick before realizing she wasn't into men and Paul's big dick dwarfs the boy she was with by several inches.

"Too much cock for one girl. Why don't you join her," Paul wheezed.

"Because I like girls," Marcia playfully replied.

"Just think of it as a giant clitoris," Paul groaned.

Bethany with her puppy dog eyes looked up into Marcia's eyes with her mouth full of Paul's engorged cockhead. Marcia sighed and dragged her gargantuan thick full hangers down his bulging abdomen and rested them heavily on his thigh. Paul groaned in heavenly blissful pleasure as both teens had their lips wrapped around opposite sides of his thick veiny penis, drooling and slobbering up and down his extended hard member. 

The teen duo ferociously sucked Paul's giant painfully-hard cock for a solid fifteen minutes, switching between sharing the bulbous cockhead with their horny, hungry lips, slurping and licking up and down the fat vein-popping sides of his hard cemented shaft, to each filling their mouth with a big meaty cum-filled ball, respectively. At times Bethany and Marcia would alternate between who sucked his cock and who sucked his balls. Paul cried out in great unimaginable pleasure from the shared suck job. He hasn't had this much pleasure with another woman, let alone two at the same time since his mid 40's. Even when masturbating, his dick has never felt so hard.

Paul's back started to cramp from lying slumped down on the couch while two teenage girls shared his enormous fat cock and balls.

"I need to stand up for a bit. My old back can't be sitting down this long. Sit beside each other so I can face fuck you both until I cum," Paul instructed.

Marcia and Bethany sat next to each other as Paul took off all his clothes and stood in front of them in just a pair of black wool socks and his painfully hard erection pointed right at them. He put one foot on the couch, held his fat throbbing in his hand and thrust it between Bethany's lips. Paul started thrusting and jerking his hard member in her mouth. Bethany felt long shaft slide on her tongue, and the bloated cockhead invade the back of her throat each time Paul drove his cock into her mouth. He grabbed the back of Bethany's head with one hand as he continued to drive his huge cock in her mouth mercilessly. Her naked titties were jumping and shaking about beneath her silk pajama top from the force of Paul's thrusting. A smashed Marcia grinned and giggled at the sight of her best friend being face fucked hard to where tears rolled down her eyes.

"Your turn, lesbo," announced a grinning Paul, as he withdrew his slobber-drenched big meat from Bethany's mouth and immediately plunged it between Marcia's lips. He thrust his massive member into her cheek as he stroked and jerked it. "For a lesbo, you have a really good mouth for cock."

Paul repositioned himself right in front of Marcia with his legs spread and clutched the sides of her head with both of his large weathered paws and began thrusting his long fat cock deep down into her throat. Marcia has never sucked a dick before until tonight. It was a new experience having the largest one she has ever seen thrust between her lips, stretching her jaw and cheeks to their limits and pushing all the way to the back of her throat where she couched and gagged up saliva. With each long thrust, Marcia felt more and more of Paul's gigantic cock filling her mouth to the brim causing large qualities of spit to drool out of her mouth and soak her white tee shirt. His huge wrinkled nut sack swung in all directions and dangerously close to her wet chin. Paul's ass flexed up as his entire old lanky mothball-smelling body began trembling from the powerful force of his orgasm

"OOHHHHHH FUUUUCK!!" the old man cried loudly.

He took one hand off the side of Marcia's head and used it to stroke the base of his member with the rest of his massive hard penis still probing the inside her mouth. Paul came hard in Marcia's mouth, filling it with thick rope after thick rope of his gooey cum. After the fourth large shot, he immediately withdrew from Marcia's mouth and aimed his spunk-gushing cock in Bethany's face. The first large blast nailed her in the center of her face. The second cum shot landed on her pretty lips before Paul used the enormous knob of his cock to pry open her pouty lips and finished unloading his nasty semen inside her mouth.

After Paul finished cumming in Bethany's mouth, he sat back on the coffin table, huffing and puffing from exhaustion. He never felt so tired and drained in his entire life even for a guy his age that still worked at sawmills and chopped down large trees for a living.

"Is that it, old man? You can't be full already?" Bethany teased. "You haven't even had the main course yet."

Both teens stood in front of the fireplace for much better lighting so Paul could see their bodies in their full naked glory. Bethany unbuttoned her silk pajama top and let it drop from her shoulders. Her gorgeous, tan-lined breasts with quarter-sized creased light-pink areolas and thimble-sized cherry nipples sat high and perky on her chest. She then dropped the matching silk bottoms to unveil her bold dripping-wet pussy. Nothing else on besides her socks as she stood in front of Paul. He salivated at the mouth and licked his chops at Bethany's gorgeous naked body and then turned his attention to the mammoth-breasted lesbian Marcia. Although she was hammered off the moonshine, Marcia knew that Paul would be the second guy to ever see her naked but the first to see her newly grown double Gs. She shyly grabbed the hem of her XL tee-shirt and lifted it up over her top-heavy torso. Her jarringly gigantic breasts were bared to Bethany and Paul's lustful old eyes as she dropped her XL shirt to the floor. 
