 "Valentine's Day, my ass," Lillian muttered as she slammed the door and dropped her keys in a dish on the entryway table. She slipped out of her heels with a sigh of relief and started padding down the hall towards the bedroom. Her husband Cameron was out of town so she had the place to herself. Work had been hell and her secretary had received a ridiculously large bouquet of flowers from her boyfriend while all Lillian got was a measly text with a few hearts from Cam. Big whoop. All she wanted was her pajamas and a glass of wine, in that order.

As she passed the guest bath she did a double take. Taped to the door was single red rose and a sign that read, "come in and enjoy a long hot soak." What the hell? How had Cam arranged this one? The man loved surprising her, something she loved about him even after a decade of marriage.

She opened the door slowly, shocked to see there was a steaming hot bubble bath already drawn, with a glass of wine on the lip of the tub. She laughed and felt her stress level drop. She didn't know how he had done it, probably had one of their friends come over. Who was she to refuse such a nice gesture?

Her smartly cut black suit hit the floor and she let the work day go with it. In the mirror she checked out her body, still slim from years of ballet. Even at thirty she was willowy with firm breasts that turned upwards where her nipples shaded the skin a deep rose. She bundled up her sable hair and climbed into the tub, eyes closing on a sigh as she sank into the heat.

As she soaked the day away she grabbed the soap and lathered herself up. She ran sudsy hands over her breasts and felt her nipples harden. Hmmm. Too bad hubby wasn't around, she could feel herself getting aroused. She thought of him as she started to run her finger over her clit, remembering the last time they'd made love.

It was a couple weeks ago, and he'd just come back from another business trip. He'd practically attacked her the second the door closed behind them and they had had frenzied sex on the living room floor. Afterwards he asked her the same question he always did, "what is your ultimate fantasy?"

In the past she had avoided the question, joking about George Clooney, or saying that Cam was her fantasy come true. He always laughed but seemed a tiny bit disappointed. For some reason this time she had told him the truth, something she had never admitted to anyone. An orgy.

The water sloshed close to the rim as Jillian picked up the pace and imagined the scene she had described to him. Total darkness. Naked bodies everywhere, but no one could see who was who. There was just touching and licking and everyone fucking, not knowing who their partner was. Just pleasure.

She crested with a shudder, feeling her center spasm.

With a sigh, Jillian drained the tub and dried herself off. She swung her favorite fluffy robe around her and headed out. The heat from the bath combined with the wine on an empty stomach made her head swim pleasantly as she made her way to the bedroom. She froze as she saw another rose taped to the door. The sign read, "ask and you shall receive." What did that mean? She shook her head and smiled, sure she'd find a present on her pillow next. Her favorite chocolates? A piece of jewelry? This Valentine's day was looking up.

She opened the door and flipped the switch, but no lights came on. Her heart skipped a beat. Just a dead light bulb, she thought. But they had just changed it last week. She tried it again, nothing. She heard a small creak, like someone was in the bed. Her heart was now racing.

"Cameron? Is that you? This isn't funny, seriously," she thought about bolting to the kitchen for a knife or something.

"Surprise," Cam's voice was the sweetest thing she had ever heard. "Happy Valentine's Day, sweetheart," he said as he patted the bed next to him. "Why don't you get in here with me?"

"I'm going to kill you," she laughed as she dropped the robe and climbed into their bed. "You scared me to death," she snuggled up to him. "I thought you were in Boston."

"I came back early," he said as he began to kiss her. Her skin was still hot from the bath and smelled like gardenias. He breathed her in as he positioned himself on top of her.

She could feel his erection between her legs and began to settle into their usual foreplay routine.

"Honey," he began as he kissed her neck and nibbled on her earlobe. "I've invited a few friends over."

"Ok, when are they coming?"

"Uh, how about they're already here?"

She froze. "Cam, what are you saying?"

"I'm saying we are not alone in the house. I'm saying that I want to make your dream come true. If you want." He held his breath. He'd been hustling all week to make this happen but he wasn't sure she'd do it. "Don't worry, they're all people I know, and if you're not cool with it, they'll leave, no questions asked. It's just when you told me your fantasy I thought it was the hottest thing I'd ever heard..."

Jillian's mind was racing. Was her husband seriously delivering her dream on a silver platter, no questions, no judgments? She felt an immense wave of gratitude and love wash over her.

"I'd say I'm the luckiest wife in the world," she said as she took his face in her hands and kissed him.

"Hot damn, ok, um, wait here a sec. Don't move," he commanded as he scrambled up. Jillian heard him open the door to the guest bedroom and murmurs going back and forth. She heard footsteps in the bedroom and then the sound of the door closing.

The bed creaked again as Cam laid down next to her again. "This is for you, baby."

Jillian felt the bed give in several different directions, as hands began to stroke her body. At first she tensed, not knowing where to expect the next contact. It was as if the unseen hands knew she needed time, so they just continued to gently slide up and down in different places. She could feel hands on her feet, her legs and her arms, as well as Cam caressing her breasts as he kissed her deeply.

"Breathe," he whispered against her lips. "Just relax and enjoy." Jillian exhaled and felt her muscles loosen a little. She tentatively reached out a hand and met a warm body. A woman's body. For some reason all the fear dissolved in that moment, knowing there was another woman there. As crazy as it was, this was her ultimate fantasy coming true, and she didn't plan to spend it being scared. She surrendered to the moment, no more questions.

"Yes, baby," Cam could feel her start to respond. "You are so fucking sexy," he slid down her body until his head was between her legs. He spread her legs wide and kissed each of her thighs in turn.

It was strange to Jillian that even with her eyes open she couldn't see anything, but she closed them anyway. As Cam's tongue traced the line where her inner thigh ended, the hands on her body were replaced with mouths.

Jillian thought she would explode from the sensation of having both of her nipples licked at the same time, and then Cam started licking her clit. She moaned, and felt two small hands on her face and unmistakably female lips meeting hers. It was the first time she had kissed a woman and it was incredibly sexy.

The woman's tongue was like a small sweet dart, dipping in to play with her Jillian's tongue and then retreating. It was so different than kissing a man. Jillian reached up to cup the woman's breast and play with her nipples. Her other hand brushed over a hard cock so she held on to that and started stroking it.

Quiet moans started to sound all over the room and Jillian wondered how many people were in there. Was someone kissing her husband's body too? She found it kind of thrilling that she didn't know but she hoped so. She hoped he was getting as much attention as she was.

Meanwhile the woman she was kissing had shifted so that Jillian could reach her wet swollen pussy. She stroked it, rubbing her thumb over the clit that seemed to swell with her touch. She slipped her finger inside and wondered at how soft and warm it was in there. The woman's kisses became more insistent and Jillian was finding it hard to concentrate. The cock she had in her free hand withdrew. Her husband had stopped going down on her and now there was a cock teasing her with just the tip. Was it Cam? Did she care? It slipped into her and she groaned into the mouth of the woman, who was grinding against her hand insistently.

The man who was fucking her grabbed her legs under her knees and began pounding her harder, breaking her contact with the woman. Before she could react, she felt two legs straddle her her head, and a pussy poised above her mouth. She wasn't even sure it was the same woman she had been kissing a second ago. It didn't matter.

Jillian had never been with a woman so she tentatively ran her tongue in the wet slit, exploring the new tart flavor. She grew bolder as the guy fucking her started to pick up speed.

Jillian thought for a second that she had never experienced anything as erotic as being fucked while she was eating out a woman's pussy. The sounds of sex were all around her and the bed was rocking from more than her partners.

Her first orgasm ripped through her just before the man pulled out and came all over her belly. As soon as he left her, there were mouths licking her clean. The woman riding her face started to come, and Jillian felt a gush of fluid in her mouth as the woman shuddered above her.

Then suddenly she was gone, and strong arms were lifting Jillian up and straddling her legs around another man, reverse cowgirl style. Multiple sets of hands seemed to help her mount this new cock, rock hard and waiting. A man was standing on the bed next to her, his cock in her face. She took him into her mouth as she started to ride the man underneath her.

A pair of hands stilled her hips and she felt another tongue circling her clit. The small darting tongue reminded Jillian of the first woman, and having her pussy licked while she was full of cock was incredible. Another orgasm crested and crashed inside her. The sounds of other people's orgasms echoed through the room, so many it was like one constant sound.

There was another mouth on her nipple, from the long hair Jillian guessed it was a woman so she reached a hand under and fondled the other woman's breast. She realized for a second she was in a fivesome, but then it changed again.

The cock that was in her mouth left, and the man underneath her pulled out and she was flipped over on to her hands and knees. Another cock entered her from behind. Her face landed in another man's lap, and soon she was sucking his cock. She tasted that tart flavor again and wondered of this was the guy that was fucking her or if he was fucking someone else and she was tasting another woman. Either way was pretty hot.

Jillian came again, shuddering as both men worked her. She took the delicious cock deep in her throat so that the man she was blowing was groaning and clutching at her head so he could keep fucking her face. The man behind her had an iron grip on her hips as he plunged into her over and over, deeper and deeper. He started slapping her ass cheeks, something she never thought she would find erotic, but in that moment the pain only intensified her pleasure.

The sound of her being spanked seemed to kick up the energy in the room. The moaning grew into a hedonistic symphony. Everything started to blend and blur into a mass of sensations, just like she had always dreamed. Wherever she touched was soft naked skin. The giving of pleasure and the receiving of it was and endless chain.

There were cries of ecstasy mixed with sounds of bodies slapping and mouths sucking. She kissed people, licked cock and ate pussy, whatever she could get her mouth on. Everyone seemed to be coming in waves, one crashing into the peak of the next. Jillian lost count of how many times she came, and by the end she felt like there was a constant string of tiny orgasms rippling through her. She felt disconnected from the world, flying through the void with the feel of warm flesh as her only tether back to earth.

There was no way to know how much time passed in the blackout. Not that anyone cared. Nothing else in the world mattered but the people in her sphere. There was no stress over real life or anything else. Here was a total and complete escape. She threw herself in and lost herself in it. It was the best night of her life and definitely the best Valentine she'd ever been given.