 Richelle walks down the path, live oaks shading her from above. The plantation house lies before her and the river behind.

She passes the rows of live oaks, all 13 of them shading the walk as they have for more than four centuries.

He said that he would meet her here, with a great surprise. She felt a little apprehension as she left the bus behind her on River Road, but she decided to forge ahead, unsure, but full of anticipation of what lay ahead.

It was a hot August evening. The air lay still and thick, swallowing her as she moved forward. She made her way to the back of the house and he was no where in sight.

"Can I help you miss?" came a man's voice from within the garden.

Richelle turned and saw a tall figure a dozen yards away. It was not him.

"I was supposed to meet someone here, but I am not sure exactly where!" she said more as a question than an explanation.

"You must be Miss Richelle, we have been expecting' you. I didn't see you drive up."

"I came on the bus," she explained.

"Well we have a place all reserved for you, we can take the buggy over there back to your cottage." as he pointed to a golf cart.

They rode the cart to cottage number 3 and he lead her into through the door. It was cool inside the cottage and very cozy.

"I would have helped you with your luggage, but it looks like you are traveling pretty light."

She only had her purse with her and she was a little embarrassed, realizing that it looked very much like she was meeting someone for a tryst in a cheap hotel. Well, actually it was a romantic cottage.

Sensing her discomfort the man excused himself and she heard him drive away in the cart.

She found a package on the kitchen table. It was addressed to her. She held it in her hands, cradling it and wondering what it held inside. It was rather large, so maybe it was more than one thing.

She untied the ribbon and lifted the lid from the package. There was a red rose on top, laying on top of a note. She held the rose in her hand and picked up the note. She read the note quietly to herself.

"Darling, I will be there shortly. Please enjoy the bubbles and wear this when you are done. There is your favorite wine in the fridge. Love Rob"

She opened the fridge and there was a carafe sweet white wine. She poured herself a glass and went off into the bathroom. She started the bath in the deep claw footed tub. She added bubbles and watched them as they foamed near the rim of the tub. 

She stripped naked, taking a moment to admire her body in the mirror. The cool air from the fan hardened her nipples.

She slid into the tub, the bubbles rose to her neck. She took a sip of wine and took some time to appreciate the solitude.

No noises in the back ground, save the sound of the crickets. The warm water held her, hiding in her own world beneath the bubbles. 

She heard the door to the cottage open and recognized his footsteps as he moved across the floor. She heard him go into the bedroom and could hear faint sounds. Then it was quiet again, so she closed her eyes and drifted into her own world again.

She stepped from the tub and grabbed the towel from its hook. She dried off and slipped into her new silk robe and panties. She chuckled to herself, thinking that she shouldn't bother, she was going to be in them very long anyway.

She walked down the hallway, toward the golden glow coming from the bedroom. The room was lit with candles and he was lying in the bed. He smiled as she entered the room, and his eyes flickered in the candlelight. 

There was a small tray of chocolate covered strawberries. 

"You look lovely tonight darling", he whispers as he held one out for her and she took a bite. The strawberry was sweet and the juice mixed in her mouth with the chocolate. She felt a bit of it dribble over her lip. He leaned toward her, and licked the juice from her chin.

His mouth covered hers and he pulled her toward him, into his arms and under the covers. Their tongues met, their bodies fused, and their libs intertwined. Her prediction was correct, his hands slid beneath her panties and he slowly inched them over her hips.

His lips slide down her neck to her chest. Her body rose to meet his kisses. He rolled her towards him, kissing her on the sholder as she rolled to her stomach. His lips touched the soft skin of her shoulder blades and he slid on top of her so that he straddled the cheeks of her ass. She could feel his hard cock against her skin until his torso rose up above her. He reached for something, though she couldn't quite see what from the corner of her eye. Then she felt something slightly warm being dribbled onto her spine. She felt a tingle rush down her back as he dribbled it down her spine, stopping only after he had reached the crack of her ass.

She could feel something wet and sticky and warm on her spine all the way down to her crack. She wondered what he was about to do, but she didn't have to wait long. She felt his tongue touch her spine. This sent a chill all the way down her back, raising goose bumps from her cheeks down her legs.

She recognized the smell as chocolate sauce, Hershey’s to be exact. She could feel his tongue making a path down her spine, cleaning the sauce from her spine as he went.

Her pussy tingled in anticipation of his tongue touching her where she had not been touched before. His tongue moved farther down her spine and she quivered with anticipation as he reached the top of her crack. She rose her hips off the bed, offering herself to him. His tongue slid between her cheeks, sending shivers up her spine with each stroke. His tongue went deeper between her cheeks and she felt an electric charge as his tongue contacted her rim. He circled it with his tongue -- she was surprised at its sensitivity -- and then slid it into her.

Richelle froze for a moment, the sensation catching her by surprise; then she relaxed a bit and the newness of the sensation flooded her nether regions.

He glided her onto her back teasing her as he let his tongue slide over her cheek and hip. She opened her legs wide for him and he put his fingers on her lips, and forming a "V" he opened her slit. He looked for a second, and then slid his tongue inside her, tasting her juicy pussy.

She lay her legs onto his back, driving her hips against his face. He slowly moved his fresh shaven face up her slit, inching teasingly closer to her clit. His tongue moved from side to side, finding each sensitive spot between her legs , save for one.

She began to feel an ache, wanting his tongue on her … no wanting him inside her … no she was unsure what she wanted … she wanted it both.

“Darling Richelle, I have a surprise for you,” he whispered in her ear.

“Oh, another, what is it?”

From the shadows, a figure moved into the light. Richelle saw a beautiful young woman with red hair. The woman was naked except for a sheer negligee that hid none of her form. Richelle could see the woman’s nipples, erect and pert. The negligee stopped at mid hip and Richelle could see the woman’s bush, shaven enough to show her full lips that were slightly open with desire.

He bent down and she could taste herself on his lips. The woman knelt next to the bed, running her hand from Richelle’s knee to between her legs.

“Hmmmm, nice and wet, just the way I like my women” she said in a low, sexy voice. Then the woman bent down and kissed Richelle, then moved down her neck and chest, stopping briefly to sample Richelle’s nipples.

Richelle ached to have his cock inside her, but she did not want to stop the caresses of the sexy woman. The woman’s mouth moved down Richelle’s stomach, to her hips.

Richelle could feel her body quivering again with anticipation and the woman passed her lips down Richelle’s leg. Richelle was feeling cheated; was this woman simply teasing her.

Then she felt the woman pull her on top of her face, so that Richelle was straddling her, Richelle’s ass in the air. Richelle immediately directed the woman’s tongue to her clitoris. It was already throbbing and wanting to be caressed. The woman circled Richelle’s clit with her tongue, coaxing it even farther from between her lips. She ran long stokes of her tongue over the tip of Richelle’s clitoris, followed by dancing the tip of her tongue around its base. The woman let her tongue explore Richelle’s nether regions, slipping her tongue in places Richelle had never realized were sensitive. The woman’s tongue moved with expertise and enthusiasm that only experience and true love for a woman’s body could bring forth.

Richelle didn’t even sense the man behind her; in fact she was so involved that she had almost forgotten, until she felt his large hard cock penetrate her lips. She was amply wet, and he slid in easily. She nearly exploded with the simultaneous sensation of his cock inside her and the woman expertly tonguing her.

His hands held her hips and rammed her hard from behind. She was managing to dampen the recoil and concentrate her clit on the woman’s mouth. She was drenched in sweat, sensations shooting from her vagina and clitoris through her body like lightening bolts.

Her body began to spasm, a sensation building in the pit of her stomach and traveling up her stomach, and chest, through her nipples, to the top of her head. She strained to maintain control and hold this feeling, but she exploded into a violent orgasm.

The man held her hips, holding himself deeply inside her and the woman sucked Richelle’s clit into her mouth, both extending the sensations until Richelle’s body shook in convulsions and she collapsed on the bed.

She laid there, her head spinning and feeling semi-conscious. The man cuddled up next to her, stroking her gently; the woman, on the other side, cradled her against her bosom. They lay there, in the dim light, resting and dreaming of what was next.

Three people in the same bed do not lead to a comfortable rest, let alone sound sleep.