 They say that when one of the senses is closed down, the others become more sensitive to compensate. As I lay there in the dark, on my back, naked, my hands cradling my full breasts and my thumbs stroking my hard nipples, it certainly seemed as if my sense of touch had been heightened. My legs were wide apart, and my pussy was wet and swollen. A light breeze from the slowly turning overhead fan ruffled my pubic hair and wafted over my breasts and kept my nipples cool.

I had been lying there alone for only a few minutes. My lover had been with me, and we had undressed together, and he had laid me on the bed, and lay beside me stroking my body and kissing my mouth and face, and neck, and then my breasts and nipples as he stroked my clit and pussy. We had earlier agreed that it was my turn to wear the light mask, from the aeroplane, which eliminated the sense of sight from my playing. He had promised me a surprise during our afternoon interlude. It had been exciting to feel his hands touching me, when I had no idea what he was going to do next. It is not the same as making love in the dark, because in the dark you are both fumbling around without the benefit of sight. This time, he had full control of that sense, and but I did not. I trusted my lover to give me only pleasure.

I had already had one big orgasm when,with my body fully aroused from his kissing and stroking, he had simultaneously, and unexpectedly, sucked hard on my nipple and thrust two fingers into my pussy. As I recovered, he kissed me all over, but kept away from both my pussy and my nipples. He then got up, saying,

'Wait for me, I shall be back in a couple of minutes with your surprise'

And that is how I came to be lying on my back, in the dark, in the middle of the afternoon, in a state of great arousal. The place was quiet, the sound of the fan slowly turning above me in the room, the distant sounds of the sea outside, and some unknown birds making noises. The only smell was from the frangipani tree outside our hut. I lay, replaying my lovers strokes and kisses. Soon it was taking most of my self control to keep my hands on my breasts and not let my right hand slide down to where my clit was demanding attention in an ever more pointed way. I almost reached the points of surrendering to the inevitable when I heard a sound outside, and then the door opened and my lover returned

'I'm back,' he said. 'Have you lasted?'

'Only just,' I replied, 'I need your cock in me.'

'That is easily arranged,' he said with a smile in his voice, 'where would you like it? Oh, your surprise is also here…'

.

He had said this as he had come to the side of the bed and was leaning over me, stroking my

face and squeezing my breast. He took my hand and brought it up to hold his very erect cock, which I squeezed with desire. As soon as he did this, I detected movement on the other side of the single bed, and then a large hand gently took my other hand from my breast and, lifting it, placed it on another very erect, long, and thick cock, which I grasped firmly with a gasp. I squeezed them both tightly and spread my legs even wider.

'I need to come,' I whimpered.

By way of answer my lover put his hand hard on my pussy and clit, and slide two fingers into me, and immediately I arched my back, pushed against him, and squeezing the cocks in both my hands, I came loudly. As I recovered from that first massive orgasm, my desperation receded, and was replaced by a strong physical desire to be filled by a cock which would bring me even greater pleasure. I became aware again, too, of the two cocks in my hands. One, my lover's, familiar, hard, evoking innumerable memories of great pleasure shared. And the other, now that I concentrated on it, much thicker, and as I let my hand explore it further, uncut, and even longer than my lover's. As its size and thickness came home to me, and the message from my exploring fingers spread throughout my body, I could not help but let out of a soft moan of anticipation.

My lover leaned over me and took my nipples in his mouth, one by one, and sucked them hard, causing me to moan again and to raise my hips in invitation. He stood up again and asked,

'Do you want a cock in you?'

'Yes,' I breathed.

'Do you want to suck my cock?'

'Yes, yes,' I said with some enthusiasm. My enthusiasm was a mixture of excitement at the thought of sucking my lover's cock, which I love doing, but this anticipated pleasure was compounded by the thought that if my lover's cock was in my mouth, then this other, new, long, thick, and very exciting cock might go into my pussy and fuck me.

'Get up,' said my lover, gently loosening my grip on his cock. 

I also let go, with some regret, the other hard cock on at the other side of the bed. My lover, and two other strange, big hands, helped me to sit up and then pulled me off the bottom of the wide single bed. My lover held me close to him, and kissed me deeply on the mouth, as he caressed my buttocks and pressed his body, and his hard cock, against me. Behind me I heard someone lying down on the bed.

'This way,' said my lover, and led me, to the side of the bed. With a few more instructions, it

became clear what he wanted me to do. I knelt astride the bed, and then astride the body on the bed, facing towards the foot. Then, with my lover holding and guiding me, and the cock beneath me being held up to welcome me, I lowered myself on to the biggest, thickest, hardest cock I have ever experienced. The level of pleasure, and the feeling of my pussy being completely full, was intense, and I squeezed my breasts and nipples as I lowered myself fully on to this monster cock, and came immediately, falling forwards into my lover's arms.

I fell forward so that my head rested against his belly, and his own hard cock was questing at my chin. I recovered sufficiently to begin to lick and kiss his shaft, and began to move on the enormous cock in my pussy, my body suffused with pleasure. Two big hands held me on my hips as I rode up and down on this massive cock, while I licked and kissed and sucked my lover's cock. I began to ride the cock faster, and I could hear grunts and moans of pleasure coming from behind me. These sounds, my lover holding my head, and the knowledge that my body was accommodating two cocks made me come again, moaning loudly into my lover's cock. The cock beneath me continued to move inside me, and the hands on my hips

bounced me up and down. I rubbed my tits against my lover's thighs and, deeply in pleasure, rested my cheek against his cock and belly as I rode this strange and wonderful new cock until I had come several times more.

'Get off for a minute,' said my lover as I recovered from my latest orgasm.

I was in the stage of being lost in pleasure, knowing that I could carry on coming for ever, it seemed, ands trusting that my lover would ensure that pleasure is all that I would get. Rather unwillingly, I lifted myself off the cock, my pussy feeling bereft as I did so.

Don't worry,' said my lover, stroking me, 'it will be back again soon.'

I got off the bed, and heard someone else get off the bed as well. My lover led me into the side of the bed, and said

'Kneel across it.'

My lover held my shoulders as he arranged me, kneeling across the bed, and I felt two large hands holding my hips and adjusting those as well. My lover reached around me, leaning forwards, and cradled my big breasts in his hands. His erect cock was in front of my face, so I quickly put it into my mouth. At the other side of the bed, I felt, once more, the enormous cock

pressing against, and then insinuating itself into, my still throbbing pussy. I moaned with pleasure into my lover's cock as the other cock pushed deep into me. A big left hand was gripping my hip tightly, but and a right hand reached under me and held my pussy and began to rub my clit. He held his cock tight inside me, without moving, as he stroked my clit. The

pleasure of this, combined with the tugging of my nipples by my lover, my very full and stretched pussy, and a mouth full of lover's cock, was overwhelmingly exciting and I came and then quickly came again. 

I began to move against the cock behind me, and to suck my lover's cock a more actively. The big cock, for the first time, began to pump in and out of my pussy, slowly at first and then more rapidly. The pleasure was intense, and soon I had come again moaning once more into my lover's cock, which was not really getting the attention it deserved, as I was so enjoying being fucked by this massive cock. My nipples were still being pulled, and my clit being stroked but I could only really concentrate on being pumped vigorously by this huge cock, and soon was lost in pleasure and came again, and again, and again. Through the miasma of pleasure I realised that the cock inside me was getting even bigger and harder, and I could hear the grunting and gasping of the man behind me as he reached the short strokes, and

the excitement of this was such that I came once more just as I felt his hot come pumping into my pussy.

He stood behind me gasping, but still never having said a word. He stayed in me for a moment playing with my clit, and I sucked my lover's cock vigorously as he played with my tits. As I felt this big cock detumesce inside me, I came once more from the pleasure in my pussy, my mouth, my nipples and my clit.

The big cock slipped out of me, and I collapsed on my stomach onto the bed. There were

movements in the room, and then I heard the door open, and then close again. I heard my lover come back into the room.

'My pussy is too well fucked,' I whispered to him, 'Fuck me in back, please.'

'Yes,' he said, with a smile in his voice, 'that place needs to catch up a bit.'

He lubricated and prepared me with his finger, and with little ado, lay on top of me and slid his still very hard, and as yet unfulfilled, cock into my bum. The sensation was similar to the earlier one in my pussy: the feeling that there was something big in a space not quite big enough for it. I reached down under my body with my right hand to play with my clit, my pussy still throbbing from the experience it had had. My bum was filled with my lover's cock pumping into me.

'I love you,' I said, just before I came.

He continued to pump into me and let out a pre-orgasmic growl that I know so well and which excited me to another orgasm just before I heard him moan and felt his hot come pump into me. He collapsed on top of me and kissed me on the cheek.

'Did you enjoy your surprise treat?' He asked.

'Yes I did,' I replied, smiling widely, 'but perhaps not too often? Can I take the mask off now?'

He removed the mask from me, and slid out of me, and I gazed at him with deep love and wonder, as he enfolded me in his arms and we lay, silently and deeply in love, for a long time.