 We arrive right on time. The hostess welcomes us and escorts us inside as the valet drives off in our vehicle. She leads us into the private waiting area and offers us drinks. After pouring the drinks, she explains that our driver will arrive shortly and then excuses herself. Just as we finish our drinks, the limo arrives at the dimly lit rear entrance. Our journey into the dark, mysterious world of blind eroticism has begun.

The windows of the limo are dark, so dark that we cannot see out, nor can we see the driver. We are not supposed to know the location of our destination. From the amount of turns made, it seems as though the driver is not taking a direct route. After another round of drinks, we finally come to a stop. The door opens, seemingly by itself. The area outside of the limo is darkened, a path lined by a faint blue glow leads to an open door.

As we make our way through the doorway, we can see that the illuminated path continues. We follow the path down an otherwise unlit hallway and thru another open door into a room. We enter the room and the door closes behind us. A soft light begins a slow, subtle illumination of the room, just enough light to make out the surroundings. There is another door on the opposite wall. A neoclassical divan is on one side of the room, a dressing area with closet on the other, and a bar is adjacent to the far door. The same type of drinks we had at the arrival station are already prepared and waiting for us on the bar.

I bring the drinks over to a low table in front of the divan and sit next to Marie. She looks wonderful sitting here. Before we venture in, I want to take in her entire beauty, as if I making a mental note for later. Her one hundred sixty pounds is distributed exquisitely over her six-foot frame. Jet black, curly hair provides the perfect frame for her large dark eyes. As beautiful as they are, both are mere accents to her captivating smile.

After we finish the drinks, we smile at each other in anticipation. I rise and begin to remove my clothes, starting with my jacket and tie. Marie rushes to me and says, "Please, let me."

I unbutton his shirt and peel it back over his shoulders slowly. As the departing material reveals skin, my lips welcome it delicately. As I stare directly into his eyes, my hands deftly unbuckle and unzip his trousers, letting them fall to the floor about his ankles. I slip my fingers gracefully into the band of his shorts and trace around to the back. Prying them off and down his legs is hindered only by his rigid cock. I bend to assist while he steps out of the pile of clothing at his feet, deviously avoiding any touching of his cock the entire time.

She turns around and whispers "Unzip me." I reach out and gently pull the zipper the short distance from her lower back to the middle of her shapely ass. The backless black evening dress drops easily from her as I nudge the straps off her shoulders. She is wearing neither bra nor panties. As she turns to face me, her perfectly shaped breasts proudly present stiffened nipples. It took a conscious effort to follow her lead and not let myself touch them. Soon enough we will be satisfying our desires.

She stands there completely nude except for the diamond ankle bracelet that she "earned" from me in Belgium. The faint blue glow of the solitary light source illuminates her bodily sensuously. If we stay here and make love all night, I could be a happy man. But this has been a dream of hers, and through much effort and money, I have arranged a membership. We have been through the orientation and are about to embark on our first participation in an actual session.

I ask Marie if she is ready, and she smiles me a "Yes." We pick up our custom fitted earpieces from the bar and put them in, one in each ear as labeled: left and right. Immediately, a vacuum sound, with a slight pain and tingle indicate that the earpieces have attached themselves correctly. A quick test is successful: we are online with Aphrodite, our electronic host and guide. I tell Aphrodite that we are ready and the far door opens. Once we pass through, the door closes again, leaving us in complete darkness.

From this point on, we will have virtually no visual input. Our other senses, particularly sound and touch, will be depended upon to guide us. The lack of sight not only provides a level of anonymity, it also calls upon the other senses to become heightened. Aphrodite's hi-tech audio allows us to function with the sudden loss of sight.

We quickly adjust to Aphrodite. She provides audio instructions, directions, personal messages, and music. In fact, the only audio we receive is through Aphrodite's sound system. In return, Aphrodite can hear us, as well as monitor our biometrics, such as heart rate and temperature. She also knows exactly where we are at all times, and our exact orientation.

Marie and I chat as we proceed down the hallway before us. The feel of the floor on our bare feet coordinates with audio feedback from Aphrodite to guide us about. As we enter near the main hub, I recall the layout. The hallway we enter through ends at a circular hallway known as the roundabout, reminiscent of European traffic circles with its one-way traffic. Inside of the roundabout is the water room. Outward from the roundabout are various rooms. Each provides a different experience and only certain activities are allowed in some. Each room is ovoid, with one entrance. Inside, the rooms vary, depending on the theme for that room.

Aphrodite suggests we start with the game room as a good way to be acclimated. We agree and ask her to guide us there. As we enter, she tells us that there is a game for couples being organized on the far side. We indicate our interest and permit her to include us in that audio channel. A new voice, a man, welcomes us and introduces the participants. When he has finished, we are asked to introduce ourselves using our pseudonyms: real names are not encouraged. The game begins.

The object of this game is to identify your partner. All of the women are lined up side by side, and, starting at one end, each man is to feel his way from one woman to the next. The woman's body can only be touched between the shoulders and the knees. When the game commences, each man is aligned to the front of a female, who he proceeds to feel for twenty seconds. At the sound of a tone, he must move on to the next female to the right. When the end of the line is reached, he is to move behind the female and work his way back through the line. The men are responsible to count positions and keep track of their choice.

At the start tone, I reach gently forward, searching for a body. When I find her, I start to caress her body, quickly locating tits. They are firm, but not as large as Marie's. The nipples are sticking out quite far, and I give them a tweak. I move my hands down her sides and along her hips. Bending down slightly, I slide my hands around the back to her ass. Like her tits, it is small and firm. Suddenly I am reminded of how short twenty seconds is.

As I move to my right and begin to grope for the next girl, I detect the strong smell of cinnamon. It is being blown on us from above to hinder the use of smell to identify the partner. With this girl, I try not to spend too much time in one spot. A quick check of the tits reveals that they are about the right size, but a little too saggy. They are nice and full, just the kind you could play with for hours. I don't have that long, but I do use the time I have on them, forgoing the rest of her body.

The next woman has very small breasts with very sensitive nipples. They are a bit slippery. I give them a squeeze between my thumb and finger, then move around to check out her ass. Squeezing a cheek with one hand, I run my finger down her crack with the other. I locate her assbud and probe it a bit. The tone moves me on. I decide that I will focus on the asses, thinking that tits may be better explored from behind.

This chick has oil on her body. This is evidently not the first room she has visited. I go directly for the ass, oil and all. It has good shape and tone. As I rub the oil into her cheeks, she pushes back. My finger finds its way to the crack and runs the oil up and down its length. This isn't Marie, but I wouldn't mind spending more time with her oily ass.

At the tone, it takes me a moment to realize that I was at the end of the line, and need to work back. I feel robbed, wasting time feeling the air, but I quickly decide that it's the same girl again, anyway. I grab quickly for her tits. They are quite large, much larger than Marie's, and quite firm. As I am holding her tits, I get an urge to slide my rock hard cock into her oily ass. I tell Aphrodite to tag this girl for me; I want to get back to her later.

As I approach the next girl, I try to remember where I was and where I had started. I know this one isn't Marie, but when I do find her, I will need to be able to determine where she is in line. My hands reach around to her pussy, which already seems to be oily. Of course: I am not the first one here. Each guy in line has transferred oil from the last girl. Thinking about how many fingers she's had feeling her cunt, it suddenly occurs to me that Marie has been getting groped and poked and prodded, just as the girls that I have visited. She must be ready to explode. I give her a quick rub of the clit and move on.

After a few more women, I feel a set of tits that is very familiar. I have found her. My hand moves quickly down to her cunt, almost as if I expect to find a set of fingerprints. She is definitely wet and worked up. I am tempted to pull her out of the line and fuck her right here. But I compose myself and move on, noting her position. As it turns out, she is the other end of the line, so I get her again right away. I put my hands on her ass and massage vigorously. At the tone, I reach up and pinch her nipples sharply: it's not as if she knows it's me.

A couple of turns later the game ends. It's not surprising that everyone has guessed correctly. Each woman was so different that you would need to be a complete moron not to get it right. It was fun nonetheless. It's one of those times where the journey is more important than the destination.

Anton instructs Aphrodite to isolate our audio. As the noise of the party subsides, I grab for him, almost shaking.

"Fuck me now," I say.

 "If you can find me," he says playfully.

He moves away from me and isolates his audio. Bastard. 

It takes me a moment to orient myself, and I make my way through to the roundabout, waiting for Anton. I ask Aphrodite to locate him for me, but she offers no help. As I contemplate my next move, Anton's voice is suddenly in my ear teasing.

"I am just to the right of the doorway," he says.

"But which room?" I plead.

I hear him start singing a familiar song and take that as a hint. I deduce that he is in the mat room. Each room plays its own music; many with a particular genre intended to highlight the activity of that room. The mat room is one that is completely covered in padded mats, with nothing else in the room. Hard rock is played for some hard fucking.

Aphrodite directs me to the mat room. As I make my way inside I pick up on Anton's tracking ping. I give the command that opens my tracking ping to Anton, and as I approach, I hear a tone that increases in pitch and frequency.

"You're getting warm," he says.

"Warm!" I say, "I'm so fucking hot from that game I can't believe it."

We grab each other at about the same time and drop to the padded floor. Our lips lock together and we roll over and over. When he is positioned over me, he pins my arms next to my head.

"I'm going to fuck you," he declares assertively.

He places his cock at my cunt and drives in. I moan ecstatically as he gives me the entire length in one thrust. My legs wrap around his ass and attempt to push him in farther.

"You slut, how many guys did it take to warm you up?" he asks.

"Only a few to warm me up, but they kept coming" I say. "Just about every one of them stuck a finger in my pussy, they all played with my tits, and a couple probed my ass. And one guy pinched my nipples so hard a thought I would go insane if I didn't cum soon."

I hear him laugh deviously.

"You shit, it was you!" I yell.

He claims that he doesn't know what I'm talking about. I struggle to throw him off. We wrestle for a bit, and then I slip away, audio and all.

I decide to let her go and wait for her to surface.

In the meantime, I tell Aphrodite that I need a companion. "Where is the oily girl from the game room?" I ask. She tells me that she will see if she will accept an invitation. A few moments later, a sexy voice whispers in my ear.

"What ya' looking for, sweetie?" she asks.

I tell her that I was intrigued with her oily ass in the game room a few minutes ago.

"We were just heading for the shower. Will soap do, instead?" she asks.

Sure, I guess.

She tells me her name is Donna. We each direct Aphrodite to enable a ping locator and I head for the water room. Several openings provide access in and out of the water room. As you pass through the opening, a stiff blast of hot, dry air blows downward. Inside is a round pool that is almost as large as the entire room. The pool is no more than a meter deep, with a seat/step around the entire edge. An inner ring serves as a hot tub. The submerged wall between the hot and cooler water is also a seat/step. Adjacent to the hot tub ring is a sauna island.

The water in the pool and hot tub glows a very subtle, deep green. It does not give off light, but a faint silhouette can be seen against it. The perimeter of the water room is lined with showerheads, toilets, and bidet. As I near Donna, I bump into another body. It is soapy and female. I stop to give her a quick back scrub. Before I can finish, Donna grabs my arm.

"Hey, wrong girl!" she teases.

She turns me around, wraps her arms around my neck, and kisses me. As she breaks away, she reaches for my cock.

"Let's see what we have here," she says, "Circumcised, not shaven, probably about six inches."

"Wow," I say, "You're a regular Sherlock Holmes with the dicks."

She laughs and starts to rub soap onto me, moving slowly to the back. As she lathers me up, she reaches around the front to my quickly hardening cock.

"So, you want to put this in my oily ass, huh?" she asks.

"It was a thought," I said.

"It's a good thought," she says, "but I'm not oily right now. I've been at this for some hours, and I need a break. I'll send a message later when I'm ready."

"Sounds like a plan" I tell her. "I'm gonna hold you to it."

I take a handful of soap from the dispenser and apply it to her body. Then I move behind her and put her hands upward to the showerhead.

"Hold on to this," I instruct.

I rub soap over her body, starting high at her elbows, gliding under her outstretched arms down to her hips. I work back and forth a few times, then start moving in to wash her huge tits. Given their ample size, I get more soap and spend much time exploring them completely. Her nipples stiffen nicely, and she responds well to any and all stimulation applied to them.

With a slight step to the side, I can reach down to her ass with one hand and to her pussy with the other. Both are scrubbed thoroughly. After a few more rinses and new soap, I am at her feet, kneeling, with my face conveniently at the level of her ass. As I lift each foot and wash it, I kiss across her ass, working my way toward her ass crack. When I reach it, I trace along it with my tongue.

When she arches her back inward, her ass pushes into my face and my tongue reaches in to find her assbud. After a few flicks she moans and tells me that she may call me sooner than later. I let her foot down and stand. As she rinses, I place her hand on my cock and tell her that I will be back so that she can take care of this. I kiss her, and then leave.

While I am waiting to hear from Marie, I decide to check out the pool. As I stand at the edge, I can't decide if the glow is eerie or sensuous. Seeing the silhouettes of many people tends to make it more sensuous. I step into the water and wade across to the hot tub. There are more people in the hot water than the cool. Since I am on somewhat of an exploration, I continue on to the sauna.

As I approach, Aphrodite informs me that if I wish to enter the sauna, I need to request assistance. I tell her that I would, in fact, like to use the sauna. A young, female voice enters my ear as a gentle hand grips my arm.

"Follow me, sir," says my escort.

She leads me through the door and onto a bench.

"When you would like to leave, let Aphrodite know and someone will assist you" she says, "Would you care to join the public conversation?"

"No, thank you" I reply.

Within a few minutes I feel a searching pat on my leg, followed by a mouth on my dick. With all of the activity that I have had, without cumming, I rise quickly. Sitting there enjoying the sensation, I wonder who this may be. I don't even know if it is a female. I ask Aphrodite to invite the person in front of me to an audio. After some moments, Aphrodite informs me that the person did not accept, which prompts me to have Aphrodite ask the person to leave me. The mouth disappears quickly. Being left wanting once again, I decide to take matters into my own hands. Within a few minutes, I feel a presence next to me and Aphrodite is issuing an invitation from the person to my right. I accept, and it is a female voice.

"With everything going on around here, that seems like a terrible waste," she says.

I laugh and tell her an abbreviated version of my short history. She adjusts her body slightly before I feel her hand join mine on my cock.

"Let me," she says.

After a several very nice strokes, she moves to the floor and takes me in her mouth. It is obvious she is no novice, and she swallows my cock completely. As she bobs up and down the entire length, her hand augments the stimulation. To add to my pleasure, she uses her other hand to rub the base of my cock between my balls and my asshole.

After a while, I am wanting more, so I reach down and grab her by the shoulders. I guide her up onto my lap, where she straddles me by placing her feet flat on the bench along side of me. She quickly squats and lowers her cunt down onto my cock, sliding it in easily. I place my hands on her hips as she moves up and down. Before too long I am ready to explode inside her. As I start to shudder, she moves faster and slams down hard onto me, driving my cock deep inside of her. After accepting all of my jism she jumps off, tells me she needs to find someone else, then disappears, audio and all.

The warmth of the sauna relaxes me thoroughly. After many minutes, I have an escort lead me out so that I can cool off in the pool with a fresh drink. Once refreshed, I ask Aphrodite to locate Marie for me. As her audio fades in, I can hear her breathing rapidly.

She gasps into my ear, "You shit, I thought you forgot about me."

I tell her that I was distracted by an oily ass.

"See how you are...," she says.

I laugh. Not wanting to disrupt, I tell her to enjoy herself and contact me when she's done. Before she can answer, I hear her scream out an orgasm. I don't know what's being done to her, but I can tell that she likes it.

After she collects herself, we arrange to meet here in the water room. When I find her, she is at the bidet, washing away whomever it was she was with. She tells me about the two guys she had while she was gone. Aphrodite hooked her up with a hard-slamming, well-hung man that was the slam-bam, thank you-ma'am type: just what she wanted. Then she found another that took his time and worked her up slowly, then took her over the edge just when she needed it.
