 Steve

Having a slut on demand was a novelty that wore off sooner than I expected. Sure I had used my new-found powers of hypnosis over my wife Jane to engineer a lot more anal sex than I would normally enjoy, blow jobs with swallow, sex in the shower, watching porn, making porn, sex in public places, sex while she was on the phone to her mother ... but inevitably I guess I was having too much of a good thing. I needed to spice things up a bit.

Although I had been worried that the interference in Jane's brain by our dodgy hypnotist might scramble her marbles, there were no signs of anything untoward and, indeed, she seemed to be enjoying her turn for the whorish. Whenever I brought her back to 'normal' she would talk about what we had done in reassuringly positive terms, even daring to plan further adventures. But she would never let herself go of her own accord, the trigger still had to be used. We could be sat reading newspapers on a train, but if I said "slut" I would suddenly feel a hand delving into my trousers, a bite on my neck and away we go...

I had plans, mostly predictable ones. First off we tried to engineer a threesome with Jane's (incredibly foxy) friend Sarah. She always looked the type to go wild after a few tequilas but, alas, as soon as Jane's slutty hands turned their attention towards her she ran away and hasn't spoken to Jane since. I do feel a tad guilty about that. But only a tad. I'm thinking escort girl in hotel might be the way to go. 

Far easier to set up and execute was having Jane used by other men, preferably at the same time. And so one night we went up to a notorious dogging spot – a car park on the edge of a forest just out of town – which I had settled upon as a viable location after a bit of time on the relevant websites. Jane was under the impression we were just out for a drive in the country, taking in the scenery. That being the case she wasn't exactly dressed like a cock-hungry slut, but she had a summery sexiness about her in a short red summer dress, her white bra straps showing, hair loose around her shoulders. She is a hot lady – she's never going to be turned down by anyone, that's for sure.

As the sun set slowly over a hill ahead, I suggested we pull into a roadside inn for a drink and bite to eat. I knew there was no point turning up at the car park until after 8pm, so I dragged dinner out as long as I could, allowed Jane to get through three glasses of wine and, when we finally ventured back outside, it getting dark. 

She eventually queried my route home as I turned off the main road and up a gravel track to the car park. My reply was short and sweet. "Slut."

Jane

I don't know if it was the wine, but I wanted to service Steve like he'd never been serviced before. I was going through a phase where I seemed to be having lots of funny turns like this, but the sex was mind-blowing each and every time. 

We were driving into some secluded car park, so I guessed Steve was after an in-car or open-air fuck. He hadn't even pulled up under the trees when my hand began squeezing his crotch, my seatbelt released as I shifted sideways in my seat, telling him how I was going to suck him dry before he was allowed to even think about screwing me. 

Steve killed the headlights and buzzed his windows down a touch. I was on him in a flash, my tongue down his throat and my hand groping between his legs, clambering across to half-straddle him. Within seconds I had him unzipped and was stroking his cock, asking him how he wanted to do it once he'd fed me my cream. I sensed I was wet already. Maybe it was my imagination but I was sure I could feel myself leaking into my panties. We were kissing passionately. I licked his face as I squeezed and pulled on his cock down between my legs. I was panting all over him like a hungry dog. I needed something to chew on. 

I shifted back to my seat, almost on all fours, my head over Steve's lap and ready to begin pleasure-giving. I kissed the end of his cock, stroking with a strong grip, watching it pulsate, ready for action. Steve's hand reached down between my legs, he gave a moan of approval at how damp I was. He pulled my dress up my back, exposing my ass, and pushed my panties down to my knees.

I was about to slide my mouth over his dick when he turned on the cabin light.

"What the fuck?" I said, looking up.

"I want to be able to see you properly," he whispered.

It crossed my mind that someone may see into the car, but I really didn't give a shit. In fact, I started to think, it would be a hell of a turn-on if someone did pull up and catch us. I returned to his stiff cock, licking the end as I squeezed with my hand, before slowly lowering my mouth on to it, second by second allowing a little more of him into me until he was at the back of my throat. Then I began to fuck him with my mouth, sucking and slurping for all I was worth. I wanted to suck him so much his insides would flood down my throat. I wanted to have him in such ecstatic agony that all he could do was scream.

Eric

I was about to give up when I saw a light go on over at the south car park. It had been a disappointing summer around the woods for us voyeurs, and I wasn't really expecting anything major as we turned the corner into autumn. 

I wandered over, straying from the path into the trees to maintain cover, just in case it was some innocent party passing through. As I got closer I saw a guy in the driver's seat, looking down, and a woman's head bobbing up from his lap. Perfect. I edged closer. The cabin light switched on was usually a sign they wanted you to watch but it could still have been a private party. I was maybe only 10 yards from the car. I could hear muffled moans and groans so I could tell there was a window open somewhere. The guy clocked me as I worked my way round to his side of the car, wanting to see her sucking. He motioned with his head as if to say I should go round the other side, so I carried on walking, catching a glimpse of the girl's black hair pulled to one side by his hand, and – unexpectedly – her exposed rump facing out of the passenger side. I hurried round the back of the car, and heard the window wind down as I approached. 

Jesus it was beautiful. Her legs her slightly splayed, her white panties around her knees, perfect ass, what promised to be a perfectly trimmed pussy that seemed to be glistening ever so slightly. My cock was stiff as a board. I unbuttoned my pants and took it in my hand, stroking as I looked at her rear. She hadn't realised I was there, still going hell for leather at her guy's cock. I could hear her gobbling, slurping, moaning. She was talking dirty too but I couldn't quite make it out. Oh to be able to slide inside her. 

Her red dress fell a little, with the motion of her bobbing, and momentarily covered most of her ass. But her guy quickly pulled it back up, looking straight at me. He made this action with his hand that I was sure meant he wanted me to finger her. My heart was pounding. I swapped hands on my cock and, crouching for the best view, slowly reached into the car.

Jane

I was so into the blowjob, so focused on emptying the balls my hand had rooted out from Steve's pants, that the hand came as a real shock. It slid between my legs, side-on, and pressed up onto my crotch. I stopped dead and whirled round in a panic. "What the...?" 

Steve immediately stroked my hair and pulled my head back to his lap. He obviously knew, and approved, of the guy's presence. I was so wet and horny I couldn't really find it within myself to object to someone – anyone – rubbing me off. He was out in the car park stroking his cock with his free hand, gently rubbing my slickness with his other. I instinctively pushed back on to the hand, opening my legs a little. Steve again tugged on my hair, pulling me back to his waiting dick. 

I couldn't help but moan as I slid my mouth back on to Steve. I can't explain it – it was almost like having some attention on my pussy was relieving a mass of tension that had built up inside me. I began rocking against the fingers between my legs, rubbing the ample juices on to my clit via this stranger's hand. My leg opened wider, my sandal seeking out a secure footing in the footwell of the car. Lord knows how I looked to this guy in the car park, but I didn't care. 

Steve 

I couldn't take my eyes off the arm, reaching in and working gently behind Jane. I wanted to see her penetrated, satisfied by another. The stranger outside was jacking off faster now, delirious with desire at the sight of this young woman bent over and letting him finger-fuck her.

As Jane's moans got louder and deeper, betraying the sensations between her legs, it sent me closer to orgasm. Her movements grew more pronounced, fucking the guy's fingers. There could have been anything from one to five up inside her, I had no idea – and that sense of unknown, that lack of control over Jane's body was a hell of a turn-on. I could hear her moans below me but I could hear the wetness of her pussy coating those dirty fingers between her legs. I swear I could hear the guy's balls slapping his hand as he furiously wanked. It was all too much, and I was going to cum. The first shot caught even me by surprise and I cried out. Jane stopped fucking with her mouth and slowed to a sensual suck, devouring each load that left my pulsing shaft and swallowing calmly. Her attention was momentarily firmly on me and I loved her for it. That had to be the sexiest thing she had done so far, forgetting about the hand inside her, which was driving her to her own peak, and concentrating on maximising my pleasure.

When she was sure he had finished, she looked up sideways from my lap, kissing the slimy wet end of my dick. "Now what lover?" she whispered.

I wanted to see her nailed. "Let's get out and then you can say hello properly."



Eric

I'm guessing the guy in the car came – he made all the right noises and this girl stopped fucking my fingers. I felt almost ready to blow. She had a hot, hot body. Great shape to her ass, which curved into a slim waist, nice smooth toned legs. She was the hottest thing I'd laid hands on since college. She reached round and pushed my hand out of her pussy. My heart sank (my cock stayed). She slowly and turned to face me and smiled. She was beautiful. 

As they tidied themselves up in the car I quickly lifted my hand to my nose, drawing in her sweet scent. It was divine, intoxicating. I licked my fingers, her juice filling my senses. God I wanted to see more, do more. The car doors opened and I put my hand away. Suddenly she was stood right in front of me. 

"Wow, you're fucking hot!" was all I could think to say.

She was looking at my still-hard cock. I had forgotten that was there.

"Oh, erm..." I began thinking about how I should put it away. 

She took a step forward and gave it a squeeze with her hand. Wow. It felt so good. After years of neglect my dick was once again in the hands of someone else. And what a someone else. She was late 20s, about 5ft 4in with a great figure. Her raven hair tumbled around her shoulders, a touch of eye make-up accentuating her hazel eyes. Her cheeks were ever so slightly flushed from her exertions already. She squeezed and tugged slowly, leaning so close that I could smell the cum on her breath. "You ain't seen nothing yet," she whispered.

She reached down for my hand, the one which moments ago had been probing her slippery hole. She brought it up to her mouth and slowly licked each of the three middle fingers in turn as she carried on squeezing my dick. 

"Mmmmm," she grinned. Jesus! Was she for real? It was too good to be true and I admit I thought I was about to be robbed or something. Given that I had nothing on me, I figured I might as well see how far she would go. She said her name was Jane and asked me mine. Her husband, as it turned out, was stood a few feet to my right, just watching. He said something I didn't quite catch and I turned to say pardon but he was talking to another guy, stood a little behind him, also watching.

Jane also turned and saw. She seemed to use this as a queue to start sinking down to her knees. I felt so far gone that a waft of her breath on my dick might send me over the edge. I looked down to see her mouth open and gradually gather in my stiff rod, sucking hard a couple of times before she released and drew her tongue all the way up the underside as it twitched under in her steadying hand. Her eyes looked up into mine, slightly glazed, a half-smile seemingly playing on her lips even as they stretched to their widest to accommodate me again.

Steve

"She's hot huh?" I said to our new friend.

He snapped out of his reverie. "Um, yeah... Never seen anyone that nice doing something that naughty out here."

"She's my wife. Will you fuck her for me?"

They guy just nodded, watching ever more agape as Jane began licking Eric's dick slowly and deliberately, as if needing to savour every stroke made with her outstretched tongue.

I glanced around for somewhere Jane could lay, wanting to see her pounded (but not on the bonnet of the Beemer). I sauntered over to the happy couple and lay my hand on her shoulder. "Hey babe, why don't we go over on that picnic bench?" I said softly in between her slurps. 

She dutifully stood up. "OK honey... come along Eric," she said, and pulled him along by his cock as she sashayed over a stretch of short, sun-dried grass to the bench under a tree. She winked at our second stranger as she walked by, and all three of us followed in an obedient line, me bringing up the rear.

She immediately pushed Eric backwards onto the moss-scarred wooden slats of the bench, his knees at the edge, feet dangling either side of her legs. I moved round for a side-on view as she threw herself over him, returning her mouth to his erection, pulling it with a tightly gripping hand so that it stood at right angles to his prostrate body, perfect for her to suck and mouth-fuck as she stood over him.

The other guy, who was much younger and in better shape, eventually approached her from behind. He tentatively positioned himself behind her and placed his hands on her hips as she bent over the bench's edge, working poor Eric into a right state, and waited to see how she reacted. I couldn't make out for sure, but I'm guessing she pushed back against him with her ass, seeking out that second hard cock that we were both yearning to see.

He had soon decided to pusher her dress right up to her waist, exposing her bare ass, and was reaching round to rub her clit as she continued Eric's blow job. Now her moans mingled with Eric's, her hungry mouth occasionally releasing itself from him, distracted by the sensations between her legs. I was so hard inside my pants. I was mesmerised. Without even noticing, I began to stroke as I watched.

Jane

The fingers against my clit felt so good. I wasn't sure how far Steve would let me go, but I wanted a cock inside me. No, I wanted two cocks inside me.

I gave up on the blow job and clambered up on to the bench, straddling the table part, my feet either side on the long seats. I pulled my dress off over my head and threw it in Steve's general direction, whipping my bra off and throwing it the same way. Eric's eyes were wide like saucers, and I held his dick as I lowered on to it, both of us moaning through requited desire.

I sat there for a moment. Three pairs of eyes were drinking me in and it felt invigorating. I placed my hands on Eric's chest, leaning over to give him a quick kiss before I started my ride. As his tongue wandered into my mouth, I shifted my body so that my clit was pressed against his pubic bone, and I began grinding ever so slightly against him to send another electric charge between my legs.

As I began to move slowly against him – hell, as I began to fuck him – I felt a tongue slip between my butt cheeks, seeking out my hole with the aid of prising hands. Mmmmm, just what the doctor ordered. I cocked my ass slightly, offering myself, making it as obvious as I could. I sighed into the night air, betraying the double delight of a throbbing cock twitching inside me and a tongue fucking my ass. I began a slow, rhythmic rise and fall on Eric, my hands still on his chest, conscious of him below me, straining to lift his head as far as possible to watch his tool being repeatedly devoured by my increasingly squelching, steaming pussy. 

Then I heard a belt buckle and zipper in action behind me as the tongue rimmed and fucked my ass. The tonguing stopped and I felt him clamber on to the table behind me, his hands on my hips and a hard cock against my buttock. 

Ian

I was just manoeuvring my knees into position. "Wait," she hissed urgently. "You need to be wet."

She raised herself off the guy lying down and reached down between her legs with her hand, signalling that I should aim for her pussy. I slid straight in and, shit, was she hot and wet. I had to tell her so. I'm not sure if she appreciated it, but I didn't really care. I reached round and grab her pert tits, squeezing as she gyrated on my cock, coating me for what was to follow, perhaps – I'd like to think – enjoying a bigger tool inside her than what was on offer down below. She moved and moved, her hand arced round and clasping my thigh, holding me inside her as she wound up and up. 

She hadn't complained about my hands on her so I directed both of them to her tits, leaning forward to kiss her neck, the smell of her hair mingling with the anal scents that were plastered around my mouth and nose. 

I saw beyond her shoulder that her husband was jacking off, watching us. Lucky guy having this minx around the house, I thought.

Her gyrations got more pronounced – she seemed to be scooping as much of her mucus out of that pussy with my dick as she could – and then suddenly she pulled off me. She sat back on the guy led down on the bench, but her head was cocked sideways, trying to watch me slide in to her, anticipating, egging me on. 

I gently parted her cheeks and guided my glistening tool towards her hole. I pushed the head into it, nestling in her pungent warmth. It felt divine. She pushed back a little, seemingly hungry for more. Another inch disappeared. Pause. I checked she was OK, she said yes. I pushed more in but before I knew it I was all in and we held still. The tight, wet aromatic grip on my throbbing cock was out of this world. It was years since I'd had a girl in the ass, but this was something else. She was something else.

Eric

After she had guided me back inside her, I had the absolute pleasure of watching her face as the other guy pushed his cock in her ass. Her mouth went to make some unheard noise a few times, but each time pulled back, reshaping at the last moment to let out an urgent gasp. I could see his hands gripping her hips, I cupped her breasts. Finally he was all in, and I could feel him through some distant wall deep inside her sexual workings. We held still. She was breathing methodically, like she was trying not to hyperventilate. 

I felt the other cock twitch and move in her ass. I had been afraid for a while that I was going to cum too soon for her, and the sensation of another cock driving into her from behind was not going to help matters. Jane groaned. I whispered to myself, "Oh God I can feel him", the words escaping involuntarily. 

The other guy began to fuck her slowly, a few strokes in and out, gently. She began to move in response, and soon she was rising and falling on my own tingling cock again. She bent over a little, her hands gripping my shoulders. Hands appeared from behind her to clasp her breasts again. Her eyes were tightly shut, strands of hair were stuck in the corner of her open mouth as moans began squeezing out of her with each stronger thrust behind.
