 The craziest thing showed up in my email this morning. My close friend Karen sent it to me with no comment, just a link to the ad itself. The first odd thing about it was that she sent it to me around 3:00AM. The next odd thing was the content of the ad. It said that a married couple a few towns away was hosting an 'adult' hot tub party with a twist. Naturally, none of the people would know anyone else there, and the twist was that everyone would be wearing only a special blindfold.

According to the ad, this was made up of several layers of lace and nylon. This made it possible to see some very basic shapes, but not enough to identify people. The party was to take place in the host's house, and the house had been set up for limited visibility.

Karen and I had been friends for years, and while we had never spent any time together as a couple, we were there for each other's ups and downs. There have been a few times where I had asked her out but she turned me down each and every time, saying it was never 'the right time' or that she wanted it to 'be special' instead of a random hookup. I'm not really sure if she was interested in me as anything but a good friend, but I could have sworn I saw the signs she was doing her best to cover up. Intrigued with what she sent me, I was going to reply to her email, but decided to go see her instead; this is one answer I wanted in person.

Later that evening, I drove to her apartment with a bottle of her favorite rum. As it turns out that my timing was perfect. She had been at the casino all afternoon with her girlfriends and they had just dropped her off. Naturally, the only sober one of the group was the driver – and that was clearly not Karen.

After a tight hug, Karen softly pushed me back by my shoulders and stared at me. "Don't take this wrong Mark, I'm glad to see you, but what the hell are you doing here?"

Holding up the bottle, I said "Just felt like hanging out with you for a bit, isn't that OK? Got some glasses?"

She laughed and walked off towards the kitchen. "Sure, come on in. What kind of mixers do you want? Sorry I'm kind of not sober to start with, we were having a blast at the casino."

"That's fine with me, it just means I have to catch up with you!"

"Well you have a lot of catching up to do" she replied. "But if you're going to do that, you are going to have to stay here tonight. Any problems sleeping on the couch? Again?"

We laughed at that, seeing how one of us managed to do that at least once a month at each other's houses. We were friends, not lovers, so we got the couch instead of sharing a bed.

"You know better than to ask. Of course the couch is fine with me!" I replied, thinking once again how much nicer the bed would be.

Karen brought out our drinks and we sat on either side of the couch. After talking about her night for a little bit, I blurted out what I was thinking during a lull in the conversation.

"So I'm kind of confused with the email you sent last night. This sounds like an awesome party, are you going?"

A look of total confusion filled her face. "Um, sorry Mark, but I really don't know what you are talking about."

"Come on, stop playing around" I replied. "Late last night, you sent me a link to that hot tub party. Remember now?"

"No, I really don't. What was it about?" she asked, shaking her head. She really did sound as confused as she looked.

"Maybe you should check your 'sent items' folder in your email"

She reached for her laptop, and as she turned away it looked like she had suddenly gone pale and got a bit worried. She wouldn't look at me while the computer turned on, and she would hardly talk to me. Once she logged on she opened her email program and went to the Sent Items folder. Now there was no "looked like" about it, she was ghostly pale and her eyes got glassy.

"I'm so sorry Mark, I really should not have sent that email to you, I don't know what I was thinking."

"So does this have anything to do with you and Max breaking up? Isn't that what you told me you were doing last night?"

Karen sat silently, just staring at the screen. A few times she opened her mouth to talk but stopped before anything came out. Looking up at the wall across the room, she leaned back and picked up a throw pillow, hugging it to her chest.

"Now I remember, and this is going to sound really weird Mark. Please go get the rum and the soda bottles and bring them back here, we are gonna need it."

On my way back into the room she started talking, still not once looking at me.

"So ya, last night I broke up with Max like I told you I was going to do. He was an ass about it at first, but then he tried turning on the charm. We had not done anything remotely sexual for about a month since he never seemed to be interested. Well he was sure interested last night, and our clothes were coming off when I realized that he was just trying to get one last piece of ass before he was out of my life for good. I was so turned on just then, and needed sex so much just then, but I didn't want to feel used. So I kicked him out. I was not wearing much as I opened the door to kick him out, good thing no one was around!"

"Good for you" I nodded, "at last he is out of your life now and won't be causing any more problems with you and your family."

"Ya, I know. Now stop interrupting, I need to get this out. Yesterday morning, my sister said how perfect you were for me, and that I should be with you, but I told her we can't because we are good friends, and that would just be too weird. But after Max was out the door, that was all I could think about. Well, that and the good parts of Max I got to experience. So like any normal person on break-up day, I wanted to drown my sorrows in alcohol, so I sat around and drank while I was online. Because of what Max started, my libido was going crazy, and I started looking up 'hookup' ads online.

"Then that ad showed up, the one you saw. In my fuzzy brain, I came up with thoughts that I should not have, and apparently one of them was to invite you. Just goes to show you how wasted I was, right? My mind is not where it should have been, so I apologize for sending that to you. I actually did not remember until this afternoon after I got to the casino, so I didn't have a chance to warn you. I had actually convinced myself that it was just a dream. Mark, I'm SO sorry to have bothered you with that."

She still wouldn't look at me, her eyes were burning a hole in the wall.

"So what you're saying is that you don't want to go with me then?" I pressed.

When she didn't answer, I continued. "I came over here to find out why you would send something so unlike you. I would go in a heartbeat, but it didn't strike me as something you would normally say."

Now she looked at me. "Are you serious Mark? You DID read what it said, right? Are you sure you could do this and still have us remain friends?"

"Well ya, why not? I'm guessing that you wanted this as a way to release some tension, to get over Max, and to generally go have a blast doing something a little different, and with someone safe who knows how to shut up and not let your secrets out."

Karen stared at me, the corners of her mouth lifting up into a slow smile.

"Mark, you know exactly what I need. Well if we are going to do this, let's do it."

Getting back on the computer, she went to the ad. Damn, it was tonight, starting in about an hour. She sent off an email asking if there was still time to get in on this, listing her phone number as the contact.

After clicking 'send', she sat back and laughed out loud.

"You are such a bad influence on me! I never would have done this if you had not brought it up. Well, the drinks may have helped, but I still blame you!"

"Hey, I haven't even had half of my drink, so it's all you babe. Plus, I am still good to drive. Maybe you should go get ready to leave just in case we get a call back."

As soon as she stood up to go change, the phone rang. Her face turned bright red as she talked to whoever it was, and she hung up a few minutes later. Setting the phone down near me she quickly said "I'm going to shower quickly, be back in a minute. We need to hurry up and go."

During the ten minutes she was out of the room, I made myself useful by cleaning up the living room and kitchen a little bit. She came out as I finished loading the dishwasher. She grabbed her purse and then the back of my shirt. "Come on, Mr. 'Boyfriend-for-the-night', let's get out of here."

I laughed to myself on the way down to my car, but stopped when I realized what she said. After we got in and buckled up, she handed me the paper that she had written the directions on, and we were on our way out before I asked "So what's up with this 'boyfriend' thing?"

"Well the guy on the phone asked if I had a man that would be coming along, and I just said that you were my boyfriend. He said you were very understanding. So now I guess you are my 'very understanding boyfriend for tonight' then, right?"

She giggled as she finished saying that, which made me kind of nervous. "Ok 'girlfriend-for-the-night', I'll bite at the bait. Why is it that I am so understanding?"

"If you read the ad, it said this party is for couples, and it will be in the hot tub." I nodded 'yes' and she continued. "Well, he said that there will be a couple of re-mixing stages during the night, so we will actually be with other people at times. That's why you are my 'very understanding' boyfriend."

When I started to reply, she talked over me, and continued talking for the rest of the drive. This time, I didn't really mind since I wasn't sure how to take this. Regardless, I was in for one hell of a night of sex, and I was actually glad that I couldn't say anything. If I couldn't talk, then I couldn't say the wrong thing and take a chance on messing this up!

We got to the house just before the party was supposed to start. Karen had told me everything this guy had told her, so it was no surprise when we knocked on the door and it just opened for us. The dark black interior was slightly un-nerving, but that's what we had been told to expect. I was carrying a bag with some last-minute supplies, so I put my free hand on the small of Karen's back and we walked single-file through the door.

As expected, we found our host waiting and without a word we followed behind him through the dark hallway. She put her hand on mine and pulled me closer, pulling my arm around front. This pulled our bodies together, making it suddenly difficult to walk as I tried to concentrate on anything other than the feel of her ass cheeks against my cock.

We were led into a sitting room and our host turned to us, barely visible in the pale light from the other room. He was in a bathrobe, his face covered with a mask.

"Please take your clothes off now, and I will put your blindfolds on for you."

Karen looked at me oddly but turned away and started undressing. The look she gave me probably matched my own. We had never seen each other naked, but in light of the evening to come we were sure to have a lot more time to get used to each other's skin. I don't remember my clothes coming off, I was busy staring at her beautiful body revealed to me for the first time. It took every ounce of concentration I had for my cock to not stand at attention right then. That didn't work so well.

My eyes were still glued on her as the blindfold was slipped on. The host touched her shoulder to nudge her forward, and I followed as Karen again found my hands. He said "Follow me please" and we walked in the direction of his voice. I'm not sure if she slowed down on purpose or not, but I walked into Karen's back. Before she could react, I put my arms around her and we continued. There was no way now to hide how I felt. My cock was planted firmly between her ass cheeks, and I could have sworn she put an extra little swing in her hips. I noticed she clearly didn't mind since she pulled both my hands higher, placing them on her breasts.

"Why Mark" she whispered, her hand going between our bodies and grasping my cock, "I had no idea about this part of you, tonight should be fun."

There wasn't really a comment I could make just now. My mind was devoid of any thought other than the feel of her skin on mine. We almost fell as our host stopped and we walked straight into him. After a nervous giggle from Karen and a mumbled apology from me, he said to us "Here we are folks. You are the last to arrive, and we can get started now."

To everyone, he continued "My name is Roger, and as you know, I am your host this evening. My wife Lana will be helping out with some of the festivities, and you will meet her in some way or another soon enough. This house belongs to myself and Lana, and one of the rules that we enforce rigidly is that there is no fighting allowed. If there are signs that you are getting out of control, we will try to fix them, but if it can't be done quickly, you will be asked to leave. Any questions?"

Absolutely no noise could be heard.

"OK, good. Enough of the boring stuff. The first thing we will do is turn on the appropriate lighting and you can start getting comfortable in the tub. Lana and I will start bring some drinks out in a moment."

A dull light appeared and I could see three other couples standing near us. Just enough light got through our blindfolds for us to see shapes, but not quite enough to make out much in the way of identifying features besides the gender. It appeared that the eight of us were looking around the group, but since we all had similar blindfolds I'm sure no one could see much.

Turning to face Karen, I saw she was distracted and took the opportunity to try to look at her body again. The view was still enjoyable, just not quite as stunning as without the blindfold. Making my way back to her face, I saw her looking straight at me.  Busted! Well, tonight we were going to do a lot more than just look, but I still felt like I got caught doing something bad. As we were getting settled, some music started playing. There seemed to be speakers all around the hot tub, but it wasn't loud enough to interrupt conversation, just enough to prevent awkward silences.

Karen put an arm around my waist and pulled me close, resting her face on the hollow of my neck. "Mark, thanks for coming with me tonight. Remember, we are just friends, so please don't let this get weird, ok? We just both have an itch that needs scratching."

"Sure thing babe. If this doesn't scratch that itch, I don't know what will!"

She giggled and pulled me toward the tub. The water was the perfect temperature, and we slid in slowly, taking time to adjust to the heat. I put my arms up on the edge and laid my head back, closed my eyes, and let the bubbling water completely relax my body. Only a few seconds later, my eyes jerked open in surprise as I felt someone grab my cock. I had almost forgotten where I was!

I looked over to see that another couple had sat down on the other side of Karen, making her scoot closer. She started stroking my rapidly growing cock as she pressed her body into mine. "Don't get too excited mister, you still have a lot of time here." 

Whatever it was that my reply was going to be was cut short as Karen kissed me. Her free hand on the back of head, pulling my mouth tighter against hers. For what seemed like hours our hands went exploring each other's bodies, while our tongues danced together as we shared each other's breath. We were silent other than the random soft moans of enjoyment and lust.

Somehow mutually finding a stopping point we finally pulled apart, breathing deeply as we recovered from a bout of tonsil hockey. Someone off to the side cleared their throat and asked for our attention. Our hands still fondling the most exciting parts of the other one, we turned towards Roger's voice.

"All right everyone, nice to see you are getting comfortable here. From the supplies you each brought, I have made drinks for you. Karen and Mark, yours is the Rum&Coke, correct?"

"Yup, that's us" I replied.

Shocked to feel a neoprene covered sports bottle instead of a glass, I turned back to him. "Excuse me Roger, but what's up with the water bottles?

"Sorry folks, this is the best solution we could come up with for this evening. It's not quite as classy as cut crystal, but it's the most practical for tonight. They are insulated to keep the cold in, and keep the hot tub water AND temperature out. So please be sure to close the nozzle every time you are done drinking. You will be holding your drink in the water with you, so this will make sure we don't sit in vodka and drink chlorine."

He got the expected titter of laughs, then he handed out the rest of the drinks to the group. I could hear the tops popping open and closed as we got used to the feel of them. The noise level started to rise again, partially from talking but just as many sucking and smacking noises. Before everyone got carried away again, Lana spoke up.

"Hey, attention please. You all heard the drinks that were passed out, right?" Lana asked. "Is there anyone that does NOT like the drinks you have?"

"Well OK then" she continued, "it sounds like you are all fairly easy then. Well, at least in your drink choices... All right, let's get started. First of all, it is totally up to you whether or not you drink, and how much you drink. We don't want you saying we forced you to do this. We will start out with a game of 'Do You Know Your Partner?', and whenever you answer incorrectly, you will have to take a drink."

Roger spoke up again, saying "Ladies, please stand up and come with me. The first game is starting now. Guys, you stay put and Lana will get you ready shortly."

Karen got up and kissed me briefly. She stopped just before stepping out. "Babe, don't take this the wrong way, but I hope to lose a few rounds of whatever this is. My buzz is almost gone, and I want to go through with all this so I need to keep my inhibitions away."

As she walked away, I couldn't help but stare. As she went around the corner, I realized that she had a good point – a few drinks is fine, but being drunk or stone sober were both ways to make a mess of this evening. I made a mental note to go easy on my bottle.

Lana broke my train of thought by getting into the center of the hot tub and slowly spinning in circles. Her arms were out to the side, so as she turned her hands went across the laps of all us guys.

"Here's how the game works boys. It's kind of like the 'Who Is In Your Mouth' game we like to play with the ladies, but a bit different. Roger is getting the girls ready, so I need to get you ready. My job is different though, you will see in a sec. When the girls come back in the room, the lights in the tub will go out, and the room lights will go really dim. You will not be able to see anything but a vague shadow. The girls will walk into the tub and pick where they want to sit. The game is to know when your lady is sitting on your lap, and her job is to know when she's on the lap of her man."

One of the guys said "Well that seems kind of easy, what kind of game has so little challenge?"

"The part that makes it fun is that they will be turned around and they won't know where you are sitting. Speaking of which, all of you need to stand up too. Take your drink bottle in your left hand, turn to face your right side, and put your right arm up on the shoulder of the man in front of you. OK, good. Now slowly start walking around the tub. We just need you to move a few spots over, please try not to fall. Keep going, going, going, going.... OK, stop. Now turn to the center again, now sit down and get comfortable again."

Someone else piped up. "Ok, so neither us nor the women will have any idea who is where. So they just find a lap to sit on, how are we all supposed to guess?"
