 Ashley showered herself off when she got home from Rick's place. As she soaped off her chest she couldn't help but think of the hot jets of cum that had covered her just moments before. She was getting horny again thinking about the surging cock she had just held in her hands. It was as if she could feel the cum moving through his cock while she held it around its base and it burst into her mouth. She loved the taste and texture of his milky smooth cum. She had never felt like such a slut but the feeling of making that huge cock cum for her was such a turn on. Having an older guy with so much experience desire her like that! This must be how Hope feels all the time with guys staring at her. 

Her hands moved down and she began rubbing her lips with her right index finger. Her pussy was already moist from the dirty thoughts roiling her brain so it was easy to slip a finger in. She started moving faster and faster, rubbing the side of her clit, thinking about Rick's thick cock until the release came. 

Rick wasn't there in the window in the morning, leaving Ashley disappointed but not stopping her from dreaming about that hard cock again. 

Ashley met Lauren and Hope at school later. 

"How was your evening, Ash?" Hope asked, probing for hints of their email trick. 

"Pretty boring. I watched some Grey's and did homework, but I didn't sleep well." 

"Oh yeah, why not? Did you have a visitor?" Lauren hinted. 

Ashley thought to herself, there is no way I am telling these two about Rick. They will tease me mercilessly and someone will overhear. "No. Was I supposed to? 

Lauren chided her, "we thought maybe you figured out your neighbor was a hung stud and took advantage of the situation." 

"I didn't even see him last night or this morning. He either got freaked by your email asking if he lived next to Ashley or he was just some guy playing with himself in the morning. He never did say if lived next to me. Even if he is the guy, he is probably afraid I'll call the cops or something. " 

"No need to get defensive, Ash. We were just having a little fun." Hope assured her. 

Both Lauren and Hope were disappointed they guy didn't come out and talk to her. Or maybe Ashley was right, it was a different guy, and when he went outside, he walked up and said hi to some other random stranger. Lauren laughed to herself that some other woman ended up in conversation she never thought she would have on the street.

Saturday night at a party Lauren confronted Ashley again. 

"C'mon Ash, tell me the truth. Did your neighbor come outside and say hi to you or anything yesterday or Thursday? I mean, you watched him jerk off and he had to know you could see in." 

"Why do you keep asking about him? I told you I have never met him and have no idea if he is the guy online." 

Just then a slightly drunk Hope busted in between them. "Because Lauren and I sent him another message and told him to come outside and say hi to the girl walking down the street with a Wildcats backpack right after you left." Hope laughed sloshing beer on her arm. 

"You bitches! I can't believe you tried to set me up like that," Ashley covered. "I would have died if he came out and said something to me." 

Hope boasted in her tipsy state, "Too bad. Because I know if I had a cock like that next door I would be over fucking the shit out of it." 

Ashley shot back, "Bullshit Hope. You have had sex with like 3 guys and they were all the preppiest jocks in the school and one college guy. There is no way pretty little model Hope would just fuck some random guy off the Internet, big cock or not." 

"You don't know what I might do. I have done some pretty crazy shit at photo shoots." 

"Like what?" Ashley asked. 

"I let a photographer suck on my tits last month." Hope stated matter of factly. As if genetics hadn't benefited her enough, being nearly 19 and a few months more development vs Ashley and Lauren blessed her with a head turning body and attitude to match.

"Who?" Lauren and Ashley asked in unison. 

"I don't remember his name. He was cute for an older guy and I was doing some swimsuit shots for some car magazine. He asked me to take off my top and cover my nipples with my hands for the picture. I hadn't been 18 all that long so I hadn't done nude shots and I really wanted to be in the magazine so I did it. He kept telling me how hot my tits looked when I grabbed them. We did so many shots I got sick of holding my tits so I just dropped my hands. I mean this guy had probably seen a million boobs before. He told me I had the best tits he had ever seen. I felt so flattered. This guy was a pro and he said my tits were the best. He asked if he could touch them and I said sure. The next thing I know he has both hands on my tits and is sucking my nipples hard. He played with my boobs for a few minutes and then just went back to work. I was so horny I probably would have fucked him if he tried."

"You lie." Ashley countered. 

"I do not. Now that I'm 18 I do nude shots all the time for photographers. Just about every lingerie shot is basically a strip tease so I get really horny. Have you ever had a guy shave your pussy?" Hope asked pointing at Ashley and then Lauren. 

"No way." Both Lauren and Ashley said incredulously. 

"Yeah, I have. Before I learned to just keep it smooth I was doing a shoot last week and had some stray hairs sticking out of the underwear. I tried to clean it up using a mirror but couldn't get it so I let the photographer do it for me. Let me tell you, it is something to lay on your back and grab your legs behind the knees so some guy can get a good look at your pussy and asshole. He trimmed everything up for me and well let's say my mom almost busted us." 

"Your mom almost busted you getting your pussy shaved by a photographer?" Ashley asked. 

"Well sort of. Between his shaving and light touches and shooting under the hot lights all day I was all sweaty and horny. He said my pussy was so wet it looked shiny. I asked him what he could do about it and he started rubbing it with his thumb and eventually got down and started licking me. I kept holding my legs up to my chest and he went to town on my pussy. God it felt so good, he definitely knew what he was doing. Just as I was starting to really get going, the bells on the front door of the studio chimed, my mom was coming back. I had to jump up and run behind the changing curtain so my mom wouldn't see my naked ass. She was suspicious when she came in. I am sure the smell of sex was in the air and she has had plenty of experience in these shoots. She never left again for the rest of the day and I finished the shoot fully clothed."

"I can't believe what a little slut you are Hope." Lauren teased her. 

"You have no idea how horny I get having a guy just stare at my half naked or naked body and complimenting me for hours. It's not like I fucked a photographer, at least not yet." She smiled and winked at Ashley. "So I let a couple guys get me off more than anything. I got my pussy licked and I didn't have to do anything in return. I let a few guys feel my tits here and there but it gets me so horny. I usually just end up fingering myself in the dressing room." 

"You can get any guy at school anytime you are horny and you know it Hope." Ashley stated. 

"I don't want everyone to know what a horn dog I am and I don't want boys anymore. I miss having Rob for a boyfriend. Say what you want about him being a cheating womanizer but he knew how to get me off. Not like these high school boys around here fumbling around with my bra, barely spending any time with foreplay and cumming in 5 minutes. I'll take an older more experienced guy like Rob was every time." Hope declared. 

"Let's stop all this lamenting stupid guys and party. C'mon, it's Saturday night. Let's go get more beer and tease some of these boys." Lauren encouraged as she herded them back to the party. 

When Lauren crashed into her bed at home the room spun a little from all the beer she drank while laughing and talking with Hope and Ashley. Her mind drifted to Ashley and Hope's stories. She thought about Ashley's neighbor and imagined seeing a guy stroke a cock like that in plain view. She thought about Hope lying on her back, pulling up her knees to her chest so some photographer could lick her pussy. Lauren reached down and slowly slid her hand into her underwear. She teased her moist slit with her index finger thinking about getting licked like that. A couple different guys had attempted eating her pussy but they always quit too soon or where too tentative. She didn't just want light flicks or touches she wanted him to get his tongue in and probe her, feel the rough surface of his tongue on her clit. Hope was right. The 18 year olds her own age were tentative and unsure. They acted like just kissing her on her pussy was going to get her off. She didn't have very big boobs so the guys didn't even spend any time there frustrating Lauren. She may not have a chest like Hope but she still had very sensitive nipples and guys just ignored them. Lauren drifted off to sleep with her hand still in her underwear. 

Sunday night Lauren finished updating her MySpace page and checked her email account. She had one new message. It was from BigRick10! 

Lauren's mind raced as she finished reading the message. This Rick guy thought this was Ashley's email. That must mean the blow job guy is her neighbor and he must have gone out and met her on her way home last week. That little liar! She did meet him and must have done something with him. Why else would he write a message like this? 

Lauren grabbed her phone and called Ashley. 

"Hello" answered Ashley. 

"You lying tramp." Lauren greeted her. 

"What are you talking about?" asked Ashley innocently. 

"I just got an email from a certain BigRick10. Lauren read aloud, "Ashley, I am sorry I wasn't able to give you a show this weekend. I was out of town visiting friends. I hope you didn't think I just used you and was going to ignore you now. I really enjoyed our time together on Thursday and hope you did too! Would you like to come over again and try another round? It can be our little secret. Rick." 

Ashley was silent. Shit. Now Lauren knows about her little encounter. Finally she admitted, "Yeah, I met him. He was waiting on the street by his mailbox when I walked home. No thanks to your stupid email." 

"Well what happened? Is his cock really that big? You gotta tell me about it." 

"OK. Yes it is fucking huge; he said it is 9 inches long. And no I didn't have sex with him. I got a blow job lesson. I walked in and he told me to take off my shirt and sports bra because I probably didn't want to get cum on them. It seemed so professional. He went right in and started sucking my tits and I was getting really hot. His cock was already out so I stroked it while he played with my chest. I could hardly fit his cock in my mouth so he showed me how to use my hands to help get him off." 

"Did you swallow that whole thing?" 

"No, but I figured out how to relax a little and get more in my throat. The problem is it is so thick my jaw gets sore stretching open that much. I tried to swallow his cum shot but it was too much. Lauren it was like a gallon of cum or something. I mean it covered me and kept shooting in my face, hair, chest, everywhere. I understand why he had me take my shirt off. I didn't know anyone could cum like that." 

"So that is all he wanted? He didn't do anything else for you or try to have sex with you?" Lauren inquired. 

"He hinted at it but I felt so dirty I just wanted to get out of there and go home. I didn't even bother putting my sport bra back on. I just threw my tank on over his jizz and ran home quick for a shower. I was so sticky and gooey; thank God my mom wasn't home."

"Why didn't you tell me about it?" Pleaded Lauren. 

Ashley explained, "Are you kidding? You and Hope would never stop teasing me. Somebody at school would overhear and then the word would get out. That is all I need, everyone talking about how I went over to the neighbor guy's house and sucked him off one day after school. You can't tell anyone. Please Lauren, don't say anything." 

"Well you gotta answer a couple questions first." 

"What questions?" 

"Did you like it and are you going back?" "Are you serious?" questioned Ashley. 

"C'mon Ash. This wasn't some jerk groping your boobs in the backseat. This was a meeting with a real man, a hung one at that. You heard Hope. She said older guys are different; better at getting her off."

"Honestly?" Ashley whined.

"Yes, honestly." 

Ashley admitted, "It was crazy. I felt so horny holding that huge cock and feeling it surge when he came. I have always secretly loved the feel and taste of cum so getting covered like that was a huge turn on. I loved getting it rubbed into my skin and nipples. And Hope wasn't kidding about foreplay. His tongue was amazing on my boobs and neck. I have never been so horned up by just getting my boobs touched. Part of me just wanted to feel that huge cock in me but I was too scared. It is really big and I don't want to be a total slut." 

"So are you going back? I think it is pretty obvious he wants you to come back." Prodded Lauren. 

"I don't know. I like Tyler. You know the guy from St. Mary's that was at the party Saturday. I don't know if I should be out sucking some 30 year old guy's dick if I am trying to hook up with Tyler. Tyler is hot and he's a little more my style." 

"Well from what you said about this Rick guy he sounds like he has some kind of style you like." Lauren teased. 

"Lauren, I am not a total slut. I don't know why I did it. It just came over me." They both burst out laughing when they realized what Ashley had just said. "You know what I mean. I was kind of curious after seeing him in the window and then reading that online ad. I figured nobody would ever find out so I went in with him." 

Lauren made her own confession. "I know what you mean. After hearing Hope's stories and finding out about your little playtime I have been feeling pretty hot and bothered myself. All sorts of naughty thoughts have been crossing my mind." 

"Maybe Tyler has a friend we can set you up with." Offered Ashley. 

"Or you could introduce me to your neighbor." Lauren hinted hopefully. 

"Are you serious? You want me to just ring his doorbell and say, hi here's my friend? She's 18 too and wants your big dick!" Scoffed Ashley. 

"No. I'll email him and set up a time and you come with me so it isn't totally weird. You've already met him and well you know... so it won't seem as strange having you there." 

"You want me to just sit there and watch you give him a blow job?" Asked Ashley. 

"Well you can join in. You said he's huge, I am sure we can share it. It will be fun in a crazy, our little secret way. Nobody is going to know so we can practice and act a little stupid without worrying about some guy spreading it all over school. I am emailing him right now. How does Thursday night work for you Ash?"

"All right. I'll do it." Ashley reluctantly agreed. "Come over to my house after dark so nobody sees us sneaking over to his house." 

"All right. I'll email him and see you at school tomorrow." Lauren promised as she hung up the phone. Lauren quickly typed a message back to BigRick10 explaining she was Ashley's friend but the two of them wanted to come over on Thursday night around 7:30 for a little fun. 

She was already feeling a little horny so she started surfing the net for some free porn. Her search on big cock yielded a multitude of sites. She was captivated by the pictures of massive dicks penetrating the women and stretching their pussies out. Her favorites were the young women like herself cumming like crazy with an older guy. She used her middle finger to trace the outline of her own moist slit over her underwear thinking about feeling a big cock like the pictures. It wasn't long before she had her hand inside her panties quickly rubbing her first two fingers side to side stimulating her clit. One hand moved up pinching and pulling on her hard, bra less nipples through her t-shirt. She was getting hotter and hotter as the sweat started to break out from her furious hand movements. Two fingers slipped into her soaking canal immediately finding the spot just inside on the top that set her off. She let out a gasp as her blood boiled and she came. 

"Lauren! Get down here and do your chores!" Her mom yelled up to her. 

"Just a minute!" She countered. 

"Now young lady! I want the trash out and the dishes out of the dishwasher before you go to bed." Shouted her mom. 

Lauren ran down the stairs and into the kitchen. She grabbed the garbage out of the pantry and headed out the door and ran to the curb. It was after 10 PM and nobody was out on the street so she didn't mind running out in just her underwear and long t-shirt for the 10 second trip. The night air felt good on her flushed skin and damp t-shirt. She came back into the kitchen and started unloading the dishwasher. She was bent over grabbing the silverware when a voice startled her. 

"Oh my God. I am sorry. I didn't know." 

It was her older brother's friend, Larry. Lauren realized that she was bent over the dishwasher door pulling her t shirt up exposing her wet underwear covered ass and pussy. She immediately stood up and turned around. Her white t shirt was still damp from her masturbation sweat causing it to cling to her erect nipples. Lauren looked down and could see her hard nipples poking out like gum drops against the clingy t-shirt. Her small, upside down saucer sized, boobs where clearly outlined. Her hands instinctively moved up to cover her protruding nipples. She could feel her underwear had crept up between her butt cheeks and was stuck to her still wet pussy. It must have been quite a sight for Larry when he came into the kitchen. Thank God her shirt fell back down and covered her again when she spun around. 

"I didn't know you were in here. I just needed to put this glass in the kitchen on my way out the door." Larry nervously said as he handed her the glass. 

"Well I didn't think anyone was still up let alone one of Eric's friends being over." Lauren explained as she reached for the glass exposing one erect nipple again. 

Larry's eyes never met her own as he took in her scantily clad body and wished her good bye. "Well I gotta get going. Don't be a stranger Lauren. It was good seeing you again." 

"I bet it was." She laughed, noticing he turned around and snuck another glance at her as he walked back toward the living room. 

Lauren finished up in the kitchen and went back upstairs to her room. She had totally forgotten Eric was home from college already. His semester ended a few weeks before her high school graduation. Eric was 5 years older than Lauren and a career student at the local college. His friend Larry had been his roommate during freshman year and had come over to the house a few times during breaks. Eric's parties were a great place to meet college guys the few times he actually let her come over. Her friend Hope had dated a roommate of Eric's for a few months earlier this year but broke it off when she found him in bed with another girl. Hope still bitched about it but she had known he was cheating on her the entire time. Lauren speculated Hope just liked being able to tell people she had a 24 year old boyfriend. Well that, and according Hope's recent confessions, the sex was pretty good. 

Lauren had to check her email once before going to bed. Sure enough a message from BigRick10 waited for her. It was a go! He said he looked forward to meeting one of Ashley's friends. Lauren drifted off to sleep hoping everything worked out for her own sexual experiment on Thursday. 

Ashley waited nervously in her room Thursday after school. Lauren was coming over at 7 and then they would head next door for what seemed like a crazy idea. She couldn't believe she agreed to it but now she didn't want to chicken out in front of Lauren. Plus, she knew he was waiting next door. She must have changed clothes 10 times trying to figure out what to wear. Not that it mattered much she knew, because in the end she would probably just take it off anyway. She decided to keep it simple. She put on a pair of her tight running shorts and a tank top again. This time she skipped the bra all together. She wouldn't want to put it on again after hopefully getting a nice cum load on her boobs. Ashley also liked the way she looked in the tight tank with no bra. Her C cup chest was firm enough that her boobs didn't really sag and the fabric was just tight enough to give some support. She wanted her tits to look hot so Rick would suck and play with them like last time. 
