 Warnings: this flight of fancy includes racial stereotypes, objectification of a woman, and a variety of bodily fluids. 

***** 

It was a bit of a rush to get ready and meet Tyrone on time. Once Tahrima had dropped her little boy off at school she had just two hours to stop by the chemists' and return home to shave her pussy, take a quick enema, do her makeup and dress. Not to mention dispose of the enema kit and all other evidence. 

She wore the beautiful blue-and gold abaya that she had only used once for her cousin's wedding, with a pure white hijab and matching shoes and purse in white with blue trim. Under the abaya she wore nothing but a pair of nearly transparent mesh panties. She would have gone entirely without underwear, but Tyrone had been specific: panties and no bra. 

On the final check of her makeup she decided to make her lips a brighter red. Tyrone would like that. As she applied the lipstick she she mused that all this preparation made her feel like an expensive hooker getting ready for a client, and idly wondered how much she could charge. Lastly she wore a long coat to cover most of the abaya. She didn't want any neighbors that saw her leaving wondering why she was so dressed up today. 

When Tahrima met up with Tyrone, instead of getting in the car he told her to park in the garage at the corner. Tahrima did as he said and as she walked back from the car park she saw him looking her over over from head to foot. He gave a small smile of approval that made her heart jump. 

"I have some special plans for today. We're going to the Hotel Megaro at King's Cross. There's no parking around there, so we'll take the tube." 

"That sounds nice, but isn't that a lot of money for just a few hours? I have to pick up Ka'im at 3pm." 

"Don't you worry about that, pretty thing. I've got some surprises for you. And don't ask me any more questions. Today you you call me master, I call you whore, and you don't ask questions. Got that, my pretty little whore?" 

Tahrima's heart jumped again at the word "whore." She took a deep breath, and answered: 

"Yes, master." 

"Good girl." 

He leaned down to kiss her, pushing his tongue into her mouth and reaching around to grope her ass. She closed her eyes and happily let him do as he would, even as she wondered who might see them and remark on the sight of a hijabi being snogged and groped in the tube entrance at mid-day. It made her heart pound and her pussy moisten. 

It was only a few stops and then a short walk to the hotel. Tyrone directed her straight to the elevator. It was quite small, and another man stepped in just as Tyrone was pushing the button for the 3rd floor. The third passenger was another black man, not as tall as Tyrone, but with broad shoulders and massive arms. The combination of muscular build, short hair shot with gray, a well-tailored suit, and dark glasses gave him the look of a secret service agent from the movies. 

Tahrima felt tiny between the two men in the claustrophobic space of the elevator. She kept her eyes fixed on the indicator lights as the elevator stopped on the second floor. A cleaning woman got in and they all shifted a bit to make room. But as Tahrima took a half-step back, she felt a hand between her and the back wall. 

The secret-service lookalike had his hand on her ass! Tahrima tried to move away, but was already pressed against Tyrone. She was paralyzed with disbelief. A complete stranger was groping her with Tyrone standing right there. The doors opened onto the third floor and Tahrima bolted out, rudely pushing past the cleaner to get away. Tyrone followed, but before the elevator closed again the stranger stepped out too! 

Tyrone looked at the stranger, and smiled broadly. The stranger started chuckling, and Tyrone started laughing. Tahrima understood, and was so angry she stammered: 

"Y..y..you b...b" 

"Careful what you say little whore, this is my old friend James" 

said Tyrone, sounding dead serious. The shock of being called whore in front of the stranger was like a slap to the face. Tahrima blushed furiously. She looked around, and was relieved to see nobody else in the hall. 

"James is in town on business, and I promised him a little diversion. Now you're going help me show my friend a good time, aren't you, my pretty whore?" 

Tahrima blushed even more, kept her eyes fixed on the floor, and answered in a shaky voice. 

"Y...Yes, of course" 

"Yes, what?" 

"Yes, master" 

James chuckled and said 

"Oh, she calls you master? Damn, she's so young, she could be my daughter. I think she should call me Daddy." 

"You hear that, little whore?" 

"Yes, master. Y...yes, Daddy." 

James stepped closer and started unbuttoning her coat. Tyrone just watched as James undid the coat to expose the blue abaya, slid a hand into the coat, ran his hand over Tahrima's chest, and found a nipple through the thin cloth. He pinched it lightly, then hard enough to make Tahrima gasp. 

"Let's go to my room" 

James led them to the end of the hall, opened the door, and ushered his guests into a bright spacious room overlooking the Kings Cross station. A wide bed occupied most of the room, but there was also a small couch, a little round table, and a chair. On the table were two ice buckets, one covered and the other holding an open bottle of champagne, three glasses and a small bottle of crème de Cassis. 

"Please, take off your coats, sit down and let me pour you a drink." 

As they took of their coats, James poured a little of the purple Cassis syrup into one glass and filled all three with champagne. He handed the pink-tinted drink to Tahrima and a plain glass Tyrone. 

"Oh, thank you, but I don't drink alcohol" 

Tyrone answered: 

"Don't be rude to our host, whore. Don't pretend you're a good muslim wife gives a damn what's halal or haram. You're a cheating slut here to suck our cocks and swallow our cum so you can damn well drink a glass of champagne. Or would you rather just go home? Your choice girl, do you want to get fucked or are you going home?" 

There was a long silence, then Tahrima tried a sip. It was quite nice, a sparkling blackberry-scented drink that was just a little bit sweet, so she took a couple of swallows. 

"That's my girl. What do you say to our host?" 

"Thank you, Daddy." 

"You're welcome little girl. Now sit down, and relax a bit. Let me and Tyrone catch up a bit, I only get to see him on these business trips. We met at a gym where I used to work out some years ago, while Tyrone was doing a job there. " 

Tahrima listened whiled the two chatted about old times, sipped her drink, and watched James as he shucked off his jacket, loosened his cuffs and collar, and removed his tie. She guessed he was around fifty years old, and of only average height, but he might be the most heavily muscled man she had ever seen up close. He had the proportions of a professional body builder, so it was not surprising Tyrone had met him in a gym. He was also one of the darkest black men she had ever seen. 

James filled all their glasses again, and started asking Tyrone how he knew Tahrima, and how their affair had started. He was amazed to learn they were neighbors, that Tahrima and her husband were both from conservative Pakistani families and mosque attendees, and that Tyrone had been fucking this Muslim housewife for over a year. They spoke about her as if she was not present. 

"You don't actually pay this whore for fucking her, do you" 

"No, of course, not she just loves the cock, man!" 

"So, she's not actually a whore, she's a slut, right?" 

"True enough, but I like calling her a whore, and it turns the kinky bitch on. You know the saying, treat duchess like a whore and the whore like a duchess, right?" 

"Which one is she?" 

"Oh she's definitely a duchess, which is why I treat her like a whore." 

Tyrone got quite graphic in describing the first time he had lifted her abaya, how she kept her pussy perfectly shaved just for him, the first time he had fucked her in her marriage bed, and the first time he had fucked her ass. Tahrima was blushing again, but also smiling. The drinks had helped relax her, and the dirty talk and good memories were turning her on. She could feel her pussy moistening and had her hand on Tyrone's thigh, moving back and forth. She looked up at James, and gave him a come-hither smile when he looked back at her. Hijabis know how to do a come-hither look like no western girl can. 

It was Tyrone who took the next step. 

"I think it's time for me to show you what a fine piece of ass she is" 

Tyrone stood up an took one of Tahrima's hands to lead her to a floor-to-ceiling window overlooking Kings Cross station. He deliberately placed her left hand on the windows at about should height, then took the champagne glass from her and placed to other hand similarly. Then he knelt down to pick up her left foot, gently took the shoe off, rubbed the sole of her foot a little, and placed that foot on the floor about two feet back from the window. He did the same with the right foot, placing it back and across so she was forced to lean on the windows with her legs nicely spread, and then put the half-full glass to her lips. 

"Drink up, beautiful" 

The compliment made her tingle and she drained the glass happily. A part of her mind understood that the alcohol was affecting her, making her more easily accept this strange situation and that was fine with her. Her pussy was in control now and more than anything she wanted to be fucked. 

Standing close between her spread legs with the front of his pants rubbing up against her ass, Tyrone leans in to inhale her scent. His hands go to her hips and slide up the thin abaya to her breasts. He spends a few seconds mauling her generous tits and licking the back of her neck, then reaches down to grasp the hem of her abaya. He pulls slowly up until he can get a hand onto her bare stomach, and slides that hand into her panties. 

Tahrima groans loudly as fingers part her labia. James can hear wet squishing sounds and he laughs. Tahrima is watching the busy roads fifty feet below, wondering if anybody will look up and see her leaning against the window with this man's hand between her legs. 

Tyrone rubs his cock against Tahrima's abaya and says into her ear: 

"You want it bad, don't you slut? Don't worry, there are two hard cocks in the room and you are going to get fucked in all three holes. Go, on tell us what you want." 

"Oh yes, master, please fuck my mouth, fuck my ass, fuck my slutty Muslim cunt," 

He lets go of the back of her abaya but keeps two fingers in her pussy and pull her head back so he can kiss her while she remains spread-eagled against the window. She feel the tug of what must be James' hands behind her and then gasps at the sound of fabric tearing. She jerks away from the window but Tyrone's big hand on the back of her neck and tongue in her mouth keep her pinned in place. 

James' strong hands methodically tear the abaya off her body, leaving her exposed to the window in nothing but her hijab and transparent panties. He kneels behind her, pulls the panties aside, spreads her ass-cheeks with his thumbs and jams his tongue into her anus. That makes her scream, but it is muffled by Tyrone's tongue in her mouth. Now Tyrone has two fingers in her pussy working in and out, and each push in also pushes James' tongue into her ass. It takes less than a minute of that treatment for her to reach her first orgasm of the afternoon, right in front of the hotel window. 

Tyrone and James both let go of her and for a moment she remains panting against the window. Her legs feel weak. She looks down between her feet and sees spots of her pussy juice on the carpet. She looks at the people moving on the sidewalks below and spots a small group standing still, and suddenly realizes there is one arm lifted in her direction. 

"Ty...uh..Master. Master, Daddy, there is somebody down there pointing at me." 

"Don't worry about that that little girl. Leave the window and come show James how a good paki girl sucks cock." 

That makes her smile. 

Tahrima is relieved to push away from the window and turns to see James sitting naked at the foot of the bed. The sight of this incredibly muscular, jet-black man's body thrills her and she gladly kneels before him to take hold of his cock. It's not huge, larger than her husbands but definitely smaller than Tyrone's. Like many body builders, James shaves much of his body so his balls are hairless and glossy black. The shaft is smooth and warm and she can feel him getting harder with each stroke of her hand. 

Tahrima flips a loose end of her hijab over her shoulder, looks up into James' face and lowers her mouth to his balls as she slowly strokes the shaft. James tilts his hips so she can get her mouth around a testicle. He smells faintly of something reminiscent of cloves. 

"Oh man, I can't believe this perfect paki housewife has my balls in her mouth. Man, from now on whenever I see a hijabi I am going to thinks of these lips around my cock." 

Behind Tahrima, James gets undressed and then turns to the side table where he takes the cover off the second ice bucket. Instead of ice, it contains a three-lobed silicone butt plug and a small bottle of sex lubricant, floating in hot water. He takes them out, wipes them dry on the rags of Tahrima's abaya, spreads lube over the plug, The plug is noticeably warmer than body temperature in his hand. His cock has grown to it's full eight inches, but is not yet hard and hangs slack. 

Tahrima feels Tyrone tugging at her panties and eagerly lifts one knee, then the other so he can remove them, leaving her naked but for the hijab. She spreads her knees and arches her back in anticipation of a cock or fingers while keeping her mouth and hands moving on James. But she freezes for a moment when she feels the first lobe of the butt plug touch her asshole. Her eyes go wide at the sensation of heat when Tyrone pushes two lobes in. She closes her eyes and she squeals around James' cock as the last and largest node stretches her anus. 

James chuckles. 

"Just getting you warmed up, darling." 

Tyrone is standing the bed now, tugging on Tahrima's hijab. She turns to take his cock in her mouth and right hand, while keeping her left on James. James stand up from the bed so she is now kneeling between two big, naked men with a shiny black cock in each hand. She is working hard now, trying to stroke both at once and alternating a few bobs of her mouth on each, spreading as much saliva as she can to wet the two hard black poles. Tyrone takes hold of her hijab and holds her head still. He is almost fully hard now and he deliberately pushes into the back of her throat until she starts to gag. Her hand spasms on James' cock as her chest heaves, trying to breathe. Then Tyrone lets go, and Tahrima gulps in air. 

Tyrone picks Tahrima up by the arms and sits on the side of the bed so Tahrima deposited knees on the bed, straddling his lap. He leans back a bit and just gestures downward with his chin. Tahrima, hands on his shoulders, lowers herself down to the erection his is holding upright so she can slide right onto it. Tahrima keeps going, closing her eyes to focus on the sensation of his cock filling her vagina, until he is all the way in, then opens her eyes again. Tyrone nods up and down, so Tahrima starts moving up and down, fucking herself on his immobile dick. 

After a minute or two of letting Tahrima do the work, Tyrone slip a hand into the space between her neck and the hijab, taking hold of the back of her neck, and pulls her down with him as he lies back on the bed. Now he takes over the fucking, slowly pushing his cock in and out of her. He pulls her face to his and kisses her deeply, fucking her mouth with his tongue and her pussy with his cock in synchrony. 

That's when Tahrima feels James' hand on her ass. 

She feels his fingers take hold of the butt plug and wiggle it a little. That makes her eyes open. He slowly pulls two bumps out, pushes one bump back in. That makes her moan into Tyrone's mouth. Tyrone pulls back a little and smiles an evil smile at her. James yanks the plug out completely, making her gasp in surprise. Next she feels the weight of James on the bed, and then his cock resting in the crack of her ass. 

"Tell me little slut, do you want some more black cock?" 

"Oh yes, Daddy, I'm a greedy little girl and I want it all." 

"Where am I going to put this now, baby girl?" 

"In my ass, Daddy, please, fuck my ass." 

Her ass is still open and slippery from the plug, and James is not as big as Tyrone. His cock pushes in more easily than she expects but it is still an incredible sensation to have two cocks stuffed into her at once. Tyrone is holding still for the moment, and James starts a slow fucking movement. Tahrima feels a sense of pride that she can please both these big men at once, and actually thinks for a moment that she wishes her husband could see her like this. 

With his big hands on her hips and his cock deep in her ass, James starts using his hips move her up and down on Tyrone's dick. Each upward thrust of Jame's cock pulls Tahrima partway up off Tyrone and each time James eases pressure her pussy is filled again. He is using his cock in her ass as a kind of handle to fuck her up and down on Tyrone's dick. The upward thrusts each feel like they are stretching her anus impossibly wide. 

"Oh, oh, oh Allah, that hurts! You're tearing me in half, oh, mercy!" 

Tahrima is surprised that James actually does stop. But then Tyrone's hips start moving, slow at first, and it is soon a jackhammer motion that is making obscene wet noises and shaking her whole body. At the same time James has his hands on her tits, kneading and squeezing them roughly. 

Tahrima knows Tyrone well enough to know he's about to come, and the anticipation pushes her over the edge too. They both groan and spasm at the same time, and Tahrima slumps limp on Tyrone's chest. Amazingly, just for a moment, she's forgotten the cock in her ass. Now James starts fucking her again, and for some reason it's unlike any ass fuck she has felt before. There's no pain and an astounding sensation of pure pleasure in the feeling of James sliding in and out of her rectum. She is moaning loudly each time he pulls back, and has another shuddering orgasm just before James groans and spurts his semen into her. 

It's quiet in the room for a while after that. Tahrima, unused to the alcohol, falls asleep. The men get off the bed and open another bottle. They chat in low voices, and occasionally just silently admire the naked, sweaty, beauty on the bed. Tahrima eventually is roused by their voices, but does not open her eyes right away. She lies in the bed, enjoying the sensation have having been well fucked. She knows the men are looking at her, and deliberately spreads her legs to improve the view and slips a hand down to lazily finger her own pussy. 

"Ah, look at that, this horny slut is ready for more." 

"Man, look at the cum dripping out of her" 

Then Tahrima she realizes she needs to pee. She gets off the bed, still wearing only her hijab, and staggers into the bathroom. It's a spotless glowing white space with a strangely styled square toilet and a large glass shower stall. She is sitting on the toilet when James walks in, gets in the shower, and starts the water. Tahrima is horrified he's in there watching her sit on the toilet and gets up to leave but James opens the shower stall to block her path and beckons her to join him. 

"Come join me, baby girl." 

"But Daddy, I need to pee!" 

James laughs, grasps her wrist in an iron grip, and pulls her into the shower stall. He pull the hijab roughly off her head, leaving a burning sensation on the side of her neck and suddenly Tahrima feels weirdly ashamed to have her head uncovered. Never mind that he just fucked her ass and his semen is still oozing down her leg, never mind that minute ago she was spreading her legs so he could watch her finger herself, the removal of her head covering suddenly makes her feel truly naked and she automatically turns her back to James while hiding her face in her hands and crossing her legs. 
