 **As a reminder: All characters are 18 or older.**

Ashley left Starbucks with Tyler and headed to his house to watch a movie. She rode in silent anticipation of having some alone time with Tyler. They had been dating for about a month now and were finally past all the graduation parties and family events and into the summer. Tyler was a great guy and treated Ashley very well but he was also frustrating. Ashley had been extremely horny lately; she hadn't had any sexual contact since that night at Rick's when she and Lauren had briefly experimented with him. Tyler seemed so shy around her and since they had rarely been alone they hadn't went past second base. For an 18 year old guy he sure kept a check on his hormones. The worst part was hearing Lauren and Hope talk about their dates all spring since graduating high school and hearing how hard it was to keep the guys out of their pants on the first date. Ashley looked down at her skimpy top and short skirt figuring there was no way Tyler would be able to keep his hands off of her in this outfit. The low cut top barely covered her C cups and the push up bra gave her some nice cleavage as she almost spilled out of the top. 

They arrived at Tyler's house and headed toward the basement, it was 10 o'clock, Tyler's unfortunately early curfew but at least she didn't have a set time to be home. She plopped down on the couch and grabbed a blanket to throw over them in the cool basement air as Tyler turned on the TV and put on a movie. Ashley wasn't interested in any movie, she wanted to make out and hopefully a little more. Tyler sat near her and obliged her first wish. They made out steadily for 10 minutes but his hands remained on her arms, back and hips. Ashley's tits ached for his touch, her hard nipples begged to be tweaked and licked but to no avail. She even started rubbing his crotch and could feel he was definitely hard but he repositioned himself so she couldn't keep stroking him over his loose fitting shorts. 

Finally she asked, "What's wrong?"

"Nothing," he replied.

"C'mon," she begged, "you barely touch me and you won't let me anywhere near your dick. Do you not like me or something?"

"No, I mean yes I like you, and no it's not that I don't, but it's... it's that I signed a pledge that I wouldn't have sex with anyone till I was married. Everyone at our school did it, and my parents are always reminding me that I should wait. And honestly, I don't know if I can, especially with you dressed like that and kissing me and rubbing me and well... you know."

As if on cue, Tyler's mother shouted downstairs, "Tyler it's going to be 11 o'clock soon and I think Ashley probably needs to get home. I'll drive her so you don't have to drive this late."

"Yeah, in a minute Mom! We'll be right up," he called out to her.

Ashley's mind swore, "Dammit. His over protective Mom and worrying about getting her home by 11 o'clock. Like her Mom would even be home when she got there. Of all the hot guys in the world I have to date I have to try and hook up with a guy destined for the priesthood thanks to his parents."

They trudged up the stairs and Ashley threw her jacket on as Tyler's Mom eyed her cooly. "Tyler honey, why don't you stay here so I can have a talk with Ashley on her way home?" You go to bed and I'll see you in the morning," she ordered Tyler.

Ashley couldn't believe he put up with this; it would drive her crazy if her mom treated her like a child instead of an 18 year old adult who was finally out of high school.

The car ride was painful as there was no music and Tyler's mom never said a word despite her comments to Tyler as they left. She stared straight ahead, focused on road, with occasionally glances over at Ashley's legs, her displeasure evident. As she pulled to a stop in front of Ashley's house she looked directly at Ashley, who was just opening the door and about to say, "Thanks" and announced, "I don't want you seeing Tyler anymore." 

Ashley started to protest but was quickly cut off. 

"You dress like a tramp, don't think I haven't noticed the skirts and what you call a blouse. It's bad enough men's eyes follow you everywhere but I see how my son looks at you. I realize the temptation you and your little friends like that Hope girl you run around with represent. Well my son is not going to get caught up in some tawdry affair or pregnancy or who knows what else you girls are into before he even goes off to college. I'll thank you kindly to never call again or bother my son again. Goodnight now and please don't slam the door."

Ashley's mouth hung open and tears welled up in her eyes as the woman berated and insulted her. Wordlessly she got out and slammed the door with all her might just as Tyler's bitchy Mom pulled hastily away. 

Her house was dark as expected; the note on the kitchen counter told her Mom was spending the night at her boyfriend's house yet again. Ashley was glad to have the house to herself, she was in no mood to deal with her Mom's prying questions or explain her tears. The tears had basically stopped now and were replace with anger, "Who was that bitch to tell me what to wear and who to see," she thought as she whipped off her silky top and threw it on the floor into her messy pile of clothes. She looked in the mirror and posed seductively before dropping her skirt and kicking it off her foot. Reaching around behind her, she unclasped her bra, letting it slide down her arms, appreciating the removal of the constriction of her breasts. She always hated that bra, it felt so tight pushing her breasts together, but it made her look hot she thought, even if Tyler ignored her or his Mom bitched her out. 

She strode back downstairs, wearing just her underwear, letting her firm tits sway as she opened the refrigerator. Grabbing the box of wine she poured herself a giant full glass, knowing her mom would never notice. She plopped down on the sofa and began flipping through the channels and quickly sipping her wine. She stopped on a bedroom scene on what must have been Cinemax judging from the poor acting and gratuitous nudity. If Tyler's mom thought she dressed like a slut and was a bad influence then she could... she could..., Ashley burst out laughing thinking about what that bitch would think seeing her lounging nearly naked on the couch drinking wine and watching soft core porn. 

As the couple on TV rolled around the bed and passionately kissed and caressed while they pretended to have sex, Ashley's mind wandered back to her last encounter with Rick. She had thought about it a lot during the first couple weeks after, but had lately pushed it out of her mind since she spent so much time with Tyler and running from party to party. She really hadn't even been alone with Lauren since then but things seemed O.K. between them during their brief encounters at graduation parties. 

She felt the return of the familiar warmth and tingling in the pit of her stomach as she remembered his hands on her and the desire for her in his voice as she sucked his cock. "God," she thought, "I am so fucking horny right now." She was almost done with her second full glass of wine and had just started to run one finger up and down the front of her silky panties when she saw the backyard light up slightly. 

Sneaking over to the patio door she looked out and noticed that Rick's back deck lights were on, he must have just turned them on when he got home. A wicked thought crossed her mind, "If Tyler's Mom thinks I am a slut, maybe I will be, maybe I'll find a man who can fuck me like her son won't." She slammed the last of her wine and ran upstairs to get changed. 

She looked around until she found the shortest jean skirt she owned. It was a couple years old and since she grew a little it made the hemline ridiculously short, maybe a third of the way down her thigh toward her knee. After wearing that push up bra all night she wasn't going to be bothered with that again and looked for a top that didn't require any support or soft fabric. She settled on a white halter top that tied around her neck. Slipping on flip flops she headed down the stairs and out the back patio door. The night had certainly cooled off as her nipples instantly popped out before she even made it off her own deck. 

She could see Rick sitting on a chair with his back to her as she approached. Wordlessly she snuck up behind him before jumping forward and grabbing his shoulders, "Gottcha!" she yelled.

Rick jumped, spilling beer on his shirt. "Holy shit Ashley! You scared the crap outta me," he said sitting up and shaking the excess beer from his hand. "What are you doing out here?"

"I was sitting at home having a glass of wine when I noticed your lights come on so I thought I'd stop by and see what you were up to. I hope it's O.K." 

"Yeah, no problem," his eyes quickly wandered down her body before he continued, "I just got home from dinner. My friend Matt is in town for the weekend and well...here he is now." Rick explained as the patio door opened a blonde haired shirtless man emerged. 

When Matt noticed Ashley standing there he paused with his T shirt around his arms just as he was about to put it on over his head. "Who is this lovely lady?," he asked as he he too eyed her body from head to toe, pausing at her rather obvious bra less chest and protruding nipples before holding her gaze until she looked away almost embarrassed. 

"Shit," Ashley swore to herself. She didn't expect Rick to have a guest and she saw her plans slipping away. "I'm Ashley, I live next door," she stated holding out her hand for his.

Matt dropped the shirt back down and extracted his hand, giving a fairly good shake causing her rather free breasts to jiggle under the loose fitting top. "I'm Matt. Nice to meet you." He held her hand for just a little too long as he stared at her before commenting, "I suppose I should finish changing my clothes before coming outside. Especially if there are young ladies about." 

"Not at all. I don't mind," Ashley laughed. His abs were well defined and his broad shoulders tapered nicely to his waist. Matt wore jeans and no shoes or socks, coupled with his dirty blonde hair and tan skin he could have just stepped out of a beach ad in a magazine. 

"Fine with me," he laughed and tossed his shirt over the arm of his chair before sitting down. 

Ashley moved over to sit on the bench near Rick, across from Matt and crossed her legs at the knee, letting her skirt ride very high on her thighs. "So what are you two doing tonight?"

Rick started, "We went out for some great steaks and drinks and were just planning on chilling out here for awhile, catching up and such. What are you doing out looking so sexy this evening?"

"I went on a date that didn't go very well," she looked across at Matt who was clearly looking straight at her crotch, "so...," she continued, "I had a couple glasses of wine and thought I'd see what you had going on over here." She fidgeted a little as Matt's eyes caught hers briefly as he gave her a tight lipped smile as if he knew all about her story. His light blue eyes were mischievous as he plainly drifted back down her and focused on her legs again. Ashley unconsciously re-crossed her legs out of nervous habit not thinking about the brief flash she gave him of her white panties. Matt smiled as he took a sip from his drink.

"I can't imagine a date not going well with you Ash." Rick countered. He was well aware of her skimpy clothes and figured she came over here for a reason, especially after not seeing her for nearly a month. "I need to get another drink, I'll get you one if you come downstairs and pick something out from the bar." 

Ashley stood, following Rick to the basement where he found a bottle wine and poured a glass for Ashley. He watched her take one full sip before slipping the glass from her hand and pulling her tight against him. Ashley could already feel the heat climbing her body as she anticipated Rick's next move. "So why did you really come over tonight," he asked.

"I was lonely and was hoping you might be too..." she trailed off feeling his hands slip down from her waist to her ass, pulling her even tighter to him as she slipped her arms around his neck. "But I didn't know you had company, I can go home if you want. I mean I know you have to entertain your friend."

"It's O.K.," Rick explained, "He can take care of himself, and he knows why you're here." Rick bent down and began kissing Ashley's neck as he slid on hand under her skirt and began caressing her ass. 

She laughed, pulling away, "Are you sure. I mean he is right upstairs."

"Who cares," Rick laughed, dropping his pants and stepping out of them. "He's fine up there, and I don't care if he peeps a little. Now come here," he said holding out his hand.

Ashley stared at Rick's still flaccid cock hanging down. It still looked big even soft as it hung down at least 6 or 7 inches. Her mind raced, sure she was horny as hell and wanted to feel Rick's big cock again but she was nervous about the guy upstairs. She pictured Matt staring at her crotch and knew he would find a way to sneak down here and watch but part of her didn't care. She admitted to herself that Matt was definitely hot, who cares if he watches her with Rick, it's not like she didn't feel a little flattered that he wanted to see her in action. Just then Rick stepped forward and ran both hands down her arms and then back up her torso, squeezing a handful of each breast. "Damn Ashley, you have fine tits. Do you want me to suck them like last time?" He leaned in close, "or do you just want to suck on my cock again?"

Wordlessly, she reached down and pulled the top off over her head, exposing her tits and reaching forward to stroke his cock with one hand. Rick wasted no time in leaned down to kiss each nipple tenderly before grabbing one handful and letting his lips clamp down on the entire areola, teasing the hard nipple with his tongue. Ashley leaned her head back and ran a hand into his hair holding his face to her chest. "Finally," she thought to her earlier aching in her chest as she wished and wished Tyler would have just pulled her top down and touched her, licked her, anything. Her other hand continued stroking Rick, feeling his length and girth increase with every second. Slipping to her knees she looked up at his massive erection sticking straight out while she continued stroking now with her other hand. 

"You been practicing?" Rick asked.

Ashley shook her head no but pulled his straight cock down to allow her to slide it down her throat as she came back up. Her mouth stretched as the thickness increased as more and more slid inside. Finally reaching about 2/3rds of his shaft she pulled back off, "How's that?," she asked smiling. 

"Fucking fantastic." Rick replied encouraging her to continue.

Ashley smiled at his comments, thinking about how wet she was getting despite still being a little nervous about coming over here like this and throwing herself at Rick. "I have an idea," she blurted out while still looking up at him and stroking his now fully hard and slick cock. "I was wondering if you would do something for me," she asked innocently.

"Sure, anything," he replied, "just don't stop now."

Ashley smiled at his obvious desire and gave him a few more long slow deep throated sucks before continuing. "Well... remember when you offered to you know... go down on me?"

"Yeah of course. I'd do it anytime for you honey, just say the word."

"Well how about right now?" she asked as she stood up and began wiggling out of her little skirt.

Rick eagerly responded, "Yes, thank God, I didn't know if you were ever going to let me get at that sweet little pussy of yours." He stepped toward her and placed his right hand on her crotch, slowly rubbing her warm pussy through her damp panties. Ashley's reaction was immediate; he heard the quick intake of breath and almost purr from her lips as she moved even closer to him. Rick's still hard cock sticking out to the side pressed between their abdomens as he embraced her with his left arm while still massaging her with his right. 

"I have an idea," he offered, leading her by the hand over to the chaise end of the sectional sofa, sliding the ottoman with his foot to extend the length. "Strip those panties, Ashley, and come here," he ordered as he lay down, naked on the ottoman and chaise. "Have you ever 69'd a guy Ashley?"

"No," she giggled, "I didn't know anyone actually ever did it outside of pornos."

"Sure, now just swing your leg over like this," he guided her on top of him so she straddled his chest as she lay down. He lifted his head and gave a quick lick to her slightly bushy slit. Ashley's reaction was as expected. She moved her hips and slid toward his face to give him better access as he went back in and aggressively began licking inside her lips. Ashley exhaled as her pussy lit up with sensation. Her cheek rested on his thigh as she continued stroking him with her left hand. His tongue probed into her and flicked her swollen clit. Ashley had only been eaten out once before and it had been a drunken tentative groping more than anything. She returned Rick's favor by licking up the side of his cock, trying to get her face up to the tip and suck it down her throat. As she was finally able to take his cock in her mouth, she ground her pussy into his face, nearly smothering him. Rick reacted by lifting her hips with both hands providing him room to maneuver around her opening. Ashley's face was inadvertently forced down on his cock, deep throating more than she ever had. Struggling with the size and trying to breathe she did a push up on her arms to free herself and let his cock fall away. "Oh, my God," she exclaimed, "I can't keep it up like this," she laid her head back on his thigh and began stroking him and sucking his balls. 

Rick was surprised she was able to take as much down her throat as she did before she gagged and was forced to spit him out. Her tongue still felt wonderful on his shaft and her lips on his smooth balls, more than kept him hard. Her juices seeped out around his mouth and chin as he literally sucked on her clit, hearing her moan as she approached climax. Then he finally heard what he had been waiting for. It was soft at first and barely audible but increased with intensity as she came, "fuck me, please just fuck me," she repeated breathlessly. 

Rick wasted no time lifting her off of him and sliding out from under her. Ashley rolled over looking up at him and left her legs spread hanging off either side of the ottoman. This is really happening thought Ashley. She didn't even feel self conscious laying here spread eagle as he stared at her naked body stroking his cock as he positioned himself. He lifted her legs and gripped her thighs near her hips and slid down the ottoman toward him so he could enter her while on his knees on the floor. Any inhibitions Ashley still had were erased by the wine, her orgasm, and her own enhanced desire at being manhandled as he positioned her. This was a far cry from the tentative sex she had had before and certainly a relief from the unfulfilled aching she had in Tyler's basement earlier. 

Rick gripped his cock around the base and guided it slowly into her tight pussy. Ashley's intake of breath and sharp gasp clued him to halt the progress as the first 3 inches stretched her and forced her wetness into her. "Oh, God it's so fuckin' big," she exclaimed, "don't stop but go slow," she pleaded.

Rick teased her opening with the tip sliding just an inch or two in and working the lubricate around, feeling the short hairs of her pubes against his shaft as penetrated deeper, getting almost half way in before stopping to let her adjust to his girth. He could feel her squirming against him, "That's it baby," he whispered, "nice and slow, take it a little at a time."
