 Hope spent the weekend lounging around her house bored for yet another weekend. Lauren and Ashley were always busy with college school work or group projects and never had time to go out anymore. She wouldn't be caught dead at some high school party now that she had moved on from that scene. At least this weekend she welcomed the respite a bit as she truly was overwhelmed by the encounter at Jeremy's on Thursday night. He had fucked her harder and made her cum more times than pretty much every sexual experience she had ever had. She had initially thought he would give her a quickie and get the whole video blackmail over and get her off after all the recent teasing. She enjoyed sex and knew men desired her but for the first time she gave herself over to a guy and just let him have his way without her mind wandering and trying to figure out how to keep control or get something materialistic. 

It really wasn't hard with Jeremy, he sort of took control and when she found herself on her knees or bent over that couch she felt a buzzing satisfaction in the pit of her stomach as the pretense of a game ended and she just obeyed. Just thinking about the reward of arousal and pleasure made her horny again. For hours after the pounding her pussy ached and she almost wanted to put ice on her crotch just to numb the throbbing as her 19 year old body tried to put itself back together from the stretching and probing deep inside. Even laying in bed on Sunday night she felt horny enough to want to finger herself just to bring that sweet release again but after a few delicate rubs of her clit she quit because she really wanted to feel something inside her, possessing her, taking her not just her own hand flicking her button. 

A whole week went by and not a word from Jeremy. Hope thought he must be delaying the inevitable final fuck session as long as possible. By the start of the second week she started to get a bit impatient. Why the hell hadn't he texted her or called to finish this thing? She found herself wandering down to the locker room after practice and wasting time to see if he would be down there or even working in the halls but she didn't see him anywhere. Finally, on the second Thursday after her last meeting with Jeremy she saw an old janitor pushing the trash cart down the hall and worked up the courage to ask about Jeremy.

"Excuse me, Sir," she shouted. The older man turned to face her surprised anyone was actually talking to him. 

"Yeah. What can I do for you? Forget your locker combo?" He asked, eyes traveling up her bare legs and obviously pausing as he passed over her chest before meeting her eyes. 

Hope suddenly realized she was only wearing a pair of skin tight shorts and a sports bra out here in the hallway. She crossed her arms over her nipples as if to hide her breasts even as his eyes continually glanced down at them.

"I was looking for Jeremy. You know the regular Janitor that is here after school."

"Skinny kid...with tattoos?" He offered still leering at her.

"Yeah, where is he? I haven't seen him around lately?" She shifted her weight around trying to squirm under his watchful eyes.

"He quit last week, haven't seen him since." 

"O.K. Thanks," she hurried out of her mouth and spun back towards the sanctuary of the practice area. 

How the hell could Jeremy quit she thought. He said he needed money like anyone else and he surely didn't seem like he wanted to get away from anywhere Hope would be on a regular basis. She still didn't even have his phone number after everything since his texts were always from a blocked source. 

"Hey," the old janitor called out behind her as she walked away. She spun around noticing the manila envelope the man held out toward her. "He told me to give you this if you came around asking."

Hope tore open the envelop barely noticing it wasn't sealed and pulled out an 8x10 photo of her on her knees covered in cum, holding her left breast in one hand and gripping Jeremy's hard cock with her other while looking up waiting for the next load of jizz. She stared with a mix of disbelief, anger, and just a little lust at the picture. The moment was broken by the old man, "Nice shot, if you don't mind me saying. I'd pay top dollar to see more of them if you got any."

"Mind your own business you old pervert." She hissed at him as she stomped off back to the locker room. On the way down she noticed a note on the back of the picture. "Only one more time left I guess, as a good faith on my part I have included the memory card for your use or whatever. I figure I can trust you enough to honor our deal." Signed, Jeremy. Hope dumped the envelope out in her hand and pocketed the memory card. 

Part of her wanted to scream in anger at him letting that guy see the picture but she felt a sense of relief at getting the card back. She supposed he could have made copies of everything but at least he had kept his word about giving her the card after getting what he wanted from her sexually. A pang of regret hit her as she thought this whole escapade was coming to a close. It had been almost exhilarating not knowing when she would see him or more accurately when she would be on her knees sucking his fat cock. The secrecy of it all turned her on and having a pseudo boyfriend suited her. She didn't have some jealous guy telling who to go out with, what to wear, what jobs to take, where to be or any of that possessive annoying stuff. He just fucked her brains out and made her suck his cock. 

When she got home she popped the memory card into her computer and watched the entire video from beginning to end at least three times. It wasn't that long of a clip and clearly the director had focused on her over the other two girls. She saw Markus' long dangling cock again and was reminded of his rubbing it on her ass and fingering her pussy during the photo shoot. She couldn't believe how calm she looked in the video with all those naked guys jacking off on her. During the shoot she felt anything but serene but in the video she had to admit she looked damn good. 

That night at home in bed she had the most erotic dreams of her life. Visions of Jeremy's swollen cock in her face, images of multiple hot guys surrounding her shooting loads of cum on her skin as she played with her tits. Thoughts of lying on her back and getting her pussy licked while she watched Charlene, the stripper, get fucked by some guy. When morning finally arrived her panties were damp from her nightly secretions and for the first time in her life she wished she had a dildo or vibrator or something besides her fingers to satisfy herself. Damn, she wished Jeremy would call to set up the second encounter. She knew she could always go out to a club and find a guy to fuck her in a heartbeat but she would have to get a friend to go out with her, risk her sluttiness getting out on the gossip circuit, and risk the guy not really being all that great at sex, plus he'd want to call her or see her again, uggh, she just wanted to get pounded again and not be bothered with anything else.

By the next day, Saturday, she had calmed down a little bit. She had limited herself to only one more viewing of her little so called sex tape as he joked with herself. Actually, she had a job today and helped take her mind of things for a little while. Of course it was a crappy job, a runway fashion shoot at the mall. There were the worst, ugly clothes, bad MC'ing, inexperienced models, gawkers, and the embarrassment of strutting around in that environment in front of peers from school or people who knew her. She only did it because she still needed money and there just wasn't much work to be had anywhere and she wasn't about to go get a job waitressing or slutting it up at Hooters for dollars. 

The show was done by five in the afternoon and she agreed to go out to dinner with a few of the other models. She was still bored without Ashley and Lauren around and a few of the models were people she had worked with before. Everyone was hard up for work these days it seemed. Dinner turned into clubbing and before she knew it she was feeling pretty buzzed from the alcohol and tired from dancing. It hadn't really been hard getting a few models into the club even though she was only 19. It was already eleven and the group was going to head out to an upscale club on the edge of town. Hope didn't really feel dressed for it and she had already spent most of her meager payment for the day's job. Taking a cab out there, paying a cover, buying expensive drinks and looking like a slob didn't sound appealing to her. She didn't look bad but she had only dressed for a drive to the mall and not a night on the town. Her frayed jean skirt, two inch green sandals, and spaghetti strap green top weren't exactly hot club material. Besides, a wicked thought had entered her mind. She knew Jeremy only lived about 3 blocks from this place. She could easily walk over there and pay him a visit rather than call a cab to driver her home. If it was anything like last time she would be plenty sober enough to drive home later and she could finally scratch that itch or suck that cock to put it in perspective.

The walk over in the cool night air perked her up even more than the anticipation of sex. A few guys shouted out catcalls and a few girls gave her jiggling tits a stare before giving her the dirty looks she was used to when she really strutted. She knew her straightened blonde hair and modeling make up looked good and Jeremy sure wouldn't care what clothes she wore or didn't wear. She hit the buttons for every apartment until the buzz of the security door opened allowing her to bound up the stairs to his floor. Walking slowly now to calm her heart before knocking on the door she felt the flitter of butterflies in her stomach as nerves started to pick up even through the alcohol's buzz. She had never done anything like this before but the idea of just presenting herself to him and basically asking him to fuck her silly made her laugh a little. No one who knew here would believe she was showing up at this particular guys' place for such a thing. Her heart rate had slowed as much as could be expected and she thought she would appear calm enough not to be too desperate or slutty. Her hand reached out and knocked three times. Nothing, not a sound inside. She tried again, banging the ball of her fist a few times to make it louder. The wave of disappointment began to climb; she hadn't even thought he might not be home at nearly midnight on a Saturday night. Maybe he is sleeping, she banged a few more times to no avail. "Fuck," she thought to herself again kicking the door once as she turned to walk back to her car. 

"Hey you don't have to break the door. I'm obviously not there." A voice called out from the end of the hall. 

Hope looked up and saw Jeremy standing there watching and to her disappointment, with his arm around a girl. The girl had short dark hair, dyed very black. Her leather jacket was zipped up to her throat where the studded collar hid her pale skin. Her long slender legs were covered in fishnet stockings between her knee high leather boots and dark micro skirt. The girl had to be 3 or 4 inches taller than Hope and her violet eyes bore straight into Hope as she watched her walk away from Jeremy's door. 

"If you break I'll have to pay for it." He chastised her.

"Sorry, I didn't know if you were sleeping." Hope answered suddenly sheepish. "I should get going," she muttered trying to hurry past the couple. "God, how stupid could I be," she thought silently, "He's got a girlfriend and she looks like she wouldn't be afraid of a fight."

"Hold on now." Jeremy stopped her. "What are you doing out this late walking around by yourself and showing up here?"

"I was just, ah... ah...," she struggled for an excuse trying not to look at the girl next to Jeremy.

"You were banging on my boyfriend's door," the girl declared. "Obviously you were here to see him. So why don't we go inside and you can explain there."

"I really should get going, "protested Hope. "I mean it's late and you..."

"Look, honey," the girl cut Hope off. "I know you came over here to try and fuck my boyfriend so the least we can do is go inside and talk about it."

Hope followed numbly as Jeremy lead the way and opened the apartment door, turning on the lights and tossing his jacket on the floor.

"Natasha, this is Hope. Hope, this is Natasha." He pointed as a way of introduction. Hope gingerly shook her hand waiting for an explosion of anger but instead Natasha just gave her a thin smile and unzipped her coat.

Hope noticed Natasha's top was sheer black fabric in the back except for some solid black cloth on the shoulders. As Natasha spun to sit in the lone chair she also noticed the whole front was sheer as well. Her bare breasts were clearly evident through the thin material. Hope couldn't imagine being confident to walk around with her tits that exposed in a club. Natasha's smallish by comparison, probably B size, tits protruded like pointed upside down tea cups topped with erect nipples and easily supported themselves without aid of a bra. The metal bar through each nipple contributed to their erect state. She seemed a few years older than Hope, maybe 23 or 24.

Hope sat on the couch to Natasha's left watching as Natasha made herself comfortable. "So Hope, you're the one Jeremy has been getting off with I wager. Charlene told me you were a hottie, she said your tits alone would make you a lot of money at the club."

Hope looked confused and tried to interject. "I'm sorry, I didn't know Jeremy had a girlfriend, I really..."

"Don't be sorry. I knew about it. Jeremy and I have a special relationship. Jeremy, why don't you show Hope what I mean."

Jeremy turned on the TV and popped a DVD into the player before sitting down right next to Hope on the couch. The screen went from darkness to a bunch of chapter windows that Jeremy selected a scene from. Immediately the air was filled with high pitched screaming as the screen showed a woman, no Natasha, on her back getting pounded by a guy who was clearly not Jeremy. Hope watched as the camera panned from the grimacing guy to Natasha's face and zoomed on the dick plunging into her. A scene cut to a wider angle and another guy moved into the picture and pushed his hard cock toward Natasha's eager mouth. She lifted her head and struggled to suck the second dick while the other guy plowed into her. Hope sat in amazement as she watched the two guys working on Natasha. Jeremy sat calming watching until Natasha said it was enough.

"So you see, I can't really get mad at him for fucking you," Natasha acknowledged. 

"I guess I don't really know what to say." Hope's mind was racing, she didn't want to say he blackmailed her into it at first and now she was here of her own free will. She didn't know how Natasha would react to that knowledge.

"Don't worry," Natasha cut in again. "I've seen the blow job video, you looked pretty good. I daresay even that you looked like you liked being the center of attention. I've worked enough porn shoots to recognize a girl with potential."

"Yeah, I guess so, I mean I was nervous but I had a little fun." Hope nervously giggled.

"Good. I'm glad you had some fun. Charlene tells me you put on quite a show for her the other night as well."

"I've never done anything like that before really. I mean just going at it while someone else just stood there watching, well other than that video." Hope relaxed a little bit as it appeared Natasha wasn't some psycho girlfriend. The conversation felt more like a job interview than anything. "I guess I have done a few things lately that were new." 

"That's great," Natasha encouraged, "you should know you had Charlene so hot when she got to the club she put everyone to shame with her first dance and she just had to fuck her boyfriend in the dressing room after getting off the stage."

"Thanks, I guess." 

"It is a compliment," Natasha continued, "Does it turn you on knowing someone watched you performing like that?"

"I've never really thought about." Hope lied. "I don't have a lot of experience doing that sort of thing in front of people. You've pretty much just described all of it." Hope thought about how hot she had been watching herself get fucked by Esteban on his big TV and how many times she had watched the guys jerking off all over her.

"Well I hope you don't mind me saying, but if you plan on fucking Jeremy again I am watching. I wanna see you in action right here, right now." 

Hope's jaw dropped as Natasha laid out the scenario. She heard her order her to fuck Jeremy right there in front of her. 

"I'm not sure about this," Hope protested weakly. "I don't know if I can..."

"Nonsense. Jeremy why don't you start getting warmed up," Natasha ordered as Jeremy stood and dropped his pants. Natasha moved over to sit on Hope's right side across from a now naked Jeremy who was slowly stroking his cock into erection while staring right at Hope.

Hope was starting to get that feeling she had earlier when thinking about his fat cock pounding her into submission again. This certainly wasn't what she had in mind when coming over but if performing in front of his girlfriend got him even harder or made him work harder she was game. 

Jeremy moved to his knees in front of Hope and pulled her hips closer to him so she slouched down on the sofa. His hand slid up the backs of her thighs, under her jean skirt until he could tug her panties down. Hope lifted her hips slightly to allow him to move her underwear down, feeling the air on her exposed pussy as he forced her legs up to her chest to pull the white cotton over her ankles. His right hand drifted back down her leg and he gave a quick rub of her crotch as her legs settle back on the floor. Her skirt was bunched up under her ass leaving her bare from the waist down. The light brown wisps of hair on her pubic bone made her wish she had shaved recently. Her crotch looked like a brillo pad with the small amount of hair that had grown back, but Jeremy didn't seem to mind at all as he rubbed the furry patch causing her skin to move her labia and in turn tease her clit ever so slightly.

"So what do you want him to do?" Natasha's voice surprised her as she whispered in her ear. Hope had been so engrossed by Jeremy she didn't notice Natasha was pressed against her. The air from Natasha's mouth tickled her ear and neck as she continued. "Tell him what you want; you've got to be in charge when performing."

Hope whispered, "Lick it."

"Lick what?" Natasha breathed into her again, "Be specific, tell him what you want him to do."

"Lick my pussy." Hope ordered.

"That's better," Natasha purred. "Don't be afraid to keep telling him what to do. Make him work for you."

Hope was barely paying attention to Natasha now that Jeremy's tongue was sliding up and down her slit. His hand spread her legs open and hid head moved from side to side as he lashed her pussy. Her hands down his head forcing him into her crotch as she ordered "Eat my pussy Jeremy, that's it, eat my pussy."

She didn't resist as Natasha pulled her right hand off Jeremy's head and lifted her arm up so it was around Natasha's shoulders as she moved in pressing tight against Hope. Suddenly Hope felt Natasha's hot breath on her neck again and then the most tongue followed as Natasha kissed her neck and nibbled her ear. Somehow Natasha's tongue seemed a rhythmic extension of Jeremy's flicking tongue on her clit as both toyed her sensitive skin. Hope could feel the orgasm building as she ordered Jeremy to keep going. Natasha sucked a little harder on her ear lobe and kissed her neck more aggressively. Hope felt her tits being massaged and squeezed; it took a moment to realize it was Natasha rubbing across her chest, working the hard nipples with her thumb. Hope had never had her tits felt like this by a girl. Once on a drunken truth or dare game, she and some college girl at a party had made out for 10 seconds and the girl had briefly squeezed her tits while they kissed.
