 The sun beat down on my body as I welcome the rays, curling my toes into the sand in delight. It was the first chance I'd had in a month to enjoy laying out on the beach, and, as well, the first chance I had had in just as long to get back to business. I peered up at the sky through my bronze colored shades, and grinned.

I sat up after a while, and started to rub my thighs with one hand, searching in my bag with the other for my sun block. I carefully applied it to each caramel colored leg, and then onto my arms, stomach and shoulders, while I searched for someone to rub it onto my back. My eyes searched the crowd on the beach, before settling on one couple, walking with their towels.

Tourists are easy enough to manipulate. I smiled at them as they walked past and tilted my head, as if subconsciously, to the stretch of sand beside me. They smiled back and rested their bag down, then placed their towels beside me.

I'd been checking them out as they'd come closer. The guy couldn't have been more than 25; broad shouldered and muscled, his skin almost the same color as my shades. He was smiling, showing a row of white teeth and sexy lips, green eyes and close cropped dark brown hair. My eyes were drawn to his abs, and then lower, where I took it upon myself to size up his cock. The girl was paler, her tan from the sun, with long dark hair, almost to her ass long, large hazel eyes, and an oversized T-shirt that did nothing to hide her large bust.

They sat down, and I rolled onto my side to look at them, judging from the guys roaming gaze that my curves were to his liking. I moved my hand to my head, propping myself up on my elbow and moving my brown hair from my face with the other hand. The girl's eyes moved to a tattoo that I had on my left collarbone, where my hair usually hid it, a small blue rose.

"Are you off the cruise ships?" I said, giving them my best "Bermudaful" smile. They nodded, and the guy answered me.

"Yeah, we're from New York."

"Oh, cool. Are you on your honeymoon or something?" The girl gave an exasperated sigh, and started to pull her shirt over her head.

"No. Just for a visit." She said, shooting the guy a dirty look while I watched her. Her breasts swung heavily with her movements, and I grinned. She placed the shirt onto her towel, and held out a hand. "I'm Kennedy."

"Jasmine." I said, and reached out, shaking her hand.

"Rafael." The guy said, before reaching out and taking my hand from Kennedy's. I smiled at them both, and then sat up. I smoothed my hair off of my face, and smiled at Rafael.

"Perhaps you could help me, I need some sun block on my back, and I can't reach far enough." He nodded at me and moved over. I lay on my stomach, first untying the straps of my bikini top, and he knelt over me. He started to smooth his hands over my back, before squeezing some of the lotion on his hands and rubbing my back slowly.

I turned my head and looked at Kennedy's face. She was biting her lip, an agitated flush on her cheeks already. I grinned; she was giving me just the reaction I wanted from her. As Rafael moved his hands on me, I began to speak to her, engaging her in small meaningless talk. Kennedy blinked as she watched Rafael's hands move further down my back, rubbing just above my ass, before sliding back up and flattening on my shoulder blades and down my sides, his fingers brushing the edges of my breasts as he went.

"I noticed you staring at my tattoo." I said as Rafael finished his job, and moved over to rub some sun block on Kennedy, who stayed in a kneeling position. Poor bashful baby...I thought to myself, and then smiled, licking my lips slowly. I'll help you lose that shyness...

"It's pretty, did you design it yourself?" She asked, pulling out an elastic band and pulling her hair up and off her face. I nodded at her, moving my hands to my back and tying my top once more, albeit looser.

"Yes, a few of us on the island have them."

"Oh, your friends?" I sat up, shading my eyes from the sun.

"You could say that." I stood suddenly, and waved at no one in particular in the water. I smiled at Kennedy and Rafael, excusing myself before walking down to the ocean, where I moved towards the deep, where I could paddle and watch the two on the beach, gauging their reaction to me.

After a while I left the water, and walked back up to the towel. Kennedy was missing, having gone to buy an ice cream from the snack bar. The line stretched well out the door and towards the parking lot, so I figured she'd be gone a while. I kneeled on my towel, facing Rafael, and then moved until I was seated in the M position, my bikini clad pussy peeking around the edges of the suit, where he could see my puffy lips trying to escape.

"How long have you two been together?" I asked innocently, my nipples hardening as the drying water chilled them.

"Almost a year." He said, his eyes diverting briefly to my crotch before looking back up, his eyes first trailing over my nipples.

"Ever cheated on her?"

"What kind of question is that?"

"Answer it..." I said, licking my lips. He shook his head. I grinned.

"Ever wanted to?" I asked, his eyes, drifting back towards my pussy, shot back up to meet my own.

"What kind"

"Don't answer questions with questions... Rafael... what I'm asking..." I slid a hand over my breasts, and slid the fabric aside for a second so he could see a hard nipple while I rubbed a finger over it. "Is if you would ever..." My hand slid lower, and he followed it. I cupped my pussy, before sliding the fabric aside, so that he could see my rapidly moistening cunt. "Hit this..." I slid a finger inside, and then pulled it out, licking the taste of myself off of it.

"Fuck yes..." He said, readjusting himself. My eyes were drawn to his cock, where I could see it beginning to harden. I fixed my clothes, and leaned in close.

"Then when I lay the plan for tonight... go with it..." I whispered into his ear.

"What plan?" He asked.

"Just shut up and go with it..." I said, sucking his earlobe softly before sitting back. He opened his mouth as if to say something, but I was saved by the appearance of Kennedy over his shoulder. She sat next to him, an ice cream in each hand, passing him one. She smiled apologetically at me.

"I didn't know you were gonna be out of the water Jasmine. I'll share mine with you, if you want." She said, licking the top of it. I smiled back.

I'm counting on it

It was easier than I thought it would be to talk Kennedy into hitting a club with me. Rafael was already on board, his eyes roaming over my body every chance he got. I gave them my number, and excused myself off of the beach, heading to the car.

Perhaps I should explain the tattoo. I belong to a group of girls, a club if you will, who believe in having fun. Each of us have a blue rose tattooed somewhere on our bodies. This is a logo, so to speak, for us, meaning at any given time, we will fuck, suck, and cum, all in the name of good sex and fun. We cater mostly to tourists, or, actually, they cater mostly to us, which is why not many locals knew about us.

We have a club in particular we hung out in, and even a drink named after use, though no one knew what it meant, only that we kept the bartenders running for the Blue Curacao and Hypnotiq all night.

When Kennedy and Rafael called me, I'd just finished dressing, pulling on a white corset top and a denim mini, set off with silver hoop earrings and silver stiletto sandals. I sat in front of my vanity to call them, pulling a brush through my hair.

"Are you sure it's no trouble?" Kennedy kept repeating, while I rolled my eyes.

"It's fine Kennedy, really." I put the brush down and concentrated on applying the gloss to my lips. "I want to show you around." Oh I'll show you around all right...

"I just want to make sure..." She said. I could hear Rafael speaking to her, and I smiled wickedly to myself.

"I'm about to leave now. Walk outside the ship in about 10 minutes, I'll pick you up." I said, before standing up and checking myself out in the mirror, snapping my phone shut.

"Ok, we'll be waiting."

Once Rafael and Kennedy climbed into my car, she wouldn't shut up. I rolled my eyes as she babbled on and on about the island and how it compares to New York, and the people, and America in general. I got to the point where I was admitting to myself that if I didn't want to fuck her, I'd push her out of the car.

Rafael was a completely different story. His eyes kept meeting mine in the rearview mirror, and I licked my lips for him to see. He grinned hopefully at me, and I nodded slowly, and then averted my eyes back to the road. When I pulled into the parking lot of the club, I already had my plan of action in my head.

I walked past the front bar, the two of them close behind me, and headed to the back bar, the door swinging shut as I pulled them towards the booth furthest into the corner. They sat down as I waved to a few of the girls in the club, all of them with a tourist on their arm, and then walked up to the front bar, ordering 3 of our special mixed drinks, guaranteed to get you feeling nice quick if you weren't used to it. After getting them, I walked back to the booth.

A few drinks later and Kennedy and Rafael were talking and laughing, Kennedy grinning madly from ear to ear as I turned to face Rafael. I'd moved myself until I was sitting directly between them.

"I have to compliment you boo... your girl is fine as hell." I said. Rafael gave me a grin, and a slid my hand on his knee. "Question... how much of a freak is she?"

"A freak, my baby? Depends on the night of the week." He answered. Kennedy made a loud indignant sound behind me, which I ignored for the time being.

"Oh, I bet your girl's a real freak boo... more than you can handle... and I bet you'd like it..." I pulled Kennedy forwards, until her face was parallel with my own in Rafael's vision. "In fact... I bet you'd like this..." I turned my head, catching Kennedy's lips with mine as my hand slid further up Rafael's thigh, until my hand was placed on his stiffening cock. I stroked it softly through the fabric of his jeans, tracing it with my fingers as Kennedy kissed me back, her hand sliding down to my waist.

I pulled my lips off of hers, and looked at Rafael, before leaning in to kiss him as well. His hand joined Kennedy's on my waist, and then slid lower, to cup my pussy beneath my skirt. His fingers paused as he discovered I wasn't wearing any panties, and then flattened out to discover that my cunt was hairless.

I leaned back on Kennedy, and, using my hands on hers, slid them up my body to cup and squeeze my breasts. My eyes opened, and I looked around the bar, before pulling the two of them closer to me, and whispering to them both.

"Do you want to play some more?" I saw Rafael nod, and felt Kennedy's clumsy drunken nod next to my head. I smiled to myself once more, and brushed they're hands off of me before walking through the back exit to the bar, and into a small building behind it.

One of our better off members had bought the building, which was going to be demolished anyway. During reconstruction, however, she'd had them dig into the foundation, and now, beneath the building, lay our den of indulgence. I led them to the back of the building, and using a key that each of us had a copy of, unlocked the back door, locking it back behind me.

The basement, so to speak, contained a few rooms, bedrooms, mostly. They were all painted black, with a white ceiling, and blue carpet. Each bed had white bedclothes on it, and each room had two light switches, one, a normal light, and the other, a black light.

I reached for the black light in the bedroom I chose, and pulled Rafael and Kennedy, who were now gawking at their surroundings, inside with me.

"Where are we?" Kennedy asked, running her fingers over the bedspread. I shook my head.

"Don't ask questions..." I pulled off my shoes and clothes, and stood in front of them. The black light showed the lighter triangles of skin where my bathing suit covered it, and their eyes took me in greedily. I walked between the two, and placed one hand on Kennedy's breasts, and the other on Rafael's cock. The two of them began to crowd around me, and I shook my head, Indicating for each to drop their clothing.

Rafael pulled off his shirt first, revealing a wifebeater that glowed in the light as it clung to his chest, before pulling that off as well. His jeans followed, and as he pulled off his boxer briefs, Kennedy pulled her top over her head, revealing a glowing white bra whose cups were overflowing. Her jeans came down next, and she revealed a white thong. I stopped her from pulling these off, and I pulled Rafael over to stand next to me.

We each slid our hands over her breasts, one of mine moving behind her to cup her ass as well. Rafael slid his hands into the front of her thong, smoothing her pussy slowly as she began to gasp. I leaned in and sucked her neck softly, as Rafael's other hand move off of her breast to touch my quivering cunt. Kennedy's hands slid up my body and she squeezed my breasts, hard.

I pushed her back onto the bed, and pulled her thong off of her, before climbing on top. I knelt over her, and kissed her, my hands on her breasts as I felt Rafael come behind us and stick his fingers into my cunt. A groan of satisfaction from Kennedy told me he'd done the same to her. His fingers slid in and out of us, spreading our juices around our pussies, and then into each other as we twitched, moaning into each other's mouths as his thumbs flicked over our clits.

Rafael indicated for Kennedy to slide up further on the bed, and she did, giving my breasts one last squeeze before she went. He tangled his fingers in my hair, and pulled my head back as far as it could go. Kennedy moved up and began to kiss my throat, suckling lightly as her hands slid over my breasts once more. Her lips slid lower, down to where my breasts were thrust out at her. She looked at me shyly.

"Suck them..." I hissed between clenched teeth. Rafael's fingers were still dipping in and out of my cunt, and I could feel my juices dripping down my thighs, to where my knees rested on the edge of the bed. Kennedy took a nipple into her mouth, and sucked it tentatively, while her hand reached up to softly grip my other breast, squeezing it, before rolling the nipple between her fingers.

Rafael's cock head was now rubbing up and down my lips, and I began to moan as he played with my clit, rubbing the head across it quickly, before flicking it with his thumb. He positioned my ass and crotch, telling Kennedy to move back and pulling me back to him, arching me downwards so that my face was close to Kennedy's cunt. He directed my head between her legs, and told her to lay back and spread her legs. I grinned as her pussy opened along with her legs, exposing her center to my greedy mouth.

As I lowered my head to her cunt, Rafael began to push his cock into me, grunting in satisfaction as his dick penetrated my tight pussy. Kennedy's thighs closed around my head as I leaned down to lick her slit, my tongue flicking over her clit. I lifted my left hand and pushed a leg back down, while Rafael took his free hand and forced the other down. She moaned as I gave her a slow deliberate lick, my teeth dragging over her clit in punishment. She gasped, and Rafael suddenly pulled my head back, pulling my hair as his cock entered me fully, and then carefully withdrawing.

He pushed me back down into Kennedy's cunt, so that my mouth was completely buried in her pussy. I sucked her lips lightly, to the same rhythm that Rafael was entering me. My moans soon joined Kennedy's, as Rafael's cock head rolled over my G, causing me to take a breath each time. Kennedy's cunt was soon dripping wet, her juices slowly leaking from her and onto the bed, until my face was covered in the taste of her.

Kennedy's hand suddenly shot down and pinched my nipple, and as I cried out in pleasure my hand slid up her body to return the favor. Rafael leaned down, so his sweat covered chest was pressed against my back. Kennedy suddenly stiffened and began to whimper, before screaming out in orgasm. Shivers rocked her body as I let my tongue slid over her clit slowly, letting her orgasm slowly subside. Se pushed my mouth away suddenly, her eyes gleaming as she slid closer and pushed my shoulders back.

Her tongue suddenly assaulted my nipples as Rafael directed her in what to do. He let his hand grip my hip, pulling my ass closer to him and thrusting his cock into me. I bit my lip as his hand slid down to my clit, flicking it between his fingers before squeezing it. My pussy tightened as I began to push myself back at him, feeling my orgasm about to start. My eyes clenched shut as my cunt erupted, and I screamed out, my nails digging into the bed. Rafael's cock gave one last twitch within me, before he emptied his load deep inside my cunt, his hand relaxing his hold on my hair.

Rafael climbed onto the bed, and pulled myself and Kennedy to him. He lay between us, grinning, before sliding his fingers down to play with our clits once more, while we moaned in pleasure. Kennedy was soon riding his cock, while I sat on his face, each of us screaming in pleasure.

They left the next day, their ship leaving as I waved at their balcony. They waved back, Kennedy waving a piece of paper in the air. One with a design she'd asked me for, after I shared my story.

A blue rose.