 This story left me unsure what category to stick it in, for most part I would go erotic coupling, but it contains anal and a bit of mmf for a few paragraphs. So I have gone for group sex. 

***

My eyes still light up at the memory of that special night in London. It was a rare occasion with no work or responsibilities so we were planning to make the most of it. We had decided to hit the big city, take in a gig and spend the rest of the time in a big comfortable hotel room bed. I found out one of my favourite blues rock bands was playing Dingwalls in Camden so I booked a room in a nice hotel about ten minutes walk away from the venue. 

As soon as the door was shut I found myself pushed hard against it. Our bags hitting the floor, forgotten as your lips hit mine with a moan. I breathed in the heady masculine scent of your beard oil as you forced my lips apart, your tongue pushing inside my needy mouth. Your big hands gripped my hips as I squirmed against your larger body. I could feel you getting harder grinding the length of your jean clad cock against my stomach.

Suddenly you pulled away leaving me gasping for air, my chest heaving. Your slightly shaking hands moved to the buttons of my jeans pushing them over my curved hips and down my pale thighs. I helped by grabbing my tank top and tugging it over my head, taking my bra with it. You slowly lowered yourself to your knees in front of me, your blue eyes made dark with lust locked on mine as you pulled my boots and jeans off and you gazed up at my now naked body. I shivered as your eyes roved over my tattoos, piercings and every curve and your large warm hands stroked up and the outside of my toned pale thighs. 

You pressed your face into the juncture of my thighs. Your breath and full dark beard tickling me as you inhaled through your nose deeply. I knew the smell of my arousal was obvious, I could feel my juices already starting to leak from between my pussy lips. You pressed a firm kiss on the mound of my freshly shaved pussy before standing up. Your hands gripped my arse and lifted me, my legs wrapping around your waist and my arms around your neck.

You turned and carried me to the bed before dropping me unceremoniously on the mattress. As my body bounced you climbed on top of me. Pushing my thighs apart and settling your hips in between them as your lips found mine again. I wrapped my legs around you again and ground myself against you. I loved the way the rough denim rubbed against the slippery wetness of my pussy making me gasp and moan into your mouth. Your hands moved up to grab my small breasts, squeezing and gripping them roughly. I cried out as you found my pierced pink hard nipples, twisting and puling them and tweaking the small metal bars. I felt the pleasure shooting like a jolt of electricity throughout my body making my pussy twitch.

"I need you now, I want to feel you inside me." I moaned desperately.

"You need to be a bit more specific Princess. Tell me want you want."

"I need you to fuck me, I'm aching to feel your hard cock inside me, please fuck me, I need you, please!" I was begging you, I needed release, my body felt like an aching bundle of nerve endings. You looked down at me as you lifted your hips and pulled your jeans down to mid thigh. I pulled your t shirt up and off over your head and felt the rough coarseness of your chest hair against my sensitive nipples as you lowered yourself to kiss me. I felt the tip of you sliding up and down between my lips making me moan and writhe.

You slowly pushed your way inside me, stretching me with every thick inch. It felt incredible as you filled me perfectly, sliding slowly across my g spot. I felt a trickle of wetness running down my arse crack as you buried yourself deeply. You hit my cervix at the same time as your heavy balls hit my arse cheeks and your pubic hair ground against my tingling clit.

My fingers dug into your shoulders and my legs wrapped around your waist, opening me wider as you started to move. Your mouth moved to my neck kissing, sucking and biting me. I cried out underneath you, I was feeling frantically desperate and half crazed as you slid in and out painfully slowly. "Please fuck me, I need you hard and fast, just fuck me." It had been so long that I couldn't take your frustratingly slow pace. I needed release.

"I'll never last if I do that Princess. I want to make sure it's good for you." You murmured into my ear, the strain of the effort it was taking to hold yourself back was showing in your voice. I kept pleading, it seemed every thrust of yours was punctuated with me begging you. The pleasure was building inside me every nerve ending felt like it was electrified. It wasn't enough though, the need to cum was almost an ache it felt so fucking good it hurt. On the edge seemingly forever but just not enough to push me over.

Finally you took pity on me, you grabbed my hands and pinned them to the bed either side of my head, fingers interlocking with mine. Your elbows holding the bulk of your weight and your blue eyes locked onto my brown ones. Your face was full of a need that matched my own, you gave me what I wanted, what I needed so badly. You slammed into me hard, the force of it was enough to draw a ragged cry from my throat. You became relentless after that, your cock driving into me hard and fast.

My body started to quiver, my heart pounding so hard in my ears it was almost enough to drown out the grunts, moans and slapping of your body hitting mine. My pussy convulsed and spasmed around your cock as I finally exploded, screams tore from my throat and my spine arched. The whole time your eyes remained locked on mine holding my gaze. My eyes started to water from the intensity of the orgasm as a flood of wetness burst from between my legs. You swelled inside me, your body going rigid as your face went slack. I could dimly hear you crying out my name a you exploded inside, filling me with spurt after spurt of hot spunk.

You collapsed on top of my still shaking body, panting and trying to catch your breath. Your face buried in the crook of my neck, I caressed the back of your head feeling your cropped hair under my fingertips and your beard tickling me. Your warm hand stroked up and down the side of my body, going from my ribs to my curved hip, making me shiver with pleasure. It was then I noticed that you still had your boots on and your jeans had only gotten as far down as your knees. The sight made me chuckle as clearly we must have been in a hurry.

It took about ten minutes of just lying on the bed in a tangle of tattooed limbs before you summoned enough energy to get up and get undressed properly. You stood naked at the end of the bed staring at my naked tattooed body stretched out on the bed, your eyes taking in their fill. I saw your softened cock give a little twitch and knew it wouldn't be long before you were ready for round two. I stretched my arms up behind my head arching my back and bending my knees so my legs opened up for you. I watched as your eyes moved to my swollen, red and leaking cunt growing wider as you stared. "Not too late for foreplay is it Princess?" 

"Hell no!" I replied as my fingers moved to stroke myself. I moaned as I felt just how wet I was with our combined cum. you watched intently as I slowly brought my dripping fingers to my mouth. Running my tongue the length of my middle and index fingers before taking them into my mouth and sucking deeply, tasting the tangy sweetness of my pussy mixed with the heady saltiness of your thick spunk. I could see the effect the sight was having on you, your cock showing signs of life already.

The intense look on your face excited me further, my nipples going hard as our eyes locked. I moved my hands to my tits stroking them and teasing my nipples as I opened my legs wider. You crawled up onto the bed your eyes flicking between my open used cunt, my busy hands and eager excited face. You reached my feet and bent down to place a soft kiss on my ankle.

You lifted my foot up onto your shoulder and slowly moved up my leg, laying soft kisses along the way, your eyes stayed locked mine as you got higher and my legs were stretched further, the soft teasing kisses became interspersed with small bites making me jump and gasp. Before long you licked a long line straight up the hollow where my thigh met my pussy. It made me moan and shiver it's a very underrated sensitive spot. You moved to licking along from my arse crack upwards, I felt your slight hesitation as you tasted your own spunky mess but it didn't stop you for long. If anything it seemed to spur you on a little. You carefully licked around the inside of my wet lips, deliberately avoiding any contact with either my hole or my waiting clit.

I squirmed under your slow touch, still manhandling my tits as I watched your head bobbing up and down, I could see your eyes watching me, the lust burning in the blue depths. I felt you slip two fingers inside me as your mouth moved to my clit, your fingers curling up to brush the front of me finding that mythical G spot. My soft whimpers and cries grew louder as you worked your magic on me. 

You pulled your fingers out of me and before I could complain your tongue moved to the tightness of my arsehole. Your thumb circled my clit as your tongue circled before it pushed inside that tight puckered ring. God I loved the way thrust your tongue inside. It felt so dirty but at the same time so very right. You moved to push your tongue into my sodden pussy, groaning when you tasted our combined cum properly. You pushed two fingers inside my arsehole, making me squirm and gasp. The combination of your tongue probing frantically inside me, your thumb on my clit and those fingers sliding in and out of my tight arse was driving me crazy. My hips moving involuntarily trying to keep maximum contact with the parts of you that were making me feel so damn good. I could feel my pussy starting to twitch and quiver. "Do you want me to finish up down here? Or do you want me to fill your arse with cum?" 

"Fuck my arse, please just fuck my arse hard." With a groan you sat up, your arms under my legs, forcing my thighs up to my stomach and bending me double as you lean to kiss me. Your mouth found mine, your beard was soaked and your lips and tongue tasted of us. The smell and flavour of it was like some kind of erotic nectar. Sweet, salty and as addictive as hell. You slipped into my pussy a few times slowly coating your cock with the now free flowing juices before you pulled out. 

You lined yourself up with my tight arsehole, pushing your way against my resisting muscled ring. I tried to relax my arse muscles as best I could, pushing to try to help you ease in. There was a moment of almost painful pressure as you pushed forwards with a throaty groan. The surprised look on your face as you felt how tight my arse was is something I'll always treasure. It wasn't long before you were balls deep in my arse. It felt incredible as you slid slowly in and out, stretching me out with every thrust.

I was feeling close to delirious by now moaning and begging for more. I could feel you getting harder inside me, swelling as you came closer to losing control. Your pace increased just before you exploded with a loud cry and filled my arse with cum. It was just enough to push me into one more orgasm, the intensity making me shake and convulse around you.

I realised we had to start getting ready if we were going to make the support act. I let you take the shower first as I knew it would take a while before my legs stopped shaking. When you came out of the shower the sight of you wearing just a towel was almost enough to make me want to forget the gig and just stay in bed.

After my shower I started to get dressed, I had a surprise in store for you. You had often jokingly commented about me being a complete tomboy. It was a fair point I pretty much lived in my jeans and docs. So I had hit the shops and bought a dress, it was low cut and stopped about mid thigh with an uneven hem line, black decorated with anatomical drawings of bones and the skeletal structure. I threw that on with a black push up bra and a pair of hold ups and knee high boots. I decided to forgo knickers as I knew it always excited you that I seldom wore them. 

Your jaw just about hit the floor when you saw me looking like an actual girl. A combination of shocked and impressed. I just laughed and grabbed your hand and dragged you to the venue. It was a great little basement bar with an excellent atmosphere and a fine selection of craft beers. So we grabbed a few beers at the bar made our way to the front. We managed to get to the barrier at the very front to the left of the stage. I leaned on the barrier and you stood behind hugging me from behind. I could feel the heat from your body up against my back, a constant presence I found both reassuring and arousing.

As the first band started up I began to move. First my foot tapping innocently enough before I noticed you pushing up against me, I decided to start swinging my hips a little, it wasn't long before I felt your bodys reaction, a definite swelling in the trouser area. As the music I started pushing back into you, grinding my arse against the swelling into your rapidly growing bulge. Your breath tickled me as you kissed your way up along my shoulder towards my neck and up to my ear. As you reached my ear you whispered to me "You're so going to pay for this Princess! By the time we get back to the room you're going to be a complete mess." I responded by arching my back and rubbing my arse firmly on your hard bulge laughing.

It was then I felt your foot kicking my feet apart slightly. Your hand trailed up my inside thigh, stroking lightly. A little chuckle in my ear as you found the lacy tops of my hold ups before you continued upward. You caressed one of the cheeks of my arse, managing to fit most of it in your big warm hand as you squeezed hard enough to make me yelp. 

Your fingers moved down towards my wet slit. I heard you groan deeply in my ear as you discovered that not only was I soaking wet but completely bare under the dress. "Oh Princess, you dirty fucking slut." You whispered as your fingers started exploring me. You slowly slid your fingers along the length of my very wet slit from behind. I felt a trickle of my juices running down my thigh as you spread my lips apart, before you slipped two fingers inside me. Your thumb started working my clit as I squirmed and rode your hand. It's just as well you were holding me as my knees were weak and my legs trembling.

I was struggling to keep quiet and calm, so I reached back and started to stroke you though the front of your jeans. The long thick length of you feeling stiff and solid and straining to be released. "No" it was a stern command that brooked no argument and with that you gripped my wrists and held my hands in front of me on the cool metal barrier. I was left dripping wet and frustrated so close to release but with nothing but your heavy breathing in my ear and your hard on pushing against my arse. I was transfixed by the sight of your right hand on mine, the way the stage lights glistened catching the wetness coating your fingers.

The lights came up at the end of the gig and despite the fact it was one of my favourite artists I could barely remember a single note. I had spent the whole show distracted by you, pinning me to that barrier, your swollen cock rubbing against my backside and your lips and beard tickling and teasing me. The perfume of my pussy drifting up from your fingers to my nose. As soon as the crowd behind us had dispersed you led me upstairs to street level and up the road to the hotel.

We made it to the hotel in about five minutes and I had every intention of dragging you to the room and riding the hell out of you. I was feeling frantic with need. However you had other ideas and dragged me into the bar. You deposited me at a booth opposite the bar then went to order drinks. I was bloody furious, here I was practically dying of frustration, I could feel myself burning with need and wanting you so badly it was painful and you were just fucking about deciding you wanted cocktails? I was determined I was going to let you have it with both barrels when you got back to the seats.

Then I looked up and completely forgot my anger, the barman was truly beautiful. He was about your height at around six foot tall, dirty blonde hair in comparison to your dark brown hair. Whereas yours was cropped close to your head his was long and wavy secured in a messy pony tail. He had a full beard that rivalled yours for thickness and length. His eyes were bright blue like the Mediterranean sea and crinkled at the edges like the spent a lot of time laughing and smiling. His body was a walking wet dream, big and strong very muscular across the shoulders, arms and chest. The crisp white short sleeved shirt he was wearing with the hotel name strained to contain him. Seeing the two of you chatting as he mixed our drinks really flipped a switch for me.

You came back carrying two espresso martinis and a knowing smirk. My eyes kept being drawn to the handsome bar tender, I tried not to be too obvious but clearly judging from your next statement you weren't remotely fooled. "You want him don't you Princess?" You whispered into my ear. Before I could respond you continued "You want those big strong arms around you, don't you? Those big hands pulling you down onto his big hard dick? You're thinking about burying your fingers in that thick hair while he pumps you full of spunk, aren't you?" I couldn't say a word, it was like you were reading my mind, I could only nod my head it was obvious from the tone of your voice you were as aroused as me. The bartenders eyes had been locked on mine as you were whispering to me.

You knew I'd had fantasies about two me at once for years but never had the opportunity to experience it. I also knew you wanted to watch me being fucked by somebody else. It started to seem like a possibility, one I barely dared to hope for. "Spread those long sexy legs Princess, show him how fucking wet you are, let him see what a dirty slut you are wearing no knickers!" I know I should've said no but I was so painfully horny and the low tone of your voice was almost hypnotic. Before I realised it I was spreading my thighs as wide as I could as your hand slipped up my leg sliding my dress to waist height. The barmans eyes went wide and I saw him swallow at my brazen display as one hand tightened on the bar top and the other disappeared to rearrange himself.

You wouldn't allow me to cover myself as we quickly finished our drinks leaving the cool air in the bar to chill the hot wetness I was exposing. The barman called time and you pulled me from the bar to the lift upstairs to the room. Sadly several other people got in at the same time as us so I all I could do was stand staring at you while I slowly simmered with lust, until we practically ran to the room.

I hastily made short work of yanking your shirt off and I was struggling with the buckle on your belt until you took over and told me to take my dress off slowly. I stood before you wearing only my boots hold ups and a push up bra. Your cock was harder than I think I've ever seen it, every vein on it stood up in stark relief, the head of it was shiny and wet with your pre cum. I wanted more than anything to taste it, run my tongue over it and take you as deep as I could in my mouth. I stepped towards you and dropped to my knees taking you in my hand with my eyes wide and my mouth watering.

"No Princess, I need to taste you too. I want you sitting on my face while I drink your juices" Since you were calling the shots who was I to argue? Besides it seemed like a win/win situation to me. You lay on the bed with your head towards me and your cock pointing straight into the air. I stepped up to the bed and slowly straddled your face, I was too slow for your liking and you grabbed my arse cheeks and pulled me down onto you. Your tongue made contact first licking up and down the length of my dripping slit. I both felt and heard your groan of pleasure and your hands tightened their grip on me.
