 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not.

Note: If you haven't already, read Chapters 01 - 08 of Boarding with Linda, which are prequels to this story. 

*

Linda and I had engaged in many discussions about the fact that, since Jim was sneaking around with her and Irene was sneaking around with me, it wouldn't make sense for either of them to be upset with the other if one found about the other's dalliances outside of their relationship. At the same point, neither of us wanted to be the one to say "Hey, you shouldn't worry too much about getting caught because your partner is doing the same thing." I don't think either of them was all that worried about getting caught, or feeling guilty about it for that matter, but it also didn't seem like either suspected anything was going on with the other. I know Linda occasionally experienced a little bit of guilt, especially when the four of us were all hanging out together, but I was relishing the opportunities to get naked with Irene. I might have felt some guilt if I knew Jim was faithful, but I was pretty certain Linda wasn't the only one he was seeing on the side. At the same time, I wouldn't have turned down an opportunity to get Jim's blessing to fuck his girlfriend.

"I think I figured it out," Linda told me one day after we'd been hanging out with Jim and Irene.

"What's that?" I asked, "How to let Irene know you're fucking her man and have her be okay with it?"

"Not exactly," she replied, "but close. I was thinking that it wouldn't go over very well if I just climbed onto his lap and started making out with him, which I wanted to do, but if you had started making out with Irene at the same time, they might both think it was just something spontaneous with the other."

I had to admit that, if we timed it right, it would take them both by surprise and probably discourage any potential protest. If they each saw their partner getting intimate with somebody else and not reacting to them getting intimate with somebody else, they would presumably be thinking, "All I have to do to keep doing this is to let them keep doing that." The more I thought about, the more I was convinced that this was the way to go. Knowing the two of them as I did, I could only see things turning out one way. Linda and I talked through it some more and ultimately made the arrangements to have both of them over at our place one night with the goal of all being naked together.

Of course we planned it for a night when Ashley was with her dad and Linda and I worked out how to make it seem spontaneous while being completely synchronized. We got them sitting on the couch with me next to Irene and Linda next to Jim then put the plan into action. At the agreed upon cue when we both felt the time was right, Linda reached for Jim's crotch, massaging his cock before straddling him and planting her lips on his, while I slipped my hand up along Irene's smooth inner thigh under the hem of her dress while pressing my lips against hers. I think both may have glanced sideways at the other and, seeing what was going on, didn't resist and just went with the moment, which was exactly as Linda had expected.

Irene's tongue was in my mouth as I started caressing the front of her panties and she spread her legs for me. Linda and Jim were likewise making out as she humped his stiffening cock and he started to caress her big tits. As we'd agreed, once we were certain they were into what we'd initiated, Linda and I both moved down to kneel before Irene and Jim. I kissed my way up along Irene's smooth inner thighs while pushing up the hem of her dress as Linda started to unfasten Jim's jeans. I glanced up quickly to see their reactions but they were more focused on the two of us than on each other. With the hem of her dress up around her waist and her panties fully exposed, I started to slide them down and she raised her ass to let me. Linda had Jim's cock extracted by this point and pumped it in her fist before engulfing it in her hot mouth. Jim let out a moan so I looked up at Irene again as I was slipping her panties over her feet and she was watching as Linda started sucking Jim's cock. I took this and the lack of anger or dismay in her expression as an extremely good sign.

With Irene's pussy exposed, I dove right in and started lapping up her nectar, causing her to moan, though I didn't look up to see if it had attracted Jim's attention. She grabbed my head and started humping her pussy toward it and I slipped a finger into her, finding her pussy just overflowing with juices. I started licking and sucking her clit while sliding my finger in and out of her, causing her to moan once again. I could hear Linda slurping on Jim's cock beside me and figured her pussy was probably as wet as Irene's but was currently as unattended as my throbbing cock was. We still had a plan that we were following, even at this point, so the next phase was put into action.

"You want to slip this into me?" I heard Linda ask, though I didn't look up and continued eat Irene's hot pussy.

"Of course," Jim replied.

"Get behind me, then," Linda instructed and, once I knew Jim had gotten up, I raised my head. Straightening up on my knees, I started to raise Irene's dress up over her head as she lifted her arms to help me accomplish that. I set it aside and leaned in to kiss her while fondling her tits through her bra then whispered in her ear that I was going to keep eating her but she'd be straddling my head. As I stood to slip out of my own jeans and underwear, Jim had already shed his and was kneeling behind Linda, pushing her skirt up around her waist before sliding her panties off. Once I'd kicked my jeans and underwear aside, I sat on the couch in front of Linda where Jim had been and she took my cock in her hand and started to pump it. She let out a moan as Jim slipped his cock into her then wrapped her lips around my tool and engulfed it in her hot mouth. Meanwhile, Irene had slipped out of her bra before stepping up on the couch and straddling my head. With her trim, light brown bush in my face again, I immediately resumed devouring it while initially squeezing both of her sweet ass cheeks.

I was simultaneously savoring the feeling of Linda's talented mouth sliding up and down my cock and the taste of Irene's pungent juices as I lapped at her pussy again. When I brought a hand down from Irene's ass to slip a finger into her, I could tell by how wet and engorged her pussy was that she was extremely fired up and that it wouldn't take long before she was cumming. Knowing Linda as well as I did by that point, I assumed she was probably even more fired up than Irene was because she'd been anticipating this and was probably not far from cumming herself. I didn't know about Jim but I was in no danger of cumming even despite Linda's skilled cocksucking, in part because I was so focused on enjoying Irene's pussy while trying to provide her with as much pleasure as I possibly could.

It didn't surprise me when Linda slipped my cock from her mouth to let out the telltale noises I knew were indicating that she was right on the verge of cumming. She continued to pump my cock while I continued to lick and suck Irene's clit because I also knew that she was very close to cumming, too. I assumed that Linda had one of her hands down between her legs, stroking her clit, because she was bracing herself against my leg with just one arm when I started feeling her body trembling as she came. Before she'd even finished cumming, Irene let out a gasp and I could feel her trembling, too, as her orgasm washed over her. I continued devouring her pussy as it was flooded with even more of her juices, stopping only when she'd apparently had enough and moved away from my face.

"I want your cock inside me now," she said, sitting beside me on the couch. Linda had not gone back to sucking my cock yet but if Irene just moved over to straddle my cock, her ass would still be right in Linda's face. I figured very quickly that, if Irene was going to be riding my cock, I wanted to be eating Linda's pussy, which meant she'd be sucking Jim's cock. With a few quick directions, I had Jim taking my place while I lay on my back with my face under Linda's pussy. Irene straddled me and guided my cock to her hot pussy and lowered herself onto it, causing both of us to moan, as I started lapping at Linda's pussy. As I've said, there is no way I'd ever tire of eating Linda's pussy so, even though I'd just eaten Irene's and I'd eaten Linda's countless times before, I attacked it with the same enthusiasm as I always did. I still felt incredibly privileged to have the opportunity to be intimate with Linda and, since I still loved eating pussy, I was relishing another chance to do it.

Irene's pussy felt fantastic as it slid up and down my throbbing tool and it wasn't lost on me how incredible it was that I was experiencing the two of them at the same time. Of course, Jim was there, too, but as far as I was concerned, it felt to me like it was just the three of us. Even glancing up, I couldn't see Linda sucking Jim's cock because her big, swaying tits were blocking my view of it. I knew how much she loved sucking cock, though, and it was obvious in how hot and wet her pussy was, which just made it even easier for me to provide pleasure to her. I obviously was not trying to get her off quickly, just with the most pleasure and the most intense pleasure that I possibly could. I had two fingers buried in her and, given how wet she was, I was considering trying to add a third when I heard Jim's voice.

"Why don't you climb up here and sit on my cock?" he suggested and, as much as I knew she was enjoying sucking his cock, I knew Linda wouldn't turn down the opportunity to ride it. She moved up away from my face and I watched her ass as she moved up onto his lap then turned my attention to Irene. I could now see her entire body as she was sitting on my cock and her bouncing tits immediately entranced me. I watched them with my hands resting on her thighs before moving my hands up to caress her hard nipples. She decided to take advantage of Linda's departure, though, and ended up leaning down to kiss me. As her tongue slipped into my mouth, I was pushing up into her hot pussy while running my hands over her sweet ass.

As much as I enjoyed Linda's body, I was perfectly fine with being completely focused just on Irene even though Linda was nearby. I was happy that she was enjoying a guilt-free opportunity to be with Jim and I sure as hell appreciated every single moment that I got to spend enjoying Irene's hot little body. The longer she rode me, the closer I could tell she was getting to cumming again, based partly on the noises she was making and partly on how her pussy was feeling. Ultimately, she pulled her mouth from mine so she could moan more freely and I knew that she was right on the brink. Linda, meanwhile, was getting louder as well and, based on my own experience, I knew that she would be cumming soon, too.

Irene finally slammed herself back on my cock and just stayed there, letting out a little cry as her body trembled. I lay there watching the ecstatic expression on her face and smiling as I appreciated the opportunity to make her feel so good. Her orgasm was typically long and intense and, when she finally opened her eyes again and blinked away the fog, she smiled down at me and kissed me again. As we were making out but before I started pushing my cock up into her again, I heard Linda cry out as she started cumming.

"I'm going to suck your cock now," Irene told me, pulling her mouth from mine again, "and I'm going to do it right in front of my boyfriend."

She seemed pretty psyched about that last part for some reason but I wasn't sure whether it was just because we didn't have to sneak around anymore or because the idea of it turned her on even more. Either way, I was totally up for having my cock in Irene's mouth. She climbed off of me and had me sit on the couch, a little bit away from where Jim was sitting, then positioned herself on her knees before me. I leaned back and watched as she grasped my cock and engulfed it in her mouth. I moaned as I felt her hot mouth sliding down the length of my shaft then looked over as I felt Linda moving. She climbed off of Jim's lap and, before kneeling on the floor in front of him, I took in her full frontal, including her tits bouncing. Even though I saw her naked regularly, it had only been with Kate that I'd had the opportunity to see her naked while someone else was sucking my cock. I certainly liked that feeling.

As my cock was swelling even more in anticipation of blowing my load down Irene's throat, Linda was taking Jim's cock into her mouth, causing him to moan. Since she'd already cum, I knew she would be indulging herself in her love of cocksucking while providing Jim with some pretty significant pleasure. I watched her for just a moment but my attention went right back to seeing my own cock disappearing between Irene's lips. She left nothing to be desired as a cocksucker so I was savoring both the feeling of pleasure and the stimulating view. She didn't appear to be in any rush to make me cum and was drawing out the pleasure, which I was quite enjoying though I didn't expect that it would last much longer. As I felt my orgasm approaching, I was good with blowing my load and assumed it wouldn't be the last one she coaxed out of me that night. When I exploded into her mouth with a grunt, she swallowed my load down and continued to nurse my cock until I had nothing left and was starting to soften. She moved up to join me on the couch and I lay back against the armrest so she lay on top of me, holding her naked body tightly against mine.

Looking over Irene, I could see Jim's face and it looked like he was about to finish, as well. He let out a similar grunt as he apparently unloaded into Linda's mouth. I couldn't see Linda until a moment later when she stood and I fixated on the bounce of her boobs again. She sat with Jim who was still recovering.

"Not that I'm complaining," Jim finally said, "but what the hell just happened."

"I think you just gave me permission to have sex with your girlfriend," I replied, "as long as she's okay with you having sex with my landlord."

"I think we were set up," Irene stated, "This obviously isn't the first time the two of you have had sex,"

"No, but the two of us were enjoying ourselves so much," Linda replied, "that we figured four of us would be at least twice as much fun. I think we figured right."

"No doubt," Jim replied, "and I'm surprisingly okay with you sticking your cock inside my girlfriend."

"Good, because I don't think I could stop now if I wanted to," I told him.

"And I don't think I want you to," Irene confessed.

We recovered for a little while but that was just the beginning of a long night of partner sharing.