 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not.

Note: If you haven't already, read Chapters 01 - 09 of Boarding with Linda, which are prequels to this story. 

*

Despite spending more time doing things with just Ashley to allow Linda some time when she didn't have to be in mom mode, I didn't typically interact with the moms of Ashley's friends. When there were things such as birthday parties or school events or playdates, I stayed out of the picture so there wouldn't be a lot of explaining to do. No matter how much we tried to convince some people that I was strictly a tenant (even though I wasn't), people who didn't know either of us that well tended to be a bit suspicious about the whole set-up. The places I did end up taking Ashley were ones were there wasn't typically any interaction with other parents. The exception was probably the playground and interaction typically only occurred when there was somebody closer to Ashley's age who she'd ditch me to spend her time with. I was okay with that and would find a spot in the shade to keep an eye on her and sometimes check out the moms that were hanging around. Occasionally I'd exchange pleasantries with a parent but usually not much more than that.

On the other end of the spectrum was the single mom who I ended up sleeping with, in no small part due to Linda's involvement. Her name was Khadija and she was one of the blackest women I had ever seen. She was also very beautiful. I think Ashley found her daughter as mesmeric as I found her because she gravitated right over to her as soon as we arrived at the playground. Since I'd become chopped liver, I retreated to one of the porch-type swings that were set up around the playground for the adults. It didn't take long to figure out who was the mother of Ashley's new friend and I was glad to have sunglasses on because I could not stop staring at her. In addition to being very dark-skinned, she was thin with long braids, a nice ass and smaller but perky tits. I tried not to think about what she might look like naked because sitting alone at the playground would not be the best place to be spotted pitching a tent in my shorts.

It was after Khadija's daughter apparently blew her off, too, that she finally approached me and joined me on the swing. Not only was she even more beautiful up close but she smelled nice, too.

"She's very cute," she said after we'd introduced ourselves, "Is she your daughter?"

Here we go again, I was thinking as I started to explain how I rented a room from her mom who was an old friend of mine.

"So her mom is divorced?" she asked, "So am I and I sure wouldn't complain if there was a man living in my basement who I could trust to watch my daughter."

"Well, I'll tell you what," I replied, "maybe you should come and meet Linda sometime. I'm sure she'd be more than happy to set up a playdate so that you could get some time to yourself. She sure understands the importance of that."

"You really think so?" she asked, "That would mean a lot. I don't know too many people around here."

We exchanged contact information and I promised I'd talk to Linda about it and we'd get something arranged. We talked for a while longer before it appeared that both of our girls were starting to flag. Even though they both insisted that they weren't tired and didn't want to leave, they were more agreeable once we suggested that we could have a playdate sometime soon. I think Khadija and I had a brief moment, too, where we didn't want to part and I thought that maybe there was the potential for the two of us to have a playdate, as well. I promised I'd be in touch soon and we went our separate ways.

By the time I got back to the house, Ashley was full out crashed in her car seat. I carried her into the house and, happy that we'd cleaned up at the playground before leaving, lay her in her bed. I hadn't seen Linda so, as I was getting a drink of water, I looked out the back window to see if she was in the yard. She was and she wasn't alone; she and Irene were out there in their bikinis, sunbathing. I felt a familiar stirring in my pants as I admired their hot bodies all oiled up and barely covered. Irene was lying on her back, her tits firm enough that they were standing up from her chest. Linda was lying on her stomach with her top untied so that I could see her tits squashed against the blanket she was lying on but only when I finally dragged my eyes from her sweet ass. Noting that her cell phone was lying near her head, I wondered if she'd prop herself up on her elbows to use it, exposing more of her succulent tits. I figured out a good way to find out.

"You guys look so hot I'm standing at the kitchen window masturbating while watching you," I texted to Linda's phone.

She did prop herself up to look at it, revealing more boob, then turned to look toward the window while telling Irene about my message, revealing almost her entire tit. My cock was rigid even though I'd seen them countless times by then. She had Irene help her get her top tied again then they both got up and came inside.

"You're not masturbating," Irene said, seeing me without my cock out.

"Ashley sleeping?" Linda asked at almost the same moment.

"Yes, she is," I replied, "and I'm already finished because you guys look so fucking amazing."

"Well thank goodness you recover quickly," Irene said, reaching down and finding my throbbing cock inside my shorts, "because my tits are all oiled up. Want to fuck them?"

"Yes, please," I said with a grin, then turned to Linda "Would you like to get licked?"

"Yes, please," she said, imitating me and my grin.

We moved into the living room and Irene knelt, opening my shorts and quickly having them and my underwear at my ankles. I sat on the couch as she untied her bikini top and her succulent tits were revealed. As she squeezed her tits around my throbbing cock, Linda untied her bikini bottom and let it drop to the floor, then stepped up on the couch and straddled my head. I reached around to squeeze her ass as her trim pussy approached my face while moaning at the feeling of Irene's lubed tits sliding up and down my tool. Wanting Linda to experience pleasure like I was, I started lapping at her pussy, tasting her pungent juices and causing her to moan, too. I realized that Irene was not receiving any stimulation but I planned to remedy that in some way as soon as I had the capacity and I was sure that she knew it.

I brought a hand down from Linda's sweet ass to slip a couple of fingers up into her slippery pussy while I licked and sucked her clit. She was humping her pussy toward my face, supporting herself on the back of the couch with one hand while the other held onto my head. While I worked on getting her to an orgasm, I didn't fail to appreciate how outstanding Irene's soft, smooth, lubed tits felt as they slid up and down my rigid tool. Not for the first time, I realized how fortunate I was to have been offered the opportunity to move into Linda's basement. I wondered if she was thinking the same thing. Her pussy had been very hot and wet from the moment I'd started eating it and I wasn't sure if my text had initiated that or if it had occurred after they'd come inside. Either way, it rarely took much to get Linda to cum and even less effort was required when she was already fired up. With Ashley in the house, even being asleep in another room, it was never a time for indulgence, so quick and satisfying orgasms were the way to go.

While the pleasure of Irene's tits was significant, I wasn't in any danger of cumming myself yet and, even if I did, I'd make sure to satisfy Irene in some way. I was sure that, once Linda had cum, she'd make sure that there was no risk of interruption if Ashley was to wake up suddenly. Fortunately, even if it was in the back of her mind that she needed to check on Ashley, Linda was still able to focus on the pleasure she was feeling and I could tell by how much wetter and more engorged her pussy was becoming that she was right on the verge of cumming. Sure enough, just a moment later she let out a soft cry and started to shake. I continued eating her pussy right up until the moment when moved away from my face after she'd finished cumming. She leaned down and kissed me then stepped off of the couch.

"I'm going to go check on Ashley," she said, grabbing her bikini bottom off the floor.

"You want to climb up here and ride me?" I asked Irene, who nodded, releasing my cock from between her tits. She stood while untying the last part of her top then, as it dropped to the ground, she was untying the strings on her hips. Her bottom joined her top on the floor, revealing her trim bush and the tanlines around it. She straddled me on the couch, reaching for my throbbing cock, as I reached for her succulent tits. I was caressing her hard nipples as she guided my cock to her pussy and sat down on it.

Her pussy was even hotter and wetter than usual which I attributed to it being unattended as she'd been titfucking me and Linda had been riding my tongue. Although I knew that Linda would make sure we were not interrupted, this was still good for guaranteeing a quick and satisfying fuck. I was still playing with Irene's bouncing tits as she rode me hard but I did end up leaning back on the couch, watching her bouncing tits while caressing her sweet ass. Irene also had a big smile on her face, which caught my attention because she was even cuter when she was smiling. Once again, I had to appreciate the opportunity to have sex with somebody so cute with such a hot body, especially since she was dating one of my best friends.

I could feel my own orgasm beginning to build as she was obviously approaching one herself based on how her pussy was feeling and how hard she was riding me. It seemed like it, since we'd managed to get the okay from Jim to continue fucking, I'd also relished the opportunity to blow my load deep inside Irene's hot pussy. With the worry about being discovered with a load of cum leaking out of her eliminated, I was more likely to continue fucking her after she came or try to time my orgasm to coincide with hers. Sometimes, like on this occasion, it was just a matter of fully letting go and enjoying how her pussy felt even more incredible the closer she got to cumming. I was actually almost to the point of leaving her in the dust when she gasped and her body started shaking. She continued to slowly ride me rather than just sitting there and, as she was starting to come down and pick up the pace again, I exploded into her with a grunt.

She continued riding me as I was spurting inside her then just sat there for a moment as my cock started to soften. When she climbed off of me, she grabbed the pieces of her bikini and headed for the bathroom. Linda returned to the living room before Irene did, finding me still sitting there with my flaccid cock lying against my leg. She was back in her bikini bottom and still looked outstanding but there was no way my cock was going to rise to the occasion. She knew I was spent and grabbed some tissues for me to clean myself up with. As I was heading into the kitchen with my shorts and underwear back on to toss the tissues and grab a cold drink, Irene returned from the bathroom. We all headed out to the backyard, where I sat in the shade close to where they went back to sunbathing.

"Ashley was really crashed out, poor thing," Linda remarked, "What happened over at the playground?"

"She made a new friend," I replied, "and I think I might have, too."

I explained all about Khadija and the potential of a playdate and having her come over to meet with Linda.

"Oh, I'd totally do whatever I can to help you give this chick some orgasms," Linda said, "I know exactly how she feels and I can't even tell you how much I appreciate what you've done for me."

So, over the next couple of weeks, Khadija and I exchanged several phone calls and a lot of very flirty texts. The following weekend Ashley was with her dad again so the anticipation was building as we got a playdate scheduled for two weeks after Ashley had first met Khadija's daughter. The two of them came to Linda's house and Linda and I had a plan in place so that things weren't awkward. While the girls were in Ashley's room, Linda suggested I show Khadija what my living arrangements were, since everyone was always curious about them. I pretended like this had never crossed my mind then led her downstairs. While I was showing her around, including my private entrance, Linda convinced the girls that they should go out for a bit. She hadn't told me where she'd be taking them, just that she'd make sure we had plenty of time to ourselves for our own playdate.

Linda joined us in my room and asked Khadija if she'd mind if Linda took her daughter out for a bit. Rather than being alarmed that somebody she'd just met was asking to go off with her daughter, I could see that Khadija realized that, if she was okay with it, the two of us would end up alone. She gave Linda the go-ahead and it was only a few minutes later that we were alone.

"Am I a bad mother for pawning my daughter off on your landlord so I could be alone with you?" she asked as she slipped into my arms.

"Hmm, I don't know," I said, kissing her, "I'll need further evidence to determine if you're bad or not."

We started making out passionately, my hands dropping from her waist down to her ass. I pulled her against me, knowing she would feel my growing cock between us. She confirmed it when she slipped a hand between us and started to caress it through my shorts.

"I'm embarrassed by how long it has been since I've had my hands on a real one of these," she said, pulling her mouth away from mine, "so would you mind if I just played with it for a little bit?"

"Knock yourself out," I told her, kind of curious about what exactly she had in mind. She started to open my shorts and they were quickly at my ankles as she lowered herself to squat in front of me. She rubbed my throbbing cock through my briefs before starting to slide them down, my cock springing out in her face. I stepped out of my shorts and underwear then backed up and sat on the couch as she moved to kneel in front of me. I went ahead and removed my shirt so that I was naked, then leaned back and watched as she took my cock in her hand. She gently caressed and stroked it as well as my balls then stuck out her pink tongue and licked the head. She took the head briefly in her mouth, causing me to suck in my breath, then started to lick my balls. She continued to stroke my cock while running her tongue all over my sack then paused, looking my cock over as she held the base of it.

When she took it between her lips and slid her mouth down the length of my shaft, I had to moan because it felt so good. She was not distracted by my enthusiastic expression, continuing to slide her mouth up and down as she gently pumped the base. I don't know how long it had been since she'd sucked a cock but it didn't feel to me as if she was out of practice at all. I wasn't sure at that point if this blowjob was more about her enjoying having a cock in her mouth or more about her trying to pleasure me, though I think it may have started as one thing and become another. My attention remained on her mouth sliding up and down my throbbing tool as I savored the absolutely incredible feeling of pleasure. I didn't want to interrupt her to suggest anything else because we both seemed to be enjoying this and I figured, if she wanted to take this to completion, there would be plenty that I could do for her while I was recovering. It was nice to be able to just relax and let her control the pace as I felt the pleasure building up, not that this was the first time I'd ever done that sitting on my couch.

I did let her know, without question, how much I was enjoying her cocksucking, just in case her confidence wasn't where it should be. That may have reassured her but she was pretty focused the entire time and, for all I know, she was just appreciating the opportunity to have a hard cock in her mouth once again. I hadn't been 100% sure this would end up happening, though I had been hopeful, so I hadn't gotten myself too worked up thinking about the possibility. I also had not seen her naked yet and, despite both of those things, I could still feel my orgasm building up pretty quickly. The main reason was due to her skilled cocksucking and I was savoring every second of it. Sure, I'd had plenty of blowjobs since moving in with Linda, but each one was different and unique and all were highly pleasurable.

The only other thing that crossed my mind aside from the incredible level of pleasure I was experiencing was how wet Khadija's pussy must have been. I had every intention of devouring it as soon as I'd cum, though I was not necessarily in any hurry to do that. I wasn't trying to hold out and I don't think she was trying to draw out my pleasure so it wasn't too long before I was on the verge of cumming. My cock was swelling even further and the pleasure I was feeling was unprecedented. When I finally started spurting into her mouth with a gasp, she never even hesitated; she continued sucking me off as she swallowed my load. Only after I was completely spent did she release my cock from her hot mouth and raise her head.

"I assume that was satisfactory," she said, with a look that left no doubt that she knew it was more than satisfactory.

"Satisfactory doesn't even begin to touch on how amazing that was," I told her, "but, if you feel like getting undressed, I'll be happy to show you how much I enjoyed it."

She smiled and stood and, as she started to undress, I was glad she hadn't said that it wasn't necessary. She pulled her top up over her head, revealing a fairly sexy bra, which made me wonder if she'd been expecting me to get a look at it. She dropped her shorts, revealing a pair of panties that matched her bra and, after kicking her shorts aside, turned around to show me that it was a thong. Her ass looked so fucking amazing that I could feel my cock already trying to revive. If I'd had the capacity to look up from her ass, I'd have noted that her bra did not have a clasp in the back but I could not raise my eyes until she was facing me again. At that point, she unfastened the front clasp of her bra and separated the cups to reveal a truly lovely pair of petite breasts topped with very hard nipples. I wanted to caress and lick and suck them right away but she started to slide her panties down, which somehow distracted me.

She had a well-groomed bush that was somehow even darker than her skin, which held my attention until she leaned forward to continue sliding her panties down and I was distracted by her swinging tits. When she straightened up again, completely naked, I was surprised that my cock had not gone fully rigid again but I knew it wasn't going to take much more. I stood and took her in my arms, our naked bodies pressing together as we made out briefly. I was sure that she was completely fired up so I didn't wait long before I was leading her over to my bed. I had her sit on the edge and knelt on the floor in front of her. The first thing I did was lick and suck her hard nipples while caressing the soft, smooth flesh of her tits. She moaned softly and ran her fingers through my hair.
