 The interview was a mere formality really. Just a bit of a joke. The other three partners in the company knew my wife well. Very well, most of them having slept with her at one time or another. Rachel, my wife, had worked for the firm before we were married. At that time she was employed as little more than a junior but after sucking the cocks of all the three partners (and also myself) her rise up the corporate ladder was assured. I think my colleagues were surprised, to say the least, when I asked Rachel to marry me, but I'm a particular type of man and I was looking for a particular type of wife.

You see, I've never really been interested in women with, shall we say, regular personalities. I have a large sex drive and I needed a wife who was a complete slut. After witnessing Rachel with my colleagues on many occasions and knowing that just a word was usually enough to get her to drop her panties (if she happened to even be wearing any) at any given time, I knew that she was the girl for me.

Well, all that was ten years ago and we've been happily married since then. Rachel left the company to create a home for us and her children who were then in their early teens. God knows what her puritanical daughter would have thought if she knew that her mother would often walk around the house with a butt-plug securely placed in her behind! Anyway, the kids finally left home and Rachel decided she wanted to return to work That brings us nicely back to the interview. The partners had been looking for a senior administrator for some time without too much success. We had interviewed several candidates but none had shown the qualities that we were looking for. It was then that I broke the news of Rachel's decision to return to work. Tony and David were ecstatic, especially when I informed them that my little slut of a wife hadn't changed a bit and was still just as keen to fuck and suck as she ever was. 

Since Rachel's departure all those years ago, we had taken on another, younger partner, Tom and, of course he was unaware of my wife's talents and charms. He'd heard rumours, naturally. You couldn't work in an office like ours without the benefit of the "grapevine".

"You'll love her, Tom," enthused David, "you just gotta say the word and she'll suck you off right there at your desk!" I stood by proudly while David and Tony continued to sing my wife's praises.

"You sure you don't mind Kev?" Tom asked me with a smile. "I mean, she is your wife and all!"

"He wouldn't have it any other way, would you Kev?" Interrupted Tony

"Dead right guys! Just as long as I get to see what's going on and then take my turn with her, then me and Rach are a happy couple!"

The decision to hire her was made, subject to Tom seeing her at an interview. None of us apart from Tom thought it was necessary, but we cut our younger partner a little slack on this one and arranged the meeting for the following day.

Rachel was very excited about the possibility of a job so quickly. I didn't tell her that the position was all but hers already, just that we had a new partner and that he wanted to interview her.

Rach arrived on time and dressed in a smart business suit. I had left that morning before she was awake, so I was nicely surprised to see that she had worn her suit with the full length split in the side. The meeting was scheduled to take place in the boardroom and Tony, David and I had arranged ourselves comfortably in an office adjoining that had a small, one way mirror window. As we all watched Rach stride into the boardroom and shake hands politely with Tom, the three of us jostled for a better view at the window like teenage boys spying on the girls locker room.

The interview seemed to be progressing in a business like fashion, thus disappointing Tony, David and myself who, after having thoroughly briefed him, had hoped to see a little more action from Tom.

"Well, Rachel, let me tell you a little about the job itself and what I and the other partners will be expecting from you." Said Tom

"Well, Mr. Davenport, I think I know what you'll be expecting from me! Your colleagues always used to like this!"

Rising from her chair, Rachel turned sideways towards Tom thus allowing him a full view of her silk clad thigh through the split in her skirt.

"You're a very forward lady" said Tom, "perhaps you should be punished for that!"

Without waiting for Rachel to offer any sort of answer to his previous question, Tom grabbed her wrist and roughly pulled her towards him. Now, Rach isn't a big girl. Although she has a wonderful set of quite large tits, she stands only 5ft tall and has a slim, athletic body. She was no match for the much stronger Tom and he quickly had the helpless woman draped face down over his lap. 

"Well, well. No panties either," remarked Tom in a stern school master voice as he raised Rachel's skirt and revealed two nice round and naked buttocks. As soon as the rest of us saw her skirt come up and Rachel instinctively spread her legs over Tom's lap, we all decided it was time for us to put in an appearance. Bursting in through the door startled both Rach and Tom slightly (although I think they must have been expecting it). Rach giggled as she caught sight of me and then howled as the flat of Tom's hand came down with a sting against her behind.

"Well Hi Rach," Said David comically, "fancy seeing you here. Hope the interview is going well!"

"Hello David," she replied, her voice coming in short gasps every time Tom's hand spanked her bottom. "And Tony's here as well I see. How are those nice fat cocks of yours? I haven't seen them in ages!"

"That's very easily remedied" cried both men as they began lowering their zippers. "What say we share that slutty little mouth of hers," continued Tony "See if she sucks as well as she used to!"

As Tony and David released their throbbing erections and approached Rachel's head, it seemed that Tom had completed his chastisement. As he sat back we both looked at his handiwork. Rachel's ass was almost glistening. The cheeks were red and still quivering slightly and her legs trembled as they hung over the edge of Tom's lap. It seemed a shame to waste the wonderful upturned peach in front of us, so I suggested to Tom that we diddle both her holes for a bit while she sucked our colleagues to climax. Tom thought this a great idea, and, licking his index finger, he proceeded to push it in into my wife's hot ass. Not to be outdone, I allowed two fingers to slip easily into her pussy and began to twist and thrust them as I know Rach likes.

Down at the other end, meanwhile, Rachel was trying to moan out her encouragement for our fingers. The trouble was, that every time she opened her mouth, it was immediately filled by either David or Tony's throbbing prick. They shared her mouth with a practised ease, thrusting in and out alternately so that at no time was her mouth empty of hot cock. This, I know, is just the way my little slut likes things and in no time she was bouncing her hips off Tom's lap and forcing our fingers further and further into her quivering body.

Tony came first. It was actually while Rach had David in her mouth, but Tony's fist had been flying up and down his shaft and with a deep groan he unleashed a torrent of cum over Rachel's face. This had the desired effect on David as well. Tom and I watched as Rach swallowed time after time as he convulsed in her throat and filled her mouth to overflowing with his hot seed. As she allowed him to slip from between her lips a small trickle of semen escaped and ran down her chin. As I fingered her, I could now feel my wife's cunt begin to contract around the digits. I knew she was cumming and as Tom looked at me and smiled, his fingers still buried in her ass, I knew that he could feel it too. The orgasm seemed to go on and on as many of Rachel's climaxes do. She is also very animated when she cums and its best to keep clear of her thrashing arms and legs during orgasm! 

Finally, Rachel's moans, groans and twitching subsided, but there was to be no rest for my slut wife. I was keen to introduce more of Tom to her than just his fingers. I could see that David and Tony were now quite satisfied and had managed to catch a little of their breath. They looked over at me and seemed to know exactly what I was thinking. Within a few seconds, my wife had been bodily lifted from Tom's lap and stripped of virtually all her clothing. The only items that remained were the black, silk stockings and spiked heeled shoes that she had worn for the interview - very sexy!

Tom now started to take off his suit trousers as we prepared his "wench" for him. Tony and David draped her face down over the boardroom table and held her arms above her head (pausing every now and then to tweak one of her turgid nipples, I noticed!). This position left me free to put my hands down the inside of each of her thighs and, thus, open her legs and pussy. Tom approached the table, a very solid looking cock in his hand. We had to shuffle Rach back and forth a bit to get her into the right position, but as the polished surface was scraping over her nipples, I guessed she wouldn't mind too much!

Finally we had her in the right position and Tom was leaning in for his assault. Just as the tip of his cock touched her outer lips, Rach spoke out.

"Mmmmmm oh yeah baby, but I really want it in my ass! I need it right there! Do it for me honey! Do it for Rachel?" 

Tom looked astounded and glanced over towards me. I think he still had trouble believing that it was okay for him to fuck my wife anyway he wanted. I shrugged at him and smiled. I wasn't surprised. Rachel adores anal and besides, I knew that, earlier today in the shower she would have given her pussy a good seeing to with her favourite dildo - it stood to reason that she would want a little back door action now!

"Sure Tom," I replied as casually as I could with a finger that still smelled of Rachel's pussy and an erection that was aching painfully in my trousers, "any way she or you want to do it! She loves taking it in the ass anyway. Go on Tom, give the bitch what she wants!"

Tom needed no second invitation and quickly rubbed in the pre-cum that had formed around the head of his tool. Then, with one swift motion he thrust his entire seven odd inches into my wife's anus. Despite the earlier finger bashing that her back door had taken, the ring was still quite tight and we all heard Rachel squeal as Tom entered her. My hands were now firmly on my wife's buttocks; pulling them apart and stretching the tight hole as Tom began to fuck his cock into it. Rachel always keeps her entire nether regions free of pubic hair and from my position I had a clear, unobstructed view of my colleagues thick penis lodged securely in my wife's butt. If this is not something that you've seen before, trust me, I believe it's one of the most erotic sights in the world!

Tom pounded and pounded Rachel's butt for a full fifteen minutes before he came and we were all most impressed by the younger man's stamina. When he did cum, he came with a flourish! Calling my wife every name imaginable from "whore" to "tramp" (which I know she loves) he withdrew from her anus and splashed his seed so far up her back one spurt nearly caught David and Tony who were still holding her arms.

"Thanks for that," said Tom to me as he tucked his softening cock back into his pants. "That's a hell of a wife you got there!"

I smiled back as he, Tony and David left the boardroom. "Oh, by the way Rachel," he called back over his shoulder, "you can start on Monday!"

I laughed as I made my way over to where my wife was still face down on the table. I helped her to turn over on her back, withdrawing my own solid erection as I did.

"That's right, honey, you got the job," I said while stroking my cock up and over her nipples "Now, if you... just... wait... a... second... longer..." I grunted as I tugged on my foreskin, aiming between her sweet, round tits, "I'll..be.. giving... you... your... ah... ah... ah... REWARD!!"