 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This story is about a wealthy couple who likes to host orgies at their home. They purposely invite people of the LGBT persuasion and straight couples as well. The story contains gay sex, transsexual sex, lesbian sex. Bisexual and straight sex. Just so you know before you read it.

*****

PRELUDE

Maximillian and his wife Anastasia were waking up slowly on a Saturday morning. Max had his customary morning piss-hard-on and Anna was stroking it. They both loved morning sex to start the day. Max could feel the pressure in his bladder that morning and begged his wife to wait until he relieved himself. However, she was determined to satisfy her own desire first. 

"Anna dear, I really have to go."

"Not until I ride your cock to my satisfaction."

He knew that with her on top that he really had no choice. She was determined to climax before he was to receive any pleasure. It didn't take too long as it usually didn't, given his long thick cock. It filled her womb and glided along her clit. Max reached up and fondled her lovely breasts as she rode him. She experienced a massive orgasm and cried out.

"Oh, oh, I'm cumming."

Cum she did and drenched his pubes with her juices. Then she collapsed on him, her lovely breasts pressing into his chest. He caressed her shapely bottom as she slowly recovered. Satisfied with her first orgasm, she rolled off of her husband and freed him. Max eased his body out of bed still displaying his morning erection. He went into the bathroom but knew that it would take several minutes before he could pee. While he was in the bathroom, their maid Josephine entered the master bedroom.

"Good morning my lady, the coffee is ready and I have prepared muffins for breakfast."

"Thank you, Josie. Max is in the bathroom. We will be down shortly."

"Would there be anything else, my lady?"

"Actually yes, take off your clothes and come to bed with me."

"As you wish, my lady."

Josephine removed her chambermaid outfit and got in bed with her employer. In spite of having been satisfied by her husband, Anna was in the mood to have her pussy eaten. She loved the way that Josie ate pussy and she always looked forward to it. Anna stretched out propped up against a stack of pillows and spread her legs. The naked shapely chambermaid moved into position and lapped away at Anna's sweet pussy.

Max came out of the bathroom mand witnessed Josie on her knees in bed eating his wife's pussy. It was a familiar scene and as always, he would join in. His cock was hard by the time he got back in bed and moved behind Josie. He fondled her bottom briefly and then eased his cock into Josie's pussy. The maid gasped into Anna's pussy when she felt the sizeable cock enter her. She loved being fucked by the big dick as she devoured her employer's pussy.

"Oh, my lord, my lady, may I turn over?"

"Of course, my lovely. Max let her get on her back."

Max backed out of the maid's pussy and she rolled to her back. He re-entered her and began to move again. Josephine was now in a euphoric state as the big cock filled her womb and stayed in contact with her clit. Anna straddled the pretty face and Josie resumed eating pussy. Max fondled the pert breasts as he drilled the tight pussy. 

Within minutes they were all cumming. Max flooded Josie's womb as Anna creamed her face. Josie experience a massive climax as she always did with the big cock. They separated but Josie remained in bed as Max and Anna cleansed their bodies and got dressed. Once the couple left the bedroom, Josie got out of bed, douched her pussy and got dressed. Then she went about straightening up the room, changing the sheets and making the bed. Max and Anna entered the dining room where the butler Reginald greeted them.

"Good morning my lord, my lady."

"Good morning Reggie," they both replied.

"Josephine has prepared muffins for you," Reggie said as he poured their coffee. 

They smiled and nodded. The butler served the muffins and then excused himself.

"If there is nothing else, I will go and check on Josephine to see if she needs any help"

Max dismissed him and he left the dining room. Reggie made his way up the stairs and looked for Josephine. He was looking forward to fucking her sweet ass again. He loved her ass and she liked his slender tapered cock. It was perfect for anal sex. He found her carrying the sheets, soiled from the morning sex, in a laundry basket. He whisked her into another bedroom and had her kneel on the floor by the side of the bed. He fished his cock and testicles out through the fly opening in his pants. He lifted her short maid uniform skirt and pulled her panties down to her knees.

Reggie took the tube of lube from his pocket. He always had it with him as he never knew when he may be called on to fuck Anna's lovely bottom or take Josie as he was now. He prepared her anus and then entered the maid's curvy bottom. Josie leaned over the bed and sighed as the slender shaft eased into her nether hole. She loved anal sex with Reggie as there was no pain or discomfort and she loved having him cum in her ass.

Back in the dining room, Max and Anna were having a second cup of coffee and reading the morning paper. When they did not see their maid or butler for some time, they knew just what was going on. Max smiled and spoke.

"I suppose that Reggie is enjoying Josie's bottom about now."

"Yes, I'm sure of that. He does have the perfect cock for anal sex. I know that I enjoy it."

"Both you and Josie have such desirable derierres."

"Yes, we do but we could never take your cock back there."

"Pity, I would love to do you both but I understand. I will just have to wait until the party or we could invite Deidre and Paul over for drinks."

"She is quite amazing. So beautiful and yet such a slut. Remember the last party when I think that she had nearly every cock"

"Yes, and that scene with her taking three at the same time was something."

"Speaking of the party, let's review the guest list again. I think we have all the responses."

"Good idea, the party is only a week away."

MAX AND ANNA

Maximillian and Anna Lutz were a very wealthy couple in the early thirties. Max was 32 and Anna 30. They were a very handsome couple with Anna having long flowing blonde, daring blue eyes and a marvelous 35-28-35 figure. She stood at 5'6" and weighed a trim 125 pounds. Her legs were beautiful and she loved wearing miniskirts to show them off. Max was just over six feet tall and weighted a very fit 180 pounds. He had dark brown curly hair and hazel eyes that looked right through people. He worked out regularly in their home gym and swam in the inground pool.

They met in college and after graduation they started a magazine business. It was a big success and they sold it to a national publishing company two years earlier. They made millions and enjoyed their financial freedom. The first year they traveled all over the world and then they built the stately home and hired Reginald and Josephine. 

In the course of investing their fortune, building and decorating the home they met a number of people. Many of those they encountered had various sexual orientations and they found themselves intrigued with the LGBT community. They socialized with many of them and then got the idea of hosting LGBT parties at their home. The parties started out as social gatherings but, on a few occasions, they had guests stay the night and experimented with them sexually. Josie and Reggie had already been sex partners with their employers so they too participated with the guests.

It was Anna who came up with the idea of hosting diverse sex parties for their LGBT acquaintances. The party started small but eventually it grew in numbers and turned into an orgy. The stately house was huge and could easily accommodate the overnight guests. The lower level had the extensive home gym exercise equipment and more floor mats were added to facilitate group sex. 

Now with the next party just a week away, Max and Anna looked over the list of guests who would be attending. 

THE LGBT PARTY GUEST LIST

"Max, Deidre and Paul have accepted and they will be here."

"Good, I'll look forward to fucking that fantastic ass of hers."

"Yes, and Paul will be after me and Josie, he loves blondes."

"It's probably because Deidre is Eurasian, dark and mysterious."

"Probably, oh Andre and Carl are coming."

"I assume they are coming as Andrea and Carla. They did last time. Andrea is something with the soft shapely body of a woman and a big dick. Carla looks more masculine than Andrea."

"Many of our guests enjoy fucking and sucking Andrea. Ricky and Jerry will be here too."

"They were active at the last party sucking and getting fucked by a lot of dicks."

"Speaking of which, our bi-friends, Barry and Vern will be attending."

"Ricky and Jerry will be happy to see them. Who else?" 

"Joannie and Larry, Barb and Ron, the bi-couples and our lesbian friends, Veronica and Samantha."

"Ronnie and Sam are beautiful together with you and Josie when you're eating each other. The bi-couples will be interesting as one never knows who they will hook up with."

"Oh, it was so hot the last time to see Larry fucking Andrea in the ass while Joannie sucked Andrea's cock."

"I am going to go for Joannie's ass this time. I think she is ready."

"Make sure that you have plenty of lube for that cock of yours."

"She'll get butt fucked by a few guys before me so she'll be stretched out some."

"Well talking about our party guests has got me horny again. Let's go to the lower level and have Reggie and Josie join us. I'm in the mood for two cocks."

Reggie and Josie were summoned to join their employers in the lower level. The four of them removed all of their clothes and positioned themselves on the mats. Max was on his back as Josie sucked him to hardness. Then Anna straddled her husband and groaned as she lowered herself onto his large cock. Josie turned her attention to Reggie and sucked his dick getting him hard and then she lubed Anna's anus.

Reggie moved in behind his employer and eased his cock into her ass. Josie move to the side and fondled Anna's swaying breasts. The two women kissed as Anna was drilled with two cocks. It didn't take long for Anna to orgasm as she had been hot before the dicks were in her. The guys had not cum but they were fine with that as Josie was next. 

Anna moved to the side and lay on her back next to her husband. Josie mounted Max and then she felt Reggie fill her ass for a second time that morning. The guys got a rhythm going as they had done this before. Josie loved the double penetration and she reached over with her hand to play with Anna's pussy. 

Anna scooted up on the mat and moved closer to the three bodies. Now Josie could lean over and lick Anna's pussy. She wished that Anna had a cock but she went to town on the pussy. Reggie was the first to cum and he shot his load into Josie's sweet ass. Josie then orgamsed grinding her pussy onto the big cock. Max was the last to cum but he shot a massive load into the maid's womb. The threesome remained motionless for nearly a minute and then Anna reminded Josie to finish what she started. Minutes later she was dousing the maid's face with female nectar.

They separated and relaxed on the mats for a while longer. Then max announced he was going for a swim and then the Jacuzzi. Anna joined him and told Reggie and Josie that they could too after they cleaned up the room. Max and Anna walked out the lower level, across the pool deck and waded into the pool. They were still naked as they usually were when swimming or using the Jacuzzi or Sauna. Their property was completely private.

PARTY TIME

The following Saturday the party was underway by 2:00 PM. Bar was stocked and the caterer had delivered the appetizers. As people arrived, they greeted each other with the European kisses, both cheeks touching as the kisses were blown into the air. Everyone was dressed in tasteful attire as they would attending a cocktail party. Andre came as Andrea and looked gorgeous in a miniskirt and snug top with no bra. Carl followed suit and came as Carla wearing a very tight-fitting pants suit. Carla's legs were muscular and not shapely or as feminine looking as Andrea's.

All the women wore miniskirts with a variety of tops. There were tube tops, halter tops, cotton blouses but no one wore a bra. Most of them had on a thong panty under the skirts. Many a hand would be feeling the bare buns as the party progressed. The guys all wore slacks and sport shirts. Ricky and Jerry wore particularly tight slacks showing off their curvy asses. 

By 3:30 things were picking up. Drinks and appetizers were enjoyed and there was plenty of grab ass going on. People were getting hot and in the mood. A few halter tops had been untied and lovely breasts were displayed. Joannie's pert 34B cup breasts looked fantastic and she soon had the two lesbians Sam and Ronnie on either side of her. They began fondling her breasts with one hand and the other was under the skirt cupping the curvy buttocks. 

Every one watched as Sam and Ronnie removed Joannie's clothes and went to work on the hot blonde's body. Ronnie was on her knees eating Joannie's pussy and Sam was behind rimming the gorgeous ass. Joannie didn't last long and orgamsed with an audible outcry. She dropped to the floor and let out a big sigh. Joannie wasn't given much time to rest as Vern put her on all fours and fucked her from behind. Barry, now naked, offered her his cock to suck. Minutes later Vern lubricated her ass and moved his cock from her pussy to her bottom. 

Others were now getting in on the action. Andrea was naked as was Carla who was fucking Andrea in the ass while they both remained standing. Carla's tits were pressing into Andrea's back and Carla had reached around to grab Andrea's lovely breasts. Ricky had stripped and he dropped down on his knees to suck Andrea's impressive cock. Jerry moved behind his lover and slipped his cock into Ricky's curvy effeminate bottom. Barb was on her knees with Reggie's cock in her ass. She loved his cock and it was the only one she would take in her ass.

On the floor Josie, Sam and Ronnie were eating each other. They were arranged so that Sam was eating Josie who was eating Ronnie who was eating Sam. Paul, infatuated with the blonde beauty, was fucking Anna. Larry had moved over to Barb so she could suck his cock while Reggie fucked her ass. Max was on his back with Deidre riding his massive tool. Ron was in her ass after lubing it thoroughly. Deidre's ass was not as snug as the other women and Ron knew it was because Max had fucked her butt many times. 

There were massive ejaculations and intense orgasms throughout and occasionally the guests would take a break and get something to eat and drink. The clothes remained off as other couplings would take place well into the evening. Joannie now had three cocks in her and she was the first one besides Deidre to ever do that at the party. Barry was in her pussy, Vern her mouth and Ron in her ass. Max was glad to see Joannie with a second cock in her ass as he still planned to introduce her to his big dick.

Ricky and Jerry were on all fours getting fucked in the ass. Andrea was fucking Ricky and Carla was fucking Jerry. It was a hot looking scene to see the two sets of tits swaying as they fucked the curvy gay asses. Then the foursome rearranged themselves so that Ricky and Jerry could suck the other's cock as they were fucked. The two pretty gay guys got in a 69-position on their sides so they could suck cock. Andrea and Carla also on their sides resumed fucking Ricky and Jerry.

The lifeless body of Joannie was on the floor having been fucked by four guys and eaten by the two lesbians. Max looked at her fantastic ass and moved over to her. She had been thoroughly lubed earlier and had several loads dumped in her rectum. Max lifted her by her hips and she turned her face to the side. She looked completely out of it and seemingly unaware of what was going on around her. Max moved forward and eased his cock into her bottom.

The thick soft mushroom shaped head moved passed her anus and was immediately met with resistance. Joannie's eyes opened as wide as saucers and she tried to move away. Max held her hips firmly and pushed more of his thick meat into her rectum. The sphincter grabbed it and tried to expel it but to no avail. He pushed until a couple of inches were in her ass. He could feel her sphincter muscle surrounding the first couple inches of his cock. Her body was covered with goose bumps. He slowly slid his dick in and out of her each time going a little deeper. The pain and pressure for Joannie slowly subsided and was replaced with a feeling of fullness.

"Oh my God, you feel so big, I feel so full." 

He reached around and played with her clit as he slowly fucked her ass. Her pussy and rectum were on fire as the big cock reached sensitive areas in her body. She was on the brink of another huge orgasm as he methodically fucked her in her tight ass with just half of his sizeable cock. He loved watching her ass impaled on his cock. Joannie looked so submissive and vulnerable on all fours as his cock filled her bottom. Her orgasm surged within her as he fucked her ass harder and faster. 

As she orgasmed her entire body went into spasm. Her pussy convulsed and clamped around his fingers coating them with her love juice. Her nether hole pulsated as he drove his big cock in and out of it. Her ass involuntarily squeezed and released his huge member as he fucked it causing him to finally lose it. He slid his pecker half way into her rectum as his cock spasmed and sent a thick stream of hot cum into her channel. His cock kept twitching and spurting inside the impaled sexy woman. She felt so full of cum and there was nowhere for it to go as it was blocked by the swollen member in her rectum. He slowed his pace and eventually stopped, allowing his cock to remain in her ass. He did not go soft right away and he gently moved his hips pushing cum around in her. Some of it trickled out and ran down over her pussy lips. 

He eventually stopped and slowly withdrew his cock from her loosened bottom. He marveled in the sight of his cock sliding out of her shapely ass. Joannie looked magnificent with her just fucked curvy ass in the air. It was much better than fucking Deidre's loose rectum, although he knew that in time Joannie would be stretched out too. The beautiful blonde collapsed on the floor and lay motionless. 

People needing a break made their way outside. Some entered the pool and some opted for the jacuzzi. It was a marvelous sight to see so much gorgeous naked flesh. They didn't have sex in the pool or Jacuzzi but they did cuddle and caress one another. Reggie and Josie provided all the guests with towels and also served drinks as requested. 

The party resumed inside and the highlight of the evening was Deidre. She decided that she wanted five cocks pleasuring her. Her request was satisfied with Larry on his back with his cock in her ass. She leaned back against him as he held her full breasts. Vern then filled her pussy and Paul shoved his cock in her mouth. Both Barry and Ron knelt on either side of her so she could stroke their cocks. It was not important that the guys ejaculated as long Deidre fulfilled her desire. 

Sam was into anal and decided that for the first time she wanted a male cock instead of a dildo in her ass. The best choice was Reggie with his slender tapered cock. She was on her knees as he got behind and gently fucked her ass. Barb now was being plowed by Max as Anna rode her face. Josie and Ronnie hooked up again in a 69 position. Ricky and Jerry got to fuck Andrea and Carla. The aroma of sex was rampant in the house.

No one knew how many orgasms the women had or how many times the guys had ejaculated. However, by 8:00 PM everyone was drained and sexually sated. All the guests had the option of staying the night or leaving. They all opted to stay over. Max and Anna left them to decide their own sleeping arrangements. Each of the bedrooms had two double beds and could accommodate four guests. There would not be anymore sex that night so it really didn't matter who slept with who. 
