 My boyfriend, Grant, and I had planned on a little weekend trip on the lake. We’d been planning the little get away for weeks. At the last minute, Grant’s best friend from college, Paul, called. Paul and his wife, Claudette, were going to be in town that weekend and wanted to stop by. Before I knew what was happening, Grant had happily invited them to spend the weekend with us on the lake. When Grant hung up the phone, one look at me told him how thrilled I was about the whole thing. I had been planning on a little one-on-one time between the two of us. So much for that idea.

As the weekend rolled around, I grew more used to the idea of spending the time with friends. I figured Claudette and I could lay out in the sun while the guys fished or whatever. I could handle that. I’d just put the romance I had planned on hold until after the weekend.

We had agreed to meet up with Paul and Claudette out at the lake. Early Friday morning, Grant and I pulled up to the boat dock, unhitched the boat, and waited for Paul and Claudette. After about fifteen minutes, they pulled up. I’d meet Grant before but had never met Claudette. Paul is a lot like Grant. Tall, dark hair, athletic build. Grant tends to smile more than Paul but Paul has a dry sense of humor I can appreciate. When I first laid eyes on Claudette, I was stunned. She had an earthy beauty about her that made her more than just attractive. Her blond hair was pulled back in a clip at the base of her neck. She was wearing denim shorts and a white t-shirt. Her sunglasses were sliding down her nose and she was laughing at something Paul had said. When I finally got myself together, I moved forward to meet both of them.

After getting settled on board, we cast off and headed out onto the lake. Paul and Grant were already playing one-upmanship, catching up where they’d left off. Claudette and I were getting acquainted, putting away all the groceries in the galley. When we’d finally stopped in a secluded area off the main part of the lake, Claudette and I decided to get a little sun. Slipping into my swimsuit, I headed out on deck. Paul and Grant were on the other side of the boat casting lines for fish. As I laid a towel on my lounge car, Claudette came up from below. She was wearing a skimpy white two-piece that made her legs look like they went on forever. I suddenly found myself feeling overwhelmed by her.

For nearly ten minutes, we laid in silence. Finally, Claudette asked if I wouldn’t might putting some lotion on her back. I said sure and sat up. As I grabbed the bottle of lotion, Claudette reached up and unhooked the top of her bikini. I didn’t know what to do. I stared at her neck and then let my eyes wander down to her chest. She had gorgeous breasts, round, firm and tan. She turned her back to me and held up her hair. Squirting a little lotion in my hand, I gently rubbed her back. Claudette sighed and shivered as the cool lotion met with her warm skin. 

I couldn’t help but feel an excitement build as I rubbed the lotion over Claudette. As I finished her back, I turned to settle back in my chair. Claudette had other ideas. Turning over, she laid on her back and asked me to lotion her front. I didn’t know quite what to do. I didn’t want to her think that I was uncomfortable. I wasn’t even sure if I was uncomfortable or not. I knew that I was getting aroused but had never had this reaction with a woman before. I took the bottle of lotion in my hand again and slowly dropped a dollop or two into my palm. Leaning over Claudette, I worked the lotion into her stomach first. She moaned silently and closed her eyes. I slowly moved my hands up her stomach, to just below her breasts. My hands hesitated and Claudette opened her eyes. We stared at one another, not saying a word, then quietly, in almost a whisper, Claudette said, “Touch me.”

Those two little words sent shivers down my back and straight to the mound between my legs. I looked Claudette in the eyes and without blinking slowly moved my hands up and cupped the underside of her breasts. She felt heavy and firm in my hands. And I noticed that the shape of her breasts fit my hands perfectly. Claudette closed her eyes and sighed as I moved my lotioned fingers over her breasts, working slowly from the underside of her orbs and up around the sides to rub the top of her chest. Her nipples had grown hard, forming small brown nubs that seemed to throb before my eyes. 

Looking down, I watched my hands as if they were someone else’s. My fingers splayed out over her skin. Her nipples were getting harder and harder. Moving my fingers down, sliding them over her skin, I brushed the tips of my fingers over her nipples. Claudette took a quick breath and sighed, pushing her chest out to me. I couldn’t believe how I felt. Just touching her skin was driving me crazy. I could feel myself getting more and more aroused. My bikini bottoms were sopping wet.

My fingers kept moving over Claudette, squeezing, rubbing, massaging. I pushed my fingers down over her nipples, flicking my nail over her nub. She moaned. I flicked her brown nipple again, over and over again. Taking her mounds in my hands, I pushed them together and rubbed back and forth. Claudette was breathing quicker, short gasps coming from her mouth. Closing my forefinger and thumb around her nipple, I pinched gently. When Claudette moaned louder, I squeezed harder, pulling on her tight little nipple. 

I played with Claudette’s tits, working my fingers over her nipples and squeezing with my hands. Claudette leaned back, bracing her upper body on her arms. Her chest rose up, daring me. I smiled and knew I had to try it. I had to taste those brown little nipples. Leaning forward, I did what I love to have Grant do. Using just the tip of my tongue, I slowly circled Claudette’s right nipple, never actually touching her nub. Claudette moaned and pushed her tit up further into my face. Moving to her other breast, I repeated the slow circles, torturing her. Finally, when neither of us could stand it any longer, I flicked my tongue over her left nipple and pulled it into my mouth. Closing my lips around her, I sucked slowly, savoring the flavor and sensation. I couldn’t believe it. Here I was sucking on another woman’s nipple and my husband was just a boat-length away. I sucked harder and faster.

Claudette moaned and pushed upwards, pushing her breast into my mouth. My hair flowed down covering her chest as I suckled at her nipples. She moved my hair with the flick of her hand and watched as my lips closed over her other nipple and sucked hard. My fingers played with the wet nipple I had just had in my mouth. I moaned at the sheer deliciousness of what I was doing. Suddenly, I felt another sensation I hadn’t been expecting. Claudette had reached up and was rubbing my breast through my bikini top. 

Slowly, her fingers massaged my nipple, pulling and tugging it. I sucked harder on her nipple. Claudette reached up and untied my top, pulling it to the side. My own full breasts dangled down, swinging gently. Claudette’s fingertips reached up to meet my engorged nipples, squeezing and teasing. I couldn’t stand it. I moaned and sat up. Claudette, knowing what I craved, leaned forward and took my right nipple in her mouth. I closed my eyes and moaned. Her mouth was warm and so wet. Her suck was different than Grant’s, more delicate. She pulled my breast into her mouth and sucked slow and deliberately. Her hand reached up and touched my other breast and squeezed. 

When her mouth finally tore away from my nipple, we looked at each other, our breathing quick and short. Her hand snaked up around my neck and she pulled me down to her. Our lips met and we kissed liked lovers. Claudette’s tongue pushed my lips open, wedging itself between my lips. I moaned and sucked on the tip of her tongue as our kiss deepened. I felt a rush through my body. My pussy was drenched and I didn’t care what happened next, just so long as I had Claudette.

Sitting up, I looked at Claudette. Her lips were red and full. I leaned over and kissed her quickly. Sitting up again, I reached down and ran my hand up her thigh. She watched as my hand stroked her skin, rubbing gently against her thigh. I felt my breathing get faster. I knew what I wanted and I was excited. As my hand slowly explored her thigh, Claudette opened her legs a little. Her white bikini bottoms were wet. Pushing her legs wider apart, I stroked her inner thigh. Finally, not able to wait anymore, my fingers reached down and skimmed over her bikini-covered pussy. She moaned and laid back. I was encouraged. 

Running the tip of my finger up and down gently, I touched Claudette. I could fee her wetness and her heat through her bikini. Reaching up, I hooked my fingers inside the top of her bikini bottoms and gently tugged them down. Claudette lifted herself up, letting me remove her only shred of clothing. She was as glorious naked as she was in a bikini. I opened her legs once again and stared at her naked, bare pussy. Her lips were red, swollen and wet. Not taking my eyes off her, I slowly ran my finger over her bare pussy. She moaned, arching up. Slipping the tip of my finger just inside her lips, I stroked her. I was amazed at how similar she felt to me. I love the way my fingers feel when I slide them inside me just enough to give me the tingle of having something in me. Evidently, Claudette loved it too.

Moving my finger up and down, I stroked her pussy lips. I needed to know even more. Leaning down, I opened her legs further. I’d never done this before but somehow I knew it would be incredible. Laying between her legs, I gently licked her lips with my tongue. Claudette sighed. She tasted a little like me but with an extra spice. I guessed it to be her body wash. My tongue pushed deeper inside her and I tasted even more of her. Her clit was hard and felt good between my lips as I sucked her. Claudette moaned and pushed upwards. 

As I ate her pussy, Claudette reached down and petted my head. She was moaning and writhing under me. I brought her quickly to an orgasm, loving how my mouth filled with her flavor as she shook uncontrollably around me. I stood up and removed my bottoms as Claudette watched me, her breathing hard and quick. She grabbed my hand, pulling me to her. Positioning me above her head, I moaned as I felt her tongue push up against me, licking me wildly. I had a feeling she had done this before. Her tongue moved with an experienced grace over my lips and down to my ass. 

Leaning forward, I pressed my tongue to her pussy. Our sixty-nine position was intense as we both licked and sucked and fingered the other. I felt my orgasm building rapidly and didn’t even try to hold back. I pushed down on her finger and tongue, letting my body shake with pleasure. As my orgasm subsided, Claudette shook with another climax. I heard a sound and looked up to find Grant and Paul watching us. I smiled at Grant and opened Claudette’s pussy wider with my fingers. I leaned down and ran my tongue over her clit and Claudette moaned, pushing up to meet my tongue. I suddenly had an idea. I looked up at Grant and said, “I want to watch you fuck her. I want Paul to fuck me while you fuck Claudette.”

Claudette heard me and I felt her push her finger even further up inside my pussy. She loved the idea as much as I did. Neither Grant nor Paul moved at first. Then, slowly, as understanding dawned on them, they both began to undress. I watched Grant slip his shorts off and saw his cock was already hard and ready. I love Grant’s cock because he’s so thick. He’s not especially long, but god is he thick. It always feels like he’s splitting me in two. I couldn’t wait to watch him fuck Claudette’s tight little pussy. I looked over at Paul and knew I wasn’t going to be disappointed. He was longer than Grant and not as thick but he curved upwards at the tip which was sure to give me an extra sensation.

Grant moved over to stand in front of me. I reached up with one hand, not taking my fingers from Claudette’s pussy, and grabbed hold of Grant’s cock. He moaned as I pulled him between my lips, sucking the tip of his cock. He loves it when I wrap just my lips around his head and pull, sucking slowly. I did that now, wanting him hard and throbbing. I think Claudette was doing the same to Paul. Her tongue had left my pussy and I heard Paul moan. I sucked Grant into my mouth all the way and then pulled him out. Slowly, I guided his cock into Claudette’s open pussy. As his head disappeared between her lips, both Claudette and Grant moaned. 

As Grant slowly worked his cock into Claudette, I felt my own experience starting. Paul slowly guided the tip of his cock into my pussy. As he entered me, I felt his curved cock push against my pussy walls. It felt amazing. Where Grant filled me, stretching me, Paul curved against me, pushing my pussy upwards. Paul grabbed my ass and slowly started to work his cock in and out. Grant was thrusting faster into Claudette now. I watched and flicked a finger over her clit making her groan. I felt a tongue around my pussy and knew that Claudette was licking Paul’s balls as he fucked me. I knew my orgasm was just around the corner. I pushed back and felt Paul pull me to him as he rammed his cock deeper into me. I shivered and squeezed my pussy around his cock.

Grant was busy ramming his cock deeper and deeper into Claudette. She moaned and I felt her underneath me, shaking. Grant pulled out. Taking his wet cock in my mouth, I sucked him, loving the way Claudette tasted on him. I had another idea that I had to share. I looked up at him, “Grant, I want you to fuck Claudette’s ass while Paul fucks her.” 

Grant’s eyes got bigger. I looked over my shoulder at Paul. He pulled out slowly. Crawling off of Claudette, I asked her if she wanted to be fucked by two men at once. She replied, “Only if I get to lick your pussy while they fuck me.”

Well, who was I to argue. Paul laid down on the lounge chair, his cock standing straight up. Claudette slowly lowered herself onto her husband’s cock. I leaned down, licking Claudette’s ass, getting her ready to receive Grant. Grant reached down between my legs, rubbing his fingers over my pussy, getting his fingers wet. I smiled as he covered his cock with my juices. Straddling the lounge, Grant positioned himself behind Claudette and slowly pushed his thick cock into her tight little ass. She moaned, rearing upwards with her head. Paul stopped fucking her long enough for her to get used to Grant. He pushed deeper inside her. She was moaning like crazy. 

Moving over, I bent over a chair, my ass in her face and my breasts over Paul’s mouth. Spreading me wide, Claudette began licking me, her tongue pushing deep into my pussy. Paul fucked her pussy, while Grant fucked her ass. Claudette ate my pussy and Paul sucked my tits. It was the most fucking incredible experience of my life. We were rocking the boat, fucking and sucking, moaning and groaning. Finally, Claudette moaned, pushing down and back. Paul thrust upwards and I knew he was filling his wife’s pussy with his cum. Grant rammed deeper inside Claudette and came hard. Just hearing all of them moaning pushed me over the edge and I came in a rush. Claudette and I both crawled on our knees in front of them as Paul and Grant shot the rest of the cream onto us. I took Grant’s cock in my mouth as Claudette took Paul’s and we sucked, cleaning their dripping rods.

The four of us collapsed on deck, spent and exhausted. After a while, we went down below and fucked in the galley while other boats went by. All weekend, we fucked like rabbits, never letting up unless we were sleeping. Claudette and Paul are coming out next weekend with us and might even bring a couple of friends. For my part, I love when Grant invites friends for the weekend. It’s a fucking good time.