 Part 1

 They were older when they met at work. Both had relationships that had not worked out. Both fell in love with the bright, cheery attitude of the other. They dated for a long while, not wanting to ruin the relationship with sexual contact. Instead they courted each other, sending each other funny cards and flowers and little gifts. They would leave special items on each other's desks. They were falling deeply in love, and as with all relationships, conversation over pleasant wines would and could turn to talk of sex.

Bob had always fantasized about the diversity of the sexual relationship. He had often wondered what oral sex felt like for a woman, and what she would feel when having oral sex with a man. Often, he would think he was gay, or at least bisexual. In his sexual relationships in the past, he had often kissed a woman deeply after she performed oral sex on him, savoring the taste and smell of a man. He would often perform oral sex on a partner after intercourse. And this night, he shared his sexual reality with Marcy.

Marcy had never had sex with a woman, and had never even considered the possibility. She had some trouble relating to what Bob was telling her. And, of course, her first reaction was the typically that of a 30 year old single female .."just as I thought, all the good ones are gay!". But somehow, listening to this handsome, sexy man relate his innermost sexual feelings to her was quite a turn on.

She point blank asked him, "Are you gay?"

Bob was not offended at all by the inquiry, and answered truthfully, without hesitation, "I had a sexual experience with a man. It happened about 10 years ago, after a bachelor party that was being held quite a distance from my home. They were showing X-rated movies, and to say the least they were doing their job. I was feeling quite aroused. The guy I was staying with at the hotel noticed that I was getting pretty drunk, and suggested we go back to our room and get some rest so we'd be ready for the wedding early the next afternoon. I found out later that he was bisexual. Anyway, when we got back to the hotel, I stripped and dropped into the bed, feeling a little woozy from all the booze. I put one leg on the floor to stop the room from spinning. I must have passed out, for the next thing I remembered, was a hand on my crotch, rubbing me. I was getting turned on again, and not really thinking about who it was. I turned my head and opened my eyes, and here was my friends hard dick just inches from my face. At first I was surprised, then curious, and finally sucking," Bob explained.

"You sucked a man?" Marcy asked, not disdainfully, but rather with a certain curiously sexual inference.

Bob continued, "Yeah, for a few seconds. Unfortunately, the dizzying effects of the alcohol were still all to powerful, and I got up from the bed, bounded into the bathroom and threw up. Poor guy must have thought that I was totally repulsed by the moment."

Marcy curled her legs up into a ball on her couch, and leaned toward Bob. She was getting quite turned on by this conversation, and she didn't understand why. She had been physically sickened in the past, when she and her girlfriends had spoken on the sex habits of gay men.

"What happened when you came back into the room? she asked.

"I laid down on the other bed. He came over to me, sucked on my cock for a few moments. Turned into a 69 and offered his cock to me again," Bob explained.

"Apparently he didn't think you were too disgusted by it," she laughed.

"Yeah, apparently not," Bob laughed in return. "We continued sucking on each other, until I passed out. I woke up the next morning with him naked next to me. I don't think anything else happened. We just got up, showered, and went to the wedding. Nothing was ever said of the events of that night again."

"Have you had sex with a man since?" she asked. She was surprised by her need to know. It was quite obvious that this conversation was having a effect on her. She had pulled her knees up into her chest, looking like a little schoolgirl waiting for the next tasty tidbit of gossip. But her face told another story. He face was flushed, and her breathing was labored. She was having trouble forming the words.

"A few years ago, when I lived in Phoenix, a man who was a friend of my ex-wife's asked if I wanted to go out for drinks. On the way back to my house, he asked if I was into sex. I, of course said, yes. He then leaned over and kissed me, putting his hand on my crotch. I pushed him away, quite violently, which I've always thought was kind of funny. I did not hesitate to stick a man's cock in my mouth, but just the thought of kissing a man gave me the heebie-jeebies," Bob explained as his voice trailed off.

Marcy could tell from Bob's actions that there was more to tell, and she now desperately wanted to hear it.

"What happened next?" she asked, hoping for something special. She wasn't disappointed.

"We drove the rest of the way in silence. Him feeling totally mortified. I was feeling ... I was feeling... hell, I don't know what I was feeling. Slightly turned on. The memory of what a cock felt like in my mouth was very vivid. I did want to try it again."

Bob stopped for a moment, reached over for his glass of wine, took a big drink and continued. Marcy repositioned herself on the couch, with one of her heels rubbing her in such a way that she was now not only getting aural, but physical inspiration as well!

"When we arrived back at my house, we parked in an adjacent parking lot. It was protected by old cottonwoods. No one can see in, and you can't see out. We got out of my car, you know that old Beetle I had when I first came here? And we walked toward the house in silence. As we passed his truck, I stopped, grabbed his arm, and climbed into the bed of his pickup. I unzipped my pants, he did the same, and we were naked from the waist down in seconds. He lay down and I arranged myself in a 69 over him. I slipped his cock slowly into my mouth. And then went crazy, sucking, licking. I took him all the way in. I could feel his cock curving down my throat. It was all way to much for him and he started to cum. It seemed like gallons. I didn't think of swallowing or what to do with it in my mouth, I just kept pumping my hand and my head in unison on his cock until he finished. He rolled me over and finished me off in a minute or so. We straightened up and went into the house. His wife was due to arrive in a few moments, so I opened a bottle of wine for them and sat down on my chair and watched some TV. We said NOTHING until she arrived. I offered her a drink, she asked how our evening went, I said just fine, and they left. I never saw them again."

Marcy was getting totally flushed. She had never been turned on by sex talk, and had been repulsed by the thought of two men together, but this man was getting even more gorgeous in her eyes with his honesty and candor. Those were traits she admired most in men. She reached out and touched his cheek. It would from this point forward, be her way of expressing acceptance of whatever they discussed. When they would fight, when the issue was resolved, she would smile and touch his cheek in the same way.

"I thank you for telling me these things. I am surprised because you seem so masculine. I am also very attracted to you right now." She lowered her face, looking at the floor.

"Can we go upstairs?" she quietly asked.

Bob leaned forward, kissed her on the cheek, grabbed her hand and led her upstairs. That night, they made love. It should have been hot and nasty, as the previous revelations would seem to have dictated. Instead it was warm and loving. It was sensual. They shared every inch of their bodies. There was no awkwardness as is usually the case with the first time, but rather a sensual, loving, slow experience of lovemaking. They would make love, sleep a short while then wake up and start over. No part was off limits, no part went untouched. Early in the morning, with the sun raising, they finally fell asleep.

Part 2

When Marcy woke, with Bob lying next to her, she had wondered how this had happened so quickly. Well, quickly for their plan. They had been dating for nearly a year and a half now. That was an eternity for most couples. She looked at him and realized that she was deeply in love with this man. She also realized that she wanted to experience some of the same things that he had. Maybe even with women. Her mind raced with thought. As she kissed him the night before, after he had so completely satisfied her orally, she could not help but wonder what he had felt. She licked his chin and face to taste herself. At one point, when he was lovingly between her legs, she lifted a breast to her mouth and sucked on her nipple, wondering about other women and sharing them with Bob. She also visualized her with another man, with Bob there. She reached over and touched his cheek. He moved slightly, taking a deep contented sigh, and rolled on his back. She kissed his lips. He awakened, somewhat startled. They laughed and made love again. And she knew that her sexual secrets needed to be shared as well.

The next few days were filled with lazy lovemaking. Since it was the weekend, they could listen to music, or take a walk hand in hand, make some experimental food dishes, and just generally chill. While working on a special pasta salad, Marcy looked timidly at Bob and said she had something she needed to tell him, but was nervous about it.

"As long as it doesn't involve sheep in Times Square, you have no reason to be nervous. And even if it is sheep in Times Square, I'll be accepting if you have the associated video tape", Bob teased with a sly smile on his face.

Marcy laughed. She had such an infectious laugh when something tickled her. It would start as a silent shaking of shoulders. Eventually, her face would turn red and her eyes would water. And nobody was immune. One look at her beautifully contorted face, and you found yourself in a similar situation. She laughed so hard, she needed to lean on Bob for support. He wrapped his arms around her and laughed as well. Not so much at his lame attempt at humor, but from her hysteria!

Marcy began to calm down. Taking short staccato breaths, not unlike those associated with a good cry. Bob looked down to make sure it was still from laughter. And it dawned on him she was laughing, not so much from what he said, but from nervousness. He took his hand and lifted her face to his, and gently kissed her on the lips.

"You can tell me anything," he said as he kissed her again.

She returned his kiss with passion. She took both of her hands and held his face, pulled his lips to her. She gently ran her tongue around his lips and mouth. Pausing to gently suck on his upper lip, then his lower, and then finally, a hot passionate kiss. She felt safe. She felt secure. She set aside the pasta, covered it with a tea towel, and took his hand, leading him to the living room and her couch.

"I have secrets, too. I want to tell you about them. Is that okay?"

"Of course, you can tell me anything!" he said.

"And you promise you won't be jealous or angry?" she asked with a look of near panic.

What was she going to tell him? He knew that as in love as he was, there could be things she could say that may make him feel uncomfortable, maybe even jealous. He could not imagine what they could be, though.

"I can't promise I won't have a tinge of jealousy. I think I can promise that I won't get angry. As much as I am dying to hear what you want to share, I must be honest."

Marcy reached out, and gently touched his cheek and said, "Thank you. I love your honesty, and I think I can tell you anything. You are the best friend I have ever had!"

Bob smiled in return, and brushed a lock of hair out of her face, then settled back into the couch to hear her revelations.

"I never thought I would tell anybody about this. I have been carrying it with me since my senior year of college. None of my girlfriends even know. I feel I can get it out and have someone listen who would understand what it is to be lustful." she said, as she nervously licked her lips.

"Tell me," Bob smiled. He realized that for Marcy, sex had been part of lovemaking. The lust part was really foreign to her. She had only been with a couple of men her whole life and each relationship grew from friendship to love of sorts before they retired to the bedroom. He took her hand, and kissed her palm.

She swallowed hard, "You remember Bob. College Bob. The football player and my college love?"

"OOPS." Bob thought. Now he knew what could possibly make him angry. This troll had kept her as his trophy girl all through college and two weeks before their planned wedding, he called from Cancun to tell her he had married another woman. Bob bit his lower lip and nodded to let her know he remembered College Bob.

"One weekend our senior year, we went to a movie house in Chicago. They were showing some sexy films. Not really adult. I guess you would call them "softporn". I began to get rather turned on by the whole thing, as did Bob. He reached over and grabbed my breast, and I in turn began to stroke him. Before long, we were in various stages of undress. He was touching me everywhere, the sounds of love coming from the screen I think pretty much drowned out our moaning." she said, telling it matter of factly. Bob listened intently, as his initial jealousy turned to interest.

"He pulled me toward him, and pushed me gently toward his lap. I could not believe I was doing this in public, but before long I was on my knees before him. I looked up at him, his eyes were closed, as he was very into what I was doing. The shock was the man looking over his shoulder, watching me. The shock turned to lust, as I realized I enjoyed having him watch. I continued to suck on Bob, he was getting closer to orgasm. The man licked his lips, watching. I stopped for a moment and Bob opened his eyes to see why. I motioned with my eyes to the man over his shoulder and he looked in that direction, smiled, and leaned back to enjoy what I was doing. The man looked at Bob, then at me. I put my hand on the seat next to Bob and patted it, hoping he would take the hint and move into that seat. He disappeared, and I went back to work on Bob. He was so close to cumming. I wanted it to last, so every so often I would take his cock out of my mouth, and squeeze just below the head. One of those great "Cosmopolitan Sex Tips", she laughed. He face was flushed as she told this story to the man she was convinced was her lifemate. She felt totally at ease even to the point of using the word "cock", which always seemed so foreign and obscene to her in the past.

Bob had to admit, this story was very sexy. And in spite of the fact she was telling him about oral sex with a man he hated for hurting her so badly, he was happy she was finally sharing this with someone, and honored that it was with him!

"So, I continued to work on Bob, when this man came and took the seat next to him. Bob looked over, and smiled again. I reached over and began to rub this man's crotch. He was huge. Here I was, semi-naked, on my knees in a theatre, sucking my fiance while touching the penis of another man. I got totally wrapped up in the moment. I tried to undo his belt, but couldn't. He took the hint and undid his pants and pulled them down. I stroked his cock, while sucking Bob. Bob saw what I was doing, moaned loudly and filled my mouth with his cum. I swallowed as much as I could, gave the head one last lick and slid over in front of my new friend. I lowered my head to his cock. It was much bigger than Bob's and I was only able to get about half of it in my mouth." she explained, as she stopped and reached for her bottled water. Her voice sounded raspy as her mouth dried out, telling this incredible story.

"I sucked on this man's cock like no other. I moved my head and my hand in unison until I noticed his balls contracting, moving up. I increased the speed of my head and hand until he came. It was everywhere. I had never seen so much. There was no way I could take it all in my mouth. I pulled away for a second, thinking he had stopped, and as I did, another arch of cum came from his penis and landed on my forehead and bridge of my nose. I lowered my head again, and took him back in my mouth. After several more spurts he collapsed back into his seat. I ran my finger across my face, collecting his cum, and then licked if off sensually while staring him in the eye."

Marcy leaned back into the couch. She took a sip of her water and closed her eyes. Bob moved closer to her and kissed her on the cheek.

"Thanks for choosing me to hear that story," he smiled and he gently stroked her cheek. They kissed.

"There's more," she whispered softly as they kissed.

Bob sat back and smiled and said, "Continue, please!" Although he wasn't sure he wanted to hear more.

"I kind of went on a binge. I sucked two more men in the theatre that night. They were friends of ol' big dick," she said, stopping abruptly. "Can you believe I said that? Ol' big dick?"

She threw her head back in laughter. "I can't believe I said that!"

Bob laughed with her. He held her. When the moment passed, she continued.

"For several weeks after that, Bob would bring a friend when he came to visit. I would be on my knees, usually before they had their coats off, sucking cocks. It continued until one night, as we were planning our honeymoon, Bob said that he was happy to have such a little whore for a fiancee. I laughed at first, but he cut me off, telling me he was serious. I was his little whore. To say the least, that brought me back to earth. I never did that again. Bob and I began to drift apart, and while we continued with our wedding plans, I knew that our relationship was ending. I felt I needed to tell you about my sexual past, as well as the truth about my breakup with Bob. Of course, he took the gutless way out, but at least he saved me from a life with him." she said, as a tear formed.

Bob was not sure if this was a tear of loss, or a tear of resignation for finally coming to terms with her past, and sharing it with another human being. Bob took Marcy into his arms and said, "I love you with all my heart. I will be here for you, forever!"

Part 3

Their relationship became closer. Their love continued to grow. They shared their secret wants and desires with each other. They shared their fantasies. Each time, their lovemaking was more intense, more enjoyable.

"I would like to see that," Marcy said one night, as they lay in bed naked.

"What you were talking about?"

"Men sucking each other. It sounds so sexy when you share your fantasies with me. Can you rent movies like that? With men and women?"

This was a surprise, he never imagined that she would want to rent "dirty movies" as she called them.

"Yes, I would assume you could find them. They seem to have just about everything on video these days," he answered.

"Let's go get one. Now!" she said, as she bounded out of the bed and began to put on her jeans.

"Now? It's 11:30! We have to go to work in the morning," he said, suddenly realizing he sounded rather whiny. He laughed to himself as he got up, got dressed and headed for the door.

Part 4

It was embarrassing at the video store. Neither one of them knew what to ask for. After browsing through the adult section and not finding any films dealing with two men and a women, other than the typical hard-core stuff, they had to go to the counter to ask. Of course, a young woman of college age was working. Bob sheepishly asked if they had any adult films with two men and a woman. She said there were plenty in the adult section. Bob then explained they wanted to see men and women all involved in sex acts with each other. The young attendant looked confused for a moment and then lit up and loudly proclaimed, "Oh, you want bisexual movies!" The video store went silent and people all looked at them. Bob managed a muted thank you, and they headed back to the adult section, heads hung low.
