 "Either a sex party with you and the other three ladies on your club entertainment committee, or if that is not possible an electric drill."

Bob immediately regretted his attempt at humor as it was not the kind of remark that would amuse his wife, Adele.

She had been asking him what he might want for his birthday in two weeks' time, offering either a gift or an adventure or treat of some kind.

"It will have to be the sex party fivesome, you have enough electric drills in your workshop to last you."

Bob chuckled, thinking that he had a better chance of becoming the next Pope.

Married for ten years, Bob and Adele had an active and satisfactory sex life notwithstanding that Adele had a few rules. Under no circumstances would she consider shaving her pussy, she wouldn't take cum in her mouth and the idea of swallowing horrified her, no anal anything and no kissing after mouth to genital contact. 

However, she seldom said no to sex and often initiated a romp by putting her hand down Bob's pants for a squeeze, walking into their family room naked, or giving him a hand job while he was talking to his boss on the phone.

The following day, Adele had an update, "All arranged for Friday, we leave here at seven for Sandy's place. It's a bit early for your birthday treats but we have to strike while the other husbands are busy elsewhere." 

"I started a great joke but what is really happening? We are really meeting your mother in a steak and seafood house or mine in a vegetarian restaurant, that's my best guess?"

Friday evening came and Bob headed upstairs for a shower.

"I need to know what to wear at the restaurant."

"We are not going to a restaurant. Wear something loose and casual, easy to take off."

Bob had been in the shower for less than a minute when Adele joined him. They enjoyed showering together and it frequently led to sexual activity.

Bob got some suds going and applied them to his growing erection and her mound.

"I would love to get something going but you have to save yourself for later. I am just here to get you squeaky clean, turn round and I will do your back."

"I need to be squeaky clean with lots of unspent energy for a family dinner, movie or bowling or whatever you have planned?"

Forty minutes later they were approaching Sandy's house and Bob was still expecting a routine Friday night get together. He was quite shocked when he saw the assembled group.

It was a pretty sight. Sandy, well built with large breasts and short, straight blonde/brown hair was the tallest of the bunch. 

Sue, 100 pounds soaking wet, very slim, ponytail and glasses had a classic librarian look offset by a permanent smile and striking blue eyes and looked about 15 years younger than her 35 years. 

Curvy Sam, mixed race with a suntanned look and flamboyant dress sense was tottering on way-too-high heels. 

Adele provocatively dressed in a skimpy top and very short skirt was possibly the best looker of the lot, if her wild red hair was to taste.

"No husbands?" exclaimed Bob, looking around the room as if they might appear from somewhere.

"Your birthday treat as previously explained to you. We have all the people we need," Adele explained.

Drinks and nibbles were served and the group chatted about mundane things. However a sense of excitement was evident in the room.

They were in the main reception room of the grand Georgian style house which had a tall bay sash window overlooking the front garden. Floor to ceiling heavy drapes concealed a generous window seat and offered privacy.

Adele explained the plan, "Bob will be invited to stay behind the curtain. Sam, Sue and Sandy will play competitive games organised by me to determine the order they go behind the curtain. For the first round you can do whatever you like except vaginal intercourse or making Bob cum, saving those things for the second round. I am staying out of it as I get him all the time. I will organize the games, if I play my score doesn't count."

Sandy continued the directions, "It is not so important who wins the first round, the second one will be tense. With all due respects to Bob's stamina, he might be worn out before he gets to number three."

Sue added, "Such fun, I thought it was going to be an 'all on one bed or carpet shagfest' but we are not quite ready for that and I am so much more comfortable with private one on one activity."

Sandy produced a pack of cards and suggested poker to start with, "speak up if you get bored and we will switch to another game."

"Bob, you are going to have nothing to do until the first winner is declared?" Sam observed.

"I wouldn't mind a bathroom to freshen up, I'm getting a bit hot under the collar with the anticipation. Can't believe this is happening. Do I dive behind the drapes with clothes on or off?"

The consensus was that clothes would be a waste of time because they were coming off anyway.

Sam, the first winner, slipped between the drapes where Bob was reclining on a pile of cushions on the window seat. The overhead light was sufficient to allow them to examine each other while the shadows offered a degree of privacy.

"So nice of you to drop in and see me," Bob said to break the ice.

"You are not too busy?"

"Not for you Sam, what can I do for you?"

"I am so excited, you are uncircumcised, my first, I am going to spend the time playing with it."

"Better get on, or the next winner will push you out!"

With that Sam kneeled and held him, moving his foreskin up and down, commenting on the color and moisture of the head, a sight she was not familiar with.

She did the same again using her mouth and then attempted to get her tongue under the foreskin. It was not entirely successful but they both enjoyed the feeling.

Bob was about to ask her to slow down when the noise from the room suggested a new winner would be ready in a few seconds.

Sandy briefly kissed Bob on the lips, "Sorry I forgot the kissing and foreplay and went straight down on your lovely cock."

Sandy slipped in through the drapes crossing paths with Sam and sharing a smile.

She stood in front of Bob and slowly and seductively removed her top and bra revealing a fine set of breasts with large well-formed nipples.

"I thought for this round I would take advantage of my

best asset and ask you to tit fuck me?"

Bob, who didn't get tit fucking at home due to his wife's smaller breasts couldn't argue with that idea.

"Give me a kiss first," Sandy said as she climbed on top of him.

After a few minutes of deep tongue kissing she moved down his body and took him between her breasts using one hand to keep him deep in her cleavage.

"It would work better with a bit of lube," Sandy commented.

"It could not get better than this, nothing could be better than this," Bob muttered as he sunk his head back in to the pillows and closed his eyes.

Again, a new winner was announced just as they thought that Bob might be getting too close to the brink.

Sue entered the play area and made sure the drapes met in the middle before putting a forefinger to her lips indicating they would not speak unless it was essential. 

She removed her clothing as quickly as possible and moved her tiny body over Bob's in the 69 position. Like Sam she was not used to a foreskin and the novelty amused her for some time as she pulled the foreskin back so she could lick and suck the juicy head.

Bob was straining his eyes to examine her pussy in detail. The small light high above them apparently had a dimmer switch but it was well out of his reach. By accident or design there was a small flashlight to his side on the window sill. Hoping it would not offend Sue he switched it on. It was a mag light and as bright as good be. Bob enjoyed the detail of her inner and outer lips and he heard Sue chuckle at his initiative.

Bob moved on to licking and sucking another juicy head in the clit department while not forgetting a little finger action with one hand while the other was grasping a tiny buttock. This was aided from time to time with further use of the flashlight.

Eventually the drapes were shaken and a voice said, "We have been chatting since the last game, it's time for a break before round two."

Bob and Sue appeared from the bay window area both naked and holding their clothes. Nonchalantly and quite unaware of their surroundings, fully occupied with what had just occurred and what was about to happen, they crossed the room and went to the downstairs cloakroom.

Like long term partners very familiar with each other, Sue sat on the toilet and began to pee while Bob was putting his pants on. Bob couldn't resist a peek and he kneeled in front of her with his face not far from the stream emerging from her body. Boldly moving on, he parted her pussy lips and watched the golden liquid emerge from her urethra.

"Do the honors and wipe me dry, you lovely, lovely pervert, you."

Bob stood her up, patted her dry with tissue paper and gave her clit a quick kiss.

When they emerged a few minutes later with their clothes on, snacks and drinks were being refreshed and the ladies were comparing notes.

Thirty minutes later they were all very relaxed and the conversation was starting to flag.

"No time for napping, Bob has people to do on the window seat," Adele exclaimed and they got back into action.

The agreed that Bob could watch the first game. They started the children's game of pin the tail on the donkey and the winner (best of three, to make it last sufficient time) was Sue.

In fact, they ended up in reverse order of the first round.

Bob reclined on the window seat and was quickly joined by Sue who stripped off for the second time.

"I'm going on top, I am too small for anything else."

Sue rode him in forward cowgirl position and he came all too soon. She relaxed on top of him and they hugged gently with the occasional peck of a kiss on the lips until their time was up.

Sandy was next and Bob hit his stride lasting almost to the end of their time together. They initially agreed on doggy but switched to missionary at the half way mark as this gave them a chance to show off their French kissing abilities.

Finally Bob was back where he started, with Sam.

"I hope I can get it up," worried Bob, "Three times in one evening plus all the other activities is the stuff of dreams but could be a challenge for someone of my age," as he got in to position over Sam.

He was semi erect and with fondling the foreskin she found so intriguing Sam managed to fold him in. With amazing muscle control she squeezed him until he fully hardened and with less than twenty strokes he came.

"Sorry about that, I went off a bit quicker than I planned."

"It was perfect, we got the job done. If we stop talking I will have a chance to suck on your cock before our time is up."

Actually, with Sam being last, the games had finished and the remaining ladies were cleaning up the party supplies. They eventually peeked through the drapes and found the happy pair entwined and dozing peacefully.

It was getting late and time to congratulate themselves of providing Bob with a perfect birthday surprise which they all enjoyed as much as him.

Later that night Bob and Adele were lying in their bed holding hands.

"Thank you for the most amazing birthday treat, sweetie."

"You deserved it, World's best husband."

"I am a bit worried about the other husbands, will they suspect anything?" 

"They have all been taken on board in the last 24 hours."

"What does that mean?"

"They have all agreed to have the same treatment for their birthday presents. Will had a birthday a month ago and it would be unfair to make him wait nearly a year so we are going to do him within a week or two. The other two will follow in the next few months."

"You are going to be fucking other men!" said Bob, sounding quite shocked.

"Only in cases where you have already fucked his wife."

"Sorry, of course," replied Bob, "I hadn't thought that through, but I can't quite imagine it."

"Just imagine further chances to fuck Sue, Sam and Sandy."

Bob moved his hand down and got another shock, "You have shaved down there!"

"When we had a shower this morning remember I stayed much longer? It is still a bit tender but will be fine tomorrow."

"Any more surprises?" Asked Bob.

"Tomorrow night before you eat and fuck my bald pussy I am going to give let you cum in my mouth. I will try hard to swallow. You can finger my butt while I am doing it."

"One more thing," she continued," In addition to the guys getting birthday treats, the ladies are each going to have a similar birthday party. That's eight parties a year plus we are going to celebrate wedding anniversaries in a similar fashion so it works out that we have a party a month."

Despite a million thoughts racing around his mind and with a finger planted firmly in his wife's newly bald pussy, Bob fell into the deepest sleep in an age.