 I heard Bobbie's voice strain, "Oh, shit." I looked up at Bobbie, sitting, spread eagle on my counter top to Vic standing in the doorway. She looked down at me, her eyes wide. Her green tank top was pulled down to reveal her tiny pink nipples. They were standing on end. I wanted to reach out and tweak them. Vic beat me to it. 

"You know I like this shirt." It was a sultry growl as he ran one of his thick fingers beneath the strap of her top, down along the base of her sweet perky breasts. She trembled under his touch. "Did you wear this for me?" Bobbie's cheeks flushed, more than they already were. She looked at me, shocked and embarrassed to be sitting there so exposed in front of Vic. Shifting her weight, she began to slide her feet down from the counter top. I moved back to let her. "No, no, no, Bobbie. You got to watch me. Now it's my turn. I just caught the end of the show. I want the whole thing." He gently pushed her knees up, placing her feet back where they had been. I grinned at him. Bobbie smiled shyly at me, her eyelids dropping slightly. She was unsure, but not resisting. I kissed her right thigh, holding her gaze in mine. "That's right, baby." There was that growl again, so low and sexy. My pussy quickened as he placed his hand on my shoulder. My kisses trailed the length of her inner thigh, down to her ass cheek. My tongue slipped quickly into her delicious crack, then I worked my way across her left ass cheek and back up her thigh. She swelled and dripped while I ignored her desire. 

Vic's hand slid down my shoulder into my dress. He cupped my breast, holding it's weight, then pinched my nipple hard. His other hand found Bobbie's ass cheek as I worked my way up to her tits. Her ass barely filled his huge hand. He squeezed it roughly. She wriggled into it, moaning softly. 

Standing, I tasted her titties, licking, sucking, lapping at her tasty flesh. Vic, keeping his hand on her ass positioned himself behind me. He reached around for her other cheek and squeezed them both, while I found Bobbie's mouth with my own. Our kiss was slow and searching. My tongue found hers. It was incredible, soft and succulent. She sucked at my tongue as I dipped it into her mouth. Finding my bottom lip, she sucked at that too.

Vic's cock pressed into my back as I pressed into Bobbie, running my hands over her back. My tit's now exposed, pushed against hers. Vic pulled her to me. We continued tasting each other's mouths and tongues. Her pussy juice soaked through my dress, so very warm and moist. I arched into her, lacing my fingers into Vic's, working her tight little cheeks with him. 

Vic kissed my neck and shoulder. I turned away from Bobbie. "I want you to kiss her now." We both looked at Bobbie for her reaction. She smiled and pulled Vic's face to hers, holding it in both of her small hands. She ran her fingers in his close cut beard. Their passion was explosive. I had seen Vic watching Bobbie before, licking his lips like a hungry predator. I knew he wanted this. Apparently, he wasn't the only one. I slid from between them and stood back to watch. Bobbie clung to him with such extreme lust, I found myself feeling a bit jealous. But, my pussy reminded me how I really felt as it soaked my inner thigh. 

Bobbie wrapped her legs around Vic, and ran her hands through his wild hair. His arms looked gorgeous, toned and tight, as he placed his hands on either side of her, while hers explored his entire body. She ran them over his broad shoulders then down his back. Then back around to his chest, where she clawed at him through his shirt. She worked at the top buttons revealing the dark hair that spread there. She bit at his chin and kissed his chest, lost in the moment. 

I watched for a while, my pussy dripping, then stepped back into the picture. Vic pulled me to him with one of his strong arms as he claimed my mouth, nearly bruising my lips. "You are so fucking hot." He whispered into my ear, then his eyes bore into mine. He was pleading silently for me to tell him what I wanted. 

"Bobbie?" She was already watching us, looking anxious for what might come next. "Do you want to show Vic what you learned earlier?" 

Her eyes were mischievous, her nose crinkled a bit. "Yeah, I do." 

"Good." I smiled at them both, then to Vic, I said, "Pick her up would you?" He scooped her up quickly, throwing her over his shoulder, and smiled at me, the most devilish smile, I've ever seen. I slapped her ass with a loud crack. She squealed. Then, I led the way, switching my hips seductively, to our oversized bed, covered with soft downy blankets and pillows. "Put her on the bed." My body burned at the sight of my sexy husband handling that dainty little women with such cave like indifference. He dropped her on the bed, then turned to me. He crushed me to him again, with both arms and drove his tongue between my soft pouted lips. Then, suddenly, he scooped me up and tossed me onto the bed too. 

"I think you are both wearing too much to be in my bed." He pointed from her to me, then waited while we stripped what little clothes we were wearing off of each other. Pulling his shirt over his head he made himself comfortable among the soft pillows at the head of the bed. Bobbie and I sat facing each other at the opposite end, naked. "Now, show me how much you like each other again." 

We fell into each other's arms, standing on our knees. Our kisses were just as hungry as before, our hands were everywhere. She squeezed at my big tits, I held her hot little pussy, wiggling one finger in her ass crack. She moaned into my mouth, her pussy dripped again. "Ohh, I do like you." I purred as I bit at her bottom lip. 

"Alright girls. Now, show me how much you like me." He smiled and leaned back into the pillows. I looked at her, she looked at me and we crawled up the bed towards him, one on either side. We both sat on our knees at his hips. He was still wearing his jeans, but his cock strained against them. I reached out and undid his belt for the second time that night. His button and zipper came undone as quickly as before and his cock sprang out with the very same gusto. 

Bobbie made an indecipherable sound something like a moan and a whimper combined. "It's bigger than I thought." Her cheeks turned crimson as I saw her calculate her ability to take such a massive dick. 

"You'll be alright, just do what I do." I winked and bent forward, running my tongue along the length of his shaft, from top to bottom. Bobbie joined me with relish. She ran her tongue up and down, then opened her mouth wide and ran that along the same trail. I dipped my head between Vic's thighs and sucked at his balls. She found her way to the head of his swollen cock and pulled at it with her tiny mouth. I watched as she tried to come down on it. She sucked hard and pushed it into her mouth, struggling with it's size. Stroking it with one hand she sucked even harder at the tip. I continued working his balls. 

Vic's hand found both of our asses. He fondled them each, slapping them playfully. We wiggled and squirmed, giggling. "Show her how it's done, baby." He nearly cooed at me while he found my soaking pussy and toyed with it. I knew he was doing the same thing to Bobbie by the way she rolled her hips against his hand. 

She kept her hand on his dick working it while I sucked it in and out of my mouth running my tongue over his head every time I pulled it out. I dipped my tongue into the tiny slit at the tip. Then, I pulled away completely and spit on the head. And with a quickness I jammed it into my throat, feeling it throb just past the bend, coming down on it again and again, up and down, in and out. Vic had pulled Bobbie to him. He was kissing her lips, his hand still in place on her ass. He rolled my clit between his finger and thumb, while I deep throated his cock. My pussy gushed.

Bobbie cried out I pulled my head back to see what had happened. Her pert little nipple was fat between Vic's teeth. I had crawled to Vic's side, nuzzled into his ear. "Are you ready to fuck us yet?" 

"Not yet. Both of you lay down." We sprawled out beside each other, looking to Vic for further instruction as he stood at the side of the bed. "Do you want to taste some pussy now, Bobbie?" Bobbie nodded and began kissing my body, inching her way to my sopping snatch. "Wait." We looked at him. Vic pointed at me. "Lay across the bed, I want your face right here." He pointed to the place right below his throbbing cock. 

"Mmmmmm." I settled myself down, looking up at his lovely cock. It glistened and seemed to pulse with need. Meanwhile, Bobbie had found my clit. She feasted on it ravenously, pulling, sucking, licking. I rolled my hips, pressing into her mouth. Her soft tongue, surprisingly long, found it's way into my puffy slit. She slurped at the juices that ran out of me. Her smooth hands caressed my thighs. 

Vic's cock stood out above me. He held it loosely in his hand, stroking absently as he watched Bobbie lap at my pussy. "How's she doing, baby?" His other hand rubbed at my tits, pinching my nipples. First, one then, the other. "Do you like it?"

"Yes." Vic kneeled beside the bed and took one of my nipples in his mouth. He sucked at it hard, while he squeezed the other breast hard enough to make me squeal. I let my head fall back and closed my eyes. Two mouths, two tongues, and four hands worked on my body, sending thrill after thrill through out my body. 

"Open your mouth." Vic urged as he stood above me again. I felt his dick prodding at my parted lips. "Open wide." I did. Suddenly, my mouth was full of his hot, solid flesh. He fucked my face. Two of Bobbie's lovely little fingers slid into my cunt. I would have cried out, if I had been able to. Bucking my hips I was frantic with desire. Her tiny fingers teased me, made me want so much more. I wanted the cock that was shoved in my throat, shoved in my pussy. I couldn't take much more. With one last thrust into my mouth, Vic pulled out and bent over me, kissing me softly on my sensitive lips. "I want your pussy." His voice was soft, almost a whisper. "Turn around." 

Bobbie watched as I sat up and shifted on the bed. We met in the middle, standing on our knees. I kissed her, tasting my pussy on her mouth. "I want you to sit on my face while Vic fucks me." I nibbled her bottom lip and kissed her neck and shoulders, running my tongue over her little stone like nipples. I lay on my back and slid my ass to the edge of the bed. She climbed on, straddling my face. Her sweet little ass hovering just inches from my tired, but still hungry mouth. 

As I took my first taste of her succulent pussy Vic's cock thrust deep into mine. I moaned into her clit while Vic pounded me. He felt harder than he ever had before, and hit deeper inside me. I licked and sucked at Bobbie's tasty pussy, my hands massaged the globes of her ass. Her hands squeezed my tits as she ground her pussy on my face. Vic kept pounding. My pussy quaked around him, the sweet musky smell of Bobbie's ass sent me over the edge. I screamed his name into her pussy, rocking to meet his every thrust as he pounded out my excruciating orgasm. He pulled out and slapped my clit with his still hard cock. I jumped. 

"Lick her cum off of my cock now Bobbie." She scrambled to do just that leaving me laying there in a state of total elation. I watched from under heavy lids as that adorable women lapped my cum off of my husband's cock. My insides stirred. I wanted more. Vic looked from Bobbie, licking every bit of my juices from his cock, to me laying, dreamily toying with my swollen pussy lips. His eyes pierced mine. "Can I fuck her now?" He knew better than just to do it. Though he would have gotten away with anything at that moment. It was nice to know that he knew the deal. After all it was my game we were playing. I made the rules. 

"Yes, but I want her to eat my pussy while you do it." Vic gently turned her around so that her tight little ass stuck up in the air right in front of his huge piece. I spread my legs beneath her face. He pushed her face into my pussy as he entered her from his position, standing behind her. 

"Oh fuck!" They said in unison, one was guttural and animal, the other strained and desperate. The idea of her eating my pussy quickly disappeared when I noticed her shutter uncontrollably with each thrust of Vic's dick. I slid out from beneath her and kneeled beside her ass. It would have been funny watching such a large cock fucking such a small pussy if it wasn't so fucking sexy. I leaned over and licked at her puckered ass while he hammered away. When I noticed he couldn't fit it all in I started working the base of his cock with my tongue as well. Bobbie moaned, her face buried in the blankets. "Fuck, fuck, fuck!" She shouted, muffled. I found her clit with my finger and rubbed at it fast and hard. "Oh, Oh! I'm cumming! I'm CUMMMIINNGG!" She whimpered and screamed into the bed. Her hands clawed at the blankets and pillows as her hips bucked manically. 

Vic pulled out, jamming his cock back into my mouth. I sucked at it licking her cum off as she had done mine. Vic's balls were tight and firm at his base. I lapped at them as well. They tasted so good with his saltiness and the sweet juiciness of both of our pussies mingled there. I mouthed one then the other. Bobbie appeared at my side, sucking and nuzzling his balls with me. Vic stroked his cock. "That's right, girls." His other hand rested on the curve of my neck and shoulder. "Now suck it." I took it in my mouth and sucked then Vic pulled it out and placed it in Bobbie's mouth. He moved back and forth from one to the other, dipping it as far as it would go. Then he pulled it out and started jerking it hard and fast. "Open your mouths." His thick white cum shot out of his tip onto both of our outstretched tongues. He grunted and closed his eyes, squeezing every drop into our waiting mouths. 

We looked at each other, smiles in our eyes. Then kissed, our tongues, his cum tangled in one gloriously naughty moment. I opened my mouth to show him where it had all ended up then swallowed smiling sweetly. Bobbie licked her lips and curled up on the pillows. I lay beside her, one arm resting on her leg. Vic snuggled up behind me, kissing my ears and professing his undying love. I smiled to myself, utterly content. Already, dreaming of what might happen next.