 When Sharon and I got to Tammy’s office, she was sitting at her desk with an extremely pissed look on her face. I must tell you, I was almost pissing my pants. I had finally gotten to a respectable level at the firm and I was about to get fired. I looked over at Sharon and she didn’t seem quite as scared as I.

“Close the door please and have a seat”, ordered Tammy as we walked into her office. Sharon walked in and sat at a chair in front of Tammy’s desk and I closed the door before sitting down. “Well, I’m glad to see you cleaned your face before coming here. So do either of you wish to tell me what happened?” Sharon and I just sat there and didn’t say a word. “What do you think went through my mind when I come to see my new paralegal, only to find her sitting at her desk with a load of semen dripping down her face?”

“Look Tammy, I don’t know what to say. I….”, I added, but was cut off before I had a chance to finish.

“Look Jonny. I really expected more from you. You’re one of our most promising lawyers and you go and pull a stunt like this. I can understand that this slut sitting here could do something like this, but you?” I didn’t know what to say. What could I say, really? “So is this what you do at your desk all day Sharon? Sit there and give our lawyers blowjobs?”

“I swear Mrs. Walters, this was the first time”, pleaded Sharon. As Sharon finished her sentence, Tammy started to look her over, noticing that her blouse was wet.

“What is that on your blouse? Did your drip his cum all over your chest too? I thought a slut like you would definitely swallow”, cooed Tammy. Sharon just sat there, and I didn’t know what to say. “Well, is that what happened?”

“Not exactly Mrs. Walters”, answered Sharon.

“Well Jonny, why don’t you tell me what happened”, demanded Sharon as she now directed her attention towards me. I still was in shock and didn’t know how to tell my boss that I had just fucked Sharon’s tits at her desk. I mean, how do you go about saying that in a polite manner? I made love to her breasts? I don’t think so. “Well, come on Jonny. What happened?” Before I could answer, Tammy responded.

“He fucked my tits.”

“What? He fucked your tits?”

“Yeah, he slid his hard cock between my big titties until he shot his load all over them.” I couldn’t believe that Sharon was talking to Tammy like this. I was in utter shock at this moment. Tammy just sat there, staring at Sharon and I. Sharon was sitting there with that ‘fuck me’ grin on her face.

“So Jonny. Is this true. Is this what happened between the two of you”, asked Tammy. When I looked up at Tammy I noticed a look on her face that I had never seen before. It was almost a look of lust. But no, it couldn’t be. Not this 40 year old professional. But it was lust. She was getting off on this whole thing. Once I figured this out, I decided to play it up as well. It seems Sharon figured this out a while ago.

“Yeah that’s right Tammy. That’s what happened. Sharon sucked my cock for a few minutes and then we both realized that we both loved tit fucking. With that blouse she is wearing today, I couldn’t think of anything else.”

“So, you just decided to put your cock between her tits and fuck them? Right in the middle of the office, with all of these people walking around here?” I definitely started to notice some sweat starting to accumulate on Tammy’s upper lip.

“That’s right. My cock was dripping precum and I just had to have Sharon wrap those big soft tits around my boner. I had wanted to fuck them for so long, ever since she joined the firm.”

“Did you know he felt this way about you”, Tammy asked Sharon?

“I always saw him staring at my boobs, but I didn’t think he was into tit fucking as much as I was.”

“So, you like to get your tits fucked”, asked Sharon?

“Oh most definitely. I’ve loved it ever since I first tried it in my freshman year at university. I can cum from having a guy pound my jugs.”

Tammy had to know that we were on to her. I’m sure that turtleneck she was wearing was getting quite hot. I had never really looked at Tammy sexually. But now that I look at her, she was actually quite pretty. She had always been conservative on the outside, making it difficult to get a picture of what her body may look like. She was definitely in shape and her blonde hair that was rolled up in a bun on top of her head added to her professional demeanor.

“You look like you are getting a little hot Tammy. Why don’t you take that heavy sweater off”, I suggested. Tammy looked at me and undid the bun in her hair, letting it flow down to the middle of her back.

“Why don’t you go lock my door Jonny.” I got up and locked the door to Tammy’s office. Things were about to pick up considerably I think. Tammy then pulled the turtleneck over her head to reveal a very tight white tank-top as an undershirt. My eyes, as well as Sharon’s, opened very wide in astonishment. Tammy’s tank-top was overflowing with tit flesh. She definitely noticed our reaction. “As you two can see, I have a nice rack as well, a double-D to be exact.

“I can see that”, said Sharon, staring at Tammy’s radiant chest, ready to burst out of that tank-top. Tammy was definitely not wearing a bra under that top either, for her nipples were as hard as rocks, poking the fabric of her tank-top. “It looks like you are a little excited”, suggested Sharon.

Tammy moved her hands to her tits and started squeezing them through her tank-top. My boner was growing like mad. “All this talk about tits and cocks has gotten me a little horny”, moaned Tammy as she continued to maul her funbags. “Why don’t you guys tell me more about what happened at your desk.”

“Well, I started off jerking Jonny’s cock off with my jugs because he found it difficult to thrust between them without getting noticed. His cock felt so big between my boobs. I came a couple times from feeling his boner in my cleavage.”

“Well what did you use for lubricant”, asked Tammy, who now had one hand up her skirt.

“Well Jonny’s prick was dripping an insane amount of precum so that really helped. Plus I spit on my tits a few times to add some extra slickness. Oh, and Jonny’s precum tastes so good. It was driving me wild”, said Sharon who also had a hand down her pants.

“Then Sharon released my cock from her tit trap and I fucked her mouth for a couple minutes. My cock was right down her throat. I then put it right back between her jugs and started really fucking them. I didn’t care anymore about being careful and just started banging her big boobs.” I too now had a hand on my crotch, rubbing my prick through my pants.

“And then you came? Did you pull it out of her cleavage and jerk it off all over her face, or cum between her tits while you fucked them”, asked Tammy who was now really fingering her pussy.

“Oh, he came while fucking them. His first blast exploded between my tits and then next few shot across my face and chin. That’s when you walked in.

“I can’t believe you guys had the audacity to do this in the office. But I’m glad I caught you because I haven’t had a rush like this in a while. Let me see your tits”, said Tammy as she pointed at Sharon’s chest. Sharon undid her jizz soaked blouse to reveal her braless tits. My jizz hadn’t dried yet and was still coating her jugs. “Oh I see Jonny’s cum is still on your tits. Why don’t you clean them off?”

Sharon held her tits up to her face and started to lick my cum off of her own tits. The sight was very hot. Tammy saw me standing there, rubbing my cock through my pants and she then made a suggestion to me. “Jonny, why don’t you make yourself a little more comfortable and take that big cock out so we can see it.”

I then undid my pants and kicked them off, standing there with my shirt and tie on, but my cock sticking straight out. “Jerk it off for us”, commanded Tammy. I started to jack my cock off, watching these two hot ladies fingering their cunts, and massaging their tits. I walked over to Tammy’s desk, continuing to jerk myself off.

“So Tammy, why don’t you show us those big tits you have there. I had no idea your jugs were so impressive.”

“I have to hide them around here, or no one would take me seriously. I would just be seen as another broad with a nice rack.” Tammy then removed her tank-top to reveal one of the nicest set of tits I have ever seen. “You guys like?”

“They are outstanding”, I said, staring at her globes. “So Tammy, you like having a cock fucking your cleavage”, I asked?

“What do you think? With a set of tits like this, I can’t help but loving it.”

“Why don’t you tell us about the last time you got them fucked, Mrs. Walters”, asked Sharon.

“I actually just got them fucked a couple days ago. I was in Montreal for a meeting and the guy who brought me room service was really hot. I had just gotten back from the pool and was wearing a bikini. When he brought my food up, his eyes almost jumped out of his sockets. In no time, his clothes were off and he had me face first against the wall as he fucked me from behind. He didn’t even bother taking off my bikini bottoms. He just moved the crotch to the side and shoved his cock into my pussy. He fucked me so good and hard. After he fucked me like this until I came, I spun around and dropped to my knees, taking his cunt coated cock into my mouth. I love the taste of my cunt on a man’s cock. I sucked his cock until he was about to cum, and then stopped, because I wasn’t done with him yet.”

“Fuck Tammy, I had no idea you were such a slut”, I laughed. I was now sitting down again, but still stoking my prick.

“There’s a lot you don’t know about me Jonny. Now where was I. After I fucked him with my mouth, I laid down on the floor and told him to fuck my tits. He said he had never done that before, but that didn’t stop him. He placed his prick right between my tits and I wrapped them around him. He fucked them for a while, letting me take the head of his cock into my mouth when he pumped forward.”

“Did he cum while fucking them”, asked Sharon?

“No. After he fucked them for about 10 minutes, he said he wanted my ass.”

“You let him fuck you up your ass”, said Sharon in a surprised voice.

“Of course I did, but I made him eat it first. I laid face down on the bed and spread my ass cheeks for him. He immediately dove in and started rimming my asshole. Fuck it felt good. He really worked my ass over with his tongue and fingers, getting me ready for his big cock. After he loosened my ass up enough, he spit into my asshole and squatted over my behind. He pointed his prick downwards and slowly eased it in. It felt so fucking big inside my asshole. In no time he was pounding my ass like there was no tomorrow. He then wanted me to lay on my back and bend my legs back towards my head. I flipped over and he pushed my legs back and slid his cock back in my ass. He fucked me like this for a while, pulling out every once in a while to look at my gaping ass. I felt so opened up.”

“Where did he shoot his load”, I asked.

“He told me he was ready and I needed to taste his cum. He pulled out of my asshole and straddled my face, forcing his cock into my mouth. He fucked my face for a minute or so, and then exploded in my throat. I swallowed every bit of cum. I tell you, I haven’t been fucked like that in a while.”

Sharon and I were stunned. We had never picture our senior partner in such a manner. “Fuck Tammy, that is hot. I wish I could have been there.”

“Oh, so do I Jonny”, she laughed. “Well, why don’t we put that cock of yours to good use then. We got about 15 minutes before my next meeting.

“Why don’t you go over there and fuck her big tits, Jonny”, suggested Sharon, who now was totally naked. I walked over to Tammy’s chair and removed my shirt, while Tammy stripped off the rest of her clothes. I rubbed the huge amount of precum that had leaked from my cock all over Tammy’s big soft tits.

“Oh Jonny, that feels so good”, moaned Tammy as she took a hold of my cock. She slowly jerked it off as I massaged her titties. She then spit into her hand and coated my cock with it, before placing it right into her soft cleavage. I let out a moan as her tits collapsed around my boner. I started to thrust my cock up and down between my bosses big titties. “Fuck Jonny, that’s it. Fuck my big titties. Show me how much you love sliding your slippery boner between my fleshy tits.”

Sharon now was standing next to us, rubbing her cunt while watching the hot display. “That’s it Jonny, fuck Mrs. Walter’s big titties. Show here how good you are at fucking a big set of meaty tits. Fuck them like you fucked mine. Make this slut beg for your to tit fuck her. Bang her boobs Jonny.”

I was now pounding Tammy’s tits like a mad man. The slapping sound of my hips banging against the bottom of her tits was super loud. I pulled my cock out from between her tits and started to slap them with it, rubbing the head against her big, hard nipples. I grabbed her head and pulled it towards my cock. She knew what to do as she took my into her mouth, tasting my raging boner. “That’s it you slut, suck Jonny’s big cock. Make it nice and slippery so he can fuck your titties”, groaned Sharon who had about three fingers up her cunt.

Tammy took my cock out of her mouth and started slapping her face with it, really playing the slut. “Come on Jonny, fuck Sharon’s tits now. Show me what you did to her at her desk. Sharon then sat down on Tammy’s lap, with her back right up against her chest. She turned her head to the side.

“Mrs. Walters, why don’t you hold my tits together for me while Jonny fucks them. Then I can play with both of our cunts at the same time. I positioned my cock back between Sharon’s titties and Tammy wrapped them around my cock from behind Sharon. The sight was amazing. Sharon’s hands went straight between her spread legs. This gave her easy access to her cunt, as well as Tammy’s. I started pumping my cock between Sharon’s tits as she fingered both of their pussy’s.

“Oh fuck Sharon, you little slut. Stick those fingers up my cunt. Play with my clitty baby, make me cum. As I was pounding Sharon’s tits, my cock slipped free, but was quickly gulped down her throat. I fucked her mouth a couple times. “Come on Jonny, put it back between her titties.” I slapped it back between her tits and Tammy closed them around my cock again.

“That’s it you sluts, take my cock between your tits. Feel my big hard boner banging your boobs. Sharon now moved her hand up to her chest and started rubbing both of their cunt juices all over her tits, making them even more slippery. My cock was now really getting close to dumping another load. “Fuck, I’m gonna cum soon”, I moaned.

“Not yet Jonny, you have to fuck my tits one more time”, groaned Tammy. My cock fell from between Sharon’s tits and she got up from Tammy’s lap. Tammy then kneeled on the floor and stuck her chest out towards me. Sharon knelt next to her and started to suck Tammy’s big titties, coating them with her spit “That’s it you slut, make my tits nice and wet for Jonny’s boner to slide between.”

Sharon took my cock and placed it between Tammy’s big, soaked jugs. I once again started fucking my boss’s huge double-Ds, savouring the feeling of having my prick enveloped by soft, tender tit flesh. The tight tunnel she was creating for me was extremely slick, letting me fuck them with renowned vigour. The head of my prick was thrusting through the top of Tammy’s big tits. Sharon’s head was there to lick it each time. “Come on Jonny, fuck her big tits. Bang her boobs and cum all over them. Watch me lick all your hot cum off of her big soft titties. Come on baby, show her how hard you cum. Show her how hard you can cum from fucking our big double-Ds. Make her beg for your cum Jonny.”

“Come on Jonny, shoot your cum between my jugs. Gimme your hot jizz. Use my titties to get your cock off baby, fuck these big tits. Show me how much you love my tits. Come one, slide that hard, slippery boner between these big jugs.” Tammy then looked over to Sharon and they started to make out as I fucked her tits. That was all I could take and I started to blow my load into Tammy’s cleavage. When she felt my first blast between her tits, that sent a shockwave through her body, and she too exploded in orgasm. I continued to bang her tits and I spilled the rest of my cum into her meaty cleavage. When I was done, Tammy released my cock from between her tits and Sharon immediately took me into her mouth, cleaning the remaining jizz from my boner. Tammy then kissed Sharon again, but this time tasting my cum in her mouth. “Now suck his cum off of my tits you slut.”

Sharon obeyed and started to suck all of the cum I had just shot between Tammy’s big tits. Tammy held Sharon’s head as she made out with her well-fucked tits. Shannon finally finished off her tits and I leaned down and made out with her, getting a taste of my seed. We all stood up and made out with each other, all of our hands exploring each other’ bodies. I had one hand on each of their asses while watching them make out. I slowly inserted one finger into each of their asses, and one into each of their cunts. I fingered their holes as they made out in our huddle. They then looked at me and knew we were not finished yet.