 It had been three days without power, most places had very little food left and heat was running low... With it being the middle of winter it was bitterly cold, those places that had gas were becoming havens... luckily as it would have it for this story and myself mine was one of those few places.

Most of the street had moved out as the snow, flooding and winds worsened except those of us who couldn't, it was only supposed to last for 1, 2 days tops but the latest reports suggest another 4 days. Being a poor student I had topped up with tins of spaghetti and soups the week before, my gas stove still working and my small gas fire giving some warmth to the cold house. Within a few days several of my friends were staying at mine, Becky, Jenny and Trish. Their place was already under several meters of water, luckily again for me; mine was on the high ground and away from the waters.

Now I have to say at this point we had decided that we would all sleep in my small front room, it was the only place in the house with heat, the girls didn't seem to mind and we all slept in thick pajamas gather together quickly, normally we all slept fairly close to each other out of a desire for warmth rather than physical contact, however this one night it was all to change.

It began as normal, we had a quick meal of just enough to keep us going, we had drunk the last of the alcohol in the place, one bottle of vodka and a couple of bottles of wine, playing cards by the light of a single flickering candle, the alcohol numbing the feeling of cold, we ended up are curled into a heap, a girl with their head on either shoulder as they dozed and Becky curled in the blankets at our feet... all of a sudden Trish's hand slipped, she must have been almost fully asleep, but her hand fell straight onto my crotch... 

I shuddered slightly it had been almost a year since I had last had a girlfriend and any form of sex... I was almost instantly hard... On the other side of my Jenny giggled as she saw what was happening... I blushed crimson. She slowly slid her own hand down and pushed Trish's hand aside, I thought she was saving me until her own hand rested on top of my rapidly expanding shaft.

I shivered again as she slowly and purposefully caressed her hand back and forth, my body twitching... she lent over and slowly pulled the top elastic on my shorts down, revealing my growing erection. Kissing the head she softly commented in my ear that there was definetly some heat coming from my shaft and perhaps that was a way to keep warm... I thought I heard Becky giggle at that point and then felt her hand sliding up my leg towards the bottom of my shorts then inside... I couldn't believe this... but my own hand slid down to the waistband of Jenny's bottoms and inside, feeling the slight fuzz growing over her damp slit. I slowly pushed one fingers inside... 

She gasped and I definetly saw Trish laughing... they were all awake and knew what was happening and all pretenses seemed to vanish, the nervous stress of the situation, the alcohol and the good humour all combined to make everyone relaxed to the point where we gathered all the quilts and blankets into a pile, stripped and settled ourselves inside in one big pile of naked, heated bodies.

I felt my hands running over bodies, soft warm skin, curved rounded asses, full breasts and smaller firmer ones, I didn't know who they were at the time but it didn't matter, all that mattered was making them feel good, the same thing was happening to me, hands caressing my body in the warm darkness, a head slowly moving to swallow my shaft... I gasped feeling my long shaft slide into someone's mouth... groaning

My hands reach our and find to very damp slits, my fingers reaching inside joined by others, working themselves furiously in and out... I gasp as my finger work pays off and I feel a little extra suction on my shaft... bodies writhing in pleasure against each other, sweat and juices mingling together.

Our cries got louder and louder, the bodies shaking as fingers probed deep and hard finding hidden areas, lips sucking and kissing, hands groping in the dark till I groaned through my teeth that I was about to cum, my shaft so hard and tense in someone's mouth... my body as tight as a board as I began to buck my hips wildly my shaft almost bursting as I begin sending stream after stream down her throat... my fingers suddenly becomming slick with juices as one then the other girl cums to the combined fingering of her tender slit... all four of us collapsing under the blankets in a hot heap... laughing and giggling even as I began to shrink I can feel someone toying with my shaft... And slowly licking sounds, as one of the girls tastes another's juices...