 If someone had told me that what had happened last weekend would have happened to me, I think I’d have laughed in their faces. I don’t really believe even now that that it actually did happen.

First of all, I’m recently divorced from a childless marriage and on my own again with no ties or responsibilities. It might seem that I had a lot to look forward to, but really I was kind of depressed. I hated going home to an empty apartment every day after work knowing that another boxed meal was waiting to be nuked. It got to the point that after the third day of passing the freezer over for the fridge and a cold beer. I knew that I’d have to find somewhere else to get my suppers.

I found just around the corner of my new apartment was a small diner that was cheap, fast and had fairly good food. That’s were I met Boner and Bess. She was the waitress and Boner was the cook. It wasn’t until later that we found out that we lived in the same building.

Boner was a thin small guy, always walked around with a grin on his face. Of course with a girlfriend like Bess I can see why. She was a beauty, blonde curly hair, blue eyes that sparkled when she smiled and a body that could stop traffic. I never seen her in anything less than a mid thigh skirt or less and it was plain to any ones eyes that there was no bra under her tight shirts to support those firm D cup breasts.

After a month or so of seeing each other five or six days a week we started to get more acquainted and the three of us started to have a friendship. That’s when I found out that they where a couple and that we lived in the same place. Of course when Bess found out why I had been eating at the diner almost every day I thought that she was going to cry. She started to insist that I join them on Sunday, the only day that she did cook for a meal that would put Boner’s menu to shame. I refused, not wanting to impose on their day off. That Sunday afternoon Bess pounded on my door with a plate food, insisted that I eat every little bit and turned to walk away. I watched her walk down the hall swinging her hips in shorts that left most of her ass cheeks in plain sight.

That Monday, I dropped off the plate and sat at the counter for my usual meal with thanks for such a delicious dinner. Bess beamed at me asking if I really liked it. After I finished my meal Boner came out to the front and poured us each a coffee and sat with me. It was a quiet night in the diner and we were the only ones there. 

We talked about mundane stuff most of the night, the only real thing I can recall was when I asked how Boner got his nickname. Bess blushed and giggled while Boner just grinned but neither would elaborate. That’s when Bess asked what I had planned for the long weekend. I sat there in a stupor, I had forgotten all about it. Bess took that as sure sign that I had nothing planned and invited me to come along with them. At first I refused, not wanting to be a third wheel in their plans. But both of them kept insisting that they would be pleased to have some one else along and went on and on about the great cottage and lake that her parents would let them use on their own just this one weekend of the year.

It was Bess’s remark about being able to walk out the front door of the cottage naked and no one would ever know kind of started to get to me. Especially when I looked up to see the flushed look on her face. Watched as her big nipples swelled in front of me as she sighed as if remembering something.

Finally I relented enough to say that I would consider it. Both of them exclaimed great at the same time and Bess leaned over the counter to give me a hug and I felt her nipples rub into my shoulder.

“You never know,” she smiled wickedly at me, “ you just might find out why he’s called Boner.”

Needless to say I didn’t much sleep that night, thinking about Bess running out the front door of a cottage naked. I could still feel where her big nipples pushed into my shoulder. I was also becoming intrigued by the secret surrounding the origins of Boner’s name.

For the rest of the week the two of them kept at me with tales of how nice and how much fun it will be that by Thursday I relented and gave in. Bess was ecstatic to say the least, while Boner just smiled from the kitchen with a nod. Bess immediately made a list of the things she thought I should pack. Telling me that food and drink could be bought a couple of miles from the cottage and that we could all do that together when we got there.

“Just like a happy little family.” She giggled with childish delight.

I stayed at the diner until they closed it up early and went to our building. We packed everything into my car because it was larger and had air for the three hour summer ride. The sun was just starting to rise when Bess banging at my door, yelling it was time to go loud enough to wake the whole neighbourhood.

I threw Boner the keys hoping that I could have a chance to nod off on the way but Bess insisted on the guys in front so she could have all the back seat to herself.

“Watch,” snickered Boner, “ we won’t make it for coffee before she’ll be sound asleep.”

True to his word, as we pulled into the drive through Boner looked over his shoulder and laughed telling me to check it out. There was Bess in innocent sleep, facing in my direction with one foot on the floor and the other on the seat. I new she was braless under her T-shirt, as she bounced and jiggled in her excitement getting into the car. But I hadn’t realized that she was panty less too. Her shirt had slid to her waist exposing the first pussy I’d seen since my divorce. I stared at the almost invisible patch of white pubic hair at the very top of her outer lips. Saw the pinkness of Bess’s inner lips surrounding a very large, swollen clit. All of her womanhood glistened with the dampness of her excitement in the early morning sun.

She gave me an instant erection and I heard Boner laugh. I turned my head forward to see him glances at my stiffness. I looked down in embarrassment.

“I’m sorry about that Boner, “ I apologized, “ It’s been awhile and I couldn’t help myself. You’re a lucky man.”

Laughing he replied, “ Don’t sweat it man, I like to see other men get hot at my girl, why do you think we invited you to the cottage? We both like a little variety now and then.”

I was shocked at first when he said it, I didn’t know what to think. So they invited me to have sex with her, them and what did he mean by they like to have a variety?

Boner looked over at me and smiled, “ It’s totally up to you Ken, but by the way I just saw the hungry look in your eyes I’m sure you’d like to throw Bess a bone. It tastes as good as it looks by the way.”

I looked back at him, than her and back to him a couple of times before Boner turned his eyes from the road to look at me with a big smile on his face. I was still pretty much speechless not knowing how to react. Sure I’d love to make it with a hot dish like Bess, but I’d never done anything unusual, sex wise in my life.

Boner clear his throat and said, “ I guess I should be honest with you Ken and we’ll understand if decide not to go along.” He paused and looked at me for a moment before he continued, “ Bess and I like to swing, we’re also both bisexual But we do respect other peoples views and limits. We planned this weekend right after we first met you. I wanted to tell up front what we had planned, but Bess wanted to surprise you.”

“It certainly is a surprise,” my voice broke when I tried to respond, “ I’ve never done anything like that before.”

“ Not many people do.” He laughed.

We both went silent as I thought about the situation. In most instances I’d of given my right arm to screw a babe like Bess. But with his omission of being bi would that mean I would have to have sex with him. In younger days I played games with other boys, I remembered the show me yours and I’ll show you mine. Daring each other to touch and play with each other. I remembered all the times in the locker room showers checking out the endowments of other guys. But since my marriage, I never really dwelt on that subject, at least until now. I felt really nervous and didn’t know what to say.

I looked at Boner and he turned his head briefly at me then back to the road and said. “ I’m sorry if I shocked you Ken but at least it’s all out in the open.”

I laughed, “ That’s a bit of an understatement. You floored me man, I don’t know what to say.”

“You don’t have to say anything Ken,” he grinned over at me, “ Pretend this conversation never happened and we’ll work out a surprise for Bess, turn the tables on her eh, what do you think?”

“Sure,” I replied without thinking, “ I’ll be guided by your experience.”

Boner looked at me sharply then and I realized what I had just said. I wondered what meaning he might take from my words. I thought I should break any possible strain of thought that he might have but I could only think of one thing to say.

“So,” I started, “ just why do they call you Boner?” Instantly I felt for some reason that I might not want to know the answer.

Boner laughed before he spoke, “ It’s an old high school nick name. Everything seemed to turn me on so I spent my teen years walking around with a hard on.”

“Didn’t we all?” I replied.

“Probably,” He grinned, “ but mine was quite a bit more noticeable than others.” 

I don’t know where my brains where when I opened my mouth and asked, “ what do you mean?”

Boner glanced at me in astonishment then laughed and started to shift one hand at a time from the wheel to push his track pants and shorts down his thighs. I couldn’t believe how dense I had just been but I also felt an excitement start to build that I never felt before. I found myself leaning over towards the driver’s side of the car as his dark pubic hair gave way to the base of his shaft. It appeared to be almost two inches thick as he forced his clothing down to expose more of the shaft. Boner stopped pushing his pants down at mid thigh and though at least six inches of cock was exposed more was hidden in his clothing. I noticed that he glanced over at me but I couldn’t seem to stop looking as he reached in to his shorts and pulled out the rest of his cock flipping it over his thigh to point at me.

I heard him chuckle and saw what appeared to be a cock that almost reached his knee twitch and straighten slightly back away from me.

“Wow man,” I stated not even trying to hide the amazement in my voice, “ I’ve never seen anything like that before. It kind of make s me feel inadequate.”

“ It wasn’t always a blessing man.” He said in an odd voice.

I looked up at Boner and noticed he had a far away look. I looked back to Bess, her body still exposed in innocent sleep. I looked back to Boner and his eyes were on the road. My eyes drifted once more to his humongous cock that was still straightening itself out away from me.

I knew right then that if I never did what my conscience was urging me to do, I would regret it for the rest of my life. Slowly I reached out and touched the base of his shaft with my fingertips and felt it twitch under my touch. Boner moaned without taking his eyes of the road. His moan encouraged me further and as my fingers slid up his shaft they curled around it. By the time I had traveled up half the shaft my thumb and fingers encompassed his cock. Lifting it slightly I could feel the weight of it as it throbbed in my grasp and the glands slowly lifted up as Boner’s cock became fully erect.

Suddenly I felt Boner’s fingers wrap around my own meagre erection. I shivered in excitement, I couldn’t believe what I was doing and yet my body seemed to be reacting as if this is what I wanted. It wasn’t just the fact that I had this monster cock in my hand but it was a cock and it felt good to touch it.

I glanced back at Bess and wondered what she would think of me if she weren’t asleep. I looked back at the cock in my hand and didn’t really feet that I should care for some reason. I pulled the head closer towards me and saw a glistening drop of fluid escape from the opening. A tremendous urge over came me to taste it. My tongue seemed to act on it’s own to reach out and I licked my first cock. The taste seemed to overwhelm me, it was so good my body shivered and I came in my shorts as Boner squeezed and pulled on my cock through my shorts. Without another thought I let his glands pass my lips and started to suck gently as my head started to bob up and down taking as much of the shaft into my mouth as I could.

“Are you sure you’ve never done this before?” Boner moaned.

I didn’t stop to answer, I just moaned onto his cock and swirled my tongue around the glands. His hips twitched and I heard him grunt about his impending orgasm. I couldn’t seem to stop and suddenly I felt an explosion of liquid fill my mouth followed by another and another slowly dissipating in strength each time. I could feel his seed leak from my lips around his shaft to coat my fingers as I tried to swallow every drop. I lost count of the number of times he shot into me. It happened so fast I didn’t realize how good his seed tasted until I felt his glands slowly soften in my mouth.

“Wow,” he shivered as I licked up what flowed down to my fingers, “Are you sure you’ve never done this before? I’ve never cum that fast with any one before.” And he sighed.

“No,” I laughed at his repeat of the question, “ I guess I was just inspired that’s all.” 

As I licked my lips thinking his cum really did taste good and wondered why I never tried this before. I look to the back seat and noticed that Bess was still in the same exposed position as before.

Boner laughed, “She won’t wake up until the car stops, she never does. That’s why I won’t let her drive on long trips.” He looked over at me with an evil grin and continued in a whisper, “ I’ve got an idea to turn the tables on her surprises if your willing Ken?”

“Really,” I replied with a new found interest in life, “ Maybe you should fill my in on it.”

At this point I was so stimulated sexually that I would of gone along with all most anything. I helped Boner to pull his pants back up and felt a stab of regret when his penis was once again safely inside, out of my sight while I listened to Boner’s plan. I couldn’t help but be amazed at his deviousness and also turned on at the prospect. Just as he started to slow the car down and signal to turn into a collection of buildings he held out his hand to seal the deal. I laughed as we firmly grasped each other’s hand and shook on it as the car stopped in front of the grocery store. True to his word as soon as the engine stopped Bess moaned and stirred into wakefulness asking if we were there yet in a sweet childlike voice.

Boner and I followed Bess around the grocery store watching her naked ass undulate under the thin t-shirt occasionally catching a glimpse of cheek as she reached to a high shelf or a peek of pink pussy lips when she bent at hips to reach a bottom shelf. The whole store seemed to flash past me while I thought about the good fortune that had come my way and watched Bess’s movements. I’m still not sure all of what she bought.

An hour later we pulled into a long drive that led to an A-frame style cottage surrounded by trees. Boner put his plan into action when we got out of the car.

“Let’s flip to see who puts the food away.” He said while handing out coins to us. “ Odd coin gets the work.”

I had to suppress my laughter as we had already decided to cheat. Bess stomped away in anger towards the car at losing, but not until after stripping off her t-shirt and throwing it in Boner’s face.

“Come on Ken,” He said, “ I’ll show you around the place while we’re waiting. Do be a dear and meet us on the patio with a few drinks when you’re done unloading Bess.”

We chuckled to each other to sound of Bess’s muffled curses as when went inside and straight through to the patio. Once there, Boner pulled a lounge chair over to where it wouldn’t be seen from inside the patio doors. He reached up under the over sized t-shirt that had hidden the wet spot on my shorts left by our earlier encounter. Grinning at me he dropped to his knees and lifted my shirt. He covered the dampness with his mouth and I could feel him sucking out cum from the material of my shorts while rubbing up against my anticipating hard-on. 

I heard him moan as he stood up and began to strip off his cloths. I followed his lead and in seconds I was kneeling on the lounge by his head with my little seven-inch cock pushing between his lips. I couldn’t control the shivering of my body from the excitement I felt as once again I grasped his huge cock. With both hands I bent slightly and rolled my tongue over the glands as I jerked his foreskin up and down. I wondered if it felt the same for him when we both moaned and I could feel the gentle vibration of it up my cock and along my tailbone. It made me shiver and his cock twitched in my grasp while a drop of sweet pre-cum drained onto my tongue. The flavour pushed me on to seek out more delicious nectar.

Just as I felt myself start to orgasm Boner showed his experience by pinching the base of my cock allowing just a drop of seed to seep up out of my shaft into his mouth. My whole body trembled as I felt his tongue swirl around the head of my cock. I followed his lead and rested my hand at the base of his long cock. In only moments I felt his scrotum clench and I squeezed as hard as I could. Feeling his tremors under my hand as a dollop of his cum traveled up the long shaft into my expectant mouth. I sucked hard in my greed to taste him again. Swirling his seed in my mouth to savour before swallowing it.

Suddenly I heard a gasp and a crash, Bess stood at the door with wide eyes and open mouth as the tray of drinks crashed to the deck. I heard Boner snicker and I released the base of his cock and removed the glands from my mouth to look up at her. Boner’s cock erupted into my face as did mine into his mouth.

Instantly I covered the spouting cock with my lips and heard Bess’s gasp of surprise turn to a purr as she walked over to kneel beside us.

“Aren’t you the naughty boys, starting all the fun with out me.”

“We thought you needed a surprise.” Boner replied.

Bess leaned forward and licked the cum off of my face while I sucked out the last few drops of cream from Boner’s cock.

“Save me some.” Bess exclaimed as she pulled his cock from my mouth and stuck her tongue into my mouth to share.

She pulled us off of the lounge unto the deck and started to arrange us to her liking. Boner was flat on his back with his still hard penis standing straight up. I couldn’t believe I was still hard as she had me straddle his face. Boner started to jack off my cock while licking and sucking on my scrotum. Bess knelt so she could rub Boner’s cock head against her pussy lips then rubbed it between our faces as our tongues duelled with each other. She repeated this process several times until shivering with desire she impaled herself upon it pulling my face into her pussy demanding me to suck her clit.

Boner moved past my balls and was digging his tongue into my anus. I never considering anal sex before and I wasn’t ready for the rush that ran through my body. Suddenly Bess convulsed and screamed out in orgasm. I could see the juices from her pussy dripping down his long cock. I dove in to lick her nectar up as fast as I could from his throbbing penis.

Bess moved off his cock and held it, watching me lick her juice from the head.

“Hmm,” She purred, “you don’t know how much watching men suck cock turns me on.”

She gave a shudder that I reflected from the onslaught I felt as Boner pushed his tongue deeper into my ass.

“Lets change.” She announced.

She pulled me off the tongue that had almost made me cum again and pushed me down onto my back. Next, she squatted her pink pussy over my face. The lips were still swollen and open with juice dripping out as she sat on my face. She leaned down and took my penis into her mouth instantly swallowing it down until I felt her chin squash my pubic hairs. Then she started to slowly withdraw it and then plunge back down on it quickly over and over while her fingers probe my saliva, moistened ass. 
