 Boner and Bess 2:  First Anal

I woke up just as the afternoon sun cleared the eaves of the house to fall on my face. I could see that they had slept also with Boner, still buried inside of Bess. I rolled over on my side facing them and watched as the sunlight slowly moved up their legs. I thought about what I had become or rather the part of me that was always hidden under the surface that had the opportunity to finally rise up and make itself clear. I knew that I could never hide it from myself again the pleasures that life could give.

The sun touched their connected groins, showing cum that had dried and flaked on Bess’s inner thighs. I could still see some of their mixed juices seeping out from around Boner’s flaccid penis still snuggled inside her vagina.

Moving closer I could smell their combined aromas and felt my excitement grow anew. Slowly I stretched my tongue to once again taste of it, knowing at last that this would be all that I lived for from this day forward. I would want to suck cock as well as pussy.

I covered their combined flesh with my mouth and sucked out what I could from them. Bess moaned and stirred to wakefulness. She ran her hand up the back of my leg until she reached my ass cheek to squeeze it.

“What a lovely way to wake up,” She giggled, “ I just might want to keep you.”

I moaned into her crotch with a shiver, causing Boner to groan and sit up.

“Wow,” He exclaimed, “ Do I ever feel drained. I can’t believe you’re still ready to go Ken.”

He reached over Bess and pulled my hard on making me shiver. He slowly pulled his cock out of Bess’s vagina as I placed my mouth over it and sucked off the juice he exposed. As the glands appeared he stopped to give me a chance to suck his soft flesh into my mouth and clean it for him.

Bess pushed me to my back and straddled my face saying, “ As long as you want to clean up Ken, you might as well do me too.”

Her open pussy was just inches above my mouth as I watched their combined juices start to drip down towards my waiting tongue. Suddenly Bess contracted the lower muscles of her abdomen slightly and when she relaxed again liquid poured out of her vagina filling my mouth. I heard her laughter as I fought to swallow it all while relishing the sweet taste. Lowering herself down until my tongue could reach up inside of her to search for more she began to squeeze and pull on my cock.

“You know Ken.” She started, “ Your cock may not be as long as Boner’s is, but it sure is a lot thicker. I don’t think I’ve ever had one this thick before.”

She shuddered as my tongue touched her clit and her hips danced a jig on my face. Shifting forward slightly she moved her anus over my mouth and groaned while I tried to push up inside of it.

“Yeah, that’s the spot. Get me nice and wet so I can feel your thick cock up my ass Ken.” She moaned.

I felt her leaning down and begin to lick my sensitive glands as she pulled gently on my cock. The deeper I probed my tongue into her anus the harder Bess pushed down on my face.

“You’re such a good ass licker Kenny,” she groaned, “I could let you do it forever but I just got to feel this fat cock of yours up my ass.”

Sliding down my body I could feel the heat and dampness of her pussy as she dragged it across my skin. We both shuddered when our sexes came into contact. Bess stopped when the head of my penis was poised at her vagina. She looked back over her shoulder and sat down onto my groin, forcing the full length of my cock inside of her with a grunt and she shuddered again. 

“Now for the good part.” She giggled.

Lifting up she positioned the tip of my cock against her asshole and smiled at me.

“ Ever fuck an ass before Ken?” she asked me.

“No” I replied, my voice breaking with anticipation.

“Ever have a cock up your ass before?” Bess asked with a little girl voice as the head of my cock slowly disappeared inside of her and she shuddered.

It felt tighter and hotter than any pussy I ever had before. I just shook my head no.

“Well you seemed to have enjoyed it when I played with your ass earlier.” She stated as she slowly lowered her body down the length of my cock.

This was quite a sensation for me, I’ve always wanted to try anal sex but my ex wouldn’t even let me touch her anus with a washcloth in the shower. I was so excited I felt like I was going to blow a load before we really got started. I grabbed her hips as she started to rise up and held her down for a moment.

“Excitement’s too much for you dear boy?”  She giggled over her shoulder at me and shook her hips.

I felt Bess pull apart my legs and slide her hands down my inner thighs. With one hand she toyed with my scrotum and the other traced circles against my anus. I started to shake and she giggled. Once her hips were released, Bess started to slowly raise herself again until just the head remained inside. Then, in a flash she dropped back down so hard that she almost forced me to sit up. While she grunted and her hips quivered against me I felt a finger tip slide into me.

Bess repeated those actions several times occasionally forcing another finger in my ass. Her free hand was pinching the base of my cock keeping me from exploding until she wanted me too. 

Once she begin a steady rhythm she began to speak, “You can’t believe how good a nice thick cock feels up your ass Ken. It’s nothing like my fingers. Do you like to feel my fingers inside of you?”

I could only groan and shiver in ecstasy and heard her giggle.

“I think I’m going to have to get out my strap on and take your ass cherry before I let you go for a ride on Boner’s big cock. Would you like that Ken?” She asked with voice heavy with excitement.

Before I could answer, Boner reappeared with a tray. Placing a couple of beers on the table beside us he smiled and said, “ I’ll start the barbeque seeing you two are so busy.”

Bess’s hips suddenly twisted back and forth for a moment. She started to increase the speed of her movements until it felt like she would rip my penis from my body. Just when I thought I’d pass out she slammed herself down onto the full length of my cock releasing the base and shivering violently in orgasm as I pumped a load of semen deep into her bowls.

Bess lay back against me, her body still slightly shivering. I could feel her sphincter releasing then gripping my softening cock as if she was trying to pull it back into her body. We groaned simultaneously while Boner laughed and applauded our performance.

“I wished I got that on film.” He said shaking his head in mock regret

I looked over and saw his long penis starting to become erect. My sphincter closed spasmodically at thought of that thing invading me. Bess was watching me she winked and leaned close to my ear.

She whispered to me, “It’s not as scary as it looks. Don’t worry,” She pulled away and smiled at me, “I’ll hold your hand and protect you.”

Giggling like a little kid she pulled herself off of me and laughed as she went into the house.

After catching my breath I pulled myself into a chair. I was totally wiped out and just sipped on my beer while Boner saw to supper. Bess reappeared just as Boner brought the food to the table and she sat rather quickly at the far end between the two other settings. She looked at me with a sly look and waved me over to join them. My legs felt like they had lead weights attached to my ankles and it seemed to take a lot of effort just to make there.

We ate quietly, or I should say Boner and I did because Bess kept up a stream of chatter through out the whole meal. Occasionally I would notice her leaning over and squeeze my flaccid penis, then lean towards Boner. I imagine that he was receiving the same groping that I was. After we had finished, Boner collected the dishes and said he’d return with fresh beers after taking care of them. The whole time he was gone Bess was petting my worn out cock trying to coax another hard-on from it and I thought that I was just too worn out.

When Boner returned she looked at him and with a whiny little girl voice said. “Boner, it won’t work any more.” And made an exaggerated motion of jerking off my flaccid member.

Boner laughed and replied, “Well dear, you probably wore the poor thing out. I know how good your ass feels, I’m surprised it isn’t black and blue.”

“I guess it’s okay,” she said with a sigh, “I did have other plans for Kenny tonight.”

Bess stood up and stepped to my chair facing me. She had been wearing a strap-on during the meal and now stood with it at eye level to me. I swallowed and felt my ass twitch knowing what she had in mind. Placing a hand under my chin she lifted my gaze up to met hers and smiled.

“I’ve never taken an ass cherry before.” She breathed at me, “Kenny’s going to be my first, aren’t you dear?”

I was speechless and just stared back at her sly smiling face as she shifted her hips and rubbed the fake penis across my lips.

“You’ll love it Ken.” Boner shouted, “ Bess’s strappy is the best and she can really drive it well.”

He came around the table and the two of them led me into the house to the den. Bess pushed me down to the floor in front of the fireplace as Boner lit a fire. The two of them scurried around, lighting candles and getting drinks. I couldn’t take my eyes off of Bess as she moved around the room with the fake cock bouncing in time with her breasts. I was becoming excited again, my penis started to stiffen in anticipation. I could still feel how tight her fingers felt as she had pushed them inside of me. Even though inside I knew it would hurt, my sphincter spasmed with every heart beat that sent more blood to my growing erection. I found myself shaking with excitement even though I would have never thought that I’d be doing this. I was still squatting on my knees when Bess came up to me and stuck her strap-on in my face.

 “Ready sugar,” she asked, “Or do you want to suck it first?”

I looked up at her and opened my mouth, she smiled and pushed the fake cock between my lips.

“Oh yeah,” Bess cooed, “That’s a good boy, suck mama’s cock. Get it good and wet so slides nice and easy up your little virgin ass.”

Listening to Bess’s voice made me shiver while she fucked my face holding my head in her hands. I felt movement behind as Boner slide on his back placing himself under my ass. I felt a rush fly through my body ass his tongue flicked against my anus. He started with slow, light circles increasing the force until his tongue was jabbing into my sphincter making my cock throb. I was so excited I almost forgot about how nervous I was until Bess pulled her strap on from my mouth and moved behind me pushing my shoulders down to the floor. I could feel Boner straddle my back and begin to rub my ass cheeks forcing them further apart. Bess kneeled behind me and felt her fingers rubbing a cool greasy substance onto my anus. Slowly she slipped first one, then another finger inside of me until I felt her knuckles rub against me.

“Look Boner,” She said in awe, “ He wants it so bad I bet I could fist fuck his horny ass.”

I felt my ass clench tight on her fingers at her words and my cock throb while she let out a giggle. It happened so fast I couldn’t believe it, one second I felt Bess’s knuckles stretching my anal ring and next I felt her eight inch rubber cock drive into me until I felt her body collide with mine with enough force to make my hard on slap up into my stomach. I felt a searing heat and pain that spread out from my groin.

Grasping me by the waist she pulled back harder as if to push deeper into me and then held herself buried deep until I relaxed. As the pain grew less I could feel the trembling of my hips growing stronger until my whole body shook.

“Look Boner,” Bess said with excitement, “He’s loving it, look how the slut’s ass is shaking.”

I heard Boner’s moan from behind me as Bess started to withdraw the strap on from me slowly. I heard her groan just before forcing it back in. In moments she had begun to pick up speed and I became lost to everything but the sensation of having a cock fucking my ass for the first time. I felt myself cumming but when I did my orgasm seemed to go on and on. I vaguely remember hearing Bess’s voice say it’s your turn now and feeling then the emptiness when she pulled put and moved away from behind me.

Before I could react I felt another object probing my anus and I knew it was Boner. Bess was beside me cooing into my ear and held me in place as I felt the glands push into me. I felt the difference immediately, Boner’s cock wasn’t just thicker but the feeling of real flesh penetrating my ass was unbelievable. I still can’t describe the difference other than saying it felt so much better.

Boner took his time, slowly working inch by inch of his hot fleshy pole inside me and pulling out and then back in. I lost all sense of time as I felt more and more cock fill me up. Just when I thought that I’d die impaled on Boner’s long cock I felt his pubic hair brush against my ass and his big balls slap into mine making my whole body began to shudder. He continued to fuck me and all I could do was moan and groan as my body convulsed in what felt like orgasm after orgasm.

Some how Bess slipped under me and I felt her moaning around my cock. I didn’t think anything could so great as this when suddenly Boner announced he was cumming. He started to ram me harder and I felt his cock spasm and throb as a searing heat spewed into me. The last thing I remember that night was collapsing onto the floor and hearing Bess’s giggle.

“I think he’s going to make us a perfect little slut Boner, thank you.”