 “Oh god Jonny, you’re driving me nuts”, moaned Tammy as I worked my fingers into her asshole and pussy at the same time. The three of us were huddled up, making out with each other and mauling each other’s bodies. Sharon who had her tongue down my throat was trying desperately to get me cock hard again.

“You guys, I have to get to my meeting. It’s only scheduled for a half hour so I’ll be back then. You guys can stay here if you want, but don’t doing anything too fun that I will regret missing”, said Tammy as she pulled away from us. She walked over to her desk and started to put her clothes back on. I spun Sharon around and started grinding my crotch into her ass. My cock rested between her ass cheeks as she ground back. “You guys look so hot”, said Tammy as she finished putting on her clothing. I reached around the front of Sharon, grabbing her big tits in both of my hands. Sharon moved her head to the side and we started making out again. “Ok, see you guys in 30”, said Tammy as she walked out of the office. I let go of the Sharon and went and locked the door.

“Jonny, you are so hot. You are making my cunt so wet right now”, said Sharon as she started to finger her dripping snatch. I walked over to her and put my hand over her pussy.

“Why don’t you lay down on Tammy’s desk and I’ll give that cunt the eating of a lifetime”, I whispered into her ear. Sharon made her way to Tammy’s desk and laid down on it, with her legs pointing towards her chair. I sat down in Tammy’s chair and Sharon spread her legs, resting her feet on top of the desk. Her cunt was absolutely soaking wet, and the lips were a nice puffy red from fingering herself. Her pussy was cleanly shaved, and begging to be eaten. Sharon reached down and opened her snatch up, revealing the pink innards to me. I took a deep breath, savouring her odour. I then dove in and started to lap away at her soaking clit, fingering her cunt at the same time.

“Oh yeah baby, eat my pussy. Make me cum baby. Fuck me with your tongue”, groaned Sharon as I lapped away at her mound. I was working my fingers deeper and deeper into her sex, filling the room with slurping sounds. I could have eaten her pussy all day. I pulled my dripping fingers from her pussy and moved them down an inch to her sweet asshole. I started to rub her anal passage, teasing her. “Oh fuck Jonny. Stick that finger in my ass. Finger fuck my little asshole.” I then forced my finger all the way into her tight little ass and moved it around inside of her, still continuing to eat her cunt. I was now really fingering her asshole and lapping away at her pussy. My face was covered in her juices. I moved my way up to her face and we made out for a few minutes, letting Sharon taste her dirty juices on my lips. “Oh god Jonny, I need your prick inside me. Fuck me with that hard cock of yours.”

“You want my cock in your cunt. Why don’t you beg for it you slut”, I teased.

“Please Jonny, fuck me. Fuck my dirty cunt with your big hard cock.”

I then took my cock into my hand and jerked it off for a minute or so, making it nice and hard. I then started to rub the head of my dick on her sensitive clit, driving her totally wild. I then slid it into her steaming cunt, letting it grip my boner. “Fuck, you’re cunt is so tight.”

“Yeah baby, it’s nice and tight for your big cock. That’s it baby, fuck my little pussy. Slide that prick into my little hot snatch.” Sharon was fingering her little clitty as I pounded her in her pussy. Suddenly I heard a key in the door and looked up. Tammy walked in, followed by her assistant Craig. I couldn’t believe that half an hour had already passed. I must have eaten Sharon’s cunt for a good 20 minutes.

“Oh, it looks like you guys are having fun. I hope I didn’t miss too much”, said Tammy as she closed the door, locking it behind her. “As you can see, I asked Craig to join us. I figured the more the merrier.” Tammy was out of her top in no time, revealing her big tits to us again. Craig had his shirt off fairly quickly as well and Tammy started to undo his pants. She finally managed to get them off, revealing his semi-hard prick. “Mmmm, such a nice cock you have Craig, as Tammy got on her knees and took into into her mouth. I continued to drill away at Sharon’s twat, watching the show that was unfolding before me.

“Fuck Jonny, this was the last thing I expected at work today”, moaned Craig as he watched Tammy’s mouth engulf his hardon.

”No shit. Did Tammy tell you what happened today”, I asked?

“Yeah, she filled me in. Sounds real hot. I can’t wait to fuck these sluts’ tits like you did. I’ve wanted to fuck Sharon’s ever since she started here.”

“That seems to be the general consensus”, groaned Sharon as she continued to finger her cunt, feeling my prick rub against her hand on each thrust. She then moved her hands up to her tits and started to squeeze, and maul them, really turning us all on. I then moved my hands up to her tits and helped her with her chore.

Tammy then got up and led Craig, by his cock, over to the desk. “Why don’t you fuck her mouth while Jonny fucks her little cunt”, said Tammy. Sharon then let her head hang over the edge of the desk while she lay on her back. Craig then positioned himself so he could easily slide his cock into her mouth. Sharon took it into her mouth, slurping away at his pole. Craig moved his hands to her tits and started to feel her up.

“Fuck these are some nice titties. We’re gonna have some fun today.”

Tammy then moved around to where I was fucking Sharon. She had now removed her skirt and was completely naked. She leaned down so she could lick Sharon’s clit as I fucked her. She then looked up at me and said, “feed me your cock baby. Let me taste this little slut’s cunt on your prick.” I slid my cock out of Sharon’s cunt and Tammy immediately took it into her mouth, tasting the paralegal’s pussy juice. I then started feeding it to her like she requested. I fucked her face for a couple seconds, and then she led me back into Sharon’s pussy. I fucked her cunt for a few strokes then moved it back to Tammy’s mouth. We did this a few times, letting Tammy get a good taste of Sharon’s pussy.

Craig was really fucking Sharon’s mouth now. His cock was disappearing into her throat, as his balls were slapping her nose. Sharon loved it. She must have cum 10 times as we drilled her from both ends. “I need to feel one of your cocks guys”, said Tammy as she knelt in the middle of her office. Craig and I both pulled out of Sharon and I helped her to her off the desk. She immediately planted a big kiss on me, forcing her tongue into my mouth. I reached around her back again and forced two fingers into her asshole. It took her by surprise, but she loved it.

Tammy told Sharon to come kneel in the same position as her, but facing her. It looked hot as their double-Ds smashed together, creating a mound of tit flesh. They both arched their backs, sticking their asses out. “Now both of you eat our asses. Get them ready for your cocks”, ordered Tammy. Craig got behind Sharon and I got behind Tammy. We both positioned ourselves so we could access their assholes. We started to lap away at their asses as they both reached around, spreading their cheeks. Tammy’s ass was nice and pink, and was still a little loose from my earlier ass fingering I gave her. I forced my tongue as deep as I could into her asshole, making her moan and shudder with pleasure. “Fuck yeah Jonny. Eat my ass. Stick your tongue up my ass and fuck it baby.” I was really losing my mind, eating her ass like a bat out of hell.

I looked over at Sharon and Craig was making her as crazy as I was making Tammy. Sharon’s eyes were closed as Craig fingered her anal passage. He then removed his fingers and started to lap at her asshole. Both ladies then started to make out as they both got their asses eaten by me and Craig. I was now able to get three fingers into Tammy’s ass, all the way to my knuckles. She was ready. “Put your cock in my asshole Jonny. I’m ready for your big cock to fuck my tight little asshole.” I then spit a big wad into her gaping asshole to make it nice and wet for the fucking.

I squatted over her ass and slid by boner all the way in. Her asshole felt amazing. Craig was in the exact same position, but was already pounding Sharon in the ass. I picked up the pace and fucked Tammy’s little asshole. I started to whisper into her ear. “You like getting your asshole fucked, don’t you? You’re such a dirty slut, taking a big cock into your little asshole. Only sluts like getting their asses fucked like this. Is that what you are?”

“Oh yes, Jonny. I’m such a slut. Fuck my asshole with your big cock baby.” Tammy then reached around and grabbed Sharon’s ass, spreading it while Craig fucked it. She could feel his cock rub against her hands as he fucked Sharon in her backdoor.

“Fuck it Craig. Fuck my little ass. Show me how hard you can fuck my little asshole. Show me how you have wanted to slide your big prick into my asshole since I started working here”, groaned Sharon. She then started to make out with Tammy again as we both gave their asses our cocks.

“Fuck, let me try your cock now Craig”, said Tammy. Craig and I pulled out of the ladies’ asses and switched places. Sharon’s ass was gaping wide open. I spit into her anal tunnel and then slid my cock right into her hot ass. Craig and I started pounding their asses again, filling their bowels with our meat poles. Both Sharon and Tammy were moaning like crazy as our cocks pistoned in and out of their little assholes. I pulled my cock out of her ass and leaned down, sticking my tongue into her gaping hole.

“Fuck Jonny, eat my gaping asshole. Stick your tongue into my wide open asshole. Her ass was exquisite and I lapped away at her hole, feeling it collapse around my tongue. I then slide my cock back in and fucked her ass for a couple strokes and pulled out again. Her ass was gaping again and I started to make out with it. The sensation of my tongue tickling her ass made Sharon wild.

Craig and I switched a number of times between Sharon and Tammy’s asses. They loved getting them fucked and we were happy to oblige. “Bring those cocks here and let us taste them”, grunted Sharon. Craig pulled out of Sharon, and I pulled out of Tammy, and we both stood on either side of the girls, whose tits were still mashed together. Sharon too my cock into her mouth, tasting Tammy’s asshole on it. Tammy did the same, tasting Sharon on Craig’s cock. They both slobbered all over our cocks, taking them deep into their throats, trying desperately to consume them.

Seeing the two sluts kneeling there with their tits mashing together gave me a great idea. “Are you guys ready for us to fuck those big tits of yours”, I asked?

“Oh yeah, who wants to fuck my big titties first”, asked Sharon.

“Just wait a second, I have an idea. Sharon, suck her tits and make them nice and wet”, I said. Sharon pulled away from Tammy and took her tits into her mouth, slobbering all over them, coating them with her spit. “Now Tammy, you grease up her tits.” Tammy then took both of Sharon’s big boobs into her hands and started to coat them with her saliva. “Now, both of you squish your tits together like you were.”

“Oh, I think I know what he has in mind”, said Tammy as she and Sharon hugged each other, making their tits flatten against each other. I think everyone had it figured out by now. Craig stood on the one side of the ladies, and I stood on the other. “Come on boys, slide those cocks in here and fuck our jugs.”

Craig and I both slid our cocks straight into the ample amount of tit flesh that was being offered to us. We were both all the way in and I could feel the head of his cock rubbing against the head of mine. We slowly started to fuck the tit flesh, in and out, in and out. Our cocks would rub their nipples each time, making both of the little sluts go wild with lust.

“Oh fuck yeah. This is so fucking amazing. Fuck our tits. Slide those big hard cock between our titties. Fuck them…oh yeah, fuck them nice and hard”, growled Sharon. Craig and I picked up the pace, sliding our pricks in and out of the soft mounds of tit meat. The sensation was outstanding as our cocks rubbed against the soft milky flesh of Sharon and Tammy’s tits. We would both shudder as our cocks met at the middle of their tits. Everything was rubbing together, driving everyone mad.

“Pull those cocks out and spank our titties”, said Tammy. Both girls separated themselves and Craig and I took a hold of our cocks. We both started to slap their tits with our slippery boners. We both had one tit’s of each of our sluts. My cock was dripping precum and I squeezed it out onto the slipper flesh of their tits. Craig did the same thing, coating his two titties with his lubricant. Sharon then took my cock into her mouth and Tammy followed suit, taking Craig into her mouth. Both of them sucked on our pricks for a few minutes, making sure we were nice and wet for their tits.

“Fuck yeah, make those cocks nice and wet so we can continue fucking those big jugs”, said Craig as he guided Tammy’s head with his hand. Sharon then released my cock from her throat.

“Come on, put them back between our titties”, she said. Tammy spat Craig’s cock out and the two sluts pressed their tits together again. Craig and I slid our cocks back into their fleshy confines and started our tit fucking all over again.

“You like that, don’t you, you little sluts. Having two cocks sliding in between both of your titties”, I groaned as I pumped my cock into their tits.

“Fuck them nice and hard. Shoot your load in there at the same time.” Tammy was cumming from this tit fucking. Her body started to shudder as she climaxed. I pulled my cock all the way out and then slammed it back into the sizzling tit flesh. The sensation of my cock rubbing against their nipples on every stroke was sensational. 

“Fuck, I’m gonna cum”, moaned Craig. I was super close too. We both forced our cocks in as far as we could. My cock head was resting on the top of his and we started to make smaller strokes, fucking their titties, and letting the head of our pricks rub together. The sensation drove us both over the edge.

”Oh yeah boys, slide those cock all over our titties. Cum hard for us. Fuck our jug and cum in our mashed titties”, whispered Sharon, who was really trying to get us off with her dirty talk. “Think of how you are going to see me in the office tomorrow, knowing that you had just fucked my titties. That you both fuck our titties at the same time.”

“You’ll probably want to take her to the bathroom, sit her down and fuck her big titties right there. Shooting your load in her cleavage and all over her face”, added Tammy.

“Or maybe you can just come to my desk and fuck my titties right there, like Jonny likes to do.” Sharon looked up and me and winked. Craig and I both let out a moan and we both erupted at the same time, sending our cum into the tit flesh we were fucking. The temperature must have doubled inside the double-Ds as our cum coated everything. We pounded their tits until our orgasm subsided, leaving a sticky mess on the ladies’ chests. The whole time we were cumming, Sharon and Tammy were making out, feeling our hard cocks empty our seed onto their chests. The sight was amazing. Both of the ladies spread apart to reveal their cum covered chests. They were both absolutely soaked.

“Clean each other off”, I ordered. Sharon immediately started to lick away at Tammy big soft titties, taking our cum into her mouth. When she was done, Tammy started to lap away at Sharon’s. Sharon then looked up at me.

I leaned down and started to make out with her, letting our tongues intertwine as she got her titties cleaned off. I then moved my head down to her big titties and took one into her mouth. Tammy then started to make out with me, and Sharon was now making out with Craig. The whole scene was truly unreal.