 I loved my boyfriend. I was very young, just barely turned 18. He kept asking me over and over if we could have a threesome with me and another girl. Greg was a year older than me and somewhat possessive. I never thought about having a threesome, nor did I really want to. After he begged over and over I told him "sure, we can after you have one with me and another guy." I never thought he would go for that, I was sure wrong.

One afternoon, Greg, his friend Chris and I were hanging out at his apartment; it was something we often did. Out of the blue Greg suggested we go in the bedroom and watch a movie, that's where the only TV was so that was not really a big shock, the only thing odd was I knew we didn't have anything new to watch. We all went back and got comfy on the king sized bed. By this time in our relationship Chris and I had become really good friends since we were always hanging out together. Greg got up and popped in a video, neither of us knew what he put in. After he turned on the TV we found out. It was one of his random porn movies; he and I had watched most of them together many times before. I was surprised to see him do this. After a few minutes I started to get really hot. I cuddled up to my boyfriend and started to get a little frisky. Chris kept looking over trying to see where this was going to go. After about 15 minutes Greg and I started to seriously make out. Chris seemed to be watching us more than the video at this point. Greg suggested I go kiss Chris and get him to join us. I quickly agreed because by this point I too was eager to see where this was going to go. I slowly started to kiss Chris. He seemed very interested to join at this point. We joined Greg on the bed and they both started to undress me. Greg unbuttoned my jeans and started to slide them down my legs. Chris followed his lead and started to pull my t-shirt over my head. The guys started to kiss and caress my whole body. It was a sensation I had never felt before. My boyfriend and I had been intimate many times before, but having another man watch and join was a whole new rush. Chris made the next move and took off my bra. Greg followed and removed my underwear. 

Greg started to kiss up my thigh until he reached my dripping hot pussy. He slowly entered a finger into my hot hole. His tongue was lapping up my juices and circling my clit. I was so hot at this point that I started to kiss Chris vigorously and reached my hand down to the ever-growing bulge in his jeans. He was hard and ready to go. I undid his jeans so I could get to his hard cock. After freeing it from his jeans I pulled him up so that I could taste his sweet member. He was about the same length as my boyfriend but much thicker. I started to lick up and down the shaft stopping to flick my tongue over the head now and then. Seeing this got my boyfriend hard and ready, he started moving up my body, kissing every inch of my body on his way up. He stopped at my breasts and played with each of my nipples, giving each one all the attention they deserved, flicking his tongue over the tip and sucking each one slowly. I stopped sucking Chris's cock and turned my attention to my boyfriend. We started to kiss passionately, more so than ever before. Chris moved down my body and took over where Greg left off. Greg was good at eating pussy but he was nothing compared to Chris. I had never had my pussy eaten so good, he knew just the right spots to hit with his tongue, fingers and chin. I was squirming halfway thru him licking and sucking my clit. I started to massage Greg's cock at this point. 

About an hour into this play session I needed a cock in me. Greg wanted to be the first to fuck me so he suggested for Chris to get sucked off again. I happily agreed. I rolled over on my stomach so that I could get fucked on my knees, I figured it would be easier to suck Chris off that way and it is my favorite position after all. I quickly took Chris's hard member in my mouth at the same time that Greg impaled me on his throbbing shaft. I sucked in rhythm to Greg's dick pumping in and out. Chris was about to explode down my throat and Greg started pumping faster and harder, I knew he was ready to cum too. I had already cum twice, not counting all the times before actually having sex. They guys came at almost the same time. I was surprised. Greg pulled out of me and laid on the bed, tired from the events. I was still ready to go. Chris seemed ready for round two also. 

I started to kiss Chris slowly and passionately. Chris' cock started to swell again. I'm not really sure what Greg was thinking at this point, he got up to take a shower, I didn't care what he was thinking either. I started to fully undress Chris. He was so worked up and ready. He was a couple years older than Greg and it showed in his experience. He knew every spot to touch, caress and kiss. I had never experienced anything like this with Greg. After several minutes of kissing and touching I could tell Chris was ready. I pushed him down onto the bed and slowly started to straddle him. His cock felt so good, better than Greg's ever did. Don't get me wrong, sex with Greg was good but this was incredible. It was like we were meant to fit together or something. After riding him for only a few minutes I started to have my first orgasm. I slowly slid up and down on his hard shaft, I looked into his eyes as they were rolling up into his head. Apparently he was enjoying what I was doing too. I slid my hands up and pinned his arms above his head as I fucked him faster and faster. It was nice being in control. He was getting close and started to kiss me passionately. He rolled me over and started to fuck me like I'd never been fucked before. He pulled my legs up on his shoulders and fucked me hard and fast. He dick hit every spot to make me squirm. By this point I was at my third or fourth orgasm, never had I had multiples before. I could tell he was ready to cum and so was I, again. He thrust his dick in as far as it would go as he came, it felt incredible. He slowly started pulling out and leaned down and kissed me again. I was ready to melt into the bed. I had never been ravaged so well in my life. 

We all started to get dressed, Greg was acting a little distant, it was his idea so he shouldn't be mad. Needless to say all I could think about was being with Chris again. I had never felt like I did with him, who knew if I ever would again. Things seemed to go back to normal, none of us really talked about what happened again. Greg still wanted a threesome with me and another girl, I wasn't into girls so who knows if that's going to happen. Chris and I hung out a lot, with Greg and without, nothing happened. . . for a long time.

Turns out everything happens for a reason, some for good and some for bad. Greg started getting more and more possessive and scared me a little. Needless to say we ended up breaking up after awhile, that opened a door for Chris and I . . . that leads to stories for another time.