 For those of you who don't know me, my name is Jonny Cakes. I am a 29 year old lawyer in downtown Toronto. Working in downtown Toronto can sure take a toll on one's self, but it definitely has its advantages as well. Working in the city, you are within throwing distance of anything you could possibly want. Be it the trendy new restaurants or the hottest new clothing store, downtown T.O. has it. Beyond all of these great things, it seems that all of the hottest babes hang out downtown. Nothing beats grabbing lunch on the patio of some restaurant, watching all of the hotties walk by. But I don't have to leave my office building to see some of the hottest ladies in T.O.

The building I work in is quite large, and houses a number of different company offices. On the main floor is a fairly large cafeteria that caters to the building staff. Since I started working for my current company over 5 years ago, there has been this one chic working in the cafeteria that has filled my mind with naughty thoughts. Her name is Tara and she and I have caught each other sneaking peaks on a number of occasions. Tara is quite young, around 24, with straight brown hair that reaches the middle of her back. When I first started with the company, she was a little heavy, but had a great set of tits. However over the next few years she started hitting the gym and toned up her body, giving her great ass with all of the curves in the right places. Even though she lost a bunch of weight, her tits remained the same size – a double-D in fact.

I had always wanted to ask Tara out for a drink, but didn't want to do it in the office, fearing a nasty harassment suit. I vowed that if I ever saw her outside of the office I would definitely make my move. For those of you who know me, I love a great set of tits, and Tara had a set that needed my attention. I can't even count the number of times that I jerked off thinking about sliding my cock between her two big jugs.

Once Saturday afternoon, I was doing some shopping downtown and I saw Tara across the street. I knew that my chance had arrived and I quickly made my way over to her.

"Hey Tara, how's it going?"

"Oh hey Jonny, I'm doing pretty well. I see you are doing some shopping too?"

"Yeah, got a little bored at home so I thought I would spend some money," I laughed.

Tara must have noticed me staring at her tits. She was wearing a very tight black tank-top that made her tits look incredible. The cleavage that she was revealing was just begging to be screwed. She was also wearing a pair of hip-hugging jeans that showed off her navel, and the path to her sweet snatch.

I figured it was now or never. "So, can I buy you a drink," I asked?

She smiled and said she would love to.

We headed to a pub that was close by and ordered a couple drinks and got to chatting. We had made small talk at the office, but we had never really talked about ourselves. We got most of the basic chit-chat out of the way such as where we were from and family histories. We were now on our third drink and our conversation started to get a little more interesting. We talked about previous relationships and revealed that neither of us were in one at the moment.

"I'm just pretty happy with having fun right now," snickered Tara.

"Yeah, I hear ya. Relationships can be all fine and dandy, but can get a little boring."

"For sure. Sometimes I just want to....well, you know...fuck," she laughed.

I was quite surprised that she was so blatant, but the alcohol was definitely taking affect. "I know exactly how you feel."

"My last boyfriend was pretty lame. He would get on top of me, pump away for 10 minutes and blow his load. Nothing beyond that."

"Man, that's a shame, and a waste," I added.

"What do you mean, a waste," asked Tara?

"Well, you have a great body, and I could definitely think of a lot of things to do." As I said this my eyes wandered to her tits inadvertently.

Tara definitely noticed and smiled, looking down at her breasts. She then laughed. "You know Jonny, this isn't the first time that I have noticed you staring at my tits. I've caught you looking at them in the cafeteria tons of times. It really turns me on when guys stare at my tits."

"I figured you had seen me checking them out, but I just can't help it. They are so beautiful." My cock was as hard as a pipe.

"So these things you could think of doing with me – I really hope it involves my big titties, Jonny. You have no idea how sensitive they are."

"Oh it definitely involves your tits Tara, and my cock," I laughed.

"Oh god Jonny, I just love getting my titties screwed."

"You have no idea how many times I have fantasized about tit-fucking you Tara. I bet all the guys you go out with want to fuck your big jugs?"

"Not as many as I would like, but there are the ones who would rather screw my tits than my pussy, and that is just fine with me. You know something that I have always wanted to do Jonny? I've always wanted a bunch of guys to take turns fucking my titties. Each one would fuck my boobs for a few minutes and then switch off with the next guy. I would just love for this to go on for hours and hours until they are ready to cum all over me."

"Fuck Tara, that is hot. My friend and I once took turns fucking this babe's titties, and it was one of the hottest experiences of my life. If we can find a few guys now, I'm totally into this."

"Let me make a few calls," smiled Tara as she stared into my eyes.

"Tell them to meet us at my place in an hour," I said. Tara got on her cell phone and started making some calls. By the time she was done, she had rounded up 3 guys to join in our fun. We finished off our drinks and headed to my condo.

By the time we got to my place, the three guys were waiting outside for us already. They must have been excited as I was to get there that quickly. "Four nice hard cocks made just for tit-fucking," said Tara in a nasty voice as she rubbed her tits. We made our way upstairs to my condo.

Once we got upstairs Tara introduced us to each other. Mike was about 6 foot 2 and in pretty good shape. He has a shaved head and had known Tara from high-school. Darren was around 5 foot 8 with longer blonde hair. He met Tara in a club one night and ended up screwing her that night. Sanjay was a 6 foot Indian guy who was in an indie rock band. Tara was at one of their shows and ended up giving him a blow job in the parking lot. She said they didn't have time for a tit-fuck that night, even though she begged him to.

I went and grabbed a chair from the dining room for Tara to sit on. Tara placed her hands on the backrest and bent over, arching her back and shoving her ass into the air. It looked incredible in the hip-huggers she had on. Mike immediately grabbed her ass and started rubbing it. I managed to reach under her and mauled her tits through the tank-top she was wearing. Sanjay was standing in front of Tara and the two of them started to make out. Darren felt a little left out so he started to undress. Tara noticed and told the rest of us to do the same. As the four guys started to get naked, Tara removed her pants as she was still bent over, revealing a nice black thong. She reached around and grabbing her ass, spreading it open for our viewing pleasure. She then began rubbing her pussy through her thong, watching us get undressed. In no time, the four guys were naked with our cocks sticking straight out, ready for action.

Tara removed her thong revealing her neatly trimmed pussy that was nice and moist. She spun around and sat on the chair before pulling her tank-top over her head. Her tits were mashed into a bra, waiting to be freed. "Are you guys ready to see my titties? Your cocks sure look ready for them." Tara was really making us go insane as she moved her eyes from cock to cock, rubbing her big jugs through her bra. "Jerk them off. Show me how much you want to fuck my big titties." The four of us followed her order and started to rub our pricks, staring at the hot slut sitting in front of us, ready for the ultimate tit-fucking gang-bang.

"Mmmm, look at those nice hard cocks, dripping all that nice pre-cum. Are my big titties doing that to you? Is the thought of me wrapping these big, soft tits around your cocks making that happen?" Tara then reached behind her back and undid her bra, letting it fall to her lap. Her tits looked amazing. Her nipples were rock hard on top of her perfect brown areoles. "Who's going first?"

Since she and I had set up this whole party, I stepped forward. "Bring that cock over here Jonny," said Tara before spitting into the valley between her boobs. I took a hold of my dripping prick and started to rub the head all over her nipples, leaving them glistening with my sticky pre-cum.

"Oh yeah baby, make them nice and slippery. Rub that hard cock on my titties." I couldn't believe that I was finally getting the chance to fuck Tara's big tits. I slipped my prick in between her tits allowing her to collapse them around me. The feeling was unbelievable. "Fuck that feels good," moaned Tara.

"Fuck yeah, you don't know how long I have waited for this," I moaned as I began sliding my cock in the slippery tunnel of tit flesh. Tara and I both looked down at my cock sliding between her two meaty globes. She then looked up at me, watching the ecstasy in my eyes as I pounded her boobs. I looked over at the other three guys and they were in a daze, jerking off their cocks while watching Tara take me between her tits.

I started fucking her tits much faster now, slapping my thighs into the bottom of her jugs. My cock slipped out of her cleavage and she quickly took me into her mouth, sucking me off like a pro. "That's it baby, make it nice and wet," I said. Tara then spit on my cock before putting it back between her tits.

"Keep fucking them Jonny. Screw my big titties baby." As I continued to bang her boobs, Tara looked over at Sanjay and told him to get ready. He just smiled as he moved over to Tara's side, letting her take him into her mouth as I tit-fucked her. She then let his cock slip out of her mouth and told Sanjay to get between her boobs now. I gave her tits a couple more hard pumps and then let Sanjay get in there. Sanjay slipped his cock into Tara's tit-tunnel and immediately started screwing them like I just had. His dark skinned cock contrasted nicely with Tara's creamy white tits.

I leaned over and started whispering into Tara's ear. "Is it everything you thought it would be? Having your tits fucked by a group of guys? Having your own big tit gang bang?" Tara didn't answer, but immediately started making out with me, forcing her tongue deep into my mouth. We made out while Sanjay continued pummeling her meat-bags with his drooling boner. Sanjay's cock slipped out of the tit-trap and Tara released me from her mouth lock and took Sanjay into her throat in one swoop. Sanjay held her head and started to fuck her face, driving his cock deeper into her throat with each thrust.

"It's my turn now" said Mike as he made his way over to Tara. Sanjay and I both stepped aside and let Mike get his turn with our tit-fucking slut. He leaned over and started to suck on Tara's tits, coating them further with his saliva before letting her wrap her tits around his prick. Mike started his tit-fucking, sliding his boner between Tara's well-fucked jugs.

"That's it Mikey. Fuck my titties. Fuck them nice and hard just like Jonny and Sanjay did. Is it nice and hot between my titties? Did their cock make it nice and warm in there for you? Pound them baby, screw my titties."

Mike was really fucking her tits, forcing the head of his cock to peak out of the top of Tara's tits. Tara leaned her head down, letting Mike's prick fuck her mouth with each of his thrusts. "That's it Mike, fuck her titties. Give her what she wants. Show her how much of a tit-fucking slut she is," I moaned as I jerked my cock off to the live tittie fuck show. Mike then pulled his cock out of the tit-cavern and told Darren to get in there. 

Darren wasted no time and immediately forced his cock into Tara's cleavage. He had been jerking off the whole time the rest of us took turns screwing Tara's tits, so he was really close to blowing his load. He put his hands on Tara's shoulders and started to fuck her tits with intensity. The slapping sound of his tit-fucking assault filled the room, and was only rivaled by the five of us moaning in pleasure. "Fuck, I'm not gonna last much longer," growled Darren.

"That's it baby, shoot that hot load between my big titties for me. Show me how much you love screwing my big fleshy tits. Give it to me baby. Fuck them. Screw my fucking tits," screamed Tara as she forced her tits together even tighter around Darren's exploding cock. Darren's cock erupted between Tara's jugs, sending a blast of jizz into her cleavage. He pulled his cock out of her cleavage and started jerking it off onto her tits. Tara held them together as Darren emptied his load onto her massive titties. After he was spent, Darren rested his cock on top of Tara's breasts as she rubbed his semen into them. "Damn Darren, that blast felt amazing between my titties." Darren smiled and made his way over to the couch to catch his breath.

"Ok boys, I'm ready for all of your cum now," said Tara as she played with her pussy. "Mmmmm, my cunt is so wet from you guys taking turns tit-fucking me. I've been waiting for this for so long. Each of you guys sliding your dripping boners in my slippery, sweaty cleavage. Who want to fuck them now?" Tara was continuing to rub her cunt with one hand and her cum-covered tits with the other.

Mike assumed the position in front of Tara and slid his cock straight into her tit flesh. Her double-D's were big enough that he could go straight in if she held them correctly. Mike pumped his cock in and out of Tara's tit-flesh as Sanjay and I stood on either side of her, jacking our sensitive boners off. Mike was having a tough time staying between Tara's tits since they were soaked from everyone's pre-cum and spit, Mike's cum, and Tara's sweat.

"Hold them together for me so I can play with my cunt," ordered Tara. Mke complied and held her tits around his cock as Tara moved her hand down to her dripping pussy. It was an amazing site seeing this hot baby playing with her cunt while she got her tits screwed. Her fingers motored in and out of her snatch before she would switch to rocking her clit back and forth.

"Fuck baby, fuck my big tits. Give them your cum," screamed Tara as she brought herself to orgasm after orgasm. Seeing Tara climax, Mike could hold off no longer. His cock erupted cum into Tara's cleavage. The way he was holding her tits, the cum dripped down her stomach towards her pussy. She quickly scooped it up, tasting some of his seed and rubbing the rest onto her jugs. Mike let her tits fall free and rubbed his semi-hard cock all over her tits, giving them an even coat of his juices.

I then moved into position and Tara wrapped her soaking titties around my cock. The heat in her cleavage was fantastic as I pistoned my prick between her luscious globes. I fucked her tits for a few minutes and then tagged Sanjay in, letting him bury his boner in our slut's cleavage. He fucked her tits for a few minutes and we switched off again. We continued doing this, stopping just before we would cum, trying desperately to prolong our experience. Plus we all knew how much Tara liked the idea of guys taking turns fucking her between her tits. It was driving her absolutely insane.

"Fuck yeah, fuck them baby. Take turns fucking my big titties. Screw my sweaty, fleshy titties," screamed Tara. Sanjay finished his turn and I got into her tit-valley once again, and I knew that I was definitely not going to last. My cock was a bundle of nerves from fucking Tara between her tits. I slowly moved my cock up and down between her tits, watching pre-cum ooze out as the head of my cock would peak out of the top of her tits. Tara was also ready for my cum and squeezed her reddening tits around my boner. Sanjay was standing right next to us, jerking his cock off, pointing it at Tara's jugs.

"Fuck guys, I'm gonna fucking blow here," said Sanjay.

"Cum on my tits baby. Spray my titties with your hot cum," moaned Tara as I continued to plough her boobs. My cock was absolutely pummeling her tits and she held her tits wrapped around me. Tara leaned her head back as Sanjay shot his first jet of jizz at her tits, hitting her on the left nipple. Seeing Sanjay starting to paint Tara's titties, I lost it and started to erupt as well. My first shot exploded while my head was well hidden in her cleavage. Tara was in complete bliss.

"Oh fuck yeah, shoot your loads on my titties. Coat them with your sperm." Sanjay's then continued to empty his cock onto Tara's boobs and into her cleavage where my cock was continuing to fuck and erupt my own seed. The heat of his cum increased the temperature between her tits and my cock just continued to unload its juices. Both Sanjay and I were finally spent. Tara still hugged my cock between her tits and Sanjay's cock was now laying on her left tit. She was an absolute mess. Cum covered her neck and face, and her tits were dripping with semen. It was an amazing site. She finally released the tit-clutch she had on me and took my cum-covered prick into her mouth. After sucking my cock clean she moved her attention to Sanjay's, cleaning him off as well. 

I just stepped back to look at the magnificent site before me. There was that cute girl from the cafeteria, with cum dripping from her face and tits. I had finally gotten the chance to slide my cock between her outstanding breasts. And to make things even better, she got to fulfill her fantasy of getting her tits screwed in a gang-bang fashion. "Well, I guess we should get cleaned up," said Darren who was making his way over to my bathroom. As I walked passed Tara, she grabbed me by the cock and whispered into my ear. 

"That was the best tit-fucking experience I have ever had. But I have a couple other holes that could use some of your great cock after these other guys leave." She let go of my cock and headed towards the bathroom.