 The following is a true account of one day in the life of a very, very extraordinary woman, namely myself. The names have been changed to protect the privacy of those involved.

When I suntan, I like to fantasize, sexually fantasize. I lay out in the sun and let the warmth of the sun send trickles of sweat down my breasts and thighs while I close my eyes and think of the hottest sex I can imagine.

One sunny afternoon, following a particularly good fantasy, I decided to make it a reality. I had fantasized about visiting the local adult bookstore and going back to the magazine section and putting on a little show for whomever happened to be browsing. This fantasy got me so hot that I rose up on my elbows and looked to see if anyone was around. No one was, so I laid back down and slipped my hand into my tiny little bikini panties and rubbed my clit until I came. I just couldn't wait until I got back home to plan my adventure.

I decided to visit the adult book store on a Saturday night. They were open until 2am. So, I decided I would visit at midnight. I took a long bath in scented bath oil. I had just the outfit that would make this a night to remember. It was a red leather micro-micro miniskirt with leather lacing up the back to tie as loose or as tight as you wanted, a red and black leather vest with a plunging neckline, and 4 inch black leather boots that came up to my knees. Panties and bra would have to stay home on this little trip to the bookstore. I sprayed perfume on my wrists, between my breasts and thighs and stood back to look at myself in the mirror. I was hot, there was no question.

I stepped into the bookstore preciously at midnight. The clerk did a double take, looking me up and down. He smiled and asked if he could help me find anything. I thanked him, and told him I'd be sure to ask if I couldn't find what I was looking for. I browsed the shelves on my way to the magazine section, which was in the back of the store next to the bathrooms.

It was a large area with racks lining one wall, the facing wall was mirrored. I slowly stepped into this area and found it occupied by several eager readers. Two were young men in their early twenties. The other, an older man with graying hair, was probably in his early fifties. I stepped up to the racks and began browsing. The younger men were quick to engage me in conversation. I picked up a magazine devoted to asses and ass worship. I continued to talk to the men while I looked at the magazine. I found a picture of a man licking a woman's ass. I giggled and showed it to the two young men, "This looks like fun, doesn't it," I said. This quickly brought on more attention from them. One of the guys showed me a picture of a girl giving a blowjob and said, "What do you think of this, honey?"

"Yummy," I said. They were all but on me and so close I could feel their breaths. "You want to come with us to the bar down the street and have a couple of drinks?" they asked. "Sorry, boys, I just want to do some heavy reading tonight, maybe some other time?" I replied. They reluctantly accepted no, asked for my phone number and left. 

The older gentleman had been acting like he hadn't heard a thing. I watched him from the corner of my eye. I decided it was time for my fantasy to go into action. I turned so that my ass was facing this man and I bent over to look at the magazines on the lower rack. "Hmmmm, all these magazines have such young men in it. Sir, sir!" I hollered at the clerk, "Do you have any magazines with older men in it?" The clerk came back and selected a magazine called "Silver Sex" and handed it to me. I thanked him and stood their browsing the pages. I started making little pleasure noises. 

I dropped one of my hands from the magazine and started slowly rubbing my ass. I then turned around facing the gentleman. He was staring at my ass when I did. I continued to read the magazine but moved my hand from my ass to the front of my very, very short skirt. I knew he was watching as I slipped my hand up underneath. I looked up and he was just standing there, staring. He had let the magazine he was looking at drop. I sat my magazine down, he eyes never budged. With my free hand, I lifted my skirt high enough to give him a shot of my fingers playing in my pussy. His hands went to his crotch immediately. I spread my legs slightly and slipped my fingers in and out. He was so cute, just standing there with the biggest bulge. I turned around again and reached back, loosening up the leather lacings of my skirt so that there was about a four inch gap. I knew he could see my naked ass. I looked over my shoulder and had my thoughts confirmed. He was looking at nothing else but my ass; he also was rubbing his crotch. 

Slowly I walked to the bathroom and opened the door, I looked over my shoulder and stared at the man until we made eye contact. When we did, I batted my eyelashes as him and then motioned for him to follow me. He was in the bathroom in an instant and his hands were all over me. He was such a horny guy and he just couldn't get enough of all of me. He dropped to his knees and grabbed me by my ass cheeks and pulled my pussy onto his face. His tongue was dashing in and out of my hairy bush when all of a sudden a knock came on the door. I tried to ignore it and then it got louder. Finally a heard a turn of a key, the door opened and it was the clerk. 

"Well, well, what do we have here? Lewd and lascivious conduct? Maybe I should call the police, or maybe I should just...join in." The clerk smiled while he slipped his pants off. Don't let me bother your pussy action there folks. I can be completely satisfied with what's on the flip side. With that, the clerk slipped behind me and started finger fucking my ass. Between my pussy getting eating and being ass finger fucked, I was about ready to scream with excitement.

The clerk pulled his fingers out of my ass and then slipped a condom on. He leaned over, whispering in my ear "Take this, baby, take all of this." He gently eased his cock into my ass and pumped away. "Oh my god, " I gasped, "Your cock...is so...hot, do me, do me do me..." 

The older gentleman who had been sucking away on my clit was never disturbed by the intruding clerk. He raised up and pulled his dick out of his pants and began masturbating. He jerked off while he was telling me everything he wanted to do to me. In between anal thrusts, I would beg him to tell me more. He would told me he wanted me to suck his dick. "Well then, " I told him, "bring it to me." He stood up in front of me, grabbed me by the shoulders and pulled me down on to his dick. "Suck it, Sweetie, suck it." He ordered me, as the clerk climaxed and slapped my ass. I grasped his cock with my lips and sucked him hard. I slipped my hands around onto his ass and slipped one finger into his rectum. He started rocking his hips harder and harder. The clerk, though finished fucking, reached around and grabbed my breasts, pinching my nipples hard until I cried out. I let go of the older man's dick when I hollered at the same time he came...all over my face. 

I thanked the men for a nice time, cleaned up, and drove off. Wow, this fantasy was more than I would have imagined.