 Thank God, it's Friday. It had been a long time since I had a week this busy, but at least I closed five of my fourteen open cases. It would take a lot to get me off the couch this weekend. Just as I finished packing for the day, the annoying sound of a ringing phone filled the room. "Fuck!" I almost didn't answer it. "Good afternoon, Jonny speaking."

"Hey, Jonny, how's it going?" I didn't recognize the woman's voice.

"I'm fine. Who is this?"

"I figured you wouldn't recognize my voice. I'll give you a hint... Bar exam celebration."

Those three words were all I needed to identify the caller. "Annie Stevens. How's it going?"

"It's going ok. Still fighting crime," she laughed.

"Are you still in Vancouver?"

"I'm actually in Toronto. I have a conference here next week. I'm here with Barbie Bradley." My cock hardened. I knew my weekend plans had changed.

"So you and Barbie are here for the entire week. Man, you're stirring some memories, Annie; and that's not the only thing stirring," I laughed.

"We arrived about a half-hour ago. We were hoping we didn't miss you. We have conference plans tonight, but tomorrow afternoon we're free. Let's meet."

"Sounds great. My place or your hotel?"

"Your place is fine. Barbie and me were talking about our little Bar exam escapades."

"Yeah, we had a lot of fun. Just thinking about it makes me hard." My mind raced, thinking of Annie and Barbie. 

Annie would be twenty-nine. We became good friends during our first year of Law school. I found her attractive, but we never dated. She was a small lady, standing about five foot three inches with shoulder-length dark brown hair. Her body was exquisite with a round ass begging for a fuck. Her tits were small A-cup. Even though we didn't fool around until after Law school, we talked openly about our sex lives. She was a little shy, but revealed she loved giving sloppy blowjobs and loved having an audience.

Her friend Barbara, who everyone called Barbie, was also in our Law class. She was one of the youngest in the class and would be twenty-seven. The name Barbie fit the body. She was about five foot eight inches with straight blonde hair down to the middle of her back. She was extremely fit with a nice tight ass and big, firm tits. I was immediately attracted to her, especially because of her double-D assets. I never fooled around with her either until the night of the Bar exam, but Annie knew I wanted her. Annie knew I loved big tits and always teased me about wanting Barbie.

"We definitely worked up a sweat that night," answered Annie. "I loved how Barbie sat on the couch and watched you fuck me for the first half-hour. You drilled my pussy."

"Yeah, you sure know how to perform for an audience, Annie. Do you still like having an audience?"

"Definitely. If I hadn't become a lawyer, I'd be a porn star," laughed Annie. "What about you? Do you still like big tits?"

"Affirmative. I love them more now than I did in Law school," I laughed.

"Remember how you screwed Barbie's tits. You couldn't get enough of her big tits."

"Fuck, they are amazing. Annie, I'm about to explode over here."

"Watching you fuck her tits made me wish you had fucked mine, but my little A-cuppers wouldn't cut it," giggled Annie. "Anyway, we're meeting people for dinner in a few minutes."

"Ok, you guys have fun tonight, but not too much fun," I kidded.

"Ok, we'll see you tomorrow. Jonny, I have a surprise for you, but you'll have to wait until tomorrow. See ya." Annie hung up and all I could think about was the fun the three of us would have tomorrow. My cock throbbed and needed relief.

I finally arrived home at about seven o'clock. Friday traffic is horrendous. My throbbing cock wouldn't wait, so I pulled down my pants and sat on the couch. It wouldn't take long to cum. I slowly rubbed the pre-cum on my shaft, making it nice and slick. I jerked my cock, thinking of Barbie and Annie and me, the night of the Bar exam. My cock in their mouths, in their cunts, in their asses, watching them eat each other's pussies, watching the lust on Annie's face as I pounded her best friend's big, meaty tits. Fuck, I was so close.

"Damn. I wish I didn't have to waste this load," I muttered. "Hey, maybe Kristy is working tonight." I grabbed the phone and called the pizza place. Kristy was a delivery girl for the pizza place I liked best. Every time she delivered to me, I always tipped her with my cock. I called and asked if Kristy was working tonight. Yes! She was. My cock would wait another thirty minutes.

The buzzer rang. I unlocked the door and saw Kristy in all her slutty splendor. The nineteen-year-old wore a tight black t-shirt that snuggly fit her big tits and a pair of white low-riding sweatpants. A white thong was clearly visible above the top of the pants. Her shoulder-length red hair was in pigtails and looked damn good. "Your pie is here," she said in a slutty, little girl voice. "But we're out of salami."

"Don't worry. I have my own salami. Maybe you can help me with it," I said as I closed the door behind her. Kristy put the pizza box on the counter and I immediately pushed her against the wall, kissing her open mouth. Our tongues played, as I held her hands above her head against the wall.

"It's been a while since you ordered a pizza," moaned Kristy as I bit her tits through her shirt. I spun her, still holding her against the wall. She offered her ass, her chest pressed against the wall. Her big tits pushed the sides of her shirt outwards. I kneeled behind her and put my face into her ass, pulling off her sweats to reveal her thong. "God, my cunt is so wet." I pulled down her thong, letting her kick it aside. I returned to her ass and spread her cheeks, revealing her shaved snatch and pink little asshole. I forced two fingers into her pussy, making her squeal with pleasure.

While I fingered her cunt, I forced my tongue into her asshole. "Oh yeah, eat my asshole." She must have been very horny, because it didn't take long to make her cum. "Fuck my cunt." I stood and dropped my pants, revealing my rock-hard prick. The pre-cum flowed; I stood on the edge of an orgasm only a half hour ago. I slid into Kristy's pussy in one easy stroke. She arched her back and offered her ass to my assault. "Fuck me hard," moaned Kristy as I pounded her cunt. "Your cock feels good. Fuck it hard. Make me cum!"

I wouldn't last long. I pulled my cock out of her and drove into her pussy. I thrust a few more times and we exploded in orgasm. My cock shot spurted into Kristy's well-fucked cunt as she squealed in orgasm. "Holy fuck, Kristy. That was hot," I moaned as I slowly worked my prick out of her pussy.

Kristy spun and took me into her hot mouth, cleaning my cock. "We taste so good together," she said in between sucks. She stood and dressed. "I have another delivery," she said before giving me a kiss and heading out the door. I stood with my cock slowly deflating and glistening in the light.

"Well, that should keep me happy until tomorrow," I laughed.

I could barely sleep last night, thinking of what was in store for me today. The buzzer rang at about 1:30. I went to the door and opened it. Barbie was in front looking as hot as ever. Her blonde hair was a little shorter than I remembered, but still looked great. She wore a pink tracksuit. The top's zipper halfway down revealed a white bra struggling to contain her big tits. "Hey, Jonny," was all she said before planting a big wet kiss on me. Her hand went straight to my cock and squeezed.

She let go and I looked at the door. Annie wore a white tank top and Capri pants. She looked the same as I remembered. Her dark brown hair was in a ponytail and her ass was as round as ever. However, there was one huge difference. Her tits spilled from her tight tank top. "Surprise," laughed Annie. I could only imagine the look on my face as I stared at Annie's big tits. "You like?" She asked.

"Holy fuck, Annie! I love them," I exclaimed. I squeezed her big, firm tits as Annie moved her hand to my crotch. "These are amazing. When did you get them?"

"About three months ago," she said, pushing her tits together. The sight was outstanding. "They're exactly what you like – double-D."

"So, is having your tits fucked as much fun as you expected?" I asked.

"I don't know. I haven't got them fucked yet," answered Annie with a sinister grin.

"Not yet? That's why you got them, isn't it," I laughed.

"Oh, it definitely is, but I wanted you to be the first to fuck them." My cock became the hardest it had ever been when Annie said that. "Do you know how many guys have wanted to fuck my tits since I got them?"

"I can only imagine," I grinned.

"I wanted to let them fuck my tits, but I wanted you to be the first." In my ear, Annie whispered, "I want you to fuck my virgin tits, Jonny." I almost creamed my pants. I kissed Annie aggressively, driving my tongue deep into her mouth. As we kissed, Barbie came to us, put one hand on my crotch and the other on Annie's pussy. I kissed Barbie as she rubbed my prick. Annie squeezed Barbie's double-Ds. Barbie kissed Annie and ensured I saw their tongues intertwine. The three of us squirmed with lust as we kissed and fondled each other.

"I need to feel it between my tits," said Annie as she pulled away from us. Barbie made her way to the couch and sat down, ready for the live tit-fuck show about to begin. Annie removed her shorts revealing her drooling pussy. The lips were shaven clean with a little tuft of hair above her cunny.

"Get on your knees," I said as I removed my pants. Annie knelt in front of me, naked from the waist down. Her big tits stretched the tank top she wore. Her hard nipples tried desperately to poke through the front. She was obviously not wearing a bra. Naked, I stood in front of Annie. I took my cock in my hand and slapped Annie's tits through her shirt. 

"Oh yes, Jonny. Spank my bad, dirty tits," moaned Annie as she fingered her pussy. "Spit into my cleavage. Make them nice and slick so you can pound them." I squeezed her tits together and spat into her cleavage. On target, it oozed into her cavernous cleavage. With my cock, I rubbed the saliva on her jugs, making them slippery for my upcoming tit fuck. "Jonny, screw my virgin tits," she begged. She wrapped her tits around my cock with such force that more pre-cum oozed. The sensation was fabulous as my pole glided between her slippery jugs. Annie's eyes never left the action, watching every stroke. Barbie watched the show. She worked her tits with one hand; the other in her pants fingered her steamy snatch. I wished her pants were off so I could see it going in and out.

"Oh God, Jonny. Fuck them hard and fast," moaned Annie as she took her first tit-fuck. I increased the pace and pounded her jugs. My thighs slapped the bottom of her boobs and my balls dragged against her stomach. I went so fast, my cock slipped from between her tit-clutch. I sucked her tits, coating them with as much spit as possible. I tasted my pre-cum that collected in her cleavage. The saltiness of my juice made my mouth water and I coated her jugs with even more saliva. I returned to kissing Annie for a moment. "Put it back. Fuck my tits and cum between them."

Annie took my cock quickly into her mouth and worked saliva onto my prick. She was still on her knees, but leaning back on her hands. I placed my boner between her soaking tits; my hands wrapped her jugs around my cock. Her tit flesh enveloped my prick and I began fucking them again. "That's it, Annie. You like getting your tits screwed?"

"Oh yeah. Fuck them. Slide your big cock in my cleavage. Fuck, I'm cumming," screamed Annie as my cock caused her first tit-fucking orgasm. 

Seeing her cum by having my cock thrusting in her tit-trap threw me over the edge as well. "Fuck, Annie, I'm cumming," I bellowed.

"Oh yeah, Jonny, cum between her big tits," moaned Barbie, who had her top off, but still wore her bra. She also had her pants off. She pulled aside her panties and forced two fingers into her pink cunt. Looking at Barbie, I squeezed Annie's jugs around my cock and thrust into her cleavage. My cock shot a jet of jizz into her soft tit flesh. As my thrust pushed the head of my cock out the top of her cleavage, another explosion sent a strand of steaming cum onto Annie's neck, leaving a nice pearl necklace. I continued fucking her tits and depositing my load in her cleavage, neck, and face. After about ten bursts of cum, my cock was spent. I left it resting in Annie's cleavage.

"Holy fuck, Jonny. That was one of the hottest things I've ever experienced," moaned Annie. She removed my cock from her tit-flesh. My semen dripped from her tits, neck, and face. "Why don't you come clean my tits," said Annie, motioning Barbie. Barbie crawled to us and lapped at Annie's dripping tits. She took my slippery cock into her mouth, cleaning it as well.

"I love the taste of fresh cum, especially off a nice set of freshly fucked tits," grinned Barbie. "After watching you fuck her tits, I need it between mine too," said Barbie.

"Oh don't worry, I'll definitely pound your tits; but let's get my cock hard again. As I worked my cock, Annie and Barbie, still kneeling in front of me, began making out. Annie removed Barbie's bra, letting her fleshy tits burst from their confinement. Annie's hands worked Barbie's tits like fresh dough. The show was exciting and my cock regained its composure. The girls saw my cock was semi-hard and focused their attention on my rod. As Annie sucked her tits, Barbie cocked her head to the side so she could take my prick into her mouth. She began by sucking my cockhead. She sucked so hard; I thought she would suck out my innards. She took more and more of my semi-hard prick into her throat. I placed my hands on Barbie's head as she swallowed my sword. She played with her slutty cunt as she sucked my prick. Annie sucked her tits but positioned herself so she could take me into her mouth. In one stroke, my cock disappeared into her throat. Barbie slid the hand fingering her cunt into her mouth and sucked her juicy fingers. "I taste so good," she said putting her fingers into her pussy again. She removed them and slid them into my mouth, letting me suck her cum-covered fingers.

"You do taste good you little slut," I said. I fucked Annie's mouth, as she fingered her cunt. "I bet your cunts are ready for some nice hard cock," realizing I was completely hard. Barbie laid on her stomach, her big tits squishing into the floor. She raised her ass slightly, revealing her asshole and shaved snatch to Annie and me by moving her thong to one side. Annie drove her tongue into Barbie's puffy pussy.

"Oh yeah, Annie, eat my dripping cunt. Get it nice and hot for Jonny's hard cock," cooed Barbie spreading her ass cheeks apart. "Kiss Jonny, let him taste my cunt," commanded Barbie. Annie forced her tongue into my mouth, letting me taste Barbie's cunt. Barbie's juices covered her lips and she smeared them on my mouth as well.

"Eat her asshole. Taste her ass, Annie," I ordered. Annie returned to Barbie's spread cheeks and forced her tongue onto her puckered anus. The sight of Annie eating Barbie's tight ass drove me mad. I still jerked my cock, keeping it nice and hard for the girls. I told Annie to move aside. She did and I positioned over Barbie's ass, easing my prick into her waiting pussy.

"Fuck it. Fuck my tight little cunt. Fuck it nice and hard," screamed Barbie as I pumped her whore-cunt. Annie had her face right in the action, watching my cock piston into the blonde's cunt. Barbie enthusiastically bucked her ass as I thrust forward. Now on her hands and knees, she took my cock deep into her pussy. She spun around and looked at Annie and I. "I want to taste it," and she swallowed my cock, getting the same taste that Annie had earlier. I grabbed Barbie's head. She was on all fours facing me and I began fucking her face. She positioned her head so that my cock could easily slide down her throat with each thrust.

I moved to the couch and sat on the edge with my legs spread wide, my cock sticking straight into the air. "Come ride this prick," I said to Annie. She came to me and turned away from me, lowering her cunt onto my cock. Using one hand, she spread her pussy lips, letting Barbie see my cock slip into her cunt. Her pussy felt so tight around my fat cock. She slowly eased down onto my cock and rode it. Both hands moved to her big tits and squeezed them together as she bounced on my cock.

"Ride his big cock. Slam your cunt down on his hard cock," commanded Barbie who bobbed her head in rhythm to the action. She positioned under Annie and me, so she could lick my balls and Annie's clit. Annie bounced on my cock, taking me deep into her pussy. My cock slipped from her cunt and Barbie took me into her mouth. She sucked my freshly fucked cock for a while before Annie begged for it in her cunt again. Barbie played with her pussy as she licked my cock while it slid in and out of the brunette's pink pussy. "God, I love tasting your cock as it fucks Annie's tight cunt. The smell of her cunt is intoxicating." My cock slipped from Annie's cunt again and Barbie stuck her tongue quickly into Annie's gaping pussy, feeling it collapse around her tongue. My cock was soaked with the two girl's cunt juice. Annie slid up my stomach a bit to make room for Barbie.

"Barbie, jerk him with your tits. Wrap your big soft boobs around his prick and jerk him. It's so nice and wet with our cunt juice." With that, Barbie, who knelt at the base of the couch, moved her tits to my waiting cock. She trapped it between her sweaty tits and moved her body up and down, causing my cock to fuck her cleavage. "I forgot how good your cock felt between my big meaty tits, Jonny."

"Fuck yeah, Barbie, jerk my cock between your nice, big tits," I moaned as she continued fucking me with her tits. Annie still straddled my stomach and played with her cunt as she watched her friend jerk me with her boobs. I moved my hand to Annie's ass and played with her puckered asshole. "Fuck, your ass is looking good," I said as I slowly worked a finger into it.

"God, Jonny, fingerfuck my ass. Get it ready for your cock. Remember how you fucked my ass so hard that night. You stretched my ass so wide. I felt opened for days and it reminded me what you did to me." I had my entire index finger deep in Annie's ass. I removed it and sucked it, making it nice and slippery with my saliva. I returned to her ass and continued fingering it.

Barbie bounced up and down, fucking me with her jugs. Her tits felt amazing wrapped around my boner. She released my cock from her tits and rubbed it on them. My cock leaked pre-cum and she coated her boobs with my lubricant. "Rub my head on your nipples," I said. Barbie did as I said and rubbed the head of my cock over her hard nipples. Barbie tried to force one of her nipples into the opening of my cock. It felt so good.

Annie, whose ass was nice and loose, moved her head down to Barbie's big jugs and sucked them. "Your tits smell like my cunt. The smell of cunt makes me so horny," said Annie as I continued driving my finger into her ass. "I want you in my ass."

Annie moved to the couch, her hands on the back and knees on the cushions with her ass facing the edge. She reached around and spread her ass cheeks, showing me her loosened asshole. My mouth went to her ass and lapped at her slightly gaping asshole. "I'm going to fuck your ass so good," I moaned as I placed my cock at the opening of her backdoor. I slowly pushed my prick into her ass, giving her time to become accustomed to the anal assault. She pushed on my cock, helping me enter her bowels. "God your asshole is so tight." Annie's round ass looked amazing, pushed outward, with her back arched. I was able to force my entire length into her asshole. I let it sit for a moment and pulled out completely. Her asshole gaped and I licked her where I just had my dripping cock. I returned and drove my cock back into Annie's ass. Barbie positioned herself with the back of her head against the front of the couch, between my legs, and directly under Annie's cunt and ass. She had a great view of my cock driving deep. Annie bucked her ass back as I thrust forward, determined to get me as deep into her ass as possible. 
