 The strangest thing happened to my wife and me last summer.

We were traveling from our home in Pennsylvania, back to her parent's house in Texas. I don't like to fly, and neither does Connie, so instead, we rented a really nice car- a white Cadillac convertible- and we both took a week off from our jobs and decided to make the trip that way instead of by plane.

I used to do a lot of road-tripping before we were married. When I was in college, every summer, me and a couple of friends would take off, usually in May or June, for a week or two, and just travel. I had been out west as far as Oregon, and up to Maine and Nova Scotia in Canada. Over the past five years, I have settled down into a normal, mundane life, of marriage, taxes, and work, and before we took this trip, I hadn't even been outside of PA or NJ in two years. So when my wife suggested we drive, I was excited about the idea. I planned out a slower, more scenic route- it would take a little over three days, as opposed to two- but we had two weeks off, and I wanted to make the most of it.

Not only that, but after three years of marriage, I decided it was time for a second honeymoon of sorts. We don't have any children, but even so, I am an accountant and Connie is a registered nurse, so with our careers, time together is awful scarce. The best way to keep a relationship alive is simply to spend time together.

I considered myself lucky to get Connie in the first place.

While I am not a bad looking man- six feet tall, one-sixty, with dark brown hair and brown eyes- I am not spectacular, either. And although I am financially successful now, when I met Connie I was just a poor college student at Penn State who didn't even own a car. I was working my way through college at a barrel factory, third shift, and that didn't leave much time for socializing.

Connie, on the other hand, is gorgeous. Five foot six, she has naturally strawberry blonde hair, green eyes, and a figure to die for. She is not thin, but instead, she is thick, in all the right places, a country girl type of build. She has large, 36DD breasts, a slim waist, and wide hips, with a wonderfully round, full ass. That was the first thing I noticed about her- that wonderful ass of hers. Shy and soft-spoken at first, after she gets to know you, her natural Texan nature comes out, loud, funny, and strong. And you ought to see the way she looks in her little white nurses outfit. When I met her, she was coming back to campus from the hospital, and she looked, simply, hot. 

Connie also loves sex. Usually, a woman this attractive isn't as good in bed as an average looking woman, but she is. When we first met, she was kind of chaste, and I expected her to be a bit of a cold fish. However, on our third date, she surprised me by unzipping my fly, and proceeding to suck my cock in the drive through at Taco Bell. Connie loves to suck cock, and she loves it when I fuck her asshole, while shoving my fingers in her pussy. She was not a virgin when I met her, but she has never mentioned her prior sex life, either, which was fine by me. I just wish I could shake the hand of the man that broke her in so well. 

To get back to the story, we left home at about five AM, and that evening, we were somewhere in western Kentucky, near the border with Tennessee, when we decided it was time to stop for the evening. 

It was a very small town- driving through it, I saw that it consisted of a typical southern square, with various shops, however, most were obviously closed for good. As it was seven o'clock, and getting late, there wasn't anyone on the street, and only a handful of vehicles passed us either.

"Doesn't look like much is happening here," I observed, as we made our way down Main Street, past a boarded-up general store and the requisite Civil War monument, that every Southern town seems to have on it's square. 

"Well, maybe there is some place up the road a little," she said, "Because I would like to stop for the evening."

Just outside of town, about a mile past, I saw a small motel. One of the old-fashioned kind, single level, a dozen rooms with separate entrances, and a sign that said, "Traveler's Rest Inn". The vacancy sign wasn't lit, and almost every room had a vehicle in front of it. How a town this small could have so many tourists was beyond me- this was the highest concentration of people I'd seen for the past hour or so.

"Let's stop here," Connie said, flashing me those green eyes. 

"They look full," I observed, drinking some more stale coffee out of my travel thermos. Uck. It was purchased back in Louisville, three hours ago, and tasted like shit.

"Well, it's worth a shot," she said, "I really want to turn in for the night. We've been driving over thirteen hours."

Actually, I'd done all the driving, but that was beside the point. So I turned our Cadillac into the gravel parking lot, past the beat-up Fords and Chevys and pickup trucks, and parked in front of the first room, that said "Office" on the door. Getting out, I said, "I'll see what they have," and I walked into the office.

Opening the door, I saw that the little room was crowded. A fly strip hung from the wall, the old black-and-white set in the corner emitted a low buzzing sound, and a small calendar said "1999". Great. How much more country can you get, except for the small bell, and the little sign that read, "Ring for service." I rang the sign and waited.

The back door to the office opened, and a woman walked in.

She was definitely attractive. Five foot nine, long auburn hair, and glasses, she was wearing a lime-green bikini top that showed off her breasts, medium sized and firm, her skin the color of milk. Around her slight frame she wore a matching skirt, and sandals. She was probably about forty, maybe a little older, but still very good looking. I have a thing for older women. Although I

am 27, and Connie is 26, usually I preferred women between 35 and 40 before I met Connie, so I was definitely checking her out. She smiled at me, and said, "Are you here for a room, hon?"

"Yes," I said.

"Well, I'm sorry," she said, "Our three nightly rooms are all full right now, and the rest of the rooms are by the month, and they are full, too."

"How much further on is the next town?"

"About thirty miles south-east, right over yonder in Tennessee," she said, "Or, if you want to go north of here, there's a motel about twenty miles more that way."

"Shit," I said, not meaning to swear- up north, that's one thing, but down south, people didn't take kindly to that- "Me and my wife have been traveling all day, and we are tired. You sure there isn't anything closer?"

"No," she said, "Where are you traveling from? Your from up North, ain't you?"

"Well, I am," I said, "Although Connie's from Texas… We're coming down from Pennsylvania, to see her folks…"

"How long a drive is that?"

"Two days, but we're taking the scenic route, so maybe three or four," I said. 

"Why didn't you fly?"

"Never trusted planes," I said, "At least in a car accident, they have something to bury, right?"

She laughed at my bad joke, and I was about to make my leave, when she said, "If you want, I can put you and your wife up in my house for the night. I feel bad putting someone out when they've been driving all day."

"Thanks," I said, "Let me go tell Connie."

When I went back to the car, I saw Connie was engaged in conversation with a tall man. He was about six-four, six-five, muscular, and dressed in a pair of Wranglers, with a can of Bush in his left hand, a Marlboro burning in his right, and a John Deere cap on his head. Connie is friendly, when people are nice, and the fact she was talking to him didn't bother me. When I came up, Connie said, "Jeb, this my husband Gary."

Sticking out my hand, I said, "How's it going?"

"Not bad," Jeb said, flicking his smoke. "I saw you were from Pennsylvania. I lived up there for about five years, outside of Pittsburgh, till US Steel went out, in 80 I think it was."

Jeb could have been anywhere from thirty to fifty, but when he said, I guessed close to fifty. "Yeah, it's real bad now around there. No work. So what do you do now?"

"Me and my wife, Amber, run this here motel," he said. "It ain't gonna make us rich, but we do."

Jeb was more than happy to have us stay over at his house. I saw him eyeing Connie, but I didn't complain; after all, I had been checking out his wife, too. So we drove up a narrow driveway to there house. It was a small country home- a four-room bungalow, with a shaded porch, and an above-ground pool. The women went in the kitchen to make supper- they were becoming fast friends- and me and Jeb sat out front, drinking beer and talking about Pennsylvania. Jeb's son lived outside of Philadelphia, but he hadn't been up there in about ten years.

After a dinner of fried chicken, cornbread, and black eyes peas, I was feeling pretty decent. It was nice to meet new people like this, and country folks always have great stories. About eleven o'clock, Jeb said he was turning in, and soon Amber went to join him, after pulling out an air mattress for me and Connie to sleep on. They were nice people.

We stripped down to our underwear- it was hot, even in May- and me and my wife settled onto the mattress, on the living room floor. After a few minutes of brief conversation, and trying to get comfortable, I felt Connie's hand slipping inside my shorts, and grabbing my cock.

"I don't think we should," I said, "They'll probably hear us."

"Shh," Connie said, "Not if we're quiet."

I still didn't think it was a good idea. Although Amber and Jeb might be nice people, they were still strangers, and I didn't want to offend them in there own home. However, Connie will not be denied when she wants it, and before I could protest, she had slid down my shorts, and had taken my cock into her mouth, stroking the base as she licked around the head. She soon had me all the way in, and was deep-throating me as she stroked my balls. God, she loves sucking my cock.

After she had sucked my cock for a few minutes, she said, "My turn," and she stood up, sliding down her panties, and taking off her bra. Sitting on the small couch, she lifted one leg up, and I knew she wanted me to eat her sweet pussy. I was on fire now, and I could not resist. I dove in like a champ, licking her sweet twat as my fingers stroked her breasts, getting her nipples hard. She soon was moaning, her hand clutching my head, pulling me into her. 

She was on fire now, and I was busily licking and slurping up her juices, sucking on her clit. She came on my tongue twice, and I sucked up every drop. I didn't realize that the lights had been turned on, and that we had company, until she said, "Gary, Gary…"

Looking behind me, I saw a very surprised Amber and Jeb. What was even more surprising, was that Amber and Jeb had not only seen us, they had been turned on by us. Jeb was standing there, watching attentively, his own shorts dropped to his feet, his own rock-hard cock jutting out before him like a flagpole. He was huge, at least nine inches, much more than my own respectable eight inches, and unlike me, uncircumcised. I had seen other men's pricks before, but never one this large, and I was surprised. He was stroking it with his hand, as his eyes looked over my wife, and he said, "You can keep on eating her pussy, Gary."

Amber was standing beside him, and she was half-naked- she wore only panties, white cotton panties, her breasts free for all to see, with their large, red nipples, and areola- she had a hand down her panties, and she was busy playing with herself as well. She was gorgeous- her body was tight and toned, hardly a line on her flat stomach and abs, or her shapely legs. 

I didn't know what to make of it, and either did Connie. This was the weirdest situation I had ever been in. Here I was, eating out my wife in front of two strangers, in there home, and they were enjoying the show. I was speechless. 

Amber said, "Jeb, I think they are newbies. Should I show them what we do for fun?"

"Yes, honey," he said, "Go on."

Amber looked me in the eye, and she walked over to me, where I was between my wife's legs, my face now between the two women's pussies, the smell of Amber's wetness strong in my nose, and she leaned over, and kissed my wife, right on the lips. Connie was shocked too, but I was shocked to see her close her eyes, and open her ruby red lips, letting Amber's tongue slip into her mouth. What the fuck?

The two women began to kiss passionately, and as they did, Amber's hand slid her panties down, showing me her bald pussy, the moist, red lips and inch from my tongue. I could not resist- I spread her with my fingers, touching another woman for the first time in six years, and I dove in, my tongue licking around her little clit. She tasted sweet, like cherries, and I lapped hungrily, like a kitten at a long-denied bowl of milk, my hand caressing her little firm backside, a finger sliding into her asshole. I loved this strange tasting cunt, and I could not get enough. 

As I ate out Amber, I saw that her and my wife were still busy kissing and playing with each others tits, taking turns sucking each others nipples, my wife's small nipples hard as thimbles. Then, turning my attention back to Amber's pussy, I saw that Jeb had decided to jump in. He had slid the head of his big cock into her asshole, his strong arms clutching her midsection, and it was literally an inch from my nose, almost in my face, his balls like two round globes of meat, right in front of me.

"Lick my pussy," Amber pleaded as he fucked her, slow and deep, "Lick me as he fucks me, please."

I ate her pussy as her husband fucked her ass, his balls rubbing my nose, not thinking. It was such a turn on, his cock pistoning out of her as my tongue licked her, and soon she came, squirting a load of girl ejaculate onto my face. I'd only seen that in porn, and I was surprised. 

Suddenly, he pulled out of his wife, and his cockhead was in my face, the angry eye staring at me, red and shining. I'd never seen a penis that close up. It was a huge beast. His wife pushed my head with the back of her hand, and before I could resist, he had slid into my still-open mouth, the taste of his wife on his muscle.

I was disturbed- a man's cock was in my mouth!- but not enough to resist. Instinctively, I opened further, taking him in, sucking his cock. Amber stepped over me, and out of the corner of my eye, they watched me suck Jeb's cock. At first, I was shy, but soon, my tongue was licking around his head, exploring him. He was so hard, so hard in comparison to pussy, and I enjoyed it, the power I was having over him. He clutched my head, making me suck more of him in my mouth, encouraging me, and I obliged. After a moment or two, he pulled out, and said, "Fuck my wife."

Amber was down on all fours, kneeling before Connie, eating her pussy, Connie's eyes closed in pleasure. I grabbed hold of her ass, and I clutched her firm little but as I slid into her pussy from behind, it easily accepting my full length. I began to fuck this strange woman hard and fast, spurred on, as she ate my wife's cunt.

I was soon about to cum, but I wanted to hold it in, so I pulled out of her, and Amber said, "Let's move into the bedroom."

We all entered their bedroom, and although it was small, there was a huge king size bed in the middle of it. Connie climbed up on the bed, and eyeing Jeb's cock, said, "Fuck me," and he climbed into the saddle. I watched his large, hard cock enter my wife, as his arms pulled her close to him, and he began to pound her pussy with a passion. The sight before me was enough to excite me even more, and I was stroking my cock, watching him fuck her.

Amber knelt before me and took me in her mouth. This woman definitely knew how to suck cock. She deep throated me, easily swallowing my man-meat, her tongue prodding the prick-hole, as her hands stroked my balls, and it was not long before I could not hold it in any longer. I came, hard and heavy, filling her mouth with my cum, as she swallowed every drop.

Jeb, meanwhile, was getting ready to cum inside my wife, groaning, as he pounded her pussy. He soon shot his load deep inside of her, filling her up, and then he pulled out. We were both spent for the moment, but that didn't keep the women from having fun.

Amber crawled on top of my wife in the sixty-nine position, and I watched as my wife began to lick the older woman's pussy, as Amber ate her husband's cum out of my wife. They licked and sucked each other to multiple orgasms, as Jeb knelt before me, and took me in his mouth.

I had never had a man suck my cock, but after sucking his cock, I was more than ready for him to return the favor. He was an expert cocksucker, licking and sucking my organ like I'd never felt before, stroking my balls as I quickly rose to hardness, deep-throating me with no difficulty. Once I was hard again, he pulled his lips off of me, and said, "Let's double penetrate my wife."

Jeb lay down, his massive tool jutting upwards proudly, and Amber slid on top of him, moaning as her pussy stretched around his huge wand. I spread her cheeks with my hand, and slid into her puckered asshole. I had never been involved in a double penetration, but it was amazing. Amber moaned as we began to form a rhythm, my cock slipping in as she rode Jeb's cock, the heat from his member clear thru the thin wall of her flesh separating us. She came first, followed be me, dribbling the rest of my cum into her ass, as Jeb pushed his self into her a few more strokes, and then we disentangled. I pulled out, and Amber climbed off. 

Jeb sat there, massive tool slick from the juices of his wife's cunt, stroking it with his hand. Amber said, "Why don't you share his cum?", and I glanced at my wife, who smiled. She lay on his right, I lay on his left, as the man stroked that massive cock between our two heads. Connie smiled at me- bet she never thought that she'd find a cock between our faces, and began licking his balls, as I waited for the shower.

"I'm cumming," he said, and he squirted a massive dollop of cream that landed on my wife's face. She kissed me on the lips, and I tasted that salty taste for the first time in my life. 

After this, they retired to their bedroom, and me and my wife lay down in the living room.

It was like nothing I had ever experienced. I had done something I would have never imagined- not only did we have sex with another couple, but I had just had my first bisexual experience. As we lay down and went to sleep, my wife quickly closing her eyes, I thought it over. My wife had never said that she had been with a woman before, but after tonight, I was convinced that she had been. The way she had reacted to Amber's advances without surprise or complaint, the way it had all seemed so natural to her, there was no way that this had been her first time. This left me wondering what other secrets remained to be discovered.

*This document may not be reproduced or sold without permission of the author; those interested in doing such may contact me through this site or email.