 “Well, you’re right, there is shit on TV”, said Shannon as she cycled through the TV channels with the remote control.

“Yeah, it’s hard to believe that with over 100 channels, there still is nothing ever to watch”, I laughed.

It was just the 3 of us sitting on the couch, trying to find something to do. The weather outside was an outrageous 35 degrees Celsius, plus the humidity was making it impossible to do anything. 

I guess I should let you know who the 3 of us actually are. Shannon was a friend of mine. We had met during university, and have been friends ever since. She stands about 5 foot 7, and is quite slender, except for her large chest. I’d imagine that her tits were at least a D-cup, if not bigger. Many a time I caught myself staring at her chest, fantasizing of getting it on with her. However, nothing had ever happened between the two of us. Shannon’s hair is cut shoulder length, straight, and blonde. She was currently wearing a white tank-top that accentuated her massive tits, and a pair of tight shorts.

My buddy is Tim, and he has been a friend of mine since college as well. He is about 6 feet tall and has short brown hair. He takes care of himself, and has no problems finding women. Between the 2 of us, we had always talked about fucking Shannon, but he too had never taken it past that.

Then there is me, Jonny Cakes. I too am 6 feet tall, and have short black hair. I’m a lawyer in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

As Shannon continued flipping through the channels, she came to the Pamela Anderson series, ‘VIP’.

“Hey, stop there, let’s watch this”, exclaimed Tim.

Shannon took Tim’s cue and left the clicker alone. “Man you guys, this show is so bad. I can’t believe anyone actually watches this. And the ones who do, it’s a pretty safe bet to guess why they watch it”, laughed Shannon.

“Yeah, Pamela does have some assets”, I said.

“Oh man, I could definitely have some fun with her”, said Tim with a grin.

Shannon looked at Tim and laughed. “Oh I bet you could. I bet you could do some nasty things with those big tits of hers.”

“I definitely could think of some things to do with them”, I said, trying to get into the conversation.

“Well, couldn’t you do those things with mine? In case you haven’t noticed, they are pretty big too”, smirked Shannon as she put both hands on either side of her breasts and squeezed them together.

“I definitely could have fun with your tits, Shan. And you know, I bet you know how to use them too?”

“Oh I can. I haven’t had any complaints”, said Shannon.

Tim and I looked at each other, and couldn’t believe the conversation we were having with our buddy Shannon. Maybe it was the heat or something, but things were definitely getting ‘hot’. Shannon saw the two of us looking at each other, and said, “What, you guys don’t think I know how you look at my chest? You’re no different than any other guys out there.”

Shannon, who was sitting between the two of us, reached over and put her hands on both of our crotches. “Mmmmm, it seems you guys are getting a little excited. Do my titties do that to your cocks?”

I couldn’t believe what was going on, but there was no way I wasn’t taking advantage of the situation. “Oh you wouldn’t believe what your tits do to me. Do you know how many times I have jerked off thinking about your big tits”, I said, as she continued rubbing my prick through my pants?

“Oh Jonny, what do you think of while you jerk that cock off? Tell me what you want to do to me”.

“Oh Shannon. I’ve wanted to fuck your tits since I first laid eyes on you.

“Oh Jonny, you’re making my pussy so wet. What about you Tim? Do you think of me like that too? Do you want to do these things to me too?”

“Fuck Shannon, I can’t stop thinking of your tits most nights. Are you gonna let Jonny and I fuck your tits”, moaned Tim?

“I’m gonna let you guys do whatever you want to me. I want you to use my whole body to get you guys off? Shannon continued to rub our cocks. I reached over and put a hand on her tits and started rubbing them through her tank-top. She started to moan, and started to rub our pricks even harder. “Christ, you guys have to take your cocks out now, or I’m gonna explode.”

Tim and I both stood up and started stripping off our clothes. Both our cocks were sticking straight out into our underwear, and leaving the fabric quite moist from our precum. As we were taking off our clothes, Shannon removed her shorts to reveal her black thong that she was wearing. There was a small sitting stool in the corner of the room and Tim grabbed it and told Shannon to sit on it. She got up from the couch and sat on the stool, spreading her legs wide open. Fuck she looked hot with her legs wide open, and her big tits almost bursting out of her tank-top.

Tim and I finally removed our underwear and our cocks sprung free. We were both about 7 inches long. My cock was shaved clean, and Tim had everything but a little bit above his shaft shaven.

“Mmmmmm. Those things look yummy. Bring them over here so I can taste them”, moaned Shannon as she rubbed her pussy through her thong.

She took both our cocks in her hands again and started jerking them off slowly, squeezing more precum from the tip. She leaned her head towards mine and licked the tip, tasting my salty lubricant. She then moved her head towards Tim’s, and did the same thing. As she did this, a long strand of my precum was still attached to her lips. It was fucking hot.

“Put us in you mouth, babe. Just use your mouth to suck us. Use your hands to play with your cunt”, ordered Tim. Shannon did as he wished and took his cock into her mouth and started sucking him off. Her hands went down to her crotch. One hand moved the fabric of her thong to one side, and the other one started rubbing her soaking snatch.

It was quite a site seeing Shannon sitting there with Tim’s cock in her mouth, and her fingers in her cunt. She was really sucking on his cock, taking him deep into her throat almost every stroke. She then moved one of her hands to my cock and started jerking me off as she continued to suck Tim, and finger herself. She then let Tim’s cock slip from her mouth and took mine into it. Just as fast as she did that, she was now jerking Tim off with her free hand.

“Oh yeah Shan, suck my cock. Make me nice and wet so I can fuck those big titties of yours”, I said as I watched this wanton slut fuck my cock with her mouth. I put my hands on both sides of her head to hold it still so I could fuck her mouth. She pulled her head back a bit, releasing my cock from her mouth.

”Oh yeah Jonny, fuck my face. Treat my mouth like a cheap cunt”, said Shannon in a nasty voice.

I guided my cock back into Shannon’s mouth and started to slowly fuck her face. This slut could really suck a mean cock. I continued to fuck her face, increasing my pace as she got used to my oral assault. I was soon pistoning my cock in and out of her throat, just like she told me to. As I fucked her face, her stroking of Tim’s cock and her pussy got more intense. Every once and a while, my cock would slip out of her mouth and slide across her cheek, leaving a trail of her saliva and my precum.

“Come on Timmy, do you want to fuck my mouth now”?

With that cue, Tim took a hold of Shannon’s head and slipped his cock into her mouth, and started to fuck her face like I just did. After fucking her mouth for a little longer, Shannon took both of our cocks in her hand again and held them both to her mouth, trying desperately to suck them both at the same time She managed to get most of our heads into her mouth at the same time.

“Oh yeah Shannon, rub our cocks all over your face”, I commanded. Shannon immediately started to rub our slippery pricks all over her face. Fuck that felt good, and looked just as hot.

“You guys like treating me like a slut, don’t you. Do you guys like having your own personal fuck slut?”

“I couldn’t think of a hotter chick to be our fuck toy”, laughed Tim.

The summer heat was really making it hot in my condo, even though the air conditioning was going full blast. All three of us were sweating quite a bit. Shannon’s tank top was starting to get pretty wet since we started our little fuck session. Her tits looked magnificent. “Let’s take those tits out now”, I said.

“Yes boys, it’s time to do my tits, just like you have wanted to for so long”, said Shannon as she pulled her tank-top over her head. Her tits sprung free and looked outstanding. Her chest was quite wet with her sweat which would make our tit-fucking session just right. Shannon squeezed her tits together, creating an extremely sexy sight. She was still sitting on the short stool with her legs spread wide open. “Ok, who’s going to go first.”

With that invitation, Tim stepped up and pointed his cock towards Shannon’s chest. She let her tits fall free, allowing Tim to place his prick into her cleavage. His cock was now sitting in the sweet valley of her tits, and Shannon spit onto his cock, to give a little extra lubrication. She then wrapped her tits around his cock, creating a tight tunnel of tit flesh for him to fuck. Tim put his hands on Shannon’s shoulders and started to pump his cock between Shannon’s huge tits. As he pumped up and down, the head of his prick would peak out the top of her cleavage.

“Mmmm, that feels so nice Tim. I love the feeling of a hard, wet cock sliding between my big titties”, said Shannon. She then looked over to me and stared at me with the nastiest look on her face. “Do you like how Tim fucks my boobs, Jonny? Doesn’t he fuck my titties so good? I bet you can’t wait to fuck my tits?”

The site was amazing. Seeing my buddy fucking Shannon’s tits was so hot. I continued stroking my cock as Shannon got her big tits fucked by Tim. I couldn’t wait for my turn to bang her boobs. Tim was now pumping his cock in her cleavage like there was no tomorrow. The slapping sound of his cock pounding her tits filled the room, along with all of our moans.

“Oh yeah Tim, fuck her tits”, I moaned as I rubbed my cock. Tim’s cock slipped out from Shannon’s tit flesh and she immediately took it into her mouth, sucking him like she did so well. She then put it back between her tits and Tim continued his tit-fuck. He pumped up and the head of his cock was sitting at the top of her cleavage. Shannon then gave her tits a big squeeze, and precum oozed out of Tim’s cock. She released her tit clutch, and rubbed his oozing cock all over her tits.

“Come on Jonny, it’s your turn baby”, said Shannon as she motioned for me to come over to her. I walked over and stood in front of her. She stroked my cock a couple times and fucked me with her mouth for a while, to get my cock nice and slick. Her tits were glistening with her sweat and Tim’s precum. I placed my cock between her tits and she wrapped them around me. The feeling was unbelievable. Her soft tits were totally enveloping my prick, and the heat of her flesh was incredible. “Come on Jonny, fuck my tits baby.”

With that, I started to pump my cock up and down between Shannon’s tits. My cock and her tits were so wet that I had no problem pumping. I placed my hands on her shoulders and started to really fuck her tits now. I was in heaven, and had never felt like this before. “You like getting your tits fucked, don’t you, you little slut. Wrap those big tits around my cock and tell me how much you like getting your tits pounded”.

“Oh yeah Jonny, I like how you talk dirty to me while you fuck my tits. You never knew I was such a slut did you? I bet you wish you had started fucking my tits when we first me. That’s it baby, pump that big hard boner between my tits. Make me cum. Make me cum by fucking my tits baby!”

I looked over at Tim and he was rubbing his cock, and just looked like he was in a daze. Shannon pulled my cock out and sucked on it. Tim then came over and we switched places again. Tim put his prick back between her tits and started to fuck them all over again. Shannon was really moaning now, and yelled, “Fuck, I’m gonna fucking cum!”

Shannon’s whole body started to shake, and her first orgasm hit. As Tim continued to pump his cock between her tits, Shannon also started to move her body up and down, giving Tim even more sexual sensations.

“Ooooh, you like that don’t you Tim. Are you gonna cum between my titties for me. Are you going to spray your hot cum all over my sweaty tits. That’s it baby, fuck your little slut’s tits and pump your jizz all over my big soft tits.”

I could tell that Tim was getting close. He started to really fuck Shannon’s tits and he then placed his hands on her hands to squeeze her tits together even tighter. “Fuck, I’m gonna cum”, screamed Tim as he started to pump his hot jizz between the Shannon’s tit valley. A couple of his pumps escaped her tits and shot straight into her open mouth. As his orgasm subsided, Shannon took his cock in her hand and pumped any remaining jizz onto her tits. She then continued to rub is cock all over her big, soaked tits.

Tim stepped away, and Shannon motioned with her finger to come over to her. I walked over to her and placed my cock back between her tits. The lubrication of her sweat and Tim’s cum coating made it extremely slick in her tit valley. She once again wrapped her tits around my swollen member and I started to fuck her tits again. “Ooooh Jonny, are my tits nice and slick for your to fuck? Do you like fucking my big tits that are coated with all my sweat, and all of Tim’s big load? Come on baby, it’s your turn to come for me. Pump your load all over my big meaty tits. Show me how much you love fucking my big boobs. Come on, fuck my big slutty tits. Treat my like the tit whore you know I am. Fuck them your fucking stud, fuck my big soaked tits.”

Shannon’s dirty words were taking me over the edge. The sensation I was getting while fucking her slippery tits was driving me wild. I pumped my cock up and down, into her tight tunnel of tit flesh, and was ready to cum. I could feel my cum start to erupt. I was soon shooting my load into her cleavage, just where Tim had not long ago. My head was spinning as I emptied my seed all over Shannon’s tits.

“Oh, you cum so hard Jonny. You made me cum again. I just love getting my tits fucked. I can cum just from having a hardon sliding between my jugs”, moaned Shannon as she stroked my prick. Tim was now standing next to me and Shannon took both our cocks in her hands and started pumping them again. “We got to get these hard again, because I still have plans for you boys and my titties”.

Shannon used her mouth and hands to get me and Tim hard again. She walked us over to a weight lifting bench that was in the corner of the room and laid down on it on her back, letting her legs straddle the bench. She slowly removed her panties revealing her wet, shaved cunt. She rubbed it for a few minutes and then rubbed some of her pussy juice between her tits. “OK boys, I want you both to fuck my tits at the same time. It’s gonna feel so fucking hot having your cocks and my tits rubbing all over each other.”

I had to admit, the idea sounded hot. Shannon’s head was hanging over the back of the bench, and I straddled her face, facing towards her feet. Tim straddled her stomach, facing her face. I then placed my cock between her tits and Tim placed his cock on top of mine. Shannon then took both of her hands and wrapped them around our cocks. The feeling was amazing. We both started to pump our cocks, but found it a little difficult at first. But soon enough, we had a good rhythm going. We were both pumping back and forward at the same time. The heat between Shannon’s tits was amazing.

“Oh fuck guys, this is amazing. I can’t believe how fucking hot this is, having both of your big hard cocks between my tits. That’s it boys, fuck them. Pump your big cocks between my tits.” Shannon raised her head up a bit and started to lick my balls. I almost blew my load right there. She soon had my entire sack in my mouth. I stopped pumping as she sucked my balls, but Tim continued, still giving my cock the friction as he fucked her tits. I then pulled my cock out from Shannon’s cleavage and she then let her head drop back down. I put my cock into her mouth and started fucking her throat. The position we were in made it great for fucking her face.

“That’s it Jonny, fuck that slut’s mouth while I fuck her big tits.” Tim was now reaching behind him and fingering Shannon’s twat as he fucked her tits. I continued fucking her face for a few more minutes and then wanted to get back between her tits.

“Put it back between my tits Jonny. I want to feel both of you between my tits again. I just love the feeling of all of us rubbing together like that” With that I put my cock back between Shannon’s tits, resting on top of Tim’s. “Now fuck them hard. Fuck my big tits. Come all over my tits, and in my cleavage.” Tim and I were really pumping our cocks between her jugs now. The tit-fuck slapping was getting louder as we assaulted her tits with our cocks. The feeling of our cocks rubbing together between her tits was driving us both wild, and Tim was ready to blow his load.

“Fuck, I’m gonna cum”, yelled Tim as he once again started to pump his load into Shannon’s cleavage. As his cum shot into the tit tunnel, the heat in there increased and shot me over the edge. I immediately started pumping my load between Shannon’s tits. The amount of jizz between her tits was incredible. We continued fucking her tits for a few more minutes, but our cocks finally slipped out from between her sweaty, jizz covered mounds. We both moved to the side and Shannon sat up on the bench. We stood in front of her and let her clean our cocks of all the jizz that had accumulated on them.

“That’s it Shan, suck all our jizz of our pricks. Show us what a nasty whore you are. Show us how you like to eat our cum”, said Tim.

Shannon then let our cocks slip out of her mouth. “Fuck guys. We should have started doing this a long time ago. If I knew you guys like tit-fucking as much as I did, we would never leave this house. We were all a mess. We were all dripping with sweat, and Shannon’s tits were soaked with her cunt juice, her saliva, our cum and her sweat. “Well, now that you have given my tits the fucking of a lifetime, my ass is getting kinda jealous!”

To be continued.