 "2 BIG TREATS FOR ME"

It's your birthday and you said that on your birthday you wanted to see me do something special for you, something you've been thinking about for a long time, and I agreed. So now you have me seated on the edge of our bed, stark naked, while you're seated next to me, still clothed. 

"This is something I've really been wanting to see you do, baby." You look to the door and say, "Okay, guys, you can come in now." 

Suddenly in walk two great looking guys, sleek, smooth, gorgeous surfer boy types in their early 20s, both stark naked. After a quick look-over, you see my eyes flash down to their cocks and smile to yourself, then look over to them.

"When we watch porn, Dave is always talking about the cocks -- this one's so big, this one's so hard, so nicely shaped, this one looks so yummy, and so on and so on... so I thought, finally, he should try some cock of his own." 

You found these guys online, getting pics, making arrangements. And now here they are.

"Dave this is Eric, and that's Billy." 

They nod, approaching us. Their cocks are fat and meaty, but not fully erect yet. 

"I think you should make them hard, Dave," you say pushing down on the back of my head, down towards Eric's cock. I take the meaty penis in my mouth and start to suck it; in a jiffy it becomes fully erect, twice as long and much thicker, and as rigid as a length of steel pipe, a real mouthful. You look down and see my cock is just as hard; obviously I'm enjoying getting this sexy hung stud erect.

"Now Billy," you say, directing me to his cock, firmly pushing down on the back of y head as I take Billy's cock in my mouth and now get him nice and stiff. 

"Very good," you say, pulling my face away. 

They stand there, their two beautiful, oversized cocks sticking up at full mast, hard as steel and rising from their bellies at a sharp 45 degree angle, so fucking hard and erect, they look like they could burst. 

"Now take them in your hands and stroke them." I take the two oversized erections in my two hands and slowly stroke them, getting so turned on. 

"They're big, aren't they. Really big." I nod that they sure as shit are; they must each be carrying 9, maybe even 10 inches or so, and looking over at you, I can see their cocks are as thick as your wrists. 

"Okay, now that you got them hard, Dave, I want to see you take your sweet time sucking each one, giving Eric and Billy nice, sexy blow-jobs. And while you're sucking them, you can think about where these two boys are gonna park those big dicks of theirs later on." Then you lean over and whisper in my ear, "up your ass, babe, right up your greedy, cock-loving ass!" 

You take Eric's rock hard cock in your hand (he's so thick, you can barely get your hand around it), and bring it to my mouth. 

"Here, baby, eat it. Let me see you feed on some thick cock. Lick it first, then suck it." Starting with his big, full balls, I lick them, then slowly drag my tongue up along the underside of his cock, looking at you as I do, our eyes locking, blazing with raw passion, licking up to his cockhead, where I open wide and engulf the big cock in my mouth. Now you let go of him as I take over, holding his shaft as I suck him. Billy's super turned on watching, fisting his own cock as I suck his buddy's. 

"Look at you go, lover," you say, "you really love to suck cock, don't you." I nod as I keep sucking him. "Now let me see suck Billy's," you say, grabbing hold of his shaft as you push my face away form Eric's. I lick and then suck Billy's cock, nice and slow and sexy. 

"Your guy is a hell of a cocksucker," Eric says to you as he watches me now blow his buddy's thick cock. "But me and Billy, we like our asses eaten too."

"Hear that?" you say as I keep sucking, then you look at the guys. "Turn around boys and let's see those hot butts." They turn as we gaze at their smooth, tight, athletic bare bottoms. "And you, babe," you say to me, "for this you better get down off the bed and drop to your knees." 

I do just that as you tell the guys to reach back and spread wide, which they do. Then you press my face into Eric's ass, as my tongue digs in and I start licking his asshole. 

"Dave can't get enough of licking my asshole, he loves to eat ass," you tell the guys, "so I'm sure you'll like his tongue work." After eating out Eric's ass, he steps aside, and now I eat out Billy's, you watching, whispering in my ear, "...eat that ass, baby, eat that male ass, show me how you love to eat ass, tongue those hot boyholes!" 

After I've gone down on their two assholes, you tell them to turn around, their massive erect cocks both staring me in the face. Now I'm down on my knees, looking straight at those cocks, not leaning down. 

"Suck them, baby, suck them both, back and forth." And for the next twenty minutes you watch closely as I suck those cocks again, taking them in by mouth and down my throat, inch by thick inch, looking right at you as I swallow them, struggling to take every last inch down the hatch, until my lower lip presses against their balls.

"Now it's time to get fucked, lover, time to take it up the ass," you announce, "so assume the position." I get up on the bed on elbows and knees, sticking it out lewdly, like a male slut in heat, eager for some thick cock up my ass.


You tell Eric to kneel up by face and keep feeding me his cock, and tell Billy to join you behind me. I open those hungry lips wide as Eric jams his thick nine plus inches of steel hard cock meat in my mouth, twisting the shaft in my hand as I suck him, then cupping his balls as I work my lips further down his shaft and take as much as I can in my mouth and down my throat. Eric closes his eyes and groans; he's loving it. Loving it so much that's he not just letting me suck his cock, but now wrapping a big hand around the back of my head, holding it in place, as he fucks my mouth. 

"Uh huh! Fuck his mouth, fuck his cocksucking mouth!" you hiss excitedly, urging him on. You and Billy love the sight, watching my lips opening to the limits and seeing all that cock disappear between them. You could say I'm sucking a thick cock, and you could also say I'm getting my mouth or face fucked; both would be true. Meanwhile, you tell Billy that you want me to "really feel it back there," so there'll be no anal lube for me. You reach down to spread my ass cheeks and tell Billy to give my asshole a quick licking; that's all the prep I need or am going to get. He digs in and tongues my hole while I keep giving his buddy a high quality blow job. Then you have Billy kneel behind me, and taking his thick hot shaft in your hand, you press his cockhead against my asshole, glistening vividly from his tonguework.

"Fuck him, fuck his ass, bust through that asshole and ream out that ass of his with your big, beautiful, huge cock, make him feel it, really feel it!" you tell Billy bluntly, pulling your hand away from his dick as he slowly works his massive cock up my ass, inch by thick inch, grabbing hold of my hips as he fucks my ass nice and easy and smooth, and then hard and deep and rough, then smooth and slow again, but always deep, to the balls, his balls mashing against mine, his thighs slapping against mine, as he works the whole thing inside me. You love the sight, the way my fucked asshole is stretched open, wrapped around his big invading cock, clenching it. You love the sight of seeing me like this, on all fours, my own cock so fucking hard, with one big cock pounding at my ass and a second big cock pushing into my mouth and down my throat. And me? I love showing off for you. I love the taste of thick cock, and the feel of it up my ass, hammering away at my cock-hungry mancunt. And best of all is having YOU there to watch, to witness all this, urging me and the boys on.

Your eyes are flashing back and forth excitedly, zeroing in like a pair of lasers at the thick cock busting open my asshole, then gazing at where my hungry mouth is saying a big hello to Eric's big one, my lips wrapped around the massive girth of his ultra-erect cock, sucking it voraciously, eyes blazing with lust as I gaze over at you, my mouth stuffed with cock. 

"Dave, baby, I can't tell you just how hot and nasty you look with your mouth stuffed, crammed with cock," you purr sexily. Eric loves having his cock in my mouth as much as Billy loves having his up my ass, Billy pounding away and Eric forcing more and more of his meaty shaft in my mouth and down my throat. You've been watching long enough; you decide you need some cock yourself now. 

"I need to get fucked up the ass too!" you announce to us all. So, finally, you rip off all your clothes and get up on albows and knees alongside me. You've loved watching me suck Eric's cock and him fucking my mouth, but you want some of that cock for yourself now. So you tell him to join his buddy behind us and slide his cock up your ass and fuck you the way his buddy is fucking me. But while you had me take Billy's cock almost 'dry,' you lube up your asshole before daring to take Eric's thick one. Lubed now, you wag a finger and he presses his cock against your greased asshole and works it in. Now, side by side, we're both taking it up the ass, getting fucked. We gaze at each other, overwhelmed with raw lust, my cock steel hard, your pussy dripping, leaning over and kissing passionately as we both get fucked. 

"God, Dave, I just love taking it up the ass with you, right next to you like this, I really love it!" you tell me, your eyes tender, passionate, lustful. Finally you pull away from Eric and tell him to bring his cock up to my face again and tell me you want to see me suck him some more. 

"Mmmmh, it's been all the way up my ass, so I'm sure you'll really love sucking it now," you tell me. His cock, glistening and glazed now from your ass, is especially appetizing to me as I greedily wrap my lips around it and keep sucking. He works it in deep into my mouth and down my throat, so his balls again press against my lower lip and I almost gag, but I fuckin' love it. And you love watching your lover suck dick for his pleasure and YOUR viewing pleasure. Finally I can feel and you can see Eric's cock throbbing and know he's going to cum and unload any second now. A moment later I can feel his load shoot explosively into my mouth. I take a mouthful and then you reach over and rip his cock out of my mouth so he now has to ejaculate the next few spurts all over my face, you with fingers between your legs, strumming away feverishly as you watch. Eric pulls away and lays back. Now you tell Billy to pull out of my ass, then you get on top of me in a 69 position. My tongue reaches for your creamy, delicious pussy as you take my steel hard cock in your hand. Then you look back at Billy and tell him to work his cock up your ass now. As he fucks your ass, you wrap your lips around my cock and suck me as I lick your pussy and clit. As I lick you I can see Billy's big balls and the underside of his thick cock as it disappears up your ass. I reach up and jam two stiff fingers up his ass, as I keep licking you and he keeps fucking you. We lick and suck, until you enjoy a blistering orgasm and I blast a big load in your mouth as Billy blasts his heavy load into your ass. Now Billy pulls out and joins his buddy, both wasted. You get up off me and turn, looking at me. Our eyes are both blazing with pleasure and desire. My cum trickles from the corner of your lips. My face is creamy from your pussy and Eric'c earlier blast of semen, and I have the taste of cock, pussy and cum in my mouth. We kiss passionately again, sharing it all, a hot, sticky kiss. Then I turn you over, lift your ass, spread those cheeks wide, dig my tongue into your crack, and lap up Billy's cum as it slowly leaks out of your well-fucked ass, devouring that dripping asshole with pure, utter lust. 

"Lap it up! Suck it out of my ass!" you growl, "suck his cum out of my ass! Every last fucking drop, then give me another big, loving kiss."