 CHAPTER 1. "PUMPKIN"

-*- Monday, July 18, 2016 -*-

-*- Flagstone, Nevada -*-

"What the heck am I doing?" Contemplating things (and questioning her sanity), Lindsay Delacroix took a deep, drawn-out breath, and gazed at the stunning adobe-brick home in front of her. Everything appeared the same as it did in all the online photographs she'd studied so tirelessly over the past 12 months. The desert scenery that surrounded the large, sprawling structure provided breathtaking views with orange-banded canyons, towering yellow limestone peaks, sandstone crags, and an assortment of wildflowers. The house itself was in a quiet, relaxed location, and seemed charming on the outside with its manicured grounds, spacious front patio, and dense shrubbery.

"Well, I'm here. Might as well go through with it, huh? There's no turning back now." Lindsay again spoke out loud and shrugged her shoulders, then applied a fresh layer of lipstick and fluffed up her hair. _Need to look my best, right?_ Random thoughts convoluted her mind much like gray ash and dust did the air, swirling and whizzing afoul thanks to a strong, gusting wind. Surely, Lindsay's parents would throw a fit (and may even disown her) if they knew what she was about to get herself into.

_You've never been any farther away from home than you are right now._ She took a deep, fortifying breath and then nodded her head with conviction. _I'm going to do it. Time to be a big girl for once and move onto the next phase of my life._

Lindsay flung her backpack over her shoulder with confidence and attitude, then began walking toward the front entrance of the seemingly routine, inconspicuous desert house. _It's now or never._

Besides, there was nowhere else to go. Thanks to that Uber ride just to get here, she was out of money.

Lindsay loved the hustle and bustle of Las Vegas during her brief visit there early this morning. It was her first time ever being in Sin City. She needed to go back again and visit... soon. The unruly traffic and hordes of tourists from all over the world were unlike anything the 18-year-old had ever seen. Las Vegas had so many people that, in Lindsay's impressionable eyes, it seemed like the epicenter of the human population. Even in the early morning hours, activity spiraled on everywhere. To her, it felt wonderful, highly stimulating, over the top, larger than life and most of all, captivating. And The Las Vegas Strip itself? Truly an adult fantasyland where anything is possible, and reality (and all its pitfalls) ceases to exist.

But here, some 150 miles north in an otherwise barren wasteland, the temperature on this bright and sunny Monday morning was 106 degrees Fahrenheit. Very typical for the Nevada desert during this time of year, but it didn't affect Lindsay one way or the other. Just three weeks removed from her high school graduation, the ambitious teenager was used to sweltering heat like this. She'd spent her entire life living in the small town of Citronelle in the southeastern California desert. Indeed, this was a long way from home. She'd left those old stomping grounds behind last evening, as well as her parents, three sisters, and everyone else she'd ever known, and took a charter bus from Palm Springs to Las Vegas. It was a long, arduous trip, and Lindsay was tired. Very tired. Her mother said that she was crazy and had no idea what she was doing, and was surely bound for trouble, but Lindsay had a plan.

She just didn't tell anyone what it was. Not even her lifelong best friend, Evie Bancroft.

Lindsay had wanted to get away from Citronelle for as long as she could remember. It was an okay town, but it was sleepy, and _nothing_ ever happened there. To her, it was the most boring place on Earth. The next closest sign of civilization was 30 miles away. Between it and Citronelle, there was one lonely highway and a _whole lot_ of nothingness.

Lindsay always knew that something better was out there in the world waiting for her, but she just wasn't sure what. And unless she went out and searched for it, Lindsay knew she'd never find it.

Because it wouldn't come looking for her.

At first, becoming a model and/or actress and making it big in Hollywood was Lindsay's grand plan. Her way to get out of Dodge. She could be a superstar and have the paparazzi shadow her every move! Wouldn't it be awesome to drive around in a Porsche and live in an opulent mansion on the beach in Malibu? Have an entire staff dedicated to her every whim?

It was an idea shared by hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of little girls who dream of one day making the big-time in Hollywood. But as she got older, reality set in. Lindsay probably had a better chance of winning the Powerball than becoming the next A-list actress or magazine cover girl. She didn't lack confidence, mind you, but was smart enough to realize that she had two chances of succeeding in Tinseltown: slim and none. The numbers game was just too much to overcome.

Still, Lindsay wanted to get out of Citronelle and do something new and exciting with her life. _Something different._ Attending college elsewhere was out of the question as her parents couldn't afford the tuition. Not with her two older sisters already attending USC and Arizona, respectively. And Lindsay was tired of dipping and grilling corn dogs (for a measly ten bucks an hour) at the town fairgrounds like a mindless zombie every summer. _Ewwwww, gross._ Why was it the only job that she could find? Wasn't there more to life than serving unhealthy junk food? Just the mere thought of corn dogs makes her sick nowadays.

So, a year ago while still attending high school in Citronelle, Lindsay began researching places like this - a legalized BROTHEL in tiny Flagstone, Nevada - and decided the idea of working at one intrigued her.

And why not? The girl _loved_ sex.

Lindsay did exhaustive studies on every brothel throughout the entire state of Nevada. She read every news article, blog post, and website message board that was available on the Internet. Nevada brothels - or to put it more bluntly, WHOREHOUSES - were perfectly legal in certain areas here and, believe it or not, experts claimed that visiting one was the safest sex anyone could ever have in their life. A million times safer than, say, picking up a random chick at the neighborhood bar and taking her back to your apartment for the evening. That's because brothels are heavily regulated by the state - everything they do is scrutinized and analyzed under a microscope - and every _working girl_ must submit to both weekly and monthly health screenings. If an infection of any type is found, they must cease work immediately. Otherwise, it would be off to jail.

There has _never_ been a case of HIV reported in the brothel system in Nevada.

Lindsay made a dummy account on Twitter and followed all the working girls (AKA prostitutes) she could find and even socialized back-and-forth with them if they were gracious enough to respond. At the time, Lindsay claimed to be 24 and said that she wanted to get involved in the business. She asked many questions and got tons of feedback.

Some brothels were glamorous, upscale resorts while others were located in tiny, rundown shacks. This may sound like a cliché, but they truly went from one extreme to the other. Like comparing that Porsche to a lemon. But when you get down to it, at least for the customer, what does it really matter? Women are women and sex is sex, so if a customer finds a connection and enjoys himself or herself, it's doubtful they'll remember whether it happened in a glittering palace or a 125-year-old house in dire need of repairs.

On the higher end, a working girl could make up to $2,000 an hour when entertaining a client. But only at those posh, extravagant resorts just outside of Las Vegas. Working at them, Lindsay read, was competitive and demanding - almost to the point of being cutthroat - and all the girls had to pay for external living expenses (rent, supplies, food, cleaning) daily.

Way up north, closer to Salt Lake City than Las Vegas, earning power was much less at a couple hundred bucks an hour. That's because those brothels were in places that were comparable to her hometown - minuscule desert villages with not much else going on. But the vibe at those smaller houses seemed to be much more laid-back. Generally, management didn't charge any daily living expenses. Cash tips and gifts didn't have to be split 50-50 amongst employer and employee, either. Working girls seemed to get along and support each other. Many would post comments on social media about the excellent living conditions and how they didn't have to pay for anything extra. They'd claim to be happy and well taken care of.

To the far west in congested areas closer to Reno and Carson City, there was an opportunity for more income. More population meant more business. Yet at the same time, the negative drawbacks ramped up, too. Management could afford to take liberties and charge their girls outrageous fees. _Take it or leave it._

Ultimately, Lindsay decided to apply online at Happy Ending Ranch in the little town of Flagstone (population: 7,000). Geographically speaking, Flagstone wasn't much different than Citronelle or the cities up north with the smaller houses. But it was much closer to Las Vegas (a two-and-a-half-hour drive compared to six) and attracted several customers because of it. High-rollers and big spenders from the Vegas casinos would often drive here looking for a good time with plenty of money to burn.

Thus, that meant more income potential. From her research, Lindsay gathered that the typical working girl at Happy Ending Ranch made between $400 to $500 an hour for a session with a client. It was a happy medium (no pun intended) between the bigger and smaller houses. The dollar figure was an educated guess on her part as brothel employees discussing prices through online communication or even over the telephone is illegal and warrants an arrest. In the eyes of the law, that's considered solicitation. The only place where prices can be legally discussed is in a private room within the brothel itself. Still, Lindsay was able to come to those amounts as a few loyal patrons told her what they had to pay there.

Best of all, it seemed, the brothel didn't charge room and board (which was upwards of $50 a day at the resorts), and both meals and supplies (condoms, wet wipes, towels, etc.) were provided free of charge. Working for less money was a welcome tradeoff, many girls online claimed, for not owing daily, exorbitant living fees.

But the real reason Lindsay chose Happy Ending Ranch was that she hadn't read one negative thing about it. At all. Customers raved about the girls and how friendly and attentive the staff was. The owner, it seemed, went out of his way for the customer (and, according to the pictures she'd seen, Lindsay thought he looked kind of hot - which was a nice bonus.)

Patrons also spoke highly of the club's atmosphere. Much, much more than they did any other brothel in the state. In a way, it all seemed too good to be true. Some clients traveled thousands of miles several times a year just to go there for a few hours at a time. Reading the message board and watching videos, the girls seemed tight-knit and friendly. They were supportive and looked out for each other. Lindsay studied their public exchanges on social media and saw no hint of jealousy or animosity at all.

At the bigger houses, things seemed more rigid and straightforward. These brothels were a _business_ whose strict purpose was to make money and approached it that way. Customers complained that there wasn't the special touch that could be found at the lesser-known houses in the open areas. The established, much more profitable brothels didn't go out of their way - above and beyond - to offer an unforgettable visit that would attract returning clients like the smaller ones did. It was get in, get out, keep the assembly line moving. They could afford to be this way because being in densely populated areas, the money flowed no matter what. Athletes, celebrities, multimillionaires, and Fortune 500 CEOs were frequent customers. The prices were outrageous, but there was always a demand, regardless.

Plus, turnover was high, and Lindsay had read horror stories about some of the things the girls did to each other during squabbles and disagreements.

One girl, Lindsay read, urinated in another's suitcase and didn't tell anyone about it for four whole days.

She wanted no part of that, so decided to apply at Happy Ending Ranch here in Flagstone. Even former employees didn't have anything negative to say about the place. Everything was positive. They all seemed to love the management staff - especially the owner - and strongly recommended it.

_The use of cell phones and any electronic recording devices is strictly prohibited onsite and will be confiscated._

Lindsay read the sign as she approached the entrance and scrunched her face in question. _Ehhhhh, probably goes back to the whole anonymity and safety thing I read online._ Lindsay was positive that rule applied to customers only - surely the brothel wouldn't forbid its employees from using smartphones - but she put her cellular device into her backpack anyway.

Already knowing that the front door was locked, Lindsay reached out a tentative finger and pressed the buzzer. She could hear the loud chime go off even through the thick, reinforced door.

"You're crazy, but welcome to the rest of your life, girlfriend. This is what you wanted. Time to get fucked for a living." She was talking out loud to herself. "Hey, they can put that on your tombstone! _Lindsay Michelle Delacroix, December 4, 1997 to... whenever. She got fucked for a living... repeatedly._"

Lindsay giggled inwardly and took in the surroundings one more time. _This sure isn't Citronelle._ She already knew her mom was totally against the idea of prostitution, legal or otherwise. Mom claimed that brothels were _houses of ill repute_ on more than one occasion and the women who dared work at them unholy sinners. Lindsay shook her head and then shivered at the thought of her parents ever finding out that she was here. _Mom would spaz out. Dad would have a heart attack and then call the National Guard._

A full minute went by, and still, no one answered the door. _Is anyone home? Is everyone still sleeping?_ She knew sex workers were night owls. Generally, that's when the money flowed. But the place opened for business almost an hour-and-a-half ago. Impatient, Lindsay hit the buzzer again and began to feel more pangs of self-doubt and trepidation. Coming here wasn't an easy decision, but at least with all the research, it'd been a well-thought-out and informed one. This was what she wanted to do with her life.

"Hi, good morning! Welcome to Happy Ending Ranch!" A short, somewhat stocky older man opened the door and greeted Lindsay with a cheerful smile. _Hey, he's kind of cute._ Lindsay had countless fantasies going back several years of being with an older, much more experienced man who could show her how things are properly done in the bedroom. In those fantasies, Lindsay often imagined herself as defenseless and entirely at her lover's mercy.

This man appeared to be in his early-to-mid 50s and seemed somewhat familiar. _I know I've seen your picture before, sir. Who are you? More importantly, would you object if I dropped to my knees right now and tried to inhale your cock into my mouth?_

Lindsay felt a burning twinge between her thighs and squirmed in the entranceway. Her libido was already starting to rage out of control and her curiosity was running wild. It began on the long bus ride overnight. After all this time, she was finally at a brothel.

"May I see some ID, please?"

"Uh, sure." Lindsay's thoughts crested back to Earth as she fumbled around in her backpack and then showed her California driver's license to the man. _Yeah, I know him._ Lindsay recognized the man from the online videos and interviews she'd watched about this place. She didn't recall his name offhand, but he was the manager. Not the owner, but the manager.

"Oh, you're Lindsay. We've been expecting you!" He moved aside and swung his arm out in a welcoming motion. "I'm Frank. Frank O'Malley. I'm the house manager. Come on in. So nice to finally meet you."

Lindsay offered a sweet, charming smile as she stepped into the front foyer. It may have looked like a typical family home on the outside, but just inside, it was anything but. Lindsay eyed the fully-stocked wet bar, the wraparound mirrors, and the stripper pole in the background with awe in her eyes. Neon lights were flashing, and hardcore pornography was playing on two separate flat-panel televisions behind the bar. _Is that girl really taking on six guys at once? How is that humanly possible?_ A jukebox and an ATM machine were nearby. Everything was otherwise dark, and clouds of cigarette smoke seemed to hang permanently in the air. There were open doorways on either side of the lobby with raggedy, old curtains draped in front of them. And everything smelled like booze.

And sex.

"You rode a bus here from Palm Springs, right?" Frank ran Lindsay's driver's license through a machine - _probably got a photocopy of it,_ she thought - and then gave it back to her. "How was the trip? Did you run into any problems?"

"No, not really." Lindsay could tell that Frank was sizing her up-and-down already. With her slender frame and wholesome good looks, Lindsay was used to guys checking her out. It was nothing new. The blonde-haired, blue-eyed cutie stood 5-foot-3 and weighed a scant 98 pounds, and was voted the Homecoming Queen at her school two years in a row. Guys of all ages ogled her routinely and she liked it. "The bus ride from Palm Springs was 10 hours with several rest stops and breaks." _And it only cost $35, which was awesome._ "I had an Uber ride waiting in Vegas at Caesar's Palace, and he just dropped me off here three minutes ago." _And that fucker set me back $221. How ridiculous._

"Would you like a bottled water? Maybe a 20-ounce Coke or Pepsi? All on the house, of course."

Lindsay smiled graciously. "No, thank you. I'm fine." Frank seemed overly nice and sincere, but Lindsay wondered if those stories she'd read on the Internet about certain brothel owners and managers who routinely fuck their employees applied here or not. Initially, she hoped that wasn't the case, but now that she was actually here, Lindsay had visions of Frank ripping her clothes off and throwing her on top of the bar, and then feasting on her like she was Thanksgiving dinner. Lindsay felt so horny and anxious right now that she'd happily let him have his way with her. Any logic or reason had been tossed out the window.

_I'd bet anything Mr. O'Malley knows his way around the bedroom._

"Your ID is good, and we've already verified through our background check that you're really 18. You don't look 18. You look younger, which will probably be the best thing you have going for you." Lindsay bit her lip and a pink blush crept over her cheeks as Frank continued to talk. "I know the big boss - Jason - has been looking to hire some younger talent. You could be very successful and make a lot of money here."

"I hope so."

"May I see your backpack? Just need to check and make sure you didn't bring anything with you that you shouldn't have. A full search is mandatory." When Lindsay offered him a puzzled look, Frank quickly added in an easy tone, "All employees or turnouts - the industry term for prospective employees - have their belongings searched every time they enter the building. It's just a safety thing."

Lindsay's eyes went narrow, and she felt awkward as Frank emptied out her backpack upon the counter and sifted through every single item she'd brought with her. _I have nothing to hide, but really?_ Frank was totally businesslike as he inspected and then neatly folded each of her bras and panties into separate piles. It felt weird to have a total stranger going through her unmentionables like this. Frank did the same for all her tops and bottoms, shoes, socks, hair and beauty supplies, purse, iPad and paper notebooks, and simply glanced at her smartphone. Apparently, it wasn't going to be confiscated after all.
