 CHAPTER 2. "FIRST"

"When I was younger, I liked these to be slightly toasted, but now that I'm older, I like 'em... charred."

"You obviously have a thing for flaming balls."

Mila's laughter, sweet and melodious as it was to Jason's appreciative ears, filled the late morning air all around them. A rare, precious gem, his wife was brimming with spirit - upbeat and tender - and loaded with affection. And that smile? Mila could literally make Jason's insides melt whenever she flashed the radiant, captivating smile that often went along with her patented, effervescent laugh.

Jason dabbed at his chin with a single fingertip. "Do I still have marshmallows on my mouth?"

Snuggled close to him in the backyard of the brothel that they owned with the sands and stones of the Nevada desert as their backdrop, Mila tilted her head and grinned, and stole not one, not two, but _three_ quick kisses from her beloved husband. "I don't think so." She pulled away for a second look, quick as it was, then shook her head and kissed him again, all the while holding her own marshmallows-on-a-stick over an open bonfire flame in front of them.

Waiting for it to become charred.

Mila then grazed her lips along his collarbone and squeezed his torso. "You're so cuddly, Jason!"

Mila and Jason Trevelle had just recently celebrated their 10th wedding anniversary by spending a week-and-a-half in Bora Bora. They decided to go all-out too, renting an overwater villa with breathtaking views of the mighty Pacific, a private infinity swimming pool, floating over-the-water hammock, and sun lounges. They had round-the-clock access to the lagoon and could swim, snorkel, and/or scuba dive at their leisure.

With a stretch of white beach bordering impeccably blue seas and deluxe thatch-roofed accommodations situated on wooden piers, the resort provided the vacation of a lifetime. It even had its own private island, and to Mila and Jason, it was Heaven on Earth. A romantic getaway for the ages.

But when it was over, it was back to the unbearably hot, cruel climate of the Nevada desert, and their professional lives. Jason had been working at Happy Ending Ranch since 1992 and inherited ownership from his father after his passing on October 17, 2006. He didn't agree with many of his father's tactics and set out to make immediate changes, both for the brothel employees and its customers alike.

Mila was a wide-eyed, innocent 18-year-old when she arrived on the scene from San Francisco, California and applied for a job two years prior in 2004. Jason, then the house manager and second in command, was taken by Mila at first sight. He'd interviewed thousands of gorgeous, sensuous young women over the years, but none of them gave him butterflies in his digestive system until Mila Kinnecot came along. Nothing felt forced between them. Everything seemed naturally comfortable and easy, and best of all, authentic.

Jason knew it right away. Even during the initial interview, he was genuinely fascinated with Mila and her thoughts on any and every topic. That curiosity led to more questions, many of which had nothing to do with the interview itself, and he found himself falling in love. His heart sped up, his body temperature spiked, and that smile wouldn't leave his face.

Needless to say, Jason hired her on the spot.

"The first day we met, I called my mom and told her that I was going to marry you. I knew it immediately," Mila sighed, then put her face across Jason's shoulder and purred like a kitten. "Pretty strange I came to that realization in a brothel with you being the manager, huh? My new boss?" Indeed, Mila was just as smitten with Jason as he was with her that day. "We liked each other right off the bat, but I..."

"We did?" Jason teased with a silly grin. "When did that happen?"

Mila grasped his hand and offered a hard, stoic glare, but it was laced with a smile. "Let me talk."

Jason laughed in response.

"I just remember that I felt like a schoolgirl and couldn't stop feeling... ridiculous."

Jason chuckled and motioned toward her breasts with his head. "And looking like that?"

"Looking like what?" Mila was beaming.

"Looking like THAT right there." His bride was a strikingly beautiful woman at 30-years-old with a body that showed no signs of aging. Mila stood 5-foot-3 and weighed 118 pounds, and had an impressive 34d-25-36 figure and thick, healthy, long-flowing blonde hair. Having been a working girl for 12 years and counting, Mila had always taken such tremendous care of her body and that strict dedication showed. She was in excellent shape, yet also possessed a subtle hint of softness that drove both her husband and clients alike up the proverbial wall with desire.

She had a tiny, little belly - a _pooch,_ Jason called it - and he loved to squeeze and play with it.

Mornings were generally slow at the brothel, so Mila and Jason had opted to spend a little quiet time together out back by the bonfire pit and pool. The backyard was totally enclosed with high, inaccessible security walls and electrified wires on top, and offered total privacy. It was nice to be able to connect each day, if just for a short while, as husband-and-wife because so much of their time and energy while in town was devoted to the brothel itself. Jason was the owner (_general manager_) and always had a million things on his plate. Mila was one of the female talents and basically _on call_ 17 hours every day. She also did what she could to help out behind the scenes, specifically screening new applicants from the website and then talking to them over the telephone.

Officially, Mila was listed as the co-owner. But all decisions were ultimately made by Jason.

Mila grasped his wrist and shivered theatrically. "Oooooh, I adore you. I want to gobble you up sometimes! You're always complimenting me and giving me those steamy, little looks of yours."

He shook his head and grinned. "You have like a thousand layers. You keep letting me discover them."

Mila traced a suggestive fingertip along his forearm. "What do you want to do?"

"How about each other?" There was a slight hesitation, then Jason laughed again. Mila laughed too. As usual, there was some serious chemistry between these two at the moment.

Every working girl is different. Some want nothing to do with relationships and find no joy whatsoever in physical pleasure. Sex is their job, and they try to avoid it at all costs in their free time. The idea itself is repulsive. Others simply fear having sex outside of work because STIs are so rampant and, if they catch one, their career would be ruined.

But for Mila specifically, her sex drive had been _through the roof_ over the past several weeks! _Strictly with her husband, that is._ Not necessarily others. During their vacation in Bora Bora, she wanted it every single night from Jason. He had no complaints, obviously, and was thankful for his wife's overcharged libido... however temporary it may have been.

Mila had always been able to differentiate her professional life from her private life and never allowed the two to intersect. She may have been a pleasure and orgasm specialist who made herself available to men, women and all types of couples, but make no mistake about it - Mila loved her husband with all her heart and soul. She'd do anything - give anything - to make him happy. Those feelings, of course, were reciprocated. Perhaps that's why they've been together for so long?

Theirs was a unique marriage, no doubt. Jason often stood idly by in the bar and watched his wife flirt with and eventually seduce men of all ages, shapes, sizes, and ethnic backgrounds. Occasionally, it would be another woman. Or even a couple. Mila would usually be wearing an outfit that would get her arrested in public. Jason would then watch them walk hand-in-hand back to her assigned bedroom and listen in to the negotiations through his earpiece and the brothel's state-of-the-art surveillance system.

"You sure you can't go any higher than $800 for an hour, baby? I'd really love to show you a good time, but the type of party you're asking for typically costs more. Can you maybe do $900?"

Typically, in this type of exchange, Mila would settle with the customer for $850 and give him or her whatever they wanted during their time together. Sometimes, the client - let's just say a man now for simplicity sake's - would do everything he could for that hour to fuck her senseless. He'd pound Mila into what he felt was sexual oblivion and, in the process, live out several fantasies doing so. Control, power exchange, even domination.

Of course, Mila was used to this type of treatment, and she didn't wear out quickly. Often it was an act on her part. Her goal with every party was for not only the customer to leave fully satisfied, but also for them to believe that she was fully satisfied, too.

And on rare occasions, she received even more than she could handle. One day last year, for example, Mila entertained a well-known NBA athlete and needed the remainder of the day to recover. She'd never had it so hard.

Customers had different wants and desires. Mila had spent several hours before just hanging out in her bedroom with patrons. Some didn't even want sex or anything erotic. They wanted to pretend to be boyfriend and girlfriend, or husband and wife, and just talk. She'd curl up and snuggle on the bed with a client, and they'd watch a movie or play video games together. Mila would find herself acting as a therapist as these customers' lives were often severely lacking, and they needed someone to open up to and be honest with.

That type of intimacy was often preferred, but most took it a step further and wanted sex. After all, this was a brothel. Some would ask Mila to give them a nuru massage in the parlor and then take a shower with her. Others would spend upwards of 30 minutes (if not longer) dining on her pussy like it was their first meal in weeks. Mila had sucked cock thousands of times and been drilled in every conceivable position and angle known to man, and then some. She'd seen it all. She'd done it all.

And always with a smile and a good attitude.

One customer would stop by every three months and use bondage restraints to tightly hogtie and gag Mila upon the bed or the floor. Then, it was her job to squirm and struggle (and of course cry) like she was a captive as the man simply sat back in the chair and jacked himself off for the remainder of their time together. Occasionally, he'd take off his belt and punish her with it. Beyond that, the man never touched Mila. It could be a bit painful at times - the bondage - but she felt perfectly comfortable and at ease with the client, and even looked forward to seeing him. He never wanted sex, yet still paid her the same regardless.

And Jason would listen in, without fail, to every single second that his wife was being taken by someone else. The surveillance system was primarily in use to safeguard the various girls from overaggressive and belligerent clients. It didn't happen often, but Jason (and/or Frank) had to burst through the door on more than one occasion throughout the years and put an immediate end to a client's roughhouse, unwanted behavior. They'd subdue them if necessary and then call the cops.

"Frank just texted me," Mila said as she and Jason continued to relax by the pool and bonfire pit. She gazed at her smartphone with one hand and continued to roast marshmallows with the other. "Lindsay was just approved for her sheriff's card and they're off to do some shopping in Oakfall. Should be back in four or five hours."

"Kaylee."

Mila's eyes narrowed and she grinned at Jason's correction. To him, it was imperative that all the ladies use their stage names. Even amongst each other. All of them except for Mila, of course. In the past, girls who didn't like each other would sometimes try to use any personal information they had about another to their advantage.

"Kaylee," she conceded, then raised a curious eyebrow. "What do you think of her?"

"If Kaylee holds up mentally and physically, she's going to make us a lot of money. In this business, girls that young and wholesome are at an absolute premium. You know that, Mila. But if she can't handle things, then she'll be like the hundreds of other girls we've had over the years who flop and leave town after a day, a week, a month. I seriously hope you know what you're doing by insisting that we offer her all that money even before her first party."

"I think Lindsay - KAYLEE - can handle the stress and demands. I know she's young and doesn't have a lot of experience, but she LOVES sex, I think, and I'm going to work with her. I'm going to teach her all that I know and have her well-prepared for anything. I'm not worried about the money - the loan - either. She'll pay us back. Trust me."

Jason grinned and shook his head. "You don't look at her the same way I do, my dear wife. Oh, I can tell. Don't think you can fool me. To me, Kaylee is a sweet girl, a good girl, but an asset. A highly sought-after asset who'll do wonders for our business." _And the type the Vegas brothels will come after like sharks and try to entice her away with big dollar signs._ "To you? Kaylee is the type of girl you've spent your entire life dreaming about." He chuckled and shook his head once more. "Not going to leave me for her now, are you?"

There it was again - Mila laughed, though it was just a short, quick burst this time. _That was funny._ Her lips, her eyes, her soul, they all smiled at him in unison. "I admit, I have a serious crush on Lindsay."

"Kaylee."

Mila nodded and snagged another kiss from her husband. "You know I've been attracted to other girls for as long as I can remember. But I've never been more attracted to another girl than KAYLEE. Ever. But hear my words, Jason Trevelle. You have nothing to worry about." She fluttered the tip of her thumb in easy, languid circles along his chin. "You are and always will be my number one."

"Yet you've forever yearned for a number two..."

Mila shrugged. There was no reason to sugarcoat or lie about it. Besides, she'd always been totally upfront and honest with Jason. In their line of work, their marriage wouldn't have lasted this long otherwise. "I love all the girls we have working here - most of the ones who've worked here in the past, too - and I've had sex with just about every single one of them. Customers pop in all the time and pick the oddest pairings for a threesome. I mean, why pick me to go with Kimmy when it should be Kimmy and Sydney? They're engaged and always deliver incredible threesomes. Remember Jessica? She and I didn't get along for the most part, but if a customer picked us for a threesome, we were suddenly best friends and lovers."

"What's your point?"

Mila sighed and momentarily blew the strands of yellow, sunrise-gold hair upon her forehead skyward. She pondered his question for a moment or two. "I've had sex with other working girls and female clients so many times that I've lost count. You know I've been attracted to girls all my life, like I said, but never have I been with one where it's truly INTIMATE. Something genuine, something special... something REAL. Like what you and I have together."

"And you think you can have this with Kaylee?"

Mila shrugged her shoulders and glanced down, hopeful. "Maybe? I can tell she's interested in me."

Jason put his finger on Mila's chin and tilted it upward so he could gaze into her eyes. "Sweetheart, Kaylee is just a kid. 18."

"So was I when you met me."

Jason groaned gently and leaned back somewhat. "You got me there. No defense for that one. I just don't want to see you get hurt, honey. I know how incredibly loving and kind you are, and I've supported your fantasy of having ANOTHER SPECIAL SOMEONE - a woman - in your life since day one. I've never told you no on that. All I ask is that you keep me in the loop and tell me everything that happens along the way."

"I will. I promise. You know that."

Jason leaned over and hugged her forehead to his shoulder. "Why don't you retire from this, baby? 12 years is a long time. I know you want to be a mother and have two children. We could start that now."

Mila pulled away and shook her head. "No. Not until our house is paid off and we have more money in the bank." Suddenly full of sadness, she pouted again. "Plus, I don't want to be away from you for three weeks at a time. I'd be so lonely. I'm afraid of being alone. You've worked these three week cycles for years."

He kissed her on the temple. "I keep telling you, we could move here to Nevada. I could work a standard shift and come home to you every night. I'd take days off each week and we could spend them TOGETHER." The problem was, Mila preferred to live close to her family in San Francisco. Brothels were only legal in Nevada, of course, so Jason just couldn't relocate his business there. Otherwise, he would.

"Mila, you're so good with your hands. Art, designs, sculpting, pottery, all that. You were born to invent. You could work from home and live in peace for once. I know all the demands here get on your nerves. Girls aren't supposed to last as long as you have in this business. 12 years is an ETERNITY." He paused and hung his head low for a moment. "I've never told you what to do. I've always supported you no matter what." He glanced up and made eye contact again. "We have plenty of money. You know we do. You don't need to..."

His words trailed off. Jason never wanted to pressure Mila into anything. He wasn't the jealous type and had no issue with her being with others sexually. This was a job and how she made an income. He knew that. It was for him, too, like how he put his hands on Lindsay during the interview yesterday. It was necessary. Jason told her that she was firm and sexy, among other things, but it was strictly business. He had no attraction for Lindsay whatsoever.

Jason's problem was that despite what she'd tell others - including Lindsay - Mila had grown to hate working here. She was hurting really bad inside. Both physically and emotionally.

Yet Mila was concerned about money. She always had been. That's why she got involved in this profession to begin with. It's why Lindsay was here.

It's why _all_ the girls were here.

And Mila felt continuing to make good money like this would provide a better future for not only her, but Jason and their children as well. Her ideal scenario would be to live in isolation and work as a sculptor - be her own boss - and have no one in her daily life except family and close friends like Frank, Abigail, and Chelsea. She'd met enough men and women over the years - done enough socializing - and didn't need that anymore.

"I'll retire in three years. I promise."

Jason bit his tongue and glanced away.

Antsy, Mila decided to change the subject. "Are you going to initiate Kaylee once she returns from her day out with Frank? You usually do with the new girls."

"Probably. Need to see what she's got." He took a long-winded breath. "It's all business, honey. You know that. I hate having sex with anyone other than you."

"Let me do it instead? I know Kaylee won't have any objections to being with me. I'll do it in a way that she doesn't even realize it's an initiation."

Jason usually gave in to Mila whenever she pleaded with him like this, but he had to hold steadfast here. "No. No way. You'll let emotion - your attraction - get in the way. I really need to see if Kaylee has what it takes to succeed here. It has to be me."

Unhappy, Mila pouted. "Okay."

"Get with her later if you two have some free time and see what happens. You know I won't object."

Still frowning, she nodded. "Why did you have to come across as so strict and businesslike yesterday when you were dealing with Lin... Kaylee? The poor girl looked scared to death during the interview. I'm glad I was there to help... offset you."
