 CHAPTER 3. "BURDENED"

Mila Trevelle stretched her arms high, let loose with a deep, drawn-out yawn, and blinked her weary eyes. Her face then darted from side-to-side and, upon recognition, a warm, knowing grin overtook her lips. The bed she'd spent the night in was bouncing and creaking in a lewd, rhythmic fashion beneath her.

"Good morning, baby," Chelsea said in a sweet, rapturous tone, shrugging her shoulders, her face scrunched up in a remorseful, yet adorable manner. "And... SORRY? We didn't mean to wake you again."

Mila rubbed away an apparent crick in the back of her neck as she gazed into the face of her dear friend. The face of one of the few people in the world that she actually trusted. Chelsea's features were ablaze with an even mixture of happiness and wanton arousal as she rode Charlie Winters' cock cowgirl-style, her toned, succulent thighs straddling his pelvis, her buxom, voluptuous breasts flopping about wildly.

Charlie showed up at Happy Ending Ranch yesterday morning while Mila was enjoying some quiet time in the backyard with her husband, Jason. An automobile executive from Detroit, Charlie chose Mila out of a lineup and admitted to being a 36-year-old virgin, and eventually booked a three hour GFE (Girlfriend Experience) party with her for $2,500 that lasted into the mid-afternoon. Mila thought Charlie was a sweet guy - a true gentleman - and bid him farewell shortly before 4:00pm. His cherry popped (obliterated, actually), he said he was going back to his hotel room in Vegas.

Lo and behold, Charlie returned last evening while Lindsay was nearing the end of her own three-hour party with Sammy. Still wound up and excited from earlier, Charlie immediately requested to see Mila and had an idea in mind.

"You were incredible earlier, sweetheart. You gave me the time of my life and made me happier than I've ever been before. Who knows what the future holds? Who knows if I'll ever be able to make it out here again?" Charlie was becoming a bit emotional - most older virgins were who came here - so Mila gripped his hand to offer some moral support.

"I drove halfway back to Vegas but thought about you the entire time. You made every fantasy I've ever had become a reality, and I needed to see you again. So, I came back. Every fantasy, that is... except one."

"What's that, baby?"

"I'd like to book an overnight party - a threesome - with you and Chelsea. Is she available?"

"I don't want you to be sorry. Don't ever be sorry." Mila had to clear the morning gravel from her throat before she spoke again. "Waking up like this is so incredibly sexy. It never gets old."

The 30-year-old reached out and twined her fingers around Chelsea's hand and squeezed lovingly, but then turned and focused on their paying customer. "What's up, Charlie? Couldn't stop yourself from enjoying Chelsea again, huh? Well, I can't blame you for that."

Charlie's body, though close to overburdened, had a profound reaction to Mila's tender licks and sweet kisses. He felt the sensations down to his very core. "I gotta fuck you one more time, Mila. At least once more." After those three hours of one-on-one bliss yesterday afternoon, Charlie had been the centerpiece of a Mila and Chelsea sandwich since 10:00pm last evening with only two hours of sleep mixed in here-and-there. It was 8:19am right now, and he had 41 minutes remaining in this threesome overnight party that set him back $25,000.

Long, specialty parties like this don't come cheap.

Mila squalled like a content, playful kitten, and trailed her tongue along his neck and collarbone, then down to his pectoral region. Boy, oh boy, Charlie had been pampered beyond belief by these two. Mila's eyes flashed with molten desire as she glanced back up at her girlfriend. "What do you say, Chels? Do _I_ get another piece of Charlie, too?"

Seeming to be lost in her own personal ecstasy (though it was all an elaborate act on her part to make their client happy), Chelsea placed both hands upon Charlie's chest and used it as a balancing point. She bounced upon his cock faster, even more furiously. "Give me a minute, baby." Chelsea's eyes, a dazzling, chocolate brown, soon closed and she lifted her chin skyward. "Just one min..."

She let out a high-pitched screech and faked either her 14th or 15th orgasm since their party began over ten hours ago. That seemed like forever and Chelsea couldn't wait for this to finally end. Still, she was quite convincing and had Charlie fooled completely.

Mila immediately rose to her knees and hugged Chelsea, then kissed the side of her head, her face, her ears, anywhere she could. These two ladies had great chemistry and they loved having threesomes with their customers. Chelsea roared out like a ferocious lioness in response, glowing and acting fully satisfied. Mila had a hand on Chelsea's ass and continued to lovingly caress her with kisses and ear nibbles.

"Oh, dear God. That felt good. So, so good." Chelsea was all smiles as her body crested downward from the height of an imaginary orgasm. Instead of focusing on Charlie, however, she then met Mila's mouth with her own for a deep, amorous kiss that included plenty of tongue action, and bumped noses with her. She had no issues making out with Mila and/or having sex with her. Charlie simply lay there watching, his heart hammering in his chest, and feeling like the King of the world. "You want your turn now, sweetheart?"

Blushing and biting her lip, Mila nodded shyly.

Chelsea dismounted Charlie and his cock, still fully erect, wobbled obscenely and pointed directly up at the ceiling. It certainly wasn't satisfied - or done - yet. Charlie knew all along that he was going to save his final load for Mila since she popped his cherry yesterday. It _had_ to be Mila. Indeed, she was going to be an integral part of his life story forever.

Chelsea rolled off to the side, changed out the condom again, and applied a generous helping of lubricant. She then snagged Mila's wrist and helped her climb atop Charlie. With her opposite hand, Chelsea then grasped his shaft and guided it toward Mila's tight, little pussy.

"Oh, wow. You're already wet." Chelsea seemed astonished as she popped the thick, flared head between Mila's tender folds. Again, this was a routine that they had practiced and then perfected together over the years countless times. "How is that possible?

"After what you and Charlie did to me overnight? The two of you rocked my world like it hasn't been rocked in a long, long time!" Mila giggled at her words as she slid down onto Charlie's cock with a hearty, pleasurable moan. She impaled herself completely, totally, gloriously... and to Charlie, it felt divine.

"Can this bed be any more defiled than it's already been in the past 10 or 11 hours?" Chelsea was giggling as well. "I mean, this bed of mine is iconic. It's seen so much action since last night... it isn't funny."

Mila leaned over and flicked her tongue across Chelsea's lips. "It's got some more miles left on it, baby. Don't worry about that."

"If we have time, once you're finished having your fun with Charlie, I'm going to lick your little pussy and make you cry out in orgasm." Mila hitched a breath of anticipation as Chelsea added, "In fact, I may even fuck you with one of my strap-on dildos, too. The black one... your favorite. Would you like that, sweetie?"

Mila nodded again, her eyes already glazed over.

"I want Charlie to watch me fuck you."

"Oh, man!"

"Thank you for everything, Charlie." Chelsea was gracious as she bent over and offered a full-fledged kiss to his lips. "Good God, lover... you really know how to make a girl feel special. I need to run off to the restroom, but I'll be back in a few minutes. I promise."

Chelsea kissed Mila again as well, then stood up and gathered her coils of honey-blonde hair atop her head momentarily before allowing them to topple back down across her shoulders. The move seemed purely innocent on her part, but Chelsea knew exactly what she was doing. To Charlie, she knew it was ridiculously sexy and would excite him even more.

Without a single stitch of clothing on, Chelsea sashayed out of the bedroom and toward the washroom that she shared with Molly just down the hallway. That _round, luscious ass,_ though, as she walked away. Charlie was spellbound.

With Mila as his sole focus (for the time being, at least), Charlie then reached out palmed her large, D-cup breasts and kneaded their perky nipples with his thumbs. They'd always been hypersensitive to the touch and that was no lie. The two temporary lovers made eye contact and smiled.

Mila then crinkled her nose and bent all the way over, and kissed him madly, deeply, possessively. "Oh, this has been awesome, Charlie." _Especially the money._ "Thank you so much for coming back last evening and booking an all-night threesome with Chelsea and me. I'm so happy. We both are. I hope you've enjoyed yourself and this is a memory that lasts until the end of time for you."

His hips bucked and churned, wanting more of Mila's pussy - all of it, honestly - as she was perched so lovely and snug atop him. "God, Mila. This has been the best 24 or so hours of my life, bar none. Without QUESTION. I don't know if I'll be able to afford it, but I'd love to come back later this year and see you again."

Mila serenaded the stubble of his cheek and chin with kisses. "Oh, I'd love that, baby. Please, please do come back. Just send me an e-mail on the website and let me know what date and time, okay? I'll be here."

Charlie grasped her waistline with both hands as she moved into an upright position. "C'mon, honey. Ride me reverse-cowgirl like you did yesterday afternoon. That's still the best orgasm I've experienced of them all." With time an issue, Charlie needed to get off in the worst way possible. "I know you said it's your favorite position. It's so sexy to watch you bounce atop me."

Mila swiveled around on command, his cock still firmly embedded within her, as he put both his legs together in a straight, rigid line. Just the way she instructed him during reverse-cowgirl yesterday. Charlie then found that round, fleshy backside and gave it a sharp, stinging smack, which caused her to yelp loudly. She leaned all the way over - away from him - and latched onto his knees.

Nearing total exhaustion, Charlie grunted and closed his eyes as Mila and that fantastic body began to bounce and vibrate upon his cock. Yet his eyes popped open just as quickly as he again zeroed in on the image of that spectacular ass suddenly stretched nice and tight before him. He slapped it three times in a row - which incited Mila further - as she rubbed her nipples against his thighs. But Charlie dared not move or twitch his hips. Yesterday, Mila informed him that she preferred he remain still, and let her do all the work herself while in this position. Oddly enough, she claimed, it provided her the utmost pleasure.

"Fuck, you're so tight." He struggled to get the words out and for a good reason. "I love my tight, little Mila. Damn, girl. That pussy feels so good. So good."

Charlie propped the back of his head up against the wooden headboard and allowed himself a clear, unobstructed view as his shaft invaded her. Lavish, golden hair shimmered down the length of Mila's back in messy, tangled waves as she continually moaned and squealed out in intense, mock passion.

"I love seeing that ass, baby. Oh, fuck yeah. C'mon, bounce on me. Bounce on me harder. Yeah, that's it. That's it. I like that. God, that ass looks so fucking good. I wanna have it for breakfast!"

"Oh, Charlie! Charlie! Oh, my God... that feels so sexy. I could ride your dick ALL DAY LONG!"

"WHAT THE FUCK?" Angry, Chelsea stomped her foot upon the floor in the nearby washroom as she glared at the text message she'd just received on her cell phone.

_Dude has spent a lot of money. Offer him 30 minutes for free and I'll make sure you and Mila are reimbursed accordingly. Want him to leave here with the best vibes possible. Always want to put good customers first. Be done by 9:30._

"Goddammit, Jason!" Chelsea then cursed out loud. There were no microphones in the washroom so fortunately, Jason didn't hear her little outburst. He wouldn't be happy if he did. "I'd like to get some sleep! I'm running on fucking fumes here!"

Of the $25,000 discounted rate that Jason agreed to for Charlie last evening, Chelsea would receive a cut of $6,250 after splitting it with Mila and the house. _That's so not fair._ Specialty parties like this were a premium, and she generally charged $1,500 an hour for them.

That doesn't include what the other lady would charge as her own fee for a threesome. Usually, if it was Mila and Chelsea, they'd charge $2,600 or $2,700 an hour as a duo and, to make it easier, split the proceeds.

Happy Ending got its equal share too, of course.

In similar situations like this in the past with other working girls, this was where Mila would run into trouble. They would become jealous and claim that of the $25,000, only $6,250 would go to them while Mila and Jason, since they were married, would pocket $18,750. That seemed unfair on the surface, but what those ladies failed to take into consideration was that a sizable chunk of that $18,750 gave them - the working girls - free room and board, three healthy meals and snacks per day, unlimited supplies, other paid expenses, and it helped provide employees such as Frank, the bartenders, chefs, and maintenance their weekly paychecks as well.

Not to mention all the other fees Jason and Mila had to pay as business owners.

Fortunately, Chelsea understood that. She knew that Jason and Mila weren't shortchanging her. They'd never do that. Still, for 11 hours (and now an extra 30 minutes), Chelsea felt she deserved more.

_I know you're exhausted and probably irritable, so I'm going to give you a $7,500 cut of the fee. That's a $1,250 bonus. I think you deserve it._

"Oh, wow." Chelsea dropped her phone into the washroom sink and exhaled a long, ragged breath after reading the text message that just came in. "And why exactly were you just bitching about Jason, hmm?" She again glanced at her reflection and shook her head, then giggled gently. "He always takes care of us." Still, Chelsea shook her head once more and let out a little whine. "I just want to get some sleep..."

She texted back.

_I'll offer him an extra 30 minutes for free._

"Hey. You and Mila doing okay?" Fresh out of bed herself, Molly stepped into the washroom and offered Chelsea a warm hug. "Overnight parties are rough. Especially when there's another girl involved."

"I'm good. Just tired and want to go to bed." Chelsea smiled as Molly kissed her on the forehead and then pulled away. "I mean, Charlie's the sweetest guy. He really is. He's one of the nicest guys I've ever met here." Chelsea exhaled a deep breath. "Charlie just has NO IDEA what he's doing in the bedroom."

"He was a 36-year-old virgin until yesterday. You gotta remember that."

"I know," Chelsea pouted at Molly. "It just... has made for a very repetitive, monotonous night. A lot of babysitting and repeating the same things."

Molly let out a sympathetic mew. "How much longer do you have to go?"

"About an hour."

"I always try to look for the good in my clients and focus on that," Molly said. "Even if it's just a cute, little dimple on their chin, I find something positive and stick to it. Never dwell on the negative. Makes the time go by so much faster."

Back in the bedroom, Charlie was unable to resist as he then sat up and pulled Mila's torso close and tight. His hands once again mashed her breasts. He felt lightheaded as she violently speared herself on his cock now, over and over, her hands covering his at her chest, and squeezing firmly. Charlie burrowed his nose upon Mila's delicate, slender neck and reveled in her feminine scent, then gathered some skin between his teeth and bit down.

Mila squealed with surprise and delight.

"You're going to suck me off now." Charlie's words were forceful and domineering as, wanting to change things up, he placed both hands upon Mila's ass and pushed her away. Off she went easily. After all, Chelsea rode him for a whole 15 minutes just a short while ago. Charlie wanted something different. "You're sucking my cock. Get on your knees... NOW." He was full of bravado and confidence, but those feelings would inevitably fade by the time Charlie made it back home to Michigan in a few days. They always did.

Mila needed no further coaxing as, after applying a fresh condom, her small, perfectly manicured hand was already gripping the base of his erection. Her lips closed quickly around it. Those eyes stayed locked with his as she transitioned from the bed down to her knees upon the floor with relative ease. Charlie stood and held onto the side of her head, ready for entrance.

"Show me what you can do with that sexy, little mouth of yours."

He tightened his dual grip and made her swallow him completely.

Mila whimpered. Charlie's knees trembled and he had to stabilize himself to keep from stumbling. Mila's hair had already fallen around her face, but Charlie used his right hand to sweep the wayward, blonde strands back over her left shoulder so he could watch his shaft pilfer and plunge, and loot what he'd paid for.

"You love the taste of my cock, don't you?" Mila moaned and nodded her head, and sucked with a wild, starved ferocity that was second nature to her after all these years. "Oh, FUCK... that feels so good!"

Soon, Mila gagged noticeably as Charlie thrust his dick back-and-forth within her mouth. He used extreme haste and vigor. The look in Mila's eyes was quite telling. They were wide and starting to tear up as she struggled to continue.

"Hi, sweetie." Chelsea reentered the bedroom and zeroed in on Charlie with a bright, cheerful smile. Buck naked and looking like a super-toned goddess from Mount Olympus, the 23-year-old hurried over to Charlie with a bounce in her step and tossed both arms around his shoulders. "So sorry I had to step away for a moment and use the restroom." She closed her mouth over his for a deep, probing kiss as Mila continued to service him on her knees. "Listen, baby. You've spent all that money and lavished us so much, made us feel so good, how would you like an extra 30 minutes for free? On the house?" Mila's eyes widened in split-second displeasure - she knew Jason was behind this and why - but quickly masked those feelings. The customer could never see anything negative.

At the same time, Charlie sighed and looked like it was his wedding day. He was so happy.

"Oh, yes. Really? Yes, thank you. I'd love that."

Chelsea kissed him again and giggled. "Is it okay if I get down on my knees next to Mila and help her suck your cock?" Chelsea let loose with a little trout-pout and added, "I'm hungry too, baby."

He chuckled profusely. "Of course!"

<> <> <> <> <>

TOPIC: KAYLEE IS A GODDESS!

From: SammySlams

Gender: M

#Posts: 2361

Kaylee is a Goddess!

Posted: July 20, 2016, 8:13am PST

Miss Kaylee is a Goddess for sure. I had the opportunity to spend some time with her at the ranch this past Tuesday night and found her to be a truly delightful girl. Kaylee is only 18, brand new to Happy Ending and the brothel scene in general, and I was her very first customer! Kaylee has a great personality, she is friendly, and has a beautiful smile that makes you want to smile back at her. I booked an hour with her and gave her everything I had! Yet she was so sweet and endearing, I had to book an additional two hours after that! I'm an old man as many of you know and was even unsure if I'd be up to the task, but Kaylee took care of me and then some. The last two hours of our party were even better than the first and culminated with us taking a hot bath and shower together. I most definitely recommend spending time with his amazing girl. All in all, Miss Kaylee is a Goddess!
