 CHAPTER 4. "CONSEQUENCES"

"Well, well, well. Lookie what we have here, will you?" Molly leaned forward and smiled while seated in one of the rocking chairs located on the back porch of the ranch. It may have only been 10:30am, but the temperature was already 94 degrees, and the forecast called for it to be 109 just past noon. _Another unbearable day in the desert._ Molly was prepared, though, as she relaxed in a colorful, two-piece bikini, and had a bottled water in hand. "You're up early, girl."

Lindsay meandered her way onto the porch wearing an oversized t-shirt, flip-flops, and nothing but a pair of panties underneath. "Yeah, yeah, yeah. Tell me about it." She'd been awake for 45 minutes and already took care of her hair and make-up. If a customer stopped by the house this early and requested to see her, all Lindsay would have to do is change into her _hooker garb_ (her term) and wait by the kitchen for Frank to give the cue to proceed to the lap dance room. Lindsay could easily switch outfits in less than three minutes if necessary and wouldn't be late for the lineup.

"That guy was a real jerk last night."

Molly motioned toward the rocking chair beside her. "Sit down, hon. You want to talk about it? I felt sorry for having to leave you with him."

Lindsay plopped herself down and frowned. "He wasn't in a very good mood from the outset, and it never improved."

"He was an asshole." Molly shrugged it off like it was no big deal. She'd dealt with her share of pricks over the years both in and out of the industry. "Don't let it affect you, okay? It's over now. My God, Kaylee. You let everything get to you here. You got paid for your time. Just let it go and move on."

"$405." Lindsay pouted and lowered her voice. "I was hoping for more like $450 or even $500."

"Fuck him!" Molly snapped. "Just fuck him! Worrying about him like this isn't worth your time."

"What if he leaves me a bad review on the website?" The thread Sammy started yesterday morning about Lindsay was up to 27 responses now and everything about it was positive. _Six customers say they want to meet and party with me because of Sammy's praise._ But if that idiot from last night - Eric - left a horrible review, would it offset all the good?

"You don't need to worry about receiving a bad review and others seeing it. Jason or Frank would take it down immediately. Even if they miss it or are busy, Jason has a webmaster who monitors the site day and night, and he removes anything negative. Every brothel in the state is like that."

"That's good to know, I guess." Lindsay was still pouting. "But what if the customer went to Frank afterward and bitched about me during the exit interview? I know he did. He had to."

Molly laughed. "Kaylee, honey, DON'T WORRY. Frank listened in during your party and knows things got off to a horrible start because of the negotiations. Frank knows what an asshole that guy was to you for the whole hour, too. Stop worrying! Jason will listen to it today once he and Mila return from their night out, I'm sure. Everything is recorded, you know, right? They're not going to hold it against you if the guy showed up in a horrible mood and then left in a horrible mood. It's not your fault. Nothing you could've done would've made him happy."

"But..."

"Were you nice to him? Did you do everything he asked you to during the party? Were you kind, attentive, gracious? Did you thank him afterward and ask him to please come visit the ranch again?" Molly shrugged her shoulders. "That's all you can do. I talked to Frank last night and he said nothing you said or did was wrong. Everything you said was right and by-the-book. You. Can't. Please. Everyone!"

Lindsay lowered her head. "I felt like a failure."

"You are NOT a failure. You're a good girl, Kaylee. You have drive, ambitions, goals; a good heart. You want to work hard, please others, and be successful at your job. And best of all, you're sweet as candy. A little baby doll. You'll go a long way in this business."

"I just don't want to get into trouble and for Jason or Mila to have any bad thoughts about me. You know I'm still the new girl here. I mean, I NEED this job."

"Fuck that guy, baby!" Molly implored. "Forget him! Jason, Frank, or even Mila won't be upset. Trust me, I've been here for YEARS. I know how they think."

"And what happens if Eric ever comes back and, God forbid, wants to party with me again?"

"Decline his ass! Turn him down, tell him no." _And after his act last night,_ Molly thought inwardly, _I doubt Jason or Frank would even let him through the front door. They'd turn him away before he even had the chance to ask for another party._

For as good of a time that she had with Sammy on Tuesday evening, last night was the complete opposite for Lindsay. She wasn't picked for the first four lineups of the day - a real bummer - but then was finally chosen during the fifth. That should've been good, of course, but the client - 26-year-old Eric from Arizona - had a real attitude from the very beginning.

With Molly chaperoning the conversation at the bar as Lindsay's fill-in Big Sister (since Mila was away for the night with her husband), Eric admitted to having a _shitty day_ and was looking forward to blowing off some steam. He was really aggressive and not pleasant to talk to, but Lindsay was intent on making some money, and she eventually agreed to escort him back to her bedroom and discuss prices.

That's where things really went downhill.

Molly took care of the negotiations, and Eric flat-out laughed when she mentioned Kaylee's (Lindsay's) prices were $1,100 an hour for a GFE. It was a high quote, yes, but also fully negotiable. Molly said $1,100 because she wanted to maximize the profit for both Lindsay and the house. Personally, she refused to sell herself for anything less than $900 for a one-hour party. Molly had her standards, lofty as they may be.

Eric said that was a rip-off and he refused to go any higher than $400. "Ain't no piece of pussy worth $1,100! I could go up north and pay $400 or $450 for the same Goddamn thing! Hell, for $1,100, I should get to fuck her in the ass, too!"

"Anal sex is not permitted here, sir," Molly responded in a cool, calm tone, though she felt angry and contentious on the inside, "and if you'd like to drive three-and-a-half or four hours north in the middle of the night to pay a lesser price, by all means... be our guest. You're more than welcome to."

"We can go lower than $1,100, baby," Lindsay advised him. She should've declined the party already but was determined to have one before it was time for bed. All the other girls in the house had at least one party throughout the day. Lindsay asked Molly to continue the negotiations. Molly agreed but then motioned for Lindsay to zip her mouth and let her do all the talking from now on.

In the end - after some fiery words from Eric - he agreed to $810 for one hour. It was only $10 above the house minimum and Molly felt like it was trying to squeeze blood out of a turnip. The issue wasn't that he was looking for the lowest price and wanted to save money - Molly never blamed a customer for that (she had bills, too) - it was the way he went about it. Eric was very rude and disrespectful, and Molly was stunned that Lindsay agreed to party with him at all.

After the dick check, payment, and the mandatory shower, Eric reentered the bedroom and found a joyful, smiling Lindsay on the edge of the bed waiting for him. She even had on a frilly, little bodice, stockings, and high-heels, and looked like an angel on a mission from Suck City. "What would you like me to do first, Eric?"

"How about get down on your FUCKING KNEES and DO YOUR JOB? Blow me, you OVERPRICED WHORE."

Lindsay flashed back to the previous day when Frank took her to the sheriff's department, and the lady behind the front desk called her a whore. She almost had an outward reaction again this time, but dropped to her knees without a word, rolled a condom onto Eric's cock, and sucked him off for the next 15 minutes.

Yet she was crying inside and felt no pleasure at all.

And eventually, Eric took all his anger and frustration out on Lindsay, bending her over the bed and fucking her as hard as he could. Again, there was no pleasure, no satisfaction for Lindsay. Her face away from him, she lay there looking like a zombie because he did nothing but continually degrade and belittle her.

She kept busy counting down the minutes until it was finally over.

"Frank was outside your room last night with his hand on the door handle for at least half that party," Molly informed her. "He was waiting for you to object to anything that guy did, tell him no, and he was going to burst in and toss his ass out of the house if he didn't listen to you. Frank was blown away that you never objected to anything that guy said or how he treated you."

"Jason says the customer is always first..."

"Not customers like THAT." Molly gave an emphatic shake of the head. "I can't even believe that you wanted to party with him in the first place. With the attitude he had during negotiations, I would've told him no. So would every other girl here... Mila included."

"I'll remember that for next time, I guess."

Molly reached over and gently squeezed Lindsay's wrist. "Did he hurt you at all?"

"No. I'm good. I'm fine." She pouted and shook her head. "I don't want to talk about him anymore."

"Good. Don't. Get him out of your mind."

"I don't know if Zelina likes me or not." Lindsay pointed way out yonder toward Zelina - a Puerto Rican bombshell - who was doing Pilates in the far corner of the yard. A fitness enthusiast if there ever was one, the 28-year-old Zelina could be found doing some sort of exercising every morning (and every evening) here in the backyard of the ranch. Unless a customer requested her. Zelina would much rather do it at the local health club or go for a nice jog around the block, but didn't want to take the chance with Sheriff Spaeth and his pack of deputy watchdogs lurking at every corner.

"I don't know what I did wrong to her. Zelina, I mean," Lindsay added. "I said hello to her this morning, and she gave me the meanest, nastiest look. I was like, what the hell? Do you know if she's mad at me? And if so, for what?"

"No idea," Molly lied.

Truth is, Zelina bitched and threw a fit at Kimmy, Sydney, Abigail, and Chelsea last evening after Eric chose Lindsay during the lineup. Molly heard about it afterward, and most assuredly, word would soon trickle down to Jason and Mila. Frank was already well aware of the situation.

"I am SICK AND TIRED of that little cunt already!" Zelina complained to the others. "18-years-old and comes in here and thinks she runs the fucking joint! Thinks every customer should choose her during every lineup like she's somehow better than us. BULLSHIT! Goes off and pouts in the corner like a child when she gets passed over! Entitled, little brat! Her mommy and daddy probably spoon-fed her and gave her everything she ever wanted until the day she moved out. Well, guess what, sister? Things aren't that way in the real world! Time to fucking GROW UP!"

"I don't think Kaylee is that bad, really," Sydney offered. "You're blowing this way out of proportion."

"She's a kid, Z," Chelsea tried to remind her. "Only 18. Everything here is all new to her, so very foreign to anything she's ever known, and I doubt Kaylee even realizes she's giving that impression. NONE of us enjoy being passed over in a lineup. Give her time. Mila said she was going to talk to her about that very thing."

"Kaylee needs to go back to wherever the hell it is that she came from - California, I guess - ask her mommy and daddy for a diaper change, and then be put back into her crib! Permanently!"

"That's a little harsh, isn't it?"

"No, it's not!" she fired back at Chelsea.

"I don't think Kaylee is going anywhere anytime soon," Kimmy chimed in. "Mila is really sweet on her. You know she controls Jason and his thoughts. He'd never send her packing unless Mila agreed to it first."

Abigail nodded. "Mila is in LOVE with Kaylee."

"Then FUCK Mila, too!" Zelina snapped. "I REFUSE to work at a house where some little 18-year-old newbie thinks she's better and more deserving than everyone else! That little cunt couldn't walk a mile in my shoes! I've been doing this job for close to a decade and never ONCE have I thought I was entitled to anything! I've fucking WORKED for everything I've ever gotten and always treated all the other working girls - especially the older ones when I was young myself - with RESPECT! That's how I've survived this long!"

"I'd leave Zelina alone for now," Molly advised Lindsay in the current time. "Don't talk to her. Who knows? Maybe she had a bad party herself last night? Just be nice, be courteous and respectful, do your thing, and everything will be fine in the end. Remember, we're all in this together. All of us. Us working girls need to support one another as best we can."

Lindsay frowned. "Because no one else will."

<> <> <> <> <>

"Good God, Mila. I love you so much. And you smell so good today." 70 miles away in the little town of Oakfall on the Nevada-Arizona border, Jason was hugging his wife from behind in a corner gift shop and stealing quick whiffs of her hair and neck at the same time. No, it wasn't sexually based or driven. Mila was the one, true love of Jason's life, and he wanted nothing more than to make her happy every single day.

And he was concerned for her right now.

"I love you, too," Mila reciprocated.

And despite the bond they shared together, their marriage wasn't all sunshine and rainbows.

"I want you to buy anything you want," he told her. Already, Mila had a mascara kit and a bag of organic white cheddar popcorn in hand. Jason was holding three refrigerator magnets and a pair of keychains that she'd selected, too. Mila had a massive collection of both and was always looking to add to them.

They'd been to the lingerie store in town as well - the same place Frank took Lindsay two days ago - and Mila dropped $450 on some sexy new looks. Back at the ranch, the 30-year-old kept a detailed spreadsheet of every outfit and lingerie set she owned, how many times she'd worn them on a day-to-day basis, and how much money she'd made by booking parties in them.

The little white minidress she wore when Charlie picked her out of the lineup two days ago gave her, according to Mila's spreadsheet, the highest probability for success. 26.79% of the time (41 out of 153 chances), Mila would get picked from a lineup wearing that dress. The next most successful outfit was a cute, little ranch hand costume Jason bought for her last year at 21.63%.

Looks could be deceiving, but Mila was a shrewd businesswoman and had learned many of these advanced, forward-thinking tactics from Jason. He'd taught her everything he knew about how to maximize her income. She wasn't the highest earner at the ranch anymore - that distinction went to the younger, shapelier Chelsea - but Mila was continually nipping at her heels. She was very serious about her job and approached it like no one else.

"You mind if I get a case of these?" Mila held up a pair of _Hello My Name Is Strawberry Cheesecake_ candy bars. Milk chocolate with strawberry cream cheese filling, these decadent bars were quite delicious (and even more pricey ($79.95 for a case of 12)).

"Get two cases," Jason told her. "I know how much you love those things. You can share some with Kimmy and Sydney like last time. They'll love you for it, too."

"Oh, you're so good to me." Mila tilted her head back-and-forth and was all smiles as she snatched two full cases from the shelf. Jason didn't particularly agree with the notion of paying $1.90 an ounce for a candy bar, but these were Mila's all-time favorite, and that's all that mattered.

Besides, together they made $20,000 from the 14-plus hours Mila spent with Charlie. There was no harm in wanting to splurge a little, was there?

Jason was so incredibly happy that he'd somehow convinced Mila to step away from the house for a while. Aside from their typical one-week break each month, Jason couldn't recall the last time Mila had been away from Happy Ending for more than 24 hours. It had to have been several years, right?

This time away started with his offer to take her and Chelsea to the hotel in Zephyr Cove yesterday morning so they could all get some sleep after the overnight party they had with Charlie. After getting a bite to eat in the afternoon, Jason talked Mila into going back to the hotel and lying down while he returned Chelsea to work. He drove right back to Zephyr Cove but made a pit stop at the local grocery store first.

Jason bought Mila a whole pineapple, a case of fresh strawberries, three bottled waters of her favorite brand, and a Glambox (a 12-compartment tray) for her many tubes of lipstick at the ranch. She needed one because the last holder she had recently broke. Right now, all her lipsticks were spread about in a drawer.

And he bought her that ice cream, too.

And once they return to work today, Mila will find 20 stems of yellow Asiatic lily flowers (her _favorite_ bouquet) waiting for her in an exquisite vase on top of the bar. Jason ordered them last evening from the local florist, and they'd already been delivered today.

Last night, though, was _all about Mila._ She was delighted at the thoughtful items Jason purchased at the grocery store and nearly melted right into the bed itself when he gave her a deep, all-out shoulder massage and finger-fed her strawberries at the same time. They cuddled for hours like newlyweds on their wedding night and spoke about many, various topics.

Jason ran off to a local Basque-style restaurant and brought her back a delicious mushroom soup and a small tray of French fries for dinner. Eventually, they transitioned to the spacious, old-world bathtub, and he gave her a full-body rubdown and massage.

But here's the kicker: nothing that happened was sexual. Jason didn't even lay a finger on her in an erotic, forward manner all night long.

He didn't even want his wife to think about sex.

At this point in time, being able to hold and cherish Mila in his arms - and remind of her how very important she was to him with constant angel kisses across her face and forehead - was far better than sex. It was superior in every form because, quite honestly - again - Jason was worried about her.

Mila would never admit to it - not in a million years - but all that time she spent with Charlie over the past two days took a piece out of her. A giant chunk. Mila was mentally and physically worn down after all these years of constant service providing, and the _last thing_ she needed was to spend 14-and-a-half hours in a 21-hour span with the same client. Especially after just getting back from their vacation to Bora Bora.

If Jason had his way, Mila would retire. She'd been a legal courtesan her entire adult life. She was great with ceramics and pottery, and often spoke in the past of one day having her own, little sculpting business on the side from home once she'd stepped away from the brothel for good. Just something to keep her busy while Jason continued to oversee and work at the ranch.

What he wouldn't give for that to happen...

They'd often talked of wanting to have two children one day in the future, too. Jason was 42 and knew he wasn't getting any younger. Neither was Mila, for that matter. He had always wanted to be a father and Mila, likewise, wanted to be a mother. She was a wonderful and caring aunt for her little nieces and nephews back home in San Francisco. Mila had loved kids her entire life and Jason knew that she'd be an excellent mother herself when the time finally came.

"There's no reason for you to keep working," he told her in a calm, considerate tone last evening. Telling her that in the past had led to some fairly nasty arguments, but Jason chose his words - and his tone - carefully. "I'd really like to start a family with you."
