 CHAPTER 5. "SAPPHIC"

Topic: Here Goes Nothing...

Private Message to: Mila_HER

From: ChazWazzle

Here Goes Nothing...

Sent: July 22, 2016, 6:14am PST

Queen Mila,

Another message from me! I swear, I won't keep bombarding you. I know you're busy and don't want to be a nuisance. But I've done a lot of research on brothels and the women who work there since last seeing you, and I'd like to apologize if anything I asked you to do was offensive or something you didn't like (same goes for Chelsea). Seems that most working ladies HATE their job and only do it for the money, and I know you've been doing this for 12 long years. We're from different ends of the spectrum; PLEASE remember this. I was a virgin until age 36, just three days ago, and wanted to try so many different things with you. I have no experience and you, I now realize, may have too much.

There's no way you can enjoy your job the way you say you do. No possible way. I saw you drink all that alcohol and read that working ladies do that during parties to cope and just survive until the end.

You must be horribly desensitized.

I'm not going to use my suction masturbator toy and think about you at night like I said I was. That was stupid of me to say and very offensive. I told you I speak without thinking at times. I'm disgusted with myself for saying that. And I'm being truthful. I won't ever think about you that way from now on.

I was just being honest in what I said to you.

That's me. Honest to a fault.

I meant what I said halfway through our first party on Tuesday. I would've been happy to lie there and snuggle, and just talk, for the rest of it. But I'm a man with urges, and I won't even have the opportunity to have sex again until I see you at the end of September. That's a long time out after what I just experienced. That's why I kept going. I was enjoying myself but now realize that maybe you weren't, and that troubles me like you wouldn't believe.

I'M NOT UPSET! You (and Chelsea) still get a 5,000 star review regardless and I still want to come back in the future. I'm serious, I just want you to be happy and comfortable. Next time, if you'd simply like to snuggle and talk (you seemed to enjoy that the most) and keep our clothes on all or most of the time, I'd be happy to do that. We don't even have to have sex! I'll still purchase as many hours as I can. Perhaps I'd pull you away from a not-nice client (you said you have many of those) who shows up later that day and treat you with class, dignity, and respect. Let that other client see someone else.

I care about you, Mila. You may not see that, or understand it, but I do.

You said you have time off coming up in three weeks and always have the freedom to go wherever you want. Please, consider visiting me in Detroit. We could be platonic friends. I know you may be apprehensive because I'm a customer, but I believe I could make you happy, Mila. You told me that you're 100% single. I wouldn't expect anything physical from you. You could come here and just relax for a few days in a new place with someone who is non-judgmental and cares deeply about you. I know you'd love visiting the Motown Museum and the riverfront. You love animals as well and would enjoy the zoo.

Do you know how awesome it would be for me to finally be able to go to these places alongside someone? Everything I do, I do alone. I told you that. People were together at my niece's wedding last weekend. People were together on the flight I was on. Me? I'm all alone.

Always.

Your company would be well more than enough for me. I wouldn't put a finger on you.

Everyone wants to be loved, Mila, and I know you do as well. I think you know that you can trust me. At least, I hope you do. I want to be loved. I want to be able to do silly things like the Beavis and Butthead dance and have fun with someone who cares about me equally. I may be all wrong - and I probably am - but I felt so close with you. I felt that there was a connection that had potential. Please don't discredit me because I'm a customer.

Jason, Frank, Chelsea, your friends Kaylee and Abigail, and all the other employees would never have to know about us. I would never do anything to jeopardize your career.

We seem like the perfect match. I want someone sweet and awesome and friendly and caring. You want someone who won't judge you and someone who really wants to care about you and treat you the way you deserve. All working ladies want that, right? You mentioned to me that true love has always ran away from you because of your profession.

I'm here right, Mila. And I want to run to you, not away from you.

I'm not asking you to do anything but consider my offer. This can be done in small, incremental steps, and I'd never pressure you. That's why I'd like you to visit me first. I imagine you've been searching for love for quite a while - just like I have - and I think I can give it to you. Will I need to change things about myself, improve myself? Yes, I will. And, I will. I promise. I'll do it for you.

Keep your job at the brothel, continue to save money for your future. I have no issue with you working there. If everything pans out, I'd quit my job and move to Nevada so you and I could be together full-time. I'd do it in a heartbeat.

I'm going to shut up about you visiting me now and won't mention it again unless you do. I just think there is an opportunity for us. I may be wrong; you may feel very differently. I can handle it if you do. You're not going to hurt my feelings as long as whatever you say is the truth.

I will pull myself back if you're not interested. Please don't take this the wrong way and never want to see me again. You're so special. I'll still come to Flagstone if that's all you allow, and I'll treat you a million times better next time. I'll want you to relax and feel safe, and have an experience like one you've never had with a customer. Lunch, cuddle, and talk. I enjoyed all the sex we've had - I freely admit that - but I enjoy YOU more.

PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE, don't push yourself away from me if you don't like what I'm saying or offering. It would destroy me. Brothel Mila is better than no Mila. Again, being honest - that's what I am - I want Mila's heart to be mine if she'll allow me to have it. I will cherish it, worship it, and always defend it. I want to give Mila (you) what I know she's always been yearning for.

If the Queen affords me that opportunity...

Please consider it.

If not, I'll never mention it again.

Love, Charlie

---------

"OH. MY. GODDDDD." Chelsea's brown eyes were wide and set to burst as she stared at the laptop monitor in front of her. "WOWWWWW..." She then turned and focused on Mila, who was seated next to her in the game room downstairs, mortified. "I told you last night, girl, that Charlie dude is a creeper! He sent you _12 e-mails_ in less than 36 hours before you even responded to him once." She glanced at the private message on Mila's Happy Ending account one more time. "Wow. He's OBSESSED with you."

"I can't see Charlie again. Ever." Mila felt sick to her stomach and was actually terrified beyond belief an hour ago - scared for her personal safety - once she initially read that e-mail from Charlie Winters, the customer she'd spent well over 14 hours with this week. Some women in this industry had stalkers, and she surely didn't want to be one of them. "I have no issues connecting with a client on a personal level, but it makes me really nervous when they ask to see me outside of work."

Chelsea still couldn't believe her eyes. "I'd be scared shitless if some customer sent that to me."

The expectations for all customers are to realize that a working girl's professional and private lives are to be kept separate. That's why exchanging personal information is against house rules. Not just at Happy Ending Ranch, but at every brothel in Nevada, period. No house would ever allow it.

The idea behind visiting a brothel is that it's an adult playground where a customer can live out a fantasy. The client can lose his or her virginity in a safe environment, for example, where they won't be judged or ridiculed. Or, perhaps a married man who has been with his wife for anywhere from 10 to 50 years can come to one and spice things up, and add a little excitement to his routine, boring life. Maybe a married couple wants to try a wild, crazy adventure, and enjoy a threesome.

Brothels are _not_ where you to go to find your next girlfriend or wife (although admittingly, that has happened before (in rare cases)).

As for Mila, if someone ever wanted a relationship with her outside of Happy Ending's walls - even ignoring the fact that she was married to Jason and would never leave him for _anyone_ - she would cut all relations with the client instantly. Without question. Or a second thought.

And she would never reconsider changing her mind.

"I've NEVER seen a trick come onto a working girl quite this hard and heavy before." Chelsea shook her head in disbelief and squeezed Mila's wrist. "Wow. I think I have it bad with Joe - that fat-ass who comes to see me every month and talks about marriage, even though he doesn't really mean it - but he ain't got NOTHIN' on this guy. Charlie just picked you out of a lineup THREE DAYS ago! He didn't even know you EXISTED until then. And now, just three days later, he sends you THIS? He must be really fucking hard-up and lonely. Clearly mentally deranged, too. You're the first girl who was ever nice to him, I bet, and he already thinks you should drop everything and go visit him. Probably marry him, too. Wow... SOME PEOPLE."

Mila dealt with highly vulnerable men - frequently older virgins just like Charlie - on a fairly regular basis. Not defending Charlie, mind you, but Mila was an expert at drawing them in and distorting the line between fantasy and reality. These men generally do not have the experience or know-how to realize that there is even a line to begin with. Everything gets blurred, and they wind up with irrational thoughts and ideas and, worst of all, expectations.

It is Mila's job as a provider to make her clients feel love, to feel special and cared for, but customers also need to realize that they are paying for an intimate service. It isn't real. And once the session is over - whether it lasts 30 minutes, an hour, or even 14-and-a-half hours - it is _over._ It doesn't keep going once the customer exits the house and leaves in his or her car.

Sure, Mila kept in contact with many of her regulars through the website - like most of the others did - but that didn't mean she wanted anything to do with them in the real world. Her sole purpose in being active on the bulletin board was to help promote Happy Ending Ranch - she was the co-owner alongside her husband, remember - and, of course, attract new and returning clients alike for herself.

"What did Jason say? I imagine you told him?"

"Jason was FURIOUS. I've never seen him so mad. Not at me, obviously, but at Charlie." Still distraught, Mila's eyes were glazed over as she shook her head. "He suspended Charlie's account on the website and sent a scathing message to his personal e-mail. Said Charlie is never allowed back in the brothel, and if he ever comes here again, Jason will call the police on him for both trespassing and stalking. Told Charlie that it's okay to come to a brothel and expect to be pampered and taken care of, but he also needs to respect the sex workers enough not to ask us for things we cannot or do not want to give him."

Mila was still flabbergasted. "Jason said he may even talk to Officer Samples at the sheriff's department - the only cop in town who doesn't hate us - and see about filing a report. Not to get Charlie in trouble, but just to let them - the police - know about it. Have it on record if Charlie ever comes back."

"Officer Samples? Jim?" Chelsea giggled. "I just partied with him two weeks ago. Cute guy."

"Yeah, Jim."

Chelsea took a deep breath. "I remember what Sammy Rhodes told me when I had my first party with him three years ago. I was only 20 and still new to the business. Sammy said visiting a brothel, to him, is SPORT-FUCKING. A hobby. Nothing more than a fantasy. Sammy compared it to picking up a chick in a bar for a one-night stand. He said he LOVES coming to brothels, but he loves his wife more."

"I wish all of our customers were like Sammy. He GETS IT. All the other old-timers do, too." Frustrated, Mila ran both hands through her hair and sighed. "I'm glad the brothel is always under airtight-lockdown. I'm going to be scared to death for the next couple of days. I mean, Charlie told me he wasn't going home to Detroit until Sunday morning. That's two days away. To know that he is so close - in Vegas - and still OUT THERE..."

Granted, Mila twisted the truth a little bit when she was entertaining Charlie in recent days. She told him that she was single and still looking for love. But Mila is a working girl and that's her right. After all, it's supposed to be a _fantasy,_ and _nothing_ should be taken seriously. Mila always figured that if she told clients that she was happily married, it would take away from their fantasy and overall enjoyment, and hurt any chances of having repeat business with them.

Jason actually encouraged Mila years ago to never tell a client that she was married. Or even had a boyfriend. He says the same thing to all his employees. Sure, some of the hardcore regulars who'd been coming here for years - like Sammy - knew that Mila was married to Jason. But every single one of them respected both Mila and Jason enough to never go onto the bulletin board (or anywhere else, for that matter) and blab to the masses.

No customer, for example, knows that Chelsea has a fiancée back home in Florida. She simply tells anyone who asks that she is single and very happy. "It's impossible to have a real relationship working in a brothel. I tried, but eventually gave up. Maybe when I retire from the business, I'll find someone then. Besides, I don't need a boyfriend right now. I get all the action I could ever want and need here at work."

If Joe - the guy who was here this past Monday and visits Chelsea every four to five weeks - knew that she was engaged, she feared he'd never want to be with her again. Joe annoyed her sometimes, sure, but he was an extra, relatively easy $500 on Chelsea's paycheck each month (and a $50 Amazon gift card to boot).

Why would she give that up by telling the truth? It wasn't even her job to tell the truth. Besides, Chelsea believed that no customer had the right to know anything about her private life, anyway. Quite simply, it was none of their business.

And how many of them had lied to her over the years about their own private lives?

On the other hand, she didn't care if they lied. It made no difference to her whatsoever.

Mila felt the same, exact way.

Chelsea hugged Mila and kissed her on the forehead. "Jason won't let anything bad happen to you, sweetie. You know that. Not only are you perfectly safe in this house, but you're safe wherever you go because Jason is always there to protect you. I love my fiancée, Jay, but even I must admit that you really hit the jackpot with Jason. He's like... the perfect guy for you. You know that, right? You're safe with him."

"Yes, I know." Mila wiped tears away from her eyes. "I just get really scared when customers act this way." She frowned and added, "I hope Charlie doesn't come after you, too. You were with us for what... 11 hours?"

Chelsea giggled. "Oh, I don't think you need to worry about me. Charlie has no real interest in me. I knew that right away. He just wanted me there to say he had a threesome." _And maybe watch you, the sudden love of his life, play around with another woman. Is there a man alive who doesn't want to watch his hopeful bride-to-be (or wife) lick pussy?_

_Ugh... I'm glad I didn't say that out loud._

<> <> <> <> <>

"Dammit!" Upset, Lindsay Delacroix bounced her smartphone off the bed and growled. "Why isn't he responding to me?" She bit her lip and her head trembled in displeasure.

It was Friday evening and Lindsay, cooped-up in her bedroom, was still serving her two-day suspension. The young woman was angry and irritable because the lineup buzzer had been going off all day, it seemed, and she was missing out on a lot of potential clients.

_Even if I just had two parties today or tonight at the house minimum, that'd be $800 profit for me, not including tips. How am I going to afford to buy a car at this rate? There's no way in hell I'm staying at the fucking Twin Tops Motel down the street during my whole week off from work in two-and-a-half weeks. I'd be all alone and would go insane. I want to have a CAR and go someplace, probably Vegas. I want to hit The Strip and meet new and exciting people! Maybe hang out with some hot guys..._

Being suspended was one thing (and Lindsay felt she didn't do anything to warrant it, by the way), but not yet having received a response back from Sammy Rhodes after that emotional, heartfelt e-mail that she sent him yesterday afternoon was even worse.

_I wrote him over 24 hours ago!_

Lindsay picked up her smartphone and again refreshed her mailbox. "Where ARE you?" She then slammed her phone back down onto the mattress.

Speaking of someone with irrational and erratic thoughts, Lindsay had taken a serious liking toward her first-ever client - Sammy - and had been waiting for an answer from him since yesterday afternoon. Never mind the fact that there was a 40-year age difference between them and that he was married and lived 330 miles away in Salt Lake City, but Lindsay felt that she was honestly in love with the man.

Sammy fucked her so _long and hard_ three nights ago - like a real man should - and of course, there was the underlying fantasy Lindsay always had about being with a far more experienced, domineering man. Someone who would fuck her without rhyme or reason, but also someone that she felt 100% comfortable and at ease with. Someone who, at the end of the day, Lindsay knew loved her equally in return.

No matter how much he ravaged her body.

In-between their bouts of passionate lovemaking on Tuesday night, Lindsay and Sammy cuddled and talked on the bed or in the bathtub, or she simply sat on his lap, and they kissed and made out. He even gave her lessons on how to properly give a blowjob and what men enjoyed most out of them.

Those were the most _amazing_ three hours of Lindsay's young life, bar none. Being with Sammy struck about every nerve ending and chord in her body. It set her senses ablaze and her heart gushing with love.

Even alone and lost in her daydreams, Lindsay began to think about more specific terms, and blushed.

_I've always had the fantasy of having a Daddy Dom. A much older, kind, benevolent, caring man who would protect me, guide me, shower with me with love and affection... but also put me over his knee for a harsh spanking and fuck the holy hell out of me whenever he saw fit. I'd never say no or resist. I'd be at his beck and call... 24 hours a day._

Aroused, Lindsay slipped a hand into her purple, G-string panties and began diddling her clit with a pair of fingers. Oh, that feels good. She let out a tiny mew and whispered, "Please write me back, Sammy. PLEASE." The speed of her fingers soon increased, and then, with her opposite hand, she reached for her trusty, steel-encased dildo and licked her lips in anticipation...

<> <> <> <> <>

Still feeling unsettled an hour later, Mila put on a happy face as she sashayed out to the main lobby in her stiletto high-heels at 7:20pm. Business had been quite good today at the ranch, though she hadn't had any parties of her own to speak of yet. Hopefully, that would soon change.

Making money was never a bad thing.
