 CHAPTER 6. "SUPREMACY"

Saturday morning, Lindsay was already in the bar by 9:40am and chatting up a storm with Frank. She had trouble sleeping, especially with Mila's naked body pressed so tightly to hers while also thinking about all the intimacy they'd shared overnight. Yet she wasn't tired. Lindsay was on fire and riding a massive wave of adrenaline, going on and on to Frank about her family, hiking, cats, dogs, pet rabbits, parakeets, and (of course) her newfound sapphic bliss with Mila.

"Frank, I never knew sex could be that good! Last night, it was... it was... incredible!" She perked up even more and ended, "INCREDIBLY INCREDIBLE!"

"I'm glad you and Mila hit it off, hon. I've never seen Mila act the way around another girl like she does you. You get in good with her, and you're going to be golden for however long you decide to work here. Mila will take care of you like you wouldn't believe." _She already has taken care of you, in fact. If not for her, Jason would've fired you two days ago._

_You're not aware of that, are you?_

Lindsay bit her lower lip at just a few of the memories from last evening. _Mila said my pussy belongs to her now and she'll never let go of it._

"What about Jason, though?" The mere mention of his name was enough to intimidate the hell out of Lindsay. "I mean, I'd like to be in his good graces, too." _Actually, I'd like to be squished between Jason and Mila in bed every night for the rest of eternity. That's what I want._ "But I don't know if... if he even likes me." _I haven't been on my best behavior around the house this week, and I know he's pissed off about it._

Frank chuckled. "Just do your job, hon - do it well - keep your head down and stay out of trouble. Jason will come to like you in time, ESPECIALLY since you have something special going on with Mila. Jason may not be the most talkative and outgoing guy behind the scenes. Trust me, though. Mila is his kryptonite."

The brothel had two thick, reinforced doors at its front entrance. Precisely at 10:00am, Frank opened the inner door and then the outer, and found a man in his mid-to-late twenties waiting on the other side. A potential customer? He had a very casual, button-up shirt on, cargo shorts, and flip-flops. Clearly nervous, the young man adjusted his wire-rimmed glasses upon his face and extended his hand toward Frank. The two exchanged pleasantries and, after an ID/age check, Frank invited him into the house and locked the inner door behind them.

When the brothel was closed from 3:00am to 10:00am each morning, the outer door was always locked. That way, no one had access to the doorbell. In the past, people would spam it repeatedly overnight just to be a royal pain in the ass. In 2007, though, Jason had the second door installed so all the employees left inside could finally sleep in peace.

"Hi there!" Lindsay, her suspension served, was all smiles as the early-bird customer gawked at her and nearly stumbled over his own two feet while coming closer. "What's up, baby? I'm Kaylee. So nice to meet you! Where are you from?" If this were the real world, this guy wouldn't be Lindsay's type at all. She envisioned the man - Kevin turned out to be his name - as a keyboard-crusher who worked in a corner cubicle for far too many hours each week.

_I like my men bigger, stronger, older... and VERY ASSERTIVE._

But this was a brothel and things were different here, and it was Lindsay's job not to discriminate or judge. Her job, obviously, was to be a pleasure and orgasm specialist who had very little to no standards.

Lindsay wasn't even necessarily ready for work yet this early in the morning. She hadn't bothered to dry her hair from that long, relaxing shower when she first came out to talk to Frank 20 minutes ago. It was mostly dry now but looked frazzled. Her mascara still needed to be touched up, and she was wearing a red t-shirt that went all the way down to her knees. It had a Mickey Mouse logo on it and was on loan from Chelsea.

Yet the trick - Kevin - didn't seem to mind. He was fascinated with Lindsay as they spoke and got to know each other over the next 25 minutes. She was overly kind and amicable and hung on his every word just like Mila trained her to do. Kevin was 25, from Cloud City, Kansas, and was hoping to get back in the dating game after a recent long-term relationship went south. He wanted to rebuild his confidence and was looking at enjoying three or four parties with different ladies today, and maybe even more tomorrow.

Kevin flew into Las Vegas from Kansas City last evening and drove straight to Flagstone. He was staying at the Twin Tops Motel just down the street until tomorrow, then would drive back to Vegas and spend a few days at the Golden Raven Casino Resort & Spa on The Strip before returning home. Kevin was looking forward to the big city and what it had to offer but admitted that the main reason he came to Nevada was to visit Happy Ending Ranch.

"There's nothing wrong with that, sweetie," Lindsay advised him. "I'm so glad you're here right now and keeping me company. I'm enjoying this discussion."

Sensing that a party between the two may be imminent, Frank ventured elsewhere in the house and went to see if any of the other ladies were awake. Lindsay was still in training and although she could clearly handle herself when it came to conversation - as evidenced by the way she sweet-talked and charmed this guy - Frank still wanted someone else to do the negotiating for her. In a couple of days and with a little more training, she'd then be on her own.

Unfortunately, Mila (Lindsay's designated Big Sister) was still sleeping. They were up until 5:00am ravishing each other's bodies last evening. Frank would only wake Mila up if he couldn't find someone else.

"I was thinking of maybe asking for a lineup."

"It's too early for a lineup, baby," Lindsay told Kevin. _Baby_ was a common word in the brothel and almost every working girl called their customers that. Heck, they even called _each other_ that. "Management usually doesn't start calling lineups until 11:30 or noon because a lot of times, we like to sleep in." She pointed toward one of the LCD monitors behind the bar. "All of the girls who are here now, their pictures and profiles scroll on that screen continuously. Hmm... Mila, Kimmy, Sydney, Abigail, Zelina, Molly, and Chelsea are all available. Me, too. If you see one you like, let Frank know, and he can go wake her up for you."

_You better pick me, though. I've been talking to you for a half-hour and I'd like to be paid for it. Otherwise, I'd be back in bed right now cuddling with MILA._

"That's okay, Kaylee. I can have a lineup later. I plan to be here off-and-on throughout the day as it is." Kevin took a deep breath and mustered the courage to say, "Right now, I think I want to be with you."

"Yeah?" Lindsay was full of sweetness as she reached out and nudged the bulge in his cargo shorts with a pair of fingertips. "That's good because I want to be with you too, baby. I think we could have a lot of fun together. Wouldn't you agree?" Then she pecked him on the cheek and really began to turn up the heat.

Mila had taught her some good flirting techniques to ultimately hook a customer.

With Kevin, the most effective seemed to be the solitary dance. Lindsay bumped and ground her body in tune with the music playing while seated at the bar on three occasions. Hair flips, head tosses, long, all-encompassing stares, and plenty of playful banter, she was waving her magic wand and drawing Kevin even deeper into her spell. Lindsay positioned herself so that either her knee or foot were touching him at all times - displaying interest - and even hung off him at one point during an extreme bout of laughter.

Frank reappeared and had Sydney, who still looked half-asleep, trudging along behind him. Even so, Sydney was dressed in a little, gray tank-top and a pair of denim, hip-hugging shorts. At least she looked presentable. Sydney took a seat at the far end of the bar and struck up a conversation with Frank, but Lindsay knew the real reason why she was present.

To negotiate for her.

After some more back-and-forth flirting, Lindsay asked Kevin if he wanted to go to her bedroom and talk about a potential party. He was interested, of course, and had no objections when she explained that Sydney would be accompanying them just for the negotiations. "This is my first week, and they still don't trust me to do the right thing yet," Lindsay said with a sheepish grin. "Sydney is going to do most of the talking for me."

Kevin wanted an hour-long GFE and bartering took less than 30 seconds. Sydney asked for $1,000 and they settled on $900. After the dick check and payment, Sydney returned to her bedroom (so she could snuggle with Kimmy, of course), and Lindsay pointed Kevin toward the trucker's shower down the hall. Before he went in, however, he had something to say first.

"You look just like a girl I used to know in high school - Alexa Matthews. I had the biggest crush on her back in the day, but she never even gave me the time of day. I was no one to her." He sighed and shook his head. "God, she was so fucking hot."

"Oh, you poor thing. Girls can be so cruel sometimes." Lindsay rubbed her hand across his chest and acted full of sympathy. "Alexa didn't know what she was missing!" Lindsay then leaned upward and kissed him on the cheek once more. "Have you seen Alexa at all in recent years? Maybe know whatever became of her?"

"Haven't seen her, but a buddy of mine - Ryker - told me that Alexa got married at 19 and had a kid last December. She's either 24 or 25 now." Kevin still seemed full of remorse. "Married some well-off doctor, I guess. Apparently, they live just outside of Kansas City, and she's very happy with him."

_Probably because he has money_, Lindsay thought.

Lindsay got Kevin to open up a bit more and learned that, back in the day, his high school crush was the captain of the cheerleading squad and Homecoming Queen. He wasn't alone in his thoughts because every guy in the entire school, he explained, lusted after her nonstop. Yet she never seemed interested in dating.

"Damn, I was so in love with Alexa and you... you look... JUST LIKE HER when she was your age. I used to go to football and basketball games JUST so I could stare at her as she cheered on the sidelines."

Lindsay smiled softly. "I have an idea, baby, if you're interested. I have a cheerleader's uniform in my room and maybe I could put it on for you?"

His eyes quickly glazed over with lust. "Yes. Yes, I'd like that."

"And I want you to call me Alexa when I'm sucking your cock and you're fucking me. I want you to think about Alexa - pretend I'm her - for the whole hour. You'll be fucking Alexa, not me." Lindsay's smile went wider. "I won't charge you any extra for the roleplay."

_Did Kevin just cum in his shorts?_ Not quite, but Lindsay giggled at his animated reaction regardless. Mila told her time and time again this week that she had all the power here as a working girl - not the trick - and Lindsay was just now starting to realize that.

_I have the pussy. *I* make the rules!_

"I'm going to apologize over and over for ignoring you in high school," she told him, "and continually beg you to fuck me harder so we can make up for lost time. If you want, you can even put me over your knee and spank me for being such a heartless bitch toward you."

"I'm taking that shower now!"

The hour-long GFE with Kevin was fun and chock-full of energy. Lindsay definitely gave the client his money's worth and let him live out a personal fantasy of sorts. (Frank, by the way, praised her afterward for coming up with the cheerleader thing on the fly and agreeing to roleplay as a different person.)

When it was over, Lindsay walked away with a $450 net and Kevin even tipped her an additional $20 in cash. That was considerate and thoughtful, of course, but Lindsay wished it was a gift card instead because she had to split any cash tips with the house. Gift cards, on the other hand, were all hers.

Though there was a protective covering over the mattress, the bedsheets and linens still got messy with plenty of cum and lube stains, so Lindsay had to take them over to the laundry room. Fortunately, there were a total of five different linen sets in her closet that she could cycle through as needed.

Lindsay changed back into the Mickey Mouse t-shirt and kept Kevin company at the bar until he asked for a lineup at 12:15pm. That was good because Lindsay was about to tell him that she had to step away and prepare for her next appointment. She and Mila had a two-girl party scheduled at 1:00pm with HeavyD9116, a black gentleman whose real name was Darius, from Happy Ending's website and message board.

While Kevin chose Molly from the lineup and eventually busted his nuts in her for round two, Lindsay hooked up with Mila for a quick talk and then took an even quicker shower. Lindsay was going to change into a violet tapestry bustier that she'd been dying to try on, but Mila suggested the strapless white corset with the sweetheart neckline, all-over boning, and lace-up back.

"I know Darius well. He loves his women in lingerie and, because he's black, he wants us as white as can be. Remember, honey. It's all about the customer and their happiness. Not what we want or like." Thus, Mila instructed Lindsay to also wear a white G-string and matching fishnet stockings, along with her two-inch stilettos.

"How can you wear those shoes and still walk around?" In addition to the four-inch spiked heels, Mila's clear stripper shoes also had three-inch platforms. Lindsay appeared incredulous as Mila slipped them on and moved about effortlessly in her see-through white bodice, G-string, thigh-high stockings, and garter belt. "You look like an Amazon with those things on!"

"It just takes practice, baby. We'll get you some platform shoes like this eventually - with four- or five-inch heels - and you can work on getting comfortable in them. It'll take time. Most guys really have a fetish for high-heels - even if they don't realize it - because they accentuate our legs and butt like you wouldn't believe." Mila giggled and leaned over, then groped Lindsay's backside. "Not that your cute, little ass needs any improving, though."

Frank came back at 12:50pm and told the two ladies that Darius had just arrived and was waiting for them in the parlor. Mila then explained to Lindsay that she wanted them both to use dental dams during the upcoming party for any sort of cunnilingus.

"But I hate dental dams!" she whined.

"Do it for me," Mila pleaded. "If Darius wants to go down on you - which I know he will - you're going to make me look REALLY BAD if you let him do it without a dental dam. Because there's NO WAY I'm letting a customer eat me out without one." Mila looked deep into her eyes and murmured, "Please do it for me?"

"Does that mean I have to use a dental dam on you, too?" Lindsay had spent a good chunk of the prior 16 hours getting very up-close and intimate with Mila's body, specifically her pussy. To her, that pussy was like a narcotic, and she was already a crazed addict. Lindsay spent an hour on it straight at one point and even brought Mila to a legitimate orgasm. That was, believe it or not, the happiest moment of Lindsay's young life thus far. _I made Mila Trevelle orgasm!_ "You said Darius will want us to fuck each other, too."

"I have no problem foregoing the use of dental dams when you and I are together, honey. Just you and I." _Actually, I do, but you're so damn irresistible and sweet, I can't tell you no._ "But if we're with a customer in a threesome or even a foursome, I want you - us - to use them. Okay? Can you do that for me? Please?"

Lindsay pouted. "Okay."

"After we're done with Darius, I'm going to spend a couple of hours with Jason. You know I love you, baby, but I love my husband too, and you and I spent nine or ten hours fucking each other in bed last night. I don't want Jason to think that I forgot about him."

Lindsay nodded. "Okay. Maybe I can have another party or two before dinnertime?"

"How was the party you had this morning? Frank said you played dress-up for it?"

Lindsay smiled. "Kevin? He told me it was the greatest sex of his life. I pretended to be a cheerleader he used to know in high school, an all-time crush of his. I had Kevin call me Alexa from start to finish - her name, I guess - and even put on a cheerleader outfit. He said I looked just like her. I... blew his mind."

Mila chuckled. "Wow, that's awesome."

"You've told me all week to always listen to the customer and don't be afraid to be creative. Clearly, fucking this Alexa chick is his biggest fantasy."

Moments later, Mila and Lindsay went out to the parlor and found HeavyD9116 - Darius - at a small, circular table just away from the bar. Mila ran over and gave him a hug to renew acquaintances, then Lindsay did the same but also took things a step further. She plopped herself right onto his lap and hooked an arm around his shoulder like they'd been best friends and lovers for years, then began chatting away.

Back home in boring, little Citronelle, the only time Lindsay usually ever saw people that she didn't know was on television. But since she'd come to Flagstone, they were out and about, and Lindsay had met more new and intriguing people this week than ever before.

Just in the brothel itself, even.

Darius was a good-looking black man with an attractive frame and dark, piercing eyes. Lindsay had never even thought about being with a black man sexually before - mostly because she'd hadn't met one until now - but something in her really, truly wanted to fuck him. Whether it was a case of jungle fever or not, Lindsay hoped they'd hit it off, and settle on a fair price for everyone involved.

Mila felt quite relaxed, actually, and thought Lindsay looked right at home in the arms of a muscular, assertive black stallion like Darius. _I could see her wanting this long-term._ She was so small and fragile, yet Darius was nearly two-and-a-half times her size. The contrast of their skin tones was sensuality at its most extreme. Of course, Darius was enjoying himself, too. He played with Lindsay's blonde ponytail and felt up various parts of her body, and even slipped a hand beneath the front of her G-string panties.

Ultimately, Darius agreed to pay $2,200 for an hour-long GFE with both ladies.

Lindsay's body was supercharged with erotic electricity as Mila and Darius started things off by groping and kissing her at the same time.

Mila then took a brief respite and watched Lindsay and Darius work each other over. _It should be criminal that two people can look THIS GOOD together._ Lindsay was clearly aroused and had made several comments already about having sex with a black man. She even mewed and moaned as he tore down the front of her bodice and fed on her humble breasts like a starving animal. Lindsay held Darius' bald, shaven head in her hands, and seemed to be barely staying afloat in a hot, swirling sea of ecstasy.

Soon enough, the ladies teamed up on Darius. Lindsay found herself mesmerized several times as she watched Mila's blonde head and pretty face bob up-and-down on that cock. It's not as long as Sammy's, Lindsay thought, but it's much, much thicker. Of course, Mila was willing to share, so Lindsay took her turns sucking him off as well.

Again, Mila pulled back and smiled at the sight when she had the opportunity. Lindsay had come a long way just this week alone with her lovemaking skills. This was her fourth client already. She'd participated in an all-night lesbian bash, and spent hours upon hours honing her cocksucking technique with her favorite fruit - bananas - and her steel dildo.

Even so, Lindsay struggled mightily to fit the unforgiving girth of Darius' dick into her mouth. She continued to mew and moan, and seemed to get off on the challenge. Mila was more than to happy provide her whatever advice she could, and continually splayed gentle, encouraging kisses along her cheekbones.
