 CHAPTER 7. "SUFFERING"

Lindsay's bare feet were perched upon the coffee table as she balanced a laptop on her thighs and her fingers furiously typed away on its keyboard. She was putting the finishing touches on her latest e-mail to her ultimate man-crush, Sammy Rhodes. They had gotten into a back-and-forth earlier today and exchanged several private, steamy messages.

"Hey!" Kimmy, literally appearing out of nowhere, took a seat beside Lindsay on the sofa and offered a bright, glittering smile. Kimmy always looked so happy, so carefree, and often spread a deep, infectious warmth to those around her.

"Hey, yourself." Lindsay saved the latest draft of her message and closed the laptop, not wanting Kimmy (or anyone else in the house, for that matter) to know that she was making plans to convene with a client two weeks from now in Utah. Sammy was clearly interested according to his responses -- no doubt -- and Lindsay was determined to make their meetup a reality.

"Whatcha doin', Kaylee? Baby boo?" Wearing a white tank-top and a knee-length green skirt, Kimmy had a smile on her pristine, lovely face as she reached out and rubbed Lindsay's knee in a flirtatious manner.

"Umm... just trying to answer all my e-mails on the website and add to the public discussions. Get myself and my brand out there, as Frank says." That was a lie. Aside from the e-mail system, Lindsay had barely even touched the website at all today. Her sole focus was Sammy and trying to hammer out the details for their secret, upcoming rendezvous in Salt Lake City. It promised to be epic. "What do you want?"

"Just wanna hang out with you!" Kimmy's brown hair was piled loosely on top of her head, highlighting the lush, gentle curves of her neck. "Just got back from the bar in Zephyr Cove. I was hanging out with Sydney and Frank. We had a great time!"

"Is that where you've been? On a Sunday?" _You sure are a pretty girl, Kimmy. Customers must have the time of their lives when they have you and Sydney in a threesome. Maybe I'll get to experience that one day myself in the future? That would be nice..._ 

"Sundays are usually pretty slow around here. Customers seem to blow their wads on us on Saturdays." Kimmy lifted her shoulders in a shrug. "Monday is always a good bounce-back day. I don't know why. You did party for four hours yesterday, right? That's an awesome Saturday." Kimmy tried to pry open the laptop and get a peek at what Lindsay had been working on.

"What's wrong with you?" Upset, Lindsay clutched the laptop to her chest and held it tight. _I can't let anyone see my messages to Sammy._

"I don't know! I missed you today. You're my favorite working girl! Other than Sydney, of course." Kimmy, clearly not her usual self, put her elbow on the sofa and propped her head up. She was laughing, and Lindsay was staring at her with confusion in return. "I thought I'd come downstairs and hang out with you."

"You MISSED me?" Lindsay's tone was incredulous.

"Yes!" Kimmy was chomping on some bubblegum and seemed to be in way too good of a mood.

"Okay..."

"Why didn't you go out with us? I'm sure you could use some time away from the house."

"You're wasted." Yes, it was true. Lindsay realized that Kimmy was stone-cold drunk.

"I'm... WHAT? NO!"

"Look at you." Kimmy glared back at her with narrow eyes as Lindsay added, "Yeah... just go to your room. You need to lay down and rest."

_I guess you have no idea what happened with Zelina earlier, huh? Oh, trust me. You will..._

"No, no," Kimmy protested. "I wanna hang out with you! I love you, Kaylee. You're so freaking hot." Lindsay tried to back away on the sofa, but Kimmy latched onto her wrist and actually reeled her closer. "Hey, you know what? You should come hang out with me and Sydney next time we leave the house."

"No, I think I'll pass." Lindsay knew both ladies had a wild reputation and feared that they'd somehow get her drunk, too. She'd never taken a sip of alcohol in her life and, only 18, wasn't even allowed to by law yet. _I don't need to get arrested by Sheriff Spaeth or any other Nevada lawman._

"Sydney and I could show you a good time. You need to loosen up, baby." A beaming smile on her lips, Kimmy ran her index finger along Lindsay's thigh. "Didn't you say that you wanted to get away from your mommy and daddy in California and live your own life?

Lindsay didn't want to be rude, but Kimmy was really starting to make her feel uncomfortable. "All right. I'm gonna try and finish my work on the computer." Throughout her first week on the job, she'd gotten along just fine with Kimmy and her fiancée, Sydney. It's just that right now, Kimmy came across as too forceful in her inebriated state. "Go lay down."

"NO! I wanna hang out with... what are you doing on the Internet?"

"Hang out? What do you mean, hang out?"

Kimmy laughed. "I think you're cute! I wanna hang out with you. LEZ be friends, okay?"

_Why isn't Kimmy taking the hint? I'm not interested right now. Does excess alcohol affect her THIS MUCH? I've never seen Mila act this way while drinking, and she can be a bottomless pit at times. It's unbelievable how much Mila drinks._ "You really need to go to sleep." Lindsay's tone sounded distant -- totally detached - as if she was underwater. _I don't need this. Please, leave me alone, Kimmy._

"I DON'T NEED TO GO TO SLEEP!" There was an outburst of anger in Kimmy's own voice, but then she lightened up considerably. "Hey, come here. Come here! Wanna go to the bar in Zephyr Cove and hang out with me and Sydney? Let's go right now." Lindsay tugged at the nearby fleece throw and wrapped both arms around her stomach. "Frank will be glad to take us right back there, but you may have to suck his dick. We like to repay him for everything he does for us."

"WOW." Lindsay's nose scrunched up and her eyebrows crinkled at just the mere thought of Frank offering her favors in exchange for a blowjob. She'd come to know and really respect Frank this week -- as a friend - and didn't think of him that way anymore. Like Mila, she looked at him as _Uncle Frank._ "No. I don't want to go anywhere. Listen, just leave me alone right now, okay? I really want to get back to..."

Kimmy leaned forward and rubbed Lindsay's crotch with an open palm through her shorts.

"Hey! What the fuck do you think you're doing?" This was a brothel, obviously, and such behavior was commonplace amongst the bisexual and lesbian working girls. No secrets, no inhibitions. Anywhere else it would be considered sexual harassment, so Lindsay had to remember where she was. _I did sign up for this job._ Still, that didn't mean she had to like it.

Kimmy pulled her hand away. "I just wanna hang out with you!" She turned shy and demure for an instant. "I think you're... really sexy." Just as quickly, however, Kimmy's voice became loud and energized again. "Sydney thinks that way, too. Maybe you should come and hang out with us in Los Angeles when we're on break in two weeks. You're on break that week too, right? We can go to some nightclubs in West Hollywood and me and Sydney, we would make sure you'd get ALL THE DICK you could ever handle. You'd be fucking drowning in it!"

_Double wow..._

It was time for Lindsay to put her foot down and end this. "Kimmy, you're a nice girl, and you've been really good to me. I appreciate that. But I can smell every drink you've had today on your breath." _It's not very attractive._ "Please, go get some rest."

"No! I really... just want to be by you." She reached out and grasped both of Lindsay's elbows.

"You're pulling on my shirt."

Kimmy giggled. "Who gives a shit? It's just a shirt." She tilted her head back-and-forth several times and moved her lips close to Lindsay's. "You smell all the alcohol, huh? Does it turn you on?"

"No. Can you go? Can you just leave me? I'm trying to get some work done on the computer."

Kimmy began laughing hysterically. "No! Why don't you want to hang out with me?" She offered a sexy trout-pout. "I think you're so hot." Kimmy made chomping motions with her mouth like she was a hungry shark. "I wanna eat you up!"

"No, I really need to..."

"What type of porn do you watch?"

"WHAT?" Lindsay couldn't believe Kimmy had just asked such a question. "What type of PORN do I watch? What the... kind of question is that?"

Kimmy flicked her chin, sending her cinnamon-brown tresses flying over her shoulder with a giggle. "The walls here are thin, honey. Real thin. I heard porn walking by your room this morning. Sounded like some hardcore BDSM and I heard the girl in the video calling the guy... DADDY."

Lindsay's cheeks flamed with embarrassment.

"You into that kinky, freaky shit, baby? That kind of stuff turns you on?" The 23-year-old lunged forward and kissed Lindsay on the lips. "How about _I_ be your daddy and give you a good, hard whipping?"

"Kimmy!" Her body recoiled and in a defensive position, Lindsay turned and noticed Frank at the top of the staircase. "Kimmy, get up here RIGHT NOW! I have some aspirin and water, and then you're going to take a nap with Sydney. She's already passed out. You need several hours to detox alongside her."

Kimmy stomped a high-heel upon the floor and whined, "Do I have to?"

Frank nodded. "Jason's orders."

"Ughhhhh! FUCK JASON." She turned back toward Lindsay and murmured in a seductive tone, "We'll pick this discussion up at another time."

"Kimmy, NOW."

"I'm coming, Frank. I'm coming. God!" Kimmy trudged up the steps like a rebellious, young child and went right past him without another word.

Frank stayed behind and shot a worrisome glance down at Lindsay. "You okay?"

She gulped her throat but nodded. _I'm sure I'll experience much worse than that working in a brothel. Heck, I already did with that guy from Arizona the other night. And that weirdo who had me play CHEERLEADER ALEXA yesterday, too._

_Compared to those guys, Kimmy's act is tame._

_And even Jason groped me during my interview, too. Not that I found that offensive, though..._

"Kimmy is a sweet girl and she's really nice. Would give anyone the shirt off her back if they needed it." Frank grimaced with a sad, forlorn look across his face. "She just loses all her senses and becomes wild and unruly when drunk. Please, can you forgive her? Neither she or Sydney can handle their alcohol at all."

_Then why did you take them to a bar?_

Lindsay sighed. "I know. It's okay. It'll pass." _And Kimmy will apologize to me in a couple of hours, I'm sure. She was equally blitzed on my first day here and apologized for her behavior later that night once sobering up._ A small, grateful smile touched Lindsay's lips. "Thanks for saving me, UNCLE FRANK. Kimmy was getting... quite aggressive."

"Anytime. Sometimes, I have to police the girls here even more than I do the customers. I'll have a talk with Kimmy -- as well as Sydney -- later tonight. They need to stop teasing you. I promise you'll never hear either of them talk that way to you again. You have my word."

Lindsay smiled weakly. "I'd appreciate that."

Frank tilted his head inquisitively and offered a gravely concerned expression. "Just heard that you haven't had the best day while I was out with Kimmy and Sydney. Everything okay, Kaylee?" His tone turned much more serious. "LINDSAY? You good, hon?"

She sniffed her nose. Indeed, it had been a terrible day thus far. "I guess. I'll live."

"We'll talk about it later," he promised. "Just you and me. Right now, I gotta go take care of Kimmy."

"Okay." _Frank is such a great guy and, along with Mila, has been so good to me since day one. Always willing to sit down and lend a sympathetic ear._

_Molly has been super helpful as well. Chelsea, too._

_So, why can't Jason be that way toward me? He's the big boss, and I so want to please him - make him happy, gain his acceptance and approval - but all I've done thus far, it seems, is dissatisfy him. I know I made some mistakes, but I'm trying my best..._

After a moment or two, and once assured that she had her privacy back, Lindsay opened the laptop and retrieved her e-mail to Sammy. She added the final two sentences and began to proofread.

----------

From: Delacroix, Lindsay

Sent: (Draft)

To: Rhodes, Sammy

Subject: 16 days and counting down!

Sammy :O --

Good afternoon! I'm sorry that I haven't been able to e-mail you in the last couple of hours (I loved our constant back-and-forth this morning!) Perhaps I should have expected life in a brothel would be bizarre, very different, and unlike anything I've ever known. After lunch, Zelina got into it hard and heavy with Mila and Jason in the main office. Zelina wasn't happy about me still having a job here and let Mila and Jason know it. No one knows for sure, but that's the rumor floating around the house. There was a bunch of screaming and Zelina quit. She packed her stuff and walked out, but not before calling me a nasty cunt and saying that she hates me.

I do not know what Zelina's problem is and why she is so against me. I tried apologizing to her last night for whatever it was that I did wrong (I know - my reactions after being passed over in lineups early in the week), but she was having none of it. I am glad Zelina quit, but I worry about my job. I know that Jason can't be happy about losing a four-year employee like Zelina over someone who's been here less than a week (me.) Sydney told me last night that Jason wanted to fire me last week, but Mila talked him into giving me a second chance. Sydney then said that Jason never gives second chances to a turnout.

You probably know the term, but a turnout in this industry is a new hire.

For what it's worth, I tried talking to Jason about two hours ago when he passed by in the hallway. But he was on his cell phone and said we'd talk in his office later tonight. That worried me.

I was able to talk to Mila for a bit, and she assured me that I have nothing to worry about job-wise. Told me that she'd never allow anything bad to happen to me here and said that Zelina quit because of a scheduling dispute. Even I know that is a lie! Everyone does. Maybe Mila is just trying to protect me? I'm not sure, but she told me to keep doing my job like I did yesterday (four hours of partying -- good $$$) and everything will be fine.

All the girls left here seem nice, though I haven't had much interaction with Abigail yet. She and Mila are good friends, and I think I should try to talk to her. How has Abigail been toward you? I'm kind of uneasy because there is the weekly shift change tomorrow. Chelsea is going home to Florida for a week while Samantha and Mariko are coming back from break. I've never met them. What if they don't like me, either? I guess you know both reasonably well, huh? You've been to the brothel so many times! Chelsea is a nice girl and I'll miss her until she is back to work next week.

I really want to work here and love this job, but I hate being the centerpiece of a drama storm. I think I've had more drama in the past five or six days than I've had in my entire life combined. Ever since I was little, I've tried to be nice and courteous toward others. I'm so not used to people treating me like Zelina and that horrible, evil customer (Eric) I had.

I'm sorry if it seems like I'm pushing all my problems on you. I know you're busy in Utah and have your own issues. I just feel like venting my frustration is all. If it's too much for you, please let me know, and I'll never mention it again.

Sammy, did you notice that I'm writing to you from my personal e-mail address like you suggested? Not the ranch's? I've had this e-mail for like four or five years and it's my main one. You are correct in saying that me using this e-mail to communicate with you, it lessens the chance of us ever getting caught. I'm not sure even Mila could protect me if Jason ever found out that I'm planning to meet a client outside of work. I'd be canned in a hurry.

Even though I've had a lousy day, I've been thinking about you nonstop, and it's made me feel better. I'm so happy that you're willing to meet me on Tuesday the 9th at the airport hotel in Salt Lake City. In addition to the friendship you're showing me, your concern and kindness, plus your support, I must admit that I have a craving for your dick. :) The emptiness I feel without you is unbearable! I think we will make the most of our time together on the 9th.

If you're interested, we can expand our time together to two or three days, too. Just let me know.

I don't want this to be a one-time thing, either. I'd like for it to continue. I have a full week off every three weeks and would love to visit you in Utah as often as possible. No one in your family has to know (wife, kids, grandkids, etc.) and no one I work with has to know, either. It can be our sexy, little secret!

I repeat: I will NEVER charge you or expect any type of money or gifts. I am not showing up as Kaylee the prostitute. I'm showing up as Lindsay Delacroix, an oversexed, happy, giggly girl from Citronelle, California who wants you to fuck her silly.

Maybe I should pay you this time? :)

Throughout all our dialogue today, I have neglected to ask about you! How are things in Utah? You doing okay? How is your job? You must be super busy being the CEO of Gradiph Pharmaceuticals. I have so many questions and would love to sit down and talk one day, but fully realize if we are alone, in a hotel room, we won't be spending any time telling each other about our respective lives! At the same time, I do want you to know that I think about you and wonder about what you're doing throughout the day. Are you happy with your job? I know the pay must be great as a CEO. My fantasy is to give you the mental and physical stimulation that I know you deserve.

I am so happy that you're in my life, Sammy. I don't know how or why this happened, but it's amazing, and I think things will just get better as time moves on. I LOVE the fact that you're 40 years older than me and have so much experience, so much wisdom, to share. I've always found older men incredibly sexy and cannot wait until you and I are together again. I miss you like crazy!!

Love, Lindsay (NOT Kaylee!)

----------

Satisfied with the message, Lindsay clicked send.

<> <> <> <> <>

Sand and earth dusted up around their sneakers as they jogged along the perimeter of the brothel's desert-infused backyard.

Jason grinned and dashed ahead so he could hold pace on Mila. "Why do you gotta be so slow, woman? I thought you told me that you're in great shape!" Of course, Jason was just teasing her.

"This isn't... the... Boston Marathon," Mila gasped behind him. "Slow down, enjoy... the scenery."

_Oh, I'm enjoying the scenery just fine, thank you very much. Especially when we jog side-by-side._

As the sun began its slow descent into the horizon on this hot, dry July evening, Mila and Jason had opted to get a little exercise session in. Why not? Indeed, business was slow today. Sundays were usually a welcome tradeoff after the constant hustle and bustle of Saturdays when things seemed downright insane.

Moments ago, the way Mila's sweaty tank-top clung to her full, voluptuous breasts nearly caused Jason to trip and stumble over a yard ornament. Dashing ahead and maintaining a sizable lead seemed much more beneficial to his health.

Mila saw five customers yesterday and partied for a total of six hours. She brought in $5,950 but, technically speaking, had to split it with the house (well, not really). Thus, a slow day like today -- Mila hadn't entertained a single customer yet and only briefly spoke to one -- was a wonderful thing in Jason's eyes. On one hand, he wanted business and the cash flow that went along with it (of course) but, on the other, it was nice that Mila didn't have any clients. With such a golden opportunity, Jason called in one of the night bartenders (Mindy) early to oversee the brothel while Frank was away with Kimmy and Sydney earlier, then spent the bulk of the day with his wife.
