 Forty minutes seems like an eternity when you are in the dark, blindfolded, hands and feet restrained and there is not a noise to be heard except your own breathing.

Even though you knew it was coming, waking up like this was still a strange feeling. Where had Mike gone? When was he coming back? What would happen when he did come back? At first, after the initial "just woke up" panic subsided, you were aroused by the whole situation. This was something you'd wanted for a long time, something you had spent many nights fantasizing about in the dark, fantasies that had been the spark for many solo orgasms.

Yet as time ticked on you began to wonder. Given time to contemplate the inevitable reality of the whole thing, you began to question your own judgment. Was this something you wanted to really happen or just an amazing fantasy that should never come to pass? Maybe when it comes down to it, the reality will be scary instead of exciting - numbing instead of titillating.

Now that it was actually going to happen you wanted to call the whole thing off. It had gone far enough and you just weren't ready to complete the act, not ready to be in such a vulnerable situation, not ready to expose your innermost desires to whoever might come through the door any minute now.

Another twenty minutes passes; a full hour now since you woke up. Where the hell is Mike? Your thirsty and getting a little cramped in this position. Your legs are bent at the knee and spread as wide as the can be without causing pain. Your arms are out to the sides and bent slightly at the elbow. The cotton clothes holding you in place are soft and pliable, allowing you enough freedom to stretch a little - and enough elasticity to slip out - if you really wanted to. But you really want to stay, you think. You stay.

After what seems like another hour, you begin to hear something. You can't make out the sound but it's almost a dragging noise, but not really. More of a sliding you think. You whisper hello. Hello again. No answer. Maybe that noise was out in the street or in the hall - you can't be sure. This hotel is very plush, but the walls can't be completely soundproof, right? Your just not sure. Hello? Nothing.

Just as you are ready to slip out of the hand restraints it begins...and you let it. All the questions you had about going through with this are gone instantly, without another thought. You want this and you know it, simple as that.

It begins with the lightest touch possible on one of your feet. The coolness of the touch makes you think It's a wet touch. Is it? Not sure. Mike? No answer, just Shhhhhh.

The cool touch continues on your foot, like a finger dipped in water, or something. Warm water you think because it's not actually cold, just cool after air touches the moistness. It's a tongue, you are sure. It trails your foot from the heel to your toes, sucking each toe with total passion. You never knew how erotic this could be, but it was. It was making your entire body quiver. TR? Nothing. Who was this? He had never done this before and whoever was certainly had.

Suddenly the other foot was being paid identical attention - at the same time. There were definitely two people here now and both were very good at what they were doing. Mike? Shhhhhhhhh. But from a distance. Either he was not one of these people or someone else was quieting you.

Feathers. Definitely feathers. They were being guided over your legs from your ankles to your hips, slowly and with amazing synchronicity. Both legs and feet were having the identical touch applied at the identical spot. How was that possible? Three people? Four? Mike?? Shhhhhhhhhh.

You had completely succumb to the moment. Nothing mattered now. This was going to be amazing. No more wondering, just bliss.

The feathers suddenly meet at your pussy, slid up the line of your lips, met again at your belly button and separate, each on a slow, deliberate journey to it's own breast. This one moment of contact from the feathers almost made you orgasm. They never even made contact with your clitoris, just the anticipation was nearly enough. 

The foot work had ended and the tongues were starting a journey of their own with a very definite meeting place in mind. You had no idea how long this would take, but you were willing to wait, this was an ecstasy you had never known.

As the tongues reached the back of your knees and the mouths actually began sucking there, the feathers had found your nipples and were tickling them to a hardness they have never reached. You came the first time just then, shaking and squirming on the bed. A non-contact orgasm that left you only more excited than before it started. No relief, just greater desire for pleasure.

Now the three, four, whatever number of people intensified their activities. The feathers were replaced by two tongues. Four. For sure now. Mike?? Shhhhhhhhhh. He was definitely not one of the four, this shhhhh came from at least 10 feet away, and it was him, you were almost sure this time.

The humming began as a low buzz then increased in intensity. First you felt it running up your left leg, then your right. It hit the bottom most part of your pussy with a delicate bump, then a more deliberate push. It slid inside your wide open, dripping wet pussy with no problem at all. It didn't feel large, more like the shape of a Sharpie magic marker you thought, but a vibrating one. 

Next, the unmistakable touch of a tongue on your clit. First it flicked, then it sucked. The vibrator fucking you, the tongue sucking your clit and the two tongues sucking your nipples were too much, another orgasm began. This one at least twice the intensity of the first but with the same result, simply the desire for more.

Now things began to change a little. Before almost no movement could be detected on the bed, just the feeling on your body. Now people were moving around, getting in different positions. The excitement was still building, not subsiding at all.

Two very soft, vibrating clips were attached to your nipples, a sensation that almost brought on the third orgasm. The two mouths that had been replaced by the clips were now sucking your neck like toothless vampires. The vibrator was suddenly gone and was being replaced by something much larger, much. It almost certainly was a cock, but it was so big. Your wetness made the job easier than it should have been for a 12" cock to get inside you. This was an overwhelming feeling. Pain and pleasure in one motion, pleasure far outweighing pain. With each stroke it glided more easily and the pleasure grew. You began to convulse in orgasm at the same time the huge cock exploded inside you. 

It slipped out and was replaced by another, not as long but almost twice as thick. A totally different sensation and the orgasms began almost right away. Two orgasms later this cock exploded inside you as well.

After the cock was removed, so were the vibrating clips. You were left on the bed, soaked and completely naked to whomever was there. The silence set in and at least 10 minutes passed. Mike??? Shhhhhhhhhh.

Suddenly you could smell yourself stronger than before. The smell of pussy had filled the room but this was much stronger. When the first drip hit your lips you knew, a pussy was hovering over your mouth, just out of the reach of your tongue. She slowly lowered herself within your reach and your excitement level skyrocketed again. Your first taste of pussy was amazing. It was hot and soaking wet. Her clit was huge, the size of a jelly bean, perfect for sucking. You felt her fall into a 69 position and begin devouring your pussy as well. After what must have been 15 minutes, you both exploded. She gushed into your mouth and you swallowed every drop.

Just then someone came up behind her and slid into her pussy. You could feel his balls hitting you as he fucked her. She moaned loudly. You continues sucking her clit as he fucked her. Every few strokes he would slide out and put his cock in your mouth, you sucked his cock dry each time. 

A large vibrator was sliding inside you now and you were already nearing another orgasm. With her clit in your mouth, his cock in her pussy, the vibrator inside you and her lips around your clit, you all exploded. His cum mixed with her juice ran into your mouth while you came and the taste was unreal.

Then it all ended. As quickly as it had started it was over. The room was stone silent. Mike? Nothing. Mike?? Nothing.

They were definitely gone and you were alone. As you slid out of the restraints and undid your blindfold, questions were all that were left. Who were they? Where had they gone? Where was Mike? Had he gone with them?

The phone rang. It was Mike explaining how sorry he was that he didn't get back quicker. His car had broken down at the store just after he left you tied up. He promised to make it up to you when he got back.