 I lie quietly spread-eagle on the bed. A mask covers my eyes keeping my mind in darkness. I feel the gentle pull on my arms and legs. Shifting, I clench my fists and tug, testing the bonds. The silky ropes circle and caress my wrists and ankles yet hold fast. Blinking, I feel my eyelashes brush against the silk of the mask; no trace of light reaches my eyes. I close my eyes listening closely to the other two in the room. I hear them across the room murmuring to each other, the soft tempo of words occasionally interrupted by hungry growls and purrs as they kiss and caress. 

The breeze from the fan flows over my naked skin, swirling over my nipples teasing them into cold little points. Air caresses my parted thighs, my stomach, my breasts, my lips. I shiver in anticipation, thinking wildly. As time ticks on, I listen to the soft moans of my lovers. The pounding of my heartbeat grows louder in my ears, drowning out all sounds in the room, as my breath comes faster in little gasps.

Just as I begin to feel they have left me here alone, a cool hand trails over my cheek. Startled, I tense, pulling again at my bonds, looking around but seeing only darkness. A voice murmurs but my thundering heartbeat and ragged gasps mask the words. I lift my head toward the sound, straining to hear. The hand slids up into the hair at the base of my neck holding fast. "I love you," the words flow in a husky growl into my ear. I shiver, sighing. The hand in my hair gentles and guides my head up to feel his lips capture mine in a deep kiss that sends tingles shooting down my body.

As suddenly as he appeared, he steps back, letting my head fall back against the bed. Feeling bereft, a whimper escapes my lips. Two hands slip into the hair to either side of my face holding me still once again. I hear a purr echoing into my ear and fingers brush over my cheeks. Soft lips brush over mine as she gently deepens it into a tender kiss. I gasp, feeling my lips tremble. Two kisses, both so different but both filled with love and affection. I melt in a feeling of surrender and contentment. Then, she pulls away, leaving me again without touch. I strain, listening hard for some hint. A thousand scenarios run through my mind of what might be to come. I gasp, my thoughts swirling lost within themselves without the anchor of human touch.

At once, four hands rest on my body, sliding over my skin. Two hands cup my breasts, teasing the sensitized tips, rolling them between two fingers. Two hands slip up my exposed thighs, rubbing and teasing. Tingles explode in my body centering under each hand. I moan, rolling from side to side unable to tell one set of hands from the other. A silky curtain of strands falls against my thighs, its softness caresses me in contrast to the soft fingers moving and exploring. Taking a deep breath, I focus on these wonderful sensations flooding through me. As I calm a bit, I can tell the slight differences: one set of hands rougher, larger, his hands teasing and rubbing, the other set softer and smaller, her hands moving in firm caresses adding the silkiness of her hair's tickling motion. 

I feel her tongue lick up my inner thigh; my muscles tense, quivering under her touch. She nibbles gently upward, pausing to explore and to stroke me with her fingers. Cold lips circle my nipple, suckling it hard and I moan out loud, arching my back up to him. I grip the ropes, trying to pulls myself up closer to him, wanting to pull his head down. Instead he moves to the other nipple this time swirling a piece of ice around it. The nipple tightens almost painfully and as he laps at it, I whimper. 

She nibbles further reaching the very top of my thighs. I feel the brush of her legs as she kneels between mine, softly stroking each thigh from the inside of my knee to my hip. I feel tingles flowing along the path of her fingers meeting deep inside me. I know she must be looking at me. I can almost feel the heat of her hungry stare watching me squirm under his lips and under her fingers. My body throbs deep within and I wriggle impatiently.

Hot lips cover my icy nipple; the extreme contrast in temperature coaxes a yelp from my lips. Rough hands tease the other breast fondling and tugging at the hard nipple. Her soft hands slide up to grab my hips as she leans forward letting her hair brush over my stomach. Tensing, I feel the soft almost tickling caress slip down my tummy to swirl over the soft hairless skin of my pussy. 

I freeze for a moment as I feel them both lean toward each other. The whisper of their kiss followed by hungry moans makes me quiver deep inside. In my mind, I can see their lips locked together and their hands moving against each other. I wriggle a little within my bonds, my fingers tingling, aching to stroke over their skin to join in their passion. As he growls, I feel her body sway forward, her thigh shifting and pressing against me sending hot tingles through me. I moan, rubbing slightly against her thigh adding to the quivering inside. I can almost see them as they let their mouths slide apart.

In a moment, his hands and mouth return to my breasts with a hungry growl. He lifts them caressing them all over and nibbling in circles. returning from time to time to nibble at the nipples. My whole body trembles with anticipation.

I wiggle my fingers within the ropes and imagine pulling him up to kiss my lips and tangle them in his hair. She shifts, pressing kisses down my stomach pausing to suck and nibble. As she moves, her breasts brush against the tops of my thighs. The softness of her skin slips over mine contrasted by the hard knobs of her nipples that catch slightly, teasing as they slide. Her moans mingle with his gruffer growls melting my mind.

My body quivers as I feel soft nibbles moving toward the soft skin of my pussy. Her tongue flicks out lightly circling my clit. Sensations flood my body and I squirm against her tongue. His lips capture mine in a hungry kiss muffling my whimpers as soft licks move, teasing the smooth lips with gentle swirls and nibbles. My hips buck, straining at the ankle restraints as her tongue slips inside. He moves away for a moment and I feel his tongue join hers for a moment before moving back up to lick over my lips. I can taste myself on his tongue as he kisses me sending shivers through me. His growls melt me and I quiver against him throbbing, feeling her tongue licking my clit teasingly lapping. His hands slip down teasing my breasts adding to the sensations flooding me. Her mouth hungrily moves against me, licking and sucking as he deepens our kiss. 

I cry out awash with sensation as I come hard against them. I shake feeling her tongue licking against my sensitized skin pressing soft kisses to my trembling clit. He growls against my lips slipping his hands down my body to slip into me. I can feel the subsiding trembles clenching around his finger and I sob softly. Both slip away from me for a moment leaving me shuddering, feeling the breeze teasing my sensitized skin.

He slips between my legs teasing my pussy with the head of his cock, caressing my clit making me tremble. He slides inside, filling me, sending a whole new set of shudders through my body, my muscles clench around him as he slowly presses in deep. I squeeze my thighs, unable to wrap my legs around him tugging at the ropes. He slides in and out slowly teasing every inch of me. I arch my hips up to meet him shivers flooding my body. I tighten inside clutching him deep within me.

She presses her lips to mine gently stroking my tongue with hers drinking in my soft moans. "Let her taste you, " I hear his voice tremble as he moves against me rubbing my clit softly making it throb. She moves away for a second stroking a soft finger over my lips. I feel her straddle my face gently careful not to smother me. I inhale trembling at the musky scent. I move my head side to side to feel her, feeling my nose barely nuzzle her clit. She gasps shifting slightly against me. I can hear his hungry growls at the sight as he moves harder against me. Forced to rely on touch, I lick hesitantly flicking her clit, circling it then suckling hard. I moan against her as he slips in and out keeping up a slow pace. She squirms against my tongue, trembling against me, gripping my wrists for balance, urging me faster.

As he gradually increases his pace, I lick faster sucking feeling her clit swell and throb under my tongue. I buck my hips up to meet him hard, needing his thrusts hard and fast. She moan crying out at she begins throbbing against me. Her smell overwhelms my senses adding to my excitement. My senses feel overloaded as I grind against him feeling his hands rub my clit in time with his strokes. Deep inside I feel myself start to throb. My breath comes in gasps as I try to keep up the gentle stroking of her clit and my heart beats faster. My pussy begins to tremble around him squeezing every time he enters me. I feel him swelling inside as he breaths harshly gripping my hips now, pounding into me. She screams pressing against me as I feel her spasm against my face, her juices coating my tongue. Shuddering, my body explodes in sensation. My pussy clenches around him as I feel him bursting inside me. I sob moaning and shuddering all over tugging hard at the bonds around my wrist and ankles. 

She collapses against the wall slipping off me bringing a rush of fresh air. I gasp feeling my heart still pounding hard. She presses soft little kisses over my face and kisses me deeply. He lays down on me still deep inside the echoes of my orgasm still lingering. Gradually, I feel my mind returning to me. The cool breeze soothes my sweaty skin as he slips off me. They both move away and my limbs are released. My arms and legs lie motionless for a moment my whole body still shuddering. I feel soft kisses on my arms and legs. 

He slips onto the bed next to me and gathers me into his arms. She slips up and wraps her arms around us both pressing kisses first to my face then to his. He rocks me gently murmuring how happy he is and how much he loves me. Her hands slip over my face then softly slip off the blindfold. I blink at the sudden return of light unable to focus, even the dim light comes as a stark contrast to darkness. Gradually my sight returns and I focus on the faces of these two people I love. Their smiles and the sparkling affection in their eyes bathes me in contentment and love. I move back into their arms and we snuggle quietly basking in our contentment.