 Tim and I stared at Shannon sitting on the edge of the weight lifting bench following the greatest tit-fucking of our lifetimes. Shannon’s whole body was glistening with all of our juices and her sweat. She looked fucking hot.

“So, are you guys gonna give my ass what it wants”, asked Shannon?

“We’re gonna pound you in your cute little ass just like you want it”, I moaned as I started to stroke my wet, hardening cock.

Tim was just as excited as I was to be getting the chance to slide our pricks into Shannon’s sweet ass. He too was stroking his cock and it was already hard again. He told Shannon to get up and he sat down on one end of the bench with his legs spread. He held his cock up pointing outwards, and motioned for Shannon to come sit on it. “Bring that tight ass over here and sit on this cock you hot little slut.”

Shannon turned around, facing away from Tim and stuck her ass out towards him. Tim leaned forward and started kissing her ass cheeks, while reaching around and fingering her soaking pussy. Shannon reached around with her hands and spread her ass cheeks, revealing her puckered ass to Tim. His tongue was probing her asshole in no time. Tim was really lapping away at Shannon’s ass, getting it nice and wet for his oncoming anal assault. Shannon then spit into one of her hands and reached back to rub it all over Tim’s prick. His cock was dripping with his precum and her saliva. Shannon then lowered her ass down towards Tim’s waiting cock, spreading her ass cheeks. Tim’s cock head rested against Shannon’s tight asshole for a few moments, and then she pushed some of her weight down onto his cock, letting his head slip into her ass. Both of them let out a moan as her anal passageway opened up.

I was getting extremely worked up seeing this sight. I was still pumping my cock in my hand, waiting for my turn at this little tramp. Shannon pulled her ass off of Tim’s cock a little bit and then drove it back into it with one final thrust. Tim’s cock was now totally in Shannon’s ass. They both just sat there, trying to regain their composure. Shannon then started to slowly ride his cock, letting herself pump it in and out of her ass. She was still holding her ass cheeks apart. The site was amazing. After a few more minutes of slowly fucking Tim’s cock with her tight asshole, Shannon was now warmed up and turned around to Tim, asking him, “are you ready to fuck my ass now. That’s it boy, pound that big prick into my little asshole.”

Following that rhetorical question, Shannon started fucking Tim’s cock with her asshole with extreme speed and enthusiasm. Her big tits were bouncing up and down as she slid Tim’s cock in and out of her ass. She looked at me with the nastiest face I have ever seen and started talking dirty. “You like how your buddy is fucking my ass Jonny? Oh, his big hard cock feels so fucking good in my tight little asshole. I bet you can’t wait to get your hard cock in here, can you Jonny? I can’t wait for you guys to take turns fucking me in my asshole.” Shannon then leaned forward and grabbed her ankles, letting her really piston her ass up and down over Tim’s cock. The look on Tim’s face was of sheer lust. He was leaning back on the bench, just enjoying the ride, and the site of his cock being enveloped by one of the sweetest looking asses in the world.

I walked in front of Shannon, still stroking my prick and noticing my presence, she looked up to be greeted with my dripping cock. “Oh, what do we have here? Do you want to put that hard, slimy cock into my mouth? Why don’t you feed me that cock baby.” She positioned herself so that my cock would easily slide into her mouth. I forced my prick into her waiting mouth, and down her tight throat with the first thrust. I let it sit in the back of her throat for a few seconds, and then started to fuck her face. As I fed her my cock, she did not miss a stroke as she continued to fuck Tim with her loosened asshole.

“You like that don’t you, you little slut. Getting your face and asshole fucked at the same time. Why don’t you turn around and suck on Tim’s cock. Take that cock right down your throat, straight from you asshole”, I commanded as I continued to fuck her mouth. Shannon released my prick from her mouth and looked up at me. She pulled herself off of Tim’s cock and stood up to face me. We made out for a couple seconds, as I reached behind her to finger her gaping asshole. I pulled my fingers out of her ass and offered them to her. She sucked my fingers like a good girl. I then whispered into her ear, “now go and suck Tim’s cock you little whore.”

With that Shannon turned around and got on her knees in front of the bench and took Tim’s hard, dripping cock down her throat in one swoop. Tim just about lost it right there but managed to hold his load. Shannon really started to suck Tim’s cock, savoring all the juices that had accumulated there. As she sucked on my buddy’s throbbing boner, Shannon’s back was arched and had her ass pointed upwards, inviting me in. Her asshole was still gaping open a little bit and I got behind her, standing up, but bending at the knees. I slowly eased my hardon into her well-fucked ass. Shannon let out a moan as my prick penetrated her ass and turned around, looking at me with that wicked grin of hers. “That’s it Jonny, it’s your turn to fuck my ass now. Pump that prick into my ass. Treat me like a slut and fuck the hell out of my ass.”

With that I started to fuck my cock in and out of her ass, letting my balls slap her juicy cunt each time I thrust into her. I couldn’t believe how good her hot asshole felt around my raging boner. I had a good view of Tim getting his cock worked by our slut’s hot mouth. She was using just her mouth to suck on his cock, using one hand to steady her, and the other to play with her drooling cunt. I was pumping my cock so fast that every once in a while it would slip out and rub downwards against her shaved snatch, leaving her asshole gaping open. She would immediately stop fingering her cunt and guide my cock back into her ass as the hole would slowly be closing. I would continue driving my cock into her ass until the next time it slipped out. After this happened a couple more time, that gaping asshole looked to good to pass up and I leaned downwards to stick my tongue into its entrance. I worked her asshole with my tongue for a few minutes, absolutely driving Shannon nuts.

I then heard Tim say, “Hey Jonny, let me fuck that ass again.” I gave her asshole one last fuck with my tongue and got up, telling Shannon to get on the floor. She faced down and pointed her ass straight up into the air, and put her face and chest onto the floor. Her big tits were flattened under her, bulging out the sides of her chest. Tim walked over to her ass and put his cock back into her hole and continued fucking her. He pounded her ass for a couple minutes, and switched off with me again. I pumped her sloppy ass for a few more minutes and Tim took over again. We took turns fucking her ass like this for at least 20 minutes. 

“Come on boys, fuck your personal anal fuck slut. Pound my ass. You studs have made me cum 10 times already from fucking my tight asshole. Come in my ass and then let me suck your cock Jonny,” screamed Shannon as I continued pummeling her butt. All of her filthy dialogue was putting me over the edge and I was ready to blow my load. I pounded her ass a couple more times and felt my cum start to travel its course. I exploded into her ass, filling her bowels with my hot cum. I pulled my prick out of her ass, leaving it gaping wide open. I could see my hot cum lining her anal passage. I put my dick back in and tried to scoop some of it out. I pulled my cock out and it was dripping with my jizz. Shannon spun around and took my slimy prick into her mouth, tasting her ass and my cum. She put her hands on my ass and started to driving my cock in and out of her mouth. She let my cock fall from her mouth and started to rub it all over her gorgeous face. It was now Tim’s turn. She spun around again and pointed her ass into the air for Tim to finish off. Tim got right behind her and started working her asshole over again.

“Fuck its hot in there with all of your cum, Jonny,” moaned Tim as he fucked Shannon’s asshole. Tim worked on Shannon’s ass for another 5 minutes and I found myself hard all over again. There I was again, standing there stroking my hardon as Tim fucked Shannon’s butt. Fuck she looked hot, laying there with her big tits mashed against the floor. I told Tim to lay down on his back on the floor so Shannon could ride him again. He did so and Shannon squatted over his cock, facing away from him, and took him in her ass again.

“What do you have in mind Jonny,” moaned Shannon as Tim pumped his cock in and out of her asshole.

I walked over to Shannon and started to suck on her big soft tits, taking her nipples into my mouth, lathering her with my saliva. She was in heaven as she got her ass pounded and her tits sucked on. “Are you gonna fuck my tits again, Jonny”, asked Shannon? “You sure love fucking my tits don’t you? All the guys love fucking my big tits you know Jonny. That’s usually the first thing they want to do with me. They just love getting off in my cleavage”.

“That’s right you slut, I’m gonna fuck your big jugs again. I stood up straight and jerked my cock off a few more times and rubbed my precum all over my cock. Shannon placed her hands on either side of her tits, letting me know she was ready. I pointed my cock straight at her double-ds and she squeezed them around me. I started fucking her tits, forward and back, as she created a fleshy tunnel for me. She was holding her tits in a way that I could fuck them straight in and out. I was amazed at how she could take such an anal pounding and still be able to have enough gumption to let me titty fuck her. I continued sliding my prick between her massive tits and Tim was still fucking her little ass.

The sight must have been amazing for Tim as I slid my cock in and out of Shannon’s meaty tit flesh because he was ready to cum in no time. “Fuck, I’m gonna cum. Where do you want it Shan,” moaned Tim as he sped up his ass fuck?

“Shoot it all over my tits Tim. Coat them for Jonny”, said Shannon as she lifted herself off of Tim’s cock. Tim got up quickly and I stepped back. He stood in front of Shannon who immediately took his cock into her mouth, tasting his big cock once again. She fucked him with her mouth until he pulled it and said he was ready. Tim started to jerk his cock off all over Shannon’s big, slippery tits. Load after load landed on her jugs and in her cleavage. “Fuck yeah, coat them baby. Your cum feels so hot on my big tits Tim.” Once Tim had finally milked the last of his cum from his prick, he rubbed it all over Shannon’s tits, spreading his jizz all over them, leaving an even coat. Shannon took his cock into her mouth one last time and cleaned him off. She then looked over to me, still with Tim’s cock in her mouth. That was my cue to get back to my business.

Tim stepped away and I got back in front of Shannon who was still kneeling. She leaned back a bit. I placed my cock back in between her breasts and she squeezed them around me again. It felt insane between her tits with all of the juices that were there. Tim’s cum, my precum and spit, and her sweat. “Fuck it’s hot between your tits Shan,” I said as I started to slide my cock between her titties again.

“That’s it Jonny. Fuck my big cum soaked tits. Slide that big boner between my sweaty tits you stud”, said Shannon in a little girl voice. I was really fucking her tits now, slamming my cock between them as fast as I could. The noise my balls were making slapping the bottom of her tits was almost deafening. I was very close to cumming and she knew it. “Are your ready to cum for Shannon? Shoot that cum between my big tits Jonny.”

I was dripping sweat as I pounded her big meaty tits. I was in heaven fucking the big tits of this gorgeous blonde slut. My cum was exploded once again from my prick at the top of my stroke and hit the bottom of Shannon’s chin. I continued fucking her tits and my next blast escaped inside her cleavage. As soon as my cum hit her tits, Shannon’s cunt ignited in orgasm, and she screamed in pleasure. My final pumps I made sure that my cock stayed between her tits, and that it’s head didn’t leave her cleavage. I shot my last few jolts of jizz between her tits, letting Shannon erupt in two more orgasms. I collapsed on top of her soaked tits and let my tongue enter her gasping mouth.

“Fuck, that was hot guys”, said Tim as he started to play with Shannon’s cunt.

“No shit that was hot. I’ve never had my ass and tits fucked like this before guys. I don’t ever want this to stop”, said Shannon as she helped Tim finger her sopping wet cunt. I got myself up and off of Shannon and started to rub and knead her tits. “You know, my friend Mary has the nicest ass, and just loves to get it fucked too. Plus, her cunt is so fucking tight. You guys will love fucking her in both of those holes. We should hook up with her tomorrow”, suggested Shannon.

“That sounds good babe, but what are her titties like”, I asked?

“Oh they’re a D-cup. And she loves getting them fucked as much as I do."

To be continued.