 Author's Note: Thank you all for your feedback and comments; it's really the best incentive to keep writing these (other than the fact that "Leigh" loves reading them). I love hearing from readers, and with this story in particular, if you have any ideas or things you'd like to see in a sequel, I'd love to hear them.

*

"So do we...put out snacks or something?" Leigh asked, trying not to sound nervous.

John laughed. "No, no snacks. Just water." He walked over to her and placed his hand on her shoulder. "Are you sure you want to do this? You seem nervous."

She smiled. "I'm sure. We promised, didn't we?" She turned to get water, saying over her shoulder "I'm no more nervous that I am any time we have guests over." She was sure he could tell she was lying, but it was important to keep up the façade nonetheless.

John followed her into the kitchen. "We can still change our minds if we want to. It wouldn't be the first time. For all the rules, they seem very reasonable, and I think they'd understand."

Leigh took a deep breath and steadied herself. She didn't turn back to look at him. "No," she said. "I want to. I may never want to do it again, but I want to try."

John kissed the back of her head and began taking glasses down from the cabinet. "I love you," he said softly into her ear. "And I will love you if you change your mind. Just tell me if you do." He walked away into the living room.

Leigh excused herself to shower and get ready. As she waited for the water to heat up, her mind ran back over how they had gotten to this point. About 5 months ago, John had been approached by "a friend," a person whose identity she still did not know, with an invitation to join an...unusual group.

A few years back, a group of friends, whose names she, again, did not know, had been sitting around and, she assumed over a great deal of alcohol, revealed to one another what they thought about the others' wives. There was of course complaining about attitude, rules, etc., but it quickly became clear that all of them had the hots for each others' women. In what started as a joke but eventually they all decided was serious, a plan was born.

To hear John tell it, the women were the most enthusiastic planners, a fact which Leigh sometimes doubted and sometimes did not. The rules smacked of a woman's involvement, that was clear, but what wasn't clear was whether they had been imposed as a condition or developed alongside the basic idea. Regardless, once the men and their wives agreed, the group was born. Something like 4 years later, it had grown quite slowly and, John told her, still consisted of less than a dozen couples.

John was the newest member, and since Leigh knew nothing about its membership, she did not know how or why he had been invited. He had been very hesitant when he broached the idea with her, and despite her nervousness now, when he'd suggested it, she had been enthusiastic. The idea shocked and aroused her, it played into some of her most carnal desires to be wanted and used. And, as frustrating as the rules had been to her over the last few months, they were the only thing keeping her reason from getting the best of her.

She ran through the rules in her head once again, hoping it would calm her nerves in a way the hot water running over her had failed to.

The first rule was absolute anonymity, at least for the women. She could not know who else was a member, and none of the other women would know that she, or for that matter John, was either. John was forbidden from telling her where he went when he attended the events, and, now that it was their turn to host, she would be blindfolded and wear earplugs the entire time.

The second rule was that the men in attendance were not allowed to touch her with anything but their hands, and she was not to touch them. They were to remain fully clothed at all times. She could speak to them, but they could not speak to her. They were there to look and to touch, but no more. She, in turn, was there to be seen and to be touched. Any pleasure they brought to her was a bonus, but ultimately, she was there as the entertainment, the toy John shared with his friends. That thought brought a shiver of pleasure down her spine, and she relaxed a little, reminded of why she agreed to this in the first place.

The third rule was that the procedure was to be strictly followed. At precisely 7pm, the men would arrive, in a group, and knock on the front door. The room would have already been set up, with chairs arranged in a half-circle and Leigh at the center. John would put on her blindfold and she would insert the ear plugs before John went to open the door, making sure that she would not see the men enter. Both would remain in place until the men left.

She would be clothed as all the men took their seats. John would begin the evening by going over the rules again, even though all the other men in attendance would know them by heart at this point. Each of the men would then, in turn, stand and approach her. They would each have a few moments to touch her while she was still clothed. They would not be allowed to say anything to her or touch her with anything other than their hands, but she could speak to them and say what felt good and what to not do.

When John had told her about this step, she had been surprised and pleased, since most men, in her experience, don't see the value and sensuality in clothed touching. Plus, it was a way to sort of warm-up to the experience. Another likely female addition.

After each man had a turn, John would approach her and undress her completely. There she would stand, naked, in front of the men. Then, as before, they would each approach her and have a few moments to touch her however they saw fit. They would be allowed to caress her breasts, to rub her pussy or ass. The same rules as before applied, John could step in if anything went too far, and she was free to express her pleasure or displeasure, her desires, and her feelings.

Once all the men had taken their turn, John would bring a chair out to the center of the circle. She would sit in the chair, spread her legs, and masturbate while the men watched. She would initially just use her fingers, but after a few minutes, she would be allowed to use her vibrator to make herself cum, relieving the sexual tension and energy that had built-up over the course of the evening. At that point, all the men would leave, and John would have her all to himself.

The idea of being the entertainment for a group of men she did not know and could not see was both scary and arousing. She would be ogled and touched and lusted after by all these men, knowing that she was wanted. She would be used as a toy, not for sex per se, but still for sexual pleasure. John was giving her away, letting these man have a taste of what he has every day, using her as a way to get this same taste from other men's wives.

She smiled at that part. John had been perfectly honest that part of the appeal of this was, of course, being able to touch and look at the other's wives. And he admitted that, at least for those women who would themselves have enjoyed a chance at the flip-side of the coin, it was unfair that the anonymity applied in only one direction. But he was not given a chance to make his own rules, he'd said, only to take them or leave them. Leigh was willing to take them.

John had attended two events hosted by other members. That was the way it worked, he'd explained: a new member got to go to two events before he was expected to host one of his own. Leigh had waited up for him each night, anxious to hear how it had gone. There were of course limits to what he could say, given the anonymity of it, but he had told her as much as he could.

The first time, he had of course been nervous. The man hosting had only done so once before, and things had not gone very smoothly; when they arrived, they had to wait outside for 10 minutes because his wife wasn't ready yet. When they were finally let in, the room was in disarray and they had to find their own chairs. Several of the men, whose names Leigh or course did not know, but many of whom John told her were pretty high-powered, were left to pull a sofa across the room for themselves, an image Leigh rather liked.

In John's censored retelling, the host's wife was a tall woman, skinny, in her early 30s. The couple had no children, and as John put it, that was probably for the best, since her hips were so narrow she wouldn't have been able to take it. They'd made John go first, as the new member, and he was nervous. He had put his hand on her arm, slowly moving it up over her shoulder. She'd seemed incredibly uneasy, reacting strongly to his touch, pulling away, her body almost trembling, all of which only made it harder for him to do much, he'd told Leigh after. He sat down, barely having brushed his hand over her (in his telling, barely-there) breasts. The other men seated around him mocked him for his hesitance, he'd said.

When the second round came, and John walked up to this now completely naked woman, he had been only marginally bolder. He had walked around her, both to enjoy the full view and to give himself a moment to breathe. He'd reached out with one hand and cupped her ass, while running his other up her spine. She's moaned at that, and he relaxed slightly. As he walked back around to her front, he placed both his hands on her shoulders and run his fingers along her clavicle, then down over her breasts. He took one breast in each hand and massaged them, the nipples hard against his palms. The moaning was almost constant now, and he could see the woman's lip quivering.

He'd moved his hands down, placing one on her hips and the other on the mound of her pubic bone. She was, John had told Leigh, a "natural red-head," something John had never seen in person before. He'd run his fingers through her red pubic hair, which made the woman whimper in pleasure. He was surprised when she opened her legs and whispered "rub my clit." He did as he was told, which elicited a yelp of pleasure. "That feels amazing, fuck" she'd said, grinding her pussy against his hand. She moaned again, this time more powerfully. His time up, he sat down, one of the men asking him what it was he'd done to her clit that had brought about that reaction; apparently she was something of a quiet "performer," and was not known to respond so strongly. His first time, he was already making an impression.

That night, when John told her all this while she masturbated, she knew she'd made the right decision. The only jealousy she felt was the burning, passionate kind that turned her on. She felt no real competition with this nameless, faceless, skinny redhead, all she cared about was that her man had wowed her with the same sexual prowess she received whenever she wanted it. She came hard that night.

One month later was John's second event. This was with one of the group's founding members, a wealthy and important couple, John had told her. There was no fumbling for seats or waiting in the cold this time; no, this couple had done this many times before, and everything went smoothly. The wife, it seemed, was also better entertainment; she was a woman in her mid-fourties, "average looking," John had said, but with much more in the way of energy. As John retold this evening's encounter, Leigh could tell that he'd enjoyed himself a great deal.

From the preceding men's turns, John could tell that this woman was really into it, talking to each as he took his turn with her, moaning and responding to each touch. When John's turn came, he had walked up to her with confidence and put both hands on her breasts. "Ooo, goes straight for what he wants," the woman had said. "That's it, knead them. Play with them. Can't wait until you can see them naked, can you?" In keeping with the rules, John didn't respond. But he had moved his hands down to her thighs, which he massaged through her slacks. When he moved his hand up to her crotch, the woman had said "yes, fuck, rub my pussy...it's getting wet from all this attention." He'd walked around behind her and given her a playful spank. The woman laughed and said "harder!" He did as he was told. She repeated, "harder!" and he did it again, his hand slamming her ass with a crack. She'd moaned and said, "I can tell you're the new one...I like you. I'm looking forward to your next turn."

As he retold it to Leigh, when John's next turn came and he approached this completely naked woman, he had paused for a moment, not knowing what to do first. For her age, she was in quite good physical condition, her breasts firm and her skin toned. John had never seen a woman of this age naked in person before, and he honestly didn't know what they liked. So he started right off with the one thing he knew she seemed to like; he walked around behind her and slapped her ass. She'd yelped in what John initially feared was pain, but a split-second later said, as before, "harder!" He did as he was told, though not quite as hard as his hardest from before, fearing he would leave a mark. He'd then walked around front of her, cupping her breasts in his hands. "There you go," she'd said. "Are they what you were hoping they'd be?" He of course did not respond, but instead rubbed his nipples in-between his finger and thumb, which earned him a loud moan and a whispered "I knew I liked this one."

After a few moments on her breasts, he had slid his hands down over her sides, resting them on her hips. He just held them there briefly, waiting for a reaction. He got it. "Fuck, stop teasing me and finger my cunt." He'd smiled at that, and slowly slid his hand down over her pelvis and cupped it over her pussy. He placed his fingers on either side of her clit and began rubbing, which got him a deep moan. "Yesss," she said. "Yess. Fuck. Now put a finger inside me."

John froze, not knowing if this was allowed. But she knew the rules as well as anyone, he figured, and he went ahead and did as she'd asked, sliding his index finger inside her pussy. "Oh my God," she said in response. "Fuck yes. Fuck yes." John grew even more bold, curling his finger around and rubbing her G-spot. This earned him another yelp of pleasure, followed by more moaning. He moved his other hand back up to her breast, kneading it as he had earlier. When his time was up and he slid his finger out of her pussy, she whispered "thank you."

Though Leigh would (probably) never know that woman's name, she wanted to thank her as well. John again told her that story while the two lay in bed naked, one hand on his hard-on and the other with her vibrator on her pussy, and she loved every second of it. She imagined this woman feeling the kind of pleasure she herself felt at John's touch, she imagined the jealousy that woman, who didn't even know John's name, must feel for her, given that she could feel that same pleasure whenever she wanted. Leigh held back, not letting herself cum while John finished the story, including the part about how the woman had made herself cum incredibly hard at the end, demanding that she be allowed to finish with him inside her. He was more than happy to oblige, and when she came, it felt like her whole body would explode from the pleasure. She lay there, unable to move, unable to speak, for several minutes.

As she got out of the shower and dried off, she ran through the rest of the evening in her head. She and John had practiced it several times in the last few days, twice today alone. But still she was nervous. How could she not be? She stood in front of the mirror and stared at herself, knowing that soon, close to a dozen men she had never and probably would never meet would be staring at her. She knew she was sexy, but had never believed herself as sexy as John and others had told her she was. Dieting, waxing, and shaving had gotten her here, and there was nothing more she could do now. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath.

Leigh took some time picking her bra and panties for tonight; never before had this many people, let alone this many men, seen her in her underwear, especially not in this kind of intimate way. She settled on a pair of black boy-short panties and a matching black bra; sexy and flattering, but not too ostentatious. She then put on a black and white dress; it seemed to her, contrary to what the other women had done, that a dress would be more enjoyable than pants. She hoped the men didn't judge her for that. It seemed a strange thing to worry about, given that these men would soon be touching her and using her for their own pleasure, but in a strange way, she still wanted to impress them. John assured her that she would be the hottest "entertainer" they'd seen in at least the last 3 months, and almost certainly longer, but she was still self-conscious. She hoped he was right.

She walked out into the living room. It was 6:15, plenty of time before the men would arrive. John had finished setting things up and was waiting for her. He smiled at her softly, sweetly; not the kind of smile you expect from a man who's about to give his wife's body away for other men's pleasure.

"You look beautiful," he said.

"I wear this every day," she said dismissively. Secretly, though, it made her feel better.

"You're beautiful every day," he replied. She looked down and blushed.

"Thank you," she said.

He walked over and kissed her cheek. "You're going to do great. They're going to love you." She felt her pussy stir at that. "And if you don't wa-"

"Stop," she said, more forcefully than she'd intended to. "I want to do this. I'll tell you if I change my mind, but stop offering."

"Ok," he said softy. "Do you want to run through it again?"

"Yes," she said, glad that she had not upset him, not that he'd have any grounds to be upset under the circumstances.

He took her hand and walked her to her place in the room, at the center of the seats. Between the couch and the chairs, there was room for 12 men; John said he wasn't sure how many were coming, but he thought it would be somewhere between 7 and 10.

"Do you want to do this one blindfolded?" he asked.

"Yes, please," she said. "I want to try doing it that way at least one time. I get how it all is going to work now, I just want to feel it for real."

John walked over to the counter and picked up the blindfold and the ear plugs. "These, too?" he asked.

"Yes, those, too," she said. She was less sure about that, but better to do the real thing at least once. There was time for another trial run if she needed it.

He walked around behind her and put the blindfold over her eyes, tying it tightly. "This too tight?" he asked softly?

She shook her head. "It's fine," she said.

He kissed her on the cheek and handed her the ear plugs. "You put these in yourself," he said.

She did as she was told, putting both plugs in her ears. Everything was quiet for a few seconds. Very quiet. She was glad she'd decided to do a test run with these in, it was somewhat disorienting to be standing there in such quiet. She heard a soft mumbling, but she couldn't make out what John had said. She pulled out one plug. "What?"

"I just asked if you could understand what I said, and apparently you couldn't," John said. It sounded like he was smiling, but with the blindfold on, she couldn't tell.

"I guess not," she said. "Should I put them back in?"

"Yes," John said softly. She did so, and again was bathed in silence.

She stood still as she could feel John moving around her. She twitched as she felt his hand glide over her left hip, softly following him around. This is so hot she thought suddenly. She wondered if she would feel the same way when it wasn't her husband walking around her. He cupped her ass in his hands and squeezed. She smiled a little, knowing that he was probably really enjoying this "practice run."
