 The three of us got a good nights sleep following our exhausting fuck session of the previous day. My buddy Tim and myself, Jonny, spend the good part of the afternoon fucking our friend Shannon’s big soft tits and her extremely tight asshole. Just after Tim had finished blowing his huge load all over Shannon’s fleshy tits, and I fucked her tits one final time, Shannon had mentioned that her friend Mary would love to join our fuck parties.

I picked Shannon up at about noon the following weekend and we headed over to Mary’s place. Shannon was once again looking extremely sexy. She was wearing a blue baby-t that just barely fit over her outstanding tits. She was also wearing a baggy pair of jeans that rode half way down her ass revealing a white thong. I wanted to pull over right there and fuck her right in her moist cunt, but we already had plans. Shannon guided me through city until we pulled up to a pretty big house in a suburb of Toronto. We knocked on the front door and it was answered by quite the site. Greeting us at the door was Mary, and she was fucking hot. She was a middle-aged woman, probably about forty, but sexy as hell. She had short black hair and a pair of gorgeous green eyes. She was wearing a string bikini top that was not doing a very good job of containing the two big tits inside of it. Her double-ds were literally exploding out of the top. She had a towel wrapped around her waist. She was definitely a MILF.

“You must be Jonny”, said Mary in a very sultry voice.

“That’s right, and I’m assuming that you’re Mary. Shannon was right. You are a hot number. I can’t believe you are a mother with a body like that.”

“I take great care to keep my body looking like this. Shan tells me you are a real tit-man. Is that right? She told me at work last week about how you fucked her tits into total oblivion.”

“Oh yeah. My buddy Tim and I really gave her titties a good fucking. We slid our pricks between her tits until we blew our loads all over her. We even fucked her tits at the same time. It was amazing.”

“Fuck that would have been hot. I can’t wait to feel your hardon between my tits”, moaned Mary as she rubbed her hands all over her boobs. “Oh, that reminds me. Your friend Tim called and said he wouldn’t be able to make it until later this afternoon.”


“Well, it looks like you have us to yourselves for a while, Jonny”, laughed Shannon as the three of us walked into Mary’s house.

Mary led us into the great room of the house where she had a video playing on the TV. A woman with a nice set of jugs was getting her tits fucked by a very well hung young stud. “This looks like a good movie”, I said as I sat down on the couch. “That guy is really giving that slut a nice tit-fuck.”

“I just love watching porn. It makes me so fucking wet”, said Mary as she dropped the towel that was around her waste to reveal a nice shaved cunt. She moved her hand to her pussy and spread her lips for me, giving me a sensational view. After rubbing her snatch for a few seconds, she moved her hand to her mouth and sucked on her index finger that was glistening with her juices. “Mmmmm, I taste so sweet.”

Shannon who was sitting on the floor crawled over to where Mary was standing and positioned herself so her face was right in her pussy. She was making sure that her ass was sticking right in my direction, giving me a good view of those low-cut jeans that revealed that sexy thong. I watched the show for a while as Shannon sucked on Mary’s cunt. I got up to get a closer look and made a circle around the ladies. Shannon was right. Mary probably had the nicest ass I had ever seen. I bet her husband loved to fuck that ass. It was absolutely perfect. Shannon was now fucking Mary’s cunt with her fingers and really giving her clit a good licking. My cock was as hard as a steel rod. I was now standing besides the two sluts, facing them, and Mary reached over with her hands and started to undo my jeans, first feeling my hardon. “Oooh. This feels nice. I better get this thing out so I can play with it.”

Mary managed to get my pants down to my ankles, and then pulled down my underwear, letting my prick spring free. I removed my pants and underwear, and Mary started to jerk my boner with her perfectly manicured hand. “Oh baby, you’re so hard and dripping so much glorious precum.” She used her hand to rub my precum all over my cock, making it nice and slick. She then coaxed more of my juice out of my cock and tasted it. “It tastes so nice baby. When I get precum in my mouth, I get so fucking hot and wet.”

Mary continued to jerk me off as Shannon sucked on her pussy. I moved my hands to Mary’s big meaty double-ds and kneaded them like I was making bread. They were so soft and I just couldn’t wait to get them wrapped around my boner. Shannon then looked up to Mary and gave her that patented nasty grin of hers. “Feed me his cock Mary.” Shannon turned her head so she was facing me and Mary led my cock into her mouth. Shannon moved her head back and forth, using her wet mouth like a cunt. Her mouth felt amazing around my prick. As Shannon fucked my cock with her mouth, Mary was now removing her top. Once she pulled it off, her tits exploded into view. The were outstanding as she started to rub them and play with her nipples as she watched Shannon give me some head. 

“Get down their and help your slut friend suck my prick”, I suggested. Mary obliged and got down on her knees next to Shannon. Shannon was so enthralled in her cock-sucking that she did not want to give it up to her friend. Mary then moved her head towards my crotch and started to suck on my balls. Her tongue felt so hot and wet against my sac. She then alternated taking each ball into her mouth. This did not interfere with Shannon’s sucking of my hardon. Mary then left my balls and diverted her attention to my stick. Shannon finally gave it up and moved her mouth off of me. Mary immediately took my spit coated cock down her throat. This woman could really suck a mean cock. I’m sure she has had a lot of experience. Mary moved her mouth over my cock like a pro. I couldn’t believe how sloppy a blowjob she was giving me.

“Fuck her mouth Jonny. Fuck her mouth like you and Tim fucked mine. Feed that hard cock to her face”, said Shannon as she started to take off her baby-t. I took Mary’s hands and moved them to her side. I then took a hold of the sides of her head and started to slowly work my cock in and out of her mouth, using it like a cunt. “That’s it Jonny. Feed her that cock. Make her take that cock down her throat. Fuck her face. Who would have thought that such a beautiful housewife could take such a face fucking?” Shannon now had her top and jeans off and was kneeling on the floor in just her thong. She was now playing with Mary’s pussy as I fucked her mouth. “Oooh, her cunt is so wet Jonny. I bet your cock would slide right in there.”

“Well let’s give it a try then.” I took my cock out of Mary’s mouth and led her over to the couch. I got her to bend over the front of the couch, letting her stomach and chest rest on the seat. She stuck her ass high into the air, awaiting my pole. I lined myself up behind Mary and placed my drooling cock at her cunt hole. She was extremely wet and my cock slid in with no problems. “Fuck! You were right Shan. Her cunt is so fucking tight.” And it was. I had never fucked a pussy this tight. I couldn’t believe that she had given birth. I started fucking her pussy at a steady pace, driving my cock in deeper with every thrust. Shannon had now crawled over to where we were and put her face right up to the action. She moved her hands to Mary’s gorgeous ass and spread her ass cheeks, giving an extremely hot view to her asshole and my hard cock pistoning in and out of her cunt.

“Ooooh. Look how wet her cunt is. Fuck your cock looks hot sliding in and out of her tight pussy. That’s it baby, pump her with your big prick. Make her scream with pleasure.” Shannon was the master of dirty talk as I had recently found out. Her filthy dialog made me insane with lust and I started to really pound her girlfriend’s cunt. The slapping noises of our bodies were extremely loud and complimented by my moans and Mary’s screams of pleasure.

“Oh Jonny. Fuck me. Fuck my tight cunt. Feed me that cock. Pump that cock in my cunt. I can’t believe how fucking hard you are. Fuck! I’m coming!” Mary screamed in orgasm as I continued to pound her pussy. The room smelled of raunchy sex, and it was making me that much more horny.

“Feed me you cock Jonny. Let me taste her cunt juices on your cock”, moaned Shannon as she opened her mouth, waiting for her prize. I slowly slid my cock out of Mary’s cunt and slid it into Shannon’s waiting mouth. I pumped it in and out a couple times and then pulled it out. “Oh baby, that tastes sooo good. Put it back in her cunt and then feed it to me again.” Taking her advice, I slid my prick back into Mary’s pussy and continued to fuck her nice and slow. Shannon then spread Mary’s ass cheeks apart again and moved her face to her asshole where she began to rim her girlfriend. Shannon’s tongue danced around Mary’s perfect little asshole as I fucked her in her cunt.

“That’s it Shan. Eat her ass. Make it nice and wet.” I pulled my cock out of Mary’s cunt again and Shannon took me into her mouth again, savoring the taste of Mary’s juices and my precum. It was so hot seeing Shannon take my cock into her throat, straight from Mary’s cunt. I then started to slap my cock onto Mary’s puckered asshole. The juices were splattering all over as I did this.

“Oh, so juicy baby. Her ass and cunt are so juicy. Put it back in her pussy.” I put it back in her cunt and continue fucking again. Mary then turned around looking at myself and Shannon.

“I want to taste it baby. Put it in my mouth.” Mary then spun around and slid down so her back was to the front of the couch. I stood up and she took my slimy cock into her mouth immediately, while using her hands to finger her well-fucked cunt. She bobbed her head back and forth, making my cock feel like a bundle of nerves. “Oh baby, you gotta show me how much of a tit-fucking expert you are. Mary sat herself on the edge of the couch and spread her legs, making for the most erotic site I had ever seen. She then spit into her cleavage, making her sweaty tits glisten even more than they already were. Shannon then laid back on the couch spread her legs.

“Come fuck me in the cunt and get your cock nice and wet. Then fuck her tits”, said Shannon. I got between her legs and slid my cock into her snatch. This was actually the first time I had fucked Shannon in her pussy. We had spent all of our time fucking her mouth, tits and ass. Her cunt felt like butter, and she was soaking wet. I spent a few minutes fucking her and then pulled my dripping boner out. “Now fuck her tits with your juicy cock baby.”

I stood up and stood in front of Mary who was still in her same position, ready for the tit-fucking of a lifetime. I placed my slippery cock between Mary’s big tits and she instinctively wrapped them around me. “Oh fuck”, she said as her tits and my cock melded into one. “Oh baby, fuck ‘em.” I slowly started to pump my prick between her tits. They felt so soft around my cock. Shannon’s cunt juice proved to be a very effective lubricant. “Oh, I can smell Shannon’s cunt on your cock baby. It’s making me so wet and horny. Slide that boner between my tits. Make me fucking cum baby.”

I pumped between Mary’s tits a couple more times and then moved back over to Shannon. I slid my cock into her cunt again and continued to fuck her. “Fuck Shan. You’re even wetter now than you were before”, I laughed as I pounded my prick in and out of her pink, shaved cunt. She was now fingering her clit as my rod slid in and out of her pussy.

“Watching your slide your big, hard boner in her cleavage is making me so wet Jonny. I could watch you fuck her tits all night. I looked over at Mary and she was fingering her pussy as I fucked Shannon. I then pulled my cock out of her cunt and again moved back between Mary’s jugs. I was almost out of control now. I was fucking Mary’s tits like it was the end of the world. Mary looked down so that she could see the head of my cock shoot out of the top of her cleavage.

“Oh look at all of that precum ooze out of your cock onto my tits baby. Oh fuck my titties baby. Fuck them. You like my big soft tits wrapped around your cock?” She then stuck her tongue out and started to lick my head as it popped out of her cleavage. Some of my precum stretched from her lips to my cock as I continued to bang her boobs. I was now forcing enough of my cock up out of her cleavage so that she could get the entire head of my cock into her mouth.

“How does my cunt taste on his cock, you slut. Do you like how my cunt juice is making it nice and slippery between your tits so Jonny can slide his cock between them? Oh, it smells so nice, doesn’t it? That ‘s it Jonny, fuck her big tits. Make her feel like the dirty slut she is. Fuck her tits and fuck her mouth. That’s it” I released my cock from her tit trench and forced it into Mary’s mouth. I fucked her face for a couple minutes and then went straight back to her tits. She wrapped them around me again and I continued driving my pole in her soft tunnel of tit-love. “Oh, I want you between my tits too Jonny”, said Shannon as she positioned herself next to Mary in the same position.

I stuck my cock in Mary’s mouth again and she really did a good job of making my cock nice and slick so I could continue pounding Shannon’s tits. After my cock was dripping with Mary’s saliva, I positioned myself in front of Shannon and she then wrapped her boobs around me. I fucked her soft, meaty tits. The creamy white skin of her tits, and hard pink nipples looked great against my darker cock. My boner slid up and down between her tits. “You’re right Shannon. This guy knows how to fuck a set of tits. I wish we were introduced a long time ago”, said Mary as she watched me pump Shannon’s big tits with my cock. Mary moved her mouth to Shannon’s and the two of them started making out while I drove my boner between the two sweaty mountains that Shannon was squishing around my prick. I put my hand on Mary’s head and pulled my cock out of my tantalizing tit-tunnel. I moved Mary’s head down and she knew what I wanted. She took my hardon into her mouth and sucked me into her throat. After sucking me off for a moment, Mary then placed my cock back between Shannon’s jugs, and wrapped them around me with her hands. She held them around my prick as she coaxed me to continue my tit-fucking.

I was in heaven. Two big titted tramps who loved getting their chests boffed as much as I liked boffing them. Shannon now burst into orgasm as I shoved my prick in and out of her tit flesh. Mary layed herself down on the floor and I straddled her chest, resting my cock between her massive titties. “Come on Jonny, finish off all over my tits. Cum all over my tits and then me and Shannon will clean all of your cum off of me.” I leaned forward, placing my hands on the floor next to Mary’s head and started driving my cock between her tits like I had something to prove. Shannon now had herself positioned between Mary’s legs, lapping away at her soaked cunt. Between my hard cock pistoning between her tits, and Shannon’s skilled tongue licking her clit, Mary let out a scream, and her ignited in orgasm. Shannon then made her way up to where we were and watched closely as my cock slid in the cleavage of her friend.

“Come on Jonny. Blow your load between her tits. Soak her tits with your hot spunk so we can taste your seed. Fuck her tits baby. Fuck them hard. Now both of these whores were talking filthy, trying to make me explode. Well, they were successful, because within a couple seconds, my jizz shot out of my prick in the cleavage of Mary. I couldn’t believe how much cum was being ejected. Blast after blast coated Mary’s tits as I continued fucking them while I shot my load. After about 9 or 10 spurts, I was spent and Mary released her tit clamp to reveal a pool of my cum between her mounds. Her tits were soaked and slick with all of our juices. Shannon rubbed the cum all over her tits and then moved her face down to the treasure, lapping the cum into her mouth. Mary was moaning as Shannon’s mouth moved over her tits. Mary sat up and moved one of her tits to her mouth and tasted the cum that had just been deposited there. I then took her other tit into my mouth and could taste the nasty concoction of my jizz, Shannon’s cunt juice, both of their saliva, and Mary’s sweat. Just sucking one her tits were sending bolts of energy straight to my cock. It wouldn’t be long before I could get going again.

“Fuck Jonny. You should get paid for fucking tits like that”, laughed Mary in an exhausted voice. “I’ve never had my tits fucked like that. The only thing that could compare to that was once in college, four guys took turns fucking my tits until they all blew their load all over my face and tits. But you just being one guy topped that whole experience.”

“Thanks babe. I would just like to complement you both on taking my cock between your tits like a couple of pros. I can’t wait until Tim gets here so he can experience getting his cock off between your knockers Mary.”

To be continued.