 This story is a continuation from the Big Bra Shop series. Please send me your feedback or post a comment.

*

The Bra Shop was reaching legend status around town, interstate and even internationally. Girls and some guys would come in and say that they had heard about from friends and on the internet. It appeared that we were onto something big, if you'll excuse the pun.

Business was good in fact it was booming but Brad and I new that we were really only scratching the surface as customers had to actually come into the store to buy. We had taken numerous calls and received loads of e-mails but buying bras is a very personal thing. They needed to try them on or at the very least see them on someone to see if they actually liked the style, colour etc. 

After that afternoon when we meet and dare I say fucked senseless Anna and Garry we had been so busy that we hadn't gotten around to getting our online catalogue completed. This was about to change as we attacked this project with renewed vigor.

We set up the website with the help of Gary and the first thing we put on it was a competition to find models for our Stacked and Packed catalogue. The ad went like this:

The Big Bra Shop is the world's only truly specialty boutique that caters exclusively for those people who are well endowed, not just big but massive. We cater for the extreme both for ladies and gents. We are looking for suitably endowed people willing to model our exclusive range of lingerie and gentlemen's apparel. So if you think you measure up send us your details with a few photos. Winners will be announced in the following categories: Biggest bust, extreme cock and erotic couples. Winners will receive two years free merchandise and will get to appear as the models in the first edition of Stacked and Packed.

Well with the site up and the competition announced it was hopefully only a matter of time before the entries starting coming in.

Brad and I were extremely excited as we went home that night. We couldn't wait to check our e-mails to see if we had any entries. As we logged in our excitement grew and weren't to be disappointed. We had five e-mails from and by the looks we had three from girls and two from guys, not a bad start.

Brad told me to open the first one and I was shocked, shocked that a stranger would be so open. The photos were awesome. The young lady looked about 25 and was sported a huge set of tits, they were not only large but full and sat high her chest. Her nipples were large and hard pointing skyward. I asked Brad if he thought they were natural and he said he did. Her name was Karen and she came from New Zealand. One photo had a close up her with a measuring tape wrapped around her massive chest. The tape told us that her breasts were around 44inches and by the looks they would have been FF as confirmed by her e-mail. She included some of her in some lingerie which clearly showed that she was in need of some of our bras. Her poor titties were being squashed into a bra that was obviously too small for her. 

As I read the email Brad stood beside me in jeans looking on curiously over my shoulder. As I turned I could see a massive bulge growing in his shorts.

"Mmmm, like those do we big boy?" I asked.

"Hell yeah, they're awesome, big, firm and full just like I like them, you should know that honey, I just adore yours and these are close to those beauties of yours," replied Brad.

I ran my hand over his rapidly stiffening cock his hugeness pressing against his jeans.

Brad's a bit of a show off as you could imagine and ran his own hands over his cock.

"Boy this thing would like a bit of that," said Brad.

"I'm sure it would, I'm sure it would," I replied.

The next few e-mails were a little disappointing. The girls were big ranging from around 36 DD to 42 EE but none looked like the type of girl we needed. So far Karen was the best of the lot. 

I had left the two from the guys till the end. I opened the first one and was confronted by a guy who looked like he was about 30 sporting quite a nice size cock. 

"Hey Brad, what do you think? Big enough?" I asked.

"No way babe, have a look he couldn't be any bigger than about 10 or 11 inches fully hard. I bet he thinks he's got the biggest goddam cock in the world. Look at how he's posing with that thing," replied Brad scoffing at the picture.

"Mmmm, its nice but you're right I was kind a hoping for something way bigger," I added.

As we debated what we would do if we couldn't find a guy that measured up a new e-mail arrived.

It was from a guy called Seb. I opened it as Brad continued to go off about the last guy and his pencil dick as he described it. Brad was about to leave the room when I opened the first of the six photos Seb had attached.

"Sweet Jesus! Brad come here and have a look at this will you. Tell me it can't be real will you!!" I shouted to my husband.

Brad wondered back to stand beside me curious as to what had got me so excited.

"Holy shit, what the fuck is that!" he said.

"I think it's a cock only its unbelievably big, do you think it could be.. do you think it could be real??" I asked Brad.

"No way, fuck the guy looks about 20 at the most. He must have enhanced it some how although it does look real." He replied.

By now I was getting excited. I looked down and saw that my nipples were protruding through my top. This didn't go unnoticed by Brad.

"Like what you see do you hey honey, does that big cock get you all worked up." He teased.

"Shit yeh, how big do you think it would be when fully hard??" I asked.

"Who knows, let's have a closer look at this. Looking at the guy he would seem to be around 6 foot looking at the door to his right and if that is the case he cock would have to be at least a footlong and it's not even hard," added Brad.

"Fuck a footlong soft. Shit babe your's is only 10 inches soft, don't tell me this guy could be bigger than you!!" I asked.

Unconsciously I started rubbing my own enormous tits as looked at this young Adonis with the enormous cock. Of course my initial focus was on the tremendous piece of meat hanging between his legs but now I was able to tear my eyes of his cock and look at the other photos. These showed the guy to be extremely fit and heavily muscled, not over the top huge but strong. He looked as they say, ripped. His broad shoulders sitting on top of perfect pecs below which sat an awesome six pack of granite hard abs. Fuck he was specimen. His legs were well muscled like the rest of him and I couldn't see a strand of hair anywhere on his body.

By now I was beside myself, not only hand my hand wondered inside my top to feel my own tit flesh and erect nipples my other hand had slipped comfortably into my panties feeling the ever growing moisture.

Even Brad was impressed, although I could he was a little jealous of this young guy.

"Ok, sure he's fit, athletic and looks like he has a cock the size of a small baseball bat but can he get it up and if he can does it get any bigger. The way I see it I've got 14 inches of prime hard cock and he's got 12 inches of soft meat," said Brad.

"Yes but what if does get bigger, what if grows like yours, what if it's bigger than yours..." I replied.

"Now steady on there babe, I know your getting all excited by the thought, shit look at you you're a mess, your tits look like they about to explode, your pussy is literally dripping on the chair and your gasping for air, shit are you cumming, are you cumming just by looking at a photo of this guy!!" asked Brad.

"Oooh, fuck I think I am, I'm I'm cumming, oh god it feels so gooood!!" I panted.

At that point I must have lost it all together. I'm not sure exactly how but by the time I calmed down and got a hold of myself I had torn my shirt off, ripped my bra apart at the front and pulled my panties to the floor.

Brad was beside himself. He had never before seen me like this and obviously he found it an extreme turn on as he had whipped out his tremendously hard cock and was now stroking himself. Of all the things we had done and we have done a lot I have never masturbated in front of him. Obviously he found this highly erotic as he huge cock was pulsating as his right hand took footlong strokes. His hand almost a blur. Now sooner had I come down from my own very intense climax than Brad approached his. He spun me around in the chair standing in front of me my breasts exposed, my bra in tatters pussy juice everywhere.

"Well you are quite a mess honey and guess what I'm about to add to it. Where do you want babe, where??" said Brad barely able to control his massive pulsating cock.

"Of fuck, shoot it on my big titties honey, you know I love that, shot it big all over them," I said now cupping and squeezing my massive tits together.

"Oh shit here it comes, its going to be huge!!" Brad yelled his right hand still a blur.

The first shot from his cannon was immense. It gushed out exploding from his huge cock head to sail high into the air before hitting me square on in the cleavage causing a river of cum to run down between my tits to my navel. But my big boy wasn't finished there oh no, he shot load after load first over my tits then my face as I stick out my tongue to catch his sweet nector. After the tenth shot he slowed down, a big smile on his face.

"Now this kid might be big but can he do that, not one of the photos showed him with a hardon!" he boasted.

"Oh babe that was awesome, look at me I'm drenched in your stuff."

While all of this was going on we had failed to notice a new e-mail from the young guy.

Without even wiping Brad's cum from me I quickly clicked on it. The text said:

"Let me guess, your intrigued, your thinking fuck that kid's hung like a horse but can he get it hard, can he get it up and how big would it be, well I'd hate to keep you guessing so hopefully these photos will answer those questions.

I could hardly open the attachments fast enough. The first took my breath away. Here was Seb laying naked on a sofa his cock rock hard laying up his torso reaching past his nipples and resting near his color bone. 

"Oh god Brad look at this will you, are you seeing what I'm seeing!! Look how big it is it reaches his fucking shoulder," I screamed at Brad.

Brad was speechless, unable to say a word.

The next photo had Seb standing his massive cock standing proudly out from his ripped body a huge smile on his face. The next had him again laying down only this time he had a measuring tape which he held at the base of his gigantic cock near a set of massive balls. The tape stretched along its shaft clearly showing, wait for it.... 18 inches. 

This young stud boasted a cock that was four fucking inches bigger than Brad and a little bit thicker. UNBELIEVABLE!! My first thoughts were that I had to meet him, I had to feel that colossal cock for myself.

Poor Brad was having trouble speaking.

"Oh shit Cathy we have got to meet this guy. Look at him he's not hung like a horse he's hung like a rogue fucking elephant. Look how thick it is. It's thicker than his forearm," said Brad.

The next few photos featured a few lovely ladies playing with his immense cock. They were playing up for the camera with looks of shear horror on the faces as they confronted his monster cock. A few were brave enough to take its huge head in their mouths but none would even try it in their pussies.

"Brad we have a winner let's e-mail and tell him that we'd like to meet him in person to organize everything and fuck the expense I don't care where he lives he's coming here!!" I announced.

We sent Seb an e-mail telling him that we in awe of his hugeness and that he was without doubt the guy we were looking for to model or men's range of underwear. We offered to fly him in so that we could meet in person and do the photo shoot. Thankfully we accepted and we arranged for him to arrive in one weeks time, fuck I could hardly wait. This would be the hardest week of my life waiting to see this young stud with the mighty cock in the flesh.

The next day we told the girls at the shop that we had a BIG surprise in store for them but they'd have to wait until the next weekend before they got to see. The poor things were beside themselves. They knew that the contest to find the right guy to model the men's range was on and they suspected that we had found the guy.

Chloe kept pressing me for info asking if "he" was really huge and bigger than Brad.

I wouldn't tell but I'm sure the wicked smile on face gave it away. I just told them they'd have to wait.

That night when I got there was an e-mail waiting for me from Seb. It simply said "Get ready babe this is coming your way!!" When I opened the attachment it was full of photos of Seb naked with the hugest hardon I had ever seen. The poor boy looked almost deformed, something I'm sure he had been accused of many times in his life.

One photo in particular caught my attention. It was of Seb standing naked holding his massive shaft in his right hand. His hand was clearly not able to close around the shaft and on each side of his hand there was about 7 inches of shaft. The thing was absolutely huge and his body just so damn hot to go with it. It looked like he had just been working out as his muscles were pumped, veins clearly showing in his massive biceps and he had a light coverage of sweat all over.

It was insane. How could a guy have a body like this and a cock like that. I was feeling extremely horny and Brad wouldn't be home for a few hours to give a good fucking with his own massive cock so I sat back and closed my eyes imagining what it would be like to be in the arms of this big dicked Adonis. Soon my hands were in my panties as I thought of Seb standing there in front of me his tremendous cock mere inches from my face his cock head the size of an apple throbbing intensely.

The thought was too much for and soon I was in ecstasy my hand fully buried in my pussy to the wrist my left hand clasped firmly on my left breast squeezing the nipple hard.

After a few more minutes I was a howling mess lost in my own little world thinking of nothing but an 18 inch cock and the stud at the end of it. Between my squealing and the noise of my hand thrusting into my sopping pussy I failed to hear the door open and as I finally calmed down I saw Chloe standing at the door way he eyes fixed on the screen in disbelief.

Chloe was the first to speak.

"Oh my god Cathy who is that? What is that?" she said pointing at the screen.

Her voice snapped me out of what was an awesome climax. I was still panting drawing in deep breaths suddenly aware that Chloe had just watched me get off on the picture of this stud.

"That my friend is the BIG surprise I was talking about. What do you think, impressive isn't he."

"Oh shit Cathy that can't be real can it. Surely no guy has a cock that big. For fuck's sake it must be 16 inches long.." gasped Chloe.

"Actually its 18 inches," I corrected her.

Chloe, the sweet young thing with massive tits came over and stood beside me her eyes still transfixed on the screen. It was then that she looked down and noticed that my panties were still around my ankles and my tits exposed. What happened next surprised me still more. Chloe stood directly behind me and started rubbing my shoulders.

"Mmmmm, that feels sooooo good Chloe," 

Chloe didn't reply but kept massaging my shoulders before slowly working her hands down to my tits which she started to cup and massage as well. She tweaked my hardening nipples between her thumb and forefinger.

"Ohhh Chloe, that's so good, yeah baby, rub my big titties for me," I commanded.

Chloe did as directed and soon I could feel another climax building. I spun around in the chair and now faced Chloe. Chloe didn't need to be told and immediately dropped to her knees and buried her face in my pussy her tongue searching for my clit.

"Oh yeah, lick me, suck me drive that tongue in me. Ohh fuck I think I'm going to cum..." I said.

Chloe sat back and removed her top exposing her 44EE tits which she squeezed together. 

"Suck my titties Cathy, please suck them..." begged Chloe.

I lent forward and too her right breast in my mouth and sucked hard feeling her nipple grow between my lips. Chloe ran her hands through my hair holding me tightly as I licked and sucked her hard.

This was the first time that I had had full on sex with another girl and the sensation was awesome. Over the hour we licked and sucked each other tits and clits until we had climaxed numerous times. Throughout the session our conversation often returned to the big stud on the screen.

"Do you think you could actually take something that huge Cathy?" questioned Chloe.

"I don't know but I'm willing to die trying. Can you imagine the feeling of something that big pounding you," I replied.

"Yeah but aren't you afraid it would split you in two, look at the size of it, it even makes Brad look small," stammered Chloe.

"Don't tell him that I detect he's a little jealous of this stud already and if he here's you say he's small he might just lose it," I cautioned Chloe.

I had always enjoyed Brad playing with my big tits but today I found out just how enjoyable it was playing with someone else's tits. Chloe and I had a lot fun getting each other off.

When Brad finally arrived home he found Chloe and me drinking champagne and giggling like naughty schoolgirls. I think he suspected something but didn't ask and we didn't tell. I did tell him that we had received an e-mail from Seb confirming his arrival on the weekend and a few more pics (Chloe burst into laughter when I mentioned the pics). 

The next few days dragged on and on. The anticipation was growing amongst all of us as we eagerly awaited the arrival of Seb. Chloe was sworn to secrecy about the BIG surprise so that the other girls at the shop would told of what they were about to see.

We had arranged a barbeque for the weekend to coincide with Seb's arrival and at midday everyone had arrived. It was a hot sunny day and we all were in the mood for a few cold drinks a swim and whatever else should happen.

The girls, Marissa and Chloe were joined by our latest employee Summer a well stacked blonde, and it wasn't long before all three were strutting around in their bikinis showing off their considerable assets. Brad, well he just liked to watch the girls, their massive tits spilling from their tops as they pranced around.

Finally at 1pm a car pulled up out the front and a young man knocked at the door. I raced to open for him and was confronted by this unbelievably handsome guy. He looked fit in a surfy kind of way his blonde hair bleached from many hours in the sun. I introduced myself and showed him through.

When we arrived at the pool the girls were stopped in their tracks by this drop dead gorgeous guy. I did the introductions and offered Seb a beer. The girls, Chloe, Marissa and Summer were going gaga over Seb. They were hovering around hanging on his every word. Seb just took all this attention in his stride obviously comfortable with the attention of a bevy of big titted babes.

Well time had come for me to explain why Seb had joined us.

"Well ladies, I guess your wondering why I've invited Seb here today. You all know that we are about to launch our new online catalogue Stacked and Packed and we have being looking for some models to show off our range of extreme underwear. Well Seb here has been chosen as our male model for reasons that will soon become very obvious to you all," I proudly announced.

"Let's see him in the underwear Cathy" yelled Chloe.

"Yeah lets see him show us what he's got," added Marissa.

"OK OK I'll just take him inside and get some of the underwear for him so hold on tight ladies and be ready to be surprised," I giggled.
