 Last Saturday I decided to help at the Big Bra Shop to give Cathy a hand as she was extremely busy in the lead up to Christmas. I'd been there about 3 hours when a very cute blond walked in. Now all the girls who came in had something in common, huge tits but this girl was different.

She had that something special about her. She had that superstar eloquence about her as wondered around the shop casually looking at the bras. Let me describe her a bit more. She was about 5 foot 11 inches, mid twenties, had long blond hair that reached down to the small of her back, a slim waist, toned calves and tanned legs to die for. She was wearing a very expensive outfit of a white halter top and matching mini. 

But that wasn't all, to top off her awesome physic she had the most superb set of tits you could image. They were large, full and held themselves up proudly and just in case you hadn't been transfixed they by her tits they were topped off by nipples which provocatively protruded through the silk top just begging to be sucked, she was in deed quite a sight.

Cathy allowed her to browse for a few minutes and then introduced herself to the girl as the owner and asked if she could be of any assistance. The girl said that would be great and introduced herself as Anna. She asked a bit about the shop saying that where she came from they had no shops like this which catered purely for the well endowed. 

Cathy told her how the idea of the Bra Shop came about because like Anna she found it difficult to buy bras for herself. Anna browsed a bit longer before selecting half a dozen bras to try on. I had been making myself busy around the back but always with one eye on Anna. As Cathy showed Anna into the change rooms I made my move and wondered up to Cathy asking her if there was anything I could do to help around the shop. Before Cathy could answer Anna said that she could do with some assistance. You could have knocked me over with a feather when she invited both of us to join her in the change room. Apparently she wanted some expert opinions on which bras looked best. 

I couldn't believe my luck as Cathy introduced me to Anna. Once inside the change room Anna quickly removed her top and bra to expose an awesome set of tits. I could tell be the tan that she didn't mind sunbathing naked as her massive tits were bronzed all over. Cathy said that before we tried the first bra she wanted to measure Anna. I helped out by placing the tape around her back and got a giggle from Anna as I briefly brushed her rapidly hardening nipples. 42EE announced Cathy proudly.

I was struggling to contain a familiar stirring in my pants as Anna, who showed no signs of shyness, grabbed the first of the bras. It was at this time that Anna made the comment that guys were lucky they could see what a girl was like when she is fully dressed, how small there waist is, how long their legs and how big their tits are whereas girls could never tell how BIG a guy was until he was naked and then it was often too late when the guy pulled out a small cock. God hearing her talk so comfortably about this was making me hard and when you have 13 inches packed in your boxers that is no easy task.

To prove her point Anna said that while I was good looking with big strong shoulders she had no idea how big my cock might or might not be. She said that that is why when she found her husband she was determined to hold onto him forever. Cathy asked what was that her decide this. Anna simply replied that when you find a guy packing a 12 inch cock you don't walk away from it. 

Cathy decided to play it up and said "Oh my God, 12 inches, how do you take a monster like that?"

"It took a while to get use to I can tell you but once I did I could never go back to fucking some wimp dicked guy" replied Anna.

Anna pulled out her mobile phone and said here have a look at these I always keep a few photos of Garry on my mobile to remind myself of how lucky I am to be married to such a well hung stud. Sure enough the photos showed a guy with a massive cock. Some were of himself stroking it while other showed him burying it to the hilt up Anna's pussy.

Cathy decided to have a bit fun with Anna and asked her to guess how big I was. She said that she would be surprised if I topped 8 inches. Cathy said well lets have a look shall we. Anna offered to do help and undid my pants and dropped them to the floor. Suddenly Anna appeared less confident and somewhat unsure of herself.

"Oh my fucking God, what the fuck is that!" she exclaimed.

"Well lady, it more than fucking 8 inches I can tell you that" proclaimed Cathy suddenly in charge of the situation.

"How big?" stammered Anna.

"I could tell you but I'd rather you measure it for yourself" replied Cathy.

But before she did I thought that I'd give her a bit of a show and started to slow wank my cock to its full 13 inch length. Anna was beside herself. She had ripped off her new bra and panties and was playing with her pussy with one hand and her right nipple with the other. Finally I handed her the tape and she rolled it along my length. Like many before her she gulped as it went past the 12 inch mark and reached its full glory at 13 inches. 

"My god, your bigger that Garry" announced Anna.

"May I play with it?" she asked.

Cathy said that she would allow it on the one condition.

"What? Anything" begged Anna, "I've just got to have that cock stuff my pussy." 

"Get that husband of yours over here right now so that we can both have a huge cock up our pussies at the same time.

Anna came up with a great idea. She took out her mobile phone and asked me to pose for her so that she could send a photo to Garry who was shopping just down the road. We proceeded to take a few photos. One had me with a tape measure along my cock while the others had me pointing my cock at Anna's face and huge tits. She quickly sent the photos to Garry with a message that read "Cum quick, guy with 13 inch cock and wife with massive tits wants to fuck us NOW!"

Anna couldn't wait until Garry arrived so I relented and let her play with my horse sized cock. She tried but failed miserably to get her hands around it. Two hands helped as she stoked its full length. Cathy told her take it easy with "Babe".

"Why Babe?" asked Anna.

"I've named his horse cock after Babe Ruth because they both had huge bats and now how to use them," replied Cathy.

Anna next did something so erotic next that I nearly blew huge load all over myself. She rubbed my nipples with head of my cock. It was so erotic watching her manipulate the head of my cock from one nipple to the next leaving a trail of precum all over me. I bet you could suck yourself couldn't you asked Anna. Now this was something I have done but when you have a wife like Cathy who blows cock with the best of them I don't do it a lot but hell Anna seemed turned on by the idea so I bent over a little and looking Anna if the eyes licked the head of my cock. 

I'm sure Anna almost collapsed but instead she lent over and holding my cock put her lips over its head and kissed me at the same time. To enhance the sensation I pumped my cock in and out as we both felt it swell between our lips.

I took up a position standing in front of Anna who soon realized that a tit-fucking was on the cards. She wrapped her huge juggs around my cock. Cathy stood behind me and stroked my massive member as Anna eased herself up and down on my shaft. The sensation was too much. With Cathy squeezing my balls and Anna fucking me with her tits I unloaded a huge load of cum. The first few shots drenched Anna's beautiful face but she hardly flinched as she grabbed my jerking cock and aimed the next few shots at her nipples. I kept on cumming until Anna was completely soaked in my cum. The sight of cum dripping off her nipples was too much. Cathy couldn't help but get involve and having removed her bra sat opposite Anna and rubbed her huge tits on Anna's.

Just then Anna's phone rang. It was Garry to say that he was only a couple of minutes away from the shop. Anna looked at me and asked if I would be ready for more action. I didn't say a word I just let my huge cock do the talking as it began to grow again to its full length. A wry smile came over her face as she started to get the idea that in a few minutes would have not one but two massive cocks to fill her desires. Cathy on the other hand was looking forward to getting well and truly fucked and living out one of her fantasies of being fucked doggy style while sucking a horse size cock.

Garry arrived and we closed the store for the day. Quick introductions followed but the girls were in a hurry for some big dicken and they weren't about to be delayed.

Cathy took the initiative and undressed Garry saying that she couldn't wait to see the monster Anna hold told her about. She was not to be disappointed as Garry pulled out a huge cock. It may not have been quite the size of my monster but hey 12inches is big in any ones language.

Cathy started stroking it to its full potential and then asked us to each jerk off as she and Anna started to suck each others tits. The boys put on a show with Garry and me stroking our cocks with two hands slowly at first then building to a blur.

"Hold on guys, not so fast. We don't want you guys blowing it so quickly. We've got some serious fucking to go yet," shouted Anna.

We slowed down and Garry grabbed Cathy who immediately got down on her knees, Garry didn't need a written invitation and immediately slid his massive cock into Cathy's pussy which was dripping wet.

"Fuck, fuck. That feels so good. Now fuck me you big stud," yelled Cathy.

I moved to the front of Cathy and she quickly grabbed my cock and stuffed it into her mouth.

"How's that babe, 25 inches of rock hard cock. Not bad hey," I said.

Cathy was doing a great job taking both Garry and me. I looked over and Anna was taking photos of the action. After taking a few she slid beneath Cathy and to suck on her huge tits which were bouncy freely as Garry pounded her pussy. It was great, as Garry ploughed into her she would swallow more of my cock.

Cathy momentarily took my cock out of her mouth so that she could further encourage Garry.

"Is that the best you can do you big stud? I want you to really fuck me. Why do you think God gave you a 12 inch cock so that you could go on easy on girls like me! Now fucking split me in two you horse hung stud," demanded Cathy.

That was too much for Garry he fucked her like there was no tomorrow before screaming that he was cumming. He bucked his hips and poured the first few shots into Cathy before pulling out his still shooting cock to spray Cathy's back with his remaining cum.

I couldn't believe the sight that was before me. Cathy was almost collapsing, drenched in cum. Anna took my cock and started jerking it off in the direction of Cathy's face. I felt a familiar stirring as cum raced up my shaft just as I started to cum Anna placed her face between Cathy's tits and I covered it and my wife's tits with a huge load.

What an afternoon! Garry and Anna stayed around for a cold beer at which we chatted a bit more. Garry runs a software company specializing in on-line catalogues and over a few beers we agreed that Garry would help us with our catalogue. The girls decided that there must be a market for underwear for hugely endowed guys just like there is for massively endowed girls and the name of the catalogue was born – Stacked and Packed. We would get it on-line and kick it off with a competition to get customers to send in photos of themselves and be the Mrs Stacked and Mr Packed of the Year. But that like the catalogue is another story.