 I met Brad just after I graduated from college, and I knew he was the right one. We were both working in D.C. that summer, and my friend Cheryl introduced us at a party. He was tall, with a great build, a wonderful head of dark wavy hair, and a smile that almost made me melt when first we met. We spent that evening talking, laughing, and drinking. When he suggested we leave the party, I immediately said ok, intrigued by what the night would bring.

We got into a cab, and headed to a club to hear a band we both liked. After a few more drinks, we found ourselves singing along, having the time of our lives. We took a short walk from there back to Brad's apartment, holding hands and laughing the whole way.

We got back to his apartment, which he shared with two room mates. We sat on the couch, making small talk. I was getting turned on talking to him, his deep hypnotic eyes, his boyish good looks. The talk turned intimate, and soon we were talking about sex.

"A good-looking guy like you, I bet you've had your share," I teased, gently poking him in the rib, but letting my hand run over his taut body.

"You're the one to talk," he chided, "You must have had your pick of the boys in school." He looked at me and smiled. 

"That's sweet," I said. I kissed him, lightly at first, then more passionately as our tongues met. His lips were soft but firm, and as he probed me with his tongue his hands moved all over my body. He rubbed my back, and my hands also began an exploration of his physique. We retired to his bedroom. 

Brad then started removing my top, and I held up my arms to help. He rubbed my full 36 c breasts through my bra, while we continued kissing. My hand was now exploring his crotch, rubbing his stiffening cock through his jeans. Mmmm, I thought, this is promising. I love a man with a nice large endowment, and I was getting the feeling that Brad had something special for me in those jeans. I felt myself getting wet when I thought of Brad's big cock in my pussy.

Brad then unhooked my bra and pinched and rubbed my hardening nipples. He then lowered his head and began to lick and suck each nipple, slowly. I began to undo his belt and unclasp his Levi's. I wanted that cock like nothing before. Brad stopped, and we both stripped off the rest of our clothes. We took in the sight of each other's nakedness, and my heart began pounding. Brad had a big, beautiful cock, 8" cut, and I reached out and grasped it while we kissed passionately.

"Fuck me, put that big cock in me," I begged. I then felt his hand rubbing my pussy, and I gasped. Brad worked one finger over my slit while I stroked his huge shaft. He recommenced sucking my nipples while he continued to rub up and down my slit. Then he plunged a finger in deep and I let out on audible gasp. I lay back on the bed and spread my legs wide.

Brad fingered me slowly, while licking and sucking my nipples. He would pause, letting his thumb brush over my clit, then resume.

"Fuck me, fuck me," I implored.

He then moved between my legs and rubbed his big mushroom head all over my pussy opening. I put my hands on his back, trying to pull him into me. He then put the head in my pussy, then quickly withdrew it. i was going insane with desire. he was licking and blowing on my nipples, then rubbing the head all over my pussy. He inserted it again, then withdrew. I wanted the full length of his shaft, practically crying in anticipation. 

"Fuck me, do whatever you want to me."

He smiled, then reached over to his nightstand for something. He placed a blindfold around my eyes, and everything went black. I could feel his cockhead back in my pussy, and I relaxed. He had me spread out my arms and legs, and pushed it in a little deeper. Finally, I thought, I'm going to get fucked.

It was then that I felt my ankles and then my wrists being bound, with sharp clicks combining with the feeling of immobility. I was so turned on I didn't care. I felt Brad's tongue and lips on my nipples, and his cockhead in my pussy. He inched it in about halfway, slowly.

"Now, you will be fucked like never before. We should thank Cheryl for introducing us."

"Oh yes, if she could see me now!" I laughed.

i had known Cheryl for several years at school. She and I had become close, and when she told me about Brad, there was a light in her eye that was a portent of the lust to come. Cheryl and I often discussed sex, and I sometimes found myself admiring her shape when we went to the gym or to the beach.

"The funny thing is, Denise, I can see you now," said a familiar voice. I felt another set of hands on me, Cheryl's hands. "I'm glad you two are hitting it off so well." 

Then Brad's cock moved all the way up inside of me. I let out a moan, while Brad began thrusting. I could feel Cheryl licking and kissing my nipples now, while Brad's big cock picked up speed, moving in and out of my hot wet slit. 

"Do you like this baby? Do you like getting fucked by the two of us?" Cheryl drawled in my ear while Brad worked his magic. I was fucking him back eagerly, while Cheryl whispered in my ear and then began kissing me.

"Now, I want you to lick me," Cheryl purred. I felt her straddle my face, and I did as I was commanded. Her juices began covering my lips and tongue as I thrust up into her pussy, while Brad began thrusting in earnest. Cheryl was soon grinding down hard as I ate her, and I knew it wouldn't be long before I would come. Brad's cock was heaven, and as I felt myself tensing, Cheryl moaned loudly and came. Brad then let out a thick geyser of cum into my vagina, triggering my own earth-shattering climax. We lay for a time in a sticky, contented pile, only to resume our passions.