 ***ALL CHARACTERS ARE OVER AGE 18***

BZZZ. 

Taylor was just getting out of class when her phone vibrated. As she pulled it out of the pocket of her skin-tight jeans, she was hit with a pang of regret. She and Carly should not have given Bradley their class schedules. A line in the sand should have been drawn. However, it was 3:30 PM, she was getting out of English Literature, and Bradley knew that. 

He was also ready for his second blowjob of the day. 

Carly met Taylor outside the English and Humanities building, and the two rolled their eyes silently, sharing a glance of frustrated desperation. They had been Bradley's BJ Queens for about a week now, and he had proven to be insatiable. He was texting them three times per day demanding oral stimulation in exchange for taking care of their math homework for them. Each encounter was humiliating, but if the girls wanted to graduate on time, they more or less had to do whatever he said. 

Little did they know that things were about to get worse. 

Taylor and Carly trudged to Brad's apartment wordlessly; neither had anything to say to the other, except perhaps for "How bad do you think it's going to be this time?" 

They finally arrived, and Bradley answered the door with a big grin on his face. The girls knew that he was running on precious little sleep because of the triple homework situation, but they could read in his expression that he wouldn't have it any other way. 

"Ah, ladies. Thanks for being so quick. I'm glad you're as eager as I am." he smirked. 

"Hey, Brad." Carly uttered quietly. 

Bradley was sporting his favorite crimson bath robe, as he often was when the girls came over to serve him. He felt like a king; he was a lowly math nerd who had stumbled upon the best deal in the history of nerd-dom. Brad was a lucky motherfucker, and he knew it. 

"I have something special in mind for this session." he revealed, once he had made himself comfortable on the couch. 

Taylor and Carly stood in front of him, attempting to avoid eye contact as his eyes ravaged their slim bodies, taut waists and sweet hips. In fact, it was Taylor who first noticed that his eyes were glued to the latter. Their hips and butts were the current apple of Brad's eye, and it was making her nervous. 

"What is it?" Taylor inquired breathily. 

"Well, girls, I've always been attracted to those asses of yours." Brad stated bluntly. 

"Th-thank you...?" Carly blinked. 

"What are you thinking?" Taylor asked, attempting to cut to the chase. 

"Ooh, this is going to be fun." Brad licked his lips. "Carly, why don't you turn around for me?" 

Carly turned around. Her black leggings stuck to her thighs and butt cheeks like they were painted on, and Brad's smile grew larger - and more ominous. 

"Pull those pants down for me." 

The request was unreasonable. In fact, it was absolutely crazy. Carly was frozen. 

"That's not part of the deal!" Taylor protested. 

"The deal was that we'd blow you. We're already doing that." Carly squeaked out. 

"The deal is whatever I want it to be!" Bradley snapped, "Because you two are in no position to begin negotiating. Who has all the power here?" 

His girls were silent. 

"I asked you a question, ladies. Who is in charge here?" 

"Y-you." 

Taylor was shocked to hear Carly give in. 

"Carly..." she began. 

"We can't win, Taylor." Carly admitted, dejected and still allowing Brad to drink in the sight of her deliciously tight booty. 

Taylor almost teared up, but if Carly was able to be this strong, then so could she. After all, in a few months they would graduate, and they could put all of this behind them for good. Right? 

Both girls emitted a quiet, resentful sigh. They had come to an agreement. 

"Let's see that butt, Carly." Brad repeated, "And lose the panties, too. I don't want to be teased; I want to see your bare ass." 

Slowly but surely, Carly obeyed. Her leggings got stuck on the top curve of her round bottom, but they soon slipped off with ease. She kept her pants and underwear snugly against the back of her thighs - Brad did not seem interested in seeing anything but the back at this point. 

This was the first time in a while that any man had gotten to see this much of Carly - and here she was, letting fucking Bradley the math whiz savor her proudest curve with an air of absolutely objectifying dominance. 

"Now what?" Taylor asked on Carly's behalf. 

"Bring it over to me." 

Carly inched her way backward until her bare butt was mere inches from Brad's body. He was licking his chops like a hungry jungle cat, and Carly's posterior was his prey. His supple, defenseless prey. 

"Now what?" Carly asked now, looking back over her shoulder at him. 

"Bend your knees and stick it out for me." Brad spoke, although it was more of a rasp now. 

Carly gulped, and obeyed his command once again. She was really pushing her ass out at him. It was so close to his erect penis, which was about to shove the fabric of his robe away on its own. It was at this point that Taylor's eyes widened. Carly saw this, and her eyes widened as well. They both had a terrible premonition regarding Bradley's next request. 

"So...I think you know what I want." 

Brad's voice sliced through the apartment like a meat cleaver. He subtly brushed the edge of his robe away from his crotch, revealing his substantial dick, standing at the ready. Carly knew that it was time for something very new - something she had never done before. Bradley spread his legs apart, and Carly pressed her ass against his mighty cock. 

"Whenever you're ready." Brad growled, enjoying the feeling of all that rubbery butt-flesh on his stiff member. 

With only a moderate degree of difficulty, Carly managed to wedge Brad's dick into her butt crack. It was snugly tucked between her cheeks, and she reached back now and again to make sure it stayed there. With that, she began to bounce her luscious ass up and down in his lap, effectively jerking him off with her beautiful rear end. 

"Ahhhh..." Brad moaned in contentment, putting his hands behind his head. He had fantasized about doing this with Carly for a long time; he had stared at her ass constantly during lecture. Now, however, he had not only struck a deal with the girls, but he had held it up consistently enough that they knew he would get them through their final semester of college if they only kept him happy. It was a thing of pure beauty. 

Speaking of things of pure beauty, Carly's booty was slapping delightfully against Brad's groin as she twerked on him. This ass was his now, and she knew it. 

Taylor bit her lip. Her worst fears seemed to be coming true. Bradley was going to slowly conquer every inch of his BJ Queens, savoring each last bite of their freedom as he swallowed it. His greedy eyes, hands and dick were going to be all over them, and as much as she wanted to rebel, she knew her family could not afford an additional year of schooling. 

And Bradley knew that. 

At this moment, Bradley knew everything. 

"Taylor." 

Taylor's thoughts were interrupted by Brad's sudden address. He gazed at her; she had simply been standing there, watching these events transpire. To her chagrin, he patted the seat next to him on the couch. 

"Come show me some love." 

Carly and Taylor locked eyes. They both knew what that meant. When one of the girls was busy pleasuring their new boss, the other was usually snuggled up against him tightly, kissing his cheek and neck and playing with his hair. It was a deliberate effort on Bradley's part to feel loved and wanted - it wasn't enough just to get what he wanted; he wanted it to feel like what THEY wanted. Or at least, you know, just enough for him to get off. 

Before she knew it, Taylor had her supple pink lips all over Brad's cheek while her best friend crack-fucked him into oblivion. Once in a while, they would catch a glimpse of Carly's adorable puckered butthole, and Brad always smile a bit when he saw it. He loved that he was getting unrestricted access to so much of the girls' bodies. His cock ran smoothly up and down her warm, comforting crack, and he felt the tiny wrinkles of her sphincter glide past his shaft on every single pass. 

"This is the life, isn't it, girls?" he chuckled as Taylor planted a sweet kiss on his neck. 

"Yes, sir." Carly whispered in submission. 

"Yes, sir." echoed Taylor. 

"Faster, Carly." Brad ordered. 

Carly nodded and doubled her speed. She sincerely hoped that meant he was close to cumming, so this could be the home stretch. Her ass was a blur now; her pale, perfectly-rounded cheeks were bouncing wildly as Brad enjoyed what he would later refer to as his "Ass Man's Special." 

He turned to give Taylor a kiss in return, and she was forced to lock lips with this manipulative weirdo she and Carly now had to call "sir." They were swallowing his cum three times a day, and here she was showing him unbridled affection. She was almost angry at herself, but she had to remember that none of this - none of it - was their fault. It was just a horrible, horrible deal with the worst study buddy in the world. 

"That's enough." 

Both concubines were shocked to hear Brad utter these words, but Carly promptly removed her buns from his aching cock. She pulled her pants and underwear back up before turning and locking eyes with the self-appointed BJ King. 

"That was wonderful, girls." Brad nodded in approval. 

"So...I'm next?" Taylor asked, stepping off the couch to take Carly's place. 

"Yes and no." Brad smiled slyly before gently fingering his penis, "I think I'll take a nice, classic blowjob from you, Taylor." 

At this, Taylor began to nod. It didn't seem like a strange request. She had sucked Brad's dick over a dozen times at this point. However, Carly's gasp reminded her that something here was acutely fucked up. 

Brad's cock had just rubbed up and down Carly's spread butt cheeks for the better part of five minutes. 

That dick was going to taste JUST like Carly's ass. 

"Carly, you come here." Brad ordered. 

Carly obeyed, cuddling up with her new boss immediately. She gave Taylor a mortified glance. Her twerking and crack-fucking had been so enthusiastic in hopes of finishing sooner that she had left the smell and taste of her asshole on Bradley's erect member. 

And now Taylor had to suck it off. 

"I'm so sorry." Carly whispered to her best friend. 

With that, Carly began making out passionately with Brad. Taylor, unable to even believe how demeaning this was going to be, slowly took her knees. Her breathing was heavy as her face neared his throbbing cock. This was going to be a very difficult blowjob, and she knew Bradley would love every single microsecond of it. 

The scent of ass wafted from Brad's penis into Taylor's reluctant nostrils. She bit her lip and decided that this just had to be over with as soon as possible. Every moment she spent dreading it was another moment she was under his control, and Taylor just couldn't bear that. 

"I think this will bring you two even closer together." Brad smirked. "Think of it as a team-building exercise." 

Taylor threw a glance of pure resentment upward, but her lips were moving ever downward. She opened her mouth wide and stifled the urge to gag. Meanwhile, Carly was smothering Bradley's neck in warm, loving kisses. Perhaps she was just REALLY trying to keep herself distracted from what was happening. 

Finally, Taylor took Brad's willing dick into her less-willing mouth, and attempted to blow him with the same feigned enthusiasm as always. To blow him slowly would provide the illusion that she was savoring it, and that was not an attitude she was desirous to convey. So, she made it seem like work. Nasty work that she did NOT want to be doing in the slightest. 

"Ahhhhh..." Brad sighed in sheer joy, when Carly had finished planting a smooch on his mouth. 

Once again, Taylor had to fight tears as the full taste hit her like a ton of humiliating bricks. Carly's ass had left a dank, musty air on Brad's dick, as well a subtle, invisible residue - sweat, maybe? Either way, Taylor had never felt so degraded, so ashamed, so helpless. 

Bradley, meanwhile, reveled in his newfound glory. When Carly was not smothering his face with cute little kisses, he was grinning broadly and simply basking. On top of all the nastiness and taboo of Taylor's oral venture, he had to say that she gave an objectively pleasant blowjob. Her lips held tight to a fixed point on his cock (somewhere between the middle and the base), while her able throat massaged his shaft and her tongue lapped sloppily at his glans all the way. It was the perfect combination of moisture, tightness, warmth and tickling that made a BJ truly fantastic. Once in a while, she would slip his shaft out of her mouth, gasp for air for a second and then gently lick his balls. Bradley loved this - having a beautiful young woman run her willing tongue over his ballsack was an absolute treat for the math-nerd-turned-BJ-King. 

After about ten minutes, Bradley sat up straighter, and the girls pulled away by a few inches in preparation for his next command. At first, he was simply surprised that he was able to last that long, especially given that he did not have extensive experience in sexual activity. However, he eventually pinned it on the fact that he was so excited for the rest of the session that he knew on some level that he didn't want to cut it short by ejaculating too soon. Not like it mattered, anyway, he reminded himself; if he came, he could just call the girls back after he had recovered, and the process would start over again. Life sure was beautiful. 

"Now what?" Taylor asked once she had caught her breath from the dick-sucking marathon. 

"Switch. Taylor, I want your ass now." 

It was what they expected to hear, but it was far from what they wanted. Mutually stuck in a submissive spiral, Carly remained seated, rubbing Bradley's chest affectionately, while her roommate stood up and presented her bottom to Bradley. He licked his lips with the same ravenous look in his eyes as before, and he aimed his cock at Taylor's round, juicy white girl ass to indicate what he wanted. 

And she gave it to him. 

Taylor bent at the knees, spreading her cheeks a bit with her hands to make way for Bradley's tool. Bradley and Carly saw Taylor's puckered butthole for a few seconds as she got situated atop his rod. Soon, her booty was squeezing his dick with even more anal tautness than that of her counterpart. 

"Ready?" she asked breathily, still barely able to believe that this was happening. 

"Ready." Bradley replied with more confidence than he had ever had in his life. 

And thus, Taylor began to twerk and grind on Bradley's dick in the same manner as Carly. Bradley used one hand to keep it nuzzled in Taylor's butt crack for the entire duration of this little lap dance. It felt amazing, to say the least - Taylor's ass was warm and soft, plus the visual aspect of the booty bouncing was more than enough to keep him aesthetically satisfied. 

As Carly continued to kiss her boss's neck and stroke his hair, she could hardly tear her eyes away from the scene taking place in front of her. Unlike Bradley, though, it was not excitement driving her observation - it was dread. Each second Bradley's member spent between Taylor's cheeks was all the worse it would be for her. On some level, she knew that Bradley knew that. 

After a comparable amount of time, Bradley removed his dick from Taylor's crevice and held it out in the air for a long moment. He turned to Carly, who reluctantly met his gaze, and motioned toward his groin. She knew. 

Carly and Taylor swapped places again. Instead of giving herself time to process what was occurring, Carly decided to adopt a "get it over with" mentality. As Taylor snuggled up to Bradley and kept him happy, Carly opened wide and tried to ignore the pungent taste of her best friend's asshole on the cock of a man she was rapidly coming to resent. Her eyes watered, but Bradley only held her hair and kept her busy. 

However, after a few minutes, Carly heard a whisper. Bradley was relaying something quietly into Taylor's ear - orders, probably. He saw Taylor stare at him in disbelief, as if the request were simply insane. Bradley shot her a look daring her to defy him, and Taylor acquiesced to his will. What could it be? 

"You like that?" 

The words shocked both women equally - although it was Taylor who spoke them. 

"You like the taste of my ass, huh?" 

Carly attempted to look up at Taylor with a question in her eyes, but Taylor placed a hand on Carly's scalp and shoved her down until her lips were tickling Bradley's groin. 

"That's right. Suck all the ass off of that dick...bitch." 

Taylor obviously hated saying it, but it was turning Bradley on, so it was law. Carly was almost hurt, but she knew Taylor didn't have a choice. 

"Mmm..." Bradley groaned in rapture from above. 

Carly sucked Bradley's dick as best she could - and for what seemed to be an eternity. Although, when your best friend's ass sweat has been in your mouth for a while, it's going to seem like an eternity either way. Gradually, Brad's grunts and groans became more expressive and more urgent. He was going to cum soon. 

As soon as this thought crossed through the girls' minds, Bradley confirmed it by slowly and deliberately sliding his piece out of Carly's mouth. She looked up at him as his dick exited her lips, inch by inch. 

"I'm going to cum." he announced, still stroking himself. 

"Where do you want us?" Taylor inquired dejectedly, as if she were now permanently resigned to her fate. 

"On your knees." 

Taylor and Carly took to their knees, their pants and panties still around their lower legs so it was almost as though their ankles were bound. They angled themselves inward at Bradley as he stood up and jerked himself off over them. 

"Facial?" Carly asked, so quietly that Brad couldn't understand her. 

"What was that?" 

"Do you want to give us a facial?" 

Taylor threw an angry glance at Carly - indeed, her tone had made it seem like she was offering. That modicum of possibility was all Brad needed to get all the harder in the passing seconds. 

"We'll do that another time." Bradley proclaimed, "Taylor, open your mouth." 

Taylor did as she was told. Carly allowed hers to close as Bradley placed his cockhead at the entrance to Taylor's lips and masturbated his rod until it was about to burst. 

"Here it comes." he grunted. 

Carly's roommate offered only a tiny nod to communicate that she understood. She barely had a tenth of a second, however, before the cannon began firing. She had tasted semen before, but the taste and texture of its thick gooey subsistence always took some adjusting. Unfortunately, she was not sure if she could ever adjust to the sensation of Brad pumping his load of sperm into her willing mouth just so she could pass her math class. 

But, of course, he didn't care - that was evident from the sheer volume of cum. 

"Oh, fuuuuuck." Brad sighed in massive relief, feeling the last of his cum drip off into Taylor's mouth. 

Unsure if she could swallow or not, Taylor simply knelt there with a big load of cum on her tongue as Brad collapsed onto the couch. He wiped sweat from his brow and gazed down at her for a while, as an artist might gaze at his own work - for in a sense, this is what that was. 

Finally, Brad gestured to Carly while keeping his gaze on Taylor. 

"Share." 

And just like that, there were no boundaries anymore. What else could Brad possibly ask them for? He had a few ideas, but he was extremely preoccupied with the scene unfolding before him. Taylor and Carly reluctantly locked lips, and Taylor's first move was to shove her tongue outward. Perhaps it was an instinct to get the jizz out of her mouth sooner, but regardless, it was a messy interchange. Cum flowed out from between her lips and cascaded into Carly's mouth, whereupon Carly coughed a bit. This cough, combined with the semen leaking out from the corners of their mouths, made for a sloppy, slobbery sight of two gorgeous young women sharing the taste of ass and cum between their supple, pink lips and innocent, angelic faces. 
