 The following is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. Unless, of course, the Brain Suckers from Zork erased my memory...

*

It was the tapping on the window that woke me up. At first, I thought it was just the wind, driving pellets of sleet against the glass. It was March in Boulder, and the weather report called for a wintry mix of snow, sleet and freezing rain overnight.

I rolled over, but heard a scratching on the glass again, this time accompanied by giggles. My girlfriend rolled over to ask me, "What's that noise?"

"I dunno," I said, "but I'll go check it out."

I glanced at the clock on my bedside table, and the display read 2:45. I didn't want to ruin my night vision, so I fumbled through the laundry pile in the dark until I found a clean pair of shorts. Putting them on, I kissed my girlfriend on the forehead and said, "Be right back. Don't let the bed get cold without me."

She grunted and rolled over, accompanied by the slosh of our waterbed.

I walked out of the room and up the stairs. Quietly opening the front door, I snuck outside and around the building. The cold air hit me like a baseball bat, sucking the air from my lungs. Naked except for a pair of cotton shorts, I heard a faint voice say, "We're the brain suckers from Zork. Let us in!" 

Both brain suckers giggled, and one said, "C'mon Kevin, let us in. It's freezing out here."

I was standing behind them now, and neither one had heard me approach. "Can I help you?" I asked.

The blonde brain sucker squealed, then said, "You scared the shit out of me. Is Kevin home?"

"There isn't anyone named Kevin living here. You must have the wrong place." A gust of wind cut right through me, and I shivered.

"Oh shit, I'm sssss-so sss-sorry." The blond stammered out the words, and for the first time I noticed she was soaking wet and shivering uncontrollably. Her fellow brain sucker, a brunette, was also shaking from the cold.

"Do you have a car or someplace close you can get warm?" I was hesitant to invite the Zorkians in, but I didn't want them to die in the alley behind my apartment, either.

"No, we're from Fort Collins. We ccc-came ddd-down with some friends and they left us. I th-th-thought I knew a guy named Kevin here." 

There was nowhere close by to get shelter, and the two Zorkians would be in serious shit in another 15 minutes.

"Come on inside," I said, "you can crash on our living room floor. I'll get you two some blankets and pillows."

"How do we know you're not a serial killer?" The brunette spoke for the first time, and I could tell she was actually serious.

"You don't, but you're in the beginning stages of hypothermia. If you don't get warm soon, you've got a good chance of dying. Besides," I said in my most convincing voice, "I live with my girlfriend. We'd both have to be serial killers, and what are the chances of that?"

The brunette Zorkian was contemplating her options, but the blonde had already made up her mind. "Let's go Faith, I'm fff-freezing to death."

I led them inside and upstairs to the living room. Both had trouble walking up the steps, and I wondered if they were really drunk or in worse shape than I thought.

I cranked the heat (which wouldn't accomplish much, but made me feel better) and said, "I'll be right back with some dry clothes and blankets. Make yourself at home." I pointed to the couch.

When I got down to the bedroom, my girlfriend was awake. "What's going on?"

"It's just a couple of drunk party girls from CSU, looking for someone they thought lived here. They've been out in this weather for a while, and both are looking a little hypothermic. I told them they could crash here, so I'm just going to give them dry clothes and some blankets."

"Do you want me to make a pot of coffee?" My girlfriend had a talent for nurturing.

"No, I don't think it's necessary. Just dry clothes and blankets should get them warm quick enough. I'll probably build a fire to heat the living room." Our apartment may not have had a great furnace, but it did have a massive stone fireplace. If I could get a fire going, the room would be warm in no time.

"Do you need me to help you?" I could tell from her voice that she was already drifting back to sleep. 

I walked over, kissed her on the forehead and said, "Go back to sleep. I'll be down as soon as I can." 

Grabbing two pairs of sweatpants and a couple of fleece pullovers, I headed back upstairs. Stopping at the hall closet, I grabbed a blanket and a sleeping bag. With my arms full, I made it upstairs. The brunette was curled in the fetal position on the couch, while the blonde surfed for something to watch on TV.

"Hey," I said, "it's not a good idea for your friend to go to sleep right now. Let's wake her up and get her changed."

"Sure thing," the blonde said, getting up to help her friend. As she stood up, I noticed she had shed her jeans and cotton sweater. Her nipples were fully erect and poking through the thin cotton of her t-shirt. I tried not to stare, but her breasts were stunning. Thirty six D was my guess, and I felt my cock stir inside my shorts.

"Here," I said, handing her the sweat pants and fleece, "these will have you warm in no time." I was thinking about a cold shower, myself.

"Cool, thanks. I'm Hope, by the way." Hope turned her back to me and pulled off her wet t-shirt before putting on the fleece top. As she stepped into the sweatpants, I noticed an ornate tattoo on the small of her back.

"I'm Keith," I said, because I didn't think she'd believe my name was Charity, "nice to meet you. Great ink, by the way."

Hope smiled and said "Thanks, wanna see it?"

"Sure," I replied, wondering how my girlfriend would take this encounter if she suddenly walked upstairs.

Hope walked over to me and spun around. Hiking the waistband of her sweats and her panties down to the top of her ass, she revealed a full color Chinese dragon. The work was high-end, and it covered her back from hip to hip.

"Wow, great ink. Whoever did that is an artist. Why the dragon?"

"I'm a Dragon," Hope answered, "it's my Chinese zodiac symbol."

"I thought you were a Zorkian." I countered, and we both laughed.

Hope spun around to face me and stepped close. I could smell her shampoo, and I felt her arms wrap around my back. Her breasts pressed into my bare chest and I felt her breath on my cheek. I looked down into her eyes, and they were the most amazing shade of blue I'd ever seen. She lingered for a second, looking for a reaction from me. I stood like a statue, not sure of what would happen if I moved.

"Thank you," she said, "you didn't have to let us in. I don't know what we would have done out there. Is there anything I can do to make it up to you?"

She was close enough to kiss, but I couldn't. Not with my girlfriend under the same roof. My cock, of course, had other ideas, and I'm sure Hope could feel it pressed against her.

"I can't," I said, "my girlfriend is asleep downstairs."

"That's too bad," Hope whispered in my ear, "because I get so horny when I drink."

This was quickly becoming a bad situation, so I reminded her, "We've got to get your friend out of her wet clothes."

"Oh, yeah, right. Can you help me with her? I don't think I can do it by myself."

"Sure, but we should try to wake her up first." I wasn't sure how Faith would take to a strange man undressing her. Hell, she already thought I was a serial killer.

"Not a chance. When she's this wasted, she'll sleep through anything." Hope was already grabbing Faith's legs to stretch her out on the couch. Faith stirred and mumbled something, but didn't wake up. I wondered how much vomit I'd be cleaning up in the morning.

We got her shoes and socks off, then Hope undid her friend's jeans. "You'll need to help me lift her ass off the couch so I can get her pants down." Hope was pulling on the legs, but getting nowhere fast. I stepped next to the couch and slid my arms under Faiths back. Lifting her back and ass off the couch was all the help Hope needed. Faith's jeans came off in one quick movement, and she wasn't wearing any panties. Her right leg rolled off the couch, and I had a front row seat view of her shaven pussy. A silver bar pierced her clitoris, and I was close enough to smell her scent. My cock, which had gone back to sleep after the close encounter with Hope, was now fully awake.

"Give me a hand" I said, reaching for the other pair of sweatpants.

"Umm, I'd rather give you a mouth." Hope was on her knees next to me, and suddenly her hand ran up my shorts to grab my cock. Before I could stop her, she had my cock out and her lips were wrapped around it. She'd bobbed her head up and down my shaft twice before I shot back like I'd been maced.

"Hope" I said, "you've got to stop that. I mean you're incredibly hot and all, but my girlfriend is right downstairs."

"No I'm not." It was Karen's voice from behind me, but it took a second to register. When it did, my cock shrank immediately.

"Oh shit, I'm so sorry." Hope stammered out an apology while I stared at the bottomless drunk girl passed out on my couch. I wondered how things had gone bad so quickly.

"No need to apologize, Keith has a great cock. And an even better tongue." It was Karen's voice, and to my amazement she didn't sound angry at all.

Not sure where any of this was going, I said, "Let's get Faith dressed and we'll get a fire built."

Karen turned to me and said, "You get the fire going, and I'll work with Hope to get some clothes on her friend. I'm Karen, by the way."

"I'm Hope, and I was out of line. I'm sorry."

"No need to apologize, but we should get some clothes on your friend before she freezes to death." Karen reached out her hand and helped Hope get up from the floor.

I scrambled to start a fire while Karen and Hope got sweatpants and a pullover on Faith. When they were done dressing her, they rolled her on her side in case she did get sick. When they were done, they covered her with the sleeping bag and put a wastebasket by her head. Just in case.

I'd managed to get a respectable fire going, and the living room was comfortable. It would be cold by morning, so I was about to suggest that I find another blanket for Hope. Karen beat me to it by saying, "We've got a king sized waterbed downstairs. It'll be too cold up here for just the blanket by the morning, so why don't you come to bed with us?"

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. I wasn't sure what Karen meant, but I was sure that I'd be proceeding with caution, regardless of Hope's reply.

"I'd like that very much," Hope answered.

"Keith?" Karen was asking, and I wasn't sure how to respond. I was hoping this wasn't some kind of test.

"Works for me," I said, and my head swam with the possibilities.

Karen and Hope headed downstairs while I locked up and went to the bathroom. By the time I walked in the room, Karen was on one side on the bed with Hope on the other. The middle, it appeared, was reserved for me. 

I started to climb over Karen when she said, "You're going to have to lose the shorts before you get in here. Hope and I will keep you warm enough."

Mystery solved, I thought, and my cock began to stiffen as soon as I got my shorts off.

I climbed into the middle of the bed, and immediately felt Karen's hand on my now hard cock. Hope crawled next to me and wrapped her leg around my thigh. She moaned as she started to grind her pussy against my upper leg. Hope's hand found Karen's right breast, and she began to gently stroke the nipple. Karen has extremely sensitive breasts, and can actually cum from her nipples being played with. Before long, Hope was tugging on Karen's nipple, and forcefully pinching it between her thumb and forefinger. Hope continued to ride my thigh, and I reached down to slide a finger up and down Karen's slit. She was already wet, and my well lubricated finger began rolling slow circles across her swollen clit. Karen's moans grew louder, and I knew she would cum quickly if Hope and I kept this up.

"Can I suck on your nipples?" Hope asked Karen in a voice husky with sex.

"Yes" was Karen's reply.

I threw back the covers and pulled Karen diagonally across the bed. Scooting down, I parted her legs and kissed my way up her inner thigh. It was clear that she wanted to cum, but I was having fun and wanted to draw it out a bit longer. When my tongue reached her slit, I ran it quickly up and down the length before I buried it deep inside her pussy. Karen let out a moan and a twitch, and my tongue began to work its way up the outside of her labia, across her clit and down the other side. Hope moved into position and began to suck and bite at Karen's nipples. With my tongue now making smaller, faster laps on Karen's clit I slid one, then two fingers inside of her. Drawing them towards me, I began to stroke her g-spot as Hope began biting Karen's nipples with some urgency.

Judging from her increasing moans and twitches, Karen was rapidly approaching the big O. It began in little waves, and I felt the bed ripple as she grabbed the sheets.

"Oh fuck, FUCK,FUCK DON'T STOP! Oh fuck that feels so good -- right there!" Karen moaned and thrashed her head from side to side as her orgasm spiraled out of control. Hope was tugging on one of Karen's nipples as she sucked on the other. I slowed down with my tongue and avoided Karen's clit, but kept my fingers inside her, trying to extend the length of her climax. I felt her contractions grow weaker as the orgasm finished.

Karen lay on her back, and I watched her breathing return to normal. Hope lay on her side, and I noticed that she was slowly stroking her own pussy. I climbed up to begin sucking on Hope's nipples, and my hand replaced her own on her clit.

"Ummmm," Hope said as her eyes closed and her head rolled back. "Be rough with my nipples. Bite them. Hard." Hope barked. It was a command, not a suggestion, so I complied.

"Harder. Really fucking bite them." Any harder, I thought, and I'd break the skin. Still, I did as she asked, alternating from left to right. My thumb and forefinger began to pinch and roll her clit, which she clearly enjoyed. Her ass rose from the bed to hump my hand, and she was panting in short gasps.

It was Karen's turn to direct the action.

"Keith, lay on your back. Hope, climb over him and suck his cock. Keith, lick her pussy."

It sounded good to me, and Hope raised no objections. Spreading her legs, she lowered her ass to my face. My lips found her clit and began to suck and nibble it. 

"Um, yeah. Good. Like that." Hope stopped sucking my cock just long enough to reply.

I felt her lips wrap around the head of my cock, then felt her take my cock all the way into her throat. She'd slowly back off, then circle the head of my cock with her tongue. To make sure that I didn't go numb, she'd alternate these rhythms with short head bobs and a firm grip with her hand on the shaft of my cock. Hope clearly enjoyed sucking cock, and was very good at it.

In return, I was thoroughly enjoying tonguing and sucking on her clit. When she'd change tactics on my cock, I'd run my tongue outside her lips and slip it as deep inside her as I could get it. We were clearly teasing each other, and Karen was enjoying the show. She'd recovered from her climax and was rubbing herself with increasing urgency as Hope and I went at it.

I decided it was time to close the deal, so I picked up the tempo on Hope's clit. Using her own lubricant to make my finger slippery, I worked my forefinger into her ass. When it got past the first knuckle she broke stride and said, "Oh, fuck what are you doing?" She didn't pull away, so I kept the finger where it was.

I stopped tonguing her clit long enough to answer, "I'm fingering your ass. Do you want me to stop?"

She rode back to meet my hand and replied, "No, that feels amazing."

My lips sucked her clit one final time, then my tongue began lapping across it with short, quick strokes. My finger moved slowly in and out of her ass, and her entire body began to shake. Her head was bobbing up and down on my cock as her hand batted clean up. The sensation was incredible and I felt my own climax beginning in my balls. It was a race to see who'd come first, and the end result was a three way photo finish.

It may have been Karen that triggered the group orgasm, since she was the first to cum with a long moan of "Ohhhhhhhh, fuuuuuuck, unh, unh unh..." Despite my pre-occupation, I could feel Karen's leg, which was press against my own, twitch as she came.

Hope's orgasmic cries were muffled by my cock, so they came out as "Mm mmm MMMM MMMMMM!!" as I felt her ass contract on my finger. Her body shook with the force of her orgasm and mine began at almost the same time. I kept licking at her clit, but mirrored her own grunts of pleasure. Hope took my whole load in her mouth, and kept bobbing up and down until I couldn't take it anymore. I flicked her clit one final time with my tongue, which caused her to jump. 

"Oh dear God I have never cum like that." Hope's face was flushed and she was still breathing heavy. "Where did you learn to eat pussy like that?"

"I've got a good teacher," I replied, nodding at Karen, "who lets me know exactly what she likes."

Karen was flushed from her own orgasm and covered with a sheen of sweat, but she'd recovered enough to regain her wit. "He's an apt pupil who doesn't mind when I give him extra homework."

Swinging her legs over the side of the bed, Karen got up and padded to the bathroom. Stopping at the doorway, she turned to Hope and I and said: "I'm going to get something to drink and check on Faith. Don't start up again without me."

I felt Hope's hand grab my cock and begin stroking it. "Hurry back," she said, "or all bets are off."