 We were on a little weekend getaway and loving it. My beautiful wife and I always love these times alone without the kids because it gives us a chance to let our hair down a little and it always ends up naughty. We decided to have a nice romantic dinner for the forever in love part of our weekend, then go to our favorite toy store for the always in lust part. We have a bit of a one-track mind (okay, maybe two) when it comes to the things that turn us on, which is the two-girl fantasy (obviously, since I'm a dude) and white girls on big black cocks. When we first started dating, she wasn't surprised at all about my girl/girl fantasy, but when I mentioned the black/white thing, she balked a little. Maybe she was caught off guard, but she wasn't mad. 

On the contrary, she was willing to watch some of that flavored porn with me, so I "wouldn't miss out" on my own fantasy. Looking back, that should've been a clue but instead, it really caught me by surprise at how well it completely lit her fire! It immediately turned horny Brandi into nympho Brandi. And that's how we wound up with Tyrone: a thick, realistic black dildo we both enjoyed playing with. That had been awhile back, however, so I figured this time around, we would try to find another good one for me to use on her, maybe even both at the same time. It isn't that hard, and there's no need to buy some $50 strap-on harness that doesn't work worth a fuck when it's much easier (not to mention cheaper) to just cut a hole in a jockstrap and fuck away. As luck would have it, though, we wound up disappointed. We still enjoyed browsing while discussing the possibility of all kinds of toys, but there weren't any new dildos that struck her fancy.

Although we didn't buy anything, we still had our favorite back at the room so, walking hand-in-hand, I tried to get her further aroused as I vividly described what I would do to her as soon as we got back. Then she saw the two big black guys walking into the hotel bar. We had agreed that we'd never take the risk of turning our fantasy into reality, but I could tell she was intrigued. I could also tell by her flushed face and the fire in her eyes that, while she probably still wouldn't waiver, she might be into teasing a little, maybe even letting them touch some. Maybe. I kept it to myself while a plan began forming in my head. As I was unlocking the door to our room, I hit her with a feint. 

"Let's go dancing," I said.

"Okayyy," she replied, seeming a little disappointed. "I thought it was play time."

"Yeah," I said, "but we need to get you worked up a little more, since we didn't find any new toys. Maybe you could show off a bit, maybe get a little buzzed before I fuck the hell out of you."

"Maybe," she replied with a wicked grin. "What did you have in mind?"

"You tell me." It's a game we play. She likes it. No, really...

She was pleasantly surprised when I showed her the dress I had bought for her. It was short enough to show off her awesomely long legs, loose enough for her to sit comfortably, and just long enough to cover her stockings. The push-up bra she put on beneath it made her breasts bulge out and put on quite a show, themselves. I was already rock hard from simply looking at her, but I resisted the urge to throw her on the bed and fuck her down. I wanted more. The thought of her showing a little skin with a sneaky peek of goodies here and there was a definite turn-on for both of us. Where could we find a perfectly good escalator? Never mind. Maybe later... 

"We probably shouldn't drive if we're going to drink," I said. "Would you rather just stay here and have a few drinks in the bar? I don't know if there will be much of a turnout, but surely we could find someone who appreciates your hotness."

She gave me a wink with her devious smile, lifting her dress to reveal another nice surprise: no panties. This was going to be fun, although she had adamantly insisted we sit together. I couldn't help it. The idea of her showing off made me want to sit across from her and enjoy, but at least I'd be the guy who was allowed to touch once in a while. She masked her disappointment well when we saw that the two black guys were already gone, but I'm not so sure I did. She leaned forward giving the bartender a good look at her deep cleavage, while her bare thighs poured out the bottom of her dress, providing eye candy for everyone else. I wasn't surprised to see all eyes in the room on her until I saw the table with two women. Yeah. No jealousy there; they were both enjoying the view, talking animatedly with appreciative glances at my beautiful Brandi. 

I sat beside her, sipping my beer, telling her different things I was going to do to her, while she made the same kinds of comments, showing enough skin to remain the center of attention. To say I was turned on by the blatant display of all her charms would be an understatement. She was definitely good at it. One by one, every man in the room was given the awesome gift every voyeur dreams of, while my beloved bride was eating it up. She would lean over to kiss me, letting her thighs slip apart enough to see her mysterious lady parts while flashing her delicious cleavage with a hint of areola. A few times, she even leaned over the bar to display her sweet ass pressed tightly against her sheer dress with those fucking gams going all the way down, the undivided attention of everyone in the room making her face flush and her fantastic smile once again turning me into a babbling idiot. We both got a pretty good buzz before the excitement got the best of us, absolutely ready to go back to the room for some serious fucking. She pulled my hand up her dress and directly onto her bare pussy, showing me how wet she had become.

"Are you ready to go, dear?" she cooed into my ear with a bite on the lobe.

"I gotta pee-e," I replied in my best Forrest Gump. 

She laughed and hit me on the arm. "Hurry!" 

I forgot how far the bathrooms are from the bar in a hotel. Seriously, WTF? Do they do that on purpose? It felt like it took forever, making me wonder if she had given up on me and headed back to the room. I thought she had done just that when I returned and couldn't find her. Even her drink was gone. All eyes in the room seemed to be on me now, but everyone quickly looked away to avoid meeting mine. What the hell was going on? It was one of the ladies who had admired her earlier who finally let me in on the big secret. After looking directly at me, she glanced to the booth in the corner and turned back to me, raising her eyebrows. I was dumbfounded. There in the corner booth was my beautiful Brandi, sitting between the two black guys we had seen earlier. I had to sit down. I was in shock, to say the least. We had discussed this very situation and she was adamant that, while teasing complete strangers would be fun, it could easily be misinterpreted, causing a major backfire. She had flat out refused to entertain the idea of sitting with another man, much less two, because they might expect her to give more than she was willing to give. She winked at me and mouthed 'I love you,' before the guy on her right grabbed a breast and looked right at me. She turned to give him better access, spreading her legs to accommodate the other man, who began stroking her pussy. 

"She's very sexy."

I jumped at the voice in my ear, turning toward the woman who had shown me where Brandi was. She put a new beer beside mine.

"This one's on me," she whispered in my ear. "I don't know who is luckier, you or her. Enjoy the show," she giggled, giving me a peck on the cheek. 

After watching the hot stranger leave the bar, I turned my attention back to Brandi. She was all smiles, engaged in a friendly argument with the one who had been at her breasts. Her bra was gone, one of her nipples exposed, rock hard, while she seemed not to notice. The rest of us did. I couldn't hear her, but her mouth formed an adamant 'Nuh uhhh,' shaking her head and hitting him on the arm. At his reply, she gave me a quick glance, bit her bottom lip, and reached under the table. The surprise on her face let me know she had lost the argument as her other hand quickly reached down to help the one on the stranger's cock. Her questioning look to the man still stroking her pussy was answered with a simple nod and a grin. She turned to the one on her right when he spoke again. I saw that same sweet, innocent look that had captivated me so many years before as she nodded her head. Without even looking my way, the three of them walked out of the bar. I rushed after them.

"Hurry up, white boy," said the one with his arm around her. "You got the key." She smiled at me before resting her head on his shoulder. He was openly pinching the nipples of her now covered breasts. His name was Dominique, as it turns out.

Back in our room, I didn't know what to do, so I sat down in the chair. I knew I couldn't whip those two big bastards if things went awry, but I'd die trying if I had to. I thought I would have to do just that when Dominique grabbed her by the hair and pressed his big lips into hers before shoving her onto the bed. Her surprised squeak nearly sent me into a rage, knowing he was a dead man, until I saw the wanton look on her face. She was flushed, almost panting, as she scurried back to him, rushing to undo his pants and finally reveal what all the hype was about. I glanced over at Derrick when he held up our dildo, showed it to Dominique and they shared a laugh. Brandi let out a groan, almost a growl when she finally released the engorged cock in front of her. It was a near perfect replica of Tyrone, Brandi struggling only a little to fit that monster in her mouth, then taking it deep once she finally got it in. I knew she was going to love it. I knew Dominique would too, even before he threw his head back with a groan. Meanwhile, Derrick had removed his clothes and positioned himself behind my beloved Brandi, who was now on all fours, lustfully attacking Dominique's massive rod while arching her back to accommodate Derrick. He was teasing her pussy, making her groan around the cock in her mouth, as he stroked up and down, slowly pushing his way into her delicious depths before pulling out and slapping her clit with the head of his huge prick. Brandi pulled back from Dominique's cock and looked at me with a smile.

"Take your clothes off, nerd," she said. "It looks like we're really doin' this."

"I'm just enjoying the show," I said, with a smile. Both men looked at each other and shook their heads.

"Excuse me, lovers," said Brandi, her face set in anger. 

She stepped over to me, slapped me hard, and pulled me up by my hair.

"We've already discussed this, Mr. Cuckold Fantasy. You will do as you're told while I fuck my two stallions." She yanked on my hair for emphasis. "Understand?"

"Domina." 

She looked down at the bulge of my hard cock which couldn't even compare to the two monsters she was about to have. Smiling, she quickly pulled down my pants, holding them while I stepped out, before pulling my shirt off. I was now naked, still wondering where I fit in all this. Grabbing me by the cock, she pulled me over beside Dominique and shoved me to my knees.

"Show him how it is, Greg, while I get Derrick ready."

Now facing the other way, she lay on her back, arching it to put her mouth in front of Derrick as he fed her his cock. Her hand snaked down to her pussy, her legs spread wide, ready for Dominique to take his prize. I understood. I leaned forward and latched onto her clit, trying to ignore the unfamiliar salty taste that had to be Derrick's pre-cum. She grabbed me by the hair, pulling my face into her while groaning around Derrick's giant dick, making that deep throat, almost choking sound as he fucked her face. I didn't know what Dominique was doing and I didn't care. Eating her delicious pussy while she sucked a huge black cock was a fantasy come true. In a few short moments, she would be spit-roasted by those monsters and I had a front row seat. I sucked her clit hard, while roughly flicking my tongue back and forth, knowing she was about to cum. She didn't disappoint when she bucked her hips, holding my head in place while one of the good O's rocked her fabulous body. She pushed me away.

"I'm ready," she gasped. "Put Dominique's cock in me baby I need it so bad." 

WTF? She wanted me to touch his cock? Didn't that mean "guide it" into her? I guess now is as good of a time as any to admit that, yes I was intrigued. The idea of putting my hands on that huge cock occurred to me at the freakin bar, but our boundaries were pretty set in stone. Playing around with a dildo was one thing, but I probably shouldn't actually go through with grabbing another man's cock. There was a loud plop as she spit Derrick out of her mouth, sat up and slapped me again. 

"Do as you're told!" she gasped, before rolling over on all fours, taking Derrick's cock back into her mouth, arching her back once again, her pussy prominently displayed. Ready. 

I felt a much gentler hand on my arm, but it was still firmly making me turn like I had no choice. He put my hand on his cock and leaned forward toward my wife's delicious folds. I used my other hand to spread her meaty pussy lips and pulled his cock closer to its destination. I couldn't help but give it a few strokes as I guided him to her. It was tight, but as his massive head entered her luscious folds, she pulled off of Derrick's cock with a much louder "plop!" and groaned. Then she attacked it like a mad woman. Dominique slowly pushed deep into her and pulled back out, taking a few shallow strokes, then pushing completely into her again. He repeated the process as her moans around Derrick's cock increased in both volume and intensity. She pushed back against him, desperately trying to urge him. 

"Yeah, that's it, girl," said Dominique. "You want that big black cock, don'tcha?"

"Mm hm," she replied, still taking Derrick deep into her mouth, her head still bobbing madly.

"Yeah, you better!"

He smacked her on the ass, then thrust into her, pausing balls deep before pulling back and pounding her hard, their bodies making a slapping sound as she rocked back and forth, and her mouth full of cock making those deep throat noises again. I could see his balls slapping her clit right before a continuous orgasm ripped through her body. Derrick grabbed her by the hair and pulled her deep, as she swallowed his huge cock, her eyes watering as she gagged, yet keeping her composure. Her face was pressed firmly against his body as she took all he had. I watched in awe as my sweet wife finally had her fantasy fulfilled, being spit-roasted by two enormous black cocks, handling them like a pro, I might add. My cock was rock hard.

"Swallow that cock, bitch!" Derrick yelled.

Derrick was furiously fucking her face, yanking her hair in the same rhythm as his thrusts, making her head bob back and forth. I reached over to capture her violently swinging tits, pulling hard on her nipples while Dominique dug his fingers into her hips, pulling her back to him with every deep thrust of his cock. With a few final thrusts, Derrick held her face against his body, his cock all the way down her throat. I could see her throat working to swallow around his cock, as she took his entire load. He pulled out of her just as Dominique filled her pussy with his own cum, making her cum again, her moans, almost screams of pleasure echoing through the room before she collapsed onto the bed. I kissed her on the cheek and rubbed her back. Dominique pulled out of her, holding his cock which was still dripping with both his and her cum. He looked at me and smiled.

"We just gettin' started."

It looked like Derrick was partied out as he walked out of the room, but Dominique seemed to linger. She must have sucked him silly because Derrick first opened the door to the adjoining room, looked at the locked door on the other side, and closed it. I noticed that he hadn't locked it back, but soon forgot about everything as Brandi sat up and looked at me. She was still catching her breath when she crooked her finger for me to come to her. Dominique sat beside her, grinning like a Cheshire cat.

"It's time to clean up this mess, Baby," she cooed.

I wasn't sure what she meant. Yeah I was. We had seen a few cuck movies where the husband sucked cum out of the wife's pussy, but that never turned her on. She always said it was gross. I'll admit the idea turned me on more than it did her, but there's no way I could actually do it. Watching is one thing, but actually sucking cum out of her would probably make me hurl. But Baby get what Baby want. And Baby had me by the hair and pulled my face into her pussy. Maybe it wouldn't be so bad.

"Hurry, Baby," she said. "Suck this cum out of my pussy, so he can fill it up again."

He had been nuzzling her neck, then stopped to whisper into her ear. She looked at me, shot me one of those dazzling smiles as I knelt before her, and nodded her head vigorously. I gave her a questioning look, which earned me a hateful glare while she grabbed me by the hair again, forcing my face into her sloppy pussy. 

"Get busy!"

Using both hands to pull my face into her, she began making out with Dominique as she ground her pussy into my face. Dominique yanked her hair, pulling her head back and biting her neck, manhandling her breasts, mauling them, while she squirmed around my tongue, pulling me into her by the hair of my head. The taste of another man's spunk wasn't nearly as bad as I thought it might be, and the intensity of our fantasy coming true had apparently turned me into a true cuck. I devoured her pussy, sucking every last drop of his cum out of her, before latching onto her clit once again, sucking and flicking that magical little button as hard as she wanted it. She was still holding me firmly in place as she bucked her hips wildly. It was a little difficult to breathe but it was sexy as fuck, so I did the best I could, gasping quick breaths every chance I got, until she finally yanked me off of her clit while her very loud orgasm subsided. 

"God, you're so good at that!" Her face was flushed, and she was still breathing hard. She held my head in both hands. "You're such a good man," she said. 

I thought I was about to get a good kiss after she licked her juices off my face like she always does, but it turns out this night was one of many surprises. She gently pulled me toward her face, gave me a quick peck on the lips, then twisted my head to the side and pushed. And that's how I found myself face to face with a huge cock. Dominique was now standing, stroking his still hard cock while my lovely bride pushed my face into it. I tried to resist, thinking I was about to voice my negative opinion as soon as we got this dick out of my face.

"Go on, Baby; you know you want to," she said. I had every intention of stopping this bullshit then and there, but she was so sweetly adamant. "Clean off his cock for me, Baby." She whispered in my ear. "Pllleease?"

Dominique pushed forward, the head of his massive cock pressing into my lips. Brandi's smile alone can make me do unmentionable things, so I figured what the hell. It wasn't like any of my friends were watching, and I had always been a little curious anyway. Perhaps I should clarify. Any time I ever saw two white guys in porn, it always grossed me out like it should've, but a white guy sucking a big black cock always turned me on, but it also made me feel guilty as hell because I liked it. It sounds fucked up, I know, but that's the way it had always been. And now, not only was it okay, but my wife actually wanted me to do it? Grabbing his shaft with my hand, I opened my mouth wide and pulled the huge head into my mouth. It had both the familiar taste of Brandi, coupled with the salty spunk I had just sucked out of her pussy.
