 A Dream Come True: Tom's Fantasy Fulfilled

My name is Tom, I live in Manchester, where I have lived all my life with my parents, about four miles out from the city centre. People say that it always rains in Manchester, but that's not true. At least it doesn't rain here more than it does anywhere else in the North of England. It's easy to get into the countryside from here. The Lake District is less than an hour's drive away, and it's beautiful there whatever the weather is like, whatever the time of year. 

I went to school in Manchester. I finished my A-level exams at seventeen, thinking of going to University like my sister did, but I was offered a job in computer sales. The money was good and it seemed like too decent an opportunity to miss, so I took it. I knew I could do some study later in life if I needed to. 

I am fairly quiet. I don't often go out except on occasional drinking sprees with friends from work. Consequently I have never had much luck with women and never had a steady girlfriend. 

It was springtime. My sister Jenny was visiting from Leeds, where she had lived for the last couple of years, since finishing university there. Jenny had brought a friend with her to stay for a few days, Jane, who lived in York. I'll never forget Jane, she was twenty-five, the same age as my sister, and I was a nervous twenty year old. 

I can remember thinking how hot Jane looked when I first saw her; she had long black hair, a really cute ass and shapely rounded tits, not too big and not too little. She was graceful too. When she entered a room, she didn't just walk in, she glided like a goddess. I thought she was wonderful, but she seemed so inaccessible: too perfect. 

Neither of them took much notice of me on that visit. They were far too busy, wrapped up in meeting Jenny's old school friends. They would disappear about eleven o'clock in the morning and not return until at least three o'clock the next morning. One night, they didn't come home at all and I stayed awake, tossing and turning in my bed, wondering where they might have gone. 

I became a bit obsessed with Jane. I found myself getting up at ten in the morning and waiting in my bedroom, opening the door just a crack when I heard her come out of her room, trying hard to catch a glimpse of her when she was on her way to the bathroom. One morning I was lucky. She came out of the room with her head turned back, talking to Jenny. She'd obviously just got out of bed and was sleepily tying the chord of her dressing gown, but not before I succeeded in getting a glimpse of her tits, fresh and alluring. 

Those few days came and went far too quickly. After they had left, I found I couldn't get Jane out of my mind. When I went to work, I found myself drifting off in the middle of talking to customers. The same thing happened when I went to the pub with my mates; and I jerked myself off every night, thinking about that glimpse of her tits. 

I had to do something. I had to invent a reason to travel up to York and see her but the problem was to think of something that would not make my intentions completely transparent. I didn't want Jane to know how much I'd been thinking about her. 

Sometimes things happen in life where it's as if someone's looking down on you, smiling. That's exactly what I thought when I got a memo at work asking me to enrol on a training course in some new software that had just been developed. I always go on the training courses, even though they might be a bit boring, because they are useful and they look good on your CV. In addition to that, training courses mean paid time off work, accommodation in a four star hotel, and a few good drinking sessions with the other course members, very few of whom give the 'training' element of the course very high priority. 

I was in the process of filling out the application form, when my eyes flicked to the venue. I stopped breathing for a moment. It was the address. I couldn't stop staring at it. The hotel where they were holding the training course was in York! My hand shook as I filled out the form but I was still the first in my department to complete it and hand it in. 

That was it: the perfect excuse, just thrown at me. All I had to do now was to say - casually of course - that I might 'drop in' while I was in the area. 

A week later, I somehow summoned up the courage to phone Jane. 

"Of course, drop round. I'll meet you from the station if you like." 

I paused for a few moments, taking in what she had just said. Was she really offering to meet me from the station? I panicked then, having to think of something to say that had to sound like I wasn't bothered one way or the other whether she met me or not: and it had to be quick. 

"Well, I wouldn't want you to go to any trouble." 

"It's no trouble, I'm not doing very much at the moment. It will be good to see you. When's the course?" 

"In a month's time. I have to be there on Monday the seventeenth at nine." 

"Well, why don't you come up for the weekend before, make a holiday out of it. I can show you round York. It's a beautiful place." 

I could hardly believe my luck. This was just getting better and better. I agreed, trying not to sound over-enthusiastic. I arranged to travel up on the Friday night. 

One eternal month later, I was standing at the railway station in York, my heart racing. I could see Jane standing there, waiting. She hadn't spotted me and I stood for a few minutes, just taking in her beauty. When she did notice me, she grinned, smiling with her mouth and her eyes. 

As she walked towards me, I felt myself flush with the uncertainty and the anticipation. What if she isn't interested in me, sexually? I'm not sure if I could stand it, after all the waiting. But then again, what if she is? 

"Hi Jane," I said, amazed by how cool I sounded, "thanks for meeting me. It's good of you." 

"No trouble at all, Chuck," she responded. "Let's go and dump your stuff and then we can decide what to do for the evening." 

I threw my case into the boot of her car and we drove to her place, a couple of miles from the station. On the way, we exchanged small talk about how my sister was doing and what I was expecting from the training course. Our talk contrasted completely with what was going on in my head. All I could think about was whether or not we might fuck. 

We pulled up outside her flat. It was fairly small, just one tiny bedroom, but a good-sized kitchen and living room combined. The whole place was cluttered; a notice board covered in postcards on the inside of the kitchen door and lots of hippie ornaments and papers scattered about on every surface. It felt really welcoming though, a place to relax. 

From the first we seemed to hit it off. After I had recovered from my initial amazement that she would even look twice at me, I found it so easy being in her company. We spent the evening swapping life stories and laughing with each other. I didn't try to have sex on that first night. I was just so pleased that we were together. I did spend an uncomfortable night on the sofa though - restless, wanting to jerk myself off, but not feeling able to in case, for some reason, she came into the room. 

The events of the next night will remain sealed in my memory forever. Before Jane, my only sexual experiences had been adolescent fumblings in the back of the car I would borrow from my sister sometimes; uncomfortable, clumsy and predictable, with some girl I didn't really fancy but who I had heard was an easy lay. With Jane it was different. 

In the evening, after spending the day walking round York, we decided to stay in and watch a video, a cosy night in, just the two of us. I brought a bottle of red wine, Cotes du Rhone, and we ordered a pizza to be delivered. Jane cleared the papers and magazines off the table and we ate the pizzas, sipping the wine and talking. I was starving, I hadn't eaten all day, my stomach wouldn't settle, being full of the butterflies of anticipation. 

After we had cleared the plates away, Jane kicked her shoes off and stretched on the sofa. 

"Let's not watch the video yet," she said. "Let's put some music on and talk for a while. You choose the music, something soft." I could tell that the couple of glasses of wine she had drunk had made her slightly tipsy. I felt as if she was thinking about sex too, but I couldn't trust my instincts. Again the seeds of doubt took root inside my head. What if it was just wishful thinking on my part? 

"That's fine by me." I said, grinning nervously. I handed her a glass of wine. She took it from me and sipped it slowly. 

I put a CD into the player and turned round and looked at her. She was so lovely and sexy, lying on the sofa with one arm behind her head and one hand balancing the glass on her flat belly. My eyes lingered on her tits, which were straining against her tight T-shirt. I longed to slide my hand up inside that T-shirt and caress them, but was afraid that she might object. My eyes flicked up to her face, meeting hers for an instant. She was watching me watching her. My face reddened. I realised that I had been staring. 

"It's all right, you know," she whispered. "You can touch them, if you want to." 

I could feel my face go even redder and felt a stirring in my cock when she said that. I hesitated for a moment, then I reached out and placed my left hand on one of her tits, letting it rest there, savouring its warmth and softness. I rubbed my hand gently all round and passed my thumb over the nipple, feeling it stiffen. I looked at Jane and noticed that she had become flushed. Her lips were parted and I heard her give a sharp intake of breath. 

I took the glass out of her hand and put it on the coffee table, which was placed at the head of the sofa and stood beside her for a moment, just looking. I didn't really know what to do next - I had never done anything like this before. 

I had a feeling that Jane was enjoying being watched, so I plucked up the courage to ask her to do something I had been longing for her to do, ever since that first glimpse, coming out of her bedroom. 

"Can I see them Jane?" I asked, nervously. I could hear my voice quiver. 

Slowly and sensually, she pulled her T-shirt off over her head and dropped it to the floor. I watched while she unclipped her bra and let that drop too. Placing her arms behind her head, she was completely topless now. I felt so aroused. My cock was straining against the material of my pants. Her nipples were pink and hard, contrasting with the whiteness and softness of her skin and she was looking into my eyes smiling and dead cool. 

She parted her legs slightly, so I could see her panties, lacy and black, just covering her mound with a few stray wisps of pubic hair escaping either side. There was little damp spot betraying the fact that she was definitely getting turned on. I yearned to see more.

Again I plucked up the courage to ask her to do something I'd been longing for. 

"Take your panties off?" I croaked. 

Jane immediately lifted her hips and wriggled out of her panties, leaving her skirt on. How did she get to be so confident? She lay on her back on the sofa. Opening her legs she pulled wide her pussy lips, showing me the way inside her. I don't think I had ever seen anything quite so beautiful. She looked just like a model in one of those magazines that my friends passed around sometimes. Only she was real. 

I was so excited, I thought I was going to faint. Jane beckoned me to come nearer, indicating that I should kneel in front of her, between her parted thighs. She guided my shaking hands along the inside of her thighs, slowly upwards, towards her hot, wet pussy, pushing her knees further apart. I had never been so turned on before. My breathing was becoming really heavy, my mouth hung half-open and my cock seemed to get harder every second. The sight of her cunt lips, pink and glistening under her skirt, was driving me wild. She pulled my hands further up so I could tease her cunt with my fingers, which slipped easily into her wetness. I had never known anything like it. The 'easy lays' I mentioned earlier were nothing like this. 

Jane moaned quietly. I looked up and could see that she had her eyes closed and her head back, as if she were giving into the pleasure. It made me feel slightly bolder. 

I had never tasted a woman's juices before, but I had often wondered what it was like. I leaned my head forward and licked the inside of her thigh, running my tongue up towards her open lips. I wanted to taste every inch of her. 

"Oh yes, lick my clit," she moaned. I wasn't exactly certain where she meant, so I explored around her swollen lips with my tongue, noticing a pea sized swelling, covered with a hood, just towards the top of her slit. It was hard, like a tiny erection. I flicked my tongue over it, tentatively. Jane moaned again, louder this time, telling me that I had found the right place. I flicked again, she grunted again, and jerked her hips up, pushing into my face. I increased the rate of flicks of my tongue, letting myself be guided by her response. The taste was incredible, like nothing I'd ever experienced; it was sweet and slightly creamy. 

I was nearly there, being this close to her. I could taste the sweetness of her juices and my cock felt like it was about to burst. Gaining more courage by the second, I unzipped my trousers and slipped them off, quickly followed by my boxers, my cock stiffer than it had ever been before, sticking up towards her. When she saw my cock, she opened her legs wider. 

"Fuck me Tom, fuck me," she moaned, sitting up and ripping off my shirt, throwing it to the floor. 

I didn't need to be asked twice. I pulled her hips towards me and stroked the tip of my cock up and down her wet lips. 

"Push it in deep!" she pleaded. 

I plunged my cock deep inside. God, it felt lovely, hot and wet and so sexy. She pushed towards me and together our bodies began to thrust. She was shouting now. 

"Oh, deeper, faster, please!" 

I was so carried away, it didn't take me long to cum, holding on to her hips like that and pulling her towards me while she pushed too, in rhythm. I felt myself explode inside her and she shouted out. I could feel her cunt muscles contracting round my cock while I came, and hear her screaming, so I knew that she was there as well. Our spasms ebbed and waved, in unison, and gradually subsided until we were still. We lay there for a long time, with our arms round each other, relaxed, before I reluctantly pulled myself out of her and curled up beside her on the sofa. 

We spent the next couple of hours talking before Jane led me to the bed and we fell asleep, naked, legs and arms intertwined. 

The next day, when I woke up, Jane was still asleep. Totally enthralled, I couldn't resist lifting the covers up, slowly and gently so as not to wake her, to look at her warm naked body. Knowing that she was asleep, I felt more confident about gazing at her, letting my eyes rest, not just on my favourite places but all over her body, her calves and smooth thighs. Her left arm was still outstretched, where my head had been until just a few moments ago. I snuggled back onto her arm and lay there, grinning to myself. 

She woke up then and turned towards me, her soft mouth meeting mine, tender kisses all over our eyes, cheeks and lips. We made love, slowly, as if it were the most natural thing in the world. 

PART TWO

A couple of hours later, showered and groomed, we both sat at her table talking. We agreed that we had never had such wonderful sex before. I told Jane that the best sex I had had before was by myself, fantasising. 

"What's your favourite fantasy?" Jane asked. "I would love to know." I thought about telling her the truth, but didn't want to risk her being shocked, or even appalled, so I made something up that really, I found pretty boring. It was something about fucking a film star, the first thing that came into my head. 

We both looked at each other, smiling, each of us knowing that the other was remembering the events of the previous night and that morning. We decided to go for another walk round the city centre, holding hands and talking, before sitting down on a park bench and gazing into each other's eyes. God, it was intense. 

Looking at her, I noticed that Jane had a puzzled expression on her face. 

"What is it Jane?" I asked her. "You look like you're worried about something." 

"Well, I'm not really worried," she replied. "More sort of curious." 

"Curious about what?" I asked, intrigued. 

"Do you remember when we were talking this morning, and I asked you about your favourite fantasy?" 

"Yes." I replied, wondering what was coming next. 

"Well," she said. "I sort of didn't believe you. It's just that you didn't sound at all excited when you said it and well, it just didn't ring true." 

I didn't know what to say. I didn't want to lie to her, but I was really scared of telling her the truth. Like I said before, she might be appalled. 

"You can tell me the truth you know," she continued, obviously noticing my reluctance to answer. "I think that whatever you fantasise about is ok, because it's just in your head and it's safe. I would really like to know. You never know," she giggled, behind her hand, "I might just get turned on by it." 

My mind was in turmoil. I knew that if I made something else up, Jane would see right through it, but I was terrified of her knowing the truth. What kind of choice was that? Tell her the truth, and risk her being appalled and never speaking to me again? Or make something up and risk losing her trust? I realised that I didn't really have a choice. If I lied to her, she might never feel able to trust me, so I would just have to risk her knowing. 

"Well its about these two girls," I began, faltering. "They're sisters. One's twenty-five and one's twenty-six." I could feel myself going hot, partly because I was feeling so anxious, and partly because I was getting turned on by what I was thinking. Dare I tell her that these two sisters are actually my cousins? I had to. Jane would be able to tell if I left anything out. 

"Go on," Jane said, looking interested "tell me more." 

"Well the thing is, Jane…" God, I was shaking now. I couldn't control it. "They're my cousins. Please don't be shocked. It's just that when I saw them on the beach last summer, they both looked really sexy. They had their bikinis on and, well, you know…" 


"Yes, I know." Jane grinned. You can imagine how relieved I was when I realised that she wasn't shocked at all. It made me wonder what on earth I'd been worried about. I should have known that she would be so open about it. 

"Tell me about them." Jane asked, looking into my eyes and smiling. "I would really like to know the sort of things that turn you on." 

"Well, the younger one's called Julie. She's got brown hair and this kind of olive skin. She goes jogging so her legs are quite muscular. Not too muscular though, she just looks really healthy. Her tits aren't very big, but that really suits her. When she was wearing her bikini, she looked really hot." 

"What about the other one?" Jane asked, watching me intently. 

"Well, she's called Sandy, She's got black hair and green eyes, just like you. Her skin was tanned when I saw her on the beach and her tits are enormous." 

Jane was leaning on the back of the bench with her hand under her chin, looking at me. 

"What do you fantasise about doing with them?" She asked. I had a feeling then, that she was getting turned on, listening to me talk about how I got turned on by my cousins. She certainly looked interested in what I was saying. 

"Well, I love Sandy's tits. I imagine myself fucking her and fondling them, and licking on Julie's cunt from behind at the same time, while she bends over in front of me." I felt the familiar twitch in my cock while we were talking. I was surprised at the ease with which I was telling her this stuff. I had never dared tell anybody before. 
