 Sitting at the computer in my office, the problem wasn't solving itself. I needed a break. I ran my fingers through my hair, leaned back, stretched my arms, moaned audibly and then decided to take a walk. I pushed my chair back from my desk, stood up and headed for the door. 

"Just taking a break Janine" I said to my secretary as I passed her. She looked up from her screen, her big blue eyes smiling.

"Ok Mr. B, don't do anything I wouldn't do" she then teased.

We were good friends, and we often chatted about our sex lives over lunch.

I was married. Janine was single, and enjoyed playing the singles scene. I'm very happily married, to Dee, a wonderful woman, and enjoyed listening to Janine's wild stories of her nights out on the town.

In the elevator, I yawned and stretched again, the frustration of the morning had got to me. I waited for the doors to open on the ground floor, then walked out the main building door, turned left, and headed for the shopping district. I figured I'd grab a coffee, a bite to eat and maybe find something for Dee for her birthday that was approaching. Anything to get my mind off work for a while.

The sun was shining and I felt the warmth of it on my face as I walked past the florist towards the fruit shop. Stopping to grab an apple, I paid the lady behind the counter, bit into the lovely juicy flesh, and walked on.

Chewing on my apple and freeing up my mind, I mindlessly walked a few blocks. Finding a bin to put my apple core in, I noticed a particular store. It was a lovely dress shop, and in the window were a number of classy and elegantly sexy evening gowns. I decided I'd take a look, as I planned to take Dee out for dinner and a night of dancing for her birthday, and wondered if I might find something perfect in this shop.

Entering the store, I noticed a few ladies browsing, and what appeared to be two staff members. One was a young girl of about twenty five, wearing black pants and a nice pink blouse. Very classy, but not stunning. The other though, was absolutely amazing. She was not young, in fact, I would have said she was late forties. However, she had the classic features similar to Racquel Welch. Her hair was a wild mane of brunette, cascading down her back, and her eyes were a stunning dark brown, not hidden by the small glasses she wore. Her top was a classic cut white button up shirt, with the top two buttons undone, revealing a wonderful set of breasts, that I suspected may have had some help in staying in such wonderful shape. It didn't bother me in the slightest. On her bottom half she wore a skin tight black leather skirt, which was cut below the knee, and featured a split at the rear that rose to just below her curvy buttocks. The woman was a stunner, and her beauty distracted me from the reason I was there.

"Can I help you sir".

The words caught me by surprise.

"Umm, just looking thanks" I stuttered to the young girl as she approached me from behind.

"No problem, let me know if you need any help, ok" she said politely, smiling and then heading off to help some other customers.

I started to look at some of the garments on display, and found myself enjoying imagining what Dee would look like wearing each of them. My wife is tall, with decent curves, and the most god gorgeous butt I have ever seen. We shared a wonderful marriage, and I loved her as much now as I ever did. We'd had some fun naughty adventures, and while we weren't swingers as such, we had shared a number of wild times with other sexual partners when the mood had taken us. We were both confident enough in our love not to be threatened by the experience of sexual pleasure outside our marriage. I wanted to totally blow Dee away with a gorgeous outfit, and this shop seemed to offer lots of promise in that area.

I was looking at a long black gown imagining it hugging Dee's curves, and was actually trying to think what shoes would go with it, when I was caught off guard.

"She must be lovely".

It was the older lady. 

"My wife? She is. She's having a birthday and I'm looking for something special for her to wear out to dinner and dancing."

I was like a schoolboy staring at the new teacher. Transfixed. Did she notice?

"Mmmmmm……lucky girl. Let me see if I can help you then shall we?" 

It wasn't a question. She was telling me.

The woman took the black gown from the rack and held it up for me.

"Feel the material. It's very sensual. Sheer too, which means your wife will have to feel comfortable having men and women see her nipples. She won't be able to wear a bra with this because the material is so fine. Is that likely to be a problem?"

Boy, this woman was stunning. Not only did she have me totally transfixed by her beauty, but, she knew her stuff, and, was obviously totally comfortable talking with customers about the sexier side of choosing a dress! She had me totally hooked. The almost forgotten added bonus was that her inference about men and women seeing my wife's nipples through the dress gave me the hint that she might too be interested in women. Oh lord!! The problem back at the office was now long gone, and my mind was working a million miles an hour wondering how to find out more about this beauty before me.

I knew the dress was the one for Dee, but I wanted this little excitement in my life to continue, at least for a while longer. 

"I agree, the dress is gorgeous, and I have no doubt my wife will love it, and look hot in it, but can you show me a few more designs please? I like to consider my choices carefully before making any decisions."

"Certainly sir. My name is Tanya. This is my store. I will be pleased to show you more from our range. Please take a seat."

She was all business. I sat in the leather recliner which was obviously provided for the men who bought their women into the store. It was very comfortable.

"Thank you. I'm Steve, and my wife's name is Dee." I replied, smiling at her, noticing that her eyes were like magnets, attracting my interest further.

"So Steve, tell me more about Dee. Her height, waist, bust and hips measurements. Do you know them?"

I surprised her then. It was my turn to get some control.

"She's five ten, 34C – 25 – 37, blonde, blue eyes, and wears size 8 shoes. Loves heels, hates flats, and adores things that show off her body. So do I in fact."

I looked her in the eye and smiled. She returned the smile, and removed her glasses slowly.

"Well, seems you're quite the expert. I gather this is not the first time you've bought Dee something special to wear, Steve?"

"Correct. I like to buy all her clothes. That way she looks the way I like her to at all times. It's an important part of our relationship. She loves me to take care of her, and I enjoy it too."

"Well, well, quite the Master aren't you? Let's see if we can't tempt you with a few items then."

And with that she disappeared behind the small curtain to the rear of the store, her seamed stockings showing in the split of her leather skirt as she clicked away in her classic heels.

I took a moment to look around the store, and liked what I saw. The place oozed class, and everywhere I looked, outfits were on display. Not just single items, but complete outfit combinations. Dress, shoes, bag, jewellery, etc. This woman did it well, and I liked her style. I also thought she was the hottest thing I'd seen in a long time.

"Right Steve, how's this then?" she said from behind the curtain. 

I expected her to emerge carrying another dress or two, but was pleasantly surprised. Tanya pulled the curtain to the side in one sweeping movement, capturing the moment to maximum effect. She was stunning. She was now wearing a red sating ball gown, which hugged her amazingly curvaceous bosoms wonderfully. It had a tight waist, with a flowing long skirt section which fanned out similar to a wedding dress in shape. It was beautiful, but way too formal for what I had in mind. I fidgeted restlessly in the chair, my penis popping it's head up for the first time that morning. Trying to remain calm on the outside, despite the blood surging to my cock, I spoke.

"Tanya, I must say, that is a stunning gown, and you look absolutely delightful in it. But, it's a little too formal for dinner. Do you have something a little less formal, and perhaps a little sexier?" I said, a hint of mischievous smile emanating from her lips as I said that last part.

"Let me see what I can do".

She sashayed away from me, the shiny red satin material of the formal gown showing clearly that Tanya had removed, if she in fact had been wearing any, her panties. The little man in my underwear gave a further pulse as another surge of blood made its way to the head. I was now at the stage where standing up would have been totally embarrassing, and was glad to be entrenched in the leather recliner where nobody could see how totally horny I was becoming thanks to Tanya.

A few minutes later, her voice was again behind the curtain.

"Let's see what you think of this one Steve. Slightly less formal, and definitely a little sexier than the first one."

And with that she swept the curtain back and appeared before. I was speechless. She was wearing a pink full length tube dress made of that spandexy type material that hugs the body like a second skin and looks like wetsuit material. Her incredible boobs were pointing at me, her nipples obviously stiffened. I wasn't sure if it was the slightly cool temperature in the shop, or the fact that she was showing off her flawless body to a stranger in front of several other customers who were, by now, also looking on in total awe and just a hint of jealously.

"Well, Steve. What do you think of this one?"

As she asked me, her hands went teasingly to her hips, and poised there as she slowly spun around, showing me the fact that her ass was totally butt naked under the pink spandex. It was an awesome sight, and she must have read my mind, because, without saying a word, she took my hand and slowly, no, Oooooh so slowly glided my fingers across the smooth curves of her ass inside the unbelievably sexy material. Her bum was firm, but not the muscly type firm of a young woman. It was the type of firm of a woman in her forties who still kept her body proudly in shape. I did not want to let go, and was almost relieved when she moved away, my erection now bursting at the zipper of my trousers.

I gathered my thoughts enough to know that I didn't want to go back to the office any time soon.

"Hmmm. I like that one MUCH better Tanya. In fact, it is simply stunning. Please put that one aside for the moment and keep going if you wouldn't mind". Playing on words, I then teasingly added, "I'm not sure I've seen enough to make up my mind just yet".


Again, this incredible vision of mature womanhood moved behind the curtain, this time emerging in a totally different type of outfit. It was a suit, classy and elegant, but definitely not my style.

"Tanya, I believe I would like to see the black dress now if you would be so kind."

She kept me waiting, I suspect, knowing that this was the dress that I had almost decided to buy the moment I had seen it. I gathered she was making it look as good as possible in the hope that I might buy both the black one and the pink one. About ten minutes later, she emerged. My jaw dropped.

The black gown was even better on Tanya than I had imagined it on my gorgeous wife. I had chosen well. Tanya stood there in front of me, plain as day, with every inch of her body straining against the almost sheer material of the black dress. The front of the dress plunged deeply between her bosoms, revealing an incredibly hot cleavage that I was just dying to stuff my face into. The spaghetti straps over her shoulders joined in back in a criss cross pattern. At the waist a small silver jewelled belt held it in place, and highlighted the fact that Tanya was in excellent shape, her jutting breasts superbly topping a tiny waist. The bottom half of the dress was a flowing jagged pattern, with the se through material doing little to hide Tanya's pantyless backside. In front, there was just enough of a gather to hide a woman's pussy, but in the right light it was clear that Tanya was neatly trimmed downstairs.

Tanya has a weird effect on me from the moment I had seen her in the shop, and I was now feeling confident enough to have my turn at directing the action taking place in the shop. There were still several other customers and the other salesgirl looking at various outfits. I rose from the chair, and moved towards where Tanya was standing, he hands firmly planted on those ohhhh so curvy hips.

I moved behind her, taking my time, looking, my erect penis gently touching the black material that hid Tanya's bottom from view only just. I moved my hips forward a touch. The head of my cock inched its way between her butt cheeks, pushing the material into the crease of her amazing bottom.

"I like it" I said.

"I can tell" she replied, and to emphasize the wickedness of our situation, she firmly pushed her hips back a few inches, jamming my trouser bound erection further between her cheeks. 

"I need to see more. In the back, now." I said, fingers crossed that my new found bravado would not scare this elegant creature.

Without a word she walked around me, pulling her ass from it's stool that was my cock, and clicked her heels along the timber floor as she disappeared behind the curtain.

I followed.

Once behind the curtain, she stood facing me, her eyes fixated on mine, her chest jutting challengingly at me still encased in the lunging neckline of the dress. I stepped forward, looked at her longingly, then reached forward and suddenly separated the almost see through black material hiding her magnificent breasts. 

I leant forward, and the opportunity to sample those incredible nipples took a hold of me. Her hand went to the back of my head and pinned my mouth against her left nipple, as I sucked, licked and kissed it firmly, before being guided across to the right hand boob for more of the same. I was totally absorbed by this woman, and she was beginning to return the favour. Her left hand slid down my trousers to where my cock was lewdly pressing against my zipper. Slowly, as I sucked her tits, she unzipped me and her soft but knowledgeable hand slid inside, finding my shaft. A moan escaped her lips, as her fist closed around my now very hard cock, squeezing it's length delightfully. I bit down on her nipple, and she gave me the desired response. Her hand holding my head gripped my hair and her fist on my cock tightened considerably.

Suddenly she jerked my head back, my teeth almost ripping her right nipple as I released my grip. She stood back, and removed the dress in one go.

"I don't want it ruined for your wife".

Ever the professional saleslady I thought, as my attention focussed on her amazing body that was totally naked in front of me, the only accessory being the black heels she kept on. I digged this woman big time, and she knew it. For a brief moment I wondered how many other men had been 'serviced' in this way as they purchased clothes for their wife, but was snapped back to erotic reality by the hand that was once again on my cock.

Tanya dropped to her knees, her gorgeous dark eyes looking back up at me as she began to suck on my cock. I almost fainted with the suddenness of the pleasure. She was VERY capable. My entire cock disappeared down her throat within the first few sucking movements. Inside thirty seconds I was deeply engulfed in this incredible woman's mouth, her nose buried in the small tuft of pubic hair that Dee allowed me to keep above my shaft. Dee was also a great head giver, and my wife liked her plate kept clean.

Tanya's action was amazingly good, and her hand fondling my balls was adding to the sexual feeling that was bursting forth.

Just as I thought she was about to make me cum and swallow my load, she stood, turned around, lifted a leg and reached back to finger her very moist pussy.

I took the hint, and dropped to my knees, my tongue quickly burying it's way into her pussy, lapping at her lips, her clit and then combining the licking and flickering motion I have used so successfully on Dee for the years of our marriage.

I was so horny for this incredible looking woman, that I momentarily removed my tongue from her clit, and then pushed its length into her tight, pink asshole. The tightness of the sphincter muscle delighted me, and I sensed she may not have had too many adventures in the back door, despite her obvious enjoyment of adventures here in the back room!

I lapped and licked and tongue fucked Tanya'a ass until I wanted more. 

Standing, I undid my belt and dropped my trousers. Tanya looked at me again and said "Now".

I did as I was told, and reached forward with the head of my cock. I was not worried about romantic foreplay any longer. I wanted to fuck, and so did she.

I jammed my cock in, her moist cunt engulfing almost half my length on the first naughty, but amazingly erotic thrust. Here I was, taking a break from a really important project, out shopping for a birthday present for my wife, fucking an incredibly sexy bitch in the back room of her shop. It was intensely wicked, and I loved it. I Knew Dee would enjoy hearing about it, and the thought of my wife sucking my cock as I told her about this amazing sex with Tanya, made me jam it back in, this time to the hilt of her very wet cunt.

We fucked like animals, and I have no idea what the other customers or the sales girl thought about what was clearly happening in the back room. Tanya was now gripping my neck as I fucked her hard from behind, with long fast strokes. I held her by the hips, in an attempt to get more of my cock further inside her with each thrust. It was intense. I began grunting as I fucked this gorgeous woman, and she responded with those delightful whimpering sounds a woman makes when you know she has surrendered her body to the invasion of her cunt.

Out of nowhere, I felt something on my balls, as I pumped and pumped my cock into this creature of elegance and beauty. Not wanting to stop, I turned to see the sales girl, on her knees behind me, her fingers plunged deep into her own pussy, fucking herself, her tongue slapping and licking it's way across my agates as I fucked. 

"Man, this was getting better and better" I thought as I continued to fuck Tanya and enjoy the tongue lapping at my balls.

Dee and I had shared many threesomes, but due to her higher than mine sexual appetite, they had almost all been two men one woman adventures. This combination of sensual experience was new to me, and I thrived on the combined feelings in my shaft and my testicles as I fucked the amazing woman in front of me. I reached for her boobs, and felt the incredible firmness only silicon can give. It mattered not, for I was firmly in fuck mode, and the nasty little sales girl was now working her way up and down my shaft as it pumped in and out of her bosses sopping pussy. 

It was too much.

I thrust in with three last pumps before the explosion hit Tanya like a volcanic eruption deep inside her pussy. I came, and came, and came, until the huge load of cum started getting that squishy gooey texture as it started to seep from her pussy, and coat my cock shaft. I pulled from her pussy, the still erect shaft of my cock grabbed firmly by the mouth of the sales girl, who, surprisingly, sucked and sucked until the shaft of my cock was totally clean, her mouth full of my cum and Tanya's pussy juices. The feeling of the slimy tongue all over my very sensitive cock was amazing, and I closed my eyes, never wanting the snaking movement on my cock to stop.

Tanya dropped to her knees, and took the sales girls' face gently in her hands. I watched in awe as these two creatures, separated by at least twenty years, kissed. Their tongues entwined and I groaned as I watched the elder woman's tongue snake inside the mouth of the younger girl, my cum being shared between them, until they both closed their mouths and swallowed deeply, my cum implanted in both woman's stomach.
