 Author's note: this story was written at the request of a reader; there is a theme of almost non-consent, but mostly just enjoyment of a surprising fantasy fulfilled. I hope you enjoy.

------------------------------

Teresa was sitting at home alone, reading yet another dirty book about a horny house wife who was being gang-banged at a party... for some reason she just got so turned on by the idea of being taken by more than one guy. Not that she was a horny housewife, just a regular 22 year old girl... but it was her dirty little hidden fantasy. To be taken and abused somewhat... not that she actually wanted to be hurt, but she wanted them to do things to her; dirty things. Things that most girls would be horrified to think about... sometimes she wondered if something was wrong with her; but there were always books and porn about this. So maybe it wasn't so strange, there were obviously other people who got into the same kind of things that she did.

Setting her book down she went over to her computer, pulling up her journal page.

She wrote:

Sometimes I just wish that I could have the guts to find a couple of guys to actually do all the fantasies that I've written about... I don't know what it is that turns me on so much about being abused by several guys. Just the idea of having all my holes filled is like, the hottest thing ever... I've never even tried a lot of the things that I want. I suppose I could fulfill parts of my fantasies, but for me the biggest part is always having a couple guys there while I'm doing it, and having them do it to me. I just don't think it's quite as satisfying otherwise.

Looking at the entry she decided she was done. It was probably the shortest entry she'd ever written - usually her entries were almost akin to the erotic stories that she read; detailing specific fantasies and scenarios that she'd like to have done to her. Sighing she went into the kitchen and pulled out a cucumber. Rubbing it with her hands to warm it up, she knew that it wasn't going to be the same, but at least she could imagine.

Stripping down she lay naked on the floor, pressing the cucumber to her wet pussy and picturing a group of guys around, jacking off... one of them knelt between her legs and was pressing the cucumber in and out of her pussy... fucking her harder and harder with it. Two more knelt down on either side of her to suck on her nipples...

Dammit this wasn't working. She was only one person, she only had two hands... she couldn't even make herself come CLOSE to feeling the same things. Horny and frustrated she pumped herself hard with the cucumber, abandoning her fantasy and just trying to get off. She came hard, but it wasn't what she wanted, and she was still feeling a little empty and frustrated inside. Washing the cucumber off she put it back in the fridge and went to the bed.

********************************

A week later, Teresa awoke in the middle of the night... her sheets were off and her t-shirt that she was wearing was up above her chest. Hands were touching her... and she realized that she wasn't wearing panties. Taking a breath to scream, she was muffled by a hand covered with a leather glove that immediately covered her mouth.

"She's awake," he hissed in a low voice, and she realized that there was more than one... "Give me her panties." A moment later her panties were stuffed in her mouth, muffling any more screams, and three pairs of hands were moving all over her body. Ok, so they were holding her down to, but she was incredibly turned on... it was just like out of one of her books! Truthfully, although she was frightened, as long as they weren't going to hurt or kill her she would go along with this! Unfortunately she couldn't tell them that, and so just wriggled as they molested her body. 

Fingers pinched at her nipples, twisting them roughly and bringing tears to her eyes even as the same sensation sent a shot of lust straight through her pussy. Arching her back on the bed she tried to relieve the pinch as the fingers pulled her nipples upwards, stretching out her breast. Everything about this turned her on, even though fear was pumping through her body it just fed her desire. 

A detached part of her mind thought, 'I'm so perverted...'

After all, she was laying here, her body being molested and abused by - she counted three figures in the dark - and she was more turned on that she'd ever been in her life. If they took her gag out she'd be begging for their cocks, encouraging them to abuse her. She felt light-headed and giddy as hands slid up her inner thighs, two fingers parting her sopping pussy lips and pressing in.

"She's tight but she's wet as all fuck," a voice hissed, "You like this don't you, you little slut?"

Teresa's body reacted both to the name and the fingers that pressed upwards inside her as he spoke, a muffled cry emitting from behind the gag. The men all chuckled as her body writhed in front of them, mouths covering her nipples and biting down as a tongue probed around the fingers in her pussy. It was heavenly... obviously they weren't here to hurt her, and she was feeling awfully good... the fear was receding behind a wall of rampant lust. Their mouths sucked on her body, incredible feelings of shocked desire surged through her as their hands and tongues teased her senses.

With the one man's finger moving inside her pussy, and all their oral stimulation, it wasn't very long before Teresa was cumming ecstatically; her body practically levitating with pleasure as she screamed behind the panty-gag. The men laughed triumphantly as she came down from her orgasm, they were stripping off their clothes and she was burning with anticipation. One of them grabbed her and turned her over, startling her and making her kick out. A heavy slap to her ass stopped her struggles as the place where he hit her stung harshly, although it didn't stop her arousal at all.

They tied her hands behind her back, which she found rather exciting as well as scary... she'd thought about bondage before, and had even detailed it in some of her fantasies in her journal, but this was the real thing. Now she was completely vulnerable to whatever they wanted to do to her... They took the panty gag from her mouth and she immediately started begging,

"Please, you don't have to... UMPH!" Another gag was shoved in to replace the panties, it tasted of leather and metal and her jaw felt very stretched. Teresa felt a flash of indignation, she'd just wanted to tell them that they didn't HAVE to restrain her, she'd cooperate - and gladly! But they seemed to get a lot of pleasure out of having her so vulnerable to them, and truth be told she rather liked it too... it was just scary. There was no control left to her at all.

They lifted her up to straddle on of them, he was laying on the bed with his large dick pointing straight up at her ready pussy. She moaned heavily as they lowered her onto him, her tightness stretching deliciously over his meat-stick; he groaned too, in pleasure as her body sucked him inside of her, tight and wet. Holding onto her breasts, he pushed her so that she was mostly sitting up, pinching her nipples and making her whimper as he moved slightly underneath her. Another of the guys got in front of her and started pushing his dick into her mouth and she realized that the gag had a wide round opening so that they could get a blow job from her even while she was gagged!

Of course, with her hands behind her back she had no control over the blow job at all and he was soon pushing his way into her throat as she gagged and panicked, never having deep throated a guy before. It didn't seem to matter to him though, he just kept pushing in and out of her mouth, working his way deeper and deeper as she struggled to breath. Soon there was a distraction at her backside as something slimy pressed up against her asshole. Fear flashed through her... it was EXACTLY like one of her stories, the ones that made her the hottest but also caused her the most fear!

Imagine... having two guys in both her holes at once... and her ass was virgin. At the moment. She screamed as the dick pressed into her asshole, opening it up painfully; and her vocal reverberations vibrated up the dick in her mouth, making him groan happily and plunge completely into her mouth. With her nose pressed up against his groin, she couldn't decide which was the more precarious position for her, the meat-popsicle or the dick invading her tight ass. Tears leaked down her face at the sensory overload as all three of them starting moving inside her body.

Her ass burned and cramped, but her pussy felt soooo good... and having a dick in her mouth just made the rest of it seem so complete. In fact, she was starting to wish that she didn't have the gag in her mouth so that she could give the guy a real blow job. Writhing between their thrusting bodies, Teresa could feel the pain in her ass starting to diminish, it was just feeling very full and very good... her holes tightened convulsively as little waves of ecstacy shuddered through her. Not quite orgasms, her body still hadn't adjusted to the abuse, but like the little quakes that precede a shattering earth quake.

Everything seemed to be narrowed to the physical sensations that were consuming her body, she couldn't think, couldn't see, couldn't breath anything else. It was all just dick, moving in and out of her, pleasuring and hurting her, using her in the basest way possible... Teresa's orgasm grew and grew, she was getting almost as much pleasure out of its preparation as she would its arrival. She could feel it, a burning itch that went higher and higher inside her body with every thrust, her clit was thrumming against the guy underneath her as she rode him. With a scream, she felt herself falling over the edge, every muscle in her body tensing with ecstacy as her holes clamped down on the dicks inside her.

One after another the guys climaxed inside her, first the one in her pussy, then the one in her ass, and finally the one in her mouth; not quite simultaneously, but overlapping each other. Each of their climaxes just pushed hers higher and higher as she was filled with cum in every hole, gasping for air as the guy in her mouth pulled out, she fell onto the guy underneath her.

The guy who was pulling off his ski mask and grinning at her... the guy that she had known for at least 7 years.

"Happy early birthday Teresa!" grinned her best guy friend Matt, "We found your journal online and so we knew JUST what to get you!"

Teresa gaped, her voice caught in her throat as she gulped in air. Behind her, her friends Joe and David were untying her hands and taking the gag off.

She rolled off of Matt, exhausted and with cum leaking from her holes. The three guys looked at her, both excited and a little wary... they were pretty sure that she wouldn't be mad, but there WAS always the chance.

Finally she said,"You guys are the best..."

And they whooped and cheered, all leaning down for a quick kiss and caress. They hit the shower, all together, giggling and talking about how much fun it had been. 

"You know..." said Teresa, "There's no reason we can't do it again..."

The guys all looked at each other, and then at her slick and wet body, and then they picked her up and carried her back to the bed.