 I took a trip to Europe one summer and I bought an all-access train pass so I could travel freely from country to country. I had come originally with a group of friends but had to take a short excursion by myself to meet an old friend in Amsterdam. My friends would meet me there the following week. 

I got on the train late at night after drinking and smoking more than I should have. I wasn't ready to pass out, but I was pretty belligerent. Because of that, I decided to find the train car with the fewest passengers, hoping that I might even get one to myself. 

After scanning the entire section of the train I had boarded, I found one car near the back with only 3 men and a woman in it. Every other car had more people so I settled into a seat a few down from the woman. She stared at me for a while and then left the car, leaving me with the 3 men, who also had their eyes on me. I wondered if they spoke English.

"Do any of you speak English?" I asked drunkenly.

"Yes," they all replied in unison. They had Scandinavian sounding accents and they all seemed to know each other.

"Are you American?" One asked. He had dark hair and a small build. The other two were blondish with larger builds.

"Yeah," I replied, "And I'm drunk as fuck!"

They laughed and moved to sit near me. I was surrounded.

"I am Dirk," the dark haired one told me, "and this is Sean and Demetri." He motioned to the other two and they smiled.

"I'm Raynne," I told them. We spoke for a few minutes about our destinations and all that kind of stuff. They told me they were going to Amsterdam for a friend's birthday. They sat very close and shamelessly looked down my shirt half of the time. I just laughed and swayed in my intoxication. I was starting to have fantasies of fucking all three of them on a moving train in the middle of Europe, and it was turning me on.

Then, out of nowhere, the lights on the train went out and we screeched to a sudden stop. I fell into Dirk, grabbing his leg. He put his arms on my shoulders. I couldn't see a thing it was so dark. 

"We are going to be stopping for a period of an hour or two," A voice came through a speaker, "the lights are down and we have debris on the track. Please remain calm and patient." Then it got very quiet. I was still practically on top of Dirk after falling and then he just grabbed me and started kissing me. I kissed back and realized that my fantasy was about to come true, only the train wouldn't be moving and it was pitch black.

He pulled away and said something in Swedish to the other two men. They started touching me and removing my clothes. I heard zippers unzipping and I felt hands on my hardened nipples. Then, a hand up my skirt and then my skirt coming off. I was too drunk to keep track of who was who. 

I sat on Dirk's lap, I think, and felt his cock against my thigh. I reached down and rubbed it, making him moan. The other two continued to rub and touch me, until I was wet and ready, naked except for my shoes. Dirk slid his cock up my warm hole and I started riding him, sitting up. We kissed and he held me tight and met my thrusts. His cock wasn't huge but it did the job, and in no time I was cumming, moaning, and grinding into his hips. He threw his head back and creamed me. I could feel it splashing inside of me. I got up and announced that I was ready for another.

Sean or Demitri, I am not sure which one, then moved me onto the seats until I was on all fours. I felt a tongue dart into my slit and start licking. I moaned loudly and pulled the other guy's cock into my mouth, pumping his shaft and sucking his tip. He grabbed my shoulders and thrusted harder into my throat. His cock was a lot bigger than Dirk's and I wanted him to fuck me. 

I moved away from both of them slightly, still aware of where each man was, and then I told the guy I had been sucking to fuck me. He quickly pushed against me from behind and thrusted his thickness into my hot cunt. I took the cock of the man who had been eating me out into my mouth while the other fucked me. I suppose Dirk just listened. I could feel the man behind me hitting my back wall with the head of his dick as he thrusted in and out of my dripping slit. I moaned and came, raising my hips and spreading my legs so he could feel even more of my insides. His massive cock continued to screw me from behind while I sucked hard on the other guy. He thrusted into my face and moaned as he started cumming in my mouth. I swallowed his cum and licked his cock until he slipped it out. By then, I was being fucked very hard and could barely hold myself steady on the seats. Hands held my hips while the cock rammed into me. I screamed and moaned and so did the guy fucking me. He went for a long time before I felt his cream deep in my cunt. He pulled out and flipped me over on my back, my legs splayed open. 

His tongue was warm and he licked his own cum from my hole and pushed his fingers against my clit, sending me into another climax. I writhed on the seats and felt more hands probing my body. A semi-erect dick was against my face and I realized this wasn't any of the original men, but a new guy who had just entered the car. I didn't care because I was so horny and drunk, so I let him rub his dripping cockhead against my stomach and tits while I felt his hands on my sides. The tongue pulled away from my clit and was quickly replaced by the new man's now rock hard prick. He shoved it into me hard and fast.

"Ah!" I screamed, and tried to position myself higher up but I couldn't. He rammed his cock into me repeatedly, grunting and speaking in Dutch. I could feel his breath against the skin of my neck and I shivered. He held my hips and impaled me with his dick. I gasped and moaned when he started to rub my clit at the same time, and came loudly while he continued to thrash into me with the hardest cock I'd ever felt. It was like solid rock. Finally, after I had come again, he shot a load into my hole and pulled out, catching his breath.

I laid there, panting, until I felt another cock pressing against my slit. This time it rubbed up and down until I was soaking the seats and myself. I pleaded for him to push it in but he kept rubbing, until I noticed he was putting it in my ass. I raised my hips and guided him in, while he pushed against my tits with his chest. In minutes, he was fucking my ass in a piston-like rhythm, telling me how glad he was that the train had stopped. He was almost going to cum when the lights flashed back on and I opened my eyes.

Dirk was the man on top, fucking my ass, while Sean and Demitri stood aside and a man I didn't recognize sat next to me. That must have been who fucked me previously, I thought, trying to think while I was being reamed up the ass by Dirk's prick. I bucked my hips, losing my concentration on the car and started screaming as he shot a load into me. He pulled his cock out and I opened my eyes, noticing Sean putting his cock into my mouth. I sucked and pumped and felt another cock at my hole - Demetri. He fucked my cunt and my ass as I sucked Sean until he shot down my throat. Then Demetri splashed inside my ass and I felt hands turning me over. The other man fucked my ass from behind while I sat down on Dirk and fucked him on top. I was being double penetrated and another man just walked in, gasped, and unzipped his pants. He looked into my eyes and I told him mentally to come on over. His dick was in my mouth in seconds and I came on the two cocks below me as they simultaneously ejaculated into me. I got off them and fucked the new guy, hard, sitting on his lap. There were 5 guys total by then and I realized that I was starting to get tired. I didn't care, and I kept on fucking and sucking until the train started moving. 

Finally, another woman walked into the car after two of the men left and she took my place. More guys came in and the car became the sex car for the next few hours. The other woman fucked and I sucked, then we would switch. At one point, I had a cock in my cunt and a cock in my mouth while she rubbed my clit and took cocks in her ass and pussy while sucking on two more. All that could be heard was moaning, screaming, and heavy breathing. That and a lot of slurping. It was the dirtiest thing that I'd ever participated in but I was drunk and I loved it. 

I felt a jerk and then my eyes fluttered open quickly. I was fully clothed and leaning against my bag on the train. I looked around and saw 2 men, both with blondish hair. They looked at me strangely and I sat up. Then I remembered my dream and I smiled, adjusting myself and meeting the stares of the two real men sitting across. Maybe I could make my dream cum true, I thought.