 I am in the shower, singing at the top of my lungs. "Nothing could be finer than to be in your vagina in the morning! Nothing could be sweeter than your lips around my peter in the morning! Nothing could be greater than to be a masturbater
in the morning! Nothing could be sweeter than to be a pussy eater in the morning!..." Suzy climbed in the shower with me, her luscious 36C-27-38 figure making me forget which verse I was on. Her soft lips kissed me, and I forgot which
planet I was on. Her long dark hair was just above the curves of the twin cheeks of her ripe ass. I'd drooled over her hot body for months at school, where I was going to become an aircraft mechanic, and she was going to become a bookkeeper. 

Now I held her soft body close to me, reminding myself that a clean person is a happy person, so I soaped my wife all over, carefully rinsed her, and knelt to taste her. She slumped against the wall of the shower, the spray thrashing her lusciously
full breasts, streaming down in rivers between her legs, where my mouth feasted on her hot hair pie, our favorite way to start the day. I never stopped to think she might want to have something to eat as well, and by the time she had recovered her senses enough to tell me, I was dressed and off to work at the airport. Being a certified aircraft mechanic is good pay, and Suzy gave up the job she'd taken
that turned out to be nothing better than an opportunity for her boss to sexually harass her. He remembered her from the strip club where she'd worked her way through school. Thank goodness she didn't have to put up with that anymore.

We'd gone on for many years, didn't have children, with our quiet little suburban lives. We picked up hobbies. She did needlepoint, dog shows, and theater. I did fishing, camping, and bowling. Most of our friends were married too. It was surprising how quickly someone dropped out of your social circle when they got divorced. Most people saw them as a threat to their marriage. Most divorced people want someone with a life style like theirs, so married people need not apply, to a world where sexual partners change as often as women's fashions. It was very surprising that our bowling team consisted of four divorced guys and me, but we'd been friends a long time, and the habit was deep to go to the lanes every Wednesday night and see the guys. They felt deeply about each other, and we missed anyone who was out. I felt their pain when they talked about their divorces, how hard it was to find a good woman. I was glad I didn't have to look for one, any further than Suzy.

She was no virgin when I married her, but she was no catty slut, either. I found her to have a healthy and balanced sexual appetite. She had always renewed my men's magazines subscriptions for me, subscribed to her own erotic letters magazine, loved XXX rated videos, and shared her fantasies with me freely, as I did with her. Here in Oklahoma, I just didn't see them cumming true. Maybe if we lived in California, or even in Texas, but not here. I had so convinced myself that location, your State mattered, that I couldn't see the real truth: only your state of mind matters. Fortunately, I had married Suzy. She always reminded me of the things

I forgot, like my lunch box, and never minded showing me things, like how she really liked to be eaten out. She never made lunch for me, really, but never made

me feel small, but always tall. I loved her. Still do.

Ben, Jerry, Tom, and Dave filled out our bowling team. "Rick, we still gonna have that party at your house when we win the trophy?" Tom wanted to know.

"You bet we are! I'm buying a keg., and Suzy is gonna do a strip tease!" I always joked with the guys. The team ahead of us in the league had a pair of former pro bowlers. We had spent six seasons no closer than a thousand pins from their score. Like the sun comes up, we were destined for second place. Sometimes Suzy would be there to hear this, and joke right along with us. I'm not quite so cocky anymore. The team we always lost to had the company "down-size" it's office here, and overnight, their jobs vanished here, only to re-appear in another town. They moved, and we took over the throne. Ben started teasing me. "You gonna buy the keg? Suzy's still gonna dance for us?"

Suzy chimed in with "You know Rick's word is good, boys. Now I don't want to hear you question his word again, or you can kiss the lap dance of your lives goodbye right now! Do each and every one of you hear me, and understand me, clearly?"

"Yes, ma'am." they all said in unison, grinning from ear to ear.

"Good. Now get out there and show me that I've got a reason to do all those aerobics that keep my body in top shape for you." Suzy taunted.

That night at home, as we snuggled in bed, I said "Suzy, I could have handled those guys. You didn't have to do that. Now we're really in a pickle. Can you imagine what it will be like, in two weeks, when we win the trophy, and you have to be their stripper?"

"Did you ever think that I didn't have to, but I wanted to? Can you imagine what it will be like, in two weeks, when I start undressing for Ben, Jerry, Tom, Dave, and Rick? Can you imagine how hot their stares on my bare breasts are going to make me? Can you imagine how hot it will make me to show them my wet bush? Can you imagine how hot I will become from having five good looking men get hard as I rub myself all over their bodies in the lewdest, sexiest, lap dance of my entire life? Can you imagine what that level of attention is going to do to your wife's level of desire? Let me show you what I mean." Suzy started right then, without any foreplay, blowing me with a hunger I had never felt from her in our marriage bed. My fingers found her already wet, and I was beginning to like this idea of Suzy entertaining the bowling team very much. She was very persuasive.

The next two weeks, Suzy wore a sexy new outfit each day. She saved her best for Wednesdays. She wore a black sheer blouse, push up half cup bra, wraparound skirt and her best panty hose the first week. The second week, she wore her black leather jacket, black leather bra, spandex miniskirt so tight I was convinced I could count the hairs on her twat when she stood up, thigh high boots, with lace and garters showing.

Every night for the next two weeks it was the same. Suzy would start off telling me how much she wanted to thank me for making the promise that she would dance for them, how much it turned her on to know I still thought she was good looking enough to turn on other men, then she would get so hot she had to

suck me off, or if I was lucky, get to share a hot 69 with her. Then she would get me hard again, and screw my brains out while she told me all the wild and obscene things she was going to do. In the morning, I would eat her in the shower, grab my coffee (and when she reminded me, lunch box) and head off for work. I was beginning not to care what my wife did, and was figuring out excuses for her to do it again in the near future. I'd had more sex in the past two weeks than in the last six months, maybe even a year.

On the way home from work, I picked up the keg. When I got home, Suzy pulled me into the den, where our couches and chairs had all been pushed against one wall. Stacked against the fireplace were four mattresses. "I'm not letting anybody drive home drunk. I'll pull out blankets and tuck them in myself" Better not say THAT in front of Ben, Jerry, Dave or Tom I thought to myself. Suzy changed into a black leather bustier, lacy, no make that see-through black panties, dark hose, five inch heels, her leather jacket, and a black leather cap. 

"Aren't you hot?" I asked her, worried about how all that leather held the heat in.

"I sure am!" Pulling me to her, she pressed my hand into her seam, soaking her panties with her fluids just as the doorbell rang. 

"Aren't you going to put on a skirt or something?" I had to remind her.

"Oh, my skirt! I completely forgot. Nice of you to remember. I wouldn't want to show them everything all at once. There has to be a tease to it." she said wickedly.

Ben was at the door, back in his comfortable tee-shirt and jeans, his big, bald head barely clearing the doorjamb. Lord, he was tall! Built like a lumberjack, too. Dave had arrived on his heels, his swarthy dark complexion and Italian hot looks popular with the women. For some reason, he just couldn't keep a girlfriend a week. They slid right into the kitchen, and Suzy explained that their car keys had to be locked up, and that they could sleep over. Dave looked at me with a weird expression on his face, but I had to go answer the door again. Jerry was here. He was built like a plumber, he looked like a plumber, and he was... a florist. He brought a dozen red roses for Suzy, and she hopped up and down, then gave him sultry wet kiss that really rattled him. He quickly threw his wind breaker in the corner, as Suzy explained the rules for him. Tom was the last, but with his surfer blonde hair,

and leathery bronze skin, he looked like some of the pilots that I worked for, but his avocation was sailing. 

Tom brought a box of chocolates, and a bag of M&M's, which Suzy promptly threw in a glass bowl for everyone. The chocolates melted, so the chocolate got all over her fingers. Tom quickly licked her fingers clean, then whispered into her ear, which made her blush and then laugh. Everyone started in on the keg, and I didn't think we would make a dent in it, but it was only a pony keg. Suzy had turned music on in the den, and she was shaking and swaying to the beat as she talked, dancing from man to man in the kitchen like a butterfly visiting flowers.

Everybody was having a good time. Soon, everybody was feeling pretty loose, and they started touching Suzy, coping a quick feel, grabbing her ass, and she decided they had enough. "Hey, everybody! Fill up your beers! Into the den! The Ms. Suzy Cream Cheese show is on! Last one in has to sit on his hands!" Tom won that award, which after his licking my wife's fingers and playing grab ass, I was happy to see. Suzy dimmed the lights, put on her tape, and came out to the song "Gold Dust Woman" By the end of the song, she had lost the jacket, the bustier, and the skirt.

The guys were going wild, applauding and shouting. Next, she used "In My House", by the Mary Jane Girls. She became much more brazen, brushing her breasts across their faces, rubbing the globes of her ass in their laps, and having them (except for Tom) hold her hips while she slid a finger into her soaked panties to play with herself as she shook her sweet hot breasts in their face. Near the end, she peeled down her panties, bending over for all to see a good view of her wet pink gash, framed by her ass and slender legs. I thought that was It, but Suzy had other ideas. 

"Stairway to Heaven" came on, and she played with herself on the den floor like it was her stage. The guys were gulping their beer, trying to stay cool, and as the song built, she came lap dancing again, naked for all intents and purposes, almost kissing each man as she guided his hands to her breasts, her head flung back and to the side as she sat on their laps, facing away from them. I was rock hard before she ever touched me. As she ground her globes into me, she pulled back from our kiss and quietly whispered into my ear "If you want to go back on your promise now, I'll understand. I don't expect them to know the difference. But please honey, can I make my fantasy cum true? You said I could. I'll be even hotter for the next two weeks than I was the past two if you trust me that much. Please baby. Tell me I can." 

Somewhere deep in the haze, I remembered something Suzy had been saying to me every night in bed, about how when she got them too hot, she'd start in satisfying every single man who wanted her, "Was that OK with me? Yes. Did I want her? Yes. Was it OK for them to want her? Yes. Was it OK for her to take care of them, just like she'd taken care of me? Yes."

I remembered the words. I was torn between keeping my wife shut down, closed in, just like she'd been for months, no, it had been years, before my promise that led to tonight. In bed she'd promised me many things, I'd promised her many things. I'd never lied to her. I'd never broken a promise. She would have understood, but in her heart, she never would have forgiven me. "Yes, Suzy, you can satisfy every single man here who wants you." Her squeal of glee was interpreted as me tweaking her nipple, by the hoots, cat calls, and taunts of my friends in response. 

To Frankie Goes to Hollywood's "Relax", she made her way down the line again, making sure they were all hard again, but this time, she was actively stroking them, moving their hands to her muff to play with her, slip their fingers inside her and taste her. Her second round of "dancing" was much more direct. She simply unzipped their pants, fished out their hard cocks, and sucked them, for no more than five or ten seconds each, whispering for each man to get naked if he wanted more.

Ben and Jerry had the stocky builds with lots of body hair, and thick pricks with bulbous heads. Tom and Dave were sleeker, more elegant, with longer but thinner pricks. My cock was halfway in between. Suzy said softly to all of us "I'm going to take care of every man here that wants me. If any one of you has a problem with that, he can go sleep it off in the little bedroom and never set foot in this house again." 

Everybody looked at me, expecting me to walk out. "To my loving husband, who has given his permission to me to share myself with you, you all owe a debt of thanks. He is a true man of his word, and we are all richer for it. Now he gets to choose what he wants from me, mouth, cunt or ass. Whatever he doesn't fill is yours, first cum, first served. Toss down those mattresses, so we have somewhere to play." Handing me the jar of Vaseline, she said "I hope you'll do what you. want, not just what I would like." 

The idea of fucking my own wife in the ass had never occurred to be important to me. But I'd be go to hell if I'd give that up to someone else. So I greased my pole up, then greased her tight corn hole, and started sliding fingers into her. Then I slid in my hard cock, with some resistance until the head was fully inside her, and then it was like she'd done it all her life. Ben slid his cock into her mouth, and Jerry stuffed her twat full. I could feel him slide in and out of her. She rolled over when he came, so that she was lying on top of me, turning her head to the side to suck Tom. Ben plied her with his thick bone. She was stroking Jerry hard again with one hand, and Dave with the other. Seeing Tom's dark boner in between her lips, it finally hit my beer soaked head with its full impact. My wife was having group sex with five men. She was letting me cum up her bum, and when I did, if I went soft, she would most likely invite one of the others to fill her. I don't know why, but that turned me on even more than I was before, turning my cock into a bar of steel.

I could feel her really intense orgasms, often fired off when someone came inside her, as her pussy walls quaked in response. I was able to rotate my hips and move back and forth inside her freely, which seemed to trigger more quim quakes. I'd never done this before. I'd never known how hot she was inside her back door, how close the blood was to the surface, how soft and yielding the flesh inside her anus was, how good it felt to fuck her in the ass!

She had tried to get me to explore sexually when we were first married, then gave up in disgust at my narrow mind. As I thought about it, deep inside my wife's ass as four other men took turns fucking her and having her suck their cocks, I realized how lucky I was that she'd stayed with me this long. I couldn't imagine how I'd feel if she told me "We can only have sex on Thursday nights, and only in the missionary position." That's what I'd done to her. I'd bottled her up until she practically exploded. She wanted to give me all her love, and I'd just said no, over and over, until she couldn't take it anymore. Then one magical night, I had said yes to her hottest fantasy, making love to a whole group of guys at once, a gang bang, pulling train, call it whatever you will. It made her come alive again. 

I remembered how hot she was, and I was cumming inside her, as Dave was creaming in her snatch. I pulled out, and she rearranged her self into doggy style, the excuse being she had a crimp in her neck. She was telling me, in her own way, that some things are just for husband and wife. I went to clean off my cock with some nice soap and water, and came back to find Jerry between her legs, Dave getting his limp cock resurrected between her soft lips.

We went on for hours. Somebody had the bright idea to pour beer all over Suzy, and we licked some of it off, but people were much more interested in screwing her into the mattress and getting some of the heavenly head she could dish out. I'd never known my wife was such a sexual superstar, a real athlete. She was really tired when everyone else was done, but she sucked me hard one more time, and had me fill her jism filled snatch. The thought of all of that cum being from my best friends burned me alive, and feeling Suzy cum in non-stop shudders as I slowly stroked in and out of her said everything I needed to know about pleasuring my wife. She pulled me down for a kiss, and I could taste their cum in her mouth too. I was pumping insanely, my body trying to drive the foreign sperm from her with every fiber of my being. I came in her, mind and body shattered.

In the morning, Suzy had to suck each man off before she let him get his keys back. They all asked when we were going to do this again, and all I could say was "Soon." When Tom had finally left, and her naked body was alone with me once again, she kissed me, sharing the taste of their cum again, thanking me for the most intense sexual experience of her life. She promised me that her suggestions of threesomes with her former girlfriends would be carried out, or that she would find someone who looked just as hot as she did. 

"Good Luck. There's no woman out there as hot as my wife." This made Suzy cry. She tenderly kissed me again with the taste of their semen still lingering in her mouth. I was rock hard again, and she made love to me, slowly and tenderly, telling me she was a little sore still from last night, but that she treasured having me inside her so much she couldn't bear not to make love to me. She came, over and over again, not as fiercely as last night, but much more intensely than she usually did. After we came together, I held her, relishing the thought that while other men might come to visit her, love her for a time, and move on, I was the one she chose to be with. I was the one she chose to come home to every night. I was the one she chose to share her most personal sexual secrets with. I told her this, and she cried, kissing me fiercely, telling me how much she loved me, and promising to make all my dreams and fantasies cum true.

"I am curious though. We made them submit to a blow job to get their car keys back. Why?" I was puzzled by her insistence on this particular ritual.

"For weeks on end, you've been eating me out, and leaving me in the shower." Suzy teased as she stoked my softening cock.

"Yeah, So?" I didn't see how this piece of the puzzle fit.

"Right about the time you started doing that, everything turned around for us. I decided that I was going to be like you. I'm going to be a winner too. From now on I'm going to have a breakfast of champions." she stated firmly, like a child deciding they are going to ride the Tilt-a-Whirl regardless of what the sign at the ride says about how tall they have to be before they can ride it.
