 The Origin of Uncle

PART II

*****

She and I had met at a local casino and we were focused on blowing off some of our sexual steam...anonymously. We'd decided not to use our real names so we each chose a name for the other and, since I had over thirty years on her, she'd chosen 'Uncle' based on a friend of her dad's and I chose to call her 'Little One' to help play into her fantasy. I'd masturbated her to an orgasm in a corner booth in the bar of a casino and we'd attracted an audience...an observant waitress who'd made it clear, afterwards, she'd like to join us, later. But, first, I wanted to help Little One fulfill as many of her fantasies as possible. We'd barely made it to the hotel room without tearing each other's clothes off although Little One had pulled her dress over her head and stood in the hallway, naked, before entering the room.

By the time I'd shut the door and turned around, Little One was already on the bed with her legs splayed open, ready, wet and inviting, but I wanted to play with her mind as much as I wanted to play with her small, but supple, body. I allowed a stern look to form on my face until I saw panic look start to form on her's.

"Uncle? Did I do something wrong?" her voice was unsure.

"I don't remember telling you to get on the bed."

She looked at me with slight disbelief, but I remained silent. Little One closed her legs, rolled away from me to the far side of the bed, stood and tried to cover herself, unsure of what was happening. I changed my stern look to one of trustworthiness and gently beckoned her towards me until she was standing less than a foot away from me, just as I wanted.

"Good," I said.

As I stepped around her, I gave Little One's ass a firm slap and she cried out, but kept her composure.

"Don't move from that spot unless I tell you to. Understand?"

"Yes, Uncle."

"You can put your hands to your side, eyes forward and relax," I instructed and she did as she was told.

I found the TV remote, turned the set on, found the music channels and selected light jazz. Little One appeared to be more than confused and in need of reassurance so I gently placed my finger on her lower back and slowly ran it down between her cheeks until I could caress her perineum and witnessed a nice little shudder of pleasure from her. I noticed her eyes were closed so, using my other hand, I reached around her and gently rubbed her nipples, one at a time. She slightly arched her back to push her breasts forward so I took a tight hold of a nipple and pulled it until I saw a light wince of pain on her face, at which point I merely stopped pulling, but held her stretched nipple in place.

She had produced an abundance of lubrication that coated my other hand as I used it to stroke between her legs. Stretching her nipple definitely had her attention, but her eyes opened wide and then slowly fluttered closed when I gently, but firmly, inserted a finger into her pussy and ass at the same time, all of the way to the second knuckles.

"Oh, god!" she slowly whimpered.

"Uncle, I've always wanted you to do this to me!"

Do what?" I asked.

"What you're doing to me!"

"What am I doing to you? Say it," I persisted.

She grunted as she rotated her hips on my fingers, working them inside of her and trying to increase her pleasure, but failed to answer my question. I pulled my fingers from her which elicited a vocal sigh of disapproval.

"Uncle?"

I pulled harder on her nipple and Little One moaned, again, half with pain and the other half a new pleasure.

"You didn't answer my question. What was I doing to you that you'd always wanted me to do? Say the words, Little One."

I pinched her nipple harder and her eyes closed as her mouth silently opened wide.

"Please!"

"Please, what?"

Another nipple pinch.

"Please put your fingers back!"

I pinched and pulled the other nipple and realized how much I enjoyed the sound of her voice when she moaned. It was a nice, throaty sound that spoke volumes of an underlying passion which was waiting to be released.

"Uncle!" she managed before she had to lick and remoisten her lips.

"Please, put your fingers back in my pussy and...ass! Please!"

Little One was caught off guard when I complied with her request quicker than she'd anticipated because I had both fingers reinserted into both holes, as far as I could, before she'd finished saying the last 'please'.

"Oh, god! Oh, shit!" she growled.

She ground her hips on my hand as she tried to build another orgasm. I let her work herself into further heights of passion, but as I sensed she was about to come, I withdrew my hand completely. Little One cried out in frustration as she stomped her foot and glared at me.

"Did I say you could look away? Did I say you could move from your spot?"

I moved behind her.

"Are you saying no?"

All of a sudden, she realized what it implied and resumed her position with her hands at her side. I looked down at her hands and she was fidgeting with her fingers, clearly frustrated at being so close, but still missing her target. Her inner thighs were clearly wet with her juices and I happily thought she was well on her way.

I retrieved a towel from the bathroom, covered the table behind her with it and placed my bag of new toys on it. I carefully removed each toy from its packaging and neatly laid them on the towel-covered table, then I removed the panties from the table and was inspired with a thought.

I retrieved the smaller of the two butt plugs and carefully studied it. I started to reach for a tube of lube, but remembered she was already naturally sloppy wet and figured applying more lube might give away my surprise. I sat firmly on the corner of the bed and reached out to run my hand over her ass, one smooth cheek and then the other, up to her hip, to her waist, to her rib cage and to the underside of one of her tits and gently cupped them.

"Lay across my lap," I instructed.

Little One turned and gently laid over my lap, her sweet ass perfectly in position for me to drive her wild. I used my left hand to stroke her back and shoulders as I started to gently caress her butt cheeks with my right hand and alternated from one to the other until I raised my hand and brought it down with a solid smack. The result was the yelp I'd expected and my left hand kept her from rising up, but as soon as my right hand made contact, I began softly rubbing and caressing her ass, again, which produced a sexy little wiggle of her ass and a giggle. I continued caressing and then delivered a smack to her other cheek, alternating back and forth from one cheek to the other, from softly caressing to firm smacks. She never knew which would be coming, but was delighted with the contrast and giggled more as her ass began turning bright red.

I reached for the butt plug I'd selected and, without any warning or preparation, I pushed it into her supple rose bud until it settled into place and gently patted it as I heard a new sound from her. I placed my fingers on the crystal protruding from her ass, gently tapped it and applied pressure to move it around inside of her. From deep inside of her throat, I heard her emit a low growl as I stimulated her asshole and she rotated her hips to intensify her sensations. Using my thumb, I kept pressure on the plug as I stroked her pussy with my other fingers and her low growl became more overpowering as her hips pushed up onto my fingers and her new anal toy.

"Oh, jeez, Uncle! I'm going to cum, again! You're going to make me cum, again!"

"Yes, Little One. I want you to cum for me. Cum for your Uncle!"

I continued with my manipulations to her pussy and ass as I pressed harder into her in response to her arching ass.

"Oh, god! Here it comes! Oh, jeez, I'm going to cum, again! I'm cumming, Uncle! I'm cumming! Oh, god!"

Little One tensed and thrust her ass (hard) into my hand as the first wave of her orgasm hit her and her head rose as her mouth opened with a silent scream of passion and her toes curled into little fists. She didn't move for almost a minute and I thought she might've, somehow, locked up until her low growl returned and I saw her ass shivering as her orgasm continued to possess her. Her labored breathing began to subside and the physical tremors settled down until she went limp. Her perspiration matted her hair to her forehead as it hung across her face in a sexually wanton and disheveled way.

"That was exactly what I needed, Uncle! It was incredible! No one has touched my ass before and no one has ever made me cum like that, either. I never knew that kind of pleasure was possible!"

I gently scooped her up from my lap, stood and placed her, on her stomach, on the bed. She was too exhausted to complain or care so I began to remove my clothes in preparation to join her and to enter every orifice Little One had. I knew she'd accept me anywhere and she'd achieve new sexual heights today...and more if she wanted to stay longer.

Once naked, I sat next to Little One, stroked her back down to her ass, gave the butt plug a little nudge and a tap and was rewarded with a vocal cross between a giggle and a lustful moan. I leaned over, placed my tongue above the plug in her ass crack and very slowly licked all of the way up her spine and to her neck where I placed several kisses, love bites, licks and possibly one hickey. All of a sudden, Little One flipped over so we were face to face and she had lust in her eyes. She maintained eye contact with me as she reached out and grasped my erect penis. I noticed her eyes widen slightly as her fingers wrapped around my cock and I moaned approval as she gently began to stroke me.

"I'm thinking this will fill me up more than those boys did!"

"How many boys have there been, Little One?"

She paused a moment, not sure about how honest to be.

"I asked you a question, young lady! I'll be able to tell if you're honest or not so you have nothing to gain by deceit so let the truth set you free."

To drive my point home, I reached out, pinched a nipple and pulled it, again, as she arched her chest in joyous discomfort.

"Okay, okay!" she panted as I released my grip on her nipple, followed by a gentle stroke.

"Four...only four," she answered with a disappointed tone.

She apparently hadn't had very much experience so our time together was going to be a real eye opener for her.

"Little One, are you absolutely sure you want to proceed?"

"Yes, Uncle. I'm sure. I like giving blow jobs and I like getting fucked and you have this...thing in my ass and I like it, too! What more could there be?"

I smiled at her as she continued to stroke my cock.

"That's so cute. Yes, all of your holes are very accommodating, but that isn't all there is!"

Her eyes got big as she looked directly at me. Her hand was still grasping my erect member, but no longer moving so I assured her.

"It's all still safe, sane and consensual."

The stroking resumed and she, again, closed her eyes and took a relaxing breath. I closed my eyes to enjoy her firm hand on my cock as she rolled onto her side to administer kisses which quickly escalated into one long kiss with lips and tongues fully engaged. She pushed me a little and I rolled onto my back as her hand and my hard dick and our lips maintained contact. I wrapped one arm around her, while the other hand sought out one of her tits, to fondle and pinch, as I continued to passionately kiss her as our tongues fought for space in each other's mouths.

Her mouth left mine as she began to move down, kissing my neck, chest and stomach, until her mouth reached my cock and it quickly slipped into her mouth as she worked her hand and lips up and down my throbbing member. She didn't slurp loudly, but did leave a fine sheen of saliva coating my entire phallus. She settled down between my legs, took a mouthful of my cock, looked directly at me and gave me her full oral attention. Her fingers wrapped around my hardness as she slowly pumped her fist and she slid her mouth up and down until she had my entire cock inside of her mouth and entering her throat. She raised her mouth from my cock, slightly gasping for breath, as a line of saliva connected her lower lip to the tip of my cock where a little precum had puddled. Once the line of saliva was noticed, it became part of a very sensual smile as she continued to stroke me as she produced more saliva and let it slowly drip onto my dick as she worked it with her hand.

Little One worked my cock with her sensuous mouth and delicate fingers for several more minutes, bringing me to the brink of an orgasm, before she suddenly stopped her assault on my hard dick, forcing me to hold off, again! I was ached for release and was about to assert my dominance and show a little force when she crawled onto me until we were bare flesh against bare flesh, face to face.

"Uncle, I'm about to impale myself onto your cock and I know I'll enjoy it very much, but there's something I want to tell you before we start."

"Okay. Go ahead."

"I'm on birth control so when the moment happens, I want you to cum inside of me. I love the feeling of a throbbing cock inside of me when it's cumming and I think you're going to give me a good sized load!"

I hesitated for a moment before I answered because she'd concerned me.

"My prescription is in my purse. I can show you if you want."

"I trust you...for now so you can show me later."

Little One seemed pleased enough with my answer.

"I want to feel you cumming inside of me, Uncle."

Without waiting for any further response, she slid down my body only enough so the tip of my cock gently pressed at the opening of her pussy, where she hovered a moment, before sinking completely down onto me.

"Oh, shit! Uncle! Oh, god! You're filling me up! Completely!" Little One cried out as she ground her pelvis onto mine.

"I'm there, again, Uncle! Oh, shit! I'm cumming!"

My hard cock was entirely inside of her when I felt something metallic, and a little cool, on my thigh...it was the butt plug, still inside of her ass! Little One was, technically, DP'd at that point and it wasn't part of my plan. I sat up enough to press into her torso, her legs were stretched out behind me and the two of us were chest to chest before I reached around her with one arm, found the plug and started moving it around inside of her ass as my cock filled her pussy.

Her low, sexual, guttural growl came back in force as I invaded both of her holes and filled her mouth with my tongue. She moaned into our kiss, with her arms tightly around me, and her legs were as far apart as she could get them as she rolled her hips and allowed all of my cock to be inside of her to the fullest.

"Oh, god, Uncle! Here I go, again! Keep fucking me and make me cum, again, Uncle! Don't stop!"

She started grunting, again, as she pressed her pelvis, as hard as she could, against mine. Our mouths were all over each other as we held on to each other, continued grinding into each other and drove each other sexually mad. I felt familiar stirrings in my balls and knew my finish was on the horizon.

I pushed Little One onto her back as I climbed on top of her and continued to thrust my swollen cock onto her tight channel. I leaned back on my heels as I slid in and out of her and watched the expressions of passion on her face. Her chest was flush red with pleasure and her nipples were fully erect so I reached out and pinched and pulled each nipple, again. Little One cried out and thrust her pelvis hard against me, again.

"I'm almost there, Little One! I'm going to cum in a minute!"

"Cum inside of me, Uncle! Fill me up! I want to feel you unload inside of me!"

My thrusts started to become more frantic until I was pounding Little One for all I was worth, which caused her to scream out, again.

"Fill me, Uncle!"

After a few more strokes, I knew I was there and started thrusting until my seed began spurting out of the tip of my cock and deep into her pussy as I kept my cock buried deep inside.

"Oh, god, Uncle! I can feel your cock throbbing inside of me! I'm going to cum, again, Uncle! I can feel your warm cum inside of me! Please, don't stop!"

I wasn't really doing anything other than keeping my hard cock buried inside of her pussy until I finished giving Little One all of the cum I could. Slowly, my throbbing cock subsided and it began to withdraw from inside of her so I fell back onto the bed as she leaned back with her legs apart and a load of cum leaked out of her. I reached up and collected a dollop of semen on my finger, raised it to her mouth and she sensuously licked it off and swallowed as I laid back, again, and continued to enjoy watching her post coitus (body covered in a fine sheen of sweat, chest flushed with pleasure, nipples erect and semen leaking from between her legs). All in all...a luscious sight!

After a moment, Little One moved around and laid next to me, threw a leg over me and snuggled up against my sweaty body as I reached down and played with the butt plug, still in her ass, for a while.

"How did you like that, Little One?" I asked, although I thought I already knew the answer.

"It was more than I thought possible, Uncle! I didn't know it could be like that. I never would've thought of some of those things and I didn't think I could cum that hard. Those other boys had no idea what they were doing. I think you've spoiled me!"

She reached down, grabbed my semi erect cock and gave it a playful squeeze.

"Thank you, Uncle."

She raised her head, gave me a nice kiss with a little tongue and placed her head on my chest.

"Uncle, when do we have to leave here?"

I thought about my schedule, which was actually completely open.

"Well, my schedule is open for the next week or so. What about you?"

She continued to gently caress my cock, slowly bringing it back to life.

"After I make a call, I'll be available for the next several days, as well. May I stay here with you? We can continue with the same rules, although I don't think I'll being saying no any time soon."

"That's my good Little One. Are you hungry?" I replied as I kissed the top of her head.

She replied by squeezing my cock, again.