 Author's Note: This is part of our ongoing adventures. It references events and characters from our previously published stories. You can read it alone, but we would love for you to check out our other work. Enjoy!

*****

It has been an eventful summer. Mandy and I both had internships, and we both had stayed on campus. Mandy still lived with Jessica in her sorority house, and I was still living with John in the fraternity house.

That was all about to change though. Mandy was moving into an on campus apartment. John, Mike, a third fraternity brother Greg, and I had rented a house together and were getting ready to move in. Of the four of us John was the only one who was single. I had successfully gotten him laid on Spring Break, and he had also hooked up near the end of the spring semester with Nicole. Unfortunately Nicole had dumped him, partly because she thought he had a complex about the fact that I had slept with her first, but more so that she didn't think he was over Laura.

I didn't disagree with Nicole's assessment about Laura, but I found the other notion ridiculous. John had become very open-minded about sex, and had been in another threesome with Mandy and me over the summer. We had also had two more threesomes with Chelsea. I tried to talk her into a foursome with John and us, but she wasn't interested in him.

Near the end of the summer, John had started talking to Laura again. He hadn't seen her yet, because she was doing an internship out of town, but they talked on the phone all the time.

"Have you told her about the threesomes?" I asked him.

"No, but I told her that I had slept with three women while we have been broken up."

"You know, if she believes that rule in American Pie 2 that means she thinks you only slept with one girl, or maybe none."

"She didn't like American Pie, and she never saw the second one."

"Well that right there is reason enough not to get back together with her."

That made him laugh. "Seriously though, she was ok with that, but I don't want her knowing I had a threesome with you and Mandy."

"Fine," I said. "It's not like we are running around offering that information out anyway." I thought about Laura being fine with John sleeping with three women. She had definitely been the jealous type when they dated.

"How many guys has Laura been with?" I asked.

John kind of looked down and he mumbled, "A few, it's not really that big of a deal."

"Well, it's been six months, is it more than six?"

He nodded yes.

"Dude, come on. If you are embarrassed to say it then it's bothering you."

"It's 13, ok? Happy?"

"Damn, according to the rule of three from American Pie that really means she has been with 39 guys. And it doesn't matter if I am happy, are you?"

"Screw the rule of three, it's 13. And I haven't decided yet. I mean, she went a bit wild, but I have done some wild stuff too. She hasn't done any group stuff like I have. Plus she says she's learned a lot, and will let me do kinky stuff she wouldn't have tried back when we were dating. And of those 13, eight are from this summer, so I won't see them on campus ever."

"That means five guys are on campus. I'm not judging but if it bothers you then you need to know that." I decided to pivot to a more entertaining part of the topic. "What kind of kinky stuff is she going to let you do?"

"I don't know everything she means by it, but she said she'll let me tie her up, use toys on her, give her facials, and that she'll try anal."

"Does that mean she has already done anal?"

John paused. "I didn't even think about that. It probably does doesn't it?"

I just shrugged. I was pretty sure it did, but I wasn't going to tell him that without knowing it for a fact.

"Well, whatever she hasn't done a threesome yet and I have. And we totally should do it one more time, especially now with Mandy's new look."

That was another of the events of the summer. Mandy had been growing her hair out and it fell down past the tattoo between her shoulders. Then the day before this conversation, as soon as Mandy finished her internship, she dyed her hair blue. It looked awesome. She had gone with an icy, pastel blue, but included a few streaks of darker blue hair. It was incredibly sexy.

"If you already feel you can't tell Laura about having a threesome, you don't get to have another while you are considering getting back with her."

"Damn," he said. "Well, I guess that sort of makes sense."

"Yep, so you better make sure, keep in mind what you are giving up," I said jokingly.

"Dude, seriously, those threesomes with Mandy are the best sex I have ever had. It's crazy."

"She's better one on one, not in a threesome," I said smiling.

"Now you are just teasing me man..." then he added, "If I get back with Laura, and she is down, maybe we can trade one night." He nudged me with his elbow, and I could tell from his expression he was joking. He knew that neither Mandy nor I would agree to that deal.

"I think you would have had a lot more luck getting Nicole to try that."

"Oh...damn. I didn't even think about it when we were hooking up" John seemed genuinely disappointed that the idea had never occurred to him.

At that point I honestly didn't understand why John liked Laura so much. She had been kind of a bitch when they dated. She was boring, never wanted to do anything, and never would let John do anything either. She wasn't unattractive, but she wasn't particularly attractive either. She had braces, dirty blonde hair, a plain face, and a thin body with a small chest (and John was definitely a "boob guy"). She was cute, but nothing about her really stood out physically. Also John had told me that of the four women he had slept with, she was the worst in bed. Mandy was his favorite, followed by Nicole.

A few weeks later I would change my mind about Laura. Since I had least seen her she had gotten her braces off and bought a pair of new D cups. Much more importantly, her summer of sex had caused her to relax, she was suddenly fun to hang out with, and she treated John much better than before. John said that her newfound sexual experience had made her much better in bed. He claimed she was slightly better than Nicole, but still not as good as Mandy. As I have never slept with her, I have to take his word on it. Fast forward to today, they are married with kids. She still doesn't know about the threesome, but they're happy with each other. 

I left my conversation with John to go meet up with Mandy. We were planning on sneaking into her sorority house to have sex.

Now at this point I should tell you a few things about sororities, in case you don't know or in case they were different on your campus. There were no guys allowed in the bedroom areas of a sorority house, except on move-in and move-out days. They were really strict on this rule. Also, while sororities and fraternities were fairly comparable in size at our school, sorority houses were way smaller than fraternity houses and not nearly as many girls could live in them. While fraternity houses on our campus all had at least 20 bedrooms, a sorority house may have about 10.

That meant there was almost no one at the sorority house for the summer. Of the dozen or so girls who started the summer there, over half took short semester classes only. There were only 4 girls still there, and the other three were all gone this weekend for a wedding. The girl getting married was older, and had graduated before Mandy started school, so she had the house to herself for the weekend.

Still, I had to be careful sneaking into the house. A neighbor could see and still get Mandy in trouble. Mandy let me in the back door, and made me double check that no one saw me. My sexy blue haired angel was wearing a yellow sundress. She didn't have a bra on, and her nipples were visibly poking against the fabric. I pulled her to me and gave her a deep kiss.

"I love you so much baby," I told her.

She kissed me again and said, "I love you too."

That was the other big event of the summer. The biggest to us. I had told Mandy I loved her, and she told me that she loved me too. I had never said that to a girlfriend before, it was a first for both of us. At 19 years old this was a big deal to us. Now we said it all the time.

Mandy grabbed my hand and led me up the stairs to her room. We came to a hall with six doors down it. I had no idea which one was hers, having never been up here. Mandy led me to the middle one on the right and opened the door.

I followed her in the room and closed the door behind us. Then I nearly had a heart attack.

"Hah! I caught you!"

Jessica, who wasn't even taking classes that summer, jumped out from behind the door. What made it even more startling was what she was wearing. She had on a black corset, a strap-on, and nothing else.

"You know guys aren't allowed up here! Now you have to go to Standards!" She shouted, in a very overly dramatic way.

Standards was the board of sisters that decided punishment for the girls when they broke a rule.

"Oh no!" Mandy said, in the way you expect someone in a high school Shakespeare play to speak. Then she put her arm up with her wrist on her forehead, "I can't go to Standards!"

"Well I will keep your secret then, but you have to submit to my punishment. Now bend over and accept it!"

I was really confused. Mandy bent over and put her hands on the bed. Jessica pulled Mandy's skirt up revealing she didn't have any panties on. I watched as the redhead moved behind her and shoved the strap-on into her pussy. Mandy grunted and her eyes went wide out as she took the long purple toy into her pussy. I think she expected Jessica to begin a bit more gently.

Jessica suddenly pointed at me. "Put your cock in your girlfriend's mouth, if you want to keep her out of trouble."

"Please Chris," Mandy pleaded, in the same overly dramatic voice she had used earlier. "I just can't go to Standards."

I was more than happy to oblige, and I decided to go along with the game as well.

"I'll do it," I said, taking a similar overacting tone, "but only because I love you."

"Aww," Jessica said, suddenly dropping character. "You two are saying 'I love you now'? That's so sweet!"

Jessica pulled the toy out of Mandy and walked over and gave me a hug. The wet dildo poked me in my thigh as she hugged me.

Then Jessica jumped back, suddenly back in character. She scrunched her face into a dramatic scowl, and leaned away with her arm out and her index finger pointing at me. "But your girlfriend will not escape my punishment! Justice must be served, and she must be fucked!" 

Jessica moved back behind my bent over girlfriend and entered her with the strap-on again. Even if I hadn't known that they had done this before I would be able to tell that Jessica was experienced using a strap-on. Mandy was biting her lip, obviously enjoying herself while looking at me, waiting for me to join in. I watched them while I took off my shirt followed by my shorts and boxers.

"Ooh, that's a big dick. Feed it to your girlfriend or she goes to standards!"

"Oh please give it to me Chris. I just can't get into trouble with the sorority!"

Despite the horrible acting skills of the two women I got on my knees on the bed and gave Mandy my cock. This was my first time seeing her blue hair on her head as it bobbed up and down on my cock. She had only died it about 24 hours earlier, and I had been so turned on by it the past night that we skipped the blowjob and went straight into sex.

I ran my fingers through her blue hair while she expertly worked my cock. When we had our threesomes with John I had really enjoyed having her blow me while she was being fucked. It's so sexy having her moan from getting fucked while I'm in her mouth. Having her blow me while being fucked by a strap-on was just as fun. Getting to see Jessica in a corset behind her instead of a guy made it even sexier.

I wanted to tell Jessica to take off the corset, but I didn't want to risk messing things up by breaking the rules of their game. I wasn't sure how far they wanted the roleplay to go, or how long they wanted to keep it up. Pretty soon Jessica said something that made Mandy break character again, and I saw my opening to move things further.

"Oh yeah, take it like a slutty little smurf."

Mandy pushed me back before she started laughing. "Did you just call me a smurf?"

"Uh, yeah, because of the blue hair..." Jessica said.

"Smurfs are blue, the have white hair, except smurfette whose blonde," Mandy said. "That's racially insensitive to smurfs," she added joking.

"Yes it is!" I exclaimed. "And for your misunderstanding of Smurfs, you should be punished."

Mandy's face lit up. "Yes you should!" Then she turned to me, "How should she be punished."

Jessica gave me a devious look. She licked her upper lip flashing her tongue ring, then bit her lower lip. That gave me a good idea how far I could take it.

"For your punishment, you need to put that pierced tongue to use and suck my cock." I took on the same overly dramatic tone that they were using.

Jessica beckoned me over with a finger. I stood on the bed facing her with one leg on each side of Mandy. I had to bend over a bit not to hit my head on the ceiling. Jessica continued fucking Mandy with the strap-on and kept one hand on Mandy's back. Her other hand reached up and grabbed my cock. She pulled it to her and ran her tongue, and her tongue piercing, all the way up and down my shaft.

Jessica was good. Not as good as Mandy, but she was still giving me a great blowjob. She moaned as she kissed the tip of my dick, then spread her lips slowly taking me into her mouth. See couldn't deepthroat like Mandy, but she swallowed a good five inches. I was loving hearing the sucking and slurping sounds she was making mixed with the moans from the two women.

"It sounds like she is enjoying her punishment too much," Mandy said. "I think you need that cock crammed in your pussy."

Mandy's was still standing on the floor and had been bent over the bed. Jessica pulled the toy out of her and Mandy slipped off her dress and it fell down around her feet on the floor. Now naked, Mandy crawled up on the bed and got on all fours. I could see her pussy was incredibly wet having just been fucked by the large, purple toy. Jessica crawled up behind her and slid the strap-on back into my girlfriend.

Now that I was behind Jessica I could see the strap-on was designed to give clear access to the wearer's pussy and ass, at least from behind. There was a strap around her waist like a belt, and two more around her thighs. Jessica had put her feet flat on the bed and was squatting down to fuck Mandy doggystyle. This position left her sex spread open and inviting.

"Do you have a condom?" I asked.

"You don't need one," Jessica said.

"Jessica's on the pill, and she's been on a dry spell all summer," Mandy added.

Jessica decided Mandy should be punished for referring to her lack of recent sex as a "dry spell." She pulled the purple cock she was wearing almost entirely out of Mandy, then shoved it back in hard.

Mandy squealed out, "Oh fuck!" and Jessica slapped her on her ass.

I could see Jessica was wet too. I moved behind her and rubbed my hand over her exposed ass cheeks. When she felt my cock rub against the lips of her pussy she paused from fucking Mandy. Her face was turned towards me a bit and I could see her eyes were closed. Her lips parted and she let out a small breath as she took in my cock for the first time.

Her pussy was tight, although not as tight as Mandy's. Jessica is apparently a bit of a size queen, and being on a "dry spell" meant that for the last three months she had regularly been fucking herself with a nine inch long, and very thick dildo. Still she felt amazing.

The corset was fastened by about two dozen bra-like clasps on the back. I undid them as I was behind her, making quicker work of it than I expected. When I finished taking it off of her I reached both hands around her and squeezed her breasts. Mandy had already told me that she wore the same bra size as Jessica, but their breasts were different. Jessica's were softer, and while still lovely they weren't quite as perky. Her nipples were hard and pressed against my palms as I massaged her chest.

Mandy was moaning as Jessica fucked her with a fake cock, and Jessica was moaning as she got filled up with a real one. I noticed Jessica's thighs trembling a bit, and it didn't seem like she was that close to cumming.

"Are you comfortable?" I whispered into her ear.

"Oh fuck no," she replied letting out a deep breath.

I laughed a bit as I pulled out of her. My cock was covered in her juices. She put her knees on the bed, still keeping the strap-on inside of Mandy.

"Ok, this feels way better," she said as she started thrusting into Mandy again.

I slid my cock back into Jessica. "It does feel better," I moaned. I couldn't push myself as deep into her in this position, but she also felt tighter in it. With her legs pressed together now her pussy was gripping my shaft, squeezing it as I fucked her. 

I leaned forward and nibbled gently on her ear. She turned her face and for the first time my lips met hers. The first two women we had threesomes with were people I had already been with, but who Mandy was experiencing for the first time. Now I was in that role. Jessica and Mandy had slept together numerous times before we met. As I tasted Jessica's lips I couldn't help but imagine how many times Mandy had tasted those lips. As her tongue met mine, I thought about how often that tongue had been on my girlfriend's clit. As I pumped into Jessica's pussy I imagined all the toys and fingers Mandy had put into it before.

I already knew Mandy was bisexual had fully explored her attraction to women. Including our threesome with John, Mandy had been with four guys, but including out threesome with Chelsea, she had been with five women. She didn't count Nicole, since they didn't really play together when we had our threesome.

Now that I was here, involved in a sexual situation with one of the four women Mandy had been with before she met me, it became much more real. That also made it much sexier. Thinking about it was getting me really turned on, and without realizing it I had started fucking Jessica harder. She in turn was fucking Mandy harder too.

Pretty soon we had all collapsed on the bed Mandy was on her stomach laying prone while Jessica was laying on top of her, and I was laying on top of both of them. With both of us on Mandy, I was focusing on keeping myself propped up so that she wasn't being smothered under both of our weight.

Jessica however was completely lost in what she was doing. She was thrusting hard into my girlfriend, which naturally caused her to arch back on my cock, taking it into her pussy. Her head was leaning down so that she and Mandy would kiss each other in between grunts and moans. Jessica's natural red hair was a sharp contrast with Mandy's completely unnatural blue hair.

I heard Mandy squeak on the bottom of the pile, "I'm going to cum." and Jessica moaned back that she was too. I kept pumping into Jessica until it started.

Jessica was first. She started saying, "Oh god, oh god, oh god, oh god," over and over in a high pitch squeaky voice.

Mandy tried to talk dirty to her, which in turn set her off. "Oh yeah, cum on my boyfriend's co- ah! Ah! Fuck! I'm cumming!"

Since I had been using a fair bit of energy to prop myself up, I wasn't that close yet. I pulled out of Jessica and she pulled out of Mandy. The purple dildo strapped to her was glistening after having had Mandy cum on it.

"Did you cum Chris?" Mandy asked me.

"Not yet. Was a bit hard to get off while trying to focus on not crushing you."
