 Dragging in from a long day...school shopping, student orientations, dog walking, and the list goes on and on. I forget to undress as I fall into bed. Exhaustion consumes me, and my body tingles as sleep overtakes me.

I moan as I realize I've been plunged into dreamland; although I really can't see anything – only feel. Hands, lots of hands seem to be touching and caressing me – and somehow I've been undressed, as these roving hands tickle my bare flesh. I try to move, but find I am bound – shackled to be specific and in an odd position. Up on my knees, with my arms spread out, back arched, and my face against a cool wooden floor of some sort. Yet even in this constriction, all parts of my body were being accessed.

My breasts were on fire. Two different individuals were kneading and twisting and pinching at them. The burning pain was more pleasurable than anything I had ever felt. My moans were unavoidable. I couldn't contain the soft noises escaping from my clasped mouth. Then the hot wetness of lips and tongue toyed with my nipples making me wiggle with pleasure.

All of this was interrupted with a sharp sting from behind as something hard and rigid made contact with my ass. It wasn't a hand, more like a plastic paddle. I screamed out and the paddle came down on me again, and again. I arched my back even more. My movements were making it difficult for the two on my breasts to do their work, so they improvised. 

A sharp pinch clasped at my nipples and I realized that some device now bit at them terribly. It seemed as if whatever was attached to them was being tugged at. And then another resounding 'whack' came down from behind. Again I screamed out as my bottom was so hot from the smacks.

"Oh, how helpless I am," I thought. But what an amazing dream. I so didn't want it to end. I willed my mind to continue, and the blows proceeded. One after the other until I thought I could not take it any more – I shrieked. 

All of a sudden, everything stopped. No more spankings, no more roving hands. The only thing that remained was the yanking of my nipples and the burning of my raw flesh. It seemed like forever that I remained bound and unable to move or attend to anything. Then gently, the blindfold was removed. All around me were strategically placed mirrors. I could see some of the room, but all of myself – at least on the platform. My backside was scarlet and I felt my sex begin to swell and moisten.

Standing behind me was my husband, tall and proud. I began to tingle all over again. Is this really a dream? It seems so real. 

I noticed that there were shiny clamps on my nipples. The clamps were linked together with a chain and a weight was pulling the chain downward. This was causing the tugging and sensations on my breasts. I so wanted someone to touch me again. But nothing. It seemed the only person in the room was my husband, and he stood there – staring and me – devouring me with his eyes. My naked body strained for more. My ankles were spread apart and shackled to the feet of a platform. I was on my knees, yet spread eagle, arms out to the side and pulled away from my body. My hands were coupled to posts on either side of the platform – but the center of this flooring did not exist – cut out. That's when I realized, the others were beneath me. That's where the hands came from. I could not see them. My cheek was pressed to the cold wooden flooring of the platform and my position was so awkward that I couldn't lift my head up from the floor.

The chain was being pulled and my nipples stretched. The tension was so pleasurable. Then again, my husband cracked the paddle across my ass. I was throbbing with each smack. Oh, how I wanted his shaft to fill me to the rim. I was sweltering and drippy; with each tug of the chain and smack of the paddle, the wetter I got.

Then the paddling stopped and I felt a cooling across the tender spots. Icy and soothing oil ran through my husband's fingers and onto my skin. It felt amazing! His fingers touched not only the soft reddened flesh of my behind, but he also slid his thick fingers across the lips of my sex sending surges of ecstasy all through me. His fingers would peek inside me and then pull out to continue rubbing the oil all over. My moans were getting louder, increasing with the intensifying heat between my legs. Longing so desperately for him to finish me, yet wanting this to never end.

Underneath me the mysterious hands found their way down to meet with my husband. The one who held the chain never let it go, but continue to jerk at it keeping constant tension on the nipples. I began to squirm, not knowing what was next. I felt something rigid and metallic against my sex, moving up and down my slit. My juices were heavy by now, oozing from between my thighs, begging for more. This metal object slowly entered me. It was so thick, I couldn't stay still and I bucked a little toward it. The gentle hands maneuvering this cold metal did so slowly as the broadness spread my lips far apart. I couldn't contain my sounds any longer and I cried out, "Oh, yes! Harder! Deeper!"

My husband whispered, "Shhh, wait." I melted, giving into this pleasure that engulfed my entire being. As the toy was plunged deeper and deeper, the fat tool filled me completely lifting me off my knees and onto my toes. Oh, and the feel of my chained nipples only enhanced the awareness.

"Am I dreaming?" I stammered through my sobs. "Am I?" I think I spoke this out loud. If this was a dream, the sensations were so very real and I didn't want them to stop. I closed my eyes tight in an attempt to not wake up. A hand made its way up my buttocks and oiled my anus. Ever so gently a finger pushed aside the walls and entered in, just at the beginning of the opening. Gently and slowly going in and out – just at the entrance. All the while the toy is still at work. I'm insane with passion and so close to cumming. 

"Ooooo, I'm gonna cum, baby!" Just as the words left my lips, everything stopped. "Oh, No! Please don't stop! Don't stop! I'm so close!"

But nothing happened. The heat was rising in me – my entire body felt engulfed in flames. Tied down with no way to rebel, I was overwhelmed with the loss of control. "Please please please please..." I continued pleading. "Baby, please!"

The blindfold was being placed back over my eyes. What now?? Once I returned to the darkness I heard the restraints unlock and my aching body was lifted up and repositioned. I was maneuvered to what I believe was a bed – the softness cushioned my tender behind as I sat on the edge. "Scoot back some," a deep male voice commanded. Once obeyed, my legs were then separated, and again, my ankles were chained to what I can only guess were the posts of the bed. Once there my hands were cuffed behind my back, as if I were an arrestee. Finally I knew what was happening as I was being slapped in the face with a male organ. My mouth opened submissively and accepted the tasty treat. Licking and sucking the shaft as it was driven in and out of my abiding mouth. Saliva dripped down my chin and droplets landed on my bare clamped breasts.

Oh, finally, I could do something to assist in this fury of passions. Hands came from behind me, pinching and slapping at my breasts. The clamps seemed to pull so hard at my nipples – they were harder than ever before and becoming sorer by the minute.  

Why should I deserve any of this? I am fairly attractive, in my late thirties, brunette, medium sized breasts – but common, nothing exotic. What makes me so enticing that anyone would want to pleasure me in this manner? So undeserving..."Oh my! So good...so big," the words muttered through gulps.

I could taste the salty sweetness as his juices puddled at the tip of this delicious licking stick. He was so thick I could feel the veins inside my mouth. My tongue licked and teased and begged for more of him. It was at this time he pulled out. I was left sitting there petitioning with my open mouth for more.

My wrists were being uncuffed and I was pushed to lie on my back. My arms were then hooked to restraints located somewhere on the side on the bed, so that I was on my back with my legs spread apart but my knees bent up – ready for an entrance. Kisses administered to my sex took me by surprise. The oil used must have been flavored and I knew my juices were heavy. Whoever was there lapped and lapped – licking and nibbling on my clit as he sucked on my sex. This was driving me crazy! Oh, how I wanted to cum – but my lovers kept me continuously at the edge. What were they waiting on?

"Yes, just like th—" I was cut off with a gag. 

"No talking my dear." It was that deep voice again. This was not my husband...where was he? Who was this mystifying man? Was he the one commanding? Oh, the pleasure so overwhelmed me. I was at a loss as to what was next.

Oh, what a dream. But, if this is a dream, how can someone else be in charge of my fantasy? Of my dream?

The heat was rising from deep within my legs, up through my stomach, to the tips of my clamped nipples. I so needed more. The one between my legs came up through them and gently entered me. Oh, the relief! "So, are you surprised? Have I fulfilled your fantasy?" My husband whispered in my ear. He thrusted deep in me over and over. He knew I was close – I was wet and inflamed, and he knew me well. Tapping the back of my walls with the back of his shaft, he brought me closer and closer to a climax.

He tenderly removed my blindfold. I could still feel the sensation and tenderness of my breasts as my husband's chest brushed against and pulled at the clamps. His hard, thick rod continued plunging into me – deep into me.

I was close, oh, so close to squirting my juices all over his tool. His thrusts became harder and faster. My moans escaped from the gag muffled. Then I felt him – his river flooding my cavern and I exploded with him. Muted screams held captive in my throat vibrated throughout my body and I shook with passionate release.

He stroked my hair and removed the gag. Reaching across, he uncuffed my wrists, stood up from me and then loosed my ankles. Laying in wait was a bowl of warm water and a cloth, which my beloved used to wash me free of the oil and juices that covered me. 

The others had vanished. I don't know who or how many they were. But I was interested in knowing if I'd ever experience them again.

"Why?" I asked through my sobs.

"I love you," he whispered. I melted into his arms as I realized that dreams do come true.