 I turned to my wife now. "Well babe, that's it. It's over. I have now had what you had. I fucked all three of the friends that fucked you before we got married."

Jane chuckled. "That's not technically true."

Amanda and I both turned to her. "What do you mean?"

"Well, it was just the four of us at your bachelorette party weekend. Which was a lot more sex. But the night before your wedding, there was a fifth girl, remember?"

Amanda's jaw dropped. She turned to me. "Honey, I told you, right?"

I nodded. I had forgotten. I had been so focused on Amanda's friends that I had forgotten who joined in the night before we were wed.

Her sister, Nicole.

"Ok, but I don't think counts. It was once." My wife looked as scared as she did since I first confronted her.

"I don't know. Let me think about it." I could tell that I wasn't get anywhere tonight, and I did need some to consider the risk/reward of fucking my wife's younger sister.

The rest of the day with Jane was uneventful. I think we all knew that the sex was over, so the girls just talked while we cleaned up and drove back.

The drive back gave me time to think about Nicole. Amanda's sister was two years younger. During the lead up to the wedding, one of my groomsmen had referred to her as 'Amanda 2.0'. 

The sisters were about the same height, and if you saw them together, you could have guess they were related, but otherwise, Nicole really was 'the upgrade.'

Where Amanda's hair was light-ish brown, Nicole's was blonde. Where Amanda had a dancer's body and an A-cup, Nicole was the same through the shoulders and the waist, but her hips had curves, and her breasts were at least a C-cup.

When the guys were ogling the girls before the wedding, it was Nicole they fought over, not any of Amanda's friends.

When we arrived at Jane's apartment, I had pretty much decided it wasn't worth it. Amanda's friends would be around, but not at every family holiday. But when Jane got out of the car, she leaned back in my window and gave me a big, wet kiss.

"Thanks for everything. Who knew the guy I passed off to my friend is going to be the only guy to ever make me cum."

We all chuckled, at that, and Jane continued.

"Amanda, I'm sorry for bringing up Nicole. I can see you are upset. I don't want you guys to fight about it. So I have an idea."

Amanda, who was just getting into the passenger sheet, looked at me. We both shrugged, and looked back at Jane.

"Here's the idea. You guys have a trial where you argue your cases. Charlie for 'fucking' Nicole, and Amanda against."

"And who is going to judge? You?" My wife didn't sound happy.

"Well, I am not sure I should be the only arbiter."

"Who else? We can't tell anyone!" Amanda was getting less excited with this idea. 

"What if Bonnie and Anna judge with me too? I will run the show, and the three of us will vote after."

I had to admit, Jane had put a little thought into this. As I said, I was ready to drop it, but now I realized that if I won, it would be the judges' fault, not mine.

I looked over at my wife, and saw her thinking as well. My guess was that she was trying to figure out how her friends would vote. If Jane was for, that means both Anna and Bonnie would have to be against. Amanda was probably thinking that her friends would support her, but I was willing to risk that Anna was pro-sex.

"What do you think honey?" My wife spoke. Uh-oh, time to argue the preliminaries.

"I think Jane's idea has some merit. It's better than us arguing about it."

"Plus it gives us all a chance to play again." Jane chimed in.

"Okay." My wife's answer was short and sweet. "Jane, organize it."

I quickly added: "But don't tell Bonnie or Anna about the trial. I want them unbiased. That goes for both of you."

The girls both nodded. With that, we said our goodbyes to Jane, and she said she would be in touch.

It took less than a week before Jane called to say that she had organized a weekend for all five of us. I was surprised, but I assume Anna had jumped at the chance, and Jane had bullied Bonnie into it. The date was set for a couple weeks ahead, which gave me time to plan my arguments.

On the same call, Jane had fleshed out the way the trial would work. Since we all would be arriving Friday at different times, Friday would only be for fun. Saturday at breakfast, Jane would explain what was going on, and then she would take Bonnie and Anna away to give Amanda and I time to prepare. After lunch, they would return, and we would make our cases. The three girls would then discuss amongst themselves and then announce their votes to us. This left time for play afterwards, so there would be no hard feelings. Well, other than my hard feelings of a different kind.

Amanda and I agreed not to talk about the trial at all. However, we did have to have a separate negotiation, one that I initiated. I needed to know the ground rules with her friends during the trial weekend. I had been in control up to this point, but from now on, Amanda had the right of veto on who or what I did, so I wanted to make sure I knew who, and what, I could do.

Amanda must have thought about setting some ground rules as well, because when I brought it up, she was prepared.

"I don't want you doing anything behind my back, or vice versa. So I have to be awake and present if you go beyond second base with anyone. And you and I will sleep together, but alone. And if I want something, I get it."

I thought that was pretty straightforward, and agreed. 

The time before the weekend passed without incident. I decided and prepared my arguments. I decided to focus on what I thought would convince each judge, while preparing responses for Amanda's obvious points. I assume Amanda did as well, though I never saw any signs of it.

As we drove out to the AirBNB in the middle of nowhere that Jane had rented for the weekend, Amanda finally brought up the secondary topic... what happened if I won.

"Honey, I don't want to do anything with my sister. The night before the wedding, we barely touched. There was so much going on that direct contact wasn't necessary. But if it's just the three of us..." She trailed off.

"Okay. So you are saying that when you said she had sex with you, you meant in the same room at the same time, but not with each other."

"Yeah. I mean, I wasn't focused on her, but I also watched her enough to make sure she didn't freak out and tell our parents."

"Why don't you tell me what happened, so I understand what did or didn't occur." I figured it would pass the time on the drive. It was all country roads, so there wasn't a lot to see.

"Okay, so after the rehearsal, you remember how we all went out to that bar."

"Sure. The whole wedding party was there."

"And then the girls dragged me off".

"Yup. It's the after I am interested in."

"Okay, so Mom and Dad had rented that big suite in the hotel for me. Of course you do, you slept there after the wedding. Well, apparently Anna and Jane decided that they and Bonnie were just going to sleep in there with me. They had their own rooms, but they didn't want to use them.

So after the bar, we get back to the room. Nicole was with us, but headed back to her room that Mom and Dad rented for her. So as soon as the door shuts, Anna is all over me. She stripped me so fast I am amazed she didn't rip anything. So she sits me down on the bed, and they tell me that since this is my last night as a single woman, they are going to give me something to remember.

Quickly, they all strip down to lingerie. It must have been planned, because it wasn't usual stuff. Jane was wearing this lime green color. She had on a corset that lifted her big tits up, as if they aren't big enough already, and pinched her waist to make her ass look even bigger. The lime green contrasted nicely with her skin. Her hair was longer then, and it fell over her shoulders. She looked fantastic. 

Anna was wearing this royal blue set that was translucent. It wasn't frilly at all, it almost looked sporty. You could see her nipples through the bra, and her firebox through the panties. Her hair was up at the bar, but she put it down. The blue against her pale skin was sexy.

Bonnie looked she had to be talked into it. She was wearing a light purple teddy, again, good choice for her. The teddy stretched over her breasts, and was cut high over her hips to show off her ass. She had her hair up as well, and left it up. 

So there I am, sitting on the bed, naked. They each come up and lean over me. They each kiss me, and start stroking my body. Since I wasn't tied up this time, I was able to return the favor.

I was still half-drunk from the bar, plus all the nerves, so after making out with each of them a couple times, I was almost dripping on the bed.

Next they lay me back on the bed, prop me up with pillows, and Anna leans over me and kisses me. She works her way down my body, and just starts to kiss my pussy when there is a knock at the door.

All four of us freeze, wondering who would be knocking. Jane goes and looks, comes back and tells us its Nicole. The girls quickly pull their dresses back on, and Jane goes out to see what she wants.

I'm trying to dress too, but it was taking too long, so I just throw on a bathrobe, nothing under.

I go out into the sitting room and find Nicole and my friends sitting at the breakfast bar in the room, talking. Nicole has a bottle of wine, and says my Dad sent it over for all of us to enjoy.

I can see my friends are pissed, since their plans were ruined, but we pour the bottle and start drinking.

After a little bit, Anna says she needs to go the bathroom. It's through my bedroom, so as she goes, she motions to me to follow her. I do, and she yanks me into the bathroom, shuts the door, drops to her knees, throws my bathrobe open, and just dives into my pussy.

I gasp in surprise, and Anna mutters back "Quiet, I only have a couple minutes." 

I lean back on the sink, letting her eat me. She did a fantastic job, though I was already simmering, and I cum. Anna stands up, kisses me, letting me taste myself.

"Just remember, I was your first."

She wipes her face off and checks herself out while I attempt to close up the bathrobe. We go back out, and Jane and Bonnie smile, but Nicole's oblivious.

So a couple minutes later, Jane does the same with Bonnie. When they come back out, it's obvious to me that Bonnie was eating her out.

We are almost done with the bottle when Anna tries to get Bonnie to go with her. Unfortunately, Anna was pretty drunk at this point. Her request wasn't that subtle, and the rest of us knew it.

"What are you guys doing in the bathroom?" My sister asked. The question had a tone of knowing something was up, but also a bit of 'little sister' in it.

"N-nothing" we all blurted out.

"C'mon. This is the third trip in less than a glass of wine, and you are going in pairs. What are you doing?"

We were all too drunk and wired to come up with a good lie. We just stood there, looking at each other.

"If I didn't know better, I would think you were having sex in there. But none of you are lesbians."

The silence in the room was deafening.

"Ohmigod, you are having sex in there."

At this point, I was close to panic, so I grabbed my sister and covered her mouth.

"Shh, don't wake the entire hotel."

"Fine. Then tell me what was going on in there."

Bonnie must have been more drunk than I thought, because she blurted out "Jane made me eat her out. I'm sure that's what she wanted too", pointing at Anna.

"Bonnie!" The rest of us shrieked. I realized I had to take charge now, so I spoke up.

"Nicole, we will tell you, but you cannot tell anyone."

"Okay." My sister looked so eager.

"When we went in there, Anna ate me out. It sounds like Bonnie did the same for Jane."

"But... you're not gay, are you?"

"No, all of us are somewhat bisexual. We all enjoy a woman's touch every now and then."

My wife paused now, and looked at me. 

"I had to swear Nicole to secrecy. Yes, she asked about you, and I told her you couldn't know. We all swore this was the last time. I'm sorry."

I shrugged. "I guess I should be happy she asked."

My wife continued: "So after that, there was silence and then Anna blurts out "Okay so now that she knows, I'm so horny. Can someone please come eat me out?"

"Anna!" We all yelled at her.

Nicole spoke up now: "What's it like?"

I started to say "It's different", but I don't know if my sister heard me, because Anna blurted out "I'll show you."

"Anna!" Again she got yelled at.

"What? She wants to know, and we all want to do it anyway. Can't I offer to show her?"

We all looked at Nicole. She looked like she was in thought, and then looked at me.

"Can she?"

I was taken aback. I guess Nicole was more of a risk-taker than I thought.

"Okay, I guess."

"It won't be awkward, me being here?"

"Why don't you and Anna stay out here?"

We all agreed to this, so Jane, Bonnie, and I entered the bedroom just as Anna kissed my sister.

We shut the door just as Anna kissed my little sister, corrupting her just like she corrupted me in high school.

So with the door shut, I whip off my bathrobe, and Jane and Bonnie remove their dresses again. We started making out again, and then they position me on the bed just like Anna did.

This time though, Jane goes into her bag, and comes out with a strap-on. "This is to remember that guys aren't the only way to get a dick". She put it on, and then nodded to Bonnie.

Bonnie climbed on top of me, pulling her teddy to the side and dropping her pussy right on to my mouth. At the same time, I felt Jane lining up the strap-on between my legs. I had just starting licking Bonnie when she pushed it in.

So there we were, my black friend fucking me while I ate out my best friend, and the two of them kissed. We did three-ways a lot during college, but I don't ever remember a strap-on.

I made Bonnie cum first, and she rolls off. Jane pulls off, and says 'switch'. So she takes the strap-on off, Bonnie tries to put it on. It doesn't work with the teddy, so off that goes, and there is my tiny girl, getting ready. Jane finally climbs on top of me, and I start eating her out. I only get in a minute or two before she climbs off. I watch her go over to Bonnie to help her fix the straps. Bonnie's dick was too droopy. I remember picking on Jane that Bonnie needed to tighten the straps so much.

So finally they get it fixed, and Jane stands there, still wearing the corset, watching Bonnie get ready to mount me, when we hear "Oh fuck" from the other room. It was Nicole, and Jane looks over, and says "I gotta see".

So she heads to the door, leaving Bonnie to fuck me. Bonnie gets the strap-on back into me, and it felt good, so I was just getting into the groove when Jane comes back.

"Ohmigod Amanda, Anna is so bad. She got Nicole to eat her now."

I was shocked that my sister was willing to munch box. Letting Anna eat her is easy, but eating another girl out was a big step.

That distracted me, so after a few minutes, I told Bonnie to roll off. I had to see it myself.

So the three of us go to the odor, and crack it.

Anna is sitting on the couch, her legs pulled back and up. My sister is crouched on the floor, naked, her head between Anna's legs. At first Anna's eyes are closed and her head back, but then she notices us and smiles.

Nicole doesn't seem to be doing so well, and Anna is giving her pointers. Finally, Anna tells Nicole to take a break.

"Does one of you gawkers want to show her how its done?"

Nicole's head whipped around now to see us watching her. She looked embarrassed, even though Jane was the only one with any clothes on.

I was a little upset they were starting to show attention to my sister, so I decided to take charge:

"Hey, I thought tonight was about me, not you. Why don't you come in here and Jane will show her on me."

Jane was a little surprised by this suggestion, but since she was the only one who hadn't eaten anyone out that night, except me of course, I wanted her to join in.

So we move into the bedroom, and I resume my place propped among the pillows.

Jane takes the opportunity to finally remove the corset. With Nicole there, someone was there with boobs almost as big as hers, so she had to show off.

She then dives in, put cocks her head to the side, and gives my sister a running commentary of what she is doing.

Nicole sat on the edge of the bed, giving me rapt attention. Bonnie moved to my side, and starts sucking my tits. Anna joins her, and for a couple minutes, all three girls were attending to me.

It was heavenly, and since I was already warmed up from the strap-on, I cum pretty quickly. I was a little embarrassed to orgasm in front of my sister, but at this point she was so overwhelmed I don't think it mattered.

So after that, Anna gets her to go down on her again, right there on my bed. I grab the strap-on, put it on myself this time, and decide to fuck Bonnie with it. Jane stood off to the side, but then she gets into it. First she starts touching Bonnie, then Anna, and pretty soon she grabbing two tits at the same time.

I start flicking Bonnie's clit, and she cums. Anna goes off right after. With that, the energy kind of comes out of the room. Nicole and I had bumped into each other, hip-to-hip, a couple times, and it was pretty awkward.

I explained that I was tired, and had a big day tomorrow. Anna helped Nicole get dressed, and then walked her out. She comes back and says "Think I can get her to do that again? I love fresh meat."

We all giggled after that, and talked a little longer, before we all fell asleep, four of us in that big bed."

That seemed to be the close to Amanda's story.

"So you and Nicole didn't do anything with each other."

"Nope. I'm not sure if she had done anything with Anna after, either. I'm sure Anna would have bragged if she did."

"Hmm. How come with all that sex, I didn't smell it on the sheets?"

"Oh I had housekeeping change them. Told them I wanted fresh sheets for my wedding night."

"And how come nobody noticed the girls in your room?"

"They all got up at like 5 am and went back to their rooms. Except Bonnie. She stayed on the couch. Or at least that's what we told everyone."

"Wow. So they really did it right up until the wedding, huh?"

"Yes, and I am sorry. It was a part of my life I should have included you in sooner."