 Since our original fight months ago when I found out my wife has been having sex with her bridesmaids up to the night before our wedding and responded by seducing those same bridesmaids, I had also started taking more control of our sex life.

Before, sex with my wife Amanda was more of a joint decision. There would be flirting, teasing. Now, she was lucky to get a word in before activities started.

Now, that's not to say that I was forcing myself on her. It just meant that instead of hinting and hoping, I was skipping the foreplay and going straight to penetration.

A couple days ago for instance, Amanda had looked delightful cooking dinner. She was wearing her work clothes, a gray wrap dress that fell to mid-thigh. When I walked in the kitchen, she was bent over the counter. Her ass was sticking out, and the dress pulled up fairly high.

My greeting was to unzip myself silently, walk up behind her, stroke the back of her thigh, and lift the dress.

She stood up, surprised, but let me kiss her neck and lower her panties before I inserted myself into her.

Dinner was delayed as our fucking moved from the kitchen counter out onto the couch. By the end, she was naked, and ended up straddling me as I sat on the couch, riding me until I deposited cum in her pussy.

After some post-coital bliss, she resumed dinner preparations. The only clothes she put back on were her panties, probably so I wouldn't leak down her leg. Altogether, a very satisfying situation to come home to.

Yesterday morning, we didn't even make it out the door. I came out of the shower to see her in a towel in front of the mirror, holding up clothes to decide what to wear.

She didn't get a chance to make a decision before I pulled her towel away and pushed her down onto her dresser, watching ourselves in the mirror as we fucked.

The view in the mirror of her face contorting in pleasure as I pounded her was nice, but the view below me of her long legs and beautiful ass was even better.

Amanda didn't like going to work with cum in her pussy, so when I was close, she dropped to her knees and swallowed my load as a protein-filled breakfast. 

Her look afterwards as she went in to brush her teeth was one of satisfaction rather than disgust, which let me know that my methods were still welcome.

It had been two weeks since our weekend at the cabin that gave me the 'green light' to attempt to seduce my wife's sister, Nicole. I had been having regular conversations with my wife's high-school friend Anna, a lithe redhead who was going to assist me, but neither of us had come up with a decent plan.

As I went through my day, it dawned on me that we would we seeing Nicole this weekend. One of Amanda's cousins was getting married, and I was sure Nicole would be there.

Saturday morning, after a long car ride followed by my wife and I sitting in the garden of a hotel waiting for the ceremony to start, I got my first glimpse at my next (and final?) conquest. I was unaware that she was in the wedding, so it was a surprise when I saw her before the ceremony, extremely made-up and prepared.

As I had said, Nicole looked like Amanda would after she had some plastic surgery. The bridesmaids were dressed in kelly green dresses. They were short, only knee-length, showing off Nicole's legs, which were nice, but the one feature Amanda had her beat at.

The green dress was tight above the waist, and had a plunging neckline that did a great job showing off Nicole's breasts, which looked to be around a C-cup. Her bleach-blonde hair was pinned up in some complex way that girls use at weddings. Altogether, she was a knockout, easily the best-looking bridesmaid, and her clothing and makeup enhanced that.

As our afternoon went from waiting, to watching the ceremony, to cocktail hour, I thought of all the things I would like to do to my wife's little sister.

Nicole came off as fairly innocent, sexually. She wasn't a big drinker, and didn't bring guys around, so it wouldn't surprise me if her little tryst with Anna the night before our wedding was the least boring sex of her young life. 

I would love to see her eating out Anna while I plowed her. I also wanted to stick my dick between those tits which were so nicely pushed up and together today.

During cocktail hour, which consisted of the guests standing around to wait for waiters to pass by with hors d'oeuvres, Nicole finally greeted her sister and I.

The wedding party had to work the room, but I used the couple minutes with my target to ascertain that she was currently single, and relatively free the next couple weekends.

Nicole was drinking a mixed drink, and every time she sipped it all I could see was my cock in her mouth (which was a little bigger than the straw).

This fantasizing continued into every nod of her head thinking of her licking a pussy, and every look being one that she was giving sexually.

By the time she walked away, I was hard enough that I was considering what small out of the way place I could take my wife to. The drive up had been too busy to play, and we hadn't had any downtime since we arrived.

Nicole departed after a few minutes to mingle. I took the opportunity to step closer to my wife, brush my hard dick against her hip, and whisper a suggestion into her ear.

Amanda blushed and whispered back "If you can find somewhere you can guarantee we won't get caught. But this is my family. We can't be seen."

I smiled, knowing I now had two plans to map out. I excused myself and headed to the men's room.

On the way, I stopped at a handy poster of the facility that contained the exit routes. Studying it closely, I realized there weren't any closets, stairwells, or side-rooms visible on it. Okay, first-person recon it was.

After draining the snake, I took five minutes to walk around as much of the property as I could. Although the ceremony was outside, in the hour or two since the sun had gone down, and the temperature outside had dropped precipitously. That ruled out 'al fresco'.

Since the building was designed for events, it was efficient in its use of space. What doors I did find were locked. Hmm, I wonder if they had a problem with frisky couples.

Admitting defeat for now, I returned to cocktail hour just in time to get one more drink before we were ushered into the main room.

Dinner came next, and as I ate, I studied the room. The room was rectangular, with the dance floor and 'stage' for the DJ along the center of one of the long sides. This pushed the tables mostly to the two ends. As I studied the stage, I realized that there was quite a gap between the curtain behind the stage and the actual wall. This required investigating.

Unfortunately, before I could get up the speeches started, and then the food was served. I was starving, so that took precedence.

Nicole was seated with the other bridesmaids towards the front. Amanda and I were seated with three other recently married couples. Amanda barely knew one wife, but that was it, so the small-talk was surface-only.

Finally my belly was full. As the dancing started I got up, only for Amanda to rise with me and drag me to the floor. I enjoyed dancing with my beautiful wife, so I went with her, my libidinous intentions put on hold for the moment.

One dance turned into a few. Finally Amanda stepped off to hit the bathroom. I turned to explore behind the curtain and bumped into Nicole herself.

I realized almost instantly she had the flush of someone who was drunk. Deciding to focus on the conquest of this sister for the moment, I took her hand and pulled her into a dance.

It was a slow song, so the music gave us the chance to speak without shouting. After asking about her studies, I mentioned that we had recently seen our own bridesmaids. Nicole's eyes darted away at that point. I assume she was remembering her dalliance the night before the wedding.

As I stated, the dress did nothing to hide Nicole's bountiful bosom, and whatever support she was wearing definitely had the girls pushed up and together. It even appeared that some type of glitter had been applied to them. They would have looked great with my cock between them.

Laying the groundwork now, I suggested Nicole visit us, spending a weekend away from her college. As girls do, she made vague promises.

By now, our dancing had moved us closer, and I could feel her nipples brush against my shirt, and my hard-on had brushed against her once or twice. 

I kept going on how she and Amanda never saw each other since the wedding. I talked about how boring our married life was, and how she must be having such wild times at college. She rolled her eyes at that, reinforcing my impression that she wasn't promiscuous.

At this point the song ended and one of the groomsmen asked to cut in. I looked to Nicole, and she didn't seem keen on the idea.

I apologized to the guy that I hadn't seen my wife's sister in a while, and was enjoying catching up with her. Nicole seemed to perk up at my combination of chivalry and interest in her, and when I put my arm around her waist to accent the point, she did the same.

The guy was confused by this turn of events, and stammered something about holding a dance open. I told him I would, which confused him even more. I turned back to Nicole, who laughed now. 

My unplanned display of defending her seemed to burst a dam, and she spilled out now how she didn't like guys coming up to her like that, and how all she attracted were weirdos.

I consoled her, and she told me how my own groomsmen fawning over her at our wedding was the height of the problem.

I explained to her the problem. Bonnie had been glued to her significant dickhead. Jane and Anna were both extremely intimidating and aggressive. That meant of the bridesmaids, the pinnacle of conquests at a wedding, she was the preferred target. This made her drunken blush even deeper.

I was a beneficiary of perfect timing as Amanda finally returned from the bathroom. Leaving on a high note, I gave Nicole a hug and kiss on the cheek, eliciting a promise from her that she would come out and see us.

As her little sister sashayed away, drunk on my compliments and whatever the other bridesmaids were feeding her, I saw my wife giving me a stink-eye.

I explained that I had run into her little sister after she exited the dance floor, and proceeded to protect her from an unwanted suitor.

My wife wasn't a dummy, and accused me of 'tenderizing the new meat'. I responded by whispering in her ear that "under terms of the agreement, her sister could eat whatever meat she wanted". I underscored the point with a well-placed grab of her ass.

With that, I stepped off the floor to investigate the curtain. I followed the natural flow of people to the far side of the room, where I stepped off to the side, right next to the edge of the curtain, and pulled out my phone.

Pretending to stare at it for a minute while I looked at the curtain, I decided that it seemed big enough to have a look. Making sure no one was looking, I slid behind the curtain, trying to move it as little as possible to draw no attention.

The curtain ran from the floor almost to the high ceiling. It was lucky I had my phone out, as there was almost no light back there. I found that the area, which started only a couple feet deep but widened to maybe 8' wide in the center, was mostly full of extra furniture, but a path wide enough to walk through meandered all the way through to the other side.

I checked to make sure that there was no way anyone could see in from the other side, or near the floor. Finding nothing, I switched my phone off, and saw that unless someone came in with a flashlight, they weren't going to see us. Deciding it was safe enough to meet Amanda's requirements, I picked out a stack of chairs that would be perfectly-sized to set my wife on, or bend her over. Noting its location in this hidden passageway, I headed back out the way I had come.

Knowing that people usually wouldn't bother someone on a phone, I put it to my ear as I stepped out, continuing the fake conversation all the way outside. I hadn't noticed anyone try to stop me, so I considered it a 'go'.

When I returned to our table, I found my wife there, eating dessert. I joined her with a kiss on the cheek, checking her temperature before I attempted to 'check her temperature'.

Amanda had reached her two-drink maximum, and while she wasn't sloppy drunk, I knew she didn't need another drop of booze. A slice of cake plus another spin around the dance floor took her mind off my grooming of her sister, so when I pulled her off the floor and behind the curtain, her reaction was more of surprise than resistance.

Now, fooling around in the dark, and not removing much of our clothing, did not make this the best sex we had ever had, but doing it while most of Amanda's family was basically in the same room definitely gave me a thrill.

Amanda was wearing a berry-colored dress that I was currently doing my best to expose her tits from as we started kissing. The top was loose across the front, but left her back most exposed. I hadn't watch her put it on, so I had no idea how to take it off, and in the dark I wasn't having much luck.

Finally I just gave up on getting to her tits. I lifted the skirt up to bunch around her waist, and grabbed her hips, lifting her onto the seat I had identified earlier. There wasn't much skirt too bunch. Her dress was definitely less 'prim married woman' and more 'looking for trouble'. I didn't mind. She had great legs, and they would be wrapped around me in a minute.

As we continued to make out I unzipped myself. Holding my dick, I went straight in for the kill. I found that Amanda had already removed her panties. She told me that she figured I would come through on a discreet location, so she removed them in the bathroom earlier.

Turned on even more by my wife's willingness to fuck at a family function, I pushed into her, finding her pussy wet and willing.

Since we were both worked up, it was a quick fuck. I never did get to her tits, but didn't mind as I grabbed what ass I could.

As my cock blasted into her, Amanda came too, biting my shoulder. When we were done, I pulled out.

Not sure what to do with my dripping cock, I was pleasantly surprised when my wife dropped to her knees and took care of it, using her mouth to clean our juices off.

When I was done, she told me that she needed her purse since that contained her panties, and she didn't want me dripping down her legs.

We agreed that the best plan was for me to exit first, get the purse, and then her to come out and take it from me on the way to the bathroom. 

I used the same trick again, coming out on my phone, but this time heading straight back to our table. 

Amanda was told to count to 30 to give me time, but her counting was too fast, so instead of me being waiting near the bathroom for her, she exited ahead of me.

I watched her get a dirty look from one of the wait-staff who must have seen me come out too. Amanda did her best to smile back, then gave me a big kiss when I got there with her purse. She went straight to the bathroom, and came back with a relieved look on her face.

The rest of the night was uneventful. We had booked a hotel room nearby, so after leaving the party we went at it again. I remember thinking of some of the fun things I wanted to do Nicole now that the groundwork was lain.

Seeing Nicole in-person seemed to stimulate my preparations, and when she called Amanda later that week to setup a visit two weeks later, Anna and finally had the beginnings of a plan put-together.

That Saturday, Anna arrived at the house three hours before Nicole was scheduled to arrive. The redhead greeted me with a open-mouthed kiss that would have dropped most men; however, I wanted to save myself for what we were planning, so I managed, just barely, to resist Anna's advances.

Once I peeled Anna off me, and then off of Amanda, we walked through the plan one final time. After that, we spent time sitting around the kitchen table, catching up. I picked the kitchen to keep something between Anna and I. It didn't completely work, as I had to swat her foot away from my crotch twice.

Finally, an hour before Nicole's estimate for her arrival, I gave my wife, and then her friend, a kiss, and left the house.

When Nicole finally arrived, she knocked on the door, and when no one answered, entered on her own. She searched the downstairs, and finding no one, headed upstairs.

She had just reached the top of the stairs when Amanda burst from our bedroom, clothes askew.

"Ohmigod, Nicole. I didn't hear you come in." Amanda was buttoning the last couple buttons of her shirt as she said this.

"Listen, Charlie just called. He was supposed to be home from work by now, but he is having car issues. I have to go pick him up. I will be back in a couple hours."

"Oh...kay" my wife's sister replied, clearly confused. She was absolutely scrumptious in a tight gray sweater that hugged her curves, and a striped gray skirt that ended just above her knees.

How did I know this? Well, over the past two weeks I had installed a series of cameras that would give me audio and video of all the rooms that the girls would be in.

A feed from which I was currently watching from the street behind ours. This allowed me to stay on our wi-fi while watching what went down.

My wife continued our ruse:

"I'm really sorry. Anna is here. She stopped by too. She's... in my room." My wife turned back towards our room.

"Anna, my sister is here. Come out and say hi".

There was a momentary pause before Anna appeared, wearing nothing but one of my sweatshirts.

This was in the 'script', but damn she looked hot like that, her long legs sticking out from under. I loved when Amanda did that, and it looked good on her friend too.

"Ok, Hi and Bye." My wife cheek-kissed her sister and rushed down stairs, leaving her little sister alone with her corrupting friend.

"C'mon, let's go downstairs and talk." Anna took Nicole by the hand and led her downstairs to the living room.

I had switched cameras and was watching the living room feed when my passenger door opened and Amanda climbed in.

"Ohmigod, what was Anna thinking with that shirt. You could almost see her pussy peeking out." My wife shook her head as she settled in to watch my tablet.

"Well, you were the one who let her get you naked even though you were on the clock." When I kissed my wife I could smell the pussy on her. I wondered if she knew Nicole could as well.

"Well, you said we had to test the audio on the feed, and one thing led to another." Amanda was going along with the plan today, but she wasn't completely on-board with the fact that the day could end with me having sex with her sister.

The living room audio quality wasn't terrific due to the size of the room, and the fact that the camera was mostly hidden by a picture frame, but we could watch and get the gist of what was going on.

Anna had proclaimed herself an expert at seduction, and claimed she could get Nicole into a compromising position with no assistance. That would now be tested.

The conversation started banal. Anna and Nicole knew each other growing up, but it was obvious they didn't keep in touch. 

"How long do you think we will be here?" Amanda asked. 

I shrugged. "As long as it takes", I said, though I hoped that Anna was quick. Watching other people make small-talk, even when they were both gorgeous women, wasn't a way to spend the day.

Anna had moved closer to Nicole now. I could hear them talking about Nicole's sweater, and Anna stroking the arm of it. Anna was very complimentary, and now that she had made physical contact, she didn't break it.

I heard Anna suggest that Nicole should see the outfit had brought, ostensibly for dinner tonight. With that, the girls got up and headed upstairs.
