 They had been friends for a long while. They had endured each other’s highs and lows from high school on. Sam had told her about lost relationship after lost relationship, and Trista had told him about the jerks who she continually gravitated towards. They were very open with each other, talked of turn ons and turn offs, and sexual preferences. Their friends would tease them, saying that they should just get it on and get it over with. They, however, were too frightened of losing their friendship. Friendship is too valuable to lose over sex or lust. 

Not, however, that they hadn’t considered it individually. But, the truth was, it was just too frightening a prospect to explore. So, they continued to travel through relationships like cars on the freeway.

Trista had just caught her latest beaux in a manage-a-trois—without her. She had stumbled into the apartment, a bit tipsy, and had discovered her boyfriend with a shapely brunette devouring his cock, and a wispy redhead feeding him her tits. She was shocked, but could not have counted on his reaction. “Come and join in, babe.” Trista had never lost it before. She prided herself on her calm decorum, and her ability to keep it together until she was out of sight. Tears rolled down her face as she grabbed the toaster, ripped it from the wall, and threw it across the room. She stomped upstairs and started to pack her things. 

The next thing she knew, the redhead was in the room to see if she was ok. “No, I am not okay, but you go on down and finish your fuck and I’ll be out of your way.” The redhead grabbed her by the shoulders, wiped away her tears, and held her close. Trista could not believe it. This naked woman was comforting her after she had helped her boyfriend cheat. She pushed the girl away. “You make me sick.” She stumbled out of the bedroom with only one suitcase.

When she crossed through the living room, the brunette was smoking a cigarette, lounging in the chair that Trista had bough John for his birthday. It was enough to send Trista flying out the door as the brunette laughed at her.

Outside the door, she fumed. Why should she have to leave? Her name was on the lease. She thought momentarily about going back in to kick them out, but did not want to see them copulating again. She got in her car and calmed a bit. She drove her car to Sam’s, though it was more like the car was on autopilot. 

She knocked on his door a dozen or so times. Finally, he opened the door, his hair disheveled, and said, “Trista, it’s three in the morning. What the hell are you doing here?”

Before she could answer, he saw her puffy eyes and the suitcase that was only partially closed. “Come on in.” He led her to the kitchen where he poured her a scotch. “Jesus, I thought this was the one. What happened?” She told him the seedy details and Sam’s mouth dropped. “He asked you to join in? What a cretin!” 

By now, Trista was sobbing silently. “It’s just that I thought he loved me. I don’t think it is possible for men to love.” Josh acted as if he were offended. “Hey! I can love!” Trista laughed, “Not you, MEN!”

“Oh, so I am not a man?”

“You know what I mean.”

“I know. You’re hurting. Let me draw you a bath.” 

Trista sat drinking her scotch as she heard the water run. She got up and went into the bathroom, and stripped naked. Not caring that Sam was in the room, she slipped into the tub and soaked until the water was cold. Sam exited, realizing that she was in no condition to realize that she had just been naked in front of him. 

He went into his bedroom and cleared off the bed for her. He was never much of a housekeeper, and Trista sometimes cleaned for him. He stripped the bed and put new sheets on the bed. The whole time, he couldn’t get the image of her naked body out of his mind. She was, perhaps, one of the sweetest women he knew. And, she was attractive. Now, she wasn’t a model, she had a bit of weight on her, but Sam loved that she was a real woman. Five foot four and about one fifty, she was curvaceous and real. Touchable. But he couldn’t think of that. He was her friend. And that was all.

Meanwhile, Trista was drying off, thinking of the depraved scene she had encountered. Standing back from her anger, she realized how, from an observer’s point of view, the image of two women on John was incredibly erotic. She was amazed at her thoughts. How could she be turned on by such a thing? 

She made her way into the living room where Josh was laying on the couch. “I made up my bed for you.” 

“No, I can sleep on the couch.”

“No arguments…go to bed.”

Knowing that he would not let her win, she slipped off into a fitful sleep of erotic images that shamed her to the core. She awoke, startled to realize that one image was of Sam fucking the redhead from behind while Trista masturbated. She pulled herself together and went into the kitchen.

Sam was just putting the last pancakes on a tray. “I was going to bring you breakfast.”

“I have been enough of a burden. I should cook for you.”

“Are you feeling better?”

“I’m not going to throw any toasters, if that is what you mean.” 

“Look, T, I am sorry”

“No, I am sorry I came here so late last night. I know I should have kicked him out, but…”

“No need to explain. So what now?”

“Some fun. I need to have some fun. Let’s have a party.”

“Are you sure? I mean…well, you know how our friends get.”

“It’s just what I need. A night of implied depravity and a good beating by Mr’s Otis and Hooch.”

“Okay, but you know they will ask.”

“And I will tell them. That should kick the party off!” Trista laughed, but she wasn’t feeling so cheerful.

That night eight people were present. Sam, Trista, Ian, Marcus, Jane, Tiffany, Lisa, and Beamer. Sam had filled them in with a rough sketch of what had happened, so that they wouldn’t ask. They all brought their drinks and sat down in the living room, ready to drink their ways into oblivion. 

What no one knew, was that Trista had vowed to make this a party to remember. She came down dressed in a short-waisted tank top, and a small skirt. Everyone looked at her like she had gone crazy. “What? I just wanted to feel good, ok?”

She was carrying a box. “What’s in the box?” Tiffany asked? 

“Some games. It should make the night interesting.”

Sam handed her a Hooch, somewhat trepidatiously. “What kind of games, T?”

“Fun games, drinking and depravity, I say.” 

Beamer and Marcus looked interested, the others looked incredulous. But no one was going to ruin this night for her. So, they sat and chatted while they drank. Trista got out the Jenga game, which allayed their fears. She set it up on the coffee table. 

“Okay, this is drinking Jenga. Each block has something written on it. When you draw it, you have to follow out the command. If a few blocks fall, you have to drink. If the whole thing falls…Chugalug. I will start” She pulled a block from the middle. “Drink three.” She took three gulps of her beer. “T, slow down a bit.” Sam looked worried.

“Sam, stop worrying. I am fine. Your turn, Ian.”

Ian pulled a block. “The player must drink every time someone sings. Shit. That’s going to get me drunk with this group.”

Jane smiled and started singing a showtune. Ian drank. They all laughed. They continued to play until Sam knocked down the stack and had to chug his beer. It wasn’t a great loss as the game had been kind to him. 

Trista piled the blocks into the box and got out another Jenga game. They all wondered at this. Trista smiled, “Just wait.” She pulled a block, read the command, and took her shoes off. They all looked questioningly at her. The block read: “Take off one piece of clothing.”

“All right!” Shouted Beamer as he sipped his Jim Beam and Coke. The rest laughed, most of them loosened up enough to play this game. They had played strip poker before and truth or dare…how could this be any different? 

Tiffany was next. She pulled a block and blushed. “I can’t do this!” She passed the block to Marcus who read, “take a piece of clothing off of another individual with your teeth. Come on, Tiff, you can do it.” Tiffany scanned the group and took off one of Trista’s socks with her teeth. “Both” Trista said. She took the other one off.

Next was Beamer. He grinned as he read his block. “I have to kiss someone.” He grabbed Jane and pushed her to the floor. Jane laughed and then his mouth descended. The kiss lasted about forty five seconds and then she sat up, wiping her mouth. “Aggressive isn’t always good, Beamer.” They all laughed.

“Okay Marcus, your turn.” Marcus pulled a block. The shy one of the group, he blushed. “Trista? Do I have to?” “Yes,” she replied and read the block. “The player must expose either his cock or her tits for an entire round.” Everyone was a little shocked, but laughed anyway. Marcus unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock which was still soft. 

Jane was next. “Do a body shot off of a member of the same sex. You may not choose the arms or legs.” Trista pulled out a shot glass, salt, a lime quarter, and a bottle of tequila. “You’re like Mary fucking Poppins with that box” Sam said with amazement. “Don’t you know it!” 

Jane picked Lisa. She licked her neck, sprinkled the salt on. She gave Lisa the lime to hold in her mouth. She rested the shot glass of tequila on her navel. She blushed a little, and then licked the salt off of Lisa’s neck, took the shot glass in her mouth, tipped it back and dropped it in the box. She then took the lime from Lisa’s lips. “Christ. I’m going to be shitfaced!” 

Lisa looked a little stunned, but grabbed a block. “Oh my god!” She laughed almost hysterically. “It says: Lick someone’s cock or pussy through their clothes for one minute.” Trista pulled out a timer. “Can’t be Marcus,” Beamer laughed as they all gazed at his semi-hard cock. They all laughed and Marcus covered his cock with his hands. “No way, Marcus,” Trista said. He uncovered his growing prick. 

Lisa, accepting her fate, knocked Ian over and began licking his cock through his pants. Everyone stared as his cock began to grow and tent his pants. Trista timed and told them when a minute was up. Ian sat up, looking like he was wishing for more. 

Sam was next. He drew a block. “Trista, I can’t.” She yanked it from his hand. “Tell about an erotic fantasy you have had about one of your friends. Why, Sam, was it about Marcus?” They both blushed and scoffed at the idea. “Fine, but don’t forget you were the one that made up this game.”

“I have fantasized about one of my friends in this room. I fantasized about having her suck on my cock while I played with her tits. I thought about making her cum a couple of times before I…um…fucked her on the floor in the daylight.” They all looked astonished. They all wanted to know who, but he wasn’t telling. By this time, the group was starting to get a bit more aroused. Lisa was discreetly brushing her hand over her nipples, and Marcus was absently running a finger along his now hard cock.

Ian cleared his throat and everyone watched as he pulled a block. He laughed. “I really can’t do this, Trista.” She read the block “Oops…ok, then someone has to do it to you.” 

Ian blushed and said, “Ok, you, Trista.” Trista leaned over and traced his lips with her tongue. Sam laughed as the block read: Trace Ian’s lips with your tongue. Trista sat back and said, “I was getting a bit specific, sorry.”

Trista picked a block and grinned. She laid the block back down without reading it. She leaned back, reached under her skirt, and began rubbing her panties. She was moaning and writhing like she was on the brink of orgasm. “Oh, yes. Baby, yes. Right there, OH OH OH…” She went on like this for more than a couple of minutes until she faked an orgasm of momentous proportions. Or so they assumed. She sat up and Beamer read the block: “Fake an orgasm while touching yourself.” They all laughed, but the sexual tension was rising in the room. 

Trista was enjoying herself, but she couldn’t shake the picture of John with the two women out of her mind. She wanted to have a depraved night of fun and drinking to make it all right. She knew this was dangerous, but what the hell? You only live once.

Tiffany grabbed a block. She laughed, more than tipsy now. “I have to drink beer out of someone’s mouth. She took her beer and gave it to Marcus, who wasn’t sure he could take much more of his cock hanging out. He took the beer in his mouth and they kissed, Tiffany sucking his tongue as she drank the beer. Her hand accidentally brushed his cock and it twitched. She jumped back and beer sprayed over the floor. She ran to get paper towels to wipe it up as Marcus, much relieved, put his cock back in and zipped up.

Beamer pulled a block as Tiffany wiped up the beer. “Shit! Trista, you truly are evil. I have to tell my most embarrassing sexual moment.” Everyone laughed. “Ok, here goes. I was being my player self, and had picked up a girl at a bar. We went back to my place and I had my hand deep in her cooter and she was cumming hard. The problem was, she was so drunk, she threw up all over herself and my couch. Are you happy, T?” “Very,” Trista laughed. 

Ian stood up, “I’m sorry Trista, but I have to work tomorrow, unlike you guys, so I need to go.” Jane stood up too. “Yeah, I am getting tired…you’re not too mad, are you?”

Trista laughed, “No, not at all. You’re the one’s missing out.” 

Ian and Jane left, and what no one knew was that they were going back to Jane’s together. They had kept it a secret, but all the sexual games got them worked up and they wanted each other. The friends would find out soon, but keeping it a secret made it more thrilling for them.

Marcus was next after everyone took a little break and got new drinks and went to the restroom. Trista put on some Barry White just to jack up the sex factor. Sam was getting worried, but when he tried to pin her down in the kitchen, she said, “Back off Sam. I know what I am doing. Anyone can stop at any time. But I am going to have some fun.”

They resumed and Marcus pulled a block. “Okay, I am taking Lisa in the closet for five minutes.” He grabbed her hand and led her to the closet. Trista started the timer. Soon, they could hear some noises from in the closet and everyone was getting turned on. Trista saw Tiffany’s hand linger into her lap as Lisa began to moan. “What the hell did that block say?” asked Sam. He picked it up: give someone a five minute hand job in the closet. “ Wow, you were feeling randy when you wrote these, huh T?”

“Of course” she said, feeling the wet between her legs. She smiled and pulled her hand up to her lips and acted like she was licking her juices off her hand. Sam’s cock began to throb at the sight. He wondered how far this would go. 

Five minutes went by and they made Lisa and Marcus come out. Lisa didn’t seem like she wanted to, but she came out anyway. She was next, and she read the block. “make out with someone of the same sex for five minutes. My god! Okay. She turned to Tiffany and leaned in to kiss her. Tiffany looked uncertain, but was too drunk to say no. They began to kiss and fondle one another. It started tentatively, as if they were just putting on a show, but then Tiffany ran her hand up under Lisa’s shirt and was playing with her tits. Lisa started to moan against her lips and ran her hand over Tiffany’s ass. After five minutes of this, everyone was worked up. Trista insisted, however that they continue. 

Sam was next. He pulled a block. “Oh my god.” He put the block down and went into the kitchen. He came out with some strawberries and announced. “I have to eat a strawberry off of someone’s cock.” Everyone looked aghast. Trista laughed, “how was I to know that a guy would get that?” Sam looked at Marcus and Beamer. Finally, he said, what the hell. Beamer, whip it out. Beamer looked a bit confused in his drunken haze, but he pulled out his cock and put a strawberry on top. 

“Sorry, man” Sam said as he dipped his head down and took the strawberry and the tip of Beamer’s cock in his mouth. He did it quickly and perfunctorily, but everyone could see Beamer’s cock twitch. The game was taking a new avenue, and everyone was enjoying it, though they would never say so aloud.

“My turn,” Trista said with a griin. She pulled a block. “The trouble with making these is that sometimes you screw yourself. Ok, Sam, pull it out.” Sam looked shocked, and read the block: go down on your best friend in the room until he/she cums. He was frightened of the turn the game had taken, but had wanted this for a while. It was just a game, right?

He took out his cock and Trista started licking it. She was doing one hell of a job teasing him, and he was so turned on, that she wouldn’t have a hard time making him cum. She then began to suck on the tip of his cock and he thought he was in bliss. He placed his hand on her head and stroked her hair. “So good, yes more.” He pushed a little on her head, but didn’t expect her to take his cock all the way in her mouth and start grinding. He could feel his balls tighten. Trista must have felt it too, because she tugged down on them, wanting to prolong it a bit. Sam was astonished. She was enjoying this. She started to bob her head up and down on his cock and then released his balls. It was only moments before he came hard in her mouth. She tried to swallow it all, but some dripped down her chin. 

Sam couldn’t help himself. He loved the sight of his cum dripping down her face, and he became hard again. He couldn’t deny it now. He wanted her. Hell, he thought he loved her. But now was not the time. So, he decided to continue the game. By this time, people were rubbing their crotches. Tiffany pulled one. “Social? You mean a drink?”

“Flip it over,” Trista said.

“Everyone get naked.” 

They stared at each other, but when Trista started stripping, they thought, what the hell. Everyone was soon naked, and the scent of arousal was permeated the room. No one was laughing. They were all worked up and wanted sex. They didn’t care who it was anymore, except Sam. He wanted Trista. He excused himself and went into the bathroom. He tried to think logically, but all he could think of was her face with HIS cum on it. He took some deep breaths, flushed the toilet, though he had not gone, and returned to the room.

What he saw shocked him. Lisa was laying on the ground, her legs spread wide, and Beamer was rubbing his cock against her pussy. Trista explained that the block said they had to dry fuck for three minutes, but since they were undressed, they decided to change it a bit. Lisa was getting close to cumming, and by the looks of it, so was Beamer. Three minutes were up, but no one was stopping them. Beamer thrust his cockhead against her clit and Lisa came hard. Soon after, Beamer was cumming all over her tits and stomach. What happened next shocked them all. Marcus crawled over and licked Beamer’s cum off of Lisa. He sucked on her nipples and got her aroused again. Then Marcus drew a block. He didn’t hesitate. He went back over to Lisa, straddled her face and dove his face into her pussy. Lisa was soon devouring his cock. While they were avidly sixty-nineing, Sam placed the block on the stack. It teetered and fell. Lisa and Marcus stopped only for so long as to see what happened. They resumed. Sam asked Trista, what’s the penalty?

Trista thought long and hard. “You have to tell us your favorite fantasy in detail while you masturbate.” They waited for Marcus and Lisa to cum, which didn’t take long. Trista explained the penalty. Sam, no longer shy, began:

“I have one fantasy that until tonight I have pushed aside as Trista’s friendship means everything to me.” He stroked his cock as he told the fantasy to the group, his eyes on Trista’s. “I dreamed once that I caught you masturbating in the bathtub. I was going to leave, and you said no. I sat on the tub ledge and you guided my hand to your pussy. I ran my fingers through your pussy and rubbed your clit. You started to moan and brought my head to your breasts. I started to suck your nipples and finger fuck you. I woke up after that, but since then, I have fantasized about you pulling me in the tub, stripping me, and guiding my cock into your pussy. I fantasize about making love to you in the tub, our eyes locked and giving you the best orgasm of your life.”
