 Oh Jesus, what time is it and what the fuck is that noise? Am I dreaming? My groggy eyes struggle open. A door closes. Is that Maddy? Christ it is! That’s her giggle. The LED display on the bedside alarm beams 3:10.

There is the sound of a male voice. Who the hell is that? I start to roll over as I hear someone enter the bedroom.

“Hey baby, is that you?” I grunt.

“Yep, it’s me,” Maddy answers. I feel her weight on the bed. Her hands a are groping for me. “Where the hell are you,” she adds with a laugh.

“I’m right...” My words are cut off by her quick, wet kiss. What the hell? “Right here... trying to get some sleep because I gotta work in the morning,” I finish sarcastically once my mouth is free. She knows how much I value my slumber during the week.

“Hey man, don’t I always promise to get her home safe.” 

Holy shit! My sleep-dulled mind tries to grasp the fact there is another man in our bedroom! “Is that you Carlos?”

“Yep. Maddy’s personal taxi driver,” Carlos says with a chuckle. “She told me she had a ride, but let’s just say her friend had consumed a little too much al-cool-hol.”

I like Carlos. He’s the Deejay at the club. We’ve gotten to know him pretty well. He has taken us up to his booth many times and plays our requests on demand. Maddy always has fun flirting with him. Sometimes he flirts back, but it’s cool with me because it’s all done in fun. This isn’t the first time he’s given one or both of us a ride home. The evening is coming back into focus now. Maddy and I had gone to the club and I had left before midnight because of work tomorrow... uh, make that today. Maddy has today off and was having a good time with our friends, so she stayed. She told me she had a ride.

“Right on man. Thanks.” I reply. 

Maddy flicks on the bedside light. “Holy shit, Mad, what are you doing?” I protest, angrily turning away from the bright invasion, eyes squeezed shut, almost rolling onto the floor. 

“I’m just... trying to get into bed,” she chirps. There is the sound of clothing being removed, the covers are lifted for a second and then suddenly a body is nestled against me. Maddy’s naked body! I can tell because it’s all skin on skin and her nipples are like two cold pebbles against my back.

“Wha...” I mutter, turning towards her and discovering her grinning face. “Wait a minute,” I add, raising my blinking eyes to Carlos, “did you just see my girlfriend naked?”

“I... uh... I don’t think I’ll answer that on the grounds it might incriminate me,” he laughs, giving me a helpless, what-could-I-do look. “Well... actually on the grounds it might incriminate her.” He points at Maddy.

What the hell is going on? Carlos has invaded our bedroom and seems in no hurry to leave. Maddy is laying smugly beside me with her eyes closed, as if she is trying to go to sleep. Yeah, right! I give my head a shake. I’m wide awake now and suddenly wonder if Maddy has set this up, inviting Carlos in and intentionally stripping her clothes off in front of him. She has always said she’d be too freaked to do a threesome. Maybe the booze has eased her inhibitions.

“Uh, guess it’s time I said goodnight,” Carlos says, sensing a moment of awkwardness, turning for the door.

“No,” I blurt out on impulse. “No Carlos, not just yet. I think Maddy wants a goodnight kiss from you first.”

“Uh, okay...” He tentatively places a hand on the bed, leans over and gives Maddy a kiss on the cheek with his Latino lips. Her eyes flicker open, then close. She smiles. “Goodnight Maddy-girl,” he purrs.

“No, no,” I say as he starts to straighten up. “I think Maddy wants a better goodnight kiss than that. I want to see a nice lips-on-lips kiss, and a little tongue.” I give Carlos the thumbs-up sign. His eyebrows rise.

“Okay,” he replies, shrugging his shoulders and leaning over again. Maddy glances at me and sees me nod just before Carlos’ lips meet hers. He’s definitely willing to play this game, nibbling and biting her lips until they part and her tongue flicks out. Their lips grind together. It’s a damn good kiss, I have to admit. I decide to push things a little further. Maddy’s body flinches as I slide my hand up her ribs and onto her bare breast. While their tongues are still sparring I gently tweeze her taut nipple. Maddy pulls away from Carlos’ hungry kiss, her mouth sucking in air.

“Ooooooooh shit!” she moans, eyes squeezed shut, body arching, “That’s uh... that’s uh....” She can’t seem to find the right words.

“Much better Carlos,” I observe. “I think Maddy is trying to say she wants another kiss. And while you’re at it, maybe you can help me out on the other side,” I add, nodding at my hand under the quilt.

I think Carlos has been hoping for something like this from the moment he invaded our bedroom. “Okay bro. Whatever you say.” He returns the thumbs-up sign to me, then slides his hand under the covers and leans over for the next kiss.

Maddy’s petite, naked body trembles as Carlos’ fingers glide onto her other breast and find her nipple. Her deep groan of delight is muffled by his lips on hers. She boldly reaches up and grabs the back of his head. Now their kiss is torrid. It looks like they are trying to chew each other’s tongues off. I squeeze the stiff nipple between my thumb and forefinger a little harder. Another muffled moan. I’m suddenly wondering what it would be like to actually watch Carlos shove his dick into my girlfriend. The thought is so arousing it feels like an artery has popped in my cock, inflating it in a matter of seconds.

“Carlos! Help me out!” I say as I sit up and push the covers down to Maddy’s slim waist, exposing her pretty breasts and our fingers teasing her stiff nipples. He pulls his mouth away from Maddy’s urgent lips and glances at me. “I think her tits want a goodnight kiss too,” I explain. He gets the idea right away. 

“Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...” Maddy sounds as if she’s been mortally wounded as two male mouths latch onto her twin peaks, suckling hungrily. She grabs my hair and pulls me to her chest. I have no doubt Carlos is getting the same treatment. I’m suddenly aware that Carlos and I are both caressing her quivering belly. It’s strange to feel another man’s fingers there, going for the same target mine are, moving lower, sliding under the bed cover. Maddy’s grip on my hair is getting tighter.

“Oh my Gawd...!” Maddy squawks breathlessly as our hands slide onto the curve of her inner thighs, grazing her crotch. She draws up her knees and opens her legs, showing us her willingness to be touched. Obligingly, Carlos’ fingers join mine gliding up and down her pussy lips. He grunts, probably at the discovery that she is shaved and smooth. Maddy groans and shudders as two sets of fingertips duel their way into her wet hollow and begin spreading her warm, slick juice over her lips and up onto her clit.

We’re suddenly all breathing hard. Maddy is trying to fuck our fingers.

“Okay!” I gasp, giving Maddy’s swollen, rosy nipple a last nibble. “Carlos, why don’t you lose those clothes. That’s what you want, isn’t it Maddy? You want me to watch Carlos fuck you, don’t you?” I kiss her before she can answer. She tries to eat my face off. Carlos stands up to strip.

“Come on, say it,” I prompt, still stroking her pussy, whispering in her ear. “Say, ‘I want you to watch Carlos fuck me.’”

“I want...” she gasps.

“Come on, say it,” I urge, gently caressing her tummy and then her breasts with wet fingers. “Tell me what you want.”

“I want you to watch... Carlos fuck me!” Maddy’s body quakes under my touch as she says these words. I’ve never seen her this turned on. And I’ve never, at least not in real life, seen such a big, brown cock, fully erect in all it’s curved glory, like the one that just jumped out of Carlos’ pants. Jesus! What have I gotten us, I mean Maddy, into!

“First...” I say, pausing as I scramble behind Maddy into sitting postion and pull her to me so she is leaning against my chest and rigid cock. She is trying desperately to turn her head and kiss me. “First, I want to watch Carlos fuck your pussy with his tongue.”

I lay my hands on the sides of Maddy’s head and turn her towards Carlos who has eagerly taken position at the foot of the bed. He’s a sight allright! Lean, brown and naked, licking his grinning lips and fondling his brown monster.

“Ohmigod...” Maddy gasps when she sees him. To hold her still I grab her wrists and tuck them behind her back. She makes me grunt by grabbing my cock and squeezing hard.

“Pull off the covers, Carlos, and have a good look!”

The quilt flies off the bed. Carlos quickly seizes Maddy’s slender ankles, lifting and spreading her legs. She is trapped in our grasp, not able to move or hide, although she’s certainly not trying to escape. If Carlos ever wondered what Maddy’s pussy looked like, he now knows, because there is nothing hidden from his view. He looks like he is about to drool, eyes focused on the pouty lips of her shaved cunt.

“Start kissing her feet and work your way up to that nice juicy treat, bro. But keep things nice and slow. She likes to be teased,” I say, blowing on the back of Maddy’s neck.

Carlos wastes no time. Maddy moans and tenses as he begins kissing her toes. I can tell he’s a masterful lover by the rhythm of his movements and the way his tongue patiently explores. This is going to be fun to watch! Maddy’s legs are already squirming from the pleasure. She’s trying to free her hands, but I grip them tighter. Her nipples look like they’re about to pop off her jiggling breasts.

While he works his way up, my tongue and teeth play games on her shoulders and up and down her neck. Her body trembles with one shivery quake after another, head thrown back, mouth open, panting. Her groans become louder and more desperate the higher Carlos licks and kisses. He is nearing pay dirt now. “Okay honey,” I instruct, “Say ‘please Carlos, fuck me with your tongue!’”

“Please Carlos...” she moans obediently, eyes clenched, “Fuck me... with your tongue!” I nibble on her neck as I watch Carlos move his hands to the insides of her thighs, pushing her apart. Her legs are shivering with anticipation. He leans in and kisses her pussy. 

“Oh fuck!” she cries, feeling his lips graze her tender skin.

“Such beauty deserves kisses first,” Carlos whispers, kissing her moist folds again. Ah, he really is a master! He slides his hands under her ass cheeks, lifts her and kisses her again, flicking his tongue across her pink petals. I swear Maddy is going to melt into his mouth. I’m so entralled by Carlos’ performance I’ve forgotten to keep up. I wait for his next move, ready to give her neck another tongue lashing.

This time he dives right in. Maddy’s cries out and her body goes beserk with pleasure. She squeezes my cock so hard I think it might break off. Somehow I maintain my grip on her wrists, biting her neck while Carlos snakes his tongue in and out of her eager cunt.

“Say, ‘yes Carlos, that’s it Carlos!’” I murmur in her ear.

“Yesssssss Carlos!” she moans loudly, inhibitions gone. “Oh... ohhh... yesss, that’s it... Carlos!” She’s humping his mouth as his broad tongue washes up and down over her clit, then tries to hold her shaking body still when his tongue does a wiggly dance over her swollen nub.

“Sweet!” Carlos mumbles as he slurps her pouty lips into his mouth. He suckles them like he’s cleaning sauce off a barbecued rib. “You taste so sweet!” His nose buries into her and comes out dripping wet. “And smell so delicious!” His fingers pry apart her lips so his tongue can get at the rosy pinkness inside her.

I let go of Maddy’s hands and cup her quivering breasts, caressing them, gently squeezing them, tweezing her nipples. I reach up and graze my fingers over her wide open mouth, frozen in a silent scream of pleasure, and dip my tongue in her ear.

“Uhhh... uh... uh... uh... uh... ” she chants as the two wet probes lash her. “Uhh... fuck!” Her body tenses. Carlos and I both realize she is about to cum and we pull away.

Maddy gasps in wordless protest.

“Say, ‘I want you to watch Carlos fuck me!’” I prompt.

“Oooooohh...!” Her voice is ragged, breathless. “I want... you and Carlos... to fuck me!”

I’m not about to correct her mistaken words. “Pull her to you Carlos,” I say. He may as well go first after getting her all juiced up. I hold her wrists as he drags her by the ankles towards his waiting dick at the end of the bed.

Once she is stretched out, I kneel up so my cock is hovering over her face. Her tongue and lips immediately attack my balls. She gently suckles my sack into her mouth, then lets out a muffled moan as Carlos nudges his large knob between her pussy lips.

It is quite a sight, I have to admit, having a close-up view another man’s thick dick about to fuck Maddy’s pretty pussy. Carlos doesn’t shove it right in, but slides his head up and down her furrow, teasing her, coating his taut cum-hole with her slippery wetness.

Maddy is grunting. Looking down I can tell she’s trying to get my cock in her mouth, arching her head back, throat wide open. I’m happy to oblige, tilting my pelvis and guiding my aching dong to her heavenly suction.

Oh Jesus that’s fine! Her warm mouth latches onto me with abandon. She lets out a wild moan as Carlos finally pushes inside her. Two dicks! Fucking her! I know she’s always wondered what it would be like. Now she knows. Carlos is holding her legs straight up, starting to thrust, eyes closed in pleasure. I let go of her wrists and start caressing her belly as I pump her mouth. Hell, it’s too late to be shy! I reach down and start teasing her wet clit, touching Carlos’ dick as it slides past my fingertips. 

Strange, wonderful, bizarre... a jumble of words flash through my mind. Carlos is chanting, “Ohh yeahhh... oh yeahhh... oh yeahhh” as he thrusts faster. I can feel Maddy’s body tensing, her mouth groaning around my purple piston. All of us realize we are all about to cum, at the same time. There’s no holding back. I can feel the launch inside me building, growing, about to rip me apart. Maddy’s fingernails dig into my ass as her body lurches, Carlos’ twisted mouth screams “ohhhhhhh!” and everything inside me ignites. Like two matadors is a strange bullfight, Carlos and I both reel backwards, maybe afraid of banging our heads together. Our dicks pop out of Maddy still gushing, shooting cum at each other and all over Maddy’s breasts and belly.

My eyes flicker open.

Oh Jesus, what the fuck is that noise? Am I dreaming? A door closes. Is that Maddy? Christ it is! That’s her giggle. The LED display on the bedside alarm beams 3:10 into my squinting eyes.

There is the sound of a male voice. Who the hell is that? I start to roll over as I hear someone enter the bedroom.

“Hey baby, is that you?” I grunt.

“Yep, it’s me,” Maddy answers. I feel her weight on the bed. Her hands are groping for me. “Where the hell are you,” she adds with a laugh.

“I’m right...” My words are cut off by her quick, wet kiss. What the hell? “Right here... trying to get some sleep because I gotta work in the morning,” I finish sarcastically once my mouth is free. She knows how much I value my slumber during the week.

“Hey man, don’t I always promise to get her home safe.” 

Holy shit! There’s a man in our bedroom! “Is that you Carlos?” I mumble, realizing my cock has been as hard as a rock since I woke up. “Hey man, I’m glad you’re here,” I add.

THE END