 This story is completely fictional and for entertainment purposes only.




I had been married to Jenna for five years. Our sixth anniversary was coming up in less than a month and we were both looking forward to it. I was 33 at the time, Jenna was 31. Our marriage was pleasant and happy, with only the occasional argument which we were both eager and logical to fix. We both saw a great, long future for us with everything going as planned. That was, of course, until everything seemed to come crashing down.

"We should have a baby," Jenna said suddenly as we laid in bed reading.

"Oh yeah?" I responded.

"Yeah," Jenna continued, "We've been married for almost six years, I just think it's time."

I had always known I wanted children and shared her feelings that now might be the time, but I had never given it much thought. I looked her in the eyes and saw the sincerity and love that had always been there for the last eight years.

"Ok, let's do it," I answered after pausing to think about it.

Jenna's face lit up with delight. I always loved seeing her happy and it still aroused a strong love from deep inside my soul. She hugged me and kissed me, it felt as affectionate and loving as the kiss after we both said our vows. We made love that night, as we did many nights, and went to sleep with both of us dreaming of our future child together.

We had far from a sexless marriage. We were both still able to keep the spark and passion alive with each other and made efforts to keep it from dying. We had always used condoms instead of the pill or the shot, so luckily we were able to start trying immediately. In our younger days, we had both experimented sexually. Jenna was bi and had often played with other women. We both had threesomes with two women and two men, both as a couple and before we were together. Over the years, we slowed down and didn't get as crazy as we used to, but we were both more than pleased. Jenna had a friend who was also bi and she would occasionally invite her into our bedroom, but only for special occasions. Our fantasies had been lived out and we had no regrets.

The next morning we set up a doctors appointment just to check and make sure we were both able to have children. The next available time slot was the Wednesday of the next week and while we waited we continued to try as often as possible. I grew to love the feel of bareback and soon decided that no matter what I wasn't going back to using condoms.

The following Wednesday finally came. Sadly, we had to forgo our new tradition of fooling around before leaving for work as we didn't want cum oozing from Jenna's pussy when the doctor took a look at it. The appointment was at 9:30 and we both had trouble keeping our hands off each other while we waited to go. We went through all the tests and we told to come back on Friday to go over the results. We were both excited and hoping to have our child sooner rather than later. 

"What do you think they're going to say?" Jenna asked on the drive home.

"I'm sure that they'll say everything is great and you'll be pregnant before our anniversary," I quickly answered.

"But what if they don't?" Jenna inquired in a worried tone, "What if there is a problem?"

"Trust me," I said as I had started so many sentences in our marriage, "They won't."

She squeezed my hand and smiled at me. I smiled back briefly before I looked back at the road. As soon as we got inside I threw her down on the couch, my sex drive now set to fuck her in the morning like clockwork. She screamed and laughed as she fell onto the couch. I quickly lifted my shirt over my head as she backed away on the couch. I grabbed her by the leg and pulled her back to the edge. I flipped her onto her stomach and bent her over the arm of the couch.

"Oh! Please, don't!" She said jokingly with a laugh

"Don't act like you haven't been asking for it!" I snapped back with a lighthearted laugh.

I flipped her skirt up and yanked her panties down her legs, exposing her bare pussy and ass. I was already rock hard and quickly lowered my pants. My cock tented my boxers before I pulled them down as well. Jenna wiggled her tight ass at me and looked back with a sexy smile. She knew it excited me even more and wanted me to take her.

"Oh, John, I've been a baaaaaaad girl," She said with a sultry tone.

"Yes you have," I agreed, trying to sound semi-serious, "You deserve some punishment"

I gave her a firm slap on her ass as I lined my cock up with her pussy. I pushed it forward and felt her slit around my shaft as I rubbed my cock along the outside of her wet pussy. She moaned and thrust against me, sliding it faster around her mound. I spanked her ass again as I began to push my cock into her dripping wet pussy. I slowly pushed in, still new to the bareback feel and loving every second of it. Her pussy enveloped my shaft and her juices oozed around it. I thrust faster and harder while groping her ass and spanking her.

"Oh God yes," She moaned loudly, "Yes, yes, yes! Fuck me John!"

"You like that don't you?" I said as my cock pounded her pussy, "You like my cock inside you? You want me to give you all my cum?"

"Yes, yes, fuck yes, give me all you cum!" She screamed as she began to cum.

I kept pounding her pussy roughly as I spanked her ass. I could feel her pussy clinch around my shaft and head, her juices flowing around my shaft. Soon I could feel myself cumming as well. We both moaned and called out to each other as we came together. I shot my cum deep inside of her as she peaked and screamed my name. She pushed back against me to get me deeper and deeper, harder and harder. Our juices oozed out of her stretched pussy lips around my hard cock. I kept thrusting as my cock twitched and shot more and more cum into her pussy. Sweat ran down my head and dripped onto her back as we both finished. I stayed inside her as we took a second to catch our breaths before slowly pulling out and watching my cum drip down her leg.

"That was wonderful," Jenna said, "I love you cumming inside of me."

"I do to," I replied, "I never want to stop."

"Trust me, I'll never let you stop," She said looking back and me and smiling.

I smiled back before pulling my pants up and pulling Jenna off the couch. We spent the rest of the day together discussing our future child. Before bed we made love again, both of us going to sleep with smiles on our faces.

Friday came fast. We made love that morning, excited to hear what the doctor said. The appointment was late and at 2:30pm we left the house. We got to the doctor and were escorted into his office.

"Good morning," the doctor said, "Thanks for coming in this morning."

"Thank you for having us," I replied.

"Well," the doctor started in an ominous tone, "I have some bad news."

As soon as he said that Jenna squeezed my hand. We both gasped and were unable to breathe for what felt like an eternity. The air felt dense and I began to sweat. Our minds raced in the brief couple seconds we waited to hear the news.

"John," the doctor continued as my heart skipped a beat, "You are infertile."

The words seemed to hang in the air. All I had wanted had just been sucked out of my soul. A nice, peaceful, happy morning had suddenly become the worst morning of my life. I didn't know what to do. Jenna just cried, unable to speak. I was unable to breathe. 

The doctor passed Jenna some tissues and started going on about how he knew the news was hard to take. He went over the exact results and what they meant and explained our options. Sadly, according to him my sperm was fucked. It was as useless in a condom as it was in Jenna's sweet, fertile pussy. There was no hope. I would never be able to have children. Jenna and I cried in the doctor's office. Our dreams dashed against the rocks in less than one hour. What were we to do next?

We didn't talk on the way home. When we went inside I tried to grab Jenna by the waist and get some passion in this extra shitty day. Jenna rebuffed my advances without a word and went into the bedroom alone to cry. I sat on the couch and cried myself. I sat their and did nothing but watch TV and wonder what the hell we were going to do next.

Jenna came out of the bedroom around 6pm, her makeup smeared and her eyes puffy and red. She sat next to me and looked into my eyes with tears in her eyes.

"Well," she said through her sobs, "What do we do now?"

"I don't know," I managed to choke out through my tears.

"It's your sperm that's a problem, you need to think of something!" She suddenly screamed.

I was shocked by her sudden anger but did my best to subdue my anger from it.

"I know, I will, I promise," I stammered.

"You never know what to do! I hate you!"

In five years of marriage those words had never come out even in our most heated arguments. I was unable to hold back my anger now.

"I always solve everything!" I yelled, "Just give me some time!"

"Fuck you!"

That was it. I couldn't sit there anymore and deal with this. I glared at her, tears running down both our cheeks. I stood up and quickly walked to the door. Jenna didn't move or say anything to stop me. I got in the car and called my best friend Colin to talk to him. We met at a bar and had some beers while I told him about what had happened. The beer brought out my talkative side and I told him all about the last couple weeks.

"Well," Colin said plainly, "You could always have someone else do it for you."

He meant it in good intention but in my state I just became enraged. I quickly stood up, knocking over my barstool. 

"What the fuck!" I suddenly exclaimed, "Are you talking about fucking my wife!"

"No, no, no," Colin explained, obviously scared and surprised at my reaction, "Not me, just, I dunno, somebody."

"Oh, and then what, raise another man's kid!"

"John, calm down, I didn't mean any offense."

"Fuck you! I should have known you always wanted to fuck Jenna!"

The emotions of the day and the beer had made a terrible mix in my mind. In just a couple hours I had yelled at my loving wife and my best friend. I threw some money on the bar and stormed out the door. I got in my car and drove home, not sure what would be waiting for me.

I was relieved to pull into the drive and not see all my stuff thrown into the yard. I walked to the door and saw a note Jenna left for me.

"There's a pillow and a blanket on the couch. DO NOT come into the bedroom!" The note read.

I frowned at the note before walking inside and sulking into the living room. I curled up on the couch and decided to watch TV before going to sleep. I laid there awake and slightly buzzed. I couldn't focus on whatever bullshit movie was on the TV and was soon thinking about what Colin had said. Maybe that would work, maybe I could live with it. How to find a guy though? I couldn't have a friend do it, I'd know who it was and it could ruin our friendship. I couldn't have strangers do it either, too risky and I knew Jenna couldn't do it. So what do I do?

"What about a group?" I said, thinking out loud.

It was like the quintessential lightbulb turned on over my head. It made so much sense. I would get 5 or 6 of my friends to come over and fool around with Jenna. I'd also participate and we'd all dump our cum inside of her. That way, when the baby was born, nobody would know who's it was and I would take full responsibility for it. I got so excited by the thought that I had to masturbate, especially since apparently that's all my seed is good for. All I had to do was figure out how to get Jenna to do it.

I woke up that Saturday morning to Jenna sitting by my feet on the couch. She gently rubbed my leg and looked at me with tired, haggard eyes.

"We need to talk," Jenna said calmly.

"Yes we do," I meekly replied.

"I'm sorry," Jenna continued, "I shouldn't have said the things I said."

"It's okay," I said as I sat up and put my hand on her thigh, "Yesterday was emotional for both of us."

"Yes, yes it was," Jenna agreed, "I was just so excited about us having a family together and I thought that we were finally going to be a real family."

"I know, me too."

"Now what do we do? Will we ever be a real family?"

"I hope so," I said, not sure whether to bring up my idea from last night.

We stared at each other in silence for a few seconds until Jenna slowly laid down on top of me. She laid her head down on my chest and I stroked her hair. I still loved her, but I could tell there was a tenseness between us. An uncertainty that we had never felt before. It was the worst I had ever felt in our long relationship. I knew I had to do something.

"Baby," I said quietly, "What if there was a way we could still have a baby?"

Jenna looked at me questioningly. We had been over the options at the doctor's the day before, but none of them seemed to interest us.

"What if we got someone else to impregnate you?" I blurted out, slightly more excited than I expected to be.

"What?" Jenna asked in an unsure tone.

"Well, I was thinking," I continued, "I want to raise a child with you, but obviously I can't have one. I was thinking last night about how we could do it."

"Okaaaay"

"Well, I don't want it to be a stranger, that'd just be weird. I also don't want it to be a friend of ours because then I'd get jealous and I'm not sure I could deal with it."

"So what are you saying?"

"Well," I said nervously clearing my throat, "What if we, um, had a few people that we know, um, help out a little bit."

"What do you mean?"

"What if we got some of my friends and I guess some of yours to come over and get you pregnant?"

She stared at me for a few seconds but it felt like forever. I had no idea how my idea would be taken by her. I felt my cock begin to grow under the blanket at the anticipation of her answer. 

"You mean, like a gangbang?" She asked in a tone that was an odd mix of questioning with a tinge of excitement.

"Yeah, I guess so."

"You'd be okay with that?"

"I don't know, I just thought of it last night, and honestly I thought it would work."

"Does it turn you on?"

The frankness of her question surprised me. I didn't expect the conversation to go in that direction. I just looked at her with my mouth agape.

"I guess it does," she answered as she rubbed her hand up against my stiffening cock, "Do you want to see me take cock after cock and get filled up with loads of cum?"

I was in shock. Was she getting as turned on as me by the idea? Was this really happening? Her hand stroked my cock through the blanket. She pulled it down and revealed my tented boxers. She looked up at me and smiled.

"It's okay," she said, "I like it too."

She put her hand down my boxers and began to stroke my bare shaft. She leaned down and licked the head of my cock, teasing it with her tongue. Her mouth enveloped my shaft, her tongue expertly wrapping around my head. She began to go faster and faster up and down my cock with her mouth. I watched as her lips parted around my thickness. She took it out of her mouth and continued to stroke as she began to lick my sack.

"Oh yes baby, oh yes, I love it."

"Mmmhmmm"

She kept stroking but raised her head away from my crotch. She stood up and slowly removed her shirt and panties. She looked down on me, her wonderful tits almost obscuring her face from my view. The small sliver of morning light from the blinds accentuated her pussy and the small tuft of pubic hair just above it. I guided her down on top of me as she lined up my hard cock with her wet pussy. I felt her wetness as she lowered herself down onto my stiff member, slowly taking it all.

"Ooooooohhhhhhh," She moaned.

I watched her breasts as she began to bounce up and down on my shaft. Her pussy clinched my penis as she quickly began to cum. I felt her juices ooze around her pussy lips and down my shaft and she rode my cock. She bounced faster and faster as her orgasm reached its peak. I imagined watching as she bounced on Colin's cock. I imagined seeing her ride him while sucking off another friend of mine. I imagined a line of guys behind her, each of them watching, stroking, waiting. The fantasy was too much for me and I quickly came, shooting my cum deep inside of her. The cum oozed from her and onto my cock as she lifted herself off my cock. She immediately fingered herself and licked my cum off her fingers. 

"That was amazing," I said panting.

"Yeah it was," She agreed, "Were you thinking about a gangbang too?"

I nodded in agreement. We hugged each other and felt closer to each other than we ever had. I couldn't believe that this was going to happen. I just had to figure out how to make it happen. Over the rest of the weekend we discussed every aspect of what we were going to do. 

"So who do you see in this?" Jenna asked me.

"I haven't thought about it much," I answered, "I think Colin has wanted to fuck you for awhile."

"Oooooh, really!?" She replied, a little more excited than I expected, "I bet he's got a huge cock!"

"Haha, I can't say I've ever seen it."

"His ex told me he's at least 9 inches, though I haven't seen it."

The thought of that big of a cock penetrating my Jenna excited me more. I was a solid 8 inches, and the thought of someone even bigger was a major turn on.

"Who else?" Jenna asked.

"Well, maybe Greg?" I said questioningly, "Possibly James."

Greg and James were two brothers I had known since college. They were both married and I didn't think they were cheaters, but I knew for a fact that they had tag teamed a couple of girls in college.

"Oh yeah, that'd be hot," Jenna replied in a sultry tone.

"How many guys do you want?" I asked.

"Enough to get the job done," She replied.

"Well, let's get Colin, Greg, James, Marshall, Henry, and myself."

Marshall and Henry were friends of mine from work. They were both single, pretty good looking, and I assumed would be up for something like this.

"Ooooooh yeah," Jenna moaned as she spoke, "I want all of them."

I was a little jealous of my wife talking about my friends like this, but I was also unbelievably excited. We spent the rest of the weekend discussing how to get everyone involved and setting up a perfect time for it. We decided that the following Saturday was best. We didn't want to give us or any of the guys too much time to reconsider and back out. We also wanted to do it as soon as possible because the idea excited both of us too much to wait for.

Monday came and I went to work in the morning. The whole time over breakfast Jenna hounded me on asking Marshall and Henry. I told her I would and left for the office. Around 12 I asked Henry and Marshall if they wanted to grab lunch. We went to a local chain place and managed to get a secluded booth in the back. I was nervous, but managed to work up the balls to explain our whole situation. They listened intently as I went over all the pertinent details.

"So, we made a decision on what to do," I continued as the watching intently.

I took a deep breath as I paused and then continued.

"We decided that we need someone else to get Jenna pregnant," I said as their eyes perked up, "We're going to have a party with a few other guys this Saturday and we want everyone to fuck her and cum inside her."

The silence after my last line was deafening. Henry and Marshall stared at me blankly for a couple seconds.

"You're fucking shitting me!" Henry exclaimed.

"No way, no way!" Marshall concurred.

"I'm serious. We want a child and I don't want it to be a stranger's and I don't want to be jealous of a friend. This is how we decided is the best way." I replied.

"Well I'm definitely in!" Said Marshall excitedly, "I've wanted to fuck her for awhile!"

I gave him a dirty look even though his comment excited me. He responded by simply smiling and shrugging his shoulders.
