 After four exciting years of sex research and experiments, my book, "Encyclopedia of Unusual Sex Practices", was finally out. Then, six months later a German publisher invited me to promo tour of my book and I was excited. I packed my suitcase and off to Germany.

After a few radio interviews a TV Sex station invited me for an interview. The time was set for 3pm on Wednesday afternoon and that gave me two days to prepare myself.

On Tuesday a telephone call from the TV station confirmed the interview and I find out to my pleasant surprise, that there will be members of my book's fan club as the only audience.

The next day I arrived to the TV station at 1pm and had a little talk with the show's host. He was a fast talker and in between the conversation I learned that the audience will be nude. That was not a shock, the Germans are known with their "Frei korper kulture", yet I thought it was little unusual. Well, so is my book, so what! After make-up, the show started. It was planned for twenty minutes and I was told that after that I will be signing my book for the guests, there was no rush to leave the studio since there was no other show scheduled that day.

I heard the host announcing my name and stepped in the lights. I expected the audience to be naked, but it surprised me to see the host naked too. Well, it felt little strange to be dressed up in a room full of naked men; only the camera crew had shorts and t-shirts on. The host introduced my book and his first question: "Brenda, don't you think it would be fair to your audience to be naked also?"

I laughed and the men started applauding and screaming: "Please, please, please..."

I didn't want to appear as a prude, so I took off my blouse, my skirt but left my panties on. I don't wear bras, so there was no dilemma with that. It was a relaxing and pleasant talk and twenty minutes flew by quickly.

The host finished and told the audience to stay for book signing and some more questions. I started to sign my book and asked each man for his name, so I could personalize the inscription. Each man also stood by me, while I was signing his book and had a picture taken of naked him, standing next to topless me.

The first guy took my book and shook my hand. But the second guy stuck his penis in my hand, instead of handshake, I thought it was funny and shook his penis. From that on, all men wanted me to shake their penises. It got me a little excited, some penises I shook few seconds longer, and when one guy stood in front of me with a flower inserted inside of his urethra, I pulled the flower out of his erected penis, leaned forward and gave his a kiss on top of his swollen gland. The smooth top of his cock felt good on my lips, but I didn't expect his sudden move forward and his penis slid in my mouth. I reacted by biting him lightly, to stop his penis going deeper in my mouth and in a split of a second I changed my mind and took him deep in my throat. He stopped moving, so I moved my head forward and gave him few strokes in and out of my mouth.

The guys loved it and as I started to sign my books again, I noticed that the guys waiting in line were stroking their cocks. By then I was really excited and tried not to show it.

I signed 42 books and was ready for more questions. Well, during the interview I mentioned that I had my inner labia tattooed as a part of research for my book and few guys asked me to show them my tattoo. I was excited, shaking all the penises, so after some persuasion, I took off my panties, sat on top of desk ,leaned back ,spread my legs open and pulled my labia apart. The men crowded around me and looked at my tattoo. I noticed lot of erections around me and felt that my pussy is getting very moist and it didn't escape attention of the men. One of them touched my labia with his finger and acting on impulse, I reached out and took one penis in my hand, kissed him and took him deep in my mouth. When I am aroused, I always loose my control and this time it was not different.

Few seconds after I took the penis in my mouth, I felt someone penetrating my pussy and when I looked down, I saw the enormous cock of the host pushing his purple head in my pussy.

Suddenly, I had cocks all over, and in my ecstasy, I heard the host asking the men to form a line and get their turns first in my mouth and then in my pussy. The whole thing was so sexy, vulgar, and raw and I felt great. So many hands all over my body, penises pounding my pussy, stretching my mouth, I didn't care for anything, just enjoying endless orgasm so many cocks brought me to.

Time to time I stopped sucking and lifted my head when I felt more pressure in my crotch and watched a huge penis sliding inside and out of me and each thrust made me to moan in sweet pain.

I noticed some men shot their loads inside of me, I had to swallow quite a few, and some guys just ejaculated on my breast and stomach. Some of the TV crew joined in, too. My pubic hair soaked in cum, I just didn't care.

It took two and half beautiful hours of penises taking turn in my mouth and cunt, before I was taken to bathroom and had some guys soap me and wash me clean. When we returned to the studio, I sat in a chair with my legs spread and let some guys to shave my pubic hair. I don't like to be shaved, but this time, I didn't mind.

It was very stimulating and more then half of the guys lined up to penetrate my bare pussy again. I watched the cocks spreading my labia and sliding inside of me and the sight, unobstructed by pubic hair, was great. Somehow, like never before, I liked my shaved look and better view of the penetrations. Also the cum shots were more exciting to see.

It was another thirty minutes, before I dressed and left.

Next day, Ralph the host called and told me that the interview will show on Friday at midnight.

I did some shopping and had some fun time in Munich, especially having lunch in Marriens Platz and it was quite nice when my waiter recognized me. He was from the TV audience. After lunch, he invited me to meet his boss, who later drove me around town and then to my hotel. He came up to my room, I gave him a copy of my book and he insisted on taking picture of me and glued it in the book. While he ran to his car to get the camera, I wanted to surprise him, so I stripped naked. Big mistake, because he came back with another man (never found out who he was) and when they saw me naked, he took it as invitation for some fun and wanted pictures of him and me, having sex. I was still sore from the TV interview, but he pulled out his penis, didn't even take his pants off and asked his friend to start to take pictures. First I sucked him a little; his cock was quite big, thick and about 9+ inches. He was good in choosing the angle for the camera, but after while oral sex wasn't enough for him, so he sat me on top of table, took off his jacket and pushed his cock really hard against my pussy. It hurt and he complained about my pussy being too tight for him.

His friend insisted on taking his turn, so they switched, the boss behind camera, his friends first in my mouth and then pussy. He was smaller and it felt good in my sore cunt. The boss called room service and ordered some drinks, and then he kept snapping pictures.

Then they switched again, this time he managed do get his cock inside and after moment, I felt he was shooting his cum inside of my cunt. It eased the pressure and his cock actually felt great from then on. He didn't get soft and kept pumping my pussy, when the room service arrived.

The waiter was shocked to see us, but boss' friend gave him the camera and joined us by sticking his cock in my face.

The waiter took some pictures and when we finished, both guys very "generously" offered the waiter to fuck me.

I was so horny, I didn't object and poor waiter shot off his load in 2 minutes and left.

I was still sore, so I declined a dinner invitation from my new friends.

I was sure, it would end in another sex orgy, and didn't feel like being a fuck toy for their friends. I didn't expect so much action in Munich, it just took me by surprise and I enjoyed it all very much. On Friday, I invited two of my German friends and my German publisher to watch the show with me.

At 11:30 I called room service for some drinks and refreshment and since the employees already knew me (the waiter talked), I invited them to watch the show with us. Two guys from front desk and two from room service showed up and just before the show started, I told them that it was done in nude, all twenty minutes of it.

It started with shot of the host sitting behind desk, introducing the naked audience and me.

When the show came to the point where I took my dress off, I got few whistles from the guys in my room. So the show went on. After twenty minutes I started to get a little nervous because they started to show the book signing. I hoped that they were going to show just short part, I didn't know that the cameras were on, when I was signing the books.

I found out they were on all the time, and when I saw nice close-up of the guy with flower inside of his dick, me taking it out and kissing him, I was embarrassed. The show kept going and there I was, showing off my tattoo, sucking penises, being fucked every possible way by more then forty horny guys.

I didn't know what to say, and at the moment I felt someone's hands on my breast, pulling me gently down on my back. I wanted to get up, but the guys from front desk held me down and pulled my blouse off. My friends joined in and my skirt came off, and I knew what was coming. I was getting excited again and before long, I had seven naked guys raping me, fondling me and I wanted more.

I don't know who got on the house phone, but there were more guys cumming in the room and inside of me, too. Somebody brought a Polaroid and started to take pictures for everyone.

I was being raped and loving it.

I will never understood, why I always loose my control when I kiss a cock. So it went on till 5am, I had no idea, who and how many hotel employees took turn on me and I didn't care. It was too good to stop. At 5:30, I finally took shower, packed my suitcase and at 7am I took a cab to airport and left Germany for home. It was a great experience, I was sorry that I couldn't have it in my book. But the good news: My book in Germany sold well and I got unedited video tape of my interview. All three hours of it and when I look at it sometimes, I can't believe that I did it. Well, time for another book, I guess. :o)