 I wanted to call this “Brian’s Dong” but Dennis said that would have been far too facetious. I’m not the English Teacher that Dennis is.

Anyway Denny asked me to write this stuff down like he did and post it on his page because like he tells me, we were all connected and still are. It was cool how we all came to live together like we did in 1986. We had a big house and we all had jobs or went to school, but mostly what we did was fuck. You gotta think this was the sickest household in the Midwest (especially after my own Grandmother got involved) but fuck it. That’s the way it happened and that’s the way I’ll tell it.

I figure I should tell my story from back a few years. To give it perspective, I guess. Thanks Denny for editing this mess. A writer I ain’t.

Sorry if there’s not enough fucking here, and that there's some guy/guy stuff in the beginning but life isn’t one long orgy. Other stuff happens that leads up to the sex and makes it all make sense. Here goes.



**

I wasn’t ‘turned’ into a bisexual by anyone in particular; it was a gradual thing. I played the regular games with boys my age in the neighborhood. We all got something out of it. It was just jacking off and experimenting with sucking. It was no big hairy deal.

When I got to high school, things changed. I put on about twenty pounds and about six inches in height. My dick got bigger too. And I fell in love with it. The thought of someone touching it with their hands or their lips or pussies drove me insane. If someone wasn’t around to do this for me I did it for myself. I was huge on masturbation. I was cock-centric. In other words puberty was good to me, man. Or lady.

I had messed around with a few chicks through Junior High and I did okay. Never got laid, but I got sucked off once and jacked off a bunch of times by girls and I was able to taste my first pussy, even if it was licked off my own fingers. I had about five steadies through my last two years of high school. Only one of them actually let me fuck them. That was cool, let me tell you and worth waiting for. 

Me and Marie did almost everything together; sucking and fucking in lots of different positions. Everything but taking it up the ass. Neither of us wanted any of that action.

I played a few sports but I was no king fucking jock. I got good grades so I could get into a school that way. I guess my real story starts with a weekend trip to the 1982 State Regional basketball finals. (I’m not going to tell you what state, and all the names I use are different. I don’t know about Dennis, but I got enough shit to deal with without shit coming back to haunt me.)

Anyway we were in the tournament and the team was staying in a nice hotel. We played two games and we were out. We weren’t that good. So the Coach, god love him, pulled us into a room and said that since we tried so hard and blah blah blah, he was giving us the night off. All we had to do is promise that we wouldn’t kill anyone, or get thrown in jail, or tell anyone or shit like that.

So off we went on a tear. Bob Seger was through town on tour the night before so we missed that. It would have been fucking cool to see that. But me and these other guys started hitting a few bars. Luckily we could all pass for legal and they weren’t too picky about checking ID so we ended up fairly pissed.

There were four of us and two of the guys actually got to meet a couple of chicks. They went off with them to get their rocks off and left me and Aaron to fend for ourselves. Aaron and I had girls back home and we were also bunking together. The others would have to worry about making bed check on their own.

We were both seniors. I was second string guard and Aaron was a first string forward, but we got along okay and didn’t have any problems with rooming together. We hung out for a while and finished painting the town red. When we had had enough at this one bar we staggered home with our arms slung over each other’s shoulders, walking down the street like a drunken letter ‘A’. 

We got back to the hotel and we had come down on the walk home but we were still buzzed. Aaron was a dedicated jock, about 6’3”. He had a muscular build though he wasn’t grotesque. I had partied with him once in a while and I figured he was cool, so I took a huge chance. I had a doobie stashed in my shaving kit, just for an emergency. I asked if he’d like to spark it up and get high. He shrugged and said sure. 

So we went out on the balcony and lit up we smoked it down to the end and we were pretty wasted. We went back in and crashed on the beds and started watching TV. We split a can of cola and when it was done, I got up to go to the can and change for bed. 

Aaron had changed into his t-shirt and sweats while I was gone and when I walked in he was furiously rubbing his hard cock through the fabric. He had found that for some reason, someone had fucked up and there was a porno playing. His eyes were glued to the set and I could see why. There was a guy pounding his huge cock into this cute little blonde while she was getting her tits sucked by this gorgeous Asian chick. 

“Dude,” he said, “check this out! It’s so hot!”

I sat beside him on the end of the bed and watched. It was hot. I just had a pair of thin cotton boxers on and my cock was starting to tent out. I put a hand over it trying to hide it. I shouldn’t have worried. 

I heard a rustle beside me and Aaron fished own cock out of his sweats. I had seen it in the showers tons of times but this was the first time I saw it hard. It was bigger than mine and uncut. He was a sandy blonde and his pubes were fine and straight. It was like they weren’t even there. I couldn’t help but stare at his cock as he slid the foreskin up and down and a little pearl of pre-cum oozed out of the slit. It only got me harder and I worked my prick out of the fly in my boxers and started jacking off myself.

I was watching him but his eyes were still glued to the screen as he slowly jacked himself. On the TV, the stud was now being sucked by the Asian chick as the blonde rode his face. It was like I wasn’t even there when Aaron stood up and shucked his sweats off in one motion. He was standing there, just wearing his shirt, and he grabbed his cock again. It might have been my imagination but I’m sure he sat closer to me when he sat down again. He spread out his right leg and it brushed mine. That was all I needed.

The pot got me horny; that’s my only defense. I reached over and reached between his thighs and cupped his balls. He looked at me with his eyes real wide. I thought he was gonna kill me. He had me by about twenty pounds and four inches.

It was like time froze. Then he looked at the TV again and then he looked at me. “You wanna?” was all he said real quiet. He must have been stoned out of his head. I just nodded and moved my hand up to his shaft.

He reached over and took my cock in his hand and started stroking me. We were just looking into each other’s eyes, trying to figure out how we got here. It was hard to keep a grip, jacking each other side by side like that. So I nudged him with my shoulder and more or less pushed him back. He went easily, letting go of my cock and taking off his shirt on the way down. He was lying back with his arms out to the sides. His feet were still flat on the floor. I knelt beside him and started jacking him for real.

It was not my first time jacking someone off, because I had done this with other friends back in grade school and I had done my own enough times. It was really cool doing an uncircumcised one. The skin slid so easily over the knob part and if it did need lubrication Aaron didn’t say anything. 

I just let go. I rubbed his belly and his pecs and his balls all over with my free hand. After a while he brought his hand up and started squeezing and rubbing my ass. I kissed his six pack and even nibbled a light brown nipple. Then I figured what the fuck and I got a nice wad of saliva going, (no mean feat after the pot, let me tell you) and lowered my mouth over his prick. 

I looked at him before I took the next step. His eyes were screwed so tightly shut he was probably seeing stars. I was still jacking him when I dropped my mouth over his prick and sucked the tip. It was weird, with all that skin at the top, in some way it was like a little set of pussy lips that my tongue could play with. Well, Aaron sure liked it. I bet he thought it was his girlfriend Claire. Whatever gets you through the night, like Elton said.

I was sucking him the way I thought I’d like to be sucked and his hips were starting to move in a rhythm. He was groaning like someone in pain and one of his hands found the back of my head and pressed me further into his crotch. He whined loudly so I took my mouth off him and saw I had peeled back the foreskin. The crown was big shiny with spit. I covered my teeth and went back down on him and his breath started rasping in and out. Then like that, he came. 

It took me completely by surprise. When Marie gave me head I always let her know when I was cumming, but obviously Aaron didn’t have that level of communication with his girl. 

It really didn’t matter, I had decided to suck him all the way off when I started. I took his load and swallowed every loving drop. When I was done and he was soft and drained out, I laid his cock back on his belly, gave it a pat and sat back on my heels. He gave a long sigh and finally opened his eyes.

“Fuck, Brian, that was great.” His voice was filled with something like wonder.

“Thanks, I enjoyed it, too.” There was no point in lying: I really had.

“Have you done this before?”

Again, there was no point in lying. “Yeah,” I said, “But not in a long time.” He didn’t say anything, so I added, “It’s like riding a bike.”

If he got the joke he didn’t laugh. This was serious. We had crossed a line. The line was doubly emphatic for jocks. Where we came from, teammates usually didn’t go around sucking each other off, stoned or not.

But I didn’t care. Something I probably knew back in grade school, was a new certainty now. I loved fucking girls but I liked sucking guys too. If this made me ‘sick’ then drive me to the hospital right fucking now. If this made me an outcast, so what, I’ll pack my bags tomorrow.

But that was shit to think about tomorrow. I was sitting in the same bed with another guy after just giving him head. My own cock was still poking out of the fly on my boxers and he looked at it and licked his lips. 

He looked at me and he was worried. “We’re not telling anyone about this, right Brian?”

“I wasn’t planning on it.”

“Like, you won’t tell Claire. Or Marie?”

I smiled, trying to relax him, he was so nervous. “From what I’ve read in sex books, it might turn ‘em on, but no, if you don’t want anyone to know, we won’t tell.”

“I don’t want this to get out...”

“Fine.”

His hand moved a little and rested on my thigh. It crept up closer to my cock. His eyes watched his hand, like he couldn’t believe what he was doing.

In a moment he was at my cock and his hands wrapped gently around it and stroked it up and down. 

“Oh, that feels good, Aaron--”

And a knock came on the door. Aaron freaked and in one second he was tucked under the covers with nothing but his eyes looking over the sheets. He turned down the TV.

I rearranged my hard cock in my boxers and walked to the door, saying I was coming. (No one got the joke.) I grabbed a towel from the bathroom to wrap around me and opened the door. It was Coach Bailey standing there with a clipboard. He looked worried.

“Hey, Coach.”

“Summers. Blake in there with you?”

Aaron helped out by speaking out that he was. 

The Coach nodded and made a mark on the paper. “You seen Heidt or Phillips?” These were the guys we had started the night with.

“No sir.”

He muttered something under his breath. “Bus leaves at 8:30 sharp. Don’t be late.”

“Sure, Coach. G’night.”

He walked off to the next room and I closed the door. I whipped off the towel and slid off my boxers before going back into the main room.

Aaron’s eyes widened as I walked in naked and half-hard. He pulled the sheets part-way down his body. I walked over to his bed and crawled in beside him. He backed up a bit but we were face to face.

“So where were we?” I asked.

He looked like he wished he could turn back time, but he also knew that was impossible. “Christ, Brian... I don’t know.”

I leaned in and kissed him lightly on the lips. He shoved me back and wiped his mouth. “What the fuck are you doing?” he almost yelled. I didn’t know why I did that. It just about fucked everything up.

“Aaron,” I said, “no one’s gonna know, right?”

“Yeah,” he said, but he still didn’t sound sure.

“And we graduate in June. I’m going to State and you’re going to SoCal (he had a two sport scholarship). He nodded, starting to see where I was going. “We’re never gonna see each other after that, right? And you have the chance to do something that you might fantasize about doing for the rest of your life. And you’ll always wonder what it would have been like.”

I knew then that I had a future in sales, or maybe politics. I didn’t know what the fuck I was saying. I was just thinking with my prick. I might have done better with girls if I used this gift better. But what the fuck, high school was almost over and I was going to college.

Aaron laid there facing me and after what felt like an hour, he lifted his hand and put it on my upper arm and started stroking it lightly. Then with no signal or anything conscious, we leaned in together and I really kissed a guy for the first time. I was only for a second but it was cool. Then we leaned again and we kissed with our mouths hanging open and this time touching tongues. 

I was hard as a rock and so was he. I could feel his cock poking wet against my thigh. Mine was poking into his stomach and I felt a hand wrap around it. The hand wasn’t mine. It was like he was going to do it, hell or high water. He pushed me onto my back and rubbed down my chest. 

He was blonde and fair I was dark and kind of hairy. I wasn’t Italian, but I looked like it. He played with the hair on my chest and the trail that went south from my belly to my cock, which was getting hard by the second.

He didn’t waste any time, he just put his mouth on me and started sucking. He put a hand on my balls and squeezed them gently and just sucked. It was like he was trying to get it over with. He moved around so he was crouched between my legs. I moved back against the pillows so he’d have more room and put my hands on his head and shoulders.

He paused for a moment and jacked me while he caught his breath, then he want back to jacking and sucking at the same time. I was getting close to cumming and I let him know. He just stayed where he was and in a few seconds, I said I was cumming for real and I arched my back and sent a load of cum into his sucking mouth. 

He was grunting and sucking like a man possessed. His cheeks were hollow and his nostrils flared like a wild beast as he emptied me out. After he was done, he just sat there and caught his breath. He didn’t even look at me. Then he let go of my deflating prick and crawled over to the other bed. I could see he was fully hard as he moved, and I thought about asking if he wanted to go for another round. He burrowed under the covers and turned out the light on that side of the bed.

“Thanks, Aaron,” I said. “That was great. Wow... man, are you sure that was your first time? That was fucking excellent, man... Thanks.” I was only joking about the ‘first time’ thing, trying to make him feel better after doing what we did.

He rolled over and looked at me. “It wasn’t my first time, asshole”. He rolled back over and muttered good night.

Maybe I wasn’t such a fucking great salesman after all.



**

(By the way, I’m sick of all this quotation mark dialogue shit. I’m not doing it anymore.)



**

Aaron and me never did anything at all after that. As a matter of fact we hardly spoke after that night. But at graduation, I asked if he’d sign my yearbook. By his picture with the cap and gown he wrote, “Have a wild time at State. I’ll have a wild one in California. Remember that teamwork is everything... Aaron”



**

Moving to ‘the big city’ was a shock, let me tell you. Coming from a town of less than 10,000, to a city of 500,000 will do that. Plus coming from high school, where you’re king shit to State University where you’re nothing but a glorified number will do it too.

But there was lots of beer, lots of great-looking chicks and getting laid was easy if you put half an effort into it. I should say that I got an academic scholarship for the Faculty of Engineering. I don’t know about the school you went to, but the Engineers were I went were the wildest fuckers on the face of the earth. They drank to excess, smoked pot like Marlboros and just raised havoc. But they worked hard at their studies. I got slit-eyed, staggering drunk nearly every night of the first two weeks, but still managed to make all my classes. By the third week I had had enough and decided to get down to work. I also noticed that I had a roommate.

I could have stayed with my grandparents because they lived in town, but I wanted to do the dorm thing. At that point I had no idea what my grandparent’s attitude was toward sex and I wanted to get laid lots.

Why Dennis and I were put together I have no idea. I thought it was some kind of joke. Dennis was quiet, studious and almost painfully shy at first. He was a year older than me. He was a neat freak, too. And he smoked. But he had a great stereo system and I learned later he had a wicked sense of humor. He liked to party too, and this is where we bonded. 

I met Shelly in one of my first classes and we hit it off pretty good. (She was a rarity, a female in Engineering. Don’t want to be sexist, that’s just the way it was then.) I was able to bring her back to the dorm to fuck each other silly whenever we wanted. After I got to know him, Dennis was cool about taking off for a few hours so Shelly and I could fuck in private. 

She wasn’t as good looking as some of the other babes on campus but she was a real spark-plug and lots of fun to be around. She could hand it out and take it when we hung around with the guys and shot the shit. She had long, straight brown hair and a pug nose with freckles. Her tits were real nice, but pity of pities, she had absolutely no ass. It was like a little boy’s butt. She was that close to being really something.

Anyway, for the first part of the semester we were hot and heavy, while pulling decent grades. Then one Thursday night in November it was fucking cold and when I walked in with Shelly, Dennis was at his desk working. While Shelly went to our bathroom I asked if he would take a hike. I asked him nice, of course. But he said no, he was working and besides it was cold out. 

I could understand him trying to sabotage my fuck-date. He had told me earlier that he hadn’t been laid in almost a year and a half. Most guys don’t want to see their friends get gloriously and constantly laid when they’re in a dry spell.

But I was super horny and I was gonna get fucked even if the whole dorm watched. Dennis put on his headphones and listened to music while Shelly and I did the mattress tango. There was a partition of closets between the two beds and he couldn’t have seen anything, but if he didn’t have headphones on, he would have got an earful. Shelly was in a vocal mood and she let me know what she wanted and gave me regular progress reports.

I came in her pussy like a wild man and she was moaning so loud, I had to stuff a hand in her mouth. Otherwise the R.A. would have been banging down the door.  

After we were done, we just lay there for a while and talked. She liked that cuddling thing. Then she got my bathrobe and went to the can. I peeked around the partition and Dennis was still sitting there reading and writing with his headphones listening to some classical crap.
