 Jake sat staring up at the beautiful night sky. It was a warm August night, the sky full of bright shiny stars, the moon was full and every now and then you would see a shooting star stream across the sky. Every night he would sit here on his front porch and stare at the sky. Even during bad weather he would sit on the porch swing and stare off into the night for hours.

He missed his wife, he missed the sound of her voice and the gentle touch of her hands. He missed hearing her hum as she fixed his morning breakfast and how bright her smile always was in the morning. He missed the way she would play with their grandchildren when they came to visit, but most of all he missed her body wrapped in his arms at night.

Mary had died of cervical cancer two years ago and he stilled missed her. They had both been shocked when she had been diagnosed with cancer. Yet through it all she had never once complained. She had told him that they would make the best of the time they had left together and she had done so right up till the end when she was just to weak to fight anymore.

It tore Jake up to see his once vibrant and still beautiful wife wasting away before his eyes. Jake had fell in love with Mary 23 years ago, when he first saw her at their county fair. She was wandering around the fair grounds with her best friend Jane when they came to the dairy barn where he was taking care of the dairy cows his father had entered in the fair.

Jake was tall, standing a little over six foot, three inches. He had raven black hair that was long and tied back into a ponytail as was the fashion back then. His eyes were his best feature, they were a deep emerald green. With his dark looks and those eyes of his, women were always staring at him.

He had dated very little in high school and even after entering into college he had little time for girls. He had been studying to be a Veterinary and was in his third year of college when he met Mary. When she had walked into the barns that day he had known that she was the woman he wanted to spend the rest of his life with. It had been love at first sight is what he told her after they had started dating.

It was her best friend who had started flirting with him that day. Jane was a beautiful woman he would admit to that. She was tall, long legged, long blond hair and bright blue eyes. She was wearing a pair of short shorts that just showed the cheeks of her ass. Every guy, including his father had their eyes on her ass when she walked by them. Every guy except for Jake that is, he glanced at Jane once but it was Mary that held his attention.

Jake had almost punched his best friend in the mouth later that night when he had asked Jake if he knew why it was that the best friend of a really beautiful woman was always homely? 

"Hey buddy, do you know why beautiful babes like Jane always have a best friend who is a real dog? Because they don't have to worry about them trying to take their guys away from them. Look around, every good looking babe always has a real dog for a best friend. They don't have to worry about the competition that way."

Jake had wanted to punch his friend when he made that comment. To Jake, Mary was the more beautiful of the two of them and he went out of his way to talk to Mary. When Jane finally realized that Jake wasn't interested in her she turned her attention to his best friend Bill, giving Jake the opening to talk to Mary.

Mary was a cute gal, not what you would call real pretty but she was still cute. She had the biggest crystal blue eyes with the longest eyelashes Jake had ever seen on a woman. Her hair was the color of honey and hung clear to her waist. She was probably about 5'6' or so and plump. She was the perfect woman as far as Jake was concerned. There was nothing fake about Mary like there was with so many women those days.

The guys ended up hanging out with the girls the rest of the night. They had been on a few of the rides and each of the guys had won the girls each a stuffed animal in the hoop toss. They were near the back of the fairgrounds when Jake asked Mary if she would ride the Ferris Wheel with him. He wanted a nice slow ride where they could talk and be away from their friends.

By the end of the evening Jake had gotten Mary's phone number and the following day called her and invited her out to the movies. They dated for almost a year before Jake proposed to her. Jake had waited until the fair came again that next summer then he got Mary on the Ferris Wheel again and proposed to her there. 

For 23 years they had lived a happy, love filled life. They had one child, a son that Mary insisted be named after his father. Little Jake as they called him was married and lived in the upper part of the state now where he was in his final year of law school. Jake used to joke with his son about how he didn't understand how the son of a Vet, would choose to be a lawyer instead of following in his fathers footsteps.

His son was a replica of his mother in every way. From his looks to his sensitivity towards all living things. Mary and their son could never turn an animal away that needed care and a home. At one time they had thirteen dogs and six cats at home that Mary and little Jake had adopted.

Jake was about to get up and head in the house when he saw something move across the street. It was his neighbor Jasmine and her boyfriend. They must have been sitting on her porch and he hadn't noticed them until they had stood up. Her little house was set back some distance from the main road but you could still see them fairly clearly, because of the bright moonlight that night.

Jake was taken by surprise when he realized that neither of them had any clothes on. Her boyfriend had his arms wrapped around her and Jake could clearly see that his hands were at her breasts, cupping them, playing with her nipples while he was kissing her neck. 

Jake felt that familiar stirring in his loins as he watched the scene being played out across the street. They were the only two houses on this end of the long country road they lived on, so any chance of someone driving by was pretty unlikely, especially at this time of night.

Jasmine reminded him so much of his Mary because of her build and her love of animals. It had been about nine months after Mary had died that Jasmine had come running across the street carrying her small dog. She was crying and the tears were streaming down her face. She had a little mixed breed that looked to be part terrier and cocker mix. The poor thing was hardly breathing and the side of his face was beginning to swell up pretty badly.

Jake checked him over and found that he had more than eight little bumps on the side of his neck and four more along the right side of his body. Jasmine told him that she was hanging out some clothes and Buddy was playing in the yard when he started yelping loudly. He was running towards her and then just collapsed at her feet.

He had been stung, but by what Jake didn't know. He gave him a shot to ease his breathing then when he was sure he would be alright for a few minutes he ran over to her house to see if he could see if it were bees or hornets that might have got him. Didn't take him long to find the culprits, at the far end of her yard where the woods began he found a huge hornets nest. 

He gave Buddy the shots he needed and told Jasmine to leave him with him for the night so he could keep his eye on him. The poor little guy had a severe allergic reaction to the stings and Jake wanted to keep his eye on him, plus he would need another shot in a few hours.

He had given Jasmine a glass of ice tea while she sat holding her dog, the tears still streaming down her cheeks. After she had calmed down Jake told her to go on home and she could come back over in a few hours and check on his progress but right now Buddy needed to rest quietly. He took Buddy from her and placed him in the big comfy dog bed he had brought into the living room while she was drinking her tea.

About an hour after Jasmine had left Jake saw the pest control people pull into her driveway. She didn't waste any time to seeing that the nest was removed and even had them check around the area for anymore before they left.

She came back over to check on Buddy around 7pm. Jake had given him another shot and he was resting quietly. He was just about to sit down when his phone rang, it was an emergency and he would have to leave. He told Jasmine to stay there with Buddy and he would probably be back within a hour or so.

It was almost 11pm and Jake still wasn't back so Jasmine curled up on his couch and pulled the dog basket next to it so she could keep her hand on Buddy while she rested in case he moved. She didn't even hear Jake when he finally got back around midnight. 

Jake was astounded on how pretty Jasmine was laying there sleeping on his couch. He hated to wake her knowing that she worked the following day. He was afraid if he woke her up she might be up the rest of the night. He got a blanket from the closet and covered her up then headed off to bed himself.

When he came downstairs the next morning it was to see Buddy curled up on the couch sleeping soundly beside his mistress. He went quietly into the kitchen and put on the coffee. Fifteen minutes later Jasmine came into his kitchen with Buddy in her arms. She was smiling, and you could see just how happy she was that her little pet was alive and doing well.

"I didn't mean to fall asleep on your couch Jake, but thank you so much for the blanket and letting me stay with Buddy. I can't even begin to tell how grateful I am for what you did for him and if you will make out the bill I'll write you out a check before I head off to work."

"No you won't missy, I was glad I could help you out, besides what kind of a neighbor would I be if I went around charging you for giving you a hand," he told her?

"I insist on paying you Jake, I don't think Buddy would have made it if I would have had to drive him all the way into town to my Vet, which by the way your going to be from now on," she told him smiling.

"Alright then, you owe me a dollar and that is the end of the conversation Missy."

Jasmine reached into her pocket and handed him a dollar bill then kissed him on the cheek thanking him again on her way out the door.

That night she had came over to invite him to dinner and wouldn't take no for an answer. Since then they had shared many meals and long talks sitting on either his or her front porch over the last two years. Now here he was spying on her, staring at her naked form being made love to by her male friend.

He was afraid if he moved that they would notice him and he didn't want to embarrass Jasmine in any way so he just sat there watching, yet trying not to at the same time.

Jake figured Jasmine was somewhere around the age of 35 give or take a year or two. He felt like he was some kind of pervert, and mentally called himself a 59 year old dirty old man for watching them.

Just then they moved towards the front of the porch and Jake watched as her friend Jack lifted her right leg up on the small table Jasmine had a plant sitting on. She leaned forward holding onto the porch railing as he entered her from behind.

His dick was rock hard and standing straight up so it was only natural that he would stroke himself while he watched his neighbor being made love to. He and Mary had had a very active and physical sex life right up until she became to ill to be intimate anymore. In all their years of marriage they had shared a deep intimacy in one form or another everyday of their married life.

They would start each new day out the same way since the second year of their marriage. Jake would wake Mary gently by playing with her nipples, when he was sure she was awake, he would move down between her sweet thighs and get her off orally. He loved pleasuring his wife that way and it always made him hornier than hell when he did so. After he had gotten her off a couple of times he would take his shower while she made coffee and began his breakfast.

By the time he was through with his shower she had the coffee made and the meat cooked and ready. All she had left to do was fry his eggs and pop in his toast. She was always leaning on the sink with his coffee in her hand when he got out of the shower. 

Jake kept his eyes on Jasmine and her lover as he remembered how his loving wife would set down his coffee then kneel down in front of him to dry his dick off with her mouth. Everyday it was the same thing between them, his dick was always at the ready when he got out of the shower knowing his wife would be waiting to give him one hell of a fantastic blow job. Mary never ate breakfast, she had always told him that his morning blow job was the only kind of breakfast she wanted at that time of the morning. 

He would come home for lunch as often as he could. Lunch consisting of grabbing a quick sandwich on his way out the door after spending the last hour making love to his wife. Some nights when he came home she would be laying on the couch naked, her leg lifted up over the back of the couch and her fingers busy making herself ready for him.

They both loved to talk dirty before, during and after sex. The nastier the talk the hotter she would get. They had even gotten into a little role playing during their marriage and they had both enjoyed that as well. 

One night Jake had came home early to find Mary down on her hands and knees cleaning out the bottom shelves in their bookcase. His dick sprang to life as he watched his wife's ass moving back and forth as she dusted the shelves. He moved slowly up behind her and when he was close enough to her, he grabbed the waistband of her shorts and yanked them down ripping them off her. He had grabbed a handful of her hair, jerking her head back hard as he knelt between her legs shoving his cock in fast and deep. "Don't move or make a sound bitch and you won't get hurt," he had whispered in her ear.

He pounded her with his cock, ramming it in it her hard and fast, all the while saying all kinds of nasty things to her. He slapped her on the ass hard and she yelped but he was relentless as he rammed his cock in deep. "You like that don't you bitch, he slapped her ass hard again, your enjoying me taking you this way don't you?"

"Is that the best you can do you bastard," she yelled back at him?

He pushed her face down into the carpet and rammed his cock in hard, he grabbed a handful of her huge tit and massaged it a little roughly all the while ramming his cock in fast and hard. He grabbed her nipple, tugging and pinching it making her yelp again.

"Harder you prick, make me beg you for it!"

He slapped her hard across the ass twice, then jerked her hard back against his rock hard cock. He felt her body stiffen just as his load cut loose and felt her nectar covering his cock as he filled her pussy with his cum.

When they had both gotten their wind back he kissed her tenderly and passionately. She had told him that was the most intense lovemaking they had ever shared. After that he would surprise attack his wife more often and in different places. Once he had even nailed her in their car in the parking lot after seeing a movie. If nothing else, their love life was never dull in all the years they were married.

Jasmine's lover was pounding her pussy rather hard as Jake's mind came back to the present. He was stroking his cock watching Jasmine's big tits bouncing around as her lover rammed his cock into her. Jake felt his balls tighten as his cock was getting ready to explode.

Jasmine was moaning so loud that Jake could hear her from across the street.

"Oh god babe, harder, I'm going to cum," she yelled at him.

Jake watched her arch her back and knew she was coming just as his cum filled his hand. He sat perfectly still until they had moved inside the house then quickly got up and went inside. He didn't turn on any lights, making his way to his room in the dark. He went into the bathroom to clean himself up but didn't turn the light on until the door was closed. Just in case she happened to look this way, he didn't want her to see any lights on in case she might think he may have seen what had gone on over there.

The next day was Saturday and Jasmine had stopped over to invite him to join her and Jack later that night for a cookout. He didn't know how he had managed to keep a straight face when they were talking. He didn't want her to know that he had seen them making love outside last night.

He arrived at 7pm as she had instructed and walked around to the backyard where they were putting everything on the grill. Buddy came running up to him for some attention, they had become good friends ever since the day he had been stung by all the hornets.

"Here you go Jake," Jack said, handing him an ice cold beer.

"Thanks Jack, nothing like a nice cold beer on a humid day like today," 

"Hope your hungry Jake, I've made enough food for an army it seems."

Jake turned to look at Jasmine standing over by the grill getting ready to cook the food she had prepared for them. She was wearing a loose fitting cotton summer dress, similar to the ones Mary used to wear in the hot summers when they were at home. Mary never wore anything underneath hers and Jake found himself wondering if Jasmine had anything on under hers.

"Have you started cooking anything yet Jasmine," Jake asked her?

"Not yet, but please don't tell us you can't stay for dinner Jake," she asked him?

"Not at all dear, I was just thinking why don't you two pack all this up and bring it on over to my place, that way we can take advantage of the pool as well. Buddy looks like he could use a swim and he can play with Brandy."

"That sounds fantastic Jake, I would love to take a swim before we eat anyway. If you would take Buddy with you, Jack and I will put everything into the cooler and meet you over there in 15 minutes."

Jake scooped Buddy up and headed back across the street . He took the covering off his grill, then he made some room in the fridge for Jasmine's things and Jack's beer. He and Mary had bought a used fridge about ten years ago to have out by the grill area. He had a contractor build a small enclosure to house the grill and fridge in during the winter months right off the back of the patio. Her family used to come every weekend for cookouts and to swim in the pool. So it was easier having all the food handy outside, then to having everyone running in and out of the house.

He missed all the hustle and bustle when her family was around. They still came over once or twice a month during the summer time and Jake enjoyed having them around.

"Where do you want us to put all this stuff Jake", Jasmine asked him walking around through the back gate.

"Just put it all in the fridge, I thought we'd take a quick swim first and get cooled down before we grill."

"Good idea, I'm sweating to death. I'm glad you suggested we grill over here, I'm dying for a swim," she told him.

They put everything in the fridge and then headed for the pool. Buddy was already running around playing with Brandy. Jake had a small kids plastic pool that he kept full of water for Brandy, she loved to run in and out of it, and on really hot days she would lay in the pool to cool off.

Jake had put his suit on when he first got home so he was ready to get in the pool. Jack had on a pair of shorts and Jasmine now had on a T-shirt that came down almost to her knees. Jake assumed she had a pair of shorts on underneath the shirt.

Everyone got into the pool and for a half hour they just swam around and lounged in the water enjoying the coolness of the water on their bodies. The sun had started to set but the evening air was still heavy with humidity.

Jasmine and Jack were in the shallow end of the pool leaning up against the side of the pool. "Hey Jake come here for a minute, we found something strange over here," Jasmine was motioning him over to where she and Jack were.
