 It was 1985; the end of the "bareback era". Sex was good and condoms were only for birth control. Couldn't do any of this now. Don't even try it. But have fun thinking about it. 

**

Brian came to visit at the end of final exams. He arrived on a Friday morning and I was bagged from studying all night. I had an exam at one in the afternoon. He buzzed into my off-campus apartment and I let him in.

He had traveled forty-five hours, all the way from Salt Lake on the bus so he was in rough shape. He staggered past me into the living room, and throwing his bags on the floor, collapsed on the sofa. I went to the fridge in the kitchen came back with a beer. He popped the tab and swallowed nearly all of it.

"Enjoy your breakfast," I said and sat on the floor and picked up the remote. I was flicking through the early morning TV crap and I heard him digging in his backpack. A magazine landed on the floor beside me. A real nice pair of tits stared back at me from the cover. Brian was smirking back when I looked at him. I put down the remote and started thumbing through the mag. 

"Good thing I had the back seat to myself, Denny-man, and too bad there was no one there to help me," he said. I could picture him quietly jacking himself off in the back of a lonely Greyhound and I started to get hard. There were some really nice shots in the mag; couples, singles and oh yeah, trios. I was starting to get even harder- my cock rising in my sweat pants. I had to adjust it. 

Brian swung off the couch and went to the kitchen. He came back with another beer and sat on the floor beside me. It was going to be that way, I thought, and my heart jumped. We had known each other since the first week of college and we had become really good friends. Then at his quiet suggestion, we had taken to getting each other off, on the rare occasions there were no women available, or at least women available to him. 

The first time was after a wild and drunken party. He jerked me off in my dorm room and I returned the favor. The next time we traded quick blowjobs. The third time we admitted that we both enjoyed it and took our time. Then before the start of the year, he dropped out and moved out of state. And now he came back to visit. We had many of friends in common but I had a pull out couch that was comfortable. 

He put his hand on my thigh and slowly ran it up to lightly cup my balls. I spread my legs for better access. I could remember the first time he did that. Then his hand began stroking my average-sized cock through the material of my sweats. I had not stopped leafing through the magazine. There was a boy-girl-boy that was very well done. Suddenly my cock was hard and out in the open and he bent down to kiss it. He took most of it in his mouth, which was cool and wet from the beer.

He took the mag away, its work done, and dropped it off to the side. I put a hand on his head, running down his neck, over his shirt all the way to his lower back. I brought my hand back as he sucked me, bringing his t-shirt with me; able now to rub my hand on bare skin. He moaned at the contact and that sent a shiver through me, too. I lay back on the rug between the couch and coffee table and he pulled my sweats all the way off. When he bent back down I pulled off his t-shirt. I rubbed his shoulders as he gave great head; jerking me while he licked and sucked and he had me cumming in no time. He only swallowed the first shot and left the rest to run over his hand and pool on my belly. He wiped his wet hand on my chest and reached for his beer. Without a word he got up and tossed my sweats over my wilting cock so I'd have something to wipe myself with. He got up and adjusted the bulge in his pants and smiled.

"Thanks for letting me crash here." 

I said it was no problem and he kicked off his shoes and asked if he could use the shower. I told him that he didn't have to ask.

**

I figured that he'd be done his second beer by the time he was done washing his hair so I stepped into the steaming bathroom a few minutes later to hand him his third. I pulled back the tub's curtain and he was leaning against the wall, stroking himself. He had a very impressive cock, about an inch and a half both longer and thicker than mine. It could have made me insecure, but it only made me more horny. He looked up, and kind of embarrassed, asked if I wanted anything. I handed him the beer and he thanked me and took a long swallow. I stepped back for a moment, unsure. My cock was starting to get hard again and I gave it a stroke to get it all the way hard. Then I stepped in the shower. 

His back was toward me and he was washing his chest facing the spray. Moving behind him, I reached around and took the soap and continued what he had started. I was close and my cock was bumping his ass cheeks as he stood there. He reached back and started stroking me. My soapy hand started doing the same to his cock and he put down the beer. He put his free hand up and leaned against the wall. The hot water was cascading between the two of us. I put the soap down and rinsed him clean. "Turn around," I said.

He turned, and I was on my knees. I took hold of his cock and brought him toward me and took him into my mouth. His back shielded the spray of the water and I didn't have to worry about that. I wrapped a fist and mouth around him. He put a foot on the edge of the tub and held onto the curtain rod and started fucking my mouth. I just let him go. I reached a hand toward his ass and he told me to stop. He wasn't that much for assplay. Neither was I for that matter, so I just concentrated on sucking him like he had sucked me. I wasn't one for 'communicating' during sex. Where I was more or less silent when I came, Brian started talking a breathy, guttural blue streak. It was great- "Fuck that's great, oh suck me Denny, that feels so good oh fuck oh fuck, FUCK!"

And he came like a son of a bitch. I was trying not to scrape that big cock with my teeth while he rammed his ass back and forth, and trying to keep swallowing all the cum he gave me. One of his hands was on the back of my head while the other held onto the curtain rod. His hips slowed down and stopped. Then he did something that he never ever did before. He reached down and grabbed me under the armpits and lifted me up to him. He looked into my eyes for an instant and then he leaned in and kissed me. He pulled me close and drove his tongue into my mouth. It was the first time I had ever kissed another guy and though I had thought about it from time to time, this blew every fantasy out of the water. The only weird part was the morning stubble of our beards, but what the fuck. It was great. 

He groaned as he searched out the mother lode of cum that I hadn't swallowed, and he gently swabbed it out. It was so hot and so unexpected. My cock had fallen a bit while I was doing him but now it was full hard again. I leaned him against the wall and pressed into him, my rock hard cock between us, kissing him deeply and moaning. 

After a moment he leaned back. "Don't you have a final in a few hours?"

"Yeah..."

"Then you better get going. We have a whole week."

He was right. I hated it when he was right. 

**

When I got out of the bedroom fully dressed, Brian was on the couch again with just a towel wrapped around his waist. His curly black hair was slicked back. He had shaved and looked like a new man. He smiled and held up a joint that he had just finished rolling.

"This'll help." He lit it up and took a deep drag. He offered it to me as I passed by to grab my book bag. I took a small hit and passed it back. I started getting my coat and stuff together. He took another hit and leaned back. "So, Denny-man, you get laid lately?" I figured that he meant by a girl. 

"No, been too busy with school. Work."

"We'll fix that. We'll go out tonight and find a few ladies and bang 'em all night."

I didn't doubt him. The guy was a fucking chick magnet. I hadn't been laid for a while because I had been busy and besides that had a hard time talking to girls and as always, my best chance had to be taking whatever was left in his wake. But it was better than jerking off.

He said he had some things to do later, so in case he left the apartment, I told him to be sure to flip the lock on his way out. He said he would meet me at the Union for a beer after my exam. I said I'd get another key made for him later so he didn't have to be with me to get back in. Then I went to take my last test of the semester.

**

I finished the exam and went to Bookstore to get a key cut, then I went to the Uni for a beer and a burger. I had a couple of beer and waited for Brian. I had one more and then figured he had fallen asleep on the couch. I went to the phones in the lobby and called my place. The answering machine told me no one was home. I had one of those machines that let you hear the message as it was being recorded. So I told him to pick up the fucking phone or get down here or risk being locked out if I never made it home. I was well on the way to being pissed so I sort of rambled. When I hung up and turned around Little Eva was standing there laughing at me. 

Eva was about five foot fuck all. She was a former gymnast and looked like the cutest Keebler Elf on the tree. We had hung around and partied a bit in large groups and though she had a reputation as a good fuck, you sure couldn't have proved it by me. I was emboldened by drink. "What are you laughing at?"

She shrugged, still laughing. "You just sounded weird talking like that on the phone. That's all." I didn't know how to respond. Part of being such a stump when it came to the ladies. "You done?" she asked.

"What do you mean, with the phone? Yeah, I'm done..." I stepped out the way to let her make her call. As she brushed by me there was a faint lemon scent; it reminded me of the first girl I had sex with in high school. Without thinking I blurted out, "You smell great, Eva." 

She smiled sweetly and said thank you. I went back to the bar feeling like a total dork. A few minutes later she came and sat on the barstool beside me. "So, are you done?" I looked at her. I thought she had just asked this question. "Exams?"

Oh, exams. "Yeah, I had my last one this morning."

"Cool. Because Sheryl and I and are having a party at our place tonight, and, uh... I was wondering if you'd like to come."

"You're kidding." She shook her head, no. "Yeah I'd love to!" 

She smiled again, broader and sweeter and said, "Great! We live in the Hermitage Apartments and just buzz 309 or 410. Either'll get you in." She slid off the stool and said she'd see me later.

"What time?"

"Anytime after eight. See ya."

She left and I wondered if this was going to be my night to bounce around the mats with the little gymnast. It wasn't bloody likely but it was a pleasant thought.

**

I got back to my place around three in the afternoon and true to form, there was no sign of Brian. No note saying where he was; nothing. But his bags had been pushed against the wall near the TV and the skin mag sat on the coffee table beside three nicely rolled joints. The dishes were done and the beer cans were in the garbage. He was a great guest.

I figured he'd call and I thought I'd have a nap before I got ready for the party. I was tempted to jerk off, but I didn't, in case something happened later. I woke at about six-thirty and had another shower and fixed some pasta for supper. I had another beer (hey, I was done finals and in party-mode) and got dressed. I made the effort to do it right.

I had lived an ordered life. I grew up and went to church and honored my parents. I got good grades and had sex with one girl in high school, one girl in my sophomore year and a handjob from a girl at the beginning of this semester. I always tried to treat women with respect. I was a good boy on my way to a University degree. Other than the escapades with Brian I was unremarkable in almost every sense of the word. (I was worried that I was going to turn gay, but knew that I still lusted after women, so I was safe there.) I smoked half a pack of Camels a day and the occasional reefer. I drank beer but preferred wine at parties. I liked my apartment and I kept it clean. I was a bit of a neat-freak and I liked to look good when I went out. It didn't always help, especially if you had a stone tongue with the ladies. 

**

Eva and Sheryl's apartment block was in walking distance but I went out of my way to pick up a couple nice bottles of wine from the store down the street. It was just after eight-thirty when I rang the buzzer for Eva's apartment and when no one answered for the longest time I figured I was early. I was just about to buzz Sheryl when Eva came on the line and buzzed me in.

When I got to her apartment all seemed quiet, but I could hear a ruckus from one floor up. Eva opened the door looking like a dream, a little blonde pixie. She smiled a mile wide and held the door open. She was wearing a clingy burgundy velour thing that made her ass look really fine. She didn't have much for breasts or anything but all in all she looked very nice. I followed her in and she was flitting about the apartment, cleaning and straightening. "Lucky you caught me here," she said. "Everyone's upstairs. We're just going to crowd in there instead of splitting the party. You can help me with the beer."

"Wow, you look great," I said.

Her smile brightened. "Well thanks, Denny, so do you!" We looked at each other and I swear something passed between us. She giggled nervously and asked if I had any reefer. I pulled one that Brian had left me out of my pack of Camels. 

We went into her little kitchenette. She took the wine from me and gave me a beer and we lit up the joint. She inhaled and released her breath in a long sigh. We passed the joint back and forth and she looked at me and softly said, "I hate to be forward, Denny, but would you like to fuck?" I wasn't sure I had heard her right. I had taken a deep hit, but the joint was forgotten .She looked worried. I was just stunned. This was going to be a wonderful dream come true. 

"I hope you don't think I'm a slut or anything but you're a nice guy and I like you. And if you don't mind me saying, you do look really good tonight." I was flattered and glad that I took the time. I leaned down and gave her a light kiss. She took the joint from me and gently butted it in an ashtray. The kiss deepened and she wrapped her arms around my neck. I ran my hands over her little bubble ass and she pulled away.

She gave a little gymnast hop and she wrapped her legs around my waist. My hands moved to her little ass to support her and she kissed me again, her little pink tongue darting around all over the inside of my mouth. It was really erotic. She pulled away and whispered in my ear. "The bedroom's back there. Let's go..." I followed the directions.

In the bedroom I laid her on the quilted cover at the end of the bed and leaned in to kiss her. I ran a hand all over her dress and her little tits and she was moaning in my mouth. She reached down and fumbled with my belt. I pulled back and smiled at her. I stood and took off my suit jacket and pulled the shirt off. Both were left in a pile on the floor. She pulled her dress over her breasts and started rubbing them and tweaking her nipples. I kneeled down and she moaned again. I hadn't even done anything yet. 

I'm not claiming to have slept with lots of women but I had read the Hite Report and combined with some experience, well, I worked hard to make sure they had a good time. I really wanted this to be special. I ran my hands up her thighs and peeled her dress upward. She arched her back and I was amazed to see that she didn't have any panties on. Her sparsely haired pussy glistened in the lamplight; it was wet and smelled like heaven. I leaned in and ran my tongue up the length of her sweet slit before I concentrated on her cute little clit. Being a gymnast she was able to spread her legs wider than I thought possible and so I was able to get right in there. I used my thumbs to hold the lips apart while my tongue made love to her pretty little pussy.

It only took a minute to get her to the point where she was writhing and squealing on the bed. In my limited experience, I had never seen a girl with such a hair trigger orgasm. It made me feel like I was really doing a good job. She grabbed my head and twisted her fingers into my hair and pulled my face into her. She was just like Brian, too, cursing and moaning about how good it felt. "Right there, ohh, yeah, fuck Denny suck my clit ohh god, that's it right there..." I looked up and she had her jaw clenched and then her thighs clamped around my head and she started bucking wildly, mewling like a kitten. A word of advice; never get between a gymnast's legs without having a way out. She just about ripped my head off with the force of her cumming. I sucked down all the juice that I could as she relaxed. 

When she settled down and released my head, she looked at me, kind of glassy-eyed and said, "That was great. Stand up." She was all business. When I stood she sat on the edge of the bed and rubbed her hand over the bulge in my pants. She finished unbuckling the belt and pulled down my pants. She pulled me in and started licking my cock through the fabric of my boxers. She pulled them down and released it. She pulled my cock into her mouth and she bobbed up and down on it, humming and moaning. I caressed her short blond hair and brought a hand down to caress her little breasts. She still hadn't taken the dress the rest of the way off. I didn't care, I just thought about how fucking lucky I was. From going without sex nearly all semester long to being sucked twice in the space of twelve hours. Go figure.

She put a foot on the part of my pants around my feet and gave me one last lick. "Get up here," she said and I pulled one foot out of the pants and with the other pants leg still wrapped around my foot, I lay back on the bed. She didn't let go of my cock and as soon as I was on my back, she hiked her dress up and poised over top of me rubbing her still damp cunt on the tip of my cock. She took a deep breath as she plunged down on me. I thought I was going to come right there, but I concentrated on making it last. It was so tight! 

Once again she started talking. "Oh yeah just fuck me Denny, you made me cum now you gotta cum too, just fill me with your cum, just fuck me baby fuck me, oh you feel so good in me, you got such a nice cock, oh fuck me baby fuck me..." And on and on like that. Line I said before, I wasn't one for talking dirty during sex or talking dirty at all. But I could see where the attraction came from. I slipped my hands under her dress and held her ass up and drove myself up into her as I felt ready to cum, and I told her so. She opened her eyes wide and said, "Oh yeah, you're gonna cum, I can feel it! Do it, Denny, let me feel it!" and I came and drove into her and froze with my back arched and the both of us moaning real loud.

After we came back to earth, she rolled off and kissed me. "That was great Denny, thanks a lot."

"No, thank you..." I kissed her again and she pulled away. I was still fairly hard and my cock slapped wetly on my belly.

"We gotta get up to the party. My cousin-"

Just then the bedside phone rang. She jumped off the bed and answered it. "Hello?... Yeah, hi!" She looked at me and smiled and mouthed the words "my cousin" to me. She smiled and then mouthed "get dressed" and went back to talking. 

I had a feeling that I was in love with her, but I couldn't help but wonder why I felt like a human dildo.

**

After we cleaned up and dressed we came out of the bedroom. Someone was knocking on the door. It was Eva's cousin Briget. She was almost as tall as me with a fairly nice build and a cute face. She had on a green dress that set off her eyes and accentuated her breasts. She may have been a five or ten pounds overweight but she carried them very well. But her hair... she had thick reddish hair; sort of curly, like Maureen O'Hara in the old movies. Like Maureen O'Hara, she looked as Irish as the day was long. Eva introduced us and we shook hands. Briget was okay, but I still only had eyes for Eva. 
