 Kirsty was in a bit of a mood, Adam huge cock has not responded to her message. She had other messages from the website from people wanting to meet up though. The two guys who sent her a previous message sent her another, still wanting to both meet her at the same time, also a husband and wife messaged her asking if she would wank off the husband whilst the wife watched. A female messaged her to see if Kirsty would do a woman, but no bloody Adam huge cock!

Kirsty thought long and hard about who to meet that night when a dirty idea came into her head. She wanted to shock herself tonight and do two different things, the first was to wank or suck two guys at the same time and the second was to get her own back on Martin the dirty bastard. 

At lunch time Kirsty took her laptop to her bedroom, she got out her bullet vibrator and took off her knickers as she got on her bed. Kirsty loved the smell of her own knickers and sometimes used them during her own masturbation. She preferred clitoris stimulation with her bullet than a rabbit inside her. Kirsty relaxed on her bed and put on a downloaded clip of porn on the laptop and watched a well seen clip of porn, she had made herself cum to this clip on numerous occasions and it was about an Italian girl being used by three workmen on their lunch break. 

Kirsty put her knickers around her face wearing the like a bandana by her nose and inhaled her worn knickers, she switched the vibrator on and moved the bullet in circular motions around her clit as she watched the porn clip, it was about seventeen minutes long and she always made herself cum at the same point. Although Kirsty had read the subtitles loads of times she liked the silly storyline of this particular bit of porn. She watched this girl wanking then sucking each of the three workmen as she moved the bullet around her clit, it then went to them fucking her pussy and she was getting her own orgasm close. 

The girl in the movie then was subjected to having her arse fucked and Kirsty's fingers were moving the bullet faster, at this point Kirsty was really sniffing her knickers, she loved how the Italian girl didn't really want a cock in her arse but the men carried on, so with her left hand she started to pinch her right nipple.

Kirsty still concentrating on the laptop screen was holding back her orgasms she always did waiting for the fifteenth minutes when the double penetration was just finishing as the guy in the girls arse pulled his cock out and came wanking his cock over her bum and at that exact point Kirsty came herself, she furiously rubbed the bullet on her clit sniffing her knickers like mad and pinching her nipple. 

She had a sweat on and relaxed back on her bed after her cum. Kirsty pulled her knickers off her head and rubbed them over her pussy, she then put the same knickers on and thought long and hard how to shock Martin. 

A dirty idea came into her head and she decided that she would meet two of her previous encounters again, she decided on Pete and Simon, she was going to let them either face fuck her or tit fuck her, she wanted Martin to watch her being used and get him horny for another idea she was thinking about.

Later on that night as Kirsty walked to the swing park after getting both guys to agree to meet for some fun, she was thinking about Martin still, this older man intrigued her and he was quite dominating but Kirsty wanted to reverse the roles on him. 

As she entered the park at the swings was Simon.

"Hey good looking" greeted Simon.

Kirsty walked over to him without saying a word, she pushed her tongue into his mouth as he followed suit. They stood kissing each other, tongues going round each others as Kirsty was thinking this guys a windmill kisser, he just goes round and round, Kirsty did prefer tongues to probe each other rather than going around all the time.

Simon started to unbutton Kirsty's jacket and started feeling her breasts up, he started to get more confident and pulled her top down exposing her breasts one at a time.

"Hello people" Came Pete's voice

The two stopped kissing and Kirsty responded"Hi Pete, meet Simon"

The guys said hello to each other and Kirsty pulled Pete's arm to get him closer, her breasts still exposed, she kissed Pete and he kissed back grabbing her breasts. Kirsty used her right hand to get into the front of Simons trousers and grabbed his cock through his boxer shorts. Pete started getting his own penis out and pulled away from the kissing, with a guy either side of her Kirsty squatted down to the floor. Both of the guy's cocks were rock hard, Kirsty started to wank them at the same time, she preferred Simons cock as his penis had quite a baggy foreskin, she pulled it right back, concentrating on Simons cock more than Pete's.

Pete was feeling a bit left out after a minute or so and his penis seemed to droop a little, Kirsty seeing this thought to herself she better give him a suck so she moved her head and sucked on Pete's cock. 

Simons cock was being wanked by Kirsty's right had as she sucked Pete's cock and she was getting really turned on, then she thought to herself she had made both these lads cum before and it was about time at least one of them repaid the favour. Kirsty stopped what she was doing, she stood up and took her coat off and dropped it on the floor, she then got on he knees and started to wank Simons off.

"Pete can you undo my jeans and finger me from behind" asked Kirsty.

Pete did as she had asked and Kirsty started to suck on Simons cock, she really did like this penis and foreskin, she found it a turn on pulling the foreskin right back and putting her tongue around his head then rolling the foreskin back along his shaft covering her tongue, she then felt fingers pulling down her knickers and she felt one finger starting to enter her pussy.

Kirsty was enjoying this attention to her pussy, she started to wank Simons cock at the same time as sucking and licking his head. Kirsty then found herself thrusting back and forth on the finger in her pussy. She felt that Pete was also rubbing her anus with his other hands fingers. Pete was fingering her and rubbing her clit and Kirsty was really responding.

"Is her pussy wet mate" asked Simon.

"Wet and warm and she seems to like me rubbing her arsehole" replied Pete.

"Is her pussy tight" asked Simon.

Pete pushed another finger into her cunt.

"Yes it is quite tight" informed Pete

Kirsty was still sucking and rocking on the now two fingers in her pussy. She was getting close to cumming with the action in both of her holes and especially on hearing how these two men were talking about her.

"Is her arse tight" asked Simon, also getting close to his orgasm.

Pete gently inserted his index finger into Kirsty's anus, his finger nail was in her brown hole and as Kirsty didn't flinch or protest he went deeper to the middle part of his index finger.

"Fuck me her arse is very tight" said Pete feeling his own cock tingling.

On hearing this Simon put both his hands around the back of Kirsty's head and he started to ejaculate his cum in her mouth. This was way too much for Kirsty, she was being forcefully face fucked now, with Simons cummy cock spurting into her mouth and Pete's fingers in her cunt and arse Kirsty was cumming. She was making a muffled sound in her throat, Pete loving this arse and knowing he was making Kirsty cum, he quickly finger fucked her arse whilst still rubbing her clit and had his two fingers in her cunt.

Kirsty swallowed the cum in her mouth and Simon stepped back. Kirsty then lay down on her back still on top of the coat.

"Your turn Pete, you can either have my breasts or mouth" she told him

Pete squatted on top of her breasts so his cock was by her face, 

"Wank me off, I want to spunk in your face" said Pete.

Kirsty started to wank Pete's cock, she was finding it uncomfortable but wanking him hard, Simon opened her legs and started to lick her clit. He fingered Kirsty as well as licking her, Pete was nearly close to shooting his load and he forced his two fingers into her mouth.

"Taste your pussy juice" he told her.

Kirsty licked his fingers he then put his other hands index finger into her mouth

"Taste your arse slut" Pete ordered her.

That turned her on so much, although Simon wasn't doing a wonderful job in licking her out the slight clit touching with his tongue and the dirtiness of her own arse taste she started to get close to orgasm again.

Pete who couldn't see what Simon was doing behind him started to ejaculate, Kirsty felt the warm cum go over her face, One bit blobbed over her eye, another shot on her forehead and hair. Pete stood up after the last bit oozed from his cock. He stood and watched Simon licking her cunt.

Kirsty was losing interest in trying to cum again, she was enjoying looking at Pete's cock whilst she was wanking it and now she was just thinking how crap young Simon was doing on an attempt to bring her off. Kirsty started to fake a orgasm. Simon still licking her pussy and Pete was shouting silly encouragement comments of something about licking the slut's cunt.

"Thanks for that lads" Kirsty said as she was getting up. 

Kirsty talked to them for a while then hinted for them both to go, they went off chatting to each other as they left the park.

"Bravo my little slut" said Martin.

"Hi Martin" greeted Kirsty.

Kirsty put her coat on and sat on the bench, she kicked her jeans off and placed them next to her on the bench.

"If you want to cum lick me out" Kirsty commanded.

Martin got on his knees he moved his mouth to her pussy, Kirsty was thinking "perfect". Martin started lick nibble on her pussy lips and probe his tongue in and around her pussy. Kirsty put her hands to the back of his head and grabbed his hair.

"Don't move, just lick my pussy and don't fucking move" Kirsty told him.

Kirsty's idea what took lots of thinking about was now going to take place, Kirsty closed her eyes and was blocking out the tongue sensation on her pussy. She concentrated really hard and then it happened, as Martin was licking her pussy Kirsty managed to release some of her full bladder, Kirsty held Martin by the hair and started to piss in Martins face.

"Drink it you filthy bastard" Kirsty told him

Kirsty felt Martins tongue lap up her pussy, she felt her warm piss dribbling down her legs, Martin was still licking her even though she was now in full pissing mode, she could start to smell it herself but martin carried on what he was doing. Martin started to insert two fingers into her pussy and as soon as he did the feeling stopped the flow of piss coming out of Kirsty. Martin then moved them out of her pussy and inserted them fast up her arse. He stopped licking her for a minute and spoke.

"You dirty little cunt, you don't even flinch a muscle with me finger fucking your shit box" said Martin.

Kirsty still wanting to empty her now half full bladder was still concentrating on trying to piss again, she loved this filthy remark "shit box". Kirsty started up pissing again it first squirted out a piddle at a time then it went to full flow. Martin went back with his open mouth and after a few seconds Kirsty heard him gulp down her own golden urine.

"You dirty old bastard, swallow my piss, finger my holes" said Kirsty building up a kind of weird orgasm whilst pissing.

Martin used his index and middle fingers of each hand to simultaneously poke both her arse and cunt. Kirsty ran out of piss in her bladder and stopped, Martin still finger fucked both her shit hole and cunt and licked her clit but it was way too much for Kirsty and she came suddenly and hard.

"You have turned me into a dirty slut" She told Martin

Martin stood up and started to walk away.

"Your piss tasted good, I'm going now cunt but tomorrow night it's my turn for a cum" Martin told her as he left.

Kirsty waited on the bench for a while, put her jeans on and walked home.

When Kirsty got home she noticed her knickers had gone missing. Fucking dirty old bastard, that's the 2nd pair he's nicked off me, I wanted them to smell myself, she thought to herself.

Kirsty logged on her computer and read more messages that people had left for her, she had another message from the couple and decided to look at their profile.

Shelly and Andy want to meet woman for threesome fun

Kirsty messaged them asking if they wanted to meet up so she could give Andy a hand job. They responded very soon after, asking if she could get to the Devils Dyke by car, as they went to this well known dogging site first Tuesday night of every month. After lots of messages back and forth, as Kirsty wanted to meet them first and this particular was Tuesday was two weeks away the couple agreed to meet in Kirsty's park the next night. Kirsty agreed to give Andy a blowjob whilst Shelly kissed her husband.

just as Kirsty said goodnight by message to the couple another message was sent to her. Adam huge cock was asking her for a meet.

To be continued...........