 "Weird, huh?" Britnee exhaled a lungful of pot smoke.

"Yeah," Lara took a drag off the joint they were sharing. "But then, you are usually willing to fuck just about anywhere."

Britnee frowned. "Yeah... but this was different."

The two were sitting in Lara's car. They had parked on an abandoned access road a short distance from an old industrial park on the outskirts of Ogdenville, a small town a few miles down the road from their hometown of Hootertonville. Ogdenville was also home to Shroud Chemical, maker of the breast implants, Britnee was soon to receive.

"I mean," Britnee began, "The doctor. He's not young, He's not hot. He's a creepy old guy, like over 50 or somethin'. All skinny and birdlike... and the way he stared at us with this goofy grin on his face..." Britnee shivered. "I mean, He walks in the room an' all I can think about is getting my hands on his cock!"

"You did say he had a big, fat one," Lara passed the joint.

"Not as big as the twins, but, more like Clem. And that's another thing. I was actin' like it was the greatest thing since white bread. What the fuck! It's not like I ain't had big dicks before... and I couldn't get enough of it! Jesus! What is wrong with me?"

Lara brushed back some braids from Britnee's face. "Pheromones. You know, those chemicals-"

"Yeah, I know what they are," Britnee exhaled.

"Maybe whoever is fucking with the water system is doing the same with pheromones, you know, maybe the doctor is part of it. Who knows? Maybe we've stumbled upon some big conspiracy." Lara stroked her friend's hair.

"And that's why I wanted you to not go with me," Britnee laced her fingers between Lara's. "If there is a conspiracy, then Julie's a part of it. Them big, ole fake titties aside, I don't act the way I do around her likes i act around anyone else. Speakin' of big, fake tits, you gotta see the doc's receptionist. Gorgeous! And tits bigger than Julie's! My God, they are big! She's a real cartoon bimbo too. Talks like," Britnee did a fair imitation of Miss Tahtaz's voice. "Ohhh, Doctuh! What a big too-ul ya gots theyuh!"

The two friends burst out with giggles and laughter. Britnee calmed down and continued. "Anyhow, You'll meet her next week. Ima make an appointment for us with the doc and give him my final decision on my procedure. You'll come with."

Lara kissed her cheek. "Aww, Boo! Conspiracy or not, I can't wait to get a set of big titties! These little things gotta go!"

"Speakin' of going, is it time?"

Lara glanced at her phone. "Yep. It's that time."

Britnee lifted her feet from the dashboard and sat up as Lara started the car and took off towards the industrial park. 

Britnee adjusted her tube top and fished around in her purse. "How do I look?"

Lara grinned. "Like a no good trailer trash slut."

Britnee smiled. "Aww, Boo. You always say the sweetest things. Is everything set up?"

"Yep, "Lara pulled to a stop in front of an empty building. "Dumb motherfuckers picked a spot with too many windows..."

Britnee climbed out of the car. "Wait for my signal and don't worry, I'll be fine."

The door to the building opened. A tall, young, black man scowled at Britnee. "You her?"

"Who else would I be?" Britnee replied.

The man shrugged and walked down a hallway, motioning Britnee to follow. He stopped at a door and knocked before entering the room. Britnee walked in and looked around.

The room was filled with expensive, plush furniture, a large UHD tv, and a stereo blasting the latest hip-hop music. Half a dozen black men sat around the room, playing a video game or drinking and sharing a blunt. At the back of a room was a desk large enough to host an orgy. A large, foreboding, handsome man sat behind it, texting on his phone. He looked up, saw Britnee and rose from his desk. He started to speak then pressed a button on a remote control. The blaring music stopped.

The other men in the room stopped what they were doing and noticed Britnee.

"Daa-aaamn!" "OooWheee, look at that shit!" "Dat girl looks like she came to party!" were just a few of the remarks the young men made as they checked Britnee out. 

Britnee was also checking them out. A few of the men were good looking, she thought. They all looked athletic except for one of the gamers who, looked like he hadn't skipped a meal ever. They were all wearing expensive urban street clothes: basketball shorts, jeans, hoodies or t-shirts and signature basketball shoes.

The man behind the desk stood and held up a hand, silencing his crew. "Fellaz, please. This here is our guest. Show her the courtesy yo mama's taught ya!"

He walked up to Britnee. "I'm Mack. Mack Daddy. I run this here crew."

Britnee guessed he was at least 6'4" and built like a tank. The muscles of his arms rippled as he held out his hand. Britnee felt her pussy warming up as she gazed up at him.

"Britnee Lain," She replied, extending her hand.

Mack took it in both of his hands, bent low and kissed it. "Pleased to make your acquaintance."

"And yours," Britnee smiled seductively.

"Please excuse my friends, they are a bunch of low class niggas with no manners whatsoever. Sit. Sit and let's talk." Mack motioned to a cushioned chair next to his desk. He pointed to two of his men who stood and left the room.

"Security?" Britnee asked. 

Mack nodded. "You came alone, right?"

"Just my driver. Parked down the road." Britnee replied.

"Good. It seems we have some business to discuss. I'm curious," Mack lit a blunt and took a long drag.

"Well," Britnee began, "Yah runs this town and I runs Hootertonville. 'Cept, now that Leo's gone it seems like your people are tryin' to take my town away from me." She sat back and raised an eyebrow.

Mack sat back in his seat. "Nah, girl. Hootertonville's too small. Ya gotta admit, tho, that a tiny thing like you running crime is, well, kinda strange. I'm sure my people just checkin' things out is all."

"Look. Y'all can have Ogdenville. I never cared much for this burgh anyhows. But, stay outta my town-"

"Boss, you gonna let this bitch talk to you like that? Serious? Shit, bitch! We run a train on you an' sell yo ass to the Arabs." 

Britnee looked at the man who interrupted. "Bitch?" She turned to Mack. "If you don't mind..."

Mack shook his head. "Be my guest." 

The expression on Mack's face changed from shock to fear to revulsion to joy as he watched Britnee beat the shit out of his friend. He laughed heartily as she stepped over his unconscious friend and sat down again.

"Nice work," Mack grinned as Britnee rubbed her knuckles and adjusted her top.

"Meh," Britnee replied, "Just letting off steam. There's another thing... According to our records, you were payin' Leo roughly forty% of yer take. But, you ain't paid me squat."

Mack's face turned to stone. "And? Leo was boss of bosses around here. We paid him to leave us alone."

Yeah, well, ask around. The Italians, the Irish, the Japs... all consider me the boss of bosses now. They all pay up." Britnee, produced a cigarette and gestured to Mack who nodded. She lit the cigarette and continued. "They pay cuz I offered ten%, not forty. And my continuing protection."

Mack placed his hands on the desk. "With all due respect, what my boy, Willie said was true. What's stopping us from ending you and taking over all a this shit?"

"Funny you should ask." Britnee took her phone from her purse. She tapped it and spoke, "Light 'em up, boys!"

A moment later, the room was filled with thin red beams of light which moved around briefly before settling on the chests and foreheads of Mack and his crew.

"Ahh, hell no!" "What the fuck?" "Where-?" The crew froze.

Mack scowled. "The deal was you come alone!"

Britnee nodded. Yup. And I held up my end. We didn't agree that my crew wouldn't get here before me. Besides, a girl's gotta protect herself an' I'm such a itty bitty thing..."

Mack glared at her but remained still.

Britnee smiled innocently. "So, you gonna can the threats an' talk business?"

Mack exhaled and nodded. "You win. Damn! Bested by itty bitty whitey tighty." He grinned and held out his hands. "Let's talk."

Britnee shimmied and spoke into her phone. "It's all good, guys!"

Instantly, the laser sights disappeared. Mack and his crew relaxed and he and Britnee hashed out the details of their new partnership. Ten minutes later, Mack sat back and lit a fat blunt. He took a long drag before passing it to Britnee.

"I gotta tell ya," he said through a cloud of smoke, "ten per cent makes you look weak."

"It makes me look generous. You've seen my strength." Britnee passed the blunt to one of the crew. "Now," she began, stretching her arms over her head and arching her back, "There's some other business ya might be able to help me with."

She briefly explained the conversation she and Tina had about the lack of black men performing in her videos. "So," she asked, pulling her tube top down, exposing her grapefruit sized tits, "Do ya think you can help a girl out?"

"Mmm mmm mmm!" Mack grunted, rising from his chair. "What you got in mind?"

"Well," Britnee squeezed her heavy tits and looked at all the men, "Why don't you n the boys circle around and pull out your dicks. If'n I Iikes 'em, I'll blow you all... kinda like a signin' bonus. C'mon... show me dem big, black cocks!"

Mack moved in front of her and unzipped. "Fellas, Do what the lady asked."

In seconds, Britnee had half a dozen cocks surrounding her. She looked them over, smiling. "Very nice. Now let's see... Yes, yes, yes, no..., I'm sorry, bud, but yer a little short. Yes, no..., You either, dude. That thing's just not makin' the cut."

Mack motioned for the two men to leave as they started to protest.He looked down at Britnee. "A girl got to have her standards."

Britnee leaned forward and rubbed her hands over Mack's thighs. "Y'all got some real nice dicks, here. Big n fat, n veiny... Just the way I likes em. So, where's your, big mac, Daddy?"

Mack unbuttoned his pants and let them fall to the floor. His long, thick cock sprang loose, slapping Britnee's face.

"Holy Shit!" Britnee gasped. The other cocks were all in the nine to ten inch range and thick. One cock curved up. One down. One straight and, one curved and twisted to the side. But, none of them equaled Mack's. Mack's was at least twelve inches long and every bit of seven in circumference. It rose from his pelvis as straight as a steel pipe with thick, fat veins coursing the length and girth like chiseled stone. The head was at least two inches long, a deep brownish red and shaped like a blunt arrowhead. 

"Oh, my God!" Britnee groaned with lust. She went down on her knees and grasped the monster prick. "This prick is so fuckin' big!"

She began stroking it as best she could as she looked to the cock on her left. With a moan, she grabbed it and lashed the swollen head with her tongue. Keeping her hands in place, Britnee moved to the next one, licking circles around the hot meat. 

"Mmm, you taste so good!" Britnee groaned and turned to the right, licking the cockheads of the men standing before her. She saved Mack's for last. She released her grip on his throbbing cock and began stroking the fat cocks on either side of his as she looked him in the eye. She stuck her tongue out and softly licked the underside of his cockhead, teasing the ultra sensitive flesh. She was rewarded with a large glob of precum that oozed out onto her tongue.

Britnee savored it for a moment before swallowing, never taking her eyes off Mack's. "Ohhh, daddy, you taste so good..." she moaned, stroking the two cocks faster.

"Yo, you gonna suck our dicks or just tease us?" The man on her far left asked, jerking his cock at her. 

"Calm down, bruh," Mack ordered. "This ain't some ghetto rat we bang er'ry day. This girl here is a pro! Let her do her business."

Britnee could feel her cunt leaking, she was so horny. She turned and took the far left man's ten inch tool in her mouth. Bobbing her head, she sucked hard and spit the monster out. "That how you like it? She gasped before sucking it back in to the back of her throat.

"Aww, Fuck!" the man grunted, thrusting his hips.

Britnee sucked his throbbing prick for a few more seconds then switched to the next huge cock. She swallowed half his raging prick before moving to the fat cocks on her right. For the next several minutes, she went back and forth between the four cocks, switching her hands back and forth, stroking the cocks not in her mouth. Spit was dripping off her chin and the pulsing cocks. She sucked for all she was worth, relishing the taste of big, black cock.

"What about me?" Mack laughed. He stood, hands on his hips, footlong monstercock throbbng in Britnee's face.

Britnee gasped for air and grinned. "Slow down, black daddy! I gotta gets warmed up fer a big, fat, horsecock like that!" She swept some braids back over her shoulder and grabbed Mack's dick in both hands. She pumped his shaft hard as she planted her lips over his glans, stabbed her tongue into his piss hole and sucked as hard as she could.

Goddammit!" Mack bellowed, flexing his pelvic muscles to stop himself from cumming. He grabbed his cock at the base and squeezed as hard as he could. "Damn, that's a hot mouth!"

Britnee swept a few more braids from her face. As she did so, several small beads woven into those braids came loose and bounced and rolled under the desk. "Mmm... Boys, Y'all ain't seen nuthin' yet! Now, show me how you treat a dirty little cock suckin' piece o' white trash like me!"

She returned to the cock on her far left, taking it to the back of her throat, choking herself on the heavy meat. The cock's owner groaned and held the back of her head as he began fucking her face. Britnee slobbered and gagged, grunting as she took it deeper.

"Yeah, bitch!" the man hollered, forcing his cock deep, "Get that black dick!"

Britnee pulled back and took a deep breath. She impaled herself on the ten-inch prick, tonguing and sucking it down her hot throat. She swallowed every fat inch down to the root, burying her face in his crotch. She grabbed the cock next to her and slapped it on her face. When she started to pass out, she pulled back slowly, spit and throat slime dripping off the throbbing cock. 

Britnee gasped, "Haaa! Glaah, fuck! I'm beginning ta love black cock!" She glared at the man she just throated, '' that how you like it?" Then, looking at the thug next to him, "You want some a dis, boy?"

"Boy?!?" the man cried. He pulled Britnee's braids hard and stuffed her mouth full of cock. He stuffed his nine-inch dick down her throat in one long push. Britnee came hard, shaking and writhing as she creamed her short shorts. Her heavy, ripe tits shook and slapped against each other as she sucked hard on the huge prick.

"Damn, dis bitch is nasty!" The man exclaimed, pushing Britnee off his cock and smearing his slime coated prick on her face. "I think she gettin' off on the shit!"

"Yo, dawg," the first man grinned, popping his cockhead in and out of Britnee's gasping mouth, "Bet she nasty enough to take both our dicks in that slutty mouth!"

"Oh, Gob Yebbb!" Britnee groaned around the fat cock in her mouth. "Fuck my mouth! Stretch my slut mouth with your big, black cocks! SSSLLLUUURRRPPPP!!"

"Tha's right! Get them big dicks!" "Suck them cocks, you filthy white ho!"

The two men rubbed and slid their bloated cockheads against each other as Britnee tried to fit them both in her mouth. Her tongue was licking every inch of hot flesh it could as she sucked and sputtered and gobbled all their meat. Finally, she had both cocks in her mouth or, rather, the heads. Her lips and jaws were stretched to the ultimate limit and she breathed hard and ragged through her nose. For their part, the horny thugs held her head still as they pumped and prodded her drooling mouth. 

Another orgasm washed over Britnee, soaking her shorts and causing the insatiable blonde to tremble and jerk in sexual ecstasy. Her eyes rolled back in their sockets as she gagged on the hot precum oozing down her throat. She grabbed the nearest pricks with her tiny fists and jerked them violently.

"Yo, bitch! What 'bout this hard ass dick?" Hearing a man on her right snapped her back to reality. Feeling her head being pulled to the voice made her even hornier.

"Fuck Yes!" She cried. "Use me like a whore! Make me your black cock whore!"

She looked up to the man with the nine-inch cock jerking over her face. "Do it, nigga daddy! Stuff your cock down your whore's throat!"

"Whoa, bruh! She called yo ass a nigga! Show her how you do!" one of the men laughed.

The man grabbed Britnee's head in both hands in such a way his thumbs were over her eyes. He pulled her skin back forcing eyes open and glared down at her. "Throat that dick, bitch! He commanded.

"Make me, bitch!" Britnee shot back, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand.

"You asked fo' it, white girl!" The man stabbed his hips forward, sliding his fat cock to the back of Britnee's willing throat. He reared back and stabbed again. And again. The last time he kept pushing forward pressing his cock in inch by inch. All the while, he kept Britnee's eyes open, forcing her to stare him in the face.

Britnee sucked and massaged his fat prick with her throat as tears welled up. Not being able to blink made her eyes burn and sting. The pain only helped her resolve and she milked the donkey dick with fury.

"Ahh, Fuck me!" the man groaned, feeling his cock about to explode. Before he did, he released Britnee who dove on the fourth cock and used it to give herself a tonsillectomy!

Britnee felt another orgasm building deep in her belly, She released the long, thick cock from her throat's vise like grip and used her hands to catch the drool from her mouth and rub it on her heavy tits. "Goddamm, I love black cock!" She spit on the hard cocks in her face. "I Fucking love Big Black Cock!"

Mack twisted his fist in her braids and pulled hard, bringing her over to his ultra gigantic prick. "Then you gonna love this shit!" he groaned.

Gripping his twelve-inch plus cock at the base, Mack slapped the heavy dong on Britnee's glistening face. The tiny blonde jerked from the blow and grinned up at her attacker.

"Beat me, daddy! Beat your fucking slut! Leave a fucking mark! Beat me like the little white whore I am!" Britnee cried. "Make me a whore for black cock!"

Mack cock whipped her over and over, not leaving an inch of flesh untouched by his massive club. Britnee squealed and moaned and begged for more. She stroked and jerked the other cocks as she tried to catch Mack's cock in her mouth.

"Give it to me, daddy! Gimme that big, fat dick! Wreck my throat with that fuckin' huge cunt breaker!"

Mack responded by sliding his fat prick into Britnee's hungry mouth. The tiny slut squealed and gagged on the glans as it filled her mouth. She sucked and sucked and bobbed her head, desperately trying to get as many inches as she could down her throat. The tip banged the back of her throat as she grunted and moaned. 

Pulling her head back, Britnee gave the swollen head a tongue bath before licking the length of the fat vein on the underside of the massive prick. "Uhh, Goddamn," she groaned. "Slupp Slurp! Fuck, it's so big!" 

She grabbed the mighty tool with both hands and jerked it as hard as she could. Mack's dick was so thick, she couldn't wrap her fingers all the way around it! Britnee took it in her mouth again, sucking hard. Mack thrust in and out, trying to force more dick into her. Spit drooled from the corners of her mouth as she hoovered the thick meat.

"C'mon, you dirty bastard!" Britnee gasped for air. "Is that the best ya got?" She spat on the throbbing cock and jerked it in her hands.

"Careful what you wish for, bitch!" Mack replied. He grabbed her head in both hands and held her tight as he thrust hard into her mouth again. This time, he hit the back of her throat and kept pushing. Tears streamed down Britnee's cheeks as she felt the bloated head enter her throat. Slowly, Mack's dong went deeper and deeper.
