 Author's note: The character of Debra Tahtaz, her voice, speech patterns, and accent are a combination of actress Judy Holiday, 80s pornstar Kelly Richards and Mayor Quimby's mistress from "The Simpsons". 

*****

"Goddamn, Larry, this is some hot shit," Britnee exclaimed. 

Larry raised his head from between Britnee's thighs and looked over his shoulder. "Yeah... it is some good stuff," he replied. 

Britnee slapped the top of his head. "I didn't say stop."

Larry turned back and resumed licking Britnee's wet pussy. The pair were on Britnee's bed watching a scene Lara had done just before her breast enhancement surgery.

On the fifty-five inch flat screen opposite the bed, Lara was lying on her side slowly stroking Eddie's long, fat cock while licking the swollen tip. Joe was lying against her, holding her long, shapely leg high as he slid his fat dick in and out of her tight pussy.

"Dude! The angle you got there... the way you fit it all in the frame? Perfect!" Britnee spread her legs wider. "Who'da thunk it, a nerdy, creepy dork like you could actually be useful for somethin'? I mean, yer a cinematic genius like... mmmm... More of that."

Larry mumbled, "I'll take that as a compliment, I guess," and continued licking the hot flesh crushed against his face. 

"And Lara's recovering well enough," Britnee continued. "She might be gettin' the bandages off today. Not like mama... right there! Right fucking there...! I mean, Frank's gone through hell the past week the way mama's been cryin' and fussin' like they did open heart surgery on her... Yes! Yes! Yes! Eat it! OHHHH! OHHHHH! Eat Me!!"

Larry's tongue was dancing circles around Britnee's throbbing clit. He slipped a finger deep in her drooling cunt and rubbed against her G-spot. Britnee thrashed and bucked her hips against his face.

"Yes! Do it!" she cried. "Yer gonna make me cu-"

A loud knock on the door interrupted her cries. "What the fucking holy fuck!?! Seriously?"

Britnee pushed Larry's head back and rolled off the bed. She pulled her shirt down over her fat tits and grabbed a pair of shorts as she ran for the trailer's front door.

"Of all the... motherfucker better have a good reason... I was just about to... Oh! Hey!" Britnee was happily surprised as she opened the door to find Debra Tahtaz on the front step.

"Hey, kid," Miss Tahtaz grinned. "I hope I ain't interruptin' youz or nuthin'."

Debra Tahtaz was standing in a pair of sneakers, jeans that looked painted onto her full, round hips and a shiny, burgundy blouse that was unbuttoned and tied just below her enormous, perfectly spheroid, surgically enhanced, 9000cc breasts. Her thick, long, brunette curls did little to cover her monstrously huge chest. 

Britnee mumbled, "So big..." then blinked and shook her head. "I'm sorry," she continued, "Please! Come in! Larry! Get dressed! We got company!

Miss Tahtaz stepped inside. "It's alright, kid. I get that look all da time! Hey... youz gotta nice little place here."

"Thanks. It's okay. Umm, what's up?" Britnee was trying not to stare at the massive cleavage just inches from her face with little success.

Debra set down the bag she was shouldering. "Well, officially, I'm heah to check on yer mom and yer lady friend and, unofficially... I wanted ta talk to youz about yer offer to do some a dat sexy bizness youz mentioned oylier."

Just then, Larry walked into the room. "Holy shit," he exclaimed. "Those are huge!"

Miss Tahtaz giggled at the sight of Larry standing slack-jawed staring at her enormous chest. "Well, hi," she said, noticing the equally enormous bulge in his cargo shorts that threatened to break through the fabric. "Dat's a nice, big salami yuh gots dere in yer pants."

"Shit," Britnee frowned at Larry. "Put your eyes back in their sockets and pick up yer jaw, dimwit! An' get lost! Me and Miss Tahtaz got stuff to do. Go over to mama's and tell her to get dressed. We'll be there in a few."

"B, buh... but..." Larry stammered.

Britnee slapped the back of his head and pushed him towards the door. "I said git!"

"He's cute," Miss Tahtaz said after the door closed. "Is that yer boyfriend?"

Britnee looked stunned. "Him? What? Boyfriend? Oh, hell no! That little creep is my main videographer and part-time stud. Where are my manners... Drink?"

"Shooah. Bourbon if yuh gots any. Fer a creep, he shooah gots a big package."

"Yeah," Britnee replied, handing Debra her glass. "I gotta admit, he sure knows how ta use it. Please, sit."

The two sat and sipped their drinks and made small talk. Britnee was growing hornier by the minute, she couldn't take her eyes off Miss Tahtaz's huge, fake tits. She felt almost hypnotized by them but, not the way she felt when Julie was near. This was pure, raging lust for tit flesh.

"So...," Britnee said, leaning closer to her guest, "You stopped by to check on Lara?"

"Yeah," Mis Tahtaz replied, finishing her drink. "Da doctuh got called away fer a special meetin' and since I had da rest a da day off, I said I stop by fer da checkup and here I am."

"Great!" Britnee set her glass down and stood. "Lara's in the back bedroom. She might be asleep. I gotta say, I didn't expect to see you out of your uniform when I opened the door.

Debra stood, grinning at Britnee. "Yeah, well... I only wear 'em at the office. They're so tight I'm afraid they'll bust if I'm outside an' I don't wanna go to jail fer public exposure. I get enough attention just like this."

"Umm...," Britnee said shyly. "Do you think, maybe... um... I could..."

"See 'em? Shoouh, kid. Here yuh go!"

Miss Tahtaz gripped the edge of her open shirt in one hand, slipped the other hand under the fabric and pulled her huge tit out. She repeated the moves with her other tit. It was a series of moves she had perfected years before. The desired effect registered on Britnee's face. The younger woman was practically drooling as the massive tits came into full view.

"So... big...," Britnee murmured. "So big and heavy and round... Miss Tahtaz, you're so beautiful! Your tits! Oh my God! So fucking big!"

Debra held her massive juggs in her hands and stepped closer to Britnee, pressing them against her face. "Go ahead, shorty, give 'em a kiss." 

Britnee moaned softly at the touch of the soft flesh on her cheek. She kissed the giant tit tentatively then, as her lust washed over her, grabbed the tit with both hands and lashed the nipple with her tongue.

Miss Tahtaz sighed and pressed against Britnee. Britnee's lips locked onto the hard nipple and the tiny slut sucked for all she was worth. Debra groaned with ecstasy. Britnee released her grip and moved to the other tit.

"Oh, fuck," she groaned. "I can't get enough! You taste so good! Your tits are so fuckin' big!"

Miss Tahtaz felt her knees buckling under her. She pressed her tits against Britnee's face and then, pulled herself back. 

"Jeezuhs, kid," Debra moaned, breathing deeply. "Ya gettin' me all woiked up heah. If we don't stop, I'll Nevah gets my woik done!"

Britnee massaged the massive tits in front of her. "What's the hurry? Ya gotta be somewhere?"

Miss Tahtaz grinned and stuffed her oversized tits back into her shirt harness. "Foist bizniss then, pleasure," she replied with a smoldering look. "Now. Whayuhs the foist payshunt?"

"Okay, c'mon," Britnee grumbled, ignoring the low pulsing in her hot, wet pussy. She led the way to the back bedroom. 

Britnee rapped on the door. "Hey, Boo? You awake?" She opened the door enough to stick her head in. "Boo?"

"I am now," Lara snapped angrily.

"Yeah, sorry," Britnee stepped into the room. "So wake up. The doctor is in."

Lara lay in a tangle of sheets and pillows. She threw a pillow at Britnee before noticing Miss Tahtaz 

"Hey, sweetie," Miss Tahtaz grinned and set her bag on the nightstand.

"Umm, uh, hi, Debra!" Lara fumbled for her glasses and tried to smooth out her hair as she stared open-mouthed at Debra's huge tits. She smiled and tried to straighten the extra large sweatshirt she was wearing.. "Please excuse the mess, I..."

Miss Tahtaz chuckled. "It's awright, sweetie. I'm just here to check on yer recovery an' replace the bandages."

Lara smiled as seductively as she could. "Oh, why, yes! I'd love for you to examine me."

"Great!" Miss Tahtaz turned and reached into her bag. Britnee frowned at Lara and mouthed the words "You are such a slut." at her. Lara grinned back and mouthed, "Fuck you, bitch." back at Britnee then stuck her tongue out. She quickly smiled up at Debra as she turned back.

"Okay, beautiful," Miss Tahtaz smiled, "Let's see them big ole boobies!"

Lara blushed. "They aren't as big as yours, Deb." She reached for the hem of her shirt. "Wait. Boo? You gotta wait outside."

"Wait. What?" Britnee frowned."Why? You always stay in the room when I'm at the doctors'."

"That's cuz you're a wimp. Now, shoo!" Lara waved at the door.

"But I wanna see 'em!" Britnee protested. "I been waitin' to get my hands on em!"

"Boo, I want you to see them but, right now they're all sore and bloated and bruised. I don't want you to see them 'til I look beautiful again!"

Miss Tahtaz turned to Britnee. "It's okay, shorty. It'll just be a few minutes."

Britnee sighed. "Okay..." she walked out of the room, muttering, "I ain't no fuckin wimp..."

A short time later, Miss Tahtaz joined Britnee in the living room. "Da payshunt is in great shape," she announced.

Britnee perked up. "When will-"

"Da bandages can come off in a few days. Da sutchuhs will fall off soon aftah, probably when she gets a showah. And da bruises will go away soon enough like."

Britnee sighed with relief. "And she's healthy?"

"Aw, yeauh... She's fine. No signs of infection. She's healthier than a... well a... healthy poyson outta ta be." Miss Tahtaz smiled. 

"Awesome," Britnee grabbed her purse. "So I guess ya wanna check out my mom. She's next door. But, I gotta warns ya, It's kinda freaky over there. That's where we got our production studio.and we're always filming something over there."

"Aww, no sweat, babe," Miss Tahtaz replied, following Britnee out the door. "Can't be any woise den da stuff I saw back in my strippuh days."

Britnee, momentarily mesmerized by Debra's bouncing, jiggling tits shook her head. "You were a stripper?"

"Oh, Yeauh! I had ta woik my way through noysing school somehow. Dat's why I got dese babies pumped up in da foist place. Went from a B cup to a double D! Man, my income tripled almost overnight!" Debra hefted her mighty rack. "Now I'm a 36 HHH. Ha! Like da wrestluh! Ha!"

Britnee burst into laughter. As they reached the door to Brandee's double-wide trailer, they heard grunting and screaming coming from inside.

"We're here," Britnee said. "Don't say I didn't warn ya."

They were greeted inside by the site of Jed kneeling with a camera pointed towards a group of legs and asses on the floor. It took Britnee a moment to realize he was filming a double penetration scene. Tina was sandwiched between Joe and Jayden, getting her asshole and pussy thoroughly stuffed by their heavy pricks.

"Fuck me! Fuck my tiny holes," Tina screamed. "Fuckit!Fuckit!Fuckit! Yes!Yes!YES!!"

Britnee looked at Miss Tahtaz. The hugely endowed brunette was watching with a mixture of shock and lust in her eyes. Britnee giggled.

"That's Tina. She works at the club. And she wants to meet Dr. Ritter." Brinee said.

"She coitainly looks like she's enjoyin' them cocks. And those are some big cocks," Miss Tahtaz whispered excitedly. "I'm gettin' all woiked up ovuh heuh!"

Britnee took her hand. "C'mon."

She led the way to the first bedroom. The door was open. Nomi was lying on the bed with her legs spread wide. She was massaging her big, implant heavy tits as a skinny, flat-chested blonde girl eagerly licked her cunt. 

"Ooooo, lick my poosy! Eat meeeee!!" Nomi groaned "Lick m-MMhhllppphhh!"

Larry was kneeling next to Nomi's face feeding her his ten inch cock as he filmed the scene.

"Her soigeon did a great job," Whispered Debra. "Those tits look great!"

Britnee nodded. That's Nomi. We call her the Brazilian Bombshell. The tiny thing eating her out is our new girl, Tiffany. They work at the club too."

"She looks like a teenager. Is she old enough? I mean,"

"Oh, yeah," Britnee grinned. She's older than me. Twenty six or twenty seven I think. She looks young but, she's a goddamn freak! Last night she rode my strapon for an hour while my studs fucked her ass over and over..." Britnee shuddered momentarily. "It was fuckin' hot!"

"I think I'm goin' ta like iit heuh," Miss Tahtaz grinned. "I'm juicin' my panties heuh!"

"SSLLLUUUURRRRPPPP!! Suck my clitty! EatMeeeeeeee!!" Nomi cried.

"Okay, let's go. Mama's gotta be around here somewhere." Britnee turned.

The next door opened to Frank Maple sitting in a chair, watching a video on the UHDTV opposite him. He was slowly stroking his enormous, twelve inch cock.as he watched. Large globs of precum formed at the tip as he stroked and trickled down the shaft like a slow lava flow.

"Jeez, Frank," Britnee exclaimed."What the fuck you doin' in here?" 

"Oh, ummm...," Frank looked over, "Brandee is asleep and I was, well, kinda horny so..." He shrugged and continued stroking his cock. The tv screen was filled with the moving image of Frank's massive dick sliding in and out of Brandee's fat, round ass.

Britnee watched for a moment. "That is a hot scene... So, why you here? Why didn't you join one of the scenes we're shooting in the other rooms?"

"Because my mask is in the laundry." Frank looked away, embarrassed.

Britnee smacked herself on the forehead. "Anyways, Miss Tahtaz is here to check on Mama's recovery. You said she's asleep? "

Miss Tahtaz stepped into the room. Her jaw hit the floor when she saw Frank's cock. "Dat's da biggest dick I evah saw..." She muttered half to herself.

Frank's eyes threatened to pop out of his skull as he saw Miss Tahtaz. "Holy Shit! Those are the biggest tits I ever saw," He cried.

Britnee laughed and shook her head. "Frank? This is Miss Tahtaz. Dr. Ritter's assistant. Debra, this is Frank Maple. My mom's fiance and my sometime boyfriend."

The two stared at each other's endowments. Several seconds passed before Britnee touched Debra's arm.

"Umm, Deb?" Britnee giggled.

Miss Tahtaz continued to watch Frank fist his cock. "Could I, Ya know..., just fer a minute... maybe..."

Britnee shrugged. "Why not?"

In the blink of an eye, Miss Tahtaz whipped her shirt off, liberating her enormous, fake tits. She dropped to her knees at Frank's feet and stared at his huge cock. "Ya don't mind, do ya, stud?"

Frank stared at her tits. "Oh, hell no. I don't mind a bit!"

Debra leaned forward and pressed her heavy tits around Frank's prick. It was slick with precum. She began bouncing slowly, sliding his huge, throbbing cock between them. Debra moaned as she felt the hot, stiff rod against her skin. Frank watched, dumbfounded, as his cock disappeared in her cleavage.

"Oh my God! That's fucking amazing! It's like nothing I ever felt before," Frank groaned. He couldn't help but slowly thrust his hips.

Miss Tahtaz grinned up at him. "Dat's eighteen liters of super-enhanced tits, yer fuckin', stud. It oughtta feel amazin'!"

She started fucking him faster, squeezing her tits tighter against him. Frank's cockhead popped up between her tits, slapping her chin.

"Oh! Hello," Debra giggled. "Let's have a lick." 

She slurped up a wad of precum from the tip and groaned. "Mmm... Dat's da sweetest t'ing I ever tasted!"

Debra stuck her tongue out and licked Frank's throbbing head every time it poked through her deep cleavage.

Frank reached out and grasped Debra's enormous juggs. Debra released her grip and let Frank pump her tits as fast and hard as he wanted. She licked and sucked at the head and moaned softly as he fucked her massive tits.

"It's so unbelievably good," Frank cried. "They're so firm... yet so soft. Like fucking two massive beach balls made out of hot tit flesh!"

Britnee watched, leaning against the door. She had a hand down her shorts and was wantonly fingering her dripping pussy. Frank's huge dick always made her horny but, Debra's huge tits were pushing her over the edge. She was about to strip off her clothes and join them when she remembered why they were there.

She walked over and shook Debra's shoulder. "Hey, babe, c'mon,' she said. "Debra. Debra! Hey, lady, you got work to do!"

Britnee pulled Miss Tahtaz back and away from Frank. Frank groaned,"No!" but Britnee wouldn't have it. "C'mon, nurse, you have a patient to look after."

Miss Tahtaz sat back on her heels and sighed deeply. "Sorry, kid, I gots a little carried away." She tied her shirt under her heaving tits and stood. Looking at Frank she grinned, "Don't woiry, stud, I gotta feelin' we'll be hookin' up soon. Okay kid, let's go see yer mom."

Frank frowned. "Hey, wait a minute! What about this?" He pointed to his cock. "What about my needs?"

Britnee frowned back at him and crossed her arms over her chest. "Bae? How much pussy did you get today? Hmm? How many times you cum already today?"

Frank looked down at his feet. "I dunno... maybe five or six maybe..."

"Okay, then you can just do what you were doin' before we showed up. 'Kay?"

Frank replied sullenly, "Okay..."

Outside in the hallway, Miss Tahtaz stopped and looked at Britnee. "Did he just say he came like six times today?"

Britnee smiled. "Yeah, Frank's a freak of nature. He's got that dick an' he can come as many times as you want. An' he never goes soft and he shoots like, gallons of cum. Gallons! Anytime, every time. I love him to death!"

She stifled a guffaw as she watched the look of shock on Debra's face. Britnee banged on the door behind her. "Wake up, Mama! Time to get yer tits checked out!"

Brandee was tying a robe around herself as they entered. "You don't have to shout, dear. I was just gettin' dressed. Hello, Miss Tahtaz. It's so nice to see you again."

"Hi, yerself, lady," Miss Tahtaz replied. "I'm heuh to check out yer progress and recovery."

"Oh," Brandee beamed, "I feel wonderful. I think I'm ready for a new wardrobe. I see a shopping spree in my future."

"I guess you want me to leave the room, now?" Britnee asked, trying not to show her annoyance.

"I don't mind if you stay, dear," Brandee smiled at her daughter, " You know I've never been shy around you."

Britnee made a face like she'd just tasted sour cheese. "Yeah, I know. Okay, well, Ima raids yer closet while you're busy."

Miss Tahtaz began her work, taking Brandee's vitals. Britnee rummaged through Brandee's closet, throwing clothes she liked onto a chair and clothes she didn't like on the floor.

"Ima takin' this top," She called over to her mother. "An' this an', this one... not this... Why in the holy fuck did you ever think this looked good on you?"

"Babygirl, hush," Brandee scolded. "Miss Tahtaz is trying to examine me."

It's awright, Mrs. Lain, I don't mind," Miss Tahtaz grinned. "I gotta say, lady... You gotta great lookin' set o' cans theyuh. The doctor did a great job on ya. Okay... I think we're all done. Now, keep them wrapped foh a few more days and say... Saturday, you should be ready to knock 'em dead."

"What about the stitches?" Brandee looked worried. 

"Ah, no problem, deauh. They'll fall out in a few days. Prolly the next time you shower."

Brandee smiled. "That's wonderful! Umm, Britnee? Where's Frank?"

"Last time I checked, down the hall, beating his meat."

Brandee's eyes filled with lust. "If you'll excuse me, I'm in need of a protein shake"

She ran out of the room.

"Congrats on yer upcoming nupchoouls!" Miss Tahtaz called after her. "So, kid, ya wanted ta talk me inta woikin' fer ya? I gotta tells ya, I'm convinced." 
