 "Nomi? Why is the club so empty?"

Nomi strode over to the table Julie Juggs was sitting at. The silver bikini top she wore did little to cover her extra large, enhanced tits. "Aye, Miss Julie. Is the time where everybody works. It will soon be five and then everybody come here to watch the boom-boom."

Julie sighed and shook her head. "I meant where are all the girls?"

Nomi blushed. "Sorry. Well, most of the night shift are maybe still sleeping i guess."

Julie nodded. Yeah..."

She leaned back and stretched her arms over her head. She was wearing a tight, shiny, Under Armour shirt that looked glued onto her enormous, 8000ccs breasts. The hem of the shirt barely covered the lower curve of her tits exposing her flat, toned, bare midriff. Her skin was a deep bronze from hours in the sun and tanning bed.

Nomi moved behind Julie and began rubbing her shoulders. "You know, boss... since it's so slow now and there is nobody here to see... maybe we could relieve some of this tension you build up in here."

Julie closed her eyes and let Nomi's fingers work her tight muscles. She could feel the swell of the Brazilian girl's fat tits against her head. She started growing warm and sticky between her thighs and was about to give in to Nomi's suggestion when her phone buzzed.

"Shit," Julie sighed and opened her eyes. She thumbed her phone. "It's Britnee."

The text stated: Hey Boss Come on over n chk out Laras new tits Kisses

"Great," Julie half-shouted. "Soon Britnee will get hers! Nomi, watch the place. I gotta run!"

Julie jumped and made for the exit. Nomi, already wet and horny, looked around for someone to fuck. As the club was empty, she sighed and sat down alone.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Okay, Boo," Britnee kissed Lara's cheek. "Just like we discussed."

I know, Boo. I've done enough photoshoots. Not my first time." Lara said, annoyed.

"I know, Boo," Britnee wiped the corner of Lara's mouth with a finger. "It's just that, damn. I think I'm more nervous about your big titty debut than you are."

"Aww, Boo! That's so sweet! But, really... I'm going to be standing in the kitchen taking my shirt off. Big deal."

"Okay, well..." Britnee looked at Larry. "Y'all ready?"

"Yeah," Larry replied. "Let's do this. And... Go!"

Larry held an expensive 35mm Ultra HD photo camera. Jed was shooting the main video with Eddy shooting long shots and alternate angles.

"Who' da thought you'd need three cameras for one girl, right?" Britnee giggled. 

Lara walked into the kitchen and into Larry's frame. "This spot good?" Larry nodded as he snapped away.

Lara was dressed in a pair of white sneakers, a pair of sheer, lacy knee-length white leggings and, an orange tube top she had borrowed from Britnee. She smiled at the camera and thrust her chest out. For the next several minutes, Lara posed, showing off her fabric clad new, bigger tits. She squeezed them and massaged them through her tight top while chatting with Britnee as the men snapped photos and video.

"When do you want me to get naked," Lara glared seductively at the camera.

"Larry," Britnee looked at her cameraman.

Larry shrugged and kept shooting. "Anytime you like. I have plenty of tease shots already."

"Do it, Boo," Britnee grinned. "Let them puppies out!"

Britnee leaned against the refrigerator and traced a finger over the 'landing strip" of pubic hair above her moistening pussy. She was naked save for a pair of platform sandals and a thin, silver waist chain with a silver charm that read, "Property of Lara"

that hugged her hips.

Lara made a goofy face and hooked her thumbs under the fabric covering the top of her boobs. She smiled and slowly pulled the fabric down over one tit almost to the nipple then, pulled it back up. She repeated with the other tit. "A wanna see 'em," she teased.

She repeated the teasing then yanked the top down exposing her new, perfectly spheroid tits to the camera. 

Jed let out a low whistle. "Damn, those are some nice titties!"

Britnee nodded in agreement and snapped a picture with her phone. "Social media tease..."

Lara laughed and cupped her tits in her hands. She squeezed them and massaged them and tweaked the nipples. "God, I love them,' she giggled. 

"So do I," groaned Jed.

Yup," agreed Larry.

Lara spent the next several minutes posing, showing off her new, big tits. Larry and Jed captured her new look from every possible angle. "Should I take my leggings off, now," she asked.

Britnee nodded. She was growing wetter by the minute watching her friend pose. "Sure, Boo. If you wants too."

Lara grinned at her and turned away from the camera. Larry knelt to shoot up, framing her long, toned legs and small, sweetly round ass. Lara turned three quarters from the camera and with her feet apart, bent her knees slightly, sticking her backside out. She gripped the hem off her leggings in both hands and ever so slowly peeled them down, exposing her soft, round cheeks. The camera angle captured both her sweet ass and her large, fake tit. Larry groaned with approval.

"Oh yeah, that's the money shot," He exclaimed, snapping away.

Lara turned and gripped her butt cheeks. She spread them wide, exposing her tiny, tight anus and glistening cunt lips. "Fuck! This is making me so horny," She moaned.

Everyone in the room agreed.

Lara pulled her leggings down to her ankles and with a little help from Eddie, over her shoes. With her legs free, she turned back to the camera and leaned against the kitchen counter. She spread her legs and massaged her new tits before tracing a finger over her belly and down to her wet slit. She teased her slit then lifted the finger to her mouth, never taking her eyes off Larry and his camera.

"Mmm," she moaned, licking her fingertip and sucking it. She then rubbed her fingertip on her rock hard nipple. Britnee felt her pussy convulse a little as she watched.

"Fuck, Boo! That is so hot," Britnee groaned. "You are so fucking sexy!"

"Aww, Boo. Stop," Lara replied. While cupping a big, round, fake tit in her hand, Lara lifted a long, supple leg and planted her foot on the countertop. She teased her wet cunt with her fingers as she shot a smoldering look to the camera.

A knock at the door made everyone freeze. Britnee frowned and looked out the window.

"Holy shit," she almost screamed. "It's Julie!"

She opened the door. "Hi, boss!"

Julie didn't expect to be greeted by a naked Britnee. "Uh, hi, Britnee," she said. "Um, did I come at a bad time?"

"Nah, we're just watching Lara show off her new tits. C'mon in!"

Julie stepped inside. Larry, Jed, and Eddie saw Julie's massive chest and shouted almost simultaneously, "Holy shit! Look at the size of those tits!"

Julie was used to the effects her massive, bowling ball-sized tits had on people. She grinned. "Hi, boys! Nice to meet ya! Hi. Lara! My, those are some sweet looking tits you got there!"

Lara blushed and shrugged. "Aww..."

"Come here and let me get a better look," Julie held out her arms.

Lara rushed over and gave Julie a tight hug. They embraced for a moment as Julie crushed Lara against her huge tits. They kissed deeply before Julie stepped back and examined the dark-haired girl's breasts.

"Mmm, yes," she said, caressing Lara's firm, spheroid tits. "I love the shape. And the size is perfect for your frame. Hell, like you stuffed softballs under your skin. Not too small but not too big... On your slender frame, they look absolutely ridiculous! In a sexy, cock-stiffening good way! I love them, sweety! The nipple placement... slightly above the curve, like you rotated your tits up... simply perfect."

"Aww, gosh, boss," Lara blushed again. "That's so sweet!"

Julie continued. "I'm thinking we should get you up on the stage dancing. You would make so much more than just waiting tables."

Britnee, standing behind Lara, looked desperately at Julie and shook her head. "Um..."

"What do you think, Brit," Julie asked.

"I think we should discuss that later. Lara still has a few shoots to do and I'm still waiting for my hug."

"Oh, babe," Julie turned and pulled Britnee to her chest. "I'm sorry."

She kissed Britnee deeply, grinding her tits against Britnee lewdly.

It took a moment for Britnee to compose herself when Julie broke the kiss. "Umm... let me get you a drink."

Julie noticed the cameras and studio lighting setup. "Oh, I don't want to be in the way..."

Britnee shook her head. "Yer not. We were just finishing up the first set an' was gonna take a break while Lara changes and the boys reset the lights. Right, guys?"

Lara grinned. "Yep! I'm going to put on that hot pink bodysuit and matching heels for the next one. How about we clear off the coffee table for the next shoot?"

"Great idea, Boo." Britnee gave her a light slap on the ass. "Go git even more sexy for me, baby. If that's even possible you sexy girl."

Britnee motioned towards the sofa. Make yerself at home, Julie, while I gets some refreshments."

She looked towards the three men. Larry, Jed, and Eddie were standing, staring slack-jawed at Julie and her more than enormous tits. 

"Hey!" Britnee glared at the trio. "Dimwits! Hey! Do I pay you idiots to gawk like morons? Get to work!"

The three horny studs fumbled and fidgeted with their cameras and lighting all the while stealing glances at Julie. Britnee sat next to Julie and handed her a drink. "Here, boss. Try a line of this new shit. My guy says it's straight from Bolivia."

"Oh, my," Julie sniffed. "That is some good shit!"

"You guys want a bump? Yeah? Help yourselves." Britnee held out the tray.

"Britnee, I just love how Lara's breasts turned out. She is so lovely. And in a few months, when her skin isn't so tight... She'll be absolutely stunning. What did she go with? They look like 1000ccs."

"You got a great eye, lady. Yeah, 1000ccs of silicone gel per tit. The Doc said her skin had just enough elasticity to start out with such a big set." Britnee couldn't help staring at Julie's huge rack.

"And now, you'll be getting yours as well?" Julie turned, giving Britnee a better view of her tits.

Britnee grinned. "Yeah... next week. Mama's getting married on Saturday, her tits look amazin', by the way, and I'm going under the knife on Tuesday. The Doc says with the size of my tits, we can start with 1600ccs easy. He says it'll look like I got at least 6000ccs per boob! Fuck, that's hot!"

"Oh, I'm so excited for you!" Julie grabbed Britnee and hugged tightly to her chest.

Lara walked back into the room dressed in jeans and an open blouse over the tube top she had worn earlier. The blouse did little to hide her new, fat tits. "I gotta put the shoot on hold, Boo."

"What's up, Boo?" Britnee stood and moved to her lover.

"There's a problem at the server farm. One I need to deal with personally. It shouldn't take more than a few hours. Julie? I'm sorry I gotta run like thi-. Hey..., y'all gonna fuck while I'm gone, aren't you?"

Britnee looked down with a guilty look on her face. "Yeah... If you stay, we could all fuck, right, boss?"

"Well," Julie smiled. "It had crossed my mind. I have to admit, part of the reason I came here today was to tell you two I want in. I want to join my site with yours and make some mega-busty big titty porn. Rob and I think it would be a great addition to our already successful partnership."

Britnee and Lara stared open-mouthed at Julie, then each other, then at Julie again.

"Yes. Yes. Yes!!" Britnee hugged Julie. She hugged Lara. She would have hugged Jed but, no.

Lara hugged Julie then grabbed her bag and headed out the door. "I'll call the lawyers and get the contracts ready from the car. Oh, and social media! Have fun!"

Britnee smiled at Julie. "We are gonna break the fucking internet, lady! Fuck! This is gonna be so hot!"

Julie downed her drink. "You. Me. The hottest girls from the club... not to mention... um, I gotta ask," she leaned close to Britnee and whispered, "Not to be rude, but, how do you find guys with such big dicks but are so, um... so...,"

"Ugly?" Britnee almost shouted then cackled with mirth. "Yeah, they is some homely motherfuckers but, boy can they fuck!"

"Careful," Britnee thought. "She might be fishing. Can't let her know what we know..."

So," she looked at Julie. "If ya got nothin' going on today, how about we get this new partnership started? I don't know about you but, I ain't had no pussy or dick since breakfast. And, between you and my Boo, I'm so fucking horny I could cum right now just sittin' here!"

Julie grinned. "I think it's a great idea. Rob's out of town and I am in need of some relief. Let's do this!"

Britnee looked to her trio of studs. They were obviously eager for action. "Okay, morons, let's see... move those lights over here, we're going to shoot on the couch. If that's cool with you, boss?" Julie nodded. "Larry? You're on point. Eddie, you shoot the pics and Jed? Git the monster ready to roar. Julie? I'm thinkin' we start on the couch, get each other off half a dozen times then fuck Jed to death. Cool? Cool. You need to freshen up, babe?"

Julie set her glass down and pulled Britnee in for a deep, long tongue filled kiss. "What do you think, dear?"

Britnee trembled slightly, "I love my job," she whispered softly. "You idiots ready? Okay, I'll introduce Julie. She'll strip and then we fuck. Let's go!"

Larry positioned himself in front of the sofa and framed Britnee in his lens. "And... Action!"

Britnee sat back, naked, on the sofa, legs open, toking on the joint she had just lit. Hey, folks! Britnee Busted here. I got a surprise for you. Today, I'm announcin' a partnership that'll break the Goddamn internet! The hottest, sexiest, most beautiful, and soon to be biggest striptease feature dancer on the planet, did I mention she has an amazing set o' titties, Julie Juggs is joinin' our little website here. That's right! Julie fuckin' Juggs! Here 'n now!"

"If'n you don't know who she is, check out her site. We gots the address below. She is so hot, I get wet just thinkin' 'bout her. So, without further ado... Say hello to Ms. Julie Juggs"

Larry shifted his focus to Julie who was sitting next to Britnee. Julie exhaled some pot smoke and smiled. She was sitting up, knees together with her hands in her lap. She waved at the camera. 

"Hi. I'm Julie Juggs. And yes, they're huge." She hefted her massive tits for a moment then looked at Britnee.

"Welcome to the family, Julie," Britnee grinned. "How does it feel to be part of the biggest semi-amateur porn site on the web?"

"I don't know, I just got here," Julie giggled, shaking her chest a bit.

"Well," Britnee hit the joint. "Maybe you can tell us why you finally decided to accept my offer to join forces?"

Julie grinned again. "Oh, that's easy. I have a good site. My production team is tops and my feature dancing, you know, I appear and dance at clubs all over the country, is growing bigger by the week but... well, fuck! You and your team here at BritneeBustedXXX are on fire! I mean, your videos are so fucking hot, so damn raw and unfiltered... I cum so hard when I watch your stuff! I just had to get in on the action. And you, sweet girl, are a fucking firecracker! You are the most sexually explosive bitch I have ever met. I love our time together and I can't wait to get my hands and lips, and tongue on you and in you."

"Lady,' Britnee turned and slipped her hand behind Julie's head. She pulled the older woman to her. "You ain't gotta wait long."

She brushed her lips over Julie's, then turned to the camera. "I almost forgot, folks, this will prolly be my last video before I gets my own set of big, fat jumbo titties! Yup! I'm gettin' some big ole fake ones!"

She turned back to Julie and kissed her deeply. Julie held Britnee's face in her hands as they kissed long and hard. Britnee's hands were busy massaging Julie's huge tits.

"C' mon, lady," Britnee half moaned. "Show 'em yer tits."

She released her grip on Julie's shirt stretchers and moved out of the way. Julie sat up and smiled at the camera. She traced her fingers down her neck and over her enormous, round tits. "Mmm, I love touching my big tits," she moaned, squeezing her fat juggs through her skintight top.

Larry moved the camera down to frame the underside of Julie's huge tits that her shirt couldn't cover. The angle made them look even bigger. Julie smiled coyly down at the lens and started slowly peel her shirt up over her firm, round skin. Just below the nipples, she stopped and wagged a finger at Larry.

"Not yet," she teased.

She peeled the shirt down and unfastened her jeans. Turning away from the camera, she peeled her jeans down over her round ass. She wasn't wearing panties. She kicked off her shoes and stepped out of her pants and bent over, clutching her buttcheeks and spreading them wide, exposing her freshly shaved pussy and asshole. Her cunt lips were slick with juice.

"I love getting my holes stuffed with a big, thick cock," Julie moaned.

She turned again, using both hands to spread her pussy open. "Put it right here, baby. Stick it in my little pussy," She moaned again.

She posed for a minute or so, touching her pussy and licking the juice from her fingers then winked at Larry and gripped the hem of her shirt. Once again, she peeled the skintight material up over her perfect, 8000ccs fake tits. This time, she didn't stop and lifted the shirt up and over her head, releasing her constrained flesh.

"Oh, fuck! They're so big," Larry groaned.

Julie laughed and threw the top away. Grabbing her huge, perfectly round tits in her hands, she gave the camera a smoldering look. "They are big. And heavy. And so hot I just get so horny when I touch them..."

She posed, massaging her fat tits. She pulled and twisted the nipples, groaning as they grew diamond-hard in her fingers. Larry and Eddie shot footage from every angle they could think of as Julie displayed her gigantic, fake tits, wet, pink pussy, and gloriously round ass.

"This is so fucking hot," Britnee gushed, rubbing her throbbing clit as she watched the older slut show her stuff.

Julie sat and leaned back, stretching her arms above her head. This had the effect of letting her massive, bowling ball-sized tits to slide to the side displaying the wide, vast cleavage between them. She grinned seductively at the camera and slid a hand over her sternum then up to her mouth.

"Do you want to stick your big, hard cock here?" She licked her lips. She raised her legs straight up and slid her hand over her hot cunt, splitting her wet pussy lips apart. "Or here?" She twisted her hips to the side, pulling her knees to her chest. She spanked her thick, asscheek and pulled it, exposing her tiny, tight, crinkly sphincter. "You wanna stick it in here?"

Julie rolled onto her back and planted her feet on the floor as she spread her legs. Larry took the cue and knelt before her, training his lens up, focusing on her face as she looked down at him through the space between her tits.

She palmed the sides of her tits and pouted. "Or, do you want to stuff your big, fat, fucklog between my big, round, smooth titties?"

She began slapping her tits together. The "thwap thwap thwap" sound of her hot, firm, ultra-huge juggs smacking together filled the room.

"Shit! I'm gonna shoot right now," Jed groaned, furiously pumping his steel pipe cock in his fist.

"Hold it, stud," Britnee cried as she stuffed three fingers up her dripping snatch. "Fuck, Julie, you got us all worked up!"

Julie frowned at the camera. "I know," she whimpered. "When I slap my tits together, I get so turned on, so horny... I want to cum too! Won't somebody help me? Help me control these huge titties and make me cum?"
