 `Chapters 7,8,9, and 10 originally were supposed to be one chapter. But, as often happens, as I was writing, ideas and words kept flowing way beyond my original intentions. The four chapters all take place on the same day. One long, horny, wet, sticky day.

Chapter 9

Britnee stepped into the silver BMW waiting at the entrance to the trailer park. She leaned over and shared a kiss with Lara. 

"How'd it go, slut?" Lara put the car into drive and sped off down the road.

"Good and good," Britnee replied, wiping the corner of her mouth as she checked her makeup. "Nice ride."

"I borrowed it from the car service. It's armored. Bulletproof glass and all! We could survive a rocket launcher attack in this thing. You taste like Jed's ass." Lara handed Britnee a bottle as she drove.

"You look like Jed's ass, bitch!" Britnee slugged down a few swallows of moonshine. "Ahhh... is that better, slut?" She breathed in Lara's face.

"You are such a bitch," Lara cackled and shoved Britnee's face away.

"That's it! The weddin's off!" Britnee doubled over with mirth. "Wooooo... I tells ya, that Julie sure can fuck! She's damn near insatiable! She's still there, taking every cock in sight!"

Lara nodded. "That's the plan... Is she her usual bossy, domineering self?"

Britnee laughed "No. It's crazy... she was actin' like Jed and his dick were the greatest things since white bread!" She was all, 'Ooo Jed, if I wasn't married... Yer cock is so wonderful..." It's like she'd never had dick before. Oh! And the best part is, she signed! Julie Juggs is officially part of the Britnee Busted XXX network of porn! Yessss!!"

Lara pumped her fist in the air. "Awesome! I'll get started on the tech stuff while you're at work. So I take it you didn't feel that weird hypnotic thing you feel when Julie's in the room?"

"Nah, nothin'. You was right about them pheromone things." Britnee hit her vape pen and passed it to Lara.

"Yeah, those pheromone blockers my dude at the lab came up with work pretty good. And those bimbo pills Debra gave us? He changed a little bit here, tweaked a little bit there... The guy is a fucking genius! From the sound of it, The drops you slipped in Julie's drink seem to be working. You only gave her two drops, right, Boo?"

Britnee grinned. "Yup! Two before we fucked and two after!"

Lara frowned and pinched the bridge of her nose. "Oh, no... Boo, that's too much! We're gonna turn her into a bimbo nympho vegetable if we give her too much... Aww, fuck it..."

"Don't worry, Boo," Britnee squeezed Lara's thigh. "I remembered to give her the vape pen. Your guy preloaded it last week. By the time my new tits heal, we'll own that scheming bitch! Boo! Look out!"

A flatbed truck with a ramp attached to the back was stalled in the road in front of them. There wasn't enough time to brake or steer out of the way. Lara floored the accelerator and hit the ramp at ninety miles an hour, flying over the truck. The front tires hit the pavement and as the rear tires hit and Lara slammed on the brakes, the BMW did a triple 360 spin and came to a perfect stop at the red light of the intersection.

Britnee and Lara sat, not moving, for a few seconds. They looked at each other then looked straight ahead. 

"That. Was. So..." Lara said quietly.

"Fucking cool!" Britnee shouted. "Fuck Yeah!!"

The girls whooped and cheered, fist-bumping in their seats.

"Holy shit, Boo! Where'd ya learn to do that?" Britnee lit a cigarette.

"A-Team reruns..."

Britnee frowned at her friend then burst into a fit of hysterical laughter. "A-Team reruns... Oh, my God! Boo, you are too much! C'mon, the light's green."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

'Oh, Fuck! I'm cumming again!!" Julie Juggs pumped her ass violently on Jayden's lap, taking his long, fat cock deep in her orgasming cunt. 

Jayden moaned around the huge, fake tit in his mouth. His fingers dug into the soft flesh of Julie's butt cheeks as the squirting pussy milking his cock soaked his balls. He spread her cheeks wide for Larry, who sank his thick cock deep in Julie's welcoming asshole.

"Ohhhhhh, that's tight," Julie sobbed as her sphincter clamped down on the base of Larry's horsecock. "That's a tight fight! Fuck, I'm so full of cock! I'm so Fucking Full!"

Larry gripped Julie's shoulders and slapped his hips against her ass, joining Jayden in pounding their huge cocks in her cumming holes. After twelve or more hard strokes, he pulled out and moved around the bed offering Julie his throbbing prick. Julie grabbed the hot tool and stuffed it in her mouth. Joe straddled her hips and slid his nine inches into Julie's gaping, begging asshole.

"MMMPHLL," Julie slobbered around Larry's fat cock. "I've got so much cock inside me!! Oh, FUCK!! FUCK MY PUSSY!! FUCK MY ASSHOLE!! FUCKFUCKFUCK ME!!"

Jayden's and Joe's fat pricks slid against each other, separated by the thin layer of flesh between Julie's cunt and ass. The two studs pumped and pounded the insatiable tit queen as she sucked Larry to the back of her throat. 

A full minute of pounding Julie's tight ass had Joe ready to cum. He pulled out and took Larry's place in Julie's mouth. Eddie filled the vacancy in her gaped out ass and fucked her hard and deep. Julie cried as another orgasm racked her body. She shuddered and drooled on Joe's prick as she wailed like a banshee!

One after another, the trio of studs fucked Julie's ass and mouth as Jayden plundered her burning cunt. Julie came and came and came again and again as they used her for a rotating ass to mouth DP receptacle. Jayden was in big tits heaven as he feasted on the massive, bowling ball tits pounding his face.

After about thirty minutes Jed, who was shooting the scene, signaled for a change of position. Jayden pushed Julie up and gasped, " Flip... this big titty bitch over... so's I kin gits up that tight ass!"

"Oh Fuck...," Julie wailed. I'm a fucking big fake titty whore for your cocks!"

The quartet of studs just grinned and reached for her legs and hips.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Britnee put the finishing touches on her makeup, dabbing a bit of glitter on her cheekbones. "What ya think, Noms?"

Nomi, the Brazilian bombshell with an enhanced rack that rivaled Lara's new tits was sitting on the table next to Britnee, wantonly fingering her dripping snatch.

"Yessss... Hmm? Oh, Britnee, you are always so beautiful. You make me so horny!"

Britnee smiled. "Shit... You're the beautiful one, girl. I mean, with those tits and that fat, onion booty? God! If I wasn't on stage in five minutes, I'd strap one on and fuck you all night!" 

She reached for a glass on the dressing table and took a long drink of moonshine. "Okay, where's my hat?" 

Nomi held out a gray fedora. Britnee took it and, unable to resist the urge, bent forward and licked Nomi's swollen pussy lips. "Mmm... ceviche..."

Nomi moaned and giggled. "You like the fish, yes?"

Britnee stood and nodded. She picked up the full-length raincoat draped over the back of her chair and turned to the door. "After my shift, babe."

Arriving behind the main stage, Britnee watched the girl on stage dancing. Another new girl, Britnee thought. She's pretty. Great legs, nice little ass but... a new set of tits would do her a world of good... Britnee frowned then, her face lit up as she was hit with an epiphany. "I gotta talk to Julie and Rob about this..."

The song ended. The new girl bowed and picked up her costume, heading to the next stage. Britnee put on her Wayfarer sunglasses and folded her arms over her chest.

The lights dimmed as the DJ began his introduction. Britnee stepped onto the stage and stood ready, bathed in darkness.

"Ladies and gentlemen! Please join me in welcoming to the main stage one of the future stars of the stripping world. Here tonight for her last show before taking time off for a well-deserved vacation, Give it up for BBBRRRRIIIITTTTTNNNNEEEEEE BUSSSSTTTTTEDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD!!"

The lights directly above the stage flicked on, shining down directly over Britnee. The opening chords of Micheal Jackson's "Smooth Criminal" boomed out over the PA system. Britnee stood, one knee bent, her head bent low and her hand holding her hat. She clicked her heel in time with the beat and shrugged her shoulders. When the singing started, she tipped her hat, letting it roll down her sleeve, caught it and set it back on her head. Then she began prancing/strutting around the stage, stopping occasionally to pull her sunglasses down and look at whichever horny slob happened to be sitting in front of her. 

A minute into the song, Britnee flung open her coat revealing her petite, curvy, suntanned body clad only in an extremely skimpy metallic green string bikini. The bikini left little to the imagination and the audience gasped, whistled and hollered their approval. As she danced around the stage, Britnee flung her coat off exposing her perfect bubble butt and toned legs. 

She stopped, undulating her hips and shimmying her torso before clutching her big, grapefruit-sized tits and offering them to the crowd. With a nod to an old letch seated below her, Britnee turned and began shaking her ass, twerking her cheeks in time with the beat and bouncing on her heels. Then, as the song began to conclude, Britnee wrapped one arm over her stupendous boobs and ripped her top off. She lifted her arms high above her head and gave the crowd the naked flesh of her tits.

The first song blended seamlessly into the second. "Cherry Pie" by Warrant. Standing in her six-inch stiletto heels, Britnee gyrated her hips while playing with her 34F tits and slipping her hands down to the patch of fabric covering her pussy. She pulled her sunglasses off and grinned, shaking her head "No" as she rubbed her mound. She then began dancing around the stage, shimmying and shaking her tits for the crowd or twerking her sweet, ample ass before reaching for the brass pole in the middle of the stage and hoisting herself up. She spent a minute or so displaying her acrobatic skills before doing a one-handed, upside-down spinning slide towards the floor. She ripped her thong off just before she landed on her knees, exposing her puffy, nineteen-year-old pussy. 

On her knees, legs spread wide, Britnee leaned back, her tits swaying out and up, and began rubbing and splitting her cunt lips. She humped her hips, fucking the air as every pair of eyes in the room looked on. She rolled over onto her belly, bending her knees and reached back, spreading her round ass cheeks with both hands, showing off her tiny, tight as hell sphincter. She flexed her well-trained muscles, winking her ass at the crowd and pumping her hips up and down, fucking the stage.

The music reached a crescendo, Britnee rolled over again and slipped three fingers into her dripping pussy and fucked herself, moaning and begging for more. The crowd went apeshit and showered the stage with money. Singles, fives, tens, twenties covered the floor as the song ended and Britnee stood. She walked around the stage, thanking the horny men and women as they applauded furiously. Then, as a bouncer swept up the loose money for her, she blew a kiss and exited the stage.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"S-Somebody! Somebody... Oh, God! Somebody Fuck My Tits!!" Julie cried as she slobbered on Larry's thick, rigid ten-inch cock. 

Julie was on her back, sandwiched between Jayden underneath her with his huge cock up her asshole and Joe between her thighs, drilling his nine-inch monster mercilessly into her boiling cunt. Larry was crouched over her face, holding her head in his hands as he smeared his spit-soaked prick across her face. Julie licked and sucked on the throbbing, hot flesh as she squeezed her huge, bowling ball-sized tits. The flesh of her boobs was slick with spit and cum and she slapped them together in a frenzied need for cock.

Julie looked up into Larry's eyes, frowning with unsated lust. "Please," she begged, almost crying, "Please fuck my tits!" Slupupuppp "I need it so bad! Please, please fuc-!!"

Larry cut off her words by stuffing his enormous, hard cock down her eager throat. He pounded away at her silky hole, slapping his balls against her chin. After a minute, he pulled his cock out, dripping with spit and throat slime. 

"You want me to fuck your tits? Your big, fat, fake tits?" Larry shot her an evil grin. 

Spit drooled down Julie's chin as she coughed and gasped for air. "Oh please," she begged. "Please, I need your hard cock between my heavy tits! Fuck! Ohh, fuck! I'm cumming again!"

The giant cocks buried in her pussy and colon were stretching her holes to the maximum, forcing Julie's body to cum and cum. She twisted and jerked in an orgasmic seizure, crying and screaming with wanton lust.

Larry fisted his dripping cock, marveling at the long thick strands of spit and precum connecting his bloated cockhead to Julie's mouth. He scooted back to straddle her chest and slapped her hands away from her ginormous tits, replacing them with his own. He squeezed the huge, slippery orbs, relishing the firm yet soft feel of the hot flesh. His ten-inch cock was so hard, it jerked up and down, cutting the air and beating Julie's heaving chest.

Julie cried out as the huge cock pressed between her massive tits. "Yessss! Fuckkk MEEEE!!"

Larry took the plunge, thrusting his hips forward and burying his prick in her deep, sweaty cleavage. "Jesus! It's like fucking a memory-foam pussy!" he groaned.

He began pumping his cock between her tits, pressing the massive balls of skin tighter against his throbbing cock. The spit and precum coating his cock combined with the cum and sweat covering Julie's tits made a perfect lubricant and Larry fucked away, matching the rhythm and speed of the pair of fat cocks pummeling her fuck holes.

Julie was a mass of twitching, cumming, trembling flesh as the three studs fucked her senseless. She moaned and sobbed, crying out gibberish as she took every inch of hot, throbbing dick the trio of horny studs could give her. 

Larry couldn't take his eyes off the gigantic pair of enhanced tits wrapped around his dick. "They are so fucking round!" he groaned. His drooling, bloated cockhead slapped against Julie's chin with every stroke, saturating her neck with precum. 

Joe groaned as he pumped her twitching pussy. Julie's stretched out muscles gripped his fat prick massaging every hard inch as he pounded his hips against her. Feeling Jayden's awesome tool sliding against his in her asshole only made him harder and the tight glove of cunt tighter around him.

"Fuck, this bitch is fucking hot!" he grunted. Shit, I ain't gonna last much longer!"

"Me neither," groaned Jayden as Julie's spastic, flexing colon sucked on his massive prick.

"Noooo...," Julie sobbed, bouncing her hips between them. "Keep fucking me! Please keep Fucking Me!!"

Jayden and Joe slowed their pace and filled her holes with long, deep strokes. Larry matched their rhythm and slapped Julie's globe like tits together against his throbbing cock. Eddie knelt by her head and swung a leg over her, slapping his eight-inch prick on her greedy mouth. Julie gobbled his fat tip into her mouth as his balls mashed against her eyes and nose. She slobbered and gagged and choked on the thick piece of cock meat as it filled her mouth and banged the back of her throat.

"Yeah, Bitches!" Eddie hollered. "This is Fucking Porno!" He squatted lower and pumped Julie's mouth hard and deep.

Julie grunted like a stuck pug and came again, soaking Jayden and Joe's heavy nuts with girl cum. Her chest heaved, pummeling Larry's raging cock. Larry gripped her huge, round tits tighter and pounded away as if his life depended on it.

"Oh, my...,"

Larry twisted his head around at the sound of Brandee's voice. She was standing in the doorway watching the four-man one-woman gang bang. She was kneading one of her newly enhanced tits with one hand while rubbing her pussy through her skintight yoga pants with the other.

"Come on, Missus Brandee," Larry called, "There's plenty of cock to go around!"

Brandee moved closer to the bed. She peeled her pants down over her thick, round ass. "Don.t worry, dear," she said gleefully, " Y'all just go on and finish her off. I'll clean up the mess!"

She stepped out of her pants and lifted her ultra-tight sweater up over her new tits and head and dropped it to the floor. Brandee's newly enhanced tits were the size and shape of cantaloupes. She had chosen to go with 2000ccs expanders overfilled to 5000cc each, taking her from a double D cup to a full double G. There was a bit of sag making her enormous, round tits look like a pair of melons hanging in a pair of nets. She loved them. She adored them. She loved the way they made men go crazy with lust at the sight of them. And, most of all, she loved how her huge, fake boobs made her daughter, Britnee green with envy.

Larry almost lost it at the sight of Brandee's tits. Fucking an enormous pair of fakes tits was one thing, fucking them while another hot milf thrust her own set of huge fake tits in his face was another. He redoubled his efforts, sliding his fat cock into Julie's cleavage with a vengeance.

Brandee looked at Julie's amazing tits and thought to herself, "Jeez, I thought my tits were huge!"

She massaged her fat tits and held them up to Larry. "Do it, stud," She breathed, huskily. "Cum on those tits! Cum all over this bitch's fat tits!"

She bounced her tits in her hands as Larry pounded away at Julie's cum slick boobs. He felt his balls slide up and tighten and, with a loud moan, erupted! Boiling hot cum surged up the length of his shaft and blasted Julie's chin, splashing Eddies cock in her mouth. He shot half a dozen thick ropes of jizz between her tits before grabbing his erupting cock and jerking it in his hand over her massive, swaying tits. He pumped it like a shotgun, each pump sending a new blast of cum onto the supple, round flesh.

Seeing this set off Eddie's orgasm. His eight-inch prick belched hot cum into Julie's mouth and down her throat nearly choking her. He pulled out and blasted her face with even more cum before aiming his erupting rod and joining Larry in saturating her enormous tits in hot, sticky jism.

Julie choked down all the cum she could, letting the rest slobber out of her mouth as she gasped for air. "Oh God," she croaked, "I'm cumming again!! Give it to me! GIVE ME YOUR CUMMMM!!"

Her orgasming cunt and ass spasmed uncontrollably, gripping and releasing the huge cocks inside them harder than ever, milking the turgid meat pipes for their jizz, 

Jayden and Joe came simultaneously, flooding Julie's quaking orifices with thick ropes of cum. Joe filled Julie's cunt with so much cum, it leaked out around his jerking cock. Joe groaned with ecstasy and pulled his nine-inch tool out, blasting Julie's gaping hole. Hot jizz flowed out of her pussy, soaking Jayden's balls. 

"YESSSS," Joe cried with sex-crazed joy. "I love fuckin; big titty bitches!!" He continued to hose down Julie's belly.

Jayden's twisting, serpentine prick exploded deep in her asshole, filling her colon with sticky goo. The milking, sucking hole pumped his throbbing cock, sucking the hot load from his balls.

"Fuck, this hot slut is makin' me shoot what from my balls to be empty!" The slack-jawed halfwit groaned. He grabbed Julie's waist and buried his belching cock deep in her tunnel and emptied his balls deep in her guts.

The four-man cum bukkake lasted for several more minutes as Julie writhed and bucked under the torrent of thick, sticky jizz that plastered every inch of her face and body. Julie moaned and sobbed, her body shaking with orgasmic fury as the hot cum of four huge monster cocks bathed her in man juice.
