 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

"Shit, Boo! You smell like pussy and ass! And cheap booze!" Lara put the car in gear and pulled out of the club's parking lot.

"Yeah," Britnee leaned over and gave her a sloppy kiss on the cheek. "Ima kinda drunk. Just a little..."

Lara stifled a giggle. "Seriously? Drinking on the job, Boo?"

Britnee made a face. "It was my last night! I had to party!"

"Your last night for two weeks. Two weeks."

"Anyhow... And ya know how Nomi's ass looks when she's on her knees and it's stuck up high an' all? I just had to strap up and give her some dick!" 

Lara scowled sideways at her. "Why the hell was she on her knees?"

Britnee smiled. "Oh yeah, she was eating that new girl's pussy. You know, the one what calls herself Irish Rose?"

Lara nodded. "Mmm, she's hot! Icy hot!"

"I know!" Britnee hit her vape pen. "Can't suck a dick to save her life, though... I told Nomi to bring her over later and we'd give her lessons!"

"Nice... I wanna get my hand on those sweet tits of hers." Lara turned into the trailer park entrance. "Shit! Julie's car is still here! I told you you gave her too much!"

Britnee shrugged. "Meh... I'm good. I been wantin' to strap one on and stuff her full o' cock!"

Lara parked. "Yeah... I gotta admit, I want to get those fat tits in my mouth. Okay! Let's go fuck that big titty bitch the fuck up!"

What the two porn queens witnessed when they walked into Brandee's trailer had them shedding their clothes before the door closed behind them.

"Jeezus, Mama! Just take all the dick!" Britnee exclaimed, feeling her tiny cunt heat up.

There on the living room floor in front of them, were Brandee and Julie, bouncing on two fat dicks. Julie was riding Jed's huge cock up her ass reverse cowgirl style, her back arched, her hands on his shoulders and her enormous, heavy, bowling ball tits bouncing hard against her ribcage. She was moaning and sucking Eddie's thick eight-inch tool down her insatiable throat.

Brandee had Joe's nine-inch dong up her ass as she smashed her huge, volleyball tits into his eager face. He had his hands full of her thick milf ass, pulling her cheeks apart as his cock split her colon open. Her throat was massaging Jayden's serpentine cock as it slid in and out of her hungry mouth.

Britnee looked at Lara and winked. She pulled the strapon out of her purse and slipped in on over her thighs. Lara nodded and knelt beside Julie. She grabbed a humongous breast in both hands and planted her lips on the erect nipple. Julie groaned and slammed her ass down on Jed's belly, taking his titanium hard cock deeper up her chute.

"Oh, Fuck! I'm an assfucking Whore!" Julie wailed! "Fuck my ass! Suck my titties! Suck them!! Fuck me harder!!"

Britnee was busy trying to wedge her thick rubber dick into Brandee's mouth, a mouth already stuffed full with Jayden's heavy dick. She slapped the hapless bastard's belly to get him out of her way. Jayden guffawed and pulled his monster cock, dripping with saliva and precum, out of Brandee's drooling mouth. A web of thick spit hung between the enormous tool and Brandee's mouth. She groaned and whimpered at the loss of fat cock.

"Yeah, Bitchez! Britnee gonna Face Fuck her own MOM!!" Jayden hollered!

Larry, who was shooting the four on four anal orgy looked over at Lara raised an eyebrow. "She been drinkin' 'shine again?"

Lara nodded without removing her mouth from Julie's massive tit. "Like it was cum... MMMmm...this so good! Mmmlllb slup slup Slup!" She flicked her tongue over the hard nipple as she sucked.

Larry chuckled and moved in for a closeup of Lara sucking on Julie's tit. After several seconds he panned over to her other huge tit bouncing in rhythm with her rising and falling hips and then down her belly to her dripping, swollen pussy and stretched asshole taking Jed's thick cock.

"Tha's right, bitch! Suck my big, fat dick!" 

Larry swung around to frame Britnee slapping her strapon cock against Brandee's mouth. Britnee fisted her mother's hair and forced the fat tip between her lips. Brandee, trembling and shaking with orgasmic carnality, sobbed and sucked on the rubber dick.

Britnee grunted as she fed her mother fat inches of dildo. She held her mother's head in her hands and banged the back of Brandee's throat. Brandee slobbered on the nine-inch tool, spit dripping off her chin and onto her fat, fake tits.

"GLAAAHHH!" Brandee gasped when Britnee released her. She glared up at her daughter. "You little bitch! Treatin' yore mama that way! FUCK! IMA CUMMING AGAIN!!"

"Shut up, MAMA!!" Britnee shouted and stuffed her mouth full of rubber dick!

Brandee groaned around the fat cock, cumming hard from the fat cock pounding her asshole. Britnee pumped her hips, sending the dildo down Brandee's throat. The thirty-something, ultra-busty whore sucked and fucked, bouncing between the hard cocks drilling her holes. Britnee held her mother's face against her belly and thrust her pelvis hard, fucking her throat. Brandee screamed over and over, her cries muffled by the thick dildo.

"Yeah, ya dirty bitch! Throat that MotherFucker!!" Britnee pulled back leaving the tip in Brandee's mouth before sliding all the way down her throat in one thrust. She repeated the move, again and again, grinning lasciviously down at her oversexed mom. She looked directly at the camera and frowned, rage crossing her face.

"Yeah, that's right! I'm fucking my mom's face! Look how much the dirty slut loves it!" She slapped Brandee's face! "You love it, doncha, bitch?"

She yanked Brandee's head back. Brandee coughed and gasped for air. "Yes!," she sobbed, spitting on the rubber dick. "I love suckin' your cock! I fucking love sucking my daughter's big, fat cock!!"

Britnee stuffed her mouth again, pumping the dildo against Brandee's cheek. The horny milf drooled and sucked on the rubber shaft as her daughter abused her mouth.

"Fuck! Tha's so fucking hot!" Julie cried, cumming on the huge cock buried in her asshole. "Fuck her silly, baby girl!"

Brandee glared at Julie. "You like? I bet you want some a this dick fer yerself!"

"Yes! Fuck Yes!" Julie moaned. "I need dick! More dick More pussy! Ohhhhh God! Fuck Me!!"

Britnee looked at the camera, amused. " You heard her, folks!"

Brandee moaned, "No!" as Britnee pulled the dildo from her hungry mouth. Joe redoubled his efforts to transform Brande's colon into a thru-way, slapping his hips up against her thick ass.

Britnee took a knee between Jed's outstretched thighs and rubbed the tip of her strapon against Julie's slick cunt. Jed stopped pumping his cock up her ass and pulled Julie's legs back. Britnee thrust forward, sliding her dildo into Julie's eager cunt, stretching the hot flesh.

Julie wailed as she felt her holes stretched to the limit! "Oh My God!! You're tearing me apart!!"

"C'mon, Jed," Britnee shouted! Let's Fuck this big titty bitch the fuck up!"

Britnee grabbed Julie's thighs and slammed her dildo in deep, fucking the mega-boobed stripper hard and fast. Jed matched her rhythm and in a few moments, they were pistoning their real and fake cocks into Julie's fuck holes like a supercharged engine on crack! Britnee slammed into her pussy, Jed slid out of her ass. Jed pounded up into her asshole, Britnee slid out of her cunt. They were a fucking machine and Julie's gushing cunt juice was the lubricant. 

Julie wailed and came again, jerking and flopping as she lost all control. She fell back against Jed's torso, breaking the hard suction created by Lara's mouth on her huge, 8000ccs tit. Eddie took this as an opportunity to push Lara onto her hands and knees and stuff his achingly hard eight-inch cock up Lara's burning pussy. Lara groaned and threw her hips back, taking the hard dick as deep as she could. 

"Don't be shy, stud," Lara called, loOking back at the eager stud. "That ain't no virgin pussy! Tear that shit up!"

Eddie spanked her tight, round ass and, grabbing her hips, pumped his cock in and out like a true pornstar. Lara groaned and lowered her head to kiss Julie hard on the mouth. The two sluts swapped spit as their bodies were ravaged by Britnee, Jed, and Eddie.

Julie broke the kiss as another hard orgasm ripped through her. Her pelvis went into overdrive and she pumped up and down between the pounding cocks, fucking Jed and Britnee as good as they were fucking her. Britnee took one of Julie's legs over her shoulder and held it tight in her arms, pounding her fake dick into Julie's sucking pussy harder.

"Now you learnin, boss! We do it Hard as a MotherFucker here at Britnee Busted XXX!!" Britnee cried, cumming as she fucked the horny slut. "FUUCCKKK!! YESSSS!! GODDAMMIT!! I'M CUMMING SO GOOD!! Somebody stuff a dick in my mouth!!"

Jayden slapped his throbbing cock across Britnee's face and twisted her braids in his fist. He forced his ten-inch cock into her mouth and fucked it hard. Britnee sucked the pulsing, veiny prick as if her life depended on it as his ball slapped lewdly against her chin. The skinny, inbred moron groaned as he felt his massive cock slide down Britnee's throat.

Britnee massaged the throbbing flesh with her throat muscles, milking the raging hardon as fast as her hips pounded against Julies. Jayden fucked her face hard, feeling his balls swelling up against his cock, ready to release his boiling cum. He jerked his cock out of Britnee's mouth, squeezing the base in one hand and the tip in the other.

"Fuck!" He grunted. "I ain't never been ready to cum that quick! Fuck, girl! What you doin' t' me?"

Britnee laughed and slapped his cock away from her face. "Bitch, You knows what I kin do with my throat! Go find a hole and fuck it! I'm busy right now!"

Lara was now on top of Eddie, riding him like a champion bull rider. Her grapefruit-sized fake tits bounced as she took his cock in and out of her flexing pussy. Eddie pulled her soft ass cheeks apart and grinned at Jayden.

"She got a vacancy what needs filling, bro!"

Jayden didn't need further encouragement and straddled the horny slut's hips. His fat cock slipped into Lara's asshole like a hot knife through butter, going balls deep in one easy thrust. He groaned as her tight hole clenched his huge cock like a vise. Lara groaned and slapped her hand on the floor, loving the feeling of being completely filled.

"Yes! I'm getting fuck by eighteen inches of cock! I fucking love it!" Lara screamed, pounding her hips back to meet the pounding meat logs. 

"Fuck, Boo! That's so hot! Make those losers fuck you! Show 'em what it takes to be porn studs!" Britnee cried!

Julie lay against Jed cumming again and again as he and Britnee drilled her pussy and ass. She moaned and sobbed uncontrollably as she too every hard inch over and over, her gigantic fake tits bouncing and swaying with every thrust. Britnee grinned as she fucked the cum hungry stripper.

"Hey, baby! You had enough, yet? Cuz we here done broke you, lady!" Britnee giggled and pulled her dildo out of Julie's gaping pussy. The same pussy gushed a load of girl cum on Britnee's slick cock and Jed's balls. Jed groaned as Britnee stood and rolled Julie over onto her tits, his massive, steel pipe cock buried in her ass.

Julie sobbed as she felt Jed lying on top of her, his cock pumping in and out of her quaking ass. "Ohhhh yes, fuck me!" she whimpered, too exhausted to shout.

Britnee stood, watching the fucking and sucking going on around her, proud of her crew and the ultra-hot action they put online every day. She spied a bottle and took a slug, relishing the hard whiskey taste. She went between her studs, giving them each a much-needed refreshment. Lara, on the heels of her third orgasm in as many minutes, grabbed the bottle and chugged it like it was water.

"Slow down, Drinky!" Britnee laughed and took the bottle back. "Julie?" She offered the bottle but, Julie lay, twitching and writhing, moaning quietly as Jed fucked her asshole. "Maybe later, babe."

She looked at her mother, Brandee. Brandee was on her back, her humongous new tits in her hands, getting her pussy pounded by Joe and his nine-inch cock.

"Here mama! Have a fuckin' drink!" Britnee held the mouth of the bottle over her mother's mouth and poured a shot onto her lips. Brandee gasped and sputtered, licking the amber liquid off her lips.

"Dammit, Britnee," Brandee scolded and sat up on her elbows. "Let yer mother have a proper drink!"

She grabbed the bottle out of Britnee's hand and drained a good four ounces from it.

"I was just havin' fun, mama!" Britnee spat. "Hey, I got an idea, talkin' 'bout fun! Let's switch this shit up! Now... Okay, Jed? g-"

Britnee was interrupted by a shout from Eddie. "Aww Shit"

Lara's hot pussy combined with the slick friction created by sliding against Jayden's cock in her ass was too much for the young fucker. He came hard as his cock slipped out of her weeping cunt, blasting her lips and Jayden's balls with his thick jism.

Jayden, no stranger to another man's jizz splashing his junk, froze; his ten-inch supercock buried deep in her ass. Lara pumped her hips, squealing with joy from the cum soaking she was receiving. The heavy globs of jizz dripped off her cunt, pooling on Eddie's belly.

"Shit! That pussy is gold!" Eddie hissed, embarrassed to have cum so quickly.

"Okay..." Britnee took a drink. She looked at Larry. His cargo shorts were completely soaked in precum. "Looks like yer up, dingus. Eddie, yer the cameraman, now."

Eddie hung his head in shame. "Aww..."

Britnee shrugged. "You came first! Besides, Larry gonna bust a blood vessel if he don't git some release."

Larry stepped out of his shorts and handed the camera to Eddie. The two conferred for a moment while everyone took a short break. Julie had recovered from her orgasm induced stupor and was sitting up, drinking some whiskey and passing a blunt.

"Damn, I'm so horny," she said, pinching a nipple. "So this is what it's like every day around here?"

Britnee and Lara exchanged sly looks. "Pretty much, boss!" Britnee giggled. "I mean, with all these hard dicks just throbbin' fer some pussy... well. You know!"

Julie nodded, looking around the room. "Mmm... and I can always use some hard dick!"

Larry took that as his cue and stepped next to Julie, brandishing his ten-inch pussy stretcher. Julie smiled up at him and took his fat cock in both hands, stroking it slowly.

"Awright, assholes," Britnee grabbed her strapon dildo. "Let's get to it!"

Brandee pushed Jed onto his back and sat down on top of him. She reached behind her and stuffed his bloated cock into her wet, steaming pussy. Jed groaned and grabbed her huge, newly enhanced tits and buried his face between them.

"Fuck me, Jed! Give Mama that beautiful cock!" Brandee bounced on his lap.

Lara was on her back, legs spread wide with Joe underneath her, pumping his heavy dick into her hot pussy. She stretched back, letting her newly enhanced, 1000ccs each tits bounce and sway. Larry and Jayden were on either side of Julie, feeding her their enormous cocks, one then the other. 

The mega-jugged slut held the two pricks in her hands licking across one shaft all the way to the base of the other, slurping up her spit and teasing the heads with her tongue. She rubbed the precum drooling heads together and tried to cram them both into her mouth. Larry chuckled and forced his hard prick to the back of Julie's throat. Julie sucked as hard as she could, jerking both cocks rapidly. Larry punched her tonsils a dozen times then pulled out giving Jayden access to Julie's throat. He banged away, fucking her face while Larry slapped his spit coated prick on her face. The two studs happily took turns plugging her throat as Julie stroked their throbbing, steel-like cocks and sucked inch after inch of fuck meat.

Britnee watched the action for a few moments, stroking her nine-inch dildo. Seeing her mom's enormous, spheroid tits bouncing in Jed's face and her thick, full mommy ass bouncing on his cock made the little porn magnate horny as fuck. She put her hips in front of Lara's face and filled her love's mouth full of fat, rubber dick!

"Suck it good, Boo! Ima need serious lubification fer what Ima do next!" Britnee pulled Lara onto her strapon and slid into her willing throat. 

Joe grunted through clenched teeth. The strain of not emptying his balls into Lara's cumming pussy as it kissed every hard inch of his cock was almost too much for the young stud. He tightened his grip on her slim, curvy ass and held her down on his huge cock. Lara bounced her ass on Joe's hips and pulled herself off Britnee's dildo.

"Shit," she coughed, grinning up at the blonde slut. "Lubification? Really, Boo?"

Britnee scowled and threw her hands up in annoyance. "Like you ain't as drunk as e'rybody else 'round here! You knows what I mean!"

She grabbed her dildo and smeared the spit and slime-covered dick across Lara's face. Lara giggled then groaned as Joe began pumping his cock deep in her pussy again.

"More," Britnee commanded and stuffed the dildo back in Lara's mouth. Lara grabbed Britnee's ass and pulled the tiny girl forward, throating her strapon dick. She sucked with a vengeance, sensing what her friend had in mind. 

After a few minutes, Lara released her grip on Britnee's ass and the dildo lodged in her throat. The rubber cock dripped copious amounts of spit and throat slime onto the floor. Thick strands of the goo hung between Lara's chin and the dildo's tip. Britnee scooped it up with her hand and stroked it over the thick fake dong.

"There ya go, Boo!" Lara grinned. "Joe? Fuck me. Fuck me like I stole your favorite pair of Lebrons and sold 'em on eBay! Mmm... Yes! YESYESYESYESSSS!!That's it, stud! FUCK ME WITH THAT BIG DICKKK!!" 

Britnee turned and did a spit take at the sight in front of her. Julie was on her back. Jayden had straddled her belly and was mercilessly sawing his long, thick cock between her enormous, bowling ball tits! Larry was sitting on her face. He also had his huge pussy stretcher between her tits sliding on top of Jayden's. Julie's tits were more than big enough to fit two donkey dicks between them and the boys were pounding away like jackhammers! Julie, her fingernails dug into Larry's ass, was greedily licking the horny stud's asshole, snorting and slurping as she tongue fucked the tiny hole.

"Hellz Yeah, sister!" Britnee slapped Larry's ass and stepped behind Brandee who was cumming on Jed's mighty cock like the slobbering cumslut she was.

"OHH FUCK!! OHHHGAWWWDDD!! You dirty Fucker!! You nasty, Dirty Fucker!! Making me cum all over your fat cock!! OHHHHHHH... It's so Big!! So Hard! OOOHHHHHHH!!"

Brandee moaned and collapsed on top of Jed, her huge, firm tits bouncing against his chest as her cunt squirted over his lead pipe cock. Jed groaned and spanked both thick ass cheeks as Brandee undulated on top of him.

The sight of her mother's big, thick, heart-shaped ass made Britnee's cunt twitch and leak inside the dildo harness around her hips. "Spread her open fer me, numbnuts!" Brandee knelt between the horny fuckers and brandished her long, fat dildo.

Jed spread Brandee's cheeks wide. The orgasming milf's rectum flexed, winking up at Britnee, inviting her to tear it open. Britnee pressed the tip over fae dick against the tiny sphincter and, with a hard thrust, buried the dildo all the way in, right up to the strapon harness! 

Brandee shrieked loud enough to raise the dead at the sudden invasion of her colon. Britnee pulled slowly back leaving just a fraction of the tip inside the tight hole then... Slammed it home again. Then slowly back out. Then back in and slowly out. Over and over, she pounded her mother's ass while Jed's huge dick was buried in her cunt. Brandee wailed through the hard fucking, her holes stretched to the maximum. 
