 This is the fourth and final part of my tale of an art forger who, after being released from prison, was commissioned by Sir Robert Haselton-Price and his wife Cassie to paint them a family portrait and to restore various works of art in their stately home. Before long, the needs of the female members of the family started to take precedence over the family art collection. I heartily recommend that you read the earlier parts of this story first if this final part is to make any sense to you.

*

It seemed at times as if that unbelievable summer at Sittaford Hall would never come to an end, though I more than occasionally wondered how long I could stand the pace. I was now bedding Cassie, her daughter Rachel, Rachel's best friend Lucy, Cassie's other daughter Amanda, and even Bob's mistress Lindy, and there were times I was becoming quite exhausted.

I was also trying to carry out the work that Bob had originally commissioned me to do. The grand family portrait went well. It shows the family gathered on the terrace, overlooking the parkland and fields beyond. The three women sat together on a garden bench, Bob on a seat at an angle to them. I hope I really captured the sense of closeness between Cassie and her daughters, as well as Bob's pride in the three of them. Some people may think that the woman walking along a footpath in the far distance looks a bit like Lindy but perhaps I shouldn't comment on that.

My cleaning and restoration work identified three paintings that I thought might be quite valuable and I passed them on to other experts to work on. With a bit of luck they will give a boost to the family finances.

Lindy was the first of my lovers to fall by the wayside, even though she was, without doubt, the most rollicking fuck of them all. It took me a few more visits to complete the 'secret' painting that Bob wanted of her. It should never have taken that long but Lindy insisted on a break every hour or so, not so much to relieve the strains of posing as for yet another bout of sex. She was insatiable, but she was also very good at it and her body was damnably exciting.

The problem I had with Lindy was that after a day spent with her I was fit for nothing that night and that gave rise to complaints. She adored trying different positions even though – how can I put it kindly – she was a touch too heavy to make all of them entirely practicable – the ones where I was in an upright position and taking all of her weight were demanding, to say the least. She was, though, a true professional. She knew how to do things with her mouth, cunt and arse that were guaranteed to make a man think he was in heaven.

Of course, once my painting of her was finished I really had no acceptable justification for visiting her any more and, to be honest, that came as a bit of a relief.

Lucy eventually tailed off too, which was a pity because I really enjoyed taking her. I had a couple more sessions with her and Rachel together. Lucy was clearly a bit submissive and she seemed to bring out a dominant streak in Rachel. On one of the occasions Rachel again tied her to the bed, but this time on her front and had me take her from behind. On the second occasion she simply pinned her down on the bed while I fucked her. After that, Lucy and I met up on our own a couple of times. We fucked on a blanket in the great outdoors in the warm sun of a perfect English summer.

The common feature of both the threesome sessions was that Rachel not only allowed me to have Lucy but she was firmly in charge of the proceedings. She was less than pleased when she discovered that Lucy and I had fucked on our own and she made it clear that it was time for her to find her own boyfriend. However, when I finally left the Hall I made sure that Lucy had my address and told her that if ever she was coming down to London to get in touch – and she did. She and a friend, Helen, were going to a gig and she rang me, obviously hoping I might put them up overnight.

The highlight of that night was having the two of them kneel on the edge of the bed, so that I could thrust into one cunt a couple of times and then the other, keeping this up alternately, each girl doing her best to make me cum while I was inside her. As it turned out, Helen won that one and I thoroughly enjoyed cumming inside her. Then, as soon as I'd recovered, I had Helen lie flat on the bed with Lucy on her hands and knees above her, the opposite way round. I knelt behind Lucy and entered her, so that the fucking took place directly above Helen's face. As soon as I'd cum in Lucy and had finished pumping my cum into her, I pulled my cock out of her cunt and plunged it into Helen's eager mouth below, while Lucy licked her clit. I gather that it was the first time that Helen had ever seen another girl being penetrated at such close quarters. She enjoyed it so much that she and Lucy subsequently had quite a few threesomes with Helen's husband. Yes, I know, they kept that one quiet, didn't they.

*****

So that left Cassie, Rachel and Amanda.

As the summer drew towards its end, and just two weeks before Rachel was due back at university, she was persuaded to pay an overdue visit to the friends with whom she'd originally planned to spend most of the summer. That is, before I arrived.

The night before she left, we indulged in what can only be described as a marathon. We literally did not sleep at all that night, making love in almost every conceivable way. You may remember that Rachel had started using a set of dilators to help open up her very tight behind – this was to be the night when they were to be replaced by my cock and she was to surrender her anal virginity to me.

To make sure she was as relaxed as possible, we started off with a lot of foreplay, exploring every part of each other's bodies with hands and mouths. We both came, twice in her case, during this amazing, long session. As soon as I'd recovered, Rachel climbed on top of me and rode me to another incredible climax. Then Rachel surprised me by asking me to shave her.

'Now that I'm no longer a virgin, I'm almost certainly going to be having sex when I get back to uni, and most boys of my age expect a girl to be shaved. You don't mind, do you?'

I wasn't sure what she thought I might mind – her having sex with boys at university or my shaving her – but, whichever it was, I assured her that I didn't. I put a face cloth into a bowl of hot water while I snipped away the majority of the hair with scissors, leaving just short stubble. That done, I laid the warmed cloth across her mound. I left it for a couple of minutes to soften the skin and the remaining hair, before using my best shaving soap and brush to lather up the whole area.

It took only a few minute's careful work with a razor – freshly-oiled to reduce the drag – to have her completely hairless. I finished off the task by rubbing baby oil onto the newly-naked area – she liked that – and when my fingers strayed down and began teasing her anal rosebud, she liked that even more.

'Are you ready for this', I asked her.

'Oh yes', she answered. 'I want you to do it but be gentle with me.'

I told her to kneel on the edge of the bed with her head down and her behind in the air. I took a tube of lube and began spreading it all around her still tight anal entrance. I coated my index finger and forefinger, as well as my cock; I teased her with one finger and very slowly and gently eased it into her. She gasped as she felt it penetrate but then she relaxed. Thanks to the dilators she'd become used to something being in there and she accepted my finger gently sliding in and out, a few millimetres further each time.

When I felt she was ready I slid the one finger out and replaced it with two. She groaned as this increased penetration began to stretch her. I applied more lube and worked it into her opening.

'I'm going to take you now', I told her. 'It may hurt a bit – if it's too much, tell me and I'll stop.' She nodded her head. 'Good girl.'

I put the head of my cock to her rosebud and, with my hand, began to feed it in. I felt her push out against me – something she had clearly learned from putting the dilators into her – and then I found myself sliding in. She winced slightly but it was easier than I'd expected.

'I've been practicing', she said. 'I want to be able to take you the whole way in.'

I eased myself backwards and forwards, slowly increasing the depth each time. Finally, I felt my pubic mound press against her behind and I was fully inside her. She felt amazingly tight around me.

'How is it?' I asked her.

'It's wonderful. It hurts a bit but I don't mind. Just leave it there for a minute or two to let me get used to it before you start fucking me. It feels so odd, though. I feel completely full up down there but at the same time my cunt feels so terribly empty and lonely.'

'I'm going to start now', I told her after a couple of minutes' pause. 'You may not cum this first time just from being fucked there, so you may want to reach down and play with your clit.'

'Ok', she replied and I felt her reach back. I began to slide in and out of her, slowly and rhythmically. Her body gripped me tightly, gorgeously tightly. She started to moan, but whether it was because of pleasurable feelings in her arse or the effect of her fingers on her clit, I couldn't tell.

'You feel wonderful there. Is it ok for you?' I asked.

'It feels very good. I'm going to be so popular back at uni after all I've learnt this summer.'

I continued my thrusting into her, becoming more vigorous as she got used to me being inside her. Her moans increased. 'Cum whenever you want to', she told me. 'My clitty says it's almost there.'

'That's just as well', I groaned. 'I'm not sure I can last much longer.'

'Cum in me', she urged, 'cum in me now, fill me up.'

She started to moan long and loud as her fingers worked furiously between her legs. Her passion drove me on and I felt her squeezing on my cock. I let out a long, loud groan as my cum suddenly surged into her bowels.

After we cleaned ourselves up, we lay together in bed. At intervals we resumed our love-making and continued until well after the sun had come up. Eventually, exhausted, I drifted off to sleep, only to wake with a start a couple of hours later to find that Rachel was no longer beside me. I turned over towards her side of the bed and saw a note on the pillow.

'My darling lover

I'm no good at goodbyes so I hope you won't mind that I made an early start this morning. This summer has been the most amazing time in my life and I will never forget it, but in a couple of weeks I will be back at uni and my life will move on. So will yours. I would like to think that you will be just a bit jealous of other men enjoying what, up till now, only you have had, but I suspect that you'll be happy for me and won't begrudge me a bit of it. But you will always be special because you were the first. 

With love for ever

Rachel'

*****

It was only a week or so after Rachel departed that Bob was suddenly taken ill. An ambulance was called and he was rushed to hospital. For a couple of days it was touch and go as to whether he'd pull through but gradually he recovered. The doctors, though, had stern words for him – cut out the drinking or the next time, and there would be a next time, it could be very different.

When he got back home, Bob announced that he'd arranged to go into a clinic to help him get off the drink. After he'd made this announcement, Cassie took me to one side. She told me that she didn't know whether Bob would be successful or not but she intended to stick by him and support him. If it went well, they hoped they could put their lives back together again. She hoped I would understand that this meant an end to our relationship and it would probably make things a lot easier if I wasn't at the Hall. I could hardly argue against her conclusions.

*****

That left Amanda. I don't know quite how to describe what I felt about Amanda. Don't get me wrong – we had great fun making love – but our relationship was less overtly sexual than any of the others I'd had during my time at the Hall. There was more of a depth and a bonding to it. I realised that there was every likelihood that I could fall in love with Amanda. That was unexpected.

Richard did finally wander back to her, of course, which meant that she and I had very few opportunities to make love during the last weeks of that summer, though we made the most of the chances that did arise. However, only a few weeks later Amanda's hope came true and Richard announced that there was someone else in his life. The only surprise was that it was another man. The divorce went through remarkably quickly and amicably but, while it was in progress, Amanda and I had to be careful not to do anything to upset the applecart. We had to be very discreet.

Once it was all over, we sat down and talked. Amanda had decided that she was going to continue running the farm by herself; I had helped to renew her self-confidence, she said. She also hoped that I would want our relationship to continue.

She told me how much I meant to her but she didn't think it would be a good idea for me to move into the farmhouse – she couldn't see me as a farmer, even a gentleman farmer, and she knew I had my own life in London – but she hoped I would want to spend at least part of my time with her – a 'live together apart' sort of relationship. She knew it would be asking a lot to expect me to be totally faithful to her but she hoped she would be at the centre of my life.

And that is how things have developed. I spend a very long weekend every couple of weeks with Amanda. I am still great friends with Cassie and Bob and I occasionally see Rachel round and about when she's home from university, but once a serious boyfriend arrived on the scene she seemed to feel awkward about us and we became distant from each other.

*****

I was at home one afternoon, working in my studio, when there was a knock at the front door. When I went downstairs and opened it, Rachel was standing there.

'I was in the area', she announced, 'so I thought I'd call by. I hope you don't mind.'

'Not at all', I replied, 'it's a wonderful surprise. Come on in.' We went through into my lounge. 'It's been so long', I continued. 'It must be...'

'Two years.'

'That long? I can hardly believe it.'

'Yes, time does fly, doesn't it? Anyway, I've finished university now and Jon and I have decided to get married. It's a bit of a rush – it's going to be in two months because Jon's got a really great job in Canada and we want to get married before we go. I don't know whether Amanda has told you?'

'Yes, she told me last week when I was at the farm. Congratulations. I hope you'll both be very happy.'

'I really would like you to be at the wedding', she said. 'It would mean so much to me but I'd understand if you might find it awkward. You'd be there as Amanda's partner, though, so it shouldn't be a problem. Mum and dad will be sending out the formal invitations next week but in the meantime I've brought you a special personal invitation.'

She handed me an envelope. Inside was a folded piece of paper. I opened it up and read the handwritten words on it: 'Fuck me'.

It took me a second or two to realise fully what I'd just read.

'You remember what mum told us that night when you took my virginity? About the night before her wedding?'

I nodded, not wanting to interrupt her flow.

'Mum told me the full story later. She and Mike were together the whole night before her wedding, which is why she looks a bit tired in a few of her wedding pictures. He fucked her for what was supposed to be the last time just before she got up in the morning and she said she could still feel him there when she walked up the aisle. Well, I want you to do the same for me.'

I was stunned.

'Are you serious? I thought you were going to ask me to fuck you now – but on your wedding night? Why?'

'Why do you think? That summer two years ago was just about the most special time of my life. I want to experience something of it again before I settle down into married life.'

'But how? Surely there will be loads of people around the Hall that night.'

'No, mum says there's enough to do without having loads of guests around the place so they've been farmed out to hotels. Even dad's getting chucked out – he's doing very well but the last thing we need is for him to have a relapse at that moment. Better he's elsewhere with a minder who's under strict instructions to keep him on the straight and narrow. So it'll be just mum and me – and you.'

'I can't believe this', I said. 'You're serious, aren't you?'

'Oh yes', she replied. 'Very.'

'But what about Amanda? I can't just disappear up to the Hall and come back early the next morning. What will she say?'

'She says she's happy for you to do it.'

'What! You've already talked to her about it?'

'Oh yes, she says that if you hadn't already been having sex with me and mum, you and she wouldn't be together now, so she thinks it's only fair. It's her way of saying thank you. Will you do it, please? It would mean so much to me.'

I hesitated. 'If you really want me to, but I want you to think about it very carefully, and if you change your mind – even at the last minute – that's fine by me.'

'Oh, thank you, thank you so much, it means so much to me.' She ran across and kissed me on the mouth. 'And now I think we'd better get some practice in.'

I held her tightly to me. Despite the time that had passed, her body felt so familiar. Her gorgeous breasts pressed against my chest and I could feel the nipples pressing through the thin cotton of our clothing. 'Still as firm as ever, I see', I said with a chuckle.

'Yes, and I'm as wet as ever, too. Just being in the same room as you does that to me. It started the very first day I met you. I get aroused with other men but with you it's like a tap being turned on. I just gush. Have you never wondered why I've been keeping my distance from you when Jon's been around? I was terrified I'd get really wet if I was close to you and he'd notice.'

I took hold of her hand and led her up the stairs to my bedroom. Displaying the dominant streak I'd noticed in her all that time before, she pushed me down on the bed and told me to sit still. Then she stood in front of me and began undressing. Her body was as wonderful as I remembered it and, as she slipped her panties off, she revealed that she was still fully shaved, just as I'd left her the last time we'd fucked.

'It's waxed these days, I'm afraid', she admitted. 'I tried shaving myself but the way you did it was so wonderful and I've never been able to match that. I did wonder about letting it grow so that you could do it again today but I thought we might have more pressing things to deal with.'

Her tight slit, now completely exposed by the lack of hair, looked so inviting. I leaned forward and slipped a hand between her legs, edge on so that my index finger rubbed against the slit. Her wetness was immediately apparent. She groaned. I pressed more firmly, parting the outer lips, which made her groan even louder, especially when my finger came into contact with her clit.

'Oh God, I need to be fucked, you have no idea how much I need you to fuck me.'

With that she threw herself down on the bed. I jumped up from where I'd been sitting and very swiftly got out of my clothes, leaving them scattered over the floor. As I clambered onto the bed she grabbed hold of my cock. It felt fit to burst. I leaned over, about to take a nipple in my mouth, but she had other ideas.

'Fuck the foreplay', she protested, 'I just want it in me.'

I got on top of her and she took hold of me, urgently lining me up with her now-gaping hole. Both of us thrust at the other and I sank in the whole way, in. We both gave a matching moan of satisfaction and delight.
