 Since that night working for David I hadn't seen or heard from him, but I couldn't get that night out of my mind.

Thinking about it made me wet and I'd lost count of the number of wanks I'd had since, plus the number of objects that I'd rammed up my twat to get me off!

Then, about two weeks later David came into the restaurant, even though he was at least 30 years older than me I wanted to fuck him. At the "party" I'd licked his prick and balls as he fucked Jean, I'd also licked his spunk out of Jean's twat, but he hadn't fucked me and I wanted his knob up me -badly.

It was a Tuesday and David was the only customer, I served him his pizza and went back to the kitchen, Ron the black chef who was 60 if he was a day, wanted to leave, so I said that I'd lock up.

This would give me the opportunity I thought, my fanny was soaking as I lifted my skirt and rubbed myself through my panties, my fingers went right up my crack, god I was wet!

I pulled off my panties, they were covered in pussy juice ,I was desperate for David's prick.

I was in full slut mode as I walked to the cupboard and got a banana, I shoved it up my snatch, fuck, I was so wet that only the stalk was sticking out of my hole!

I walked back into the restaurant and David had finished eating, as I got to his table I dropped my panties on his plate, they were thick with my fanny cream.

Before David could say anything, I sat on the table opposite him and pulled my skirt around my waist, as I spread my legs David said fuckin hell as he saw the banana sticking out of my hole, my twat was gaping as I pulled the banana out, fuck me David I said, ram your fucking knob up my gash I said.

In a flash his head was between my legs, his tongue was going up and down my crack, in my twat and in my arsehole, I couldn't help myself and squirted a load of cum all over David's face, he didn't stop and my fanny was squelching with the tonguing that I was getting.

I was talking filthy to him, telling him to finger his whores twat, lick my slut gash, I kept cumming I was so hot!

David stood up , his prick was rigid, his foreskin was right back and his bell end was shining. He picked up the banana that had been up my hole and shoved it up my arse, fucking hell I thought my ears had popped!

His prick then went balls deep up my fanny and he fucked me silly, I was creaming all over his prick and my pussy was farting with the knobbing that I was getting.

The sensation of being fucked like a train with a banana stuffed up my arse was awesome and I lost count of the number of times that I came.

David then stood back and his prick came out of my snatch with a sloppy pop. His prick was covered in my white fanny cream, lick it slut he said, I got off the table and sucked my cum off his cock. Jesus, his prick was like a fucking iron bar he was that hard! He lay back on the table with his knob sticking up in the air, squat on my face Britt he said, I stood with my legs astride his head, the banana was sticking out of my arse as I squatted, David reached up and started to fuck my arse with the banana, shoving it right in and then pulling it out, making my butt hole gape! At the same time David was wanking his rock hard prick, my fanny was frothing as I shot another load of cum, I was cumming that much you'd have thought I was pissing!!

David pulled the banana out of my twat and said sit on my prick Britt, I moved forward with my arsehole gaping, here Britt David said as he gave me the banana , lick your ass off the banana whilst I fuck your arse. As I squatted on his knob, I felt his bell end in my butt hole, then with a squelch his prick went all the way in, he was balls deep in my arse, as I licked my arse juice off the banana!

David then started to fuck me, he was ramming his prick up my arse and I was loving it, in fact, I was rubbing my fanny that hard that I was spraying cum, the feeling was that good my eyes were rolling in my head, he was fucking me rigid, it was fantastic, I'd become a slut for an old man and I couldn't get enough.

Just then the kitchen door opened and in walked Ron, he must have forgotten something as he stopped dead in his tracks, he stared at me as I was being fucked silly, an old mans knob fucking my arse whilst I rubbed and fingered my fanny.

I made no effort to stop, I also couldn't speak, the knobbing that I was getting had fried my brain, I looked at Ron and silently mouthed "fuck me".

Ron wasted no time in pulling off his t shirt and trousers, he was a skinny 60 plus year old with a long thin dong sticking out in front of him, he pulled his foreskin back as he walked towards me, his purple bell end was glistening in pre cum already, I spread my fanny and his knob went right in, having his black knob up my snatch made me cum immediately, David's prick ramming up my arse and Ron's black knob tipped me over the edge. 

Ron pulled his prick out and it was coated in my cream, shove it back in Ron I said, fuckin hell, I expected it in my twat, but the old fucker shoved it in my arse, my ears popped as two pricks were balls deep in my butt hole. Ron started to fuck me in unison with David, I couldn't talk, they were ramming their cocks up me, my fanny was pissing cum as they fucked the shit out of me.

These two old fuckers fucked my arse for at least 20 minutes, when they pulled out and spunked all over me, I was like a rag doll, I couldn't even stand, they spurted all over me, I was covered in spunk with a gaping arsehole, but I wanted more...