 By request from my readers, this is a sequel to my previous story A Family Affair which you can read here...

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The weekend after Jonathan's party after which I had enjoyed screwing both his sister Julia and their mum, Mary, I had an unexpected phone call from Mary in which she begged me to visit her again as she needed yet more of the orgasms that I had provided her with the previous weekend.

In the words of my current girlfriend's ex-husband, Mike, "Pussy moves man faster than gunpowder." so I went to the station and caught the next possible train to Northamptonshire where Mary was waiting in her car to take me to her cottage.

"I couldn't get you out of my mind." she told me before kissing me passionately and bundling me into the car. "Without the kids at home, I've been so lonely and masturbating wasn't doing the trick. I'm desperate to have you inside me as soon as we get home."

The drive from the station took us about twenty minutes down lanes throughout the spring fields until we finally reached Church Fenton, the village that her cottage stood on the edge of. Throughout the journey, when her hand was not on the gear stick, it was on my crotch where it was stroking my dick through my trousers.

As soon as we reached the cottage, Mary parked the car in the old farmyard and we went through the back door into the kitchen. "Glass of wine?"

"Yes please."

She poured me a glass of Liebfraumilch before pouring herself a glass of Merlot. "You know where Liebfraumilch gets it's name from?" As she said that she undid her blouse and her bra-less boobs were presented for my view. "It means 'Beloved lady's milk' in German. I haven't lactated for nearly twenty years, but if you'd like to suck my nipples maybe we can check the taste and see if it's as good." I took a swig of the flowery scented wine then leaned down and took her right nipple between my lips. She had anointed her breasts with a flowery perfume which gave it a sweet aroma but bitter taste. I swelled my tongue round the hardening nub of her tit as Mary drew in a sharp breathe of pleasure. "Yes!" she exclaimed while her fingers undid the zip on my trousers. "Keep doing that, Hans, and I'll be ready for you in seconds."

I transferred my attentions to her left breast whose nipple was already hardening in anticipation of what I was about to do to it while meanwhile I gathered her knee length skirt up to her waist so that I could roll her panties down past her knees. She kicked off her sandals and the panties dropped to the floor leaving her only wearing black hold-up stockings. They were probably the pair that she had ceremoniously removed before I bonked her for the first time the previous weekend. She shrugged her blouse off her shoulders and undid the waistband of her skirt so that they both joined her knickers and sandals on the floor.

"Right, now you. You're still dressed!" She swallowed a glug of wine and undid the belt on my trousers so that they fell down to the ground. I took off my jacket and tee shirt and draped them over a chair before tripping over my trousers because they were holding my ankles together and reaching out to hold onto something to stop me falling. What I grabbed was soft and fleshy. - A nine tit!

"Don't be so rough." instructed Mary. "If we are gentle, we can enjoy ourselves for longer. Get fully undressed, drink your wine and we can go through to the sofa in the lounge where you can make love to me all afternoon if you wish. Actually, I only want you to fuck me senseless if you've got it in you to do that."

I removed the rest of my clothing and as I pulled my briefs down my hard cock sprang out. "Hurry up, Hans, I've wanted that thing inside me for the whole week." She took me by the hand and lead me into the lounge where she sat languidly on the edge of the sofa with her legs parted and her back leaning back as far as it would go so her torso was almost horizontal. "Come and 'kiss' me."

I knew that kiss wasn't the word she wanted to use, but anyway I moved over to her and we locked mouths. Mary's mouth tasted of Merlot as my tongue circled hers until Mary's tongue licked the inside of my lips. My right hand tickled her left breast with her hard nipple being flicked by my thumb. Soon it moved down her body until it was frigging her labia. "Kiss my neck. please." I did what she had requested. "Not too hard. Last weekend you left me with a couple of obvious hickies. My young neighbour, Katherine, came round for a coffee on Tuesday and I couldn't explain them away. In the end I had to admit where they had come from. She seemed very interested and would like to meet you."

"She won't be looking here, though." I said as I moved my head down so that I could suck her minge.

Mary's voice expressed startled noises as I inserted my tongue into her vagina. "Ooooh and Yeeesss" were the only words I could understand under her gasping and whimpering as my flattened tongue lapped up her outer lips which were still completely bald after she had shaved her pubes the previous weekend, though the stubble was quite noticeable. I pointed my tongue and licked upwards across her urethra to where her clitoris was peeping from behind its shroud. She wriggled and tried saying something which I couldn't understand. I put two fingers inside her cunt and tried to locate her G-spot while still licking her clit. I must have found it because the sounds of her cumming were unmistakable.

Mary's hands reached down to my ears and pulled them and my head, until they were level with her head. "Fuck me, Hans. Fuck me hard. NOW!" How could I refuse? Her cunt was slippery from my saliva and her juices and my rigid cock had no problem in slipping into her. After a couple of dozen thrusts into that lovely tight pussy she exploded with a massive orgasm as she allowed the climax that she had been anticipating for a week to take hold of her body. I continued thrusting my prick in and out of her as she orgasmed for a second, then third, time. The contractions of her vagina nearly caused me to cum, but I knew that if this weekend went as planned, I would need to hold off because there would be many more opportunities to fuck her. After all, it was still just past lunchtime on the Saturday. With my fingers, tongue and penis, I brought the lovely Mary to orgasm countless times over the next hour eventually giving in and cumming myself. Mary said "I'm shattered. Let's go up and take a nap while you recover."

We went upstairs to Mary's bedroom which was very feminine. I hadn't been in it before as we enjoyed sex in the guest room previously. The bed was an old cast iron one, painted white to match the painted furniture and deep pile fluffy white carpet that was wonderfully soft to walk on. We got into the bed, naked where we successfully brought one another to the ultimate pleasure and very soon were both asleep in one another's arms.

About an hour later at around half past three, we were both awakened by a knock on the door and a female voice calling "Mary! Mary! Where are you?"

Mary jumped out of bed and put on a dressing gown. "It's Katherine. I invited her round for a cup of tea before I knew you would be here." She went to the wardrobe and passed me a white terry towel bathrobe and a pair of her husband's slippers. I put them on and we went downstairs.

Katherine was a pretty MILF with long auburn hair wearing a simple cotton dress which was belted just below her boobs, emphasising their size. The hem of the dress was just low enough to hide her panties and her legs were bare. She appeared to be about my own age, in her late twenties. "Hans, this is my neighbour, Katherine." introduced Mary "Kate, this is the guy I was telling you about, Johann." Kate gave me a hello kiss while looking me up and down.

"You two both look flushed" said Kate "Have I interrupted something?"

"No." said Mary "We were just having a siesta. Can I get you a cup of tea. Or there's red and white wine open if you prefer..."

"A glass of red would be lovely."

Mary poured two glasses of red wine and one of white for me.

"What do you think, Kate?" asked Mary "Will he do?"

"Oh definitely."

"Kate's boyfriend, Jim, is working in Australia until October and she is desperate for sex while he's away. I thought maybe you could help her out."

"I'd love to, but I came here to be with you."

"I'm that desperate, we could all go to bed together." suggested Kate.

"I'm happy to share." replied Mary. "After all, last weekend Hans screwed both me and my daughter. I suggest though, that we all go to the pub for dinner tonight, stay on for a lot too many drinks and see what happens and who he wants to fuck most. I'm starting to feel a bit sore, so maybe your luck is in, Kate."

"Sounds great to me." I said. "I find threesomes very demanding as I have to work twice as hard to keep both ladies on the boil."

"I need to go home and get ready." said Katherine. We stood up and Kate moved to me to give me a parting kiss using more tongue than I expected. Her hand snaked through the opening of my bathrobe and round behind my arse. "Nice bum!" she commented. "Mary was right."

When Katie had gone, Mary and I went back upstairs and got dressed. "I need to visit the pharmacy in the next town to buy some lube. Do you want to come?"

We went out, leaving the door unlocked. "This is a small village and it will be quite safe." We got in the car and drove to the town where Mary had picked me up from the station. The pharmacy was small and only had a small choice of sexual lubricating products. We chose a small bottle of Sylk which I had used before and enjoyed. You only need half a dozen drops and the effects are similar to a lady's natural juices.

We went back to Mary's cottage and tried it out on her bed. "That's so much better." We screwed until it was time to go to the pub. Mary climaxed several times and the ripples in her cunt as she came caused me to fill her snatch with what felt like half a pint of cum. "I knew it was worth my while keeping up with my Kegel exercises after the kids were born." I nodded in agreement.

By now, it was time to get dressed and walk to the pub. We knocked on the front door of the cottage next door and collected Kate. The three of us walked for about fifteen minutes to "The Red Cock Inn", the appropriately named pub where we chose a table for four and went to the bar to order our food and drinks. Mary ordered Lasagne washed down with a large glass of Merlot, Katie chose Mussels in a cream source and double vodka and tonic. I ordered their Rustic Burger and a pint of traditional cider. I paid for them all.

(Note for my American readers... English Cider is fermented Apple Juice about 8% alcohol. Also a double is 50ml)

We went back to the table with our drinks and sat with the two girls together on one side and me on the other. We started on our drinks and within a few minutes, a waitress brought our dinners to the table. We chatted as we eat our food. Kate said that her Mussels were very anatomical, and pointed out how much they looked like a lady's vulva. The waitress came and cleared the table and I went to the bar to refresh the drinks. When I got back to the table with the drinks, the ladies heads were very close as they giggled about something. I sat down and a hand stroked my leg but I had no way of telling who's hand it was, it was probably whoever had been playing footsie with me throughout the meal.

"I don't know what to do about next weekend." said Mary. I have the painters due and I know that Hans will not enjoy it if my pussy is blocked by a tampon."

"I have a solution." said Kate, "Because I've been on the Pill for several years, I've trained my body to only have 'the curse' during the week, so that I was always available when Jim visited at the weekend. I'll try Hans tonight and if I enjoy him, he can come and stay with me next weekend and can shag me instead."

"I'd like that." I said "If Mary doesn't mind."

"No problem, I won't get jealous." replied Mary "The only possible complication is that Julia is due back the following weekend and she's expecting to be fucked by Hans all weekend, so I'll have to do without my oats for three weeks."

"I promise to send him back tomorrow morning ready for action and undrained." promised Kate. My hand reached under and stroked her leg all the way up to her inside thigh which brought a grin to her mouth. She whispered "Later..."

After two more rounds of drinks, we staggered back to Mary's cottage where she gave me a passionate kiss and said "See you in the morning, Hans."

Kate put her arm round me and led me next door to her cottage. We went through the front door which led directly into the living room. To the right was a door into small bathroom and further down, past the brick fireplace a door into the kitchen. "It's only really one up and one down." apologised Kate. "I'll help you get your clothes off, I want you inside me as soon as you can."

"O. K. What's your favourite position and where's your favourite place?"

"Spoons in front of the fire, but seeing that's there's no fire tonight and it's a nice evening, let's start on the lawn." We went through the kitchen and out of the back door into the garden in the dusk. "It's a bit chilly out here. Let's go upstairs."

She led me through a door in the living room behind which a flight of stairs took us up directly into the bedroom which was almost filled by a queen sized double bed with a bedside cabinet on each side. Katie helped me take off my sweatshirt and shoes, while I undid my trousers and pulled them off. "I'll show you mine if you show me yours." I joked as I helped her remove her dress under which was a pretty flowery brassiere and matching panties. I reached behind her and unclipped her bra. She shimmied her shoulders to that her breasts were released and what amazing breast they were! Firm and perky with no sag. Just how I like them. They must have been about a B or C cup size with hard little pink nipples and aureolas. I couldn't wait to get them in my mouth.

"O.K. Hans on three... one, two," She put her thumbs into the waistband of my underpants, as did I did with her panties. "Three!" she pulled my pants down and I did her panties. On the sight of it's target, my cock sprang to attention. "Impressive." she commented. Although my knob is only seven inches long, it's also seven inches in circumference meaning that it completely filled most vaginas it has been in.

Kate moved closer to me for our first naked kiss. Her tongue explored the inside of my mouth in an extremely satisfying snog. With her arms round my back, she pulled me so that she was lying on the bed with me on top. "I'm already sopping wet so get that monster inside me NOW!" she commanded. I didn't need telling twice so within seconds we were fucking like rabbits. Kate climaxed within a minute making rather a lot of noise as she did so. She was noisy and her language would have shocked most men. I kept pounding my knob into her cunt making her cum time and time again.

"I thought you said that you're favourite position was spooning?" I asked when things had quieted down.

"That's only one of my favourite positions. When I was younger, I was considered to be a Wild Child and enjoyed sex in most positions sometimes with multiple boys at the same time. I got a reputation for being a slut." She explained. "Lie on your back on the edge of the bed. I want to ride you." I did as requested while she opened a drawer in one of the bedside cabinets and took out a bottle of lube which she smeared all over my dong then mounted me kneeling on one leg beside me while the other took some of her weight on the floor. My hands reached up and fondled her lovely tits, flicking the nipples with my thumbs. She lowered herself until my cock was fully inside her before bouncing up and down on it until an orgasm overwhelmed her body. I loved watching her tits bounce up and down on her chest She rode herself to a second climax then a third when the spasms of contractions running through her vaginal muscles forced me to lose control and ejaculate my load inside her.

"This is what I've been missing since Jim went abroad three months ago. A real flesh and blood dick inside me. It's so much better than a dildo, and a vibrator though great, is impersonal. I have a friend, Jennifer Clarke, in the manor house in the village whose husband is frequently away, so her man has bought her a Symbian orgasm machine so she won't be tempted to cheat on him, little does he know that he is unsuccessful. She has Symbian parties for her girlfriends and I hold the record for riding it for the longest at 80% stimulation. I must have cum over a hundred times. It was amazing and knackering and I couldn't walk afterwards for nearly an hour after as My legs were shaking too much. But it was not as good as when Jim came home and fucked me with a real flesh penis. Let's have some more wine, as my mouth is drying up then if you're recovered enough we can try spooning.

We both had a glug or two of wine to refresh ourselves after which Kate took hold of my dick which stiffened in her hand. "Are you ready?" she asked as she lay beside me with her knees bent. I cuddled up behind her pressing my groin into her shapely bum. My cock found its way into her slippery pussy and we resumed fornicating. "Mm mm, that's nice." My hand reached round to tickle her clit. "Oh yes, that's even nicer." Her arm reached behind and caressed my buttocks.

I commanded "Roll over onto your front so gravity can assist my shagging." Katie did that with me on her back as we indulged in fairly rigorous fucking. I was pounding my cock into her pussy with it going from just the head to it colliding with her cervix. At one point I came completely out and attempting to re-enter missed and instead started entering her anus.

"You're going to need more lube if you want to use my back door."

"Sorry!"

"I don't mind, but I haven't indulged in anal sex since Jim rescued me from my Wild Days. In fact, I used to enjoy it and would like to try it again. She reached over to the cabinet and passed me the lube. I smeared a lot over my cock and used a finger to put a dollop into her arse hole. "Slowly now." I pushed my dick slowly into her arse. It was much tighter there than her cunt was and accompanied by her groans, I managed to get it in until I encountered her anal sphincter. With a grunt, she pushed her bum upwards forcing it past the obstruction. I was all the way in with my balls brushing against her pussy.

"I'd forgotten how much I like that! Fuck my arse." I did as requested and the tightness of her rear passage soon got me excited. "Now put your fingers in my cunt and tickle my G-spot." I followed orders and soon my actions were exciting her as I could tell by her breathing, grunts and gasping. "I'm coming, Hans, Kiss me." She turned her neck round so I could kiss her mouth while my hand that wasn't in her pussy reached round and kneaded the only breast it could reach. The intense closeness of her body and sensations in my cock made me finally eject my load inside her. A shiver ran through her body as she finally came when I did.

"I don't want your prick covered in faeces anywhere near my cunt. I'm completely fucked anyway. Why don't we go down to the shower and wash each other?" In the bathroom, there was a shower over the bath. I pulled the shower curtain closed. Kate adjusted the thermostat to blood heat temperature. We stood underneath as we washed one another with flannels, soap and water. The pleasure I had from soaping her boobs and belly were giving me another erection. "I'm going to have to do something about that for you." Kate got down on her knees and gobbled my entire knob. She wanked it with her lips and one hand for a few minutes until I spurted my jism down her throat. We rinsed each other off and Kate got out of the bath and fetched two bath towels from a cupboard.
