 "How can I ever thank you, Traci," Brooke said as she hugged me in my office. "You saved my marriage. Bob and I have never been closer and, needless to say, our sex life is fantastic. We watched the video of the night you had him over at your place and I think we fucked three times before morning."

I smiled and said, "It's not like I haven't gained from all of this, Brooke. First of all, you and I still have our special relationship and I'm not going to let your husband have you all to himself. Secondly, we need to pursue your question about how you can thank me."

She sat down and said, "You name it. I'll do anything after what you've done for us."

"When's your next vacation?" I asked.

"The end of February."

"Where are you going this time?"

She grinned and said, "St. Maarten. My favorite island."

"French side or Dutch?" I said.

"We're staying in Grand Case on the French side, but we'll get over to the Dutch side at some point."

Before I could speak, Brooke sat up straight and said, "Oh my God, Traci. Can you get the time off to come?"

I laughed out loud. "I have plenty of time if you two want company."

Brooke sprang across the room and took me into her arms as I stood by the window sill. I felt her hands on my ass.

"An entire week of just the three of us," she gushed. "I don't think I can stand waiting that long. Please say you'll join us."

"Let's see what Bob says," I said much more calmly.

"Oh, right. Like he'll not want to do this," Brooke said, kissing me passionately and moving her hands onto my breasts. My blouse and bra were compressed in her grip, not to mention my tits. But she knew what I liked and I responded by prolonging the kiss.

A minute later, she said, "Can you stand two of us fighting over your body and making you cum all day and all night?"

"I'd like to find out," I said.

Bob and Brooke are about forty-years-old. I'm thirty. I was attracted to Brooke first and seduced her into a lesbian relationship that started at work and progressed from there. She's got incredible tits and a great body overall for her age. Her hair is short and bordering on white it is so light. Both she and Bob are good looking, but will never be on magazine covers. He's got a nice body, but that's not what I like most about him. His cock is epic. No, not the gigantic thing you see on porn sites. Just bigger than anything I'd ever seen before in my limited escapades with mostly younger men. I'll never give up women, but if I could only have one cock the rest of my life I'd choose Bob's.

I found it odd that the thing that slowly wore down Bob and Brooke's marriage—their independent natures—was what brought them back together, with my help. They had grown farther and farther apart because they didn't rely on each other totally. They began to find ways to live their lives without a sexual attachment to the other. When Brooke succumbed to my advances, it was because she was not emotionally committed to Bob. Then we let Bob in on our secret in a non-confrontational way and he immediately accepted the fact Brooke loved having sex with both me and him. She also allowed him freedom to be with me, as long as everybody was open about it. Now, they are independent to do whatever they want with whomever they want, as long as it involves just the three of us.

That's where things stood when I joined them on a trip to the Caribbean island of St. Maarten. As excited as we all were for the trip, none of us imagined how incredible it would turn out. I spent a good portion of my next paycheck on sexy new clothes, even though I hoped the majority of the week would be spent naked. Brooke did way more trips than me so I relied heavily on her for packing tips. She did convince me to put in a few formal dresses to go with my bikinis and tank tops. Oh, and shoes of all types, of course.

Just to make sure Brooke and I were on the same page before we left, she and I discussed how we would share Bob. There was very little disagreement. We would pretty much play it by ear as the days went along, but I did gain a concession from her that Bob and I could be alone at some point. This most likely was only allowed by her because of how the night worked out at my house when Bob came over and Brooke watched secretly from the loft. The resulting threesome that night was one to remember.

The flight to the island was long and it was hard keeping my hands off Bob as he sat in the middle seat between us. But, finally, we landed and, with luggage in our possession again, we found a taxi for the drive across the island.

Le Petit Hotel in Grand Case reminded me of something you would see in Key West. The white exterior contrasted nicely with the colorful lobby area. But the best surprise was saved for when we walked into our first floor deluxe studio room. It contained a separate kitchen, eating area, living area, bedroom, and porch, from which you could walk onto the beach. It was perfect.

We were all starved, so we agreed to find a nearby restaurant before stocking up on stuff for the kitchen and then hitting the beach. We found a cafe within comfortable walking distance and it had a big enough menu to meet our varied tastes. All I could think about anyway was being back in the room with my two favorite people. We grabbed some snacks and drinks on the way back and after putting those away began to change for the beach. Bob was the one that insisted none of us change in private, so the bedroom became a large changing room with each of us attentively watching the others get into their bathing suits.

Brooke, of course, looked incredible in her colorful bikini and Bob wore a baggy pair of trunks that offered a tempting amount of space to reach inside. My bikini was similar to Brooke's, but with ties on the bottom. We got through that brief, but fun, period of nudity without any sex, which was becoming quite rare for us.

The beach was great and the weather even better, but Bob was not as big a fan of lying out as me and Brooke, so we went back into the room after about an hour. We found out the real reason for his anxiousness to get back when he pulled shut the blinds covering the sliding glass door to the porch.

Bob walked up behind Brooke, put his arms around her, and said, "OK. Time for the vacation to start."

I sat in a chair facing them and got ready for the show. Bob's hands engulfed Brooke's tits and it didn't take long for her erect nipples to appear. He kissed her neck while untying her top and letting it drop to the floor. My hand was already searching out my clit and Brooke smiled approvingly.

By the time Bob turned his wife around so he could suck on her tits, the bulge in the front of his trunks was obvious. Brooke put her hand around it and began to stroke. I slouched a little lower in the chair and rubbed my clit a little faster.

Bob removed the bottom of Brooke's bikini and lingered around her pussy long enough to swipe his tongue over it several times. Then he stood and allowed her to get him naked. Bob's cock sprang up like a pole once it was free and Brooke was on her knees immediately.

But she looked over at me and said, "Come on, Traci. It might take two of us."

I gladly joined her and the two of us ran our tongues up the shaft in unison. Bob managed to undo my bikini top in the process and got it off. We'd worry about the bottom later, after Brooke and I drove him to near orgasm with our mouths. I played with Brooke's tits while we alternated sucking on the cock.

"Get on your back, Brooke. I need to fuck somebody before you guys make me cum," Bob said.

I got naked while Brooke settled onto the floor. Bob got between her legs and I straddled her head, impatiently awaiting her tongue on my pussy. Watching that massive cock spread Brooke's pussy and slowly sliding inside was fantastic. She groaned the entire time until finally pulling me down to her and gliding her tongue over my very wet pussy. Bob started to fuck her with a steady cadence and I felt Brooke's tongue slide inside of me.

I couldn't take my eyes off Bob's cock as it drove like a piston in and out of his wife. The moisture on it glistened in the light and the sound just made me want it myself even more. Instead, I had Brooke's marvelous tongue now stabbing at my clit and my entire body shook with delight. I felt her lips close and she began to suck on my engorged clit.

For at least five minutes we went on like this, our moans growing louder and more intense. It was only natural that Brooke, the recipient of the effects of Bob's cock, came first. I was more than willing to let her take a break from eating me while she came and Bob and I watched her body twist and turn during her climax. But the moment her tongue hit my clit again, I joined her in a long, wonderful orgasm. Then Bob gave us a treat by pulling out and stroking his cock until stream after stream of cum poured over Brooke's tits and stomach and pussy.

It was a decent start to the week, I thought to myself. If only I knew what was in store for all of us.

With our porch looking out over the beach and the fact we sat on it quite often, it was only natural that we soon found out who our neighbors were. It was the morning of our first full day on the island that Brooke and I were enjoying coffee and first saw the family in the room beside us. They walked to the beach without noticing us, or at least without acknowledging us, but we were easily able to determine that it was a couple in their early forties and a teenage daughter, perhaps college age.

"Very nice," Brooke said softly.

"Which one?"

"Both. That guy is really cute and, damn it Traci, you even have me looking at the woman now," she said. "I like her long, blonde hair and what a body. I'm jealous."

The woman was definitely curvier than Brooke and I, but by no means would be considered heavy. She was right about the husband. He was going to be worth watching for as long as they stayed.

"The daughter inherited good genes," I said. "I'd like an hour with her alone."

"I get the second hour," Brooke insisted.

"Maybe we should start with Mom," I said. "I'd love to have my fingers in that long hair while trying to get those beautiful boobs in my mouth. It might be a tough sell, though, with a guy like that in bed with her every night."

"You've been known to convince women that's it worth a try," Brooke said with a smile.

"I do my best."

Fate was certainly with us on that trip because Bob had signed up for a deep sea fishing excursion that day and he told us over a late breakfast that the guy next door was also going. I looked at Brooke and she knew immediately what I was plotting. It was risky, but you only live once.

Soon after we knew the men were gone, we started watching for our opportunity.

"Let me get things started if we get her alone," I told Brooke. "The daughter could be a problem, though."

"Hell no," Brooke replied. "She doesn't want to be with Mom all day. She'll be out looking for guys her age. Mom will be alone, for sure."

This time Brooke nailed it. Right before noon, we saw the woman by herself in the shade of her porch. She had on a see-through cover and large sunglasses that made her already gorgeous face even more appealing. Her long legs stretched out in front of her and I wasn't sure I could hold a conversation with this woman without stammering my way through it.

Brooke and I had changed out of our bikinis into sleeveless tops and shorts. There was no use scaring off someone we were about to meet for the first time by letting her see us in those right away. Then we stepped outside to take the short walk and introduce ourselves.

"Hi, I'm Traci and this is Brooke," I said as we approached her. "We're in the room next door and just wanted to introduce ourselves."

She took off her sunglasses and, if it was possible, she was even better looking without them as her blue eyes shined back at us.

"Hi. I'm Kelley. Have a seat."

Brooke and I took chairs next to each other across from Kelley, who put the glasses back on and grinned.

"Are we keeping you from anything?" I asked.

She said, "Not at all. My daughter is off somewhere unknown and my husband is fishing."

I felt Brooke's foot hit my leg right before she said, "Yeah, he's on the same boat as my husband. How old is your daughter."

"She's eighteen. Her name's Lori. We were afraid she'd be bored stiff here, but we'll see if she makes any friends today. Boyfriends, I should say."

Brooke said, "She's very pretty. I'm sure she won't have any trouble making friends."

"She's very independent," Kelley said. "Very mature. It worries me sometimes and other times it's a blessing. As long as she checks in occasionally I'm alright. Are there four of you staying together?"

"No, just three," I replied. "I sleep on the couch. Brooke and Bob are used to me hanging around. Brooke and I work together."

Kelley seemed unsure how to take my blatant lie about the couch and I wasn't in a hurry to clarify things. I'd let her think it was all true...for now. She wouldn't have believed the truth anyway.

"Oh, that's nice," Kelley said. "We've never traveled with friends. Scott wouldn't be very comfortable with that. He's not even all that thrilled with having Lori with us."

"So he's possessive of you?" I asked her.

She grimaced and said, "Very. It's his one fault."

I imagined being able to live with a gorgeous dude that had his body and only one fault. Or living with Kelley who appeared to have not a single fault. Brooke had to notice me staring at Kelley's chest as the two of them talked. Even through the cover-up she wore, the unmistakable splendor of her breasts was evident.

We chatted for a few minutes and then Kelley said, "I'm afraid I don't have anything to offer you in way of drinks. We just haven't stocked up the kitchen, yet."

"We have stuff," Brooke answered quickly. "Why don't we move over to our place?"

I never knew Brooke had it in her to seduce a woman in such a cool way. I secretly slapped her on the ass while the three of us walked to our room. Her grin assured me she was also proud of herself.

Brooke took care of the drink orders while Kelley and I talked in the living room.

"What does your husband do?" I asked her.

"He's an attorney. He's always very busy and stressed. This vacation will be good, but not long enough. It took forever to get him to agree to go," she said.

"It must be hard on you."

She shrugged and said, "I work, too. I have to with Lori going into college. But that's life, I guess."

After a pause, she added, "I don't want to sound like I'm not happy. I am. It's just...difficult sometimes."

Brooke brought us the drinks, made from a margarita mix we bought at the store. Knowing her, the one Kelley had probably had a splash or two of extra tequila in it. We sat down and talked for another fifteen minutes.

Kelley didn't accept my offer for a refill, but she did seem more at ease with us and we laughed at many of her Lori stories. When Brooke and I were both in the kitchen at one point, she rose to join us. This was my chance, I thought to myself. It was now or never.

As we stood together, I said to Kelley, "Brooke and I find this time of day to be the most relaxing. You're welcome to join us if you have the time."

I began to move behind her.

She said, "I...I think I do."

"We can relieve some of that stress you've been feeling, Kelley," I said.

I put my hands on her shoulders and gently massaged them. Her silky cover-up moved along with my fingers. Kelley and Brooke looked at each other and Brooke offered a reassuring grin. I pulled down on the cover-up and reached around to untie it at her waist. It came off easily.

"Maybe I should get back...," Kelley began to say.

I put my face on her luscious, long blonde hair and whispered, "Don't go. You'll be glad you stayed."

I reached for her flat, firm abdomen and slid my hands up to the bottom of her breasts.

"No. Really. I...I...," Kelley stammered.

Brooke moved closer and put a hand on the inside of her thigh. As the hand rose, Brooke moved even closer until their bodies were just inches apart. I cupped Kelley's right tit in my hand without squeezing. Brooke's fingers were at the bottom of her bikini.

"Relax," I murmured. "It's alright."

At the same time I put a hand inside the top of her bikini, Brooke slid a finger inside the bottom and found Kelley's pussy. I could feel her entire body stiffen.

"Let go, Kelley. There's nothing to be afraid of," I said.

I couldn't believe the marvelous feeling of her large breast in my hand, with the nipple beginning to harden against my palm. I kneaded the tit the best I could with the bikini still on. Finally, I had to pull up on the cups to release both tits, despite Kelley's gasp.

"It's alright," I told her, untying the top and taking it off.

Brooke now had a hand completely inside the bikini bottom, gently rubbing Kelley's pussy. I saw that the woman's eyes were closed as she tried to comprehend what was happening.

In one last attempt, she whimpered, "Please. Stop."

But Brooke ran two fingers over Kelley's clit and I pinched her nipple, causing Kelley to cry out. There was never another attempt to end the attack on her body.

Brooke quickly pulled down the bikini bottom while I worked over both tits. Brooke didn't immediately put her face between Kelley's legs, thinking it might be too early for that. Instead, she rose, put her lips lightly on Kelley's and continued to rub her clit. I watched with delight as the kiss continued and intensified. Then my hands were on Kelley's ass, squeezing the supple skin between my fingers. God, I wanted her so bad.

If it was Kelley's intent to make us stop, all was lost when she and Brooke held each other and kissed as passionately as I had ever seen two strangers kiss. I just stood back and stared at Kelley's beautiful body in the arms of my girlfriend, not at all jealous because I knew I would have my chance with her. Brooke took a second after the kiss to lick Kelley's erect nipples. Then Brooke said, "Sit on the edge of the table."

Kelley did and Brooke got between her legs while I took her place at Kelley's tits. I saw the top of Brooke's head, knowing full well why Kelley leaned back and muttered something I couldn't hear. I began to suck on those big tits while Brooke licked and sucked Kelley's clit and drove her tongue inside her pussy.

"Yes. Yes," Kelley said over and over at the new sensations she was feeling.

Eventually, Kelley was on her back. Brooke had her arms around the woman's legs, holding her in place as Kelley's body began to quiver. I was lightly biting the nipples, then licking them and taking as much of the tit into my mouth as I could fit.

"No more," Kelley begged. "That's enough. I'm...I'm...going to...of my God. Stop!"

But we didn't stop. Brooke was sucking on the clit and stabbing it with her tongue. I was rolling a nipple between my thumb and forefinger.

"No! No! Ohhhhhh fuck!"

There's something unique, I think, about a woman's first orgasm at the hands...and mouth...of another woman. For some, it's the first true orgasm they ever have. In any case, it's better than any other. Kelley came and came for what seemed an eternity, with her body squirming on the table and her shrieks of joy filling the room. Brooke only moved away when Kelley tried to crawl to the other end of the table.

Kelley covered her face with her hands and I saw a few strands of hair covered with perspiration on her forehead. She was still very, very sexy.

"I can't believe you did that," Kelley sighed. "I've never...I mean, I don't do that with anyone but Scott."

"It's not the same, is it?" I said.

"Hell no, it's not the same. My God I thought I'd never stop cumming."

"So we can invite you over again?" Brooke asked.
