 While her boyfriend Jack was back in the states fucking her mother and her brother, Linda was starting the fourth week of a six week European vacation. She and her three girlfriends had just arrived in the south of France where they would spend a week on the Riviera. Then they would travel through the Loire Valley and wrap up the vacation in Paris.

Linda of course had no idea that both her brother and her mother had seduced her boyfriend. No would she ever expect that they offered Jack what she had denied him, her ass and her mouth. While Jack was being well taken care of Linda was sexually frustrated and she dearly missed Jack. She had had plenty of opportunities for sex with the locals but she passed it up. Now she was so horny that she regretted a few missed opportunities.

Linda was rooming with her college roommate Janie while her other two sorority sisters, Beth and Nancy, roomed together during their travels. Linda was convinced that Beth and Nancy were getting it on all the time although she knew that they dated guys as well. Linda didn't think of them as Lesbians since they did go out with men. It just seemed that they had each other when there were no men available. They were also very selective who they dated and fucked.

Janie had made suggestive overtones toward Linda but she had never tired to seduce her. But Janie had raised Linda's curiosity about female sex and Linda had started to look at Janie in a different light. At times Janie would excuse herself at night and go over to the other girl's room. She would be gone for hours and then she would return with that swagger that indicated she just been fucked. Janie often would return from Beth and Nancy with a glow on her face and a confidence that women have after great sex. Just Janie's aura stirred Linda's loins when she returned two their room.

This week would prove especially challenging since they would be on the clothing optional beaches of the Riviera. Linda was already embarrassed about her tan lines since she never sunbathed nude and she knew she would stand out on the beach. The other girls had sunbathed topless in thong bikinis so they were much farther ahead than Linda in the all over tan department.

THE RIVIERA

The first day on the clothing optional beach went better than Linda expected. There were plenty of tourists who showed up with white skin so Linda was not the standout that she thought she would be. She enjoyed basking in the sun with her three girlfriends topless in their thong bikinis, after awhile topless just seemed natural. Linda watched the local arrive at the beach with their towels and little tote bags. They spread out the towel and then stripped off their shirts and shorts and casually put them in the bag. All the while they were impervious to the number of people on the beach as they casually put lotion on their naked skin and then stretched out on the towel.

Linda felt her loins stir as she was turned on by the beautiful naked people both men and women. Linda was lying on her back sunning thinking about what it might be like to make love with a woman and her thoughts turned to Janie. Linda wondered what she would do with Janie but then she was sure that Janie knew what to do and she would guide her. Just then she felt something warm on her breasts and she opened her eyes. Janie was propped up on her side with a bottle of suntan lotion in her hand.

"You don't want to get these babies sunburned," Janie said as she poured the lotion onto Linda's tits.

Linda was lost for words and she just lay there as Janie rubbed the lotion over her white tan lines. Linda's nipples hardened immediately and she clenched her fists tight as Janie massaged the lotion into her skin and covered her breasts. Linda was so turned on that she wanted to plunge her hand into her bikini bottom and rub her pussy.

"There that should be better," Janie said as she put the lotion away.

Linda lay there confused. Janie's hands had felt so good that Linda had not wanted her to stop. Linda's nipples were on fire and it was all she could do to keep from rubbing her own tits. Janie just smiled at her girlfriend as she knew that she had gotten to Linda. Later that day Linda was on her stomach when Janie repeated the action. This time she rubbed Linda's buttocks and covered them with lotion. It seemed that Janie spent more time than needed on Linda's ass and Linda subconsciously wiggled her buns in response. Janie was tempted to let her fingers drift between Linda's thighs but she didn't want to push the issue at this time. Plus how far could she take it in public? Janie was satisfied with Linda's reaction.

The girls spent the entire day on the beach soaking up the rays and constantly putting lotion on one another. They later returned to their rooms to shower, dress and go out for the evening. The girls dined out first and then they went clubbing for awhile. They danced with guys and felt the erections pressing up against their thighs. Their bottoms were fondled and pinched frequently as they made their way around the crowded clubs. By the time they returned to their rooms they were all horny. That night Janie decided to make her move on Linda rather than join Beth and Nancy.

Janie and Linda changed into t-shirts and shorts and then they sat on the small couch sipping wine. They talked for awhile before Janie took the wine glass from Linda's hand and set it down. Then Janie moved closer to Linda and she sensed Linda's nervousness. Despite her nervousness Linda wanted it to happen.

"Let me make love to you," Janie said softly.

Janie then lifted the t-shirt over Linda's head baring her entire upper body. She lowered her mouth to Linda's breasts and told her how beautiful her tits were and how delicious her nipples tasted. Janie remarked about her progress on her tan lines and assured her that they would be gone in a few days. Janie than began her tortuous journey down Linda's body using her mouth to taste and caress every inch of her skin. Janie untied the string on Linda's shorts and slowly pulled them down her hips. Linda automatically raised her hips to make it easier for Janie to remove her shorts. Janie took them off of her legs and tossed them over with the t-shirt. Janie's hands then returned to Linda's bikini panties and she tucked her fingers into the elastic waistband and painstakingly slid them down and off of Linda's shapely legs. Linda was now totally naked on the sofa as Janie stood up to remove all of her own clothes. Janie looked at the contrast in Linda's skin color between her tanned body and the part that had been protected by her thong bikini and told Linda that she would be able to lose those tan lines as well if she sunbathed nude.

Janie lay back down with Linda on the sofa and their bodies came together. Linda's breathing became shallow and her moans became loudly audible. Linda began touching Janie's body now and she marveled in their mutual beauty. Janie began to purr in ecstasy. It seemed natural for them to be together and not at all taboo to be female lovers. As Janie's tongue circled Linda's right nipple she became increasingly aware that it was not going to take much more to make her cum. Linda felt Janie's fingers stroke her wet mound locating her puffy pussy and then trying to find their way inside her. Linda moved her legs further apart trying to help Janie and soon she was fingering Linda with soft, slow, tender probes.

Linda couldn't take it any longer, she gently pushed Janie's head down and Janie nestled between her legs. Janie used her hands to slowly open Linda's legs and placed Linda's thighs on her shoulders. With one finger Janie traced the soft outer lips of Linda's swollen pussy and applied gentle pressure spreading them open even further. Linda felt the familiar butterflies in her stomach as she gazed upon the sight of her moist lips inviting Janie's invasion. She put more fingers were inside Linda and caressed her inner walls while Janie's thumb positioned itself on the tip of Linda's swelling clit and lightly tickled it back and forth.

Janie moved herself slowly up Linda's body as she continued to finger fuck her pussy she kissed and licked her way to her tits. Janie took turns holding each nipple between her soft lips sucking and flicking at Linda's hard nipples. Linda in turn reached for Janie's breasts and felt her hard nipples across her palms as she stroked them. Linda pinched and rolled Janie's nipples between her fingers while Janie tongued her breasts. Janie whispered to Linda that she had to have her and then kissed her passionately. They moaned into each other's mouth as their fingers and thumbs tickled their swollen clits. Linda could feel the wetness of Janie's pussy saturating her thigh.

Janie broke off their kiss and smiled at her before descending toward Linda's aching pussy. As Janie reached Linda's wet mound she separated the lips fully opening her pink moistness and then Janie herself groaned with anticipated pleasure. The tip of her tongue touched Linda's center and her sweet liquid gushed into Janie's mouth. Janie was unprepared for her gusher but none the less she licked at her silky lips, losing herself in the feeling of Linda's beautiful hot body. She flattened her tongue and stroked Linda's center up and down firmly enough that Linda could feel it on her clit. Janie drove Linda mad as her swollen clit twitched and ached for more attention. Linda arched her back and pulled Janie's head to her mound trying to shove her engorged clit into Janie's mouth much like a man would shove his cock into a woman's mouth. Janie wrapped her lips around Linda's swollen button and sucked it as she would her husband's dick. Linda gasped as Janie's lips sucked her clit in further and further causing a strong tremor to run through her whole body.

Linda's hips lifted off of the sofa as Janie sucked on her clit flicking it back and forth as her fingers probed deep inside Linda. Janie worked her fingers in and out slowly at first and then with more intensity as her tongue firmly, methodically pressed again and again against Linda's erect clit, which was now totally exposed from its hood. At this point Linda's groans became very loud, her body was rocked with her second orgasm and she ground her pussy into Janie's face which was totally covered with Linda's sweet love juices that gushed as the dam broke. 

Janie continued to lap at the hard clit as Linda's body convulsed and with one orgasm after another. Slowly Linda relaxed after the last of one of the most intense climaxes she ever had. She lay back on the sofa as Janie moved up to her lips and covered them with her own mouth, kissing Linda tenderly, deeply and letting her tongue slip past Linda's lips so she could taste herself. Linda kissed Janie eagerly in return, loving the sweet taste of her own pussy. They lay on the sofa cradled in one other's arms without saying a word savoring the feel of a woman's body in each other's arms.

"Linda have you ever kissed a girl before today?" Janie asked.

"Yes in high school," Linda admitted shyly.

"Have you ever eaten pussy?" Janie pressed.

"No," Linda whispered.

"Would you eat mine?" Janie asked in a sultry tone.

"Yes," Linda answered demurely.

"Come Linda let's get into bed I want you to make love to me now," Janie said taking Linda's hand.

"Come to me Linda, come and make love to me," she called softly to Linda.

"I don't know exactly what to do," Linda confessed, "I have only been on the receiving end."

"Nonsense just do me the same way I did you, it's easy, just follow your instincts and enjoy," Janie whispered.

Janie opened her legs and guided Linda between her thighs. Linda looked right at Janie's beautiful pussy and she leaned forward and slowly stuck out her tongue. Linda wasn't sure exactly how to do it so she just sort of pretended she was licking the ice cream off of a cone. Linda took one, slow lick as she flattened my tongue on Janie's swollen mound. It felt so smooth and warm and Linda knew she had achieved the desired effect from the moan she know that Janie enjoyed it. To Linda's surprise she enjoyed her first taste of pussy and she kept licking and eating Janie. Linda pointed her tongue and burrowed into Janie's pussy as it parted the labia and her tongue was rewarded with the exquisite taste of Janie's juice. Soon Linda was like a puppy at a saucer of milk, licking and lapping up as much as she could as fast as she could.

Janie was obviously enjoying what Linda was doing and she reached down with both hands and spread herself wide making it so much easier for Linda's tongue to explore her pussy. Linda's tongue explored all of Janie as her mind took notes of what seemed to turn Janie on. Janie was breathing rapidly and she moaned softly whenever Linda got near her hard pearl. As Linda searched out Janie's hard clit, still just barely hidden, Janie tensed and began to quiver. After Linda felt like she had teased Janie's opening as much as she could with her tongue it was time to see Janie's reaction when Linda's tongue finally touched that pearl just as Janie had done to her earlier.

Linda burrowed her tongue as deep into Janie as she could and then she just sort of licked and sucked her way up. When Linda got to Janie's pearl she used the very tip of her tongue to push back the little hood. Linda was truly amazed at its size as she flicked her tongue over it once and then used the tip to explore the folds of flesh on either side of it. Janie was now moaning and she used her fingers to pull her hood back as she arched herself so that her pearl stuck out even further like a little cock. Linda nuzzled it with her nose taking in Janie's scent and she licked it once more before she took it between her teeth and gently nibbled it. 

Janie went wild and started bucking and calling out Linda's name. She let go of her own fleshy hood and pulled Linda's head to her pussy as she cried out in ecstasy. Linda sucked Janie's clit as deep in her mouth as she could and Janie humped her face for all she was worth. Linda was excited that she was able to get Janie that excited and she sucked harder and played with this wonderful new toy with her lips, tongue and teeth. Linda didn't know exactly how many times Janie came but finally she finally went stiff and then collapsed on the bed, her body in spasms. As Linda lay there her thoughts returned to her earlier thoughts about whether she would make love with Janie. Linda now knew that she was incapable of resisting Janie's charms.

"That was beautiful you were marvelous Linda. I cannot believe that it was your first time eating pussy," Janie sighed.

Linda was turned on again and she lay on her back next to Janie and her hands went to her pussy. She started to finger herself anxious to cum yet again. Linda did not notice Janie get off the bed and leave the room. Her eyes were closed and she was furiously flicking her clit when Janie returned.

"Linda I have a surprise for you," she said in a sultry tone, "I had no idea that I would get to use it so soon on you."

Linda opened my eyes and saw Janie standing by the bed wearing a strap-on dildo. Linda was shocked as she had never seen one of these at least not with a woman wearing one. Janie knelt on the bed between Linda's legs and pressed her lips down hard on Linda's kissing her until her lips parted and Janie's tongue entered her mouth. Linda reached down and wrapped her hand around the fake cock that was touching her inner thighs. She wasn't exactly sure what to do next but Janie showed her. Without a word Janie moved Linda's legs apart and slid the flexible dong into her soaking wet pussy. There was no resistance at all Linda was so wet that the head slipped in easily.

As Janie slid the fake cock inside Linda she lifted her knees and closed her eyes surrendering herself to Janie. Linda gave into her and whatever was to come next. Then Linda felt something fierce burst inside her as Janie thrust her hips in one hard fast motion driving into Linda causing her to cry out. Linda grasped the bed sheets and her cries got louder with each thrust of Janie's cock into her.

"Harder, harder fuck me harder," Linda screamed thrusting her hips up to meet Janie, "Oh God, yes, it's so good," she continued.

Janie hooked her arms under Linda's knees and held on her thrusts becoming harder and faster. Linda could feel that tension building again that sweet fire that she so often sought and the pressure was mounting. Without warning Linda screamed out her body suddenly tensing and arching up off the bed. Linda's cumming pushed Janie over the edge and they both exploded together. Janie collapsed on top of Linda their breasts pressing together. They lay quietly with the fake cock still buried in Linda's pussy until Janie rolled off her and lay on her back next to her. Linda looked down at her and the saw the menacing dildo pointing in the air. It looked obscene on Janie's petite body. Linda thought to herself, "That she just had one of the best fucks of her life."

Janie removed the harness from her body and she showed Linda the dildo up close. She pointed out the little knob on the one end that rubbed the wearer's clit when she was fucking her partner. Then Janie surprised Linda by taking it her mouth and licking it clean of all her juices. Janie took off the harness and crawled back in bed with Linda.

"I am staying in the same bed with you tonight," Janie said as she reached for Linda.

Linda rolled into Janie's arms and held to each other. The blonde haired beauty Linda and the sexpot Janie looked beautiful together with their contrasting tones as they fell asleep.

THE DAY AFTER

They both woke up the next morning with Linda's back was pressed into Janie's front. Linda could feel the hard nipples of Janie's tits pressing into her back. Linda tried to get up with out disturbing Janie but Janie stirred anyway.

"I'm going to take a shower," Linda whispered.

"Mind if I join you?" Janie asked.

"No of course not," Linda replied.

They entered the shower and relaxed under the warm cascade of water. Then they began to wash each other's body. They were both getting turned on again as they seemed to be insatiable. Janie pushed Linda back against the shower wall and smiled wickedly at her as Janie dropped slowly to her knees. As Janie spread Linda's legs she couldn't conceal a moan, and Linda had to bite her lip to stifle her gasps as she felt Janie's hot breath on her pussy. Janie started to place delicate kisses upon Linda's naked thighs and the sensation of her wet lips on Linda's warm skin sent shockwaves of excitement through her. Janie ran a fingertip down Linda's slit and she groaned with pleasure as Janie's fingers honed in on Linda's now swollen clit.

Janie inhaled the sweet odor of Linda's pussy, savoring the musky smell and her tongue darted out as she lapped excitedly at her pussy. Next she pulled Linda's pussy lips open to expose every fold of her pink pussy. Janie darted her tongue in and out of Linda's now dripping cunt as she used her tongue like a little cock. Janie used her thumb to rub Linda's clit as she dipped her fingers into Linda's soaking pussy, getting one of them nice and wet and then slid it into Linda's tight asshole. Janie started to switch between sucking Linda's clit into her hot mouth and sliding her fingers into Linda's hot pussy and one into her ass. Linda groaned as she often did with anal penetration. Linda had never had anything in her ass but a finger and she clearly enjoyed Janie's finger in her. Soon the intensity in Linda's ass, pussy and clit built up to a boiling point and she came noisily her juices spilt from her and into Janie's awaiting mouth.

Next Linda turned Janie so that she is spread-eagled with her hands against the wall of the shower and Linda watched as the rivulets of water from the shower coursed down her beautiful body and ran between her legs. Linda started to place gentle kisses all over Janie's body beginning at her shoulders and kissed downward across her back to her curvy firm ass. Linda began to lick and kiss Janie's hips planting kisses all over her creamy smooth sensitive skin. Linda couldn't help herself from gently nibbling the cheeky flesh of Janie's ass. Janie gave off a playful yelp and wiggled her bottom in delight. As Linda kissed the inside of Janie's thighs she heard her groan with passion as Linda's mouth moved steadily up her thighs toward her pussy.
