 "You can't be serious," I told Jack. "Where the hell did you hear about this anyway?"

Jack was my best friend, had been for years. He'd been the high school basketball star, moved on and did well in college though he'd opted for a job in marketing where his good looks, charm and bright white smile made him a favorite amongst the ladies.

"A friend of a friend," he said simply. Yeah sure, I'd heard those stories before.

"Well I don't believe it," I told him. "No star, no icon would go out and purposely do something like this, and even if as you say, no one knows who she is, what's the point?"

"The point my friend," Jack began, "Is that you get a chance to do anything you want to with her, you have the knowledge that it IS someone famous, even if you don't know, or are not sure if she really is who she claims to be. The fact is, it's possible, maybe it really is someone famous. But the bottom line, it's a free-fuck with obviously a good looking woman with a hell of a lot of money, so what's to lose?"

He had a point there, but I was still leery of the whole thing. "O.k., so how's this work?" I asked. Jack was grinning now.

"So you are interested then?"

"We'll see," I said simply. "After I hear a bit more."

The marketing firm Jack worked for had a list of some pretty prestigious clients, one of these had told one of the V.P.'s of the firm about an experience he'd had, and had sworn by it that it was true. The client had even gone so far as to give Mark, the Executive V.P. the email address to contact, and the code that went along with it.

"So then what?" I asked.

Jack laughed, "Steve, your hard-on's showing, I knew you'd be interested!"

I actually did have one as I sat there thinking about it, but I knew he was only referring to my frame of mind and not my actual condition as he'd had to have been looking beneath the table to know that I did.

"Like I said Jack, then what?"

"You email them the code, along with three photo's, one a full face photo, the second a full body photo but distinct enough to know that it's still you, and finally, a fully nude photo of yourself in an aroused state."

I shook my head, "You're kidding me."

"Nope! That's what Mark told me he had to do when he went."

"So he really went, and she, whoever it really was, or wasn't, was actually lying there in bed, naked, with a brown paper sack over her head."

"Yeah, she was. I know it sounds weird..."

"Sounds weird? Fuck Jack, it IS weird!"

"Regardless, Mark said he had the time of his life, and that she had an obsofuckinglutely gorgeous body."

"And he went with this client friend of his."

"Yep, I guess she prefers it when it's two guys at a time, if not three."

I thought about that, I could handle doing something like this with Jack easily, we'd actually fucked a pair of sister's in the same room before and had even switched partners, so doing something like this with him was no big deal, even though Jack's monster sized prick made my average sized one puny in comparison.

"So after we send off the photos, then what?"

"We wait to see if we've been accepted. If we are, then we get another email giving us a time and place to be. We show up, a limo arrives to meet us, we're then blind-folded and taken to her home as I understand it."

"Holy shit!"

"Yeah, that's what I said!"

#

Nearly a month had gone by since Jack and I had submitted our photos to the anonymous email address. So far we hadn't heard a thing and I was beginning to think that it was either a poorly conceived practical joke on us, or that we'd actually been rejected.

I had heard the "ding" on my computer informing me that I had mail, I opened it and read:

"Be at David Letterman's star on the Hollywood walk of fame Friday night 8:00 sharp. You'll have a five minute window, don't be late."

I read the message again. "You've got to be kidding me!" I thought, just as the phone rang.

"Hello?"

"You just get what I got?" Jack asked.

"Yeah, what's up with that?" 

I heard Jack laughing. "That's the other thing Mark told me about, apparently whoever this woman is, she's appeared on his show a number of times, sort of has a thing for him as I understand it, whoever she is."

I realized after this, I'd have to start watching his show a hell of a lot more often.

"Well that sort of makes it a bit more interesting doesn't it?" I had to admit. "So...we're going?"

"Hell, why not?" Jack said.

There was an address where we could of course find Letterman's star, though I drove down at noon to make sure I knew exactly where it was. On Friday, Jack and I arrived fifteen minutes early, feeling a bit foolish as we stood there waiting for a limo to pull up along side us.

"This could still be someone's idea of a practical joke," I told Jack. "We could be on camera right now with someone laughing their asses off at a pair of idiots who actually believe they're soon going to be fucking some famous woman."

"Nah...I think this is legit," Jack stated smiling. "Here comes the limo now!"

#

He was right of course, I watched as the limo turned the corner, then pulled towards the curb stopping where we were standing, though no one got out to meet us or even acknowledge that we were even there. Jack was the bold one, finally reaching for and opening the door. I stood there watching. "Well? You coming with me?" He grinned. I quickly slid onto the seat beside him, closing the door.

The panel separating the driver's area from where we were was up. The lights stayed on for a moment longer, and then went off. Almost immediately after that the car pulled away from the curb and began moving again.

"Gentlemen? You'll find a pair of black masks located in the small box in front of you. When I tell you to put them on, please do so. Until then, you're invited to enjoy a drink from the fully stocked bar if you'd like. I'll now be darkening the windows so that you can no longer see where it is we're going, as well as locking the doors. If at any time you wish to leave the limo, please say so before our arrival and we'll return you back to where we picked you up. Any questions?"

"Ah...no," Jack answered for us both. "Thank you," though neither of us heard any further response.

"Well? What would you like to drink?" Jack asked grinning from ear to ear.

#

After about twenty minutes we heard the anonymous voice speak to us once again. "Please finish your drinks gentlemen, and then place your blindfolds on. We'll be arriving at our destination shortly. Once we have done so, remain seated. Someone will open the door and help you step out. You will then feel an additional head covering placed over you, you will be led from the car into the house and into an elevator. Once inside, both your head covers and masks will be removed. You'll be given further instructions then."

Jack and I quickly did as we were told. A few minutes after that we both felt the car slow, then the sound of some sort of security gate being opened. If I'd had any doubts or reservations up until now, they were gone. Whoever this mysterious woman was, she obviously did have a lot of money at the very least.

Seconds later the car pulled to a stop and I heard the sound of the front doors opening, then closing. Then someone opened our door, and I felt a hand on my arm. "If you'll step out please?" The gruff sounding voice asked. I soon heard Jack being helped from the car in much the same way as I had been, then felt it as someone placed some other type of head covering over my head effectively shutting out what little light there had been to begin with. We where then led up a short walk to a door, escorted in, where the sound of some sort of tile beneath my feet gave an echoing ring to what have must have been an enormous entry way. The next thing I heard was the sound of an elevator door opening. 

"Please step inside," we were told. "Once the door has closed, you may remove your masks, at that time you will also be given some last minute instructions. Please follow and obey them to the letter, or you could be bodily harmed!"

Personally, I wasn't too fond hearing that, but simultaneously, I also heard the elevator door closing, and quickly removed the head covering, and then the blindfold I'd been wearing. There was a box on a stand next to us, and Jack and I both dropped the coverings in there. Though we looked at one another waiting for our eyes to readjust to the light, we merely grinned saying nothing.

"Please be aware, you will be watched and monitored at all times. Should you make any effort whatsoever to learn the identity of your hostess, you will be immediately and bodily removed from the premises. Beyond that, you are invited and encouraged to enjoy yourselves in whatever manner or fashion that you desire, within reason, and along with whatever additional desires or requests that your hostess might ask of you."

At that point the elevator actually began to move up, stopping a few short floors later, finally opening. Much to our surprise, we were met by an older, kindly faced gentleman who was wearing a very typical butler's uniform. He stood holding a folded terry-cloth bathrobe for each of us, atop of which sat a pair of expandable slippers.

"Welcome gentlemen," he began handing us the bundles. "To your immediate right, you will find a dressing and shower area. Please wash yourselves thoroughly. You will find a place to put your clothing as well. Once you have finished washing and drying yourselves, place the bathrobes on and then follow the short hallway leading out of this room," which he then pointed towards. "At the end of that corridor you will see a set of double doors, knock, wait until you are invited to enter, and then do so."

Jack and I quickly headed off towards the showers at that point as the old guy stood watching us go before turning and heading away himself in another direction entirely.

"Wow, this is pretty strange," I stated nervously.

"Yeah, maybe so, but damn fucking exciting too!" Jack added which I found I had no disagreements with.

The bathroom, if you wanted to call it that, was nearly as spacious as the room we'd just come in from. There were several potted plants and ferns sitting about, giving the shower area a far less clinical type feel to it. The shower itself could have held a half dozen people comfortably with multiple shower heads encircling a stainless steel pole that stood in the middle of the area.

"Just like the showers we had in school," Jack reminded me. 

"A little, but they sure as hell didn't look or smell this nice," I reminded him back.

"No, they didn't did they?" he stated turning one of them on, then stepping into it.

As we'd been asked, we soaped ourselves, washing ourselves thoroughly, and then rinsing off. There was a stack of big fluffy white towels available for us to dry ourselves off with as well, which we quickly began doing. As we did, I couldn't help but notice that Jack was already beginning to sport an erection.

"Excited?" I asked unnecessarily.

"Hell yes! Aren't you?"

I was...but I wasn't, at least not physically yet at this point. I was still a bit too nervous to already be getting an erection, and now felt a little self conscious about that as good old smiling Jack slipped into his bathrobe, the front of which was already poking out with a fairly obscene bulge showing through it.

We quickly made our way down the hall we'd been directed to go to, stopping at the pair of large sized double doors. "You ready?" Jack asked enthusiastically.

All I did was nod my head. Then he knocked. There was a brief pause then we heard a woman's voice, though try as I might, it wasn't one I could recognize, perhaps due to the fact after we had entered, we stood there facing a very beautiful looking naked body of a woman with nothing on except a brown paper sack over her head with two eye-holes cut out, as well as a place for her mouth as represented by a pair of red lips appearing on it.

#

She could obviously see well enough due to the two perfectly cut eye-holes, but as I quickly gathered my wits about myself, I saw that beneath the sack, two very alluring eyes peered at me, each of which appeared to have been darkened considerably, distorting perhaps any additional recognition, even so...it was eerie, as though being looked at, at a distance rather than someone who was standing right here in front of me. Even as she spoke again, she was either good at disguising her own voice, or had some sort of sheath in her mouth or something helping her do it, though her words were clear and soft spoken, there was the sound of an accent that really wasn't an accent that I could put my finger on anyway.

"Come, let me feel your pricks!" She purred wantonly. 

Thankfully, standing there looking at her obvious nudity besides the absurd appearance of the brown paper bag, I had actually begun hardening. So it was that I didn't feel too embarrassed as Jack and I both quickly stepped towards her, though as I had already previously noticed, his prick was fully erect, fully extended, and already had managed to poke it's massive head out from beneath the robe he was wearing. She laughed upon seeing that, and her laughter sounded like a young woman's at first, then turning sultry like someone's considerably older than that. I knew then it would be utterly hopeless trying to figure out who the hell she really was that way. And besides, at this point, I truly didn't care any more either.

#

Jack and I stood to either side of her as she gently began fondling our erections, making mine harden even more rapidly than it had been doing thankfully. Seeming satisfied with that, our mystery woman then led us both over towards the enormously sized bed.

"I think I would like to fuck this first," she said giving Jack's prick a noticeable shake, "while sucking this one," she added now giving mine one. "So if you would please, lay down on your back so I can mount you."

Jack quickly did as he was told, and I stood by the side of the bed for a moment watching her as she then climbed onto the bed herself, though positioning her self facing away from Jack's head as she soon slithered onto his prick which she held within her hands, guiding it, then slowly easing herself down upon it.

"You have a very nice big cock!" she stated then, and her accent almost seemed to change once again entirely as she did so. "Not that yours isn't equally as nice," she said beckoning to me as she finished impaling herself. "Much easier and nicer for sucking though," she half laughed as she said it. "Now...give it to me."

Climbing onto the massive bed, I now stood near her head, or where her head should be at least, curious about the next part, and feeling slightly stupid about it as well. "Go ahead, put it through the hole," she told me. "Right through the nice full red lips."

I was about to get sucked off by a paper bag is how I looked at it, but regardless of how ridiculous this might have looked, and I'm sure that it probably did too, but the moment I had slipped my prick into the cut out mouth, I felt a real one wonderfully surround my stiff prick and begin sucking it.

"Fuck..." I moaned drawing the word out, which is what she, began doing to Jack's prick.

Glancing down as she sat atop Jack fucking him slowly, simultaneously with me fucking her face, I enjoyed the view of her gorgeous breasts as they bounced and jiggled excitedly below me. They certainly weren't large, though nicely proportioned for her shape and size, each tit nicely rounded and firm with the barest hint of each coming to a point, tipped with a lovely dark pink nipple that stood firm and erect, and to which Jack would occasionally reach forward around her and caress or rub with his fingers as she continued gyrating herself against him.

"Oh yeah, play with my tits, just like that," she urged, mouthing the words around my cock as she continued sucking it without losing a beat. She might have been wearing a sack over her head, but she managed to give one of the greatest blowjobs I've ever experienced too. And though I would have given my left nut to actually see who was doing it, I wasn't about to complain about it either.

"When and if you're ready sweetie," she told me, "you come on my face, and not in my mouth o.k.?" And you too sugar," she added referring to Jack. "You can come however many times you can manage, but always...always...always, on my face, never anywhere else."

"You mean...on the sack then," I thought, though I didn't say it aloud. Like everything else, that seemed a bit strange as well, but I wasn't about to argue, especially remembering that we were no doubt being watched and monitored at this very moment. If it weren't for the wonderful job her lips and tongue was currently doing, I might have wilted a bit just thinking about that, but as it was, she was far too talented in her lip service to allow that to happen, but she had also managed to set back and delay any pending orgasm I might have been considering too.

"Would you like to fuck my ass?" she asked me then "I love getting double fucked," she announced lustily.

"Sure...why not?" I responded. This would be a first for me in fact. Not something I had ever done before, so I really didn't know what to expect, nor did Jack for that matter as we'd once spoken how as big as he was, that was the one thing no woman had ever considered letting him do.

"You...stay right where you are," she informed him, and then spun slowly around still impaled on his prick without ever moving off of it. "Like that?" she laughed, and then began spinning herself around on him once again without waiting for an answer. She did another full circle, and then decided it was time for me to join in. Now facing Jack, she presented me with her cute little ass.

"Make sure I'm well lubed," she told me. "There's a bottle of KY on the night stand." Sure enough, there was, along with a whole bunch of other things, including some nipple clamps, which suddenly I wanted to see her wearing, a couple of interesting looking toys, and what turned out to be another odd looking stack of paper sacks, some of which were pretty small and certainly not big enough to go over her head. 

I didn't ask.

Applying a generous helping of the KY not only to her cute little starfish, but all over my prick as well, I then positioned myself on the bed behind her as she leaned over towards Jack presenting herself. I placed the tip of my cock at her puckered little ass and pressed forward, feeling the head start to penetrate that tight little opening, until with a sudden "pop" of a sort, I had slipped the head of my prick just inside.

"Nice..." she moaned softly. "Oh yeah, fill me nice and slowly now," she purred suggestively.

It truly was an interesting sensation for me too, as well as for Jack. As I moved ever so slowly within her, I could feel Jack's stiff hard cock anxiously waiting inside her between the thin walls that separated the two of us.

"Feel that baby?" She cooed. "Can you feel your friends prick sliding against your own as he fills me? You two enjoy having both of your hard fucking pricks inside my cunt and my ass?" She questioned once again.

"Oh yeah," Jack moaned as she once again began rotating her cunt forcefully against his cock, likewise doing the same to my prick while I sat buried to the hilt inside her ass.

"O.k., now fuck me...both of you, nice and slow, in and out until I tell you to do otherwise."

That was easy enough, and felt damn delicious, though I wish to hell I didn't keep hearing that crinkling of the paper sack on her head every time she turned around to look at me, nor that idiotic pair of red lips that were painted on the bag, slightly more open now in fact than they had been since I'd recently been skewering that very opening with my dick.
