 "Good morning Christy," Bryan Jensen said, as he set his briefcase down on the floor next to the receptionist's workstation. Without glancing her way, he began sorting through the stack of correspondence, phone messages and inter-office envelopes that were waiting for him.

"Good morning Mr. Jensen," Christy responded smiling at him, though he really wasn't looking at her. "Oh...I'm supposed to tell you, your conference call has been postponed until this afternoon at two," she added quickly.

Bryan did look up at her then, smiling. He dreaded the weekly conference call meetings with the corporate office. They were always long and boring. The good news was, with the meeting rescheduled for the afternoon, it would in all likelihood be much shorter. They always were, whenever they had to be rescheduled.

"That's good news," he said, winking at her. It certainly wasn't a flirtatious wink. Bryan had been and was very careful about that. His number one personal rule was he didn't date, fool around or get too friendly or personal with anyone he worked with. It was not to say that there wasn't a fair amount of office flirtation on occasion. He'd flirted himself, if you wanted to call it that, but it was generally innocent. Never anything that his co-workers could construe as being forward or worse, sexually harassing. At 51, Bryan was still in pretty good shape. It was something he was proud of, as he still looked a lot younger than many of the men his age that he worked with. He still had a full thick head of hair with only a touch of gray beginning to show at the temples. 

It was a damn good thing that no one could read his mind, however, or he really would be in trouble. He noticed Christy for the first time now, as he actually looked up at her, winking as he sometimes did. He saw she was wearing her long dark hair in a ponytail today, something he personally liked. It tended to give women a younger, innocent look that he found to be a major turn on. Besides the ponytail, Christy was also wearing a modest though alluringly cut blouse. Standing slightly off to one side from her, especially with Christy sitting down, Bryan had a nice, unobstructed view of her fairly large breasts. Not that she was wearing anything too low cut, especially for the office. Just the style of her blouse as it tended to push in on one side of the "V" cut, and puff out on the other. He just happened to be standing opposite the puff-out side, giving him a tantalizing view of her white, very lacy bra. Christy's smile widened even more, if that was possible, after he'd winked at her. Turning, he reached down to retrieve his briefcase, stealing one more quick view down her blouse, and nearly ran Rachel over.

"Oh, I'm sorry Rachel," he said. "I wasn't looking where I was going." She had dropped a handful of interoffice mail she'd been carrying. Bryan met her at knee level as they both quickly stooped to pick it up simultaneously. "No problem...Bry...uh, Mr. Jensen," she amended quickly. "As a matter of fact, there's an important looking letter in here for you someplace."

They both stood, Bryan handing Rachel his portion of the papers that had fallen, scattering all over the floor. "I need to hurry over to my office," he said. "When you find it, go ahead and bring it in to me." Without waiting for her response, Bryan turned and quickly headed down the hall without any further mishaps.

Rachel, who worked in the mailroom, made several interoffice drop-offs and pick-ups throughout the day. Bryan was fairly easy going and laid back for a quote "Office Manager". He hated the formalities, certainly hated having to wear a tie, which was one of the reasons he'd fought so hard for, and finally pushed through Friday's as being casual dress day. 

Rachel had been working for the company for a little over a year now. In that time, Bryan had gotten to know her on a much more informal level. He'd told her a long time ago to call him Bryan, which she did whenever they were alone, though continuing to call him Mr. Jensen whenever anyone else was around. He smiled as he reached his office, flipped on the light switch, dropping his briefcase down on top of his desk. Rachel was another one that tended to wear her long, light brown hair in a ponytail. He'd told her a while back how much he liked it whenever she'd worn it that way, and suddenly, she'd begun doing so nearly every day. He wondered briefly if it was because he'd mentioned that to her, or if it was simply the style she preferred especially working in the environment that she did. Admittedly, he was attracted to her; she really was cute, but easily half his age. And besides, he was engaged to be married..."again" he mused to himself, in a little less than six month's from now.

Though their relationship had remained professional, she was one of the few women he knew that he actually did flirt with, though remaining very careful about whatever it was he said to her when he did. She in turn, flirted back, sometimes bordering on the more explicit innuendos, which Bryan admittedly got quite a turn on out of hearing from her.

"Knock, knock." Rachel suddenly said, catching Bryan by surprise when she did.

Looking up, he saw her standing in his doorway. "Have you got a second?" she asked him.

"Sure kiddo," he said. "Come on in." Bryan had called Rachel "kiddo" for about as long as he'd known and been working with her. But again, only whenever they were out of earshot from any of the other employee's. "What's up?" He asked her.

"I lied to you earlier," she said, stepping into his office, closing the door behind her as she did. 

"This really must be serious!" Bryan said standing up. As often as Rachel had come by his office, she'd never once come in and closed the door behind her before.

"I needed an excuse to come see you," she began, leaning against the closed door. "I'm really going to miss hearing that," she added as an afterthought.

"Miss hearing what?" He questioned, obvious confusion and concern in his voice as he spoke.

Rachel laughed, came away from the door and walked over to stand directly in front of him. It would have been difficult sliding an envelope between them. Bryan was a good six inches taller than Rachel was, as such, she stood on tippy-toes, reached up placing both hands on either side of his face and kissed him, quickly...but kissing him all the same.

"Rachel?" Bryan said with more than a little surprise in his tone of voice. She stepped back, blushing. On top of the ponytail, blushing gave her even more of that sweet innocent look. Bryan saw something else too that had suddenly just appeared. Chalk it off to the cooler air in this section of the office for whatever reason perhaps, but looking at her now, he couldn't help but notice the twin hard little points that had suddenly appeared beneath the shirt she was wearing. Rachel was by no means chesty, far from it in fact. It was rare that he'd ever noticed her wearing a bra, unless it was a sports bra that she'd had to wear because of some outfit she'd chosen to wear that would not have allowed her to go bra less otherwise. The fact that her hard little nipples were so apparent now wasn't much different than many of the other women in this section of the office struggled with every day themselves. But now...added to everything else, Rachel was looking even sexier, sensual than she had been.

"I just wanted to let you know that I gave my two weeks notice starting tomorrow. I've found a new job paying twice what I've been making here."

Bryan knew it was pointless to try and convince her to stay, especially monetarily. Rachel also worked for an entirely different department from his, which gave him no sway whatsoever with her immediate supervisor.

"Damn...I'm happy for you, but sad to hear you'll be leaving," he told her honestly. "I hope they know what an excellent, hard working employee they're losing," he added.

Rachel blushed once again. Bryan felt his cock twitch inside his pants, immediately sitting down behind his desk before it became even more obvious.

"Well, I just wanted to tell you personally before you heard it from anyone else. And...I wanted to give you a personal thank you for everything you've done for me," she said, immediately reminding him again of her little kiss. Now it was his turn to blush, and he turned away from her.

"Fuck," he said, laughing to himself. When he turned back around to face her, there was a look of surprise on her face.

"I don't think I've ever heard you say that word before." Rachel said, a quirky amused expression showing on her face.

"What word?" He asked, honestly not knowing...suddenly realizing he had spoken it aloud instead of silently to himself.

"Fuck." Rachel said before he could respond back apologetically at her.

Bryan glanced past her; suddenly damn glad the door to his office was still closed. 

"Actually...I think it's a very sexy word." Rachel said, putting him off guard. "I always get a kick out of people who say it, then seem to freak out whenever they hear someone else saying it. Fuck.... Don't you think it's kind of sexy when you hear it?" she asked.

"Well yes, I guess. If it's the right time, and the right setting, which I don't think this would be considered," he said seriously, once again looking past her at the still closed door.

Rachel laughed, once again coming around his desk towards him. Bryan didn't dare stand up this time, but she was too quick for him to have done that anyway. Hugging him to her suddenly, he found himself at the "perfect" height, suddenly feeling one of her hard little nubbins of flesh grazing his cheek. Bryan had an insane notion suddenly. He wanted to stick his tongue out and caress that little point of cloth covered flesh. Fighting back the urge, he simply waited for her to release him, which she did a moment later.

"I really am going to miss you," she said.

"Hey...would you like it if I took you out to lunch or something?" He asked.

"Lunch? Or something?" she winked. Bryan didn't know what to say or how to respond to that one without making it worse, so he didn't.

"You know...you're not like most men. I know, cause I've heard them say things about me before when they thought I was too far away to hear them. You know, little comments about my hard nipples, or how they could see my cute pinkish little areolas through my shirts. Even though I knew damn well they couldn't, they liked talking to one another, telling each other that they had, or that they did. But I never once heard you ever say anything, either to me, or to anyone else for that matter."

Now Bryan felt stupid. And not entirely honest with her, especially sitting there sporting a full blown hardon at the moment.

"Listen Rachel, I'm no saint. I might not have said anything to you, or anyone else for that matter, but it doesn't mean I haven't thought about things." Just telling her that much had crossed over that imaginary line in the sand. Bryan sat there nervously wondering what she thought after having said it, wishing momentarily that he hadn't.

She was smiling however, actually grinning quite broadly in fact. "Me too. It's kinda nice to hear you say that. I've thought about, and fantasized all kinds of things," she suddenly admitted.

Bryan swallowed, felt his prick lurch inside his pants hungrily. "Listen...about lunch," he said trying to change the subject before this got even more out of hand than it was. "When would you like to go?"

"How about tomorrow?" she said.

"Sounds good...my afternoon's pretty open. What time, and where would you like to go? You pick the place."

Rachel stood there thinking for a moment. "How about 1:00? I'll meet you out in the parking lot, and maybe by then, I'll have decided where it is I want to go."

"Ok...sounds good." Bryan responded. Rachel turned, opening the door but stopped briefly before leaving. "By the way, you might want to sit there for a while," she said. "Especially with that little problem you developed. If you get up and walk out now, you might be a little embarrassed," she added.

Bryan wasn't just blushing, his face had turned crimson as he watched Rachel quickly disappear, thankfully closing the door after herself when she did. Free to allow himself to look down, he expected to find a bulge in his slacks, but when he did look down, he also saw a rather round, very obvious wet spot showing on the front of his beige slacks.

"Fuck me!" He said loud enough that had his door been open; his assistant would have most likely have heard him.

A moment later his phone rang. "Bryan Jensen," he answered as business like as he could muster. "May I help you?"

"Having a bad day?"

"Oh...Marsha!" Bryan said, trying to sound far less tense than he had. Then suddenly remembering his fiance was no doubt calling to remind him of their dinner party that evening. "No...not really. In fact, the good news is, I'll probably be getting off a little earlier today than I thought I would," he said, remembering the postponed conference call. He also realized that he probably had sounded angry, though of course he wasn't really, unless it was at himself for allowing himself to get as excited, and as aroused as he had.

"Oh...well, you sounded like maybe you were." Marsha said suspiciously. "I hope you won't be in a bad mood tonight, you know how important this is to me, I really do want you to meet Nick and Kathy. I really think you'll like them. And they'll like you too...as long as you're not in a pissy mood," she said flatly.

"Don't worry Marsha...." Bryan said, now getting a little pissy. "I'll be just fine."

"Uh huh...well, whatever...pick me up at seven though, ok?" she asked.

"Yeah...ok, seven. Listen honey, I really do need to get going here, or I won't be getting off early," he said changing his tone, making an effort to end their conversation on a good note. It seemed to work, as he could hear the difference in hers when she told him good-bye.

#

The evening went pretty much as he'd expected it to. He did like Marsha's friends, finding he really liked Marsha's best friends husband a great deal by the time the evening was over with. He and Nick seemed to have quite a bit in common together, venturing outside for a shared smoke, joking and teasing about some woman they saw walk past them on the side-walk with half her ass sticking out beneath the short-shorts she was wearing.

"Shit...wouldn't you love to jump in and grab a hold of that?" Nick had stated. Bryan hadn't responded back to him immediately however, he was too busy picturing Rachel's ass at the moment to have heard him clearly.

#

He found her just where she said she would be. It was 1:00; Rachel stood waiting for him by his car. Bryan was glad it was Friday for several reasons, the least of which was he was wearing a dark blue pair of Levi's for one thing, along with a light blue denim shirt. Surprisingly, so was Rachel. She immediately laughed, holding her hand up to her mouth when she saw him.

"What's so funny?" he asked, though he'd said it with an amused tone, rather than an accusing one.

"Oh...nothing really. I was just thinking about something," she said. "Have any problems after I left your office?"

Bryan knew where this was going; deciding to dodge that bullet before it even came close. "Well, where'd you like to go?" he asked her.

Rachel looked at him briefly for a moment. "Your place?"

"Rachel...I really don't think that would be such a good idea," he said.

"Ok...how about my place then?" Bryan looked at her, unsure of what to say at this point.

"Why? What have you got in mind?" he asked, now curious as to what it was she wanted to do.

"To be honest...I'm really not very hungry, but I would like to talk to you about a few things. Things that I couldn't before, before now...with me leaving and all."

Bryan lived far closer to their office than she did, so he quickly decided to take her there instead. They drove along in silence, however. Bryan beginning to wonder if Rachel was having a change of heart the closer they got to his place. Pulling into the garage, he closed the garage door before allowing either of them to get out.

"No sense giving the neighbors anything to think about," he said glibly. Rachel followed him inside without saying anything.

"Would you like something to drink?" he asked.

"Sure...have any beer?"

He didn't unfortunately; he did have some scotch, rum...even tequila, but decided against offering her any of those. Normally he would not have a drink during business hours unless he was entertaining a client, and even then he would only have one. Now however, more than a little bit nervous, he thought a glass of wine or two perhaps would settle his nerves.

"Sorry, I don't. Just wine, or a soft drink," he added hopefully.

"Wine would be fine then," she told him.

Bryan quickly poured them both a glass, handing one to her before sitting down on the sofa across from her. It was a fairly warm day outside, and as he was usually gone during the day, the air conditioning though running, was set at a much higher temperature than normal.

"Whew...it's pretty hot today," Rachel said taking a sip of her drink. "Do you mind if I take off my shirt?" she asked.

It was hot. "Getting hotter by the moment, in fact," Bryan thought to himself. "No...of course not, go right a head," he told her.

Rachel quickly unbuttoned her shirt, pulling it out of her Levi's as she did. Beneath it she'd worn the equivalent of a white tank top. Bra less of course, Bryan could easily see her perky small rounded breasts as they pressed against the thin material. Though the air conditioning was still far less than normal, it was enough however to soon spring life into her nipples, which stood firm, straining against the fabric. Bryan had to force his gaze away from them. When he did, he caught a brief, coquettish look from Rachel as his eyes met hers.

"So...what did you want to talk about?" he asked, dodging what he believed to be another bullet fired from that same gun. "I hope you're only using a six-shooter and not an automatic," he said flippantly.

"What?" Rachel asked confused.

"Never mind...private joke," he said, shaking his head.

She didn't press it, which he was suddenly very grateful for. Instead of sitting down across from him on the opposite couch however, she walked over, sitting down on the same one he was sitting on, though on the far side, still leaving a short distance between them. 

"Well, for one thing, I wanted to tell you that I was still a virgin," she began. Bryan stared at her...not only was he at a loss for words, he wasn't sure why Rachel was telling him this. "Had she just offered him her virginity or something?" he wondered.

"Ahh...is there a reason you wanted to tell me that?" he asked.

Rachel laughed, blushed slightly, then continued. "Well, probably not for the reason you're thinking," she said. "I'm not asking you to fuck me if that's what you're wondering. The point of my telling you that, was to tell you that I haven't yet met a man who I really wanted to do anything with, for one reason."

"And the other?" He asked.

"And the other...is because I really don't trust men all that much anyway...never have really. To me, they're pretty much all the same." Rachel polished off her wine, holding it up to him. "May I have another?"

Bryan stood, finished his own drink, carried the two empty glasses back into the kitchen, where he poured them both another one. Rachel followed him when he did.

"Anyway....the reason I wanted to tell you that, share that with you is because you're probably the very first man I've ever met who I felt like I really could trust," she finished finally. "Admittedly, I'm a little inexperienced when it comes to any real intimate relationships with men. Don't get me wrong, I'm certainly not a prude, and I don't think I'm really inhibited or anything like that. I have fantasies, just like everybody else. I just haven't acted on most of them, is all. So...since I'm telling you all this, might as well ask you while I've got the courage to do so. Do you have fantasies Bryan? Do you act...or just think of them like I do?"
