 KAREN RETURNS HOME

Karen and Walt had just finished one of their marathon fuck sessions and were lying in bed talking. Walt decided to tell her about Helen. At first Karen was pissed off but then she was curious and wanted to hear more. When Walt told her about Helen's first threesome and then the orgy in the hotel, Karen got excited and they fucked some more.

Karen told Walt that she thought she would like to experience two or three guys at once. Walt agreed to set it up with Jay and Ken. The next day the three guys fucked Karen senseless with all of them coming in Karen's mouth, pussy and asshole. It was a repeat of Helen's performance.

After Ken and Jay left, Walt decided to show the video of the nine guys with Helen. Karen went wild and pleaded with Walt to set that up for her as well. Several days later, Walt and Karen were at the same romantic interlude hotel with the same nine guys that ravished Helen. Karen was insatiable as she fucked and sucked these guys through numerous orgasms. She lost track of how many times she came but her last orgasm was so violent that she passed out.

When Karen awoke she was in bed with Walt and she was filled and covered with cum. Walt was stroking her body and massaging the excess cum into her skin. 

"You were terrific", Walt told her. 

"Want to see?" he asked. 

Karen's lifeless body nodded yes and Walt popped the video in. Karen couldn't believe herself, she looked like a porno queen sucking and fucking those guys. Walt lay on his side behind her and eased his cock into her well-lubed and well-fucked ass. He slowly fucked her and fondled her tits as they watched the tape and soon filled her ass with another generous load of his cum.

THE POOL PARTY

Walt had shared the sexual escapades with both Karen and Helen and they both got to see each other on video. At first it was awkward but then they got used to the idea of sharing Walt and even including the other guys from time to time. Both Karen and Helen were interested in getting as much cock as they could. Walt suggested a pool party with the same nine guys and Karen and Helen agreed enthusiastically. 

Fred was home from college so Walt decided to include him in the party and invited 2 bi-sexual guys as well to spice up the scene. Fred had no idea what was in store for him or what he would witness with his mother and sister. Fred could only think about getting Walt's cock in his mouth and his ass.

Helen and Karen were nervous about Fred being there but Walt assured them that Fred would have his own distraction and they need not worry. Walt introduced the bi-sexual guys to Fred and then left them alone in the back yard to check on the party's progress. At poolside things were heating up, Helen and Karen were in skimpy bikinis and the guys had them surrounded fondling their bodies. Helen and Karen had nine sets of hands all over their tits, ass, thighs and pussy mounds. 

Soon the bikini tops were off and bare tits were kissed and tweaked, the guys were all sporting hard cocks visible in their bathing suits. Next the bikini bottoms were untied and dropped to the ground and then the guys proceeded to finger Karen and Helen. Some of the guys lowered their bathing suits to their knees and Helen and Karen quickly grabbed a hard cock in each of their hands. The party was started and the sexual tension in the air was immense.

Walt went to check on Fred and the two bi-sexual guys, Jerry and Larry. He spotted them around back from the pool and they had obviously warmed up to one another. Fred was standing with Jerry and Larry on either side of him, he had his bathing suit down to his knees and he was sporting a hard cock. Jerry and Larry also had their bathing suits down to their knees and their erect cocks were in Fred's hands. Larry and Jerry were kissing Fred on each side of his neck as they squeezed each ass cheek with one hand and played with his nipple with the other. It was a pretty erotic sight and Walt knew before long that Fred would be on all fours with a cock in his ass and one in his mouth. 

Walt walked back to the poolside and saw that things had progressed with Karen and Helen. Both of them were on all fours being triple penetrated. Three guys stood by waiting for an open hole to fill. As soon as one guy came and vacated a mouth, asshole or pussy of either Helen or Karen another cock was ready to take its place. Karen and Helen were in for a long night of fucking and sucking and they could expect all of their holes to be overflowing with cum.

Walt went back to check on Fred and sure enough he was on all fours with Jerry's cock in his ass and Larry's cock in his mouth. Jerry and Larry came pretty quick and they were ready in no time for another round. 

Walt spoke up, "Hey Fred this would be a good time for your all time favorite position". 

Jerry and Larry looked confused until Fred explained the four-way he learned at camp. Jerry agreed to let Fred fuck him in the ass, while Fred sucked on Larry's cock and I fucked Fred in the ass.

"Holy shit, can you really take that in your ass", Larry asked as he and Jerry stared at my 9"cock. 

I smiled and said, "Just wait, he loves it". 

Jerry lay on his back with his legs up to his chest as Fred slid his cock into Jerry's lubed up asshole. I moved in behind Fred and fed all 9" into his well-lubed asshole. 

Fred gasped as my cock filled his hole. 

"Guys you really know that you have a cock in your ass when this one bottoms out", Fred exclaimed. 

Larry straddled Jerry's prone body and placed his cock in Fred's mouth, Jerry licked Larry's balls and asshole while Fred was sucking his cock. 

"Oh this is wild" said Larry. 

Fred was in ecstasy as his cock fucked Jerry's ass while his own ass was filled with Walt's cock and his mouth filled with Larry's cock. Fred thought to himself that it didn't get better than this. Fred erupted in Jerry's asshole with his first cum of the night as Larry sprayed the inside of Fred's mouth with his second orgasm and Walt fired a barrage of cum in Fred's asshole.

Fred then directed the action as he lay on his back so that Larry could fuck his ass. Jerry got behind Larry to fuck his ass and Walt straddled Fred and shoved his big dick in Larry's mouth. After they all had cum again they rotated positions so that Larry lay on his back and Jerry fucked his ass with Fred behind him fucking his ass and Walt feeding his cock to Jerry's mouth. After another round of orgasms, Walt suggested they check out the rest of the party and they all walked naked back toward the pool.

Both Karen and Helen had three cocks in them and were in ecstasy. Fred, Larry and Jerry couldn't believe their eyes. Then he looked at the other three guys stroking their erect cocks waiting for one of the girl's holes to open up. Cum was oozing out of Karen's and Helen's pussy and asshole and the air was filled with the odor of raw sex.

Walt told Fred kneel down next to his sister and mother. Then he told Larry to slide under Fred and for Fred to squat down on Larry's cock. Walt then directed Jerry to kneel behind Fred and to put his cock in Fred's ass along with Larry's cock. There was no hesitation and the two of them stuck their cocks in Fred's asshole. Fred had been stretched enough with Walt's cock that he was able to handle Jerry's and Larry's cocks at that the same time. Walt told one of the guys waiting for an open hole to grab the camera and video the orgy. Walt then offered his cock to Fred and Fred greedily sucked it into his mouth. Now the whole family was being triple-penetrated and filled with cock. The entire orgy was being video taped

For the next several hours Helen, Karen and Fred remained on all fours in a doggy position with each of their holes filled with cock. They were all dripping with cum from every hole. Even guys who were not bi-sexual fucked Fred and were sucked off by him. Larry and Jerry took turns jerking Fred off several times while he was fucking and sucking.

Walt was still horny when everyone left. In the house he had Karen, Helen and Fred get down on all fours and fucked each of them in their ass. 

Later they all showered and gathered in the Jacuzzi to ease their aching muscles and holes. Everyone was sexually satiated and totally relaxed. 

"God, I can't believe we really did this", said Karen. 

Walt laughed and replied, "Well we do have it on tape and we can verify it anytime". 

Helen remarked about how full of cum she was and Karen and Fred agreed that they too had never been filled up so much. 

"The one thing about youth it seems that they can cum for ever", Helen sighed.

"You know, there is no reason why you shouldn't fuck and suck as a family", Walt offered. 

"Fred even though you are gay, you can still be sucked off by Karen or Helen and fuck them in the ass. You don't have to eat or fuck pussy", Walt continued. 

Fred said that he didn't think that he could. But Walt persisted. 

"I bet that if my cock is in your ass or in your mouth that you could cum with either Karen or Helen blowing you. Or if I was ass fucking you that you could fuck their ass", Walt continued.

Walt said that he was going to take off but that they could think about that. The three of them were too tired and too confused to even think about anymore sex at this time and they all went to bed.