 The 'Back to Basics' series of stories is my way of getting back to better quality by going back to where I started: Ashley, Becca and myself. Recently, I burned myself out trying to write stories for specific people and I think my quality suffered for it. I will continue to write other things, but for now, it's Back to Basics.

---

I came home from work, only to find the house dark, even though I knew Ashley was home. Standing at the bottom of the stairs, I heard voices coming from the living room.

I moved that way, catching flickering lights through the doorway. I poked my head in and saw Ashley and her friends Mandy and Sarah. They were watching a movie and judging by the mood of the film, it was a mystery. They were all on the edge of their seats, so I waited for a break in the action to announce my presence.

"Girls night in, huh?" All three turned, Mandy jumping slightly. Ashley smiled and I leaned down and kissed her on the head. "What are you watching?"

Ashley hit pause on the DVD remote and leaned over and grabbed the box. "'Murder Most Fowle.' It's about a detective named Fowle and he's trying to solve a mystery that includes the death of a famous actress. They just introduced the last suspect. You want to watch with us?"

I shook my head. "No thanks. I can't stand being in the same room with this many beautiful women at once. Personally, I think these movies are a little too easy to figure out whodunit. Besides, I'm a little hungry, so I'm going to get something to eat. Anybody want anything?"

Mandy spoke up. "You mean aside from you, you big hunk of man?"

Everyone laughed, but Sarah laughed the hardest. It seemed to me to be nervous laughter on her part, while everyone else was natural. I mentally shrugged and headed for the kitchen.

I heard the girls talking about the movie and whom they think did it. I chuckled to myself and finished making my sandwich and a glass of orange juice and was preparing to head upstairs. When I turned, I found Ashley standing in the kitchen, a smile on her face. This did not look good.

"Okay, sport. You think you're so good at this movie thing, the girls and I have a proposition for you." That sparkle in her eye made me nervous.

"I'm listening but not agreeing to anything yet."

"Fair enough. Since you and your football buddies had a bet with Becca a couple of weeks ago and yes, she told me about it, we had something similar in mind."

"Okay. So far, you aren't telling me anything."

"Here's the bet and feel free to turn it down, since I wouldn't want you feeling like you have to do it. The bet is this: we all guess who killed the actress. If you lose, you have to perform oral sex on Mandy and Sarah."

I raised my eyebrow to my hairline. Other than Becca, Ashley had never been keen on me having any kind of sexual contact with another woman, let alone two friends of hers. I looked her in the eye, just to make sure she was serious. She was.

"Sure, baby. I mean, if you're okay with it, I'm okay with it too. You know I like doing that, but I have to say I'm surprised that you'd accept the bet."

She smirked. "I don't have anything on the line."

"Hold on. What do I get if I win?"

"Well," she said, running a finger over my collarbone, "If you win, then you get a double blowjob from Mandy and Sarah."

Again, I raised my eyebrow. "Hey. I won't argue with that. I'll be right there."

I grabbed my food and headed out for the living room, Ashley making room for me on the couch next to her. I put my stuff on the coffee table and looked at Ashley, who smiled.

"Okay, ladies," she said. "He's game. So, now we have to make our bets."

"Hold on," I interrupted. "Do I get a chance to see the setup?"

The girls held a conference and decided that in the interest of fair play, I would get to see the ten-minute setup but I would have to vote last.

They went to the other room and started watching while eating my sandwich. I was watching intently, stopping and reviewing to hear every line when from the other room I heard "But is he good at it?"

The answer was: "Are you kidding? He's fantastic!"

I felt myself blush slightly, but kept watching the movie. I called out to them when I was caught up and Ashley led them back in carrying slips of paper and a pencil. "Okay. We write down our guesses so that there's no lying, not that I think there will be. Everyone gets to see everyone else's guesses. Fair?"

Everyone agreed and Ashley got the paper and the pencil first. She tilted her head at me and smiled, scribbling down 'Maria Cortez - the understudy.' She handed Sarah the paper and pencil, a smirk on her pretty face.

Sarah looked at the paper for a moment and wrote down 'Bobby Callipari - The Mob Boss.' She chuckled and handed the stuff to Mandy. As Ashley and Sarah leaned together and started whispering, Mandy took the pencil and started moving it in and out of her pursed red lips, causing my penis to start to stiffen. With a smile, she wrote down 'Amy Rastlin - the boyfriend's mistress.' She looked me write in the eye. "Your turn, champ."

I looked at their choices and laughed out loud. "I can feel those warm wet mouths already." I quickly scribbled down 'Bobby MacTavish - the corrupt cop.' "Okay. Let's get this over with. I've got a stiffy going on." Mandy and Sarah asked me if I'd move their chairs together, just so they could be next to each other when then got their lickings. I laughed, but did it gladly.

Ashley shook her head and laughed, hitting 'Play' on the DVD player. We sat together on the couch, my arms around her shoulders. Mandy and Sarah sat next to each other, leaning over to whisper, eliciting quiet giggles.

The movie proceeded, the evidence placing blame on one person then another. At one point, the evidence said that the movie star killed herself. All of us said 'No way,' not believing it at all. Soon, things began to clear up and I sat forward, a grin on my face.

Mandy leaned over, her face close to mine. "Keep dreaming, big guy. That tongue is going to feel good on my wet pussy. I'm going to make you my bitch."

"Yeah, right," I responded. "My cock is already throbbing for that big mouth of yours." She smirked and leaned back.

The conclusion showed up, each of us leaning forward now, eager to see who won. The detective finally made the accusation: "Maria Cortez, you're under arrest for murder." I dropped my head into my hands.

Sarah and Ashley got up and started yelling and hugging while I stabbed the 'Off' button of the DVD player. I looked up and saw Mandy sitting there, her mouth twisted into a grin. I just shook my head.

"Come on, baby. Don't be a sore loser." Ashley ran her hand through my hair, tugging on it, which she knew I liked.

"Okay. Let's get this over with," I said, standing and walking over in front of Mandy.

"Oh no, big boy. Sarah gets to go first. I'm going to make you work for it." Sarah turned bright red, but offered no resistance as I kneeled in front of her. She mumbled something, turning her head away.

"What did you say, Sarah" I asked. "I couldn't hear you." I cupped my ear as she turned back toward me, her jaw set, her eyes defiant.

"I said that I've never had a man do...this for me before." She looked each one of us in the eye, my jaw dropped as I assume Ashley and Mandy's were too.

"Are...are you serious?" I couldn't believe what I had just heard.

"Yes. I've had three serious boyfriends since I started dating and none of them were willing to...to..."

"Give you some good hard clit licking?" This came from Mandy. I looked over my shoulder at here and shook my head.

Sarah looked on the verge of tears, whether from anger or embarrassment, I couldn't tell. "Sarah. Look at me," I said, trying to get her mind off of her situation. "Do you want me to go down on you?" She didn't say anything, but she shook her head yes. "Okay. Just sit back and relax and let me do all the work. All you have to do is tell me what you want, okay?" She nodded again.

"First thing is that you need to stand up so I can take your pants off." She stood up, not saying a word. I looked up at her from my knees, our eyes locked. I undid the button on her jeans and she wiggled her hips so that I could pull her pants down. She crossed her hands in front of her crotch, her bikini panties slightly wet already.

I took her hands and moved them to the side. I looked up at her and whispered to her that she was beautiful. She wiped a small tear from her eye and smiled. I pulled her bikinis down and leaned my face in to nuzzle her trimmed blonde pubic hair. She let out a small gasp and her hand instinctively went to my hair. I told her to sit back down and she did. I pulled her forward so that she was sitting close to the front of the chair, allowing me access to her.

I parted her legs with my hands and leaned into her, touching my tongue to her lips. She let out a cry as if I had shocked her but she relaxed into my tongue and I started slowly moving it up and down, purposefully keeping pressure away from her clitoris, her moaning slowly getting louder as my tongue moved. I reached the bottom of her slit and wiggled my tongue deep into her, making her groan loud, her hips coming up off of the chair slightly.

I moved up her lips, tonguing her quickly back and forth, making up and down and diagonal strokes through her wetness. She pulled on my hair, trying to move my mouth upwards to her sensitive bud. I moved my tongue faster and faster, all over her slit except for her clit.

She groaned again and tried moving her hips downward toward my tongue. Without warning, I attacked her clit, licking and sucking it into my mouth. Sarah cried out and bucked her hips toward my mouth, mashing my lip into my teeth. I could taste a small bit of blood mixed in with her juice, the sweetness mixing with the metallic tang.

I bit down on her clit lightly and she yelled out, her pussy exploding all over my tongue. I shoved my tongue into her as far as I could, moaning into her as my mouth caught her fluids. I licked up all I could, Sarah still crying out as her orgasm rocked her body.

Once she had regained control, she looked down at me, a small smile on her face. "You okay?" I asked. She nodded and murmured that she was fine. "Good," I answered, a grin on my face. "Because I'm just getting started."

"Hey! When is it my turn?" I turned and saw Ashley and Mandy sitting on the couch, both naked from the waist down and both masturbating furiously.

"You just said I had to go down on you. You didn't say anything about how long I went down on one woman. "

Mandy closed her eyes and nodded, her hand moving quickly on her clit again. I chuckled and turned back to Sarah, who was still trying to catch her breath. I leaned my head back down and began to slowly lick her again, this time concentrating on her nub. She grasped my hair again, pulling me into it. I reached up and pushed a finger into her folds, her eyes flying open and then closing, her throat releasing a growl as I moved my finger in and out of her, angling it upward to cross her g-spot.

I kept this up for several minutes, her pussy getting wetter and wetter with each passing moment. She was tugging on my hair harder and harder, pushing her pussy against my mouth. I suddenly felt her muscles clench around my fingers and she tried to bite down a scream, but it didn't work and she filled the air with her keening.

She screamed incoherently, her body shaking again as I kept up my ministrations. I heard Ashley cry out behind me, her hands doing for her what I was doing for Sarah. I slowed my motions as Sarah stopped shaking, her eyes rolling back in her head and her face bright pink. I pulled my finger out of her and licked it clean and wiped my mouth off with the back of my hand.

Sarah finally caught her breath and got her eyes focused again. She looked down at me and touched my face. "Thank you," she whispered. I just smiled in return. Before I could say anything, Mandy grabbed my hair and pulled me away from Sarah.

"Okay, stud. Ashley here tells us that you play the submissive sometimes." I looked toward Ashley, disbelieving that she would tell her friends that. "Hey, stallion, she's not the one you're submitting to now, you understand?" I nodded in her iron grip. "Good. Now listen to me, bitch. Take your damn clothes off. We want to see what kind of meat you're packing."

I reached down and pulled up on my shirt, tugging it over my head. I turned to toss it to the side and I saw Ashley mouth the word 'Sorry.' I winked at her and grinned, letting her know I was okay.

"Come on, bitch. We don't have all day." Mandy grabbed my hair again and pulled my head around to face the front. "Look, stud; you're still wearing clothes."

I nodded again and stood up, looking Mandy in the eye as I undid my pants and shoved them roughly down my legs. My boxers showed off the erection I had pretty well and I hooked my thumbs in them and jerked them down, my penis bobbing against my stomach. 

Mandy surveyed me like a piece of meat. She walked around me and smacked me on the ass, a loud crack ringing through the room. Sarah looked at Ashley and must have gotten some kind of signal because she didn't say anything. Mandy made her way around to my front side again and ran a finger up the length of my cock, a shiver running through me.

"Lay down on the floor, meat." I did, face up; watching as she completely removed her pants, no panties, and stood over my stomach. She pulled her shirt off, followed by her bra, her large breasts bouncing free. She ran a finger over her pussy lips, pushing the tip of her finger into herself slightly. "Is this what you want, meat? Do you want my pussy?"

I nodded my head, but apparently that wasn't good enough. "Say it, you little bitch! Tell the girls here how much you want my pussy!"

"I want it so bad! I can already taste it, I want it so bad! Please, let me have it!" I was totally getting into the role, knowing I could stop this any time I wanted. It was good to let someone else be in control.

"Better, meat." She spread her lips, showing me her pussy, slowly stroking a fingertip in and out. She knelt down over my face and held her pussy just out of licking range. I tried to raise my head, but she held it down with her hand twisted in my hair. "Say the magic word, bitch."

"Please, Mandy. Let me eat your pussy. I want to so much." I tried to raise my head again, but she still held it firm. "Please," I said, a whine entering my voice. "Please, let me lick it."

She let go of my hair and sat her wet pussy on my mouth, grinding her clit into my nose. I pushed my tongue into her and she moaned, putting more of her weight on my face. She leaned forward, her arms on either side of my head. She began rocking her hips forward and back, my tongue reaching deep inside her.

I latched my tongue onto her clit and sucked it into my mouth, nibbling on it. She grunted, her body jerking as I clamped my teeth onto her. I reached up and stuck my finger into her, moving it in and out quickly, stroking her, curling my finger just the right way to make her moan loudly. She shuddered as I bit her bud harder, grinding herself into my nose.

Mandy reached up and started pinching her nipples, first one then the other. I moved my free hand around her leg and pinched the unoccupied nipple, Mandy arching her back. I pushed my tongue into her as far as I could, grinding my front teeth into her clit. She cried out and gripped my hair, pulling my head into her slit, drenching me with her fluids.

She slumped forward onto her elbows, sweat covering her face. She grinned down at me, still trapped under her pussy. "You were right, Ash. He is good at this."

"I know. That's why I keep him around."

"I bet. This too, I imagine." She reached back and squeezed my cock and I groaned and arched my back, trying to push my rod through her hand. She laughed and released it. "I don't think so, meat."

She got off of my face and turned toward my cock. She leaned her head down and blew a stream of cool air on it, making it jump. I groaned again and she laughed again, moving away from my twitching shaft.

Mandy climbed onto my face again, this time facing my penis. "Eat me again, meat, and this time play with yourself. I want to see you work that rod."

I started licking her again, my face still wet from her last orgasm. I reached down and started stroking myself, my grip firmer than usual. I consciously slowed my pace and relaxed my grip. I wanted to last a while.

Mandy tucked her feet behind my head and leaned over, her hands on either side of my stomach. She was engrossed, watching me work my hand up and down. I pushed my tongue into her again, this time moving it slowly up and down her lips; I slipped my tongue out of her pussy and touched it to her anus, which caused a sharp intake of breath. She looked back at me over her shoulder and smiled.

I moved my tongue back to her lips and returned to the slow strokes, matching my tongue to my hand, up and down. I sped up my tongue slightly only to slow back down, causing Mandy to moan quietly. She reached a hand through her pubic hair and started to play with her clit, but I smacked her hand and said 'No' from underneath her. She looked at me again and this time, I smiled. She wanted to argue, but turned back around and instead, moved her hand to her nipples.

"Jerk it faster, meat! I want to see you cum all over yourself!" When I didn't speed up any, she smacked the side of my ass. Hard. When I still didn't speed up, she took a swing at my penis. I decided that discretion was the better part of valor and sped up, my balls starting to tighten. "That's it, bitch! Move that meat!"

Regardless of what I thought of her methods, Mandy was getting me hot. I could feel my load slowly starting to boil in my testes. As much as I wanted to hold back, I knew I'd never make it. I sped up my tongue strokes, moving side to side and some diagonal strokes, still not touching her where she wanted.

"Suck my clit, bitch! Suck it hard! Make me cum on your face!" She reached back and grabbed my hair, pulling my head up, my chin pushing into her clit, making her groan. I decided to hell with it and attacked her clit, taking it in my teeth and tugging it backwards, almost making her arms give out. I masturbated faster, my grip getting tighter again. Letting go of her clit, I grabbed it again and tugged on it again, Mandy almost giving out completely.

I felt hot breath on my cockhead as I jerked it, but Mandy wasn't near it, as she had leaned back onto my face. I could see Ashley out of the corner of my eye, so I knew it wasn't her. It had to be Sarah. I groaned into Mandy, the warm air hitting the sensitive ridge on my cock. I bucked slightly toward it, my load really starting to rise. I tried to say something, but I had too much pussy in my mouth, so I just let it go.

The first blast rocked my whole body as it released, landing on my stomach. I groaned again, the rest of my load following the rest onto my stomach. I let go of my cock and it fell, landing in a puddle of my own cum. I gasped when I felt a tongue licking around my cockhead, taking up all of my cum and then licking the head clean, swirling into my belly hair. I vaguely heard Sarah sigh as she swallowed my cum.

I concentrated on Mandy's clit, wrapping my arms around her thighs and pushing two fingers into her wetness, trying my utmost to bring her to her second orgasm. I sucked her clit hard, my fingers jamming into her slit. She rocked on my tongue, forward and back in time to the strokes of my tongue.

Finally, Mandy groaned loudly, her body shaking again, as she released for the second time all over my mouth and tongue. She collapsed onto my sticky belly and just lay there, catching her breath; small tremors making her body twitch as she recovered.
