 Helen stands in front of the full-length mirror admiring her new bikini as she replays the conversation she had with her husband via cell phone, "You'll never guess who I ran into...old high school buddy...should remember...gonna bring him by in a bit...wear something hot." She knows she looks sexy, especially with a little tan she's been working on all summer. She walks into the den to await their arrival. As she sits on the sofa it occurs to her that her husband never mentioned who the high school buddy was. She closes her eyes and takes a stab at who in common they may have known, which was hardly that many, except for...        

Loud slurping sounds are heard throughout the den as two thick cocks are being sampled at the same time. Moans escape her mouth as she fills it with both of them. In an instant her pussy and ass are simultaneously filled by both cocks which slide in and out of her like pistons in a racecar. Thick globs of cum decorate her beautiful mouth and chin.

Helen slips off the leather sofa looking around disoriented until she realizes she's in her house. "Wow! I must have fallen asleep." She says to no one in the house. She is a bit irritated from the heat and realizes that her body is covered in small beads of sweat. She stands up and pulls her top off and tosses it across the room. Taking a step towards the kitchen she discovers that she is extremely wet between her legs, stops and looks down.

Helen pulls her bikini bottoms between her shaved labia. "Oh my god!" she stammers out and slowly sits on the edge of the sofa. The fabric tugging against her swollen clit is making Helen horny again. She tugs at it a bit harder as she spreads her legs allowing the material deeper penetration between her wet labia and ass cheeks. Helen closes her eyes again when she hears a familiar sound but cannot place where she's heard it before. Then it dawns on her, it's the car's tires outside on the gravel traveling up the driveway. "Good, I'll have him fuck me before we start grill..." her voice trails off as she hears two doors slam shut followed by two men laughing! Remembering the phone call earlier she had with her husband, Helen stands up and quickly pulls her bikini bottoms down from between her labia as she hears the key unlock the door. She looks around desperately for her top and covers one tit just as the door opens!

Helen stands speechless looking at her husband as he enters first with his mouth open looking like he was about to call for her. He doesn't when he sees her and says, "Honey look whose here," and steps to the side so Helen can see his high school buddy. Helen's jaw drops as Tony asks, "You remember David don't you?" 

"Hi Helen, long time." David says with a small smile on his face.

Tony walks to his stunned wife and asks, "Now honey, how many times have I told you, we don't cover your titties with our hands. We cover them like this!"

Helen moans in absolute pleasure as her husband's mouth covers her tit like it's meant to be covered! His warm and wet tongue circling her nipple and areola as his full lips gently suck in the tiny mound of soft, milky-white flesh. "Oh damn!" Tony exclaims as he reluctantly pulls his mouth off his wife's gorgeous tit, "That gave me a fucking hard-on!" Grabbing her hand, he leads her to the sofa.

"Suck my cock baby." Tony says pulling his pants off and leaning back on the sofa. David shuts the door as Helen follows her husband to the sofa and lies on her side swallowing his hard cock. "Dave, check out how fucking wet her pussy is!"

David glides over to the sofa watching Helen suck Tony's dick. He sits down gently grabbing Helen's sexy leg raising and setting it on the headrest of sofa. Helen uses her index and middle finger to move her bikini bottoms to the side as well as part her moist labia; David slides his thick middle finger in easily. "Fuck!" he whispers out.

"Sure, go ahead." Tony moans out as Helen continues sucking him. 

"What?" David asks looking over to Tony as he continues sliding his finger in and out of Helen's moist cunt.

"Uhm, Dave?" Tony groans out, "Will you fuck my wife's pussy?"  

David leans on his side behind Helen and easily slides his fat cock inside her. Helen moans out hard and loud as David's fat dong fills her up like old times. Helen cannot believe her luck! Her husband who she's been in love with for so many years and her ex-lover from high school who was the first guy to fuck her, together in a hot sexual encounter! Not even in her recent dream did she ever imagine a hot threesome occurring like this. A bit hesitant at first, Helen is now enthralled and willing to give her body completely to these two gorgeous studs whose sole aim is to please her and themselves! David fucks her with slow, even strokes as she plays with her swollen clit.

Tony's cock is thickly coated with saliva and his pre-semen that has dribbled down to his heavy, cum-filled balls. He loves the way his wife sucks his cock and breathes out heavier. 

"Hey Tony," David asks as he slows his thrusting and buries his thick cock deep inside Ellen who continues to grind on it, "you think I can get some?"

"Sure thing Dave." Tony says with his hand on her tit squeezing and pulling on her hard nipples.

Tony slides his fat dong out of Helen's wet fuck hole and stands up. Still bobbing her head on her hubby's cock, Helen eyes Tony as he walks in front of them, his cock dripping wet from her pussy, Helen smiles to herself. Helen slows her head bobbing and slides back up on Tony's gleaming shaft until the head remains in her mouth. She sucks on it hard like he likes it to be sucked, he groans out deeper proof that she knows what she's doing! Helen lets his cock head slip out of her mouth and it lands with a wet thud against his abdomen. 

Tony grabs Helen's round ass as she straddles into position to get fucked. She easily slides down on his thick rod holding her own ass along with both of Tony's own hands. Tony moans as his cock slides easily in and out of her soaking wet pussy; his balls slap against her ass as he starts a quick rhythm.

David is standing on their sofa as Helen starts giving him head. Helen is sucking loudly on his cock; wet lapping sounds with her tongue, sucking hard on his head and letting it 'pop' out of her mouth. David reaches down and runs his fingers through Helen's hair to the back of her head. She knows exactly what he wants and obliges him by gobbling his cock all the way down! David moans out as he feels Helen's nose nuzzled up against his abdomen.

"I want to fuck you in the ass honey." Tony mumbles out. 

Helen's mouth slowly slides back up along David's dick until only the fat, bulbous head remains in her hungry mouth. She humps her husband a bit more, her round ass smacking loudly on her husband's thighs. 

"Fuck baby!" he moans and then Helen's hops off quickly as his cock quivers nearly cumming. 

Helen asks, "How do you want to do it?" 

"I want you to sit on me with my cock in your ass." Tony says stroking his wet cock.

Helen starts to straddle her husband when he stops her and motions for her to turn around. A quizzical look on Helen's face is erased when Tony says, "I like Dave, but I don't want his cock in my face when you give him head." 

Helen and David eye one another and burst out laughing. Helen slides on her hubby's cock and still has a small smile on her face from Tony's comment as David grabs the back of her head and guides his dick back in between her lips.

The erotic sounds of two hard cocks working Helen's mouth and ass resonate thorough out the house in between the lustful moans of the three lovers. Helen sits all the way down on her hubby's cock as he rubs her small breasts. Tony's cock fills her throat again.

"Hey baby," Tony asks breathlessly, "Why don't you show Dave that pussy he used to fuck back in high school?" he squeezes her tits.

Still gobbling away on David's cock, Helen slides her hand down between her legs to her sopping wet pussy. Using her thumb and index finger, she opens her labia exposing her pussy for David to see. He moans. 

"No, no baby," Tony says to her as she is filled with both of their cocks. "Let's give him a proper view!" Tony grips his wife's thighs firmly and spreads her legs open wide making it appear as if Helen is doing the splits while sitting on her husband's cock.

"Oh fuck Tony!" David groans out at seeing Helen's legs spread extremely wide. "Ya trying to make me blow my wad in you wife's mouth?"

"Dave?" Tony asks out of breath, "Why don't ya slide your cock in her pussy. Helen's always fantasized about a hot lil' DP action!"

David grabs the back of Helen's head again burying his cock deep inside her mouth and throat once more. He pulls it back forcefully and quickly steps down off the sofa. He grabs his wet cock and slides it inside Helen's pussy. Resting his hands on the headrest of the sofa he leans carefully over Helen and starts fucking her.

"Oh god!" Helen moans as both of her holes are completely filled by the two hard cocks. 

"Ya like that baby?" Tony asks still holding her legs open.

Helen moans her answer with a winded, "Mmhmm!"

Tony slides his hands off Helen's thighs and grabs onto her tits pinching and pulling her erect nipples. He breathlessly whispers into his wife's ear, "Kiss him, you know you want to!"

Helen reaches up and grabs the back of David's neck pulling his face close to hers. They open their mouths making out like a pair of horny teenagers. Helen wraps her legs around David's waist, her heels digging into his ass cheeks.

"I bet you missed him, didn't you baby?" Tony asks teasingly, knowing that naughty talk turns his wife on. "I bet you missed fucking him, don't you baby?" he is relentless and continues, "sucking his big, fat cock like you used to do in his car or as I heard once..." he pauses for effect, "gave him head in the boy's locker room?"

Helen pulls her mouth away and moans out, "Oh fuck!"

Tony and David bury their cocks deep inside her. Helen squirms in delight as she experiences a mild orgasm.

"Too bad he never got to fuck you in the ass!" Tony whispers out.

"You son-of-a-bitch!" Helen growls as she pushes David off of her and slides up and off her husband's cock. Turning around she leans forward and kisses him deeply. "Watch this," she says with an evil little grin and wink.

Helen mounts the sofa on her knees, facing the armrest with her forearms on it. Looking at David with her grin she says, "Come her lover and sample this ass that you never had back in high school!"

"Honey?" Tony pleads mockingly, "I was only kidding. Please don't let Dave fuck you in the ass."

Helen ignores her hubby's antics and using her finger she motions to David towards her. "Come on baby," Helen coos at David, "don't be shy and come fuck me in my ass!"

David stares at Helen on all fours as he spots Tony out of the corner of his eye who is smiling and nodding his head towards his wife as if to signal him to fuck her. David steps towards Helen and kneels on the sofa behind her sliding his cock into her ass.

"Oh yeah baby, that's it." Helen moans out, "Fuck me good like you should have done in high school!"

David merely grunts and groans as he starts fucking her.

Helen continues, "Oh god yeah!" leaning her head on the armrest she chants, "fuck me!"

Tony stands and walks to the armrest where his wife is moaning and mumbling out as David's meat continues sliding in and out of her ass. "Ya know honey?" Tony asks, "Ya got a big mouth."

"Oh! Fuck me David!" Helen ignores her hubby a bit and then, "What are you going to do about it baby?"

Tony smoothly slides his hand through her hair then grabs a handful and lifts her head up. Using his other hand he points his hard cock towards her already opened mouth and stuffs his cock in it.

"Mmpff." Helen replies.

David is pumping Helen's ass with long, deep strokes. He watches as she lovingly gobbles down her husband's big cock with his fingers still entwined in her hair. He slides his hands down to her waist fucking her harder now, knowing he is ready to explode deep into her ass. Squeezing his eyes tightly he grunts out, "I'm cumming!"

Helen easily slides both hands behind her and grabs her ass cheeks. She pulls them apart as David's reaches down and yanks his fat cock out, her ass gaping he strokes and shoots a hot, thick glob onto her back. A second stream of cum shoots from deep within his balls and lands heavily in between her ass cheeks and dribbles into her gaping butt hole. 

"Goddamn!" David cries out slowing his strokes.

Watching David cum hard Tony knows he is ready to erupt himself. Holding onto the back of his wife's head he starts to face fuck her even harder. The moans emanating from his wife's cock-filled mouth take him over the edge and he unleashes a huge glob of cum that fills her mouth and throat immediately. Helen bobs all the way down on Tony's cock just as it unleashes another stream of hot, thick cum. His thick cock twitches inside her throat; his fingers start to slide from of her hair.

David is leaning over Helen kissing her back, his flaccid but thick cock rubbing slowly against her pussy. Tony and Helen are exchanging small kisses as he softly rubs her tits and she his saliva, cum covered cock.

Whispering between the small kisses she tells her husband, "Thank you."