 Buddy and His Buddy Fuck My Wife!

Well, things never started with me in the closet watching like most. I watched from the outside of my buddy's house.

My story starts with me out of town for work and returning earlier than expected. I was driving through a nearby town when a million-to-one thing happened. While stopped at an intersection, I looked over and saw Tracy entering a club with a (male) friend of ours and yet another guy. She wasn't expecting me home for two more days, but I'd had the idea of surprising her. As it turned out, the surprise was on me!

I turned around and parked and headed into the club. This is a fairly hot spot, and a good crowd provided cover for me. Once inside, I spotted them in the back, where it wasn't too packed. I moved to the side bar, where I had a good view of their table.

The action picked up, and I guessed that my wife already had several drinks under her belt. She got up to dance with Steve—that's our friend—which is when I noticed how sexy she had dressed. She was wearing a tight green summer sweater that showed plenty of skin, as well as her huge tits, along with a loose red skirt that was a little shorter than her norm.

Tracy and Steve danced to a couple of fast songs, which gave her a chance to shake her ass and show lots of leg. I even got a glimpse of green satin panties. Now I know she wears these particular panties when she's feeling kinky! Finally a slow song played, and I sat there and watched her and Steve start rubbing their bodies against each other.

I had no problem with Steve feeling her up and fucking her, he must had fucked her at least a dozen times by now, but that was when I realized that Steve was probably trying to get her worked up enough so as to his friend getting in on the action. Steve ran his hands down Tracy's side to her ass. I just stared as he felt her up and she let him. She pushed her mound against his obvious hard-on. If it had been anyone else, I would have told him or her to get a room! This went on for two more songs before they sat back down.

My view let me see Steve's hand under Tracy's skirt. You could tell she was getting worked up. She was drinking twice as much as normal, and twice as fast. They got up to dance to some more slow songs, but this time he didn't stop at her skirt, he went under it. The floor was full and dark, so you had to really look to see what was going on. He actually put his hand under her skirt and slipped his finger inside her panties.

This was not my wife of five years!

When the music speeded up, they sat down and started all over again. The foreplay was damn heavy by now. Steve was kissing Tracy and running his hand up her leg. It didn't take long before she had her legs spread and he had her skirt pushed up and was fingering her. The other guy just watched as Tracy went from kissing Steve to watching their friend.

The next set of slow songs started, and Tracy got up and headed to the dance floor, this time followed by the other guy. You could tell she was wasted. By now I was pretty sure I didn't know the other guy. Out on the dance floor, he started out slow, resting his hands right on her ass. She quickly moved them up, but they drifted right back down again. This went on through the whole first song, and when the next song started, it started all over again.

She finally gave in and let him rub her ass and pull her close. He fondled her ass and hips for three songs before they sat down. Back at the table, the two guys both ran their hands over Tracy's legs. They were running their hands up her thighs at the same time! I couldn't tell if she was too drunk to say anything or she was just enjoying it. Before long the guys were taking turns rubbing her pussy—and fingering her, I assumed.

A waitress came over to check on me and saw me staring. She said someone had better get that girl out of here before she comes right there for everyone to see. The threesome must have sensed it was time to leave. They all downed another drink and then headed out. We had been there for two hours.

I followed to see where they were going. After a few miles I knew where they going, so I lay back and arrived at Steve's house a few minutes after they did. I went around to the back window and peeked in. Steve and Tracy were sitting huddled up on the couch watching TV along with the other guy. The petting was heavy, and she was ready. They finally got up and went toward Steve's bedroom.

I moved down to the next window to watch. I couldn't believe how wild and exciting this was to watch! Even my dick was drooling to see Tracy get fucked.

Steve kissed her, and then started stripping her down to her panties, all the while easing her toward the bed. She spread her legs and showed a wet spot on her panties. She rubbed her mound as he lay beside her. They kissed and fondled each other until he slid down to her pussy. He kissed and licked her through her panties till it appeared she was begging him to take them off.

He pulled them off, revealing swollen red cunt lips. He started to strip then, and she helped him. Then they slid back on the bed. She went down on him and took him slowly. He watched as she took his dick in her mouth. She was working hard, and he seemed to be really enjoying her efforts.

Tracy's ass was up in the air, giving me a good view, and Steve had left his window open just a little, which let me hear every slurp. I heard him say, "Go on," and realized at the same time as Tracy that the other guy was also in the room now—right behind her, and naked. She seemed to be saying something about this, but Steve waved his big hard-on at her, and she seemed unable to resist dropping to her knees and swallowing it.

Steve started screwing her face really hard. I had a pretty good view of Tracy's face now, and as much as she was enjoying gulping down Steve's cock, she positively beamed with lust when the other guy entered her from behind in one quick move. He was a little bigger than Steve, or myself and must have been pretty big in the cock department, because Tracy gasped as she felt the size of him.

He screwed her with long, sensuous strokes, and she grunted each time he pushed his big dick in her. Meanwhile Steve let out a yell, pulled his cock from Tracy's mouth, and shot four or five streams of cum all over face. This got the other fellow going, and Steve called out, "Give it to her good, Rich."

Watching my wife on her hands and knees with her face covered in cum, and getting fucked from behind had my cock rock hard.

Rich did just that. He pumped fast and hard till he finally pulled out and coated her entire back. At that moment I think even I came in my pants from just watching. God, she looked so sexy lying there all covered in lust.

After they rested awhile, Steve and Rich traded places. My wife was being a total slut now; sucking a stranger at the same time she fucked a friend of ours. After a while Steve pulled out, went to his bedside table and pulled out a huge black vibrating dildo. Tracy looked on in fascination. As Steve eased the giant dildo in her, she seemed almost unaware of the flesh torpedo Rich kept on pumping in and out of her mouth.

Being plugged at both ends at warp speed by that pair of super cocks, one real and one man made, had my wife on the edge of orgasm. She was being stretched farther than I thought possible. She likes for me to play with her and watch as I do it, so I knew this had to be turning her on even more. The look on her face said, "Do whatever you want."

By the time Rich filled Terry's mouth with his load, she had started coming, so violently that she almost passed out. I thought this would be the end of the show—or, rather, I needed it to be the end. My dick was to the point where merely unzipping could cause me to come again. But Steve had a different plan.

He left the room and returned with a camera, a razor and shaving cream. First he said something to Rich, who proceeded to stick his semi hard cock back into her mouth and resume using her mouth as if it was a fuck toy. Apparently, exhausted as she was, she nevertheless let him do as he wished. Steve started taking pictures of the blowjob that Rich was getting from my wife's mouth, then turned her around and started fucking her pussy. Steve never missed a second, and when Rich finished cumming in Tracy's cunt, he even got in close to take some photo's of the cum leaking out. 

Then Rich and Steve traded places taking the exact same type of photos as Steve had. She may have been drunk, but she put on a hell of a show.

Next Steve wanted to shave Tracy's pussy. She just lay there with her eyes shut, half asleep. Rich asked Steve why he was doing this. He said he wanted Tracy to think of him the next time she fucked her husband. As he applied shaving cream and then used the razor, Rich snapped away with the camera. While this went on, the guys talked about what a slut Tracy was. Steve said he had fucked her before, and she was coming with him on a trip he had set up. Now, I knew she was going on a horse-riding trip with Steve, but now I was wondering if there would be more things to come. Rich even thanked Steve numerous times for setting him up with her and that he would never doubt him again.

This was it for me. I left and spent the night in a motel. The following day I "got home" about noon, still a day earlier than expected. Tracy was in the shower, and was surprised to see me when she stepped out. She composed herself, and we talked about my trip. My mind was on the night before, but I kept it to myself.

Finally I said I had to have her. We headed for bed, and I was in her in a matter of seconds. She was still stretched from the night before, and seemed to be quite sensitive. I asked her about the shaved pussy, and she said it was a surprise for me from Steve. Boy, was she right! (She couldn't have guessed just how right.) It didn't take long for me to lose my load. I however was still hard and continued on for sloppy seconds. I really drilled her hole hard this time as she told me about her fuck session with Steve and his friend. When I came the second time, I just kept cuming, and cuming, and cuming. I must have dumped a gallon or more of sperm into her pussy. I think she was glad when I said that was it for me.

The next few weeks were normal, except for me being a horny SOB. The time of Tracy's trip was coming, and she said she wasn't going. Then one day we ran into Steve. I watched them talking in the corner of the store we were in. Later Tracy told me that Steve had talked her into going on the trip after all and that he had a few big surprises for her. Ya! I wonder what kind of surprises was all I said to her.

The night before she was to leave, I shaved her pussy. I told her to tell Steve that I was just returning the favor. I think Tracy was even excited.

My final contribution was to give her our video camera along with two blank tapes. I said that if she got some footage of the place, I might like it and go along next time.

To finish this letter, I will say that when she returned, she had the best set of tapes for me to watch. The scenery featured Tracy and Steve, along with three other guys, all naked, fucking the shit out of her in the open grassy fields. Oh! I almost forget to mention, that she returned with a freshly shaved crotch! 

P.S. I never did tell her at the time that I had watched the three of them.