 It was weird. I used to hate those women who were always checking themselves in the mirror; inspecting their hair; reviewing their make-up; examining their curves and cleavage. Get the fuck over yourself, I'd think. But on the day after we got back from vacation I found myself doing the exactly same thing. Well, not exactly the same thing. I was worse. I had opened the closet door where Rick had mounted a full length mirror so that it faced the big mirror by the sink. Then I'd stripped down to my birthday suit and stood between them, studying my bod from front and back. Holy shit I looked good; my skin radiated the rich, deep, copper splendor of the best tan I'd ever had, my usually blandly brown hair was alive with natural sunny highlights and my body was firm and tight from a week of dancing, swimming and fucking.

It was a weird sensation, feeling good about my appearance. I'd been such a frumpy dork as a teenager. All through school I had awful braces, ugly glasses, bad skin, lank hair and a wardrobe of oversized hand-me-down sweaters and thrift store skirts my obsessively thrifty mother foisted on me. I had gotten my act together since then, but that kind of self doubt puts down deep roots. Rick was always pushing me to wear skimpier, slinkier outfits when we went out, but I just didn't feel comfortable in that slutty shit. So you can imagine the fit I threw when I found out he had booked us in a "clothing optional" resort in Mexico for our vacation.

Oh it was bad. Especially since I didn't discover his little trick until we were being shown to our room. I demanded we leave immediately, but we were already checked in so I agreed to stay one day. Then that afternoon we were lounging by the salt water pool and I saw a fat couple lolling around in the buff so I worked up my courage and took off my top. Rick kept bringing me daiquiris and my mood kept improving. Pretty soon I was hanging out bare ass naked. Me!

It got really weird when this Canadian lawyer swam up and started hitting on me. I was flattered, he was pretty handsome, but I turned him away of course. When I looked around to see where the hell Rick was, I saw him lurking by the bar: watching. He immediately brought me back to the room for some energetic, and very imaginative, lovemaking. As we lay holding each other afterwards Rick admitted he gets really turned on when other guys ogle me.

Now don't get the impression that Rick is some cuckold-wannabe. He's a big, manly, good-ole-boy who runs his dad's successful custom glass and mirror company. But for some reason he just likes it when guys check me out. So, I spent the entire vacation undressed or barely dressed as I strutted around and flirted while Rick hung back and got hornier and hornier. We'd fuck two or three times a day and I got to feeling like quite a hot piece of ass.

And you know what? If felt frickin' awesome.

So there I was, back at home, between those two mirrors, checking out my body. I was lifting my boobs up to check if my tan extended to the girls' under-crease when Rick walked in.

"Oh, that's what a man likes to see when he comes home from work," he said.

"Hey studly," I said with a big smile as I struck a centerfold pose. "How was your first day back?"

"It sucked," he said glumly as he came over to take me in his big powerful hands and lean in to kiss me. 

"You should've taken an extra rest day like I did."

"They knew I was back in town. They'd have been calling me all day anyway."

"Why, was the place a smoking ruin when you got back?"

"Not quite. We had an emergency with a weird custom job. You know that place on the east side of town called Swankies?"

"What, the nudie bar everyone calls Skankies?"

"Yeah. They had ordered a big box made of two way mirrors with the mirror surfaces facing in, but Murray, the stupid fuck, build it wrong way out. So they had to rebuild it over the weekend and we were late with the order. I had to go out there to smooth things over."

"My poor studly, he had to go to a strip club for work today," I said with more than a little sarcasm.

"Hey, the Monday afternoon talent isn't exactly the cream of womanhood. I feel like my eyes got crabs looking at that bunch."

I laughed, but a detail of his story was bugging me. "Why would they need a two way mirror box with the mirrors facing in?"

"'Cause the guys can see in and from the outside it looks like there are a zillion girls dancing. But it's real freaky from the inside. I got in there to test the joins and it's like being in a huge room full of your own duplicates." He looked at the two mirrors facing each other in the bathroom, displaying a lined up army of me-clones. "Like with these two mirrors, but closer and on all four sides."

"Wow," I said, thinking it over. "So the girl in there wouldn't see the audience I guess."

"Nope, just herself; lots and lots of herself."

The idea of dancing nude in a small box among a sea of my own duplicates while being watched by men I couldn't see caught in my brain like a barb. It would certainly make it easier to do something like that if you couldn't see the perverts leering at you and you knew they couldn't lurch up and touch you.

"Hey, doesn't Swankies have an amateur night?" I asked.

"Yeah, their sign said every Monday nigh..." Rick's mouth dropped open as I stood grinning at him.

***

So there we were, in the parking lot of Swankies. We'd decided to go after ten so there would be a bigger crowd. The anticipation had been driving Rick nuts. Rick kept asking me if I was sure I wanted to do this in a tone of voice that left no doubt that he hoped I was. I confirmed I was still willing, but I was feeling really nervous. Swankies is in an iffy part of town and the clientele I saw entering the place was noticeably rough looking and "ethnic", if you know what I mean. I was glad I had a big guy like Rick with me. 

"You seem nervous," he said.

"Of course I am. It wouldn't be a thrill if I wasn't."

"I got something that might help that," he said and pulled a joint out of his shirt pocket.

I'm not as fond of weed as Rick and his buddies, but I like it for special occasions and I certainly considered this occasion more special than most. We smoked it down to a uselessly tiny roach and unsteadily pulled ourselves from the acrid fog of the car. As we moved in slow motion towards the entrance I felt distinctly groovy and light headed.

Swankies was a cool place to be stoned. Neon lights, strobes, mirrors and loud, loud music flooded through me. I looked at the stage but didn't see the mirror box. I briefly wondered if the alleged box was one of Rick's tricks to get me there to strip; like his little nudist resort stunt. But I just laughed at the thought, mostly because I was so frickin' high.

Rick guided me to the bar and started talking to the bartender but I didn't hear, or care about, a thing he said. I was watching some Latina chick with a big ass, droopy tits and a collection of homemade tattoos strutting around on runway to an extra base-heavy version of "Poker Face". When I looked down at the crowd I saw a lot of guys looking at me hopefully.

A slick looking white guy in a shiny suit came out spoke to Rick for a bit before escorting us through the crowd to a hallway in back. A neon sign said "VIP Rooms". He showed us into a largish room where only the base track from the music out front penetrated. The room was dimly lit, painted red and floored in scuffed and faded red linoleum. There were a few chairs scattered about but on one side of the room stood a glass box; seven feet tall and a yard square at the base. It was dark, like a monolith.

"So your girl wants to do the Infinite Glory huh?" he asked with a leer.

"Wow, Infinite Glory?" I asked, laughing like a stupid stoner chick. "Coool."

"We've discovered a… um, exhibitionist streak in our relationship," said Rick.

"Gettin' hard core, huh?" said the manager gesturing towards the box. "But I don't judge. Just get her in there and I'll announce that we're having a special show." Then he left.

"This is gonna be awesome," I said with a spacey giggle.

"So you're still into it?" Rick asked.

"Heck yeah. How do I get in there?"

Rick showed me how the back opened and how the colored neon lights mounted into the corners worked. It blew my mind. Standing in there with a multitude of me stretching off in every direction lit in yellow, pink, purple and blue, I felt like I was in a crazy dream. I tried dancing, but it was a little tight for anything more than just wiggling in place. 

"Hey, what are these things?" I asked, indicating three clear Lucite knobs inside the box. They were attached to the inner mirror surfaces on either side of the door as well as on the door itself. They were about three feet off the ground and attached at the center to three inch circular plugs of mirror mounted to their panel in clear plastic flanges.

"I don't know," said Rick. "I know they pull out. I think they must be for ventilation or something."

"Oh, I have such a smart, studly man," I said throwing myself at him and kissing him deeply. I felt his hard-on already uncoiling in his jeans. We made out for a while. We probably would have ended up having sex right there if the manager didn't come back in.

"OK love-birds, break it up, it's show time. Get in there honey and I'll let the guys in." He was rushing me like he was worried I'd change my mind.

I felt my knees go weak. I thought, Holy shit, I'm actually doing this as I climbed inside.

"Hey, sweetie: ain't room in that thing to strip. Just take your clothes off now," said the manager. 

I looked at Rick who had that goggle-eyed, horny look I'd gotten to know so well in Mexico. Taking that as his final acquiescence I pulled off my tight yellow dress and shed my bra and panties as they both watched. Winking once at Rick, I climbed into the box.

The manager poked his head inside just before shutting the door. "Just dance around in there until you get good and hot. When you're ready just open the holes there and get to work," he said before closing the door and turning off the lights.

Perhaps it was because I was stoned; perhaps it was because I was nervous and horny; but It didn't occur to me that the box had an odd ventilation system. Nor did it occur to me what he meant by "get to work" after I had opened the vents. I didn't really have time to consider it because within a few seconds the neon lights came on and began flashing through blue, pink, purple and yellow while music started up and flooded the box with pulsing, thumping sound. 

I started dancing.

As I said, there wasn't a whole lot of room in there so I didn't really dance so much as writhe around in time to the music. I twisted and stretched, ran my hands all over my body, pushed my tits and ass up against the glass and even played with my pussy and boobs a little. All the while I watched a multitude of me reflected off into the four corners of infinity; looking sexy and awesome in the shifting colors of the pulsating neon lights. I almost wished I could see the guys out there looking in and lusting over me so I could get confirmation I was looking as hot as I thought I did.

And speaking of hot, it got really hot in there really quickly as I danced around in that confined space. Soon my skin was covered with a gloss of sweat that started to run down my body and soak my hair. When the second song ended, I decided it was time to get some fresh air so I reached behind me, took hold of the little Lucite knob in the door panel and popped out the circular piece of mirror. I thought I heard a noise over the start of the next song but I ignored it as I popped the other two circular plugs out of the holes in the side panels. I was certain I heard a noise then; like a cheer or something.

These guys must really be into proper ventilation, I thought to myself.

So, I started dancing again. Since I was so wet with sweat I thought it would look awesome to my anonymous audience if I slapped my tits against the front of the booth and slid them down the glass. I was pushing back from this move when I ran right into a dick. It was poking through the hole in the back and aimed right at my pussy. It actually slipped in a little before I jumped up in surprise and looked down at my ventilation holes. Plump, veiny cocks were sprouting from each one. Those weren't ventilation holes, they were gloryholes.

Have you ever not gotten a really obvious joke and then feel stupid when the punch line belatedly makes sense to you? That's how I felt when the phrase "Infinite Glory" suddenly popped into my head as I looked down at those proud penises reflected over and over and over in the collection of parallel mirrors. I turned around to stare into the front panel of the box as if the power of my glare could melt through and set Rick on fire. Damn it Rick, I thought. This is going way too fucking far! He had tricked me again.

I turned back towards the door panel but those pricks were still there pointing at me; two black, one white. They sure looked eager; so hard; so enticing. I was pissed at Rick for popping this crap on me unexpectedly, but… If this kind of thing turned him on… Well, I couldn't deny being curious. Besides, I was so fucking horny and that big, dusky center dick was so long, thick and tempting. I mean, it was what Rick wanted, right? 

I turned around and pushed my ass towards the big ebony shaft. I felt it slip up along the wet crease of my pussy so I reached under and pushed it back towards my vag. Good God, it was fat. I felt my lips get split wide and my insides get stretched tight as it pushed into me. I slid by ass back until I couldn't take any more cock and it started working in and out, fucking me deep. I reached to each side and started stroking the other two cocks. When I looked at myself in the front mirror I saw a sweaty, wild eyed slut with disembodied cocks in both hands. When I turned towards the side I saw the same slut with a big black dick fucking her from behind, seemingly from out of nowhere. That's when I came; the first time anyway.

I started "dancing" again; moving back and forth on that monster prick as I ran my fingers along the underside of the other two in time with the music. My left hand popped the first one off pretty quick and long streamers of cum shot out to splat onto my feet. It felt hot and slick. Soon after that, the huge shaft inside me began to pump and I settled back onto it to let it fill me. When it withdrew I turned around to show off my stretched out, gaping pussy to the front panel as gooey torrents of white slime flowed from my hole to run down my thighs and drip to the floor in long strands. Watching in the mirrors, I felt my lust jump to near feral intensity. Looking down I saw all of the glory holes were full again. I sank to my knees and eagerly got to work.

It wasn't hard managing three gloryholes at once. I'd suck one and jerk two, making sure to cycle around so everyone got some mouth time. Some tasted nasty, some were fresh, some where cut, some where not; but I was in such a state of heat that I eagerly took them all. I could tell when one was about to shoot because slick, slimy flows of glossy pre-cum would squeeze out onto my hand or across my tongue. When I knew it was about to erupt I'd get in front of it and let it coat my face or tits with pumping jets of spunk. When presented with a cock I particularly liked I'd get up to push my pussy back onto it and let him fuck me as I fingered my clit. Once either I got off or he did, I'd be back on my knees; milking and sucking; milking and sucking.

I got filthy quickly. I enjoyed watching my progress in the mirrors as I got coated in flows of dripping, stretching strands of frothy viscous cum. I'd blow bubbles of the stuff as layers of if flowed across my lips. I'd play with it, stretching long filigrees between my fingers, face, tits and a procession of flush, twitching cocks. I'd push my sticky tits up to slurp quantities of it from my flesh as I stared with wicked eyes out into the musky mirrored universe of my little box. Time seemed to fade into a meaningless abstract as my entire being became focused on penises and sperm, sperm and penises. My only goal was provoking the next eruption and feeling the hot splat of spunk on skin or the salty overripe melon taste filling my mouth to overflow with a burst of man seed. It was like I was drunk on the stuff; high on pheromones. I grew greedy for more as semen bathed my skin, filled my belly and flooded my womb.

It was something of a surprise when, after an eternity of sucking and jerking, a smallish black dick in the back gloryhole withdrew after filling my mouth with a heavy load and a replacement didn't automatically pop in to take its place. With relief, for my jaw and hands were growing sore and my skin crusty, I realized that I had taken care of the whole crowd. I turned to face the front of the box and squatted with my thighs wide as I slowly stroked the last two pricks. I was barely recognizable under a blanket of the doomed genetic effluvia of an unknown number of strangers and my distended pussy dripped with a sick slag of spent sperm. I knew Rick was out there looking at me. I wondered what he thought. Did he get what he wanted from his little trick? I hated to admit it, but once again I was glad he'd lured me into his depraved fantasy. I would never have agreed to something like this if he'd leveled with me first.

The cock in my right hand suddenly threw its load out in long streamers that hung on my tits and brought me back from my thoughts. I decided I'd treat the last cock to my pussy. I bent over and put my ass up against the hole and let him slide easily inside me. He didn't last long.

Spent, I sagged onto the sperm soaked floor of the now filthy Box of Infinite Glory as the lights turned off again. I looked up as the door panel open and there was Rick. 

"Thanks for the surprise," I said thickly through lips sticky with cum.

But I noticed he wasn't smiling. His face was white; his eyes wide in shock. He opened his mouth to speak but no words came out. He just looked at me blankly.

"Oh shit," I said. Obviously this was all a surprise for him too.

"I'm... I'm so... um, sorry?" he said.

Maybe it was because I was still high on weed; maybe it was because I was drunk on the musky scent of the pheromones; maybe it was merely because of the comically wide-eyed look on my boyfriend; but whatever the reason I just started laughing. "I thought this was the next step in your little fantasy," I was finally able to say.

"No. No, it wasn't. Not at all," sighed Rick. He stammered for a bit before finally spitting out, "But the weird thing was that I got really fucking turned on watching you in there. I don't want to be into that kind of shit. But that was so fucking sexy. "

I laughed again. "How many guys did I do?"

"I counted twenty two, might've been more."

"Wow," I said as he pulled me up off the floor. "Hey, since we're both into this..."

"The manager said they always have a good crowd on Friday," said Rick quickly.

I smiled up at him and he blushed; embarrassed by his transparent enthusiasm. I was already looking forward to Friday.

***

Thanks for reading. Let me know what you thought. Comments, criticism and encouragement are always welcome. – Fastandsloppy.