 Chapter 2: The Shower Room

When I stepped back from Laura, it was pretty obvious that the festivities (at least this part of them) were over. Several people shuffled toward the door, while others hung around, still lost in their own individual ecstasies. There were no drugs or alcohol here, though. Everybody was just getting high on the sexual energy that had been generated. 

A handful of women came to Laura and escorted her out of the room. After everything that had gone on tonight, I was ready to follow my wife wherever she went. Member 1 singled Todd and me out, though, motioning for us to follow him.

We were led into a room adjoining where the party had occurred. It was indicated we should sit, so sit we did. Again we were addressed by Member 1. 

"You may remove your masks now." We did, and a naked young woman I vaguely recognized from work took them and disappeared.

"Well, gentlemen? What did you think?"

Todd gushed. "Wow! That was fucking amazing!" He suddenly realized who he was talking to, then apologized, "Sorry. Can I talk like that here?"

Mr. Harrison, who had removed his own mask, laughed. "Of course. You aren't at work, and considering what you've just participated in, I think it's fairly appropriate. And before either of you try: here, I'm Roger. Screw that 'Mr. Harrison' stuff. That's only for work.

"Tom, what did you think of this evening's activities?"

I knew how I wanted to reply, but wasn't sure how honest I should be. Eventually, though, I decided honesty was best. "This was the most mind-blowing thing I've ever seen or done. I never expected my wife to be into something like this."

Suddenly, I realized what I'd just said. Todd looked at me in surprise. I expected him to think of me as some kind of wimp, not able to satisfy Laura, to have her turn to something like this evening's event. "That was your wife? God damn, man! You are the luckiest fucker in the world! I wish my wife would loosen up enough to do something like what happened tonight."

Roger again laughed. He turned to a large-screen television setup and hit the power switch. 

What came on the screen boggled my mind, and Todd's eyes bugged out. 

The scene was of a shower setup, with the heads arrayed around on the walls. But it wasn't empty. It was where the entourage had taken my wife.

Laura was in the center of a cluster of women, and they all were rubbing up against her, smearing jizz all over their own bodies.

I'll tell you, this was a fucking erotic sight. Just seeing that many women pressing themselves against each other was arousing enough, but knowing the one in the center was my wife just made it so much hotter.

Todd was drooling. After a few minutes, he turned to Roger and babbled, "That... that's my wife!"

With a laugh, Roger replied, "Yes, yes it is."

"Which one?"

Todd pointed to a good-looking woman with relatively small tits, but a fantastic ass and legs. "Her. The blond with her hand on your wife's ass."

I looked at the woman he indicated and was impressed. I wouldn't mind cumming on her sometime in the future. Honestly but rather inadequately, I said, "Good looking lady."

The scene in the shower, meanwhile, was turning into a big lez-fest, with my wife as the center attraction. Now that everyone in the room had cum on them *somewhere* they broke away from the big cluster that was going on when the TV had come on. Two or three ladies held up my wife, one knelt between her legs and ate her pussy, while a couple more sucked her nipples. When Laura climaxed, the ladies all traded places. One by one, each woman in the shower room took her turn between my wife's legs. They didn't stop licking Laura's pussy until she had cum, so by the time all the women in the room had had their turns eating her, Laura had cum eight or nine times!

Of course, after *that* many orgasms, Laura was pretty wiped out. The ladies who had been holding her up eased her to the floor, onto a big towel laid out on the tile. Now, it was Laura's turn to give each of the ladies a thank you cum.

I'd never seen my wife with another woman. It was definitely something I wanted to see again. One after one, the ladies all squatted over Laura's face and stayed there, moaning and squirming until my wife brought them over the edge to screaming climaxes.

When Todd's wife got her turn, Todd went nuts. He had his cock in his hand and was stroking away, oblivious to the fact that we'd both cum quite a few times already tonight. He was mumbling to himself, "Oh, yeah, Molly... Sit on the bitch's face. Make her get you off like you did her..."

I guess I was just a little too stunned to do much of anything. My cock knew what to do, though. It was just as stiff as if I hadn't cum at all that night. I didn't want to stroke it (well, I *did*... This was an amazingly sexy scene being played out in front of me), because I'd been promised the best fuck of my life when I got home. Nevertheless, I finally broke down and took my hard shaft in my hand and started to make myself feel good, while watching my wife tongue all the women in the shower room to orgasm.

I already told you that Todd was masturbating to the show on the TV. Looking over in the other direction, I saw that Roger had taken himself in hand and was leisurely running his fingers up and down his hard-on, sort of like I was. Evidently the sight of so many women pleasuring each other got all three of us going. I could hardly wait to get home!

Once Laura had licked the last of the women to a shrieking cum, she was once more helped to her feet. 

Now, it was time to get the results of the evening's adventure cleaned off. Shampoo and soap were brought out, and I discovered how the showers worked. There apparently were a few heads in the ceiling as well, because it seemed that water sprayed from just about everywhere but the floor. 

Laura was in the center of the room, where most of the water seemed to be. She was getting sprayed from all sides, and she simply stood there and blissfully received the blessing of the water on her poor(?) abused(?) body.

While my wife was luxuriating, the other girls were getting ready for their assault. Laura was pulled into a "dead" area where the water seemed not to spray quite so hard, and everybody attacked her at once.

Soap and shampoo flew everywhere. My wife was now in the center of a cleaning frenzy. It had to be a weird, but wonderful feeling, to have all those hands sliding over her body at the same time. At one point in the cleaning, the women washing Laura stood back, revealing my wife covered head-to-toe in soap suds. It wasn't quite as arousing as seeing her plastered in semen, but it definitely had its own appeal.

Laura was then pulled back into the water spray and the soap and shampoo was rinsed away, helped along by the helpful hands of her assistants.

Now clean, once more it appeared that Laura was to reciprocate.

The first woman who stepped up to Laura just happened to be Todd's wife, who I assumed from his mumbling earlier, was called Molly. Todd looked like he was in voyeur's heaven, seeing his wife and the woman he'd just helped cover with cum showering together.

Molly just stood and let Laura gently caress her soapy hands over her luscious curves. I don't know how much actual cleaning was getting done, but was that really important? I know I *really* liked seeing my wife with another good-looking woman. Eventually, Molly was covered head-to-foot with soap, just like Laura had been. Then, Laura guided her into the water spray. Once there, Laura started to help slick the soap from Molly's body. It seemed for a while, though, that the girls were just a *little* too close together for either of them to be getting clean. When they shifted a little bit, I found out that While Molly rinsed, my naughty little wife had worked a hand into Molly's cunt, and was rubbing her to a nice, sexy climax. 

I had no idea if that was what was supposed to happen in the shower, but I *do* know that, as soon as his wife started cumming, Todd gave out a yell and started shooting again. 

Roger simply glanced over as if it was something that happened all the time. Maybe it did. The girl who had taken our masks away appeared again, wiped the jizz off the floor, then knelt down and licked Todd's deflating cock clean. When the girl got up and disappeared into whatever corner she was waiting in, Todd slammed back into his chair, exhausted.

Well, I can tell you, I was getting to the point of wanting to join Todd in jacking off to this fantastically erotic sight. Watching my Laura lovingly give each woman in the shower her own cleaning with her bare hands had the jizz rising in me pretty quickly. I still wanted to wait, though, hoping after all this that Laura would still have energy enough to give me that fuck she'd promised.

As it went on, it appeared my wife was getting more into washing each successive woman's body, because she seemed to fondle breasts a little more, and linger a little longer between each woman's legs than she did the one before. As well, she made sure that before each woman stepped out of the shower, she was given another raging orgasm. When it came time to do the last couple of ladies, it seemed like a long, slow tease, both on my side of the TV screen as well as there in the shower room. Those last two women were quivering with erotic tension well before their showers were over, and when Laura finally made them cum, they damn near collapsed from the intensity.

How I wished I was there in the shower room with Laura! I was about ready to fuck anything with a pussy, and there with my wife, there was plenty of it to choose from. I found myself hoping that this whole thing was over now, and Laura and I could go home, and I could finally get off on my wife. (I know, I already... shit, you know what I mean.)

In the room where *I* was, Todd had perked up a bit, and I noticed that Roger had called the young lady who had been waiting on us over. Roger had the girl on the floor in front of him and she was fondling and kissing his balls while he masturbated. The girl was staring directly into his eyes, and when Roger started cumming, she only closed them when a spurt of semen landed across her left eye. When he was finished, and he saw that the ladies in the shower room were toweling each other off, Roger announced, "I think that's all for this evening." He then held out a hand to the girl on the floor, who had only wiped her face enough that she could open her eyes. She stood next to him, proudly wearing his jizz on her face. Roger put an arm around the girl's waist and rested his hand on her far hip. "I hope you boys had a good time, and I certainly hope your *wife* had a good time, Tom. Will we see you next time?"

Todd gushed, "Oh my god, yes! Think you could get *my* wife to do this?"

Roger laughed. "Negotiations are under way. Believe it or not, many ladies are waiting to try this for the first time." He turned to the girl at his side. "Aren't they, darling?"

She nodded, huskily adding, "And a lot are waiting to do it again."

I said, "I'll participate again, most definitely. I'd prefer to have my wife here, though."

Roger replied, "Oh yes. Most of the women here are spouses or girlfriends. Only a chosen few of them are unattached."

"Well then, I'm in."

Roger smiled. "Wonderful. You'll both receive an invitation for next time, then. Now then, my friends, it's time to go."

Todd and I both rose from our seats and shook hands with Roger, thanking him for a fantastic evening. A quick glance back to the TV showed the shower room empty. Where the women had gone, I had no idea. Presumably, they were getting dressed and heading back home, too.

The girl who wore Roger's cum on her face stayed in the room. The way she clung to him, I had a suspicion of what they'd be doing once Todd and I were gone. Another, older woman accompanied us back to where we retrieved our clothes, then we stood outside the door while the kid who'd parked our cars got them. 

Before we left, Todd and I agreed we'd have to get together with our wives for a night out sometime. We then got in our cars and started home.


Chapter 3: Home Again, Home Again

My cock was hard the whole way home. It knew what was coming. I'd cum a lot tonight, but I'd saved one. I was sure of it. 

I left the door open for Laura when I got in the house. Then, I went to the bathroom and cleaned up, stripped and sat down in the living room.

For a while, I wanted to touch my hard-on, but refrained, figuring that it'd get plenty of attention when Laura got home, if she was true to her word. Of course, the anticipation of her arrival was excruciating, and even without any further stimulation, my cock drooled pre-cum while I waited.

Well, even as worked up as I was, the evening had still apparently taken a lot out of me, because I found myself waking up. Of course, what woke me was the sensation of my wife's lips wrapped around my still-stiff dick. Looking into Laura's face, I detected a gleam of horniness sparkling in her eyes. Evidently her "ordeal" with the bukkake and the orgasms she'd experienced in the shower room with the ladies had only helped to fuel her arousal.

That was fine with me.

I'd been briefly afraid that Laura would be too worn out after the evening's festivities to honor her promise to fuck me silly. What a foolish thought. Had *I* been in a similar situation, most likely I *would* be too pooped to pop, but fortunately for me, the female anatomy works in different and mysterious ways.

No, to my delight, my wife was more than ready to take me up on her offer of a wild fuck. I decided to let Laura take the lead, though, since she hadn't been able to all night. Besides, the grim reality of my *own* anatomy was starting to catch up with me.

Laura caught on that I was leaving her with the keys to the car, so she just went right to town. She worked me like a cock-hungry slut - which, I guess, at the time, she was. She fondled and sucked my cock, tickled and teased my balls, all with an energy that told me she wasn't tired in the least.

Part of me was really surprised that she wanted to suck me at that point. I thought she'd be so hungry to get my cock in her pussy that she'd just plop right down on my shaft first chance she got. Even so, I wasn't complaining in the least.

After a long while of Laura giving me some of the best head I'd ever received, she started rubbing her face all over my cock and balls. The feeling and sight of her caressing her face with my hard-on was unlike anything I'd experienced before. From her face, she rose up and sandwiched my cock between her tits and slid up and down for a little while. 

Now, I love tit-fucking my wife, but I was starting to get hot for her pussy. Nevertheless, I restrained myself from pulling her up and skewering her with my throbbing erection, contenting myself for the moment with the wonderful sensation of her breasts wrapped around my cock.

Laura has learned how to read me like the proverbial book, because just as she had me on the verge of cumming between her glorious tits, she backed off. A little whimper escaped me, but I reminded myself that I'd left it up to her to decide how she wanted this played out.

It surprised me that even as horny as Laura was, she still was capable of controlling herself enough to tease the shit out of me. She stood up, then leaned in toward me, shoving her tits in my face. Taking this cue quickly, I wrapped my arms around her waist and locked my mouth onto a nipple.

Laura squealed when I gently bit down a little, then switched to the other breast and nibbled on that one, too. I was really loving the reactions I was getting out of my desperately horny wife, just from sucking her tits.

Somewhere in the midst of my oral breast mauling, I reached down and squeezed Laura's perfect ass. While I was doing this, I felt Laura raise up a little, then settle back down with a gasp. In one seamless motion, she'd impaled herself on my eager hard-on! Her pussy was hotter and slicker than I ever remembered it being. Her adventure this evening had *definitely* gotten her good and worked up.

A purr of satisfaction welled up from Laura's throat when she felt my shaft hit bottom inside her. With a brief wiggle, she began a slow rocking motion which soon accelerated into a mad plunging up and down on my cock. Soon, Laura stiffened and a shudder went through her body, which was accompanied with a low moan as she had her first orgasm since arriving home.

Again, Laura played me like a virtuoso and stopped just as I was on the verge of joining her in orgasm. She jumped off my lap and held out her hands to me, saying, "Come on. I want you on top. Let's go upstairs."

I got up and we dashed to the bedroom. Laura flopped down on her back on the bed and immediately spread her legs like a cheap whore with a quota to meet. "Fuck me, Tom! Pound my pussy!"

Well, I certainly wasn't going to pass up an invitation like that! I got between Laura's legs and aimed my hard-on at her hot, sloppy cunt. A single thrust of my hips buried me to the root in her pussy. Before I had a chance to get adjusted, Laura was yelling at me, "Fuck me, dammit! C'mon!"

Fine, she wanted to get fucked, I'd oblige. I started slamming my cock into my wife's swampy cunt, my belly slapped hard against her crotch, and I inched her up the bed little by little, until her head bumped the wall. Laura reached back and braced herself against the wall, but I wasn't going to let up, even though pounding so hard was wearing me down in a hurry.

One thing was certain though. Even though fucking hard like this felt fantastic, it was making me tired enough that I wasn't going to be able to get over the edge to orgasm. Was that good or bad?

Nevertheless, my brutal banging against Laura's clit was enough to get *her* off again, and once her orgasm subsided, I fell back onto the bed to recover a little. The porn stars don't tell you how much that loud, frantic shit wears you out. I still hadn't cum yet, though, and I certainly didn't want to end this before I'd gotten off *somewhere* within my wife's body.

Laura wasn't through, anyway. Seeing that that last one sort of tired me out (my body, not my cock: it was still stiff as an iron bar), she leaned over and sucked me again for a while, licking her cunt juice off my hard-on.

When I was ready to go again, I propped myself up a little and watched as my wife orally loved my cock. Laura caught my eye as she licked me, and gave a little smile while she continued. 

For a few minutes more, Laura sucked and tongued my cock and balls, tasting herself on me, something she hadn't been interested in doing before. When every inch of my crotch was licked clean and glistened with her saliva, Laura bounced up, gave me a wide, spit-shiny grin, then got on all fours next to me.

"Fuck my ass now, Tom. I loved it so much earlier when those other guys buttfucked me. I want you to do it now." I was up and behind her in a second.

Even though it's meant to lubricate a larger opening, Laura's pussy was leaking so much, it seemed a shame not to put all that slick fluid to use. I slid my cock into her cunt and pushed it back and forth a couple times, then pulled out and smeared juice all over her waiting asshole.

I expected some resistance when I placed my cockhead at the entrance to Laura's butt. This time, though, I found no reluctance. Where, in the past, I'd met with slow going when trying the anal route with my wife, I found she was now loosened up and ready to go.

This was not to say it was a snap to get my hard-on buried up Laura's ass. It just means that it was significantly easier than I'd experienced with her in the past. Her rear hole was still wonderfully tight, and it gripped my cock with an exceptionally pleasing firmness.
