 Twenty five minutes later, four of the six people that had traveled back from the Christmas ball in my husband's car were in the lounge of Phil and Dave's flat. I had been surprised that anyone had taken up my suggestion; what with all the suspicious looks floating about and the unspoken insinuations...Still, since I had fucked two of my husband's friends on the backseat of his car whilst he drove us home, I was hardly in a position to feel offended. 

In fact, Kim had been the only one who had needed any convincing. Dave and Phil were always ready for a stoning session, and I knew my husband had been gearing up for it ever since leaving the party. Geoff was game for anything since burying his prick inside me a short while ago and no doubt welcomed the opportunity of a less restrained performance, especially after I had winked suggestively at him whilst making the proposal.

Kim had complained as usual, and Jas had offered to drive both of them home, but Geoff had said it was good of him to have brought them this far, and since it was just around the corner it wouldn't hurt them to walk home. It would also be rude of them not to accept a quick coffee before heading off, I had heard him add to his wife. 

At first, there had been a slightly strained atmosphere in the flat. Dave had rushed off to make a round of drinks, and Phil had immediately set about the task of rolling a huge joint. Kim had excused herself and made her way to the bathroom, and I had offered to help Dave with the drinks, leaving my husband and Geoff in the lounge with Phil.

After the drinks were made and Dave and I had carried the steaming mugs through to the lounge, the first joint of the evening was already half smoked, with Jas puffing heartily on it as I walked in through the door. Kim had returned from the bathroom and sat on the sofa next to her husband. Over the next few minutes, the atmosphere relaxed considerably as a thick blue haze permeated the small room, and uncharacteristically, I even indulged in a few puffs of weed myself.

After a short while, I had excused myself and made a quick trip to the bathroom, primarily to clean the thick mess of drying cum from between my legs. It was at that moment, sitting astride the toilet and wiping with a tissue at my hairless crotch that my life as I had previously known it changed immeasurably - precipitated by a single soft knock on the bathroom door. Jumping slightly, I dropped the tissue that I was holding into the toilet.

"Who is it?" I had asked.

"It's me." Jas' voice said softly from the other side. "Can I come in?" 

Fearing the confrontation that I knew was inevitable, I took a breath and steeled myself.

"Sure...It's open." Even as I replied, the door swung open and Jas entered the bathroom, closing the door behind him. I forced a smile, and turned to flush the chain starting to rise at the same time. Gently he took my hand and softly pushed me back onto the toilet before seating himself on the bath's edge beside me.

"It's ok," he said quietly... "Stay there a minute." He paused, holding my hand and looking into my eyes. Nervous that the guilt I felt would be all too evident, I avoided his gaze, looking down towards the floor, until eventually he spoke, 

"Did what I think happened; really happen?" He asked confirming my fears.

For several seconds I sat silently, refusing to meet his eyes with mine. My mind was in turmoil, what could I say to him...What should I say to him? When I had left the car, I had been filled with the euphoria of the moment, but now the grim reality was upon me and my nerve was forsaking me. I knew that I wouldn't lie to him, he wouldn't believe me anyhow, but how could I tell him what had happened. It seemed like forever passed before I could force my lips to move, and when they did a single word left my mouth in a whisper,

"Yes."

Initially, my reply was greeted with silence. Eventually I had to look at him, the need to gauge his reaction overwhelming my desire to stare at the floor in shame. His eyes were still locked onto mine, but his face did not betray the anger that I was expecting. There was emotion there but I couldn't be sure what he was thinking, perhaps shock or disappointment maybe.

"You had sex...with Geoff." He confirmed. 

Again, I hesitated before responding.

"And Dave," I muttered finally.

"And Dave!" he repeated raising both eyebrows in surprise. 

"Yes, but he doesn't know Jas, he was asleep and I was so turned on because of what you said and I was drunk and horny and Dave was fast asleep and I was sitting on him..." I realized I was babbling, but the floodgates had burst open and suddenly I felt the need to explain myself and make him understand. Looking at him with earnest, I spent the next few minutes blurting out everything that had happened; barely pausing for breath before each mouthful came pouring out until finally the whole story was told and all I could do was sit and wait for the explosion. 

A minute passed as I watched his face for an indication of what to expect. His eyes had left mine a long time before, and as I recounted the whole affair, he had stared almost sightlessly at the spot where our hands lay together in my lap. Finally, I couldn't stand the silence any longer,

"Jas...I'm so sorry," I started, "I don't know what came over me, it didn't mean anything, and it was just..." My voice trailed off as he raised his head to look at me and lifting a finger, gently pressed it against my lips.

"Shush." He said quietly, "Its ok babe I'm not mad at all."

"You're not!" I exclaimed, uncertain whether to believe him.

"Not at all babe..." He said quietly. "I've fantasized about you with other men many times. I just never thought you'd actually do it. When I thought about you fucking Geoff though, it turned me on no end."

"It did!" I asked incredulously, my voice raising an octave as my own eyebrows lifted.

"Hell yeah it did." Jas smiled at me kindly. "It's just I never suspected that you'd screwed Dave too." Now he grinned at me mischievously, "You really reckon he had no idea?"

"None whatsoever," I replied with certainty. "He was doped up to the eyeballs and snoring his head off in my ear." 

Jas chuckled. "Poor bugger, if only he'd known what he was missing..." 

I laughed candidly and for the first time since entering the flat, a heavy weight was suddenly vanquished from my shoulders.

"He didn't miss a lot." I smiled crudely. "He shot his load in about two minutes flat...that's why I had to move on to Geoff!" 

Jas chuckled again.

"You horny devil you...I still can't believe Geoff had the nerve to do it right there with me in the car."

I grimaced,

"Well...to be fair, he'd have to have been a saint not to...I did lay it on pretty thick."

Jas looked thoughtful.

"What about Dave...You reckon he would've gone for it if he'd been awake?"

"I don't know," I shrugged. "Maybe I guess...if the timing was right."

"What about tonight?" Jas asked.

"What about tonight." I repeated suspiciously.

"Well...do you think you could make Dave shag you tonight with me in the room?" He smiled at me slyly. 

Hesitantly, I considered the idea. Knowing Dave as the happy-go-lucky stoner he was, I'd have said there was a chance he could be convinced. But this opened up a whole new ball game. It was one thing to be unfaithful, it was something else to be unfaithful with your unknowing husband in the same car, but to fuck his friend in the same room with Jas very knowingly looking on...that was something else altogether.

"Aw, I don't know Jas," I replied uneasily. 

"What...you don't know if he'd go for it...or you don't know if you'd want to?" He pressed.

"I don't know if it'd be a good idea." I replied.

For several seconds Jas gazed over at me fondly, before leaning over and gently kissing my forehead. 

"Have I mentioned how gorgeous you are?" He said smiling roguishly as his hand came to rest on my knee.

"You might have mentioned it - once or twice...Not nearly enough though!" I replied smiling back as his long fingers disappeared beneath the hem of my dress.

"Well my gorgeous wife...if you can convince Dave to shag you whilst I sit in the same room and without letting on that I know...I'm going to let every man in the room fuck every orifice you have – and I'm going to be first in the queue!" Gently his hand slipped between my legs, sliding easily into the readily moistening lips of my pussy until his fingers were buried to the knuckles inside my warm hole.

"I don't know Jas." I whispered, shivering at his touch... "It's late, and everyone is stoned." Slowly, he pressed his fingers deep inside me, curling them at the ends to rub against the ribbed flesh of my g-spot.

"Well, I guess you're just going to have to work your magic." he breathed, brushing his lips against my earlobe, before slowly, inexorably pulling his fingers from my drenched cavity. Rising, he stooped to kiss my forehead again before turning and leaving the room. 

And so it was that four of the six people that had traveled back from the Christmas ball in my husband's car were in the lounge twenty five minutes after arriving at the flat. Of the six, only two people in the house were aware of the evening's itinerary. One was already returning to the lounge and as I sat in the bathroom fingering my sodden pussy, I was flushed with excitement and eager to let the evening commence. 

****

When I stepped into the lounge five minutes later Jas was just accepting the stub end of a joint from Geoff. He winked at me as I entered, before taking a deep puff and exhaling the intoxicating smoke into the room. Glancing around, I saw that Kim occupied one of the single recliners at the far end of the lounge. With the footrest fully extended she rested almost horizontally, her eyes closed and her ample chest heaving as she snored softly. To her left, Geoff and my husband occupied the two-seater sofa. Phil sat on the floor, his back resting between the two men as he dutifully rolled the next joint. Dave was sitting in the chair nearest the door that I had entered through, drawing heavily on a freshly rolled joint. In the centre of the room, a couple of games console pads lay abandoned on the floor and a stereo in the corner was playing chill-out tunes at a sociable volume.

I passed through the room and into the kitchen to retrieve my half-drunk bottle of wine before returning to the lounge. Standing in the doorway I took a deep swig from the bottle and glanced calculatingly at Dave. He was one of Jas' best friends. Reliable and solid - I knew that, even stoned, it would be a challenge to make him fuck me, at least without Jas' approval. Simply coming onto him was not going to work...What I needed to do was arouse him first, innocently and beyond all reasoning – that of course was not going to be easy, it would mean exposing him to all of my female charms, and since he was unlikely in his stoned state to leave his chair – that would mean exposing myself to the entire room. Still, Jas had promised me a fuck from each guy present, so exposing myself was trivial by comparison, and recalling Dave's fat prick embedded between my legs gave me all the incentive I required.

Feigning drunkenness, I crossed the room on unsteady legs stopping by the console controllers. With my back to Dave, I stooped from the waist...and struggling to reach the floor I spread my legs, bending at the knee only slightly to allow my hands to grasp one of the disused pads. It was an age old ploy but I knew that, even in his state – loyalties aside, Dave's eyes would be fixated on my ass as the thin material of my dress clung to my body like a second skin. The move was by no means the hook, but it set the seed.

Standing, I sauntered over to the games console and turned it on. In the centre of the room I dropped to the floor, lying on my front with my dress hitched high up on my thighs. On the sofa, Jas chatted to Phil as another joint was lit. Behind me I knew that Dave would be enjoying the view of my shapely legs until they disappeared, just shy of my ass cheeks beneath the hem of my dress. Pressing the start button a starting grid appeared and I waited as a set of traffic lights changed from red to green. Pressing the buttons I watched as my car hurtled along at the centre of the screen and twisting my body into line as each bend appeared, I noted with satisfaction the gradual upward movement of my hem line until I felt the material clear the smooth hump of my buttocks. From this moment onwards I was aware that not only would every person in the room be able to see that I was not wearing panties, but those behind me or to the side would clearly see the shaven entrance to my pussy. Around me, the room had descended into silence as four sets of eyes admired the flaunting before them; my only concern was that the juices flooding my shameless vagina were not oozing from between my lips and giving my game away.

I allowed myself a few more twists and bends before my car crashed and I raised my legs at the knee, briefly spreading the delicate folds of my slit, before kicking the ground petulantly. Chucking the controller to the ground, I dug my knees into the carpet and lifted myself upright. Tugging my dress down until my large breasts practically fell from the deep 'v' of my plunging neckline I casually meandered over to stand in front of Dave's chair just as he lit another joint and I held out my hand expectantly. Dutifully, Dave passed me the joint and I took a deep puff before dropping it into his lap. Appearing horrified I stooped hastily to retrieve it, ensuring that my heavy tits threatened to burst from the confines of my dress as I did so. Recovering it with one hand, I was pleased to discover the noticeable bulge of his erection as I brushed the burning ash from his crotch with the other. When I was done, I dropped myself apologetically beside him onto the arm of his chair and offered him my wine bottle which, he politely accepted. 

I decided not to push things. The seed had been sown but needed time to germinate, so over the next fifteen minutes or so I remained perched at Dave's side sharing his joints and joining in with the conversations around the room. Over time I flirted subtly with him and allowed myself to slip gradually closer to him, until I was resting more on Dave than on the chair. Occasionally, when I was speaking and laughing with Dave and my body was turned to him with my attention on him, I would allow one tit or the other to slip from the neckline of my dress, acting as though I hadn't noticed until absently adjusting my dress a short while later to jog it back into place. Casting a furtive eye to his groin every now and then, I was pleased to note his visible protuberance was now all but constant. 

At one point he got up and headed for the bathroom and I slid into his chair to enjoy the last of the joint that he left with me. On the sofa Geoff was in animated conversation with Phil over some car or other as he drew on yet another spliff. Kim still slept in the recliner across the room, and Jas had retrieved my discarded games controller and was tearing through the streets of some city. Sensing my gaze he glanced over and grinned at me before fixing his attention back on the screen. 

When Dave returned there was a somewhat puzzled look on his face and I smiled inwardly as I jumped up from his seat, certain that he had discovered the creamy deposits in his boxer shorts that remained after his slumbering journey back to the flat. Sitting back down, he smiled at me as I grabbed the second controller and, abandoning the arm, settled directly into his lap. Whilst I waited for Jas to finish his game I leaned back against Dave staring passively at the screen and enjoying a soft soul remix of my favorite tune. Beneath my ass, I could tell that his erection had diminished since his trip to the bathroom. Unconcerned, I allowed myself a quiet moment of indulgence as I contemplated what I intended to do with excited anticipation, assured in the knowledge that in short order his cock would be straining for release with keen fervor. I already knew that when the time came he would slip inside me like a knife through butter; since the moment I had left the bathroom my pussy had remained sopping wet with expectation.

When the new game started I joined Jas in multiplayer mode. As my car sped through the dusty corners of a desert track I was waving the controller wildly in the air and wriggling my ass back and forth over Dave's cock, grinding down onto his rapidly growing member as my tires screeched through each turn. I knew that my animated performance was having the desired effect on him when he subtly adjusted his position so that his stiffening prick fell into the narrow cleft between my ass cheeks.

Just then Phil struggled upright. 

"Anyone want another drink?" He asked, levering himself from the lounge floor using the edge of the sofa. He was greeted with a chorus of refusals as he made his way to the kitchen on unsteady legs forcing me to crash as he crossed in front of the screen. Sulkily I thrust the controller at Geoff.

"Here...see if you have more luck." I leaned forward as far as I could stretch offering him a fantastic view of my tits and reveling in the look of desire that was etched into his face as he stared at my pale globes. Enjoying the kind of attention that in the past would have offended me I figured there was no harm in keeping him sweet for later and I smiled sexily at him. I couldn't believe how much of a slut I was behaving. 

The passed few hours had triggered a precipitous transformation from a fairly regular albeit highly sexed woman, into a wanton harlot that was willing to do anything to fill her pussy with as much hard cock as possible. As my attention drifted around the room taking in each of its occupants in turn, I realized that in my minds eye I was no longer seeing these people as individuals, but as large walking phalluses present for one reason alone – to fulfill my licentious desire. Even as my gaze fell on the sleeping form of Kim I couldn't help admiring her huge chest as it heaved in the semi-dark and fleetingly I found myself wondering what it would be like to have sex with a woman. 

Content that I had allowed Dave ample opportunity to appreciate my raised ass as I prostrated myself in his lap I sat upright with my back to him. Beneath me, his cock pressed firmly against my hot pussy - as hard as it would ever be. I feigned a show of shuffling about on his knees in an attempt to dislodge some unseen source of discomfort, which Dave would realize was his hard prick digging into me. I felt him shift beneath me, no doubt with some measure of embarrassment, but before he could dislodge the swollen member himself, I lifted my ass and dug my hands into the gap between us.

"Have you got your wallet in your pocket Dave?" I asked innocently, just as my fingers found and closed around the thick intrusion. "Oh my," I purred, cupping his huge package. "Am I imagining it? Or is somebody pleased to see me?" Twisting in his lap I kept my hands between our two bodies and gently stroked his hard cock through his trousers, resting my head on his shoulder as I turned my back to the room to gaze up at him demurely.

He cast an uneasy eye towards my husband, but Jas' attention appeared to be absorbed in pursuing Geoff around the track.

"I'm sorry Kate," he muttered awkwardly, "it's er...well, it's been a while is all." I chuckled inwardly at the inaccuracy of his statement, but outwardly I affected a pained look,

"Aw Dave, and there was me thinking you found me arousing."

"Oh I do," he blurted, then frowned anxiously, "I mean er...Well, that is...I er...You know...Who wouldn't," he stammered finally, glancing again at Jas. "But..." 
