 Sighing out loud, I swipe my key-card and enter my hotel room ... I finally have a weekend to rest. I just wound up a 3-day seminar, one which I lead to coach women to be more assertive in business - and in their personal lives. I immediately step out of my shoes, kicking them aside. Dump my supplies on the nearby desk, and strip as I head for the shower. Leaving a trail of clothing behind me. Hot steamy water follows the curves of my body. I can feel the tension and professional attitude wash down the drain. The force of the spray pulses on the back of my neck and my breathing slows to a relaxed rhythm. Stepping out of the shower, I put my hair up in a towel, but let my body drip-dry while I brush my teeth. Once dry, the lotion I treat my skin to is jasmine scented and goes from head to toe, keeping me as smooth as possible while adding just a light scent. I don’t spend a lot of time on my hair, quick blow-style - keeping it loose and relaxed. It’s my time and I want to be at ease, even when just I step out for a bite to eat.

My favorite lavender colored snap-front t-shirt dress hangs in the closet. It fits just so it shows off my curves without being tight. Skimming me at mid-thigh. I wear a nice comfortable low-heeled sandals and skip the jewelry. Simple and casual - no bra, no panties tonite, they’re too constricting and I want to be very cool and comfortable. Mascara and lipstick and that’s it. I’m ready for a quiet dinner with just me and my notes from the conference to review.

I forego the restaurant, choosing to sit in the bar to have a lite meal and drink - or two. There’s less than half dozen people enjoying the lounges’ atmosphere. I opt for a corner booth which has just enough light to allow me to see my notes without straining. The waitress arrives to take my order. Vodka and cranberry juice, and just an appetizer for my meal. I slip around to the very back of the booth so the entire room is in my view ... leaning back and stretching my legs out before pulling my notes from my note binder. Looking up only occasionally to watch people as they come and go, I’m soon engrossed in my work.

The first taste of vodka has a bit of a bite to it, but smooths out with each successive sip. My appetizer arrives shortly and I’ve succeeded in taking up most of the table with my notes, food and drink. I’m pouring over my insights, trying to determine where I can improve my delivery. It’s an effort to reach the women who attend seminars just to have a few days off work. I go over the feedback questionnaires that I hand out to each attendee. I do this in order to glean whether I have actually reached any of them. Taking each suggestion sheet attached and organizing them from the negative input - to the positive affirmations.

Another drink arrives as my first is close to being emptied. I didn’t order it, but, the waitress explains that it’s from the two gentlemen at a table not far from my booth. I thank her and acknowledge the kind gesture from these gentlemen with a warm smile and nod. They smile in return and raise their own drinks in a toast-like gesture.

I can see them out of my peripheral vision as I try to focus on my paperwork. They keep looking in my direction. I’m feeling nice and warm, and all too comfortable now from the drinks, not to mention the attention I’m receiving. They’re both quite good looking black men...athletic builds which is evident beneath their dress shirts. Though they’re sitting, I can tell they’re also tall, with long, strong legs stretched out. One of them has the most beautiful, sweet smile I’ve ever seen. The other doesn’t smile...he appears more intense and serious. A dangerous sensual quality about that man. Although, they make no attempt to come over, they still face me, looking my way often...staring between clips of conversation. Curious, but flattering. I grab a stack of papers and as I lean a bit to slide them into my binder which is sitting next to me on the seat, I think I finally understand why the long-distance attention. A few snaps have come undone on my dress and the top of my thighs must be visible to them - not many secrets hidden from their eyes. A straight line of view for the attentive men. Even though a slight sting of shocked embarrassment passes through me, I’m instantly aroused. My embarrassment quickly fades as I feel my heat rising. I’m putting on a show for these men, discreet and unknown, at least at first. I decide to pretend not to notice my exposure and continue to put away a few papers.

Pulling my feet under the seat and crossing my legs at the ankles, my knees fall apart just a little. Not giving too much of a show, but allowing a little more of a peek for my audience. Such a tease! They stare intently now...I think I see a slight squirm in their chairs. Their attention definitely rooted to the scene under my table. Of course my idea of no panties tonite fell perfectly into this scenario. Good thing I gave myself a nice clean shave, leaving a heart-shape tuft at the peak of my pussy. Even though I had no intention of showing myself to anyone, I always maintain my habits of being clean shaven, soft and smooth. After all, one never knows...

I rest a hand on my thigh in an absent-minded fashion, the dress slips just a bit further off the thigh. Their heads haven’t turned once in the last several minutes. The intense one has leaned back in his chair, with his hands laced over his smooth abdomen. The sweet one rests forward on his elbows, almost as if to get a closer look. I brush a few imaginary crumbs from my lap. . . my dress slips up a bit. More temptation to peek from between my thighs. Taking another drink . . . resting my fingers on my upper thigh. After finishing the 2nd drink, I’m feeling quite nice and relaxed. I decide to put away the rest of my notes and just enjoy sitting quietly. Another drink arrives, gift from my admirers. Again I thank them, offer a shy smile, and lean back in my booth. I’m quite aroused by this time in the game. My nipples are hard and show blatantly through the thin material of the dress. Feeling them pressing against the soft thin cotton material. Ok, it’s time to turn up the heat. I slowly trail my hand lightly down my breast to my lap. I’ve never had such strict attention in my life. Maybe I should do this in my seminars. Spreading my knees a tiny bit further, I let my fingers rest on my lap, careful not to block the secret view.

Taking a slow taste of my drink, I want to make this last a while. I let my gaze wander the room, drawing a slow deep breath with a slight arching stretch of my back as my hand dips deep secretly between my legs. Hoping my men are hard with excitement. I look down to my lap, pretending to notice my exposure for the first time. . . and not minding at all. I glance shyly at the gentlemen, while slipping a finger between my thighs, slowly stroking myself. The drink is very good - but will soon get better. I bring my hand out of my lap and dip it into the vodka and let some drip to my exposed skin, spreading it a little with my fingers before bringing them to my lips and licking them clean. 

Do they look a little flushed? Good, I see it in their eyes. I hit the mark for sure. Moving my fingers slowly between my pussy’s lips, up and down - slow and steady, quick dip inside and back out again. Another dip into my drink and back to my wet pussy. Moving so slightly back and forth over my clit. Resting my chin in my other hand, slightly closing my eyes... I gaze between my eyelids right back at my friends. The look of clear lust in their eyes is strong. 

I decide to make my way to the ladies room, not bothering to snap my dress, I slide out of the booth and walk leisurely by their table, with each step the dress slips open and closed, exposing peeks of snatch. I return in a few minutes, same show and they watch me intently, as I walk by, slowly and deliberately.

As much as I’ve enjoyed this little game, it’s getting late and I begin to gather my belongings. . .hating to end this. . . it was all too much fun, but this fantasy should come to an end now. I slip out of the booth again, the dress quickly slides up towards my hips then falls closed as I stand. They haven’t moved an inch and stare openly at me as I leave the bar and head for the elevators. No one is in the lobby and I’m not worried about my dress ... I like the exciting chance that someone may come around a corner and catch my state of attire. Pressing the button to go up...the doors open and I step into the elevator. As I do, my friends surprise me by following right behind me into the elevator. I never noticed them leaving the bar, nor did I hear them approach behind me as I waited at the elevator.

“What floor?” The tall sweet one asks without looking my way.

“Nine,” I answer. I’m not sure how to take this turn of events. After all, I hadn’t expected them to follow me.

“Same as ours. We’re neighbors.”

“What a coincidence.” I smile.

He turns to gaze at me. Stepping up beside me, arms brushing. No conversation as we ride slowly upward. Watching the numbers light as we pass each floor. All the while each of us knows what the other is feeling. The look in our eyes and secret smiles underneath the heavy sensual atmosphere.

Before we reach the 4th floor I feel fingers tickling the back of my right thigh, slipping under my dress. Sweetness’ hand strokes, slowly petting my round smooth ass, each stroke brings him closer to my inner thighs. My legs relax and feel weak. My chest feels tightness with excitement and a bit of trepidation. The intense one steps up close to my other side, his right hand reaches up and boldly cups my breast...thumb on my nipple, teasing it, brushing over the fabric of my dress. Sweetness’ fingertips explore the soft folds of my tender spot. The heat rises, I can smell my jasmine scent as it warms on my body. 

Standing between them, Sweetness fondles my ass now, his fingers petting my opening, circling, gentle. Intense slips his hand inside my neckline...a snap comes undone, exposing more breast. He holds it in his palm...fingers tickling my nipple. I rest my head against the wall of the elevator, enjoying being explored.

The door opens to our floor. I step out from between them and walk to my door. No one is in the hallway. Taking my belongings inside my room I then return to the hall where they’re waiting for me. We walk a few doors further down to another room. I can’t believe I’m actually doing this, walking half-dressed, with two strange men, to their room. Opening the door, they step aside to let me walk in. The room is dark with the exception of the city lights glowing through the sheers. I make my way straight for the windows and open the curtains to let in more city light...we have enough to see and it’s not so bright as to be clinical. Perfect ambiance.

Intense takes his shirt off so quickly I barely see the buttons come undone. He takes me by the wrist and turns me to the wall. Pressing me against it, kissing the back of my neck and grabbing my ass. Sweetness is moving about, undressing by the sounds of it, and watching his friends’ assault, I’m sure. Intense’s fingers grope between my soft mounds to find his treasure ...one finger shoves in very quickly. I gasp. Arching my back against him. He presses me harder into the wall thrusting his finger into me repeatedly. I spread my legs wider. Just as quickly as it began, he steps back. I hear his zipper and turn to watch as he removes the rest of his clothes. His body is amazing...a body builder physique. Sweetness rises from the bed where he was sitting and comes to me. Taking hold of my dress, each side of the opening in his hands, he pulls sharply and the snaps fly open. He lowers his head to my breasts I raise them to him as an offering, and kisses my hard nipples. Lovely lips encircling each, his hands hold my breasts to his face. He buries his face between them before moving to the other waiting nipple.

My pussy is throbbing and I feel hot and wet. He’s naked and his hard cock gently teases my pussy. He moves his hips to softly stroke me with his dick. He drops to his knees and seeks my clit with his generous mouth. Spreading my legs further apart. Placing an open mouth kiss on my pussy, tongue tickling and teasing the clit, then quick dips into my slit. I lean against the wall moaning and spreading my legs for him. His tongues tastes me, following the folds of my pussy and inside again. The heat increases and Intense steps up beside me to fondle my breasts and fingers my ass again, while Sweetness sucks my cunt. Flicking his tongue across my clit then closing his lips over it to suck it into his mouth. 

I’ve never done this before, never thought I would...my body is their playground and nothing is off limits. Sweetness stands and presses his hard cock against my pussy. I ache for him to plunge inside, but he waits...a teasing look in his eyes glimmer. He knows what I want and prolongs it. Ah, the torture, and he knows it. Instead he reaches down with his hands and strokes my pussy softly. Intense is still fingering my ass, kissing my neck, biting my shoulders. He lifts me away from the wall and moves behind me and his hard dick slips between my cheeks, stroking it up and down, reaching from behind to play with my tits. Pinching my nipples. He takes them in his hands and raises them up ito Sweetness. Who accepts the invitation gratefully, and sucks my nipples quickly...saliva dripping down my chest. His two fingers still inside my cunt, pulsing in and out slowly.

I don’t know how much I can take before begging to be fucked - and fucked hard! Sweetness pulls his fingers out and I feel him guide his cock to my cunt. Pushing inside me slowly...so slowly. All the way in and drawing out just as slowly. A few quick thrusts and he pulls out...grasping my shoulders he pushes me to my knees. Intense hold my head while I lick my pussy juices from his friends’ dick. I suck him clean and stroke his length with my tongue, tickling just under his head with the tip of my tongue.

I love the feeling of a hard cock in my mouth, sliding up my tongue, dripping precum on my tongue. Intense strokes his hands through my hair. Holding my head so Sweetness can fuck my mouth. Before he can cum, he pulls away and walks to the bed.

“Bring her over” he says.

Intense lifts me to my feet and guides me to the bed. Sweetness is laying on his back and I kneel over him and take him into my mouth again. I’m on my knees on the end of the bed...Intense moves up behind me, grabbing my hips and holding me steady as he guides his hard cock into my pussy. No teasing with this one, he rams me hard and deep. Moans muffled by a full hard cock. Slapping my ass and ordering me to suck his friends’ dick while he fucks me from behind.

Sweetness is moaning, thrusting his hips up a bit to meet my rhythm. Intense pulls out and shoves his dick into my ass, slowly at first to test my tightness. It’s tight, very tight. I relax for him and he shoves in all the way, fucking my ass swift and hard.

“Do you like my dick in your ass, slut?” he growls, gripping my hips harder and pulling me into him. His hard wet black dick stretching my tight pink hole. I feel his huge balls slap at my pussy, Sweetness grows impossibly hard in my mouth and I know he’s about to cum.

“Suck it baby, suck it.” he moans.

I suck quicker, stroking with my tongue up the underside of his length, squeezing with my lips until I feel his hot jizz blast inside my mouth.

“Swallow it all in!” And I do, drinking it all down.

Intense is grunting with each push, grabbing my hips tighter as he blows his load shortly after. I feel his slippery cum slide down my ass and onto the backs of my thighs. I’ve been filled from both ends and have more to expect.

Intense pulls his cock from my ass and walks to bathroom where I hear him washing. 

Sweetness rolls me onto my back at the end of the bed and takes his place between my legs...his mouth seeking my pussy. He’s sucking my clit and finger fucking my cunt at the same time, driving me to the edge of ecstasy. I feel my orgasm coming on like a slow hot wave. Sweetness is fucking me with three fingers and eating my snatch like a sweet dessert. I grab my knees to pull them wider apart. His tongue slides over my clit quick as the electricity of a spiraling orgasm hits me hard.

I can barely control a soft scream as he keeps up the licking and sucking, driving me over the edge again and again. I think I’ve lost my mind and soul.

He stands, leaving me laying, legs splayed, quivering with post-orgasmic throbs.

After several minutes, we’re all stretched out on the bed, touching and kissing. “I want to be double-fucked.” I say. They look at each other and grin.

Intense gets off the bed and grabs my wrists, pulling me off the bed as well. His back to the wall, he pulls me against him and without wasting any time crams his cock up and into my cunt. Sweetness steps up behind, licking his fingers, he wets my ass to slip into me easier. He takes it slow, pushes in steadily and reaching a rhythm to match Intenses’ own. Soft, pink pussy plundered by a huge black dick, my tight ass filled with another. A dream come true - and I didn’t know I had it in me. I feel so completely filled it’s unbelievable. I cum fast and hard and soon after Intense shoots his jizz into my cunt, my orgasm stays and I go over two more times....Sweetness cums at nearly the same time. I’m so wet and hot, I don’t want it to stop.

We’re exhausted and fall back to the bed. Sleep overtakes us and the sunrise finds that we haven’t moved from the positions we collapsed into. 

I get up, collect my clothing, slipping them on quietly. Leaving the room, I sigh. Did it really happen?

I walk into my room and after a shower pack my things and leave. And I thought this was going to be just another boring weekend.

After packing up and checking out, I catch a cab to the airport. The wait drifts by as my thoughts return to my adventure the night before. I’ve never done anything, it was so unlike me...so unexpected. I dream and fantasize, sure, but to act one out? I never thought I’d do it...ever.

The following Monday was the same as most others, full. I had to catch up on some office work that piled up while I was away. I was looking forward to coming home and having a nice relaxing evening. My boyfriend warned me that he had a dinner meeting and that it was going to be a late one. He told me he may not make it over. This meeting was very important and he was going to spend as much time as necessary to nail down this contract. I knew he’d been working hard on this project and this was crunch time.

It had just started to rain when I ducked into the back door of my condo. They were calling for thunderstorms and it appears that this time the predictions were correct. Shaking off the few drops that found me, and stepping out my wet shoes, I dropped my purse and keys on the kitchen counter and proceeded to the bedroom. With each step I take up the stairs I relax bit by bit. The house is dark in the twilight of the approaching storm. I keep it that way and make my way to the master bath. My bath is like a sanctuary in my home. I decorated it to be conducive to relaxation, an oasis from the normalcy of the rest of the house. It’s large and airy with a skylight over the garden tub - a large fern hangs just beneath. Two candle sconces adorn the wall just behind the tub. Well lit double sink and separate shower are opposite the tub. Italian marble floors, shower, and tub surround. With thick, soft throw rugs tossed about. A vanity in the corner holds a CD player which always has some smooth jazz CD, or perhaps a new age music selection, featuring sounds of nature or perhaps some Native American tribal music.

I decide to take a quick shower - though a bubble bath would be oh so nice. The hot water massages my tired muscles and I really don’t want it to end. But with the storm coming in I know I need to get out as soon as possible. After a quick towel dry I put on my favorite jasmine scented body lotion, blow dry my hair so it’s soft and loose. Then I just throw on my gauzy, loose sun-dress to lounge around in for the evening.
