 BUSY AFTERNOON

Trace and Brittany took a break from their normal morning sex on Saturday. That afternoon they both had clients. Arthur was coming in at 1:00 PM to be trained on anal seduction. He was dying to get in his secretary's ass and Brittany would teach him how to put her in the mood.

Trace had an unusual request to work with two lesbians, Sonia and Barbara. They both had been with men earlier in their lives but then became lesbian lovers. They were not virgins and they particularly enjoyed anal sex. They loved anal foreplay and had used a strap-on dildo on each other. What was missing was the ejaculation into their bottoms. Both of them were curious about what it would feel like and scheduled the appointment with Trace.

When Arthur arrived, Brittany brought him into to the room with the Jacuzzi, a shower and a massage table. She planned to teach him about anal foreplay and then move to the Jacuzzi where he would learn to properly rim his secretary's anus. He took off his clothes, hung them up and then lay face down on the massage table as directed.

"Now I want you to learn how erogenous the buttocks can be when properly handled."

Brittany used her fingers to lightly graze over the top of his buns by the tailbone. Arthur felt chills run through his body and goose bumps appeared on his bottom. The sensation was incredible and he developed a boner in a matter of minutes. Brittany pour massage oil on his buttocks and ran her finger along the crack between them. He was sure that he would cum without touching his cock if she kept going.

"How do you feel?"

"Oh my god, this is so arousing. I have a boner."

"I would be disappointed if you didn't."

Brittany eased the tip of her index finger into his anus and he flinched. She massaged it gently with plenty of oil and his sphincter grabbed at her finger. Smiling, she pushed it in up to the second knuckle and he groaned. More oil and more foreplay, then he entire finger was in his ass. 

"Now this exactly what you will do to your secretary to get her ready. However, first you will shower with her and have her douche her bottom. After that you will go in the hot tub, relax a little and then have her lean over the side. With her bottom exposed to you, play with her buttocks as I did to you. Next kiss her buns and let your tongue slide in the crack. Swipe it up and down a few times and then stick it in her anus. It's called rimming and she will love it."

"Really, stick my tongue in her ass?"

"Yes, if you want to fuck her ass you need to get her in the mood. Remember you are going to have her douche in the shower. Now come with me and we will practice."

Brittany stripped and Arthur admired her naked body again. They entered the shower and he watched as she douched her ass. Next, they moved into the Jacuzzi and she lay back into him. His hands caressed her tits and his dick pressed into her back. After several minutes, she moved to the side and presented her gorgeous ass to him. He followed her every instruction and finally it was time to test his resolve.

Arthur parted her buttocks with his hands and dipped his tongue into her anus. He was pleased that it was so clean and the douche had a fragrance to it. He began slowly but really got into it and worked up the desire to stick his cock in there. Sensing his need, Brittany went to the massage table, handed him the oil. and told him to massage her ass. 

He poured the oil on her incredible derriere and massaged it in. He got bolder and fingered her anus as she had done to him. Soon his finger was sliding easily in and out of her rectum. He could not hold back any longer and climbed up on the massage table. She raised her ass to meet him and he suck his cock in her bottom. He was so turned-on that he knew that he would not last long. He fucked her watching his dick slide in and out of her fantastic ass. 

His ejaculation advanced quickly and he shot a massive load into her rectum. He leaned over the blonde beauty and placed his hands on either side of her. His body was still but he felt her milking his shaft with her sphincter. He had never felt anything like that in his life and he wished he could stay in her ass forever. Eventually they parted and moved back into the Jacuzzi.

"That was absolutely incredible."

"You did well. I expect that you will have success with your secretary. Just don't rush it. I have to get going but you can relax in the Jacuzzi if you like."

Brittany got out, dried off and put on a spa robe. She left the room and decided to check on Trace to see how he was doing with the two women. Arthur sat in the hot tub replaying the anal sex and recalling the instructions. Not in his wildest dreams did he ever think he would rim an anus. Later he got out, showered, dressed and took the package that Brittany had prepared for him. It contained the douche and massage oil. He left the spa feeling very confident.

THE LESBIANS AT THE SEX SPA

Trace greeted the two lovers when they arrived and admired them. He had not expected them to be so attractive, Briana had very short reddish blonde hair and from appearances, a shapely slender figure. Dora was very blonde and wore her hair down to her shoulders. She was also shapely and her breasts were a bit larger than Briana's. Trace listened as Briana explained what they wanted and expected from him. She clearly wore the pants in the relationship.

"So, Dora and I are both experienced with anal sex as we use our dildos on each other. I have never been with a guy but she had several times a while back. She tells me all the time how good it can feel with a guy cumming in the ass."

"Okay, as I said on the phone, I can accommodate you both."

"Right but your mouth, hands and dick are not to come in contact with our pussies. Leave our tits alone too." 

"Your wish is my command."

"Better be or I'll cut your dick off you bring that cock anywhere near my mouth or pussy."

"We are going to use the room with the mats on the floor. It will give us much more room."

"Lead the way."

Trace led the women into the room with the mats and they wasted no time getting naked. He admired both of their lovely asses. The two of them warmed up with some female foreplay as Trace disrobed. Briana got on all fours and wiggled her ass at Trace as Dora moved to the side. It was clear that she was going first. Trace's large cock was hard and stood out from his body. Looking over her shoulder Briana smiled and spoke softly as she patted her ass.

"You like?"

"Very much so, you have a beautiful ass."

"Put plenty of that oil in my ass and on your cock. I need to be well greased to take that cock of yours. It's a little bigger than our dildo."

Trace moved and got behind her. He massaged her shapely ass cheeks and molded the firm flesh in his hands. Briana shivered in anticipation and goose bumps appeared on her buttocks and thighs. He squirted the oil directly on her nether hole and pushed it in with his index finger, moving it around until his finger was gliding in and out easily. Before adding a second finger he put more lube in her ass and then inserted his middle finger along with his index finger. She cooed as she accepted the two-finger penetration and stimulation. He sawed the fingers in and out of her ass until she begged for his cock.

"Stop teasing me and get that big cock in my ass."

Briana lowered her head to the mat and turned it to one side as Trace began his journey into her ass. He pushed his hips forward as he held onto her hips and his cock bumped up against her anus. Briana gasped and placed her hand on his thigh as if to control the penetration. Another push and the cock head entered her ass.

She was holding her breath as Trace inched more and more of his cock into her anal passage. He reminded her to relax and breathe as he slowly fed his cock to her a little at a time. He eased it in and she stopped him with her hand on his thigh. He withdrew a little and then pushed some more in. He took his time and he was careful not to hurt her as her shapely ass was filled with the raging shaft.

"Oh this is something, I have never been so full. Go easy but put it all in. I want your whole cock in me. Oh Dora, wait until you feel this."

Dora was seated on the mats diddling her pussy as she watched her lover take a man in her ass for the very first time. Trace pushed once more and the final inch of his cock disappeared into her ass. He remained still for a moment and allowed her to adjust to the girth of his cock and then he began to fuck her ever so slowly. She eventually began to move her hips in an attempt to match his thrusts but it was obvious that she had been stretched to new dimensions.

She was gasping and grunting as he began to pummel her ass. Briana's hand was buried in her pussy and she was frigging herself frantically. He picked up the pace and held to her shapely buttocks as their hips slapped noisily together. She was really into it now and the two of them fucked like maniacs.

"Oh yeah that's it, that's the way to fuck my ass. Give it to me, cum in me, cum in my ass."

They were both sweating from the physical intensity of the butt fucking. He slammed into her as the cock now moved freely in her ass. He felt his ejaculation approaching. His body stiffened and he plunged his cock all the way into her gorgeous ass. Streams of semen shot into her rectum as Trace seemed to cum like a fire hose.

"Oh good, I feel it. Fill me up, fill up my ass. Oh yes, here it is, I'm cumming too!"

Her body thrashed around as Trace held onto her curvy ass cheeks and kept his cock buried in her ass. Her fingers flew over her pussy and clit as the warm seed flooded her anal passage. She then collapsed face down on the mat and the cock slipped from her ass with an audible pop. He knelt over her and let his cock glide over her buttocks dripping the remaining cum on her curvy ass. She wiggled her bottom and squealed in delight.

"Dora you were right, it is a marvelous feeling. I have to admit it. I have never been ass fucked like that." 

Dora moved over to her lover and kissed her. She used her fingers to probe Riana's ass pushing the semen back in as it seeped out. Riana rolled over and Dora ate her lover's pussy keeping a finger in her ass. Riana orgasmed again and then spoke to Trace.

"I want you to fuck Dora in the ass. I want to see you shove that big cock in her hot ass. I want you to cum in her ass like you did mine."

Trace rolled Dora over on all fours and oiled up her ass and his cock. Dora knelt on the mat with her head down and her face turned to one side with her curvy ass elevated to the level of his cock. Riana ran her hands over Dora's ass cheeks as she had done so many times and commented.

"You have one gorgeous ass babe and I am looking forward to fucking it again too."

Dora didn't understand how Riana could fuck her in the ass because they had not brought their dildos with them. Trace lined up his throbbing cock with Dora's nether hole and pressed forward watching the cock head spread her sphincter slowly and then disappear into her warm channel. Dora gasped aloud as she always did when she felt the initial penetration. He took his time and eased the big dick into her ass a little at a time. Riana watched as every inch of the cock disappeared into her lover's ass.

Trace felt the sphincter tighten around him but he started to slowly stroke in and out of the shapely bottom until all he was tightly packed up her ass. Dora began to moan and her whole body was shaking and she knew what to expect next. He began to slowly fuck her gradually increasing the length of the stroke but soon he picked up the pace and penetrated her with long hard strokes that used the entire length of his cock. Riana encouraged him.

"Oh yeah, fuck her good, fuck that ass." 

Dora was going wild as she could feel the power of the cock as it pulled out and then crashed back in as his big heavy balls bounced off her pussy. Riana moved up alongside Dora and began to play with her tits and nipples. Dora was beginning to thrash about uncontrollably, gasping and moaning with pleasure. When Riana reached underneath to stroke her clit, Dora exploded. 

Trace continued to hammer Dora's ass with long strokes until he felt that familiar tension in his balls and he knew he was close. He began to piston the raging cock harder into her hot ass in anticipation of his release. Dora was yelling and moaning as she clawed at the floor mats yelling for him to cum. He grabbed onto the shapely globes and slammed full force into her until he shot his wad in her ass. Trace could not believe the amount of cum that he unloaded in her rectum given that it was his second time. 

Dora was on all fours with seed oozing from her anus. Riana was caressing and kissing her lover when Brittany entered the room. Both lesbians stared at Brittany and salivated over the beautiful blonde. Riana asked.

"Who are you?"

"I'm Trace's partner, Brittany. I was just checking on how things were going. It looks like you're done."

"We don't have to be. Want to join us?"

"That was not part of the arrangement but why not?' I'll go get some toys."

Brittany returned with two double headed dildos. It was amazing how real they looked in the flesh color. They were both about 16" long and each end was separated by a pair of fake balls in the center. Brittany dropped her robe and the two lovers let out a gasp. Brittany moved to them and stretched out on the mat. The women were all over her kissing her lovely breasts and working their way down to her tasty pussy. Trace looked on as his partner was devoured by the lesbian lovers.

Riana put one dildo end in her pussy and Dora did the same with the other dildo. Then they got on either side of Brittany and had her lay on her side. Riana pushed the other end of her dildo into Brittany's pussy and Dora got behind Brittany and shoved her dildo into Brittany's ass as Riana directed. The three of them then fucked each other until they all came again. Dora had her orgasm before Brittany and Riana came.

Then Dora moved to her back, following Riana's orders and the fantastic body of Brittany straddled Dora's body. Riana guided the fake cock into Brittany's pussy as Brittany lowered herself onto the rubber cock. The other end was buried to the hilt in Dora's pussy. Dora reached up and played with Brittany's tits and Brittany played with Dora's firm tits. Riana then moved in behind Brittany and eased the other end of her dildo into Brittany's ass.

Trace's cock was raging hard again as he watched the three women begin to fuck each other again. Although Brittany didn't do much since Riana and Dora were doing all the moving. He walked around, knelt over Dora's head as he offered his cock to Brittany's mouth. She instinctively took the cock in her mouth. 

Dora came first that time and her lithe body thrashed around underneath Brittany. Riana then came next and she wrapped her arms tightly around Brittany's body. Riana cried out and her entire body rocked in orgasm as she held herself tightly against Brittany's back. Trace came in Brittany's mouth with cum and she instinctively swallowed his load. The four of them were absolutely drained. Riana was the first to speak.

"Do you have a Jacuzzi in this place."

"Of course, come with me and I'll show you where it is."

The three women left the room and Brittany led the way to the Jacuzzi room. They didn't bother with clothes as there was no one else in the spa. Trace tidied up the other room and then brought the women's clothes to the locker room. Later Briana and Dora would shower dress and leave the spa feeling very fulfilled. Riana was pleased as the sensation of a guy cumming in her ass was everything Dora said it would be. 

Trace and Brittany were ready to call it a day. They showered, dressed and decided to go out for dinner. They had a delicious meal and enjoyed a bottle of wine. Back home they were ready to get a good night's sleep as they had had enough sex for the day. There were no clients scheduled for Sunday so it would be a relaxing day and time to enjoy each other. On Monday they had meetings with potential new clients but no appointments for sex.

THE NEW PROSPECTS

On Monday Trace and Brittany met with potential new clients. One couple were going on a swinger's cruise and it would be their first-time swinging. They opted for the cruise since it would be impossible for them to back out once on the ship. They wanted to have sex with another couple in the same room as they had never done that before. They were thrilled that Trace and Brittany could accommodate them and they were taken with Spa owners good looks. Arrangements were made and they would return on Wednesday. 

The other prospect was an attractive 36-year-old married woman who desired to have group sex with three men at the same time. It was always a fantasy of hers but she didn't want to include her husband and didn't want him to know. Brittany assured her that she could round up two other virile men in addition to Trace. The woman, Adeline, was immediately drawn to Trace. Addy, as she preferred to be called, would return on Friday. However, she was curious about the size of Trace's cock and asked to see it.

Trace stood up and dropped his pants and underwear. Even soft, his cock looked imposing but it wasn't soft for long. Brittany gave Addy permission to touch it and suck it if she wanted. Addy did just that and she proved to be an excellent cock sucker. It was Trace's first ejaculation of the day and he fired a barrage into her mouth. Addy was unphased by the force and volume of his release and swallowed every drop of his seed. She kept the cock in her mouth until the shaft had been drained and Trace backed away.

"You are very accomplished Addy, not many women can handle my first load like that."

"You have a marvelous cock and I loved sucking it. Will the other men be as big?"

Brittany answered, "Not quite but very close."

"I am really looking forward to Friday."

"Be here around 10:00 AM. I guarantee that you will have a fantastic day."

Addy nodded and left the Spa. Trace had already pulled up his pants and he flopped back in the chair. He let out a sigh and spoke.

"She really gives good head."

"She is very fit and has a nice figure too. I think you guys will like her ass. It is very curvy."

"Who did you have in mind to join us on Friday?"

"Adam and Frank, if they are available. I'll have to remind them to save themselves for her and you should too. I want her to leave her with three massive loads of cum in her ass, pussy and belly."

"It is going to be quite something. You should film it and give her a DVD."

"I will. Let's get a coffee and then sit in the Jacuzzi. We don't have any more prospects today."

They went upstairs to make lattes and remove their clothes. Only wearing robes, they took the lattes to the Jacuzzi room and entered the hot tub naked. Once they relaxed and finished their coffees, they were in the mood for jacuzzi sex. Brittany slid over to him and moved in front. He reached around and fondled her lovely tits and rubbed her pussy.

It did not take long before she faced him, straddled him and lowered her pussy onto to his stiff dick. She loved the way it filled her and she rocked back and forth on him. Her first orgasm, a mild one hit her quickly but she kept going. He was glad that he had already cum once so his release was not imminent. Brittany rode him until her climax rocked her body and she went limp against him. He held her and caressed her lovely bottom and she slowly recovered.

"I didn't bring the lube. Let's go to the massage room and you can fuck my ass."

They got out dried off and donned the robes. Once in the massage room, Brittany slipped off the robe and lay on the massage table. Trace loved to massage her fantastic body and it was always good foreplay before anal sex.
