 My story took place while I was at a business trip, giving seminars for my company last summer. 

I had been on the road for nearly three weeks and the closest thing to sex I had was a date with my fingers during a hot telephone call with my husband back home. 

I had never been away from Marc this long before, and I looked forward to our nightly phone calls to cheer me up. 

We had been married for close to eight years and in that time one learns to tell via subtle nuances in your partner's voice, just how well things are going. 

In this case Marc could see right through me and realized that I was not doing as fine as I pretended to be. 

I still had another four weeks to go and began dreading the thought of being without him for so long, that I would often break down and cry before hanging up the phone. 

He said that he couldn't sleep sometimes worrying about how miserable I was and promised to come up with some way to brighten my trip somehow. Little did I know to what extent he would go in order to insure my happiness. 

On one such telephone call, many of which lasted for hours on end, Marc suggested something that nearly made me fall out of bed! 

He told me that if it would help me pass the time we were apart, that he would agree to my being with other men as long as I told him everything that happened. 

I couldn't believe my ears ... and told him I had no interest in being with anyone else but him, and that I could wait if need be. But he continued telling me that he would feel better knowing that I wasn't sitting in a hotel room crying night after night. 

He went on to assure me that our love was strong enough to allow for such a thing, and insisted that I at least consider it. I know some women would call that a dream come true but I was genuinely disinterested. 

I love my husband and he is the only man I will ever love, so the idea seemed ludicrous. Nonetheless he urged me to give it a try for his piece of mind, so I gave him the standard female uncommitted response and said "maybe". I'm 

only 33 years old and by most standards, my appearance would be considered above average, and 

I've always had my share of men hitting on me. So it wasn't the fear of rejection that kept me from agreeing ... it was more the fear of breaking some hidden bond between Marc and I. I felt that our relationship was somehow dependent on being able to say I had never been with any other man since we had met. 

At any rate I decided to sleep on it and leave any serious pondering until the next day. After I hung up the phone I 

poured myself a warm bath and settled in for another two-finger tango to satisfy my more urgent needs. I pushed in for some soft music from the hotel switchboard, lit a few complimentary candles that were on a table in the room and slid beneath the bubbles to forget everything for a while. 

I closed my eyes and thought of Marc and how wonderful he made me feel when he was inside of me, and soon my fingers had found their way to that spot between my thighs. 

Somehow I couldn't forget Marc's suggestion, and maybe it was the candlelight or the effect of my efforts on myself, but gradually his proposal didn't seem all that strange after all. 

I mean most women in my shoes may have had a brief affair after 8 years of marriage, but not me... So maybe I deserved a little treat? After all it had been Marc's suggestion. I increased the speed of my fingers over the nub of my clitoris as I tried to imagine what it would be like to have another man inside of me. I tried to imagine what it would be like with a stranger, and I must say the thought began to excite me in a way I could never have imagined.

I actually had two breath taking orgasms as I lay soaking in the bath. The next day my schedule was booked solid and I returned to my room exhausted, and only able to find the energy for our phone call. 

I explained to Marc that I had thought about his suggestion and if he still wanted me to, I would be willing to try. He again shocked me by telling me that not only did he want me to, but that he would actually find it arousing to hear about my adventure. I was tingling inside in an odd way ... thinking that my being with another man would somehow affect Marc like that. 

I asked him to explain what exactly would turn him on. While he spoke he told me to lie flat on my back, close my eyes and touch myself. 

I eagerly obeyed, and listened to him as he conjured up potential scenes he would enjoy hearing about. This was so new and yet so fascinating that I told him to keep talking, and he could tell by my heavy breathing that I was enjoying it. 

The following day I finished early in the afternoon and had that night and the whole next morning before another 

onslaught of scheduled events. So by the end of the day my thoughts were already churning with the excitement of 

the nights possibilities. I hurried out of the convention center and into a waiting cab that sped me off to my hotel. 

Once at the hotel I quickly paid the driver and he flashed me a curious smile that added to my excitement, and I turned and hurried toward the elevator. 

Any woman who doesn't know the feeling of having their husband allow them this freedom is missing the treat of a lifetime. Never had I imagined being this aroused in public! 

It seemed as though every man now took on a sensuous ardor as I viewed them through newly liberated eyes, knowing that I could, without guilt, allow them to enter my most private of areas at anytime I so desired. 

I spent the next few hours getting ready. I bathed quickly avoiding the temptation to slide my hand between my thighs and satisfy myself. 

After attending to my hair, which thank God seemed to manage itself, I dressed slowly, paying close attention to perfuming those parts that I was sure would be receiving special attention tonight. 

I put on a bit more makeup than usual, but without over doing it, and when I was sure that I was as pretty as I felt, I removed my wedding bands and placed them thoughtfully in a small case inside my overnight bag. 

I thought of Marc and how much I loved him for allowing me to explore this side of my being, and how I was going to make him very pleased that he had awaken this feeling in me. 

One more quick look and out the door I went, heading toward the elevator, I could sense myself moistening with each step. I took the elevator to the hotel lobby and decided to start my little escapade at one of the several bars that were located inside the hotel. 

I took my place at an empty stool before the bar, ordered a drink and took a casual glance around the place. There 

were plenty of men and a few women, none of whom I recognized as anyone on my seminar tour. I preferred that since I didn't want anything that happened tonight following me home after my trip was over. I had already decided not to involve anyone I might potentially have contact with again. 

This all added to the excitement, I had never had sex with anyone that I hadn't known, so the prospect of opening myself to a complete stranger was a foreign and tantalizing vision for me to savor. 

I hadn't taken more than a few sips of my drink before an attractive man who appeared to be in his early forties approached me. He asked me if I was waiting for someone. I told him no, and flashing a quick smile, I explained that I was just winding down.  

He stood next to me through some idle introductory questions, telling me his name (which was ironically "Marc") before asking if I cared to have some company. I told him that would be fine and he quickly slid onto the stool beside me, switching into that casual "gee I'm really interested in your job" mode of conversation that so many men still think fools us women. 

I was impressed by the acting anyway, and could feel his tension as his eyes strained to refrain from dropping to my cleavage. It was also an opportunity for me to display my empty ring finger to encourage his advances. 

We continued talking for a while before another man who entered the lounge joined him. He was introduced as Cal and they explained their corporate affiliations, and how they were in town for a sales presentation. 

Neither needed to sell me on anything as I felt my legs shiver in sexual arousal but I remained coy and innocently played along, enjoying the warmth of both their gazes. 

After a bit I excused myself to go the restroom, giving them an opportunity to talk shop... But I knew they would be watching my every move until I disappeared behind the pink door of the ladies room. 

I powdered and perfumed and fidgeted with my dress before returning to find that they had now taken places on either side of my stool. I slid between them warmed by their presence surrounding me. 

As the night wore on we all began to get a little tipsy and loose, and the topic eventual led to likes and dislikes and from there easily slid to the topic of sex. 

They both were getting rather bold starting with an occasional touch on the shoulder and eventually taking turns placing their hands around my waist during bursts of laughter. 

Marc excused himself and went to the restroom, while Cal's arm remained around my waist. As soon as he had disappeared Cal's hand slid down to rest on the small of my back and began rubbing me there as he told me how attractive I was. We stared into each other's eyes and he leaned over and kissed me. 

I parted my lips and let his tongue find its way into my mouth, where they met each other, lightly, before I pulled back and smiled. "We better behave ourselves, " I said teasingly. 

"We wouldn't want to make Marc feel left out, now would we?" He began to speak, but I hushed him as Marc rounded the corner and walked toward us. 

I sensed Cal's impatience and loved it, and I continued our conversation right where it had been interrupted my Marc's departure. 

I was so enthralled by my new found suitors that I hadn't notice the time passing, I noticed that we were the only customers left in the lounge. 

The bartender whose attention was turned to a movie playing on the television behind the bar wasn't paying much attention to us by then. 

It was Cal who first had the nerve to slide his hand from my knee (slowly upward) until his fingers found my warm pubic mound. I smiled and glanced at Marc who stared at the sight of Cal's hand moving under my skirt. 

He looked up to meet my eyes in astonishment. "Your friend seems to know what he wants..." I chuckled, and blinking, I asked. 

"Do you?" I leaned toward him and we kissed deeply while Cal's fingers found their way between my hot folds and ran their way up and down them. 

"I most certainly do!" he replied as we parted our lips. 

I slid my arm around Cal and said, "Well then why don't you grab a bottle of wine and meet us upstairs in about ...oh fifteen minutes?" My voice quivered from nervousness. 

I glanced up at Cal who now removed his hand from under my skirt and had grabbed his overcoat from the stool beside him. The men smiled at each other as I recited the room number to Marc then I realized the irony of what I had said ..."2469". 

"I'll be there!" said Marc, still befuddled and sporting a bulge in his pants, which he attempted to conceal by buttoning his suit coat. 

I dragged Cal to the elevator with me, trading glances with each other until the door slid open and we entered. 

Once inside our lips met again and his hand slid down behind me and hiked up my dress. He ran his strong hand over my bottom and then around to the front zeroing in on the warmth of my bush. 

I arched back and into the wall and let his fingers slip into me. I was in ecstasy at the feeling of this strange man's fingers in me. 

I could easily have allowed myself to cum as his thumb pressed against my clit and his other fingers circled the edge of my opening. 

Fortunately we soon reached my floor and the feeling was prolonged as we straightened up and waited for the door to open. 

The hall before us was vacant and we stepped off the elevator onto the plush carpet. Cal continued to grope my breast. As we walked toward my room we stopped several times to probe each other's mouths. 

Cal's hands slid below my dress and moved up to my waist pulling me into him. 

I had never felt such a rush of total abandon ... as I stood there in the hallway with a man I just met. 

I felt his eyes feast on my body as I turned and snuggled my bare bottom up to the bulge that was now becoming noticeably moist in his pants. 

He kissed my neck from behind and kneaded my breasts as my mind spun at the sheer newness of the experience. 

I arched my back creating a space between us that allowed my hand to slide behind and after a little fumbling, I undid his zipper and slid my hand inside reemerging with his stiffened penis in my hand. I pressed back again and its hardness fit itself into the crack of my butt so nicely. 

I wiggled and moaned then grabbed his hand again and tugged him further down the hall. What a sight we would have been if anyone had come into the hall at that moment. 

I had to grab the wall and drop the purse when I felt his hand on my back and I leaned against the door and spread my legs as he guided his cock up and down until it popped into my warm wetness from behind. 

I moaned loudly as he fucked me gently at first... then the pace quickened to a slight frenzy as I pushed back from the door to meet his thrusts. After a few moments I gasped, begging him to let me to unlock the door. 

We paused for a moment and his cock withdrew. I fumbled with the keys and the door creaked open just as the elevator sounded and we heard the familiar slide of its doors as they opened. 

We quickly pushed our way in and without even closing the door tumbled onto the bed where his weight pressed me downward against the flowered bed spread. 

I stay there, the palms of my hands flat against the bed, as he stood up and unbuckled his pants and stepped out of them. 

In another moment he had mounted me again, his erect cock penetrating my pussy as I hiked my bottom up to greet it. 

I clenched my eyes shut and my fists gripped the bed spread as he rocked my body ferociously with each thrust driving his thick cock deeper and deeper into me until I felt he would split me in two. 

I am not typically a "moaner" or a "screamer" but the violence and passion of his force caused short bursts of air to escape my lungs causing me to whimper loudly. 

My husband is a relatively gentle man and so I was completely overwhelmed by Cal's animal brutality, how different it was from what my tight little cunt had grown accustomed to. 

I gripped the bed tighter and our motions grew to a frenzied pitch as our bodies thrashed forward and back slamming together. 

My head reeled and I wondered how long I could take it before my bottom became bruised from the delightfully violent pounding it was taking. 

I felt something press down on the bed before me and snapped my eyes open to find myself staring at yet another thick fluid laden penis dancing to the rhythm of a man's fist just before my face. 

I looked up and saw Marc's grimacing face as he rapidly jerked back and forth up and down his shaft. "Ohhhh God yes! uhhhhh yesssss!!" I cried. 

My lips replaced his hand as they slid over the length of his erect cock as I rocked back and forth to the rhythm of Cal's attack. 

Marc's hands gripped the back of my head and forced his length to the back of my throat with each forward rock, and I felt that surely the bed would collapse before long. 

Soon a loud high pitched groan came rippling out of Cal and I felt myself being pumped full of his silky cum. 

His cock thickened with each load he gushed forth into me, and I can honestly say it’s the first time I could truly feel the heat of a mans sperm as it filled my tender interior. 

I released Marc’s cock and dropped my head to the bed again as I felt the last of Cal's pressure swell the walls of my pussy and like an electric shock, an orgasm welled within me as I let out a squeal from my mouth against the bed. 

I took a deep breath and heard the men talking. The two men spoke briefly to each other and I felt soon Cal pressing his lips against mine and telling me to have a wonderful evening, then with a smile he faded and I heard the door close. 

"Are you ready for another ride?" Marc's voice pierced the silence. 

I could only utter the word "Please!" and immediately his manly cock was searching out the entrance to my already full cum-chamber. 

He slid the tip of his cock up then down and it found its mark forcing air out in a quick blurt. 

He sank every inch into me, and after several thrusts it became apparent that my cunt was too slick and swollen from Cal to really cause much friction. 

So I reached down and scooped up some of Cal's cum that had drooled upon the bed and reached behind me to smear it over my anus. "Try there" I said. 

"Mmmm I know you'll like that..." I let out a drowsy giggle and felt Marc pull out of my pussy and guide the tip of his cum covered cock up to meet my coated back door. 

He gently pressed the head into me and I let out a sharp whine as he pushed into me. 

I spread my knees further and pressed back into him easing his length inside. Once he was completely buried in me he took over and within minutes was ramming my bottom nearly as violently as Cal had violated my cunt. 

My back arched and I met his thrusts with mine, forcing his cock to drive inward to its full length each time. 

Although I enjoy it, I never orgasm as a result anal sex so I brought my hand up and began rubbing my clit vigorously and felt one quickly approaching, but held back until I knew Marc was ready. 

Maybe it was my need to feel the next orgasm tear through me so badly, but it seemed as though Marc churned inside of my ass forever. 

Eventually I was rewarded and my orgasm was flowed to completion along with that of Marcs hot spunk as it made its pulsating way deep into my rectum. 

Afterwards we both lay on the bed panting and Marc's softening tool slithered gently out of me, allowing it rest limply in my moistened crack. 

I felt his kiss on the back of my neck and heard him explain his reasons for having to leave (as though I had wanted him to stay) I chuckled to myself. 

We said our good-byes and I walked him to the door kissing him long and hard before closing it behind him. I returned to the bed and positioned myself upright at the headboard. 

I pulled my knees up and spread them and let my fingers find their way down to the milky mess below. 

I darted my fingers in and out of both slippery orifices eventually kneading my clit until I exploded once again with the thought of my two lovers fresh in my mind. 

With a trembling hand I picked up the telephone receiver and my finger glistened as I pressed out my home phone number to call the only man I would ever truly love.