 My chin was dipped down almost to my chest as I kept my eyes averted from the screen before me. I pointedly stared at my lap, allowing my eyes to travel to my chest that rose and fell with harried breaths, almost imagining I could see my heart th-thump, th-thumping against my skin. I glanced over to my friend Tracy who sat wide eyed and with jaw slightly dropped, her tongue occasionally escaping to trace over her lips unconsciously, as those big, pale, blue eyes stayed glued on the screen. With my friend so preoccupied with the screen I dared to look over her body, where she sat curled on the floor, her chest rising and falling almost as quickly as my own. My eyes lingered on her breasts; they were small, barely a handful, but well shaped her body athletic and toned from years of cross country, although her boyish t-shirt did more to hide the gentle slopes from my eyes than it did to help. 

As I traced my eyes back up from her breasts, I accidentally came upon those blue eyes staring back at me, her lips still parted and inviting. My face shifted to an almost pained look as I made a sound low in my throat then turned back to the screen, trying to carefully catch my breath and control my breathing so that it wouldn't be this loud and labored thing; although if I listened closely there were two other panting breaths filling the dark room.

I squirmed on my perch, shifted to get more comfortable on the muscled legs below me, unwittingly grinding myself on to his lap and brushing the under slopes of my breasts against the arm wrapped around my waist, one of my nipples dragging along that arm as it tightened around me, my breath coming out stuttered in response. 

I was pulled from my reverie as I made a surprised sound, suddenly my attention drawn to the body brushing up against my legs and John's legs below my own. Tracy's hand on the arm of the chair, her weight shifting the chair only slightly as she pulled herself up, then sat herself into my lap facing the desk. My arms moved instinctively to wrap around her waist and hold her on the precarious perch that was my lap as it squirmed again to try to accommodate the new, soft body upon it. For just a moment, without knowing it, I was in heaven.

All of our faces were turned forward now, our eyes locked on the screen, moving left to right as we ate up the delicious and erotic writings of the story before us, the deep panting breaths all the more evident as my breasts rose and fell to brush against Tracy's back, while John's strong chest did the same, pressing against my own back. I could feel the heat of her thighs and lap in waves against my arms that remained locked tight over her waist and around her slim hips. I shivered beneath her, my whole body trembling and into her and against John. Years later I would look back on this moment and realize how repressed my sexuality was then, and how terrified I was of just allowing myself to be turned on by the moment; even ignoring that they were similarly as turned on as I was.

-------------------------------=

I felt John's lips press to the slope of my shoulder and neck, where it peeked out from the collar of my t-shirt. I reveled in the texture and smoothness of those lips as they pressed soft, un-insistent kisses to my skin, my senses felt heightened by the sheer erotic and taboo nature of this moment. Closing my eyes as I swallowed reflexively, trying to build the courage I sought to have... the courage I needed. With eyes still softly shuttered and closed, my arms began to draw away from Tracy's waist, removing their hold and warmth from her waist and hips, although my much larger breasts stayed pressed against her back, my nipples tight from the warmth they collected there. Her hands went down to grab at my slowly fleeting arms, her grab pleading and insistent that my arms not leave her, though the dark, screen-illuminated room stayed silent, not a word spoken the whole time after the joking and teasing subsided and our eyes become intent on the screen only, the silence hung thick in the air as though you could taste it. She didn't turn around to look at me, and I didn't explain my motives to her. I just tugged my arms against her grip once then again as it loosened, pulling them away, her back hunching forward as her shoulders turned in from the loss of contact. 

Although my arms never fully pulled away, instead my smooth hands and red nails slipped up, cupping to the sides of her torso smoothing up to their goal, her body shivering and convulsing slightly in my lap in response to what must have been a tickling sensation from the path my hands made. Finally my hands came to her breasts, the small globes filling my small palms perfectly as if they were made for them, a grateful moan leaving my lips and shattering the thick silence around us. My palms supported the underside of the round breasts, as my thumbs traced lazily in circles around her nipples and areolas, her nipples peaked and at attention already. John's much larger hands mirrored my own, pulling my breasts a little reluctantly away from the warmth of Tracy's back with just a soft insistent tug at my sides before his hands came up and overflowed with my breasts now. 

His strong, long fingered hands squeezed and kneaded at my breasts, the sensation of his kneading and my circling thumbs became overwhelming and confused in my head as my thumbs lost their rhythm and eventually gave up, then mimicking John's hand by kneading and squeezing at the breasts filling my own palms. Tracy made a sound like a purr that vibrated through her, first into my palms then down her body into my lap, where she squirmed and pressed her tail bone into the very top of my pussy, my legs widening as if it were the magic button to some doorway, my own much softer, thicker ass squirming back to straddle the hardening length below it with its plush cheeks. 

As John's lips returned to my neck and then to my back and shoulders, my own lips followed his lead leaning forward to brush over Tracy's skin. She smelled so ... soft, and sweet, and tender. It was so rare that I could get this close to another girl. So many different smells and sensations; their soft skin, their gentle smell, the way her hair brushed over my forehead and eyes as I kissed her neck. I breathed a content sigh along her skin as I paused in my kisses, my hands tightening their grip possessively on her breasts for just a moment. This was mine, for just a moment. 

With that squeeze Tracy began to pull away from us, she stood, even maneuvering out of my groping hands as they tried to pull her back; my face and eyes were a little panicked for the moment that she would leave us and end our play, but then shortly after that she would run from the room and go screaming to all the school the next day about what a dyke and pervert I was, while John would probably be patted on the back. 

As my mind raced, she slowly turned towards us, my eyes moving to look at her face, expecting to see disgust or humor at some big joke she was playing on me. But instead, with her chin dipped down and her eyes not looking at me, a faint pink blush on her usually rosy cheeks, she begin to unfasten her jeans. Her lithe fingers making short work of the button and zipper, then parting the two side away, revealing plain white bikini cut panties that hugged her hips and –as she rocked her hips out of the jeans- outlined the curve of her bare pussy, hugging to the lips and a little transparent where a spot of wetness had formed. I sucked in my breath. John's cock twitched beneath me. We both sat perfectly still as our surely-wide eyes took in all the details of the moment. 

Still transfixed on her, she grabbed at the hem of her shirt pulling it off deftly, quickly baring her slim figure and those rosy peaked breasts to my eyes. My face was a mixture between awe and almost pain as the new experience overwhelmed me and fought with years and years of repressed urges. She sent her own small hands to mine, gripping them as she pulled me up in her soft-skinned hold. I stood before her, much taller, having to tilt my face down to see her now, only seeing the top of her head and the peaks of her features as her mouth was level with my breasts and nearly pressed to them in the tight proximity between the chair and the desk. 

Her hands released mine at my sides before moving to the fastenings of my jeans, plucking at them just as swiftly as she had done her own. Behind us I heard rustling and movement, the chair suddenly a bit farther away, though Tracy's expression gave nothing away as she seemed intent on undressing me. Her hands having to work a bit more to tug at my tight jeans as they fit more snuggly on my curved body than her jeans had on her athletic one. 

As my jeans fell to the floor I stepped out of them, even kicking them away reflexively. My hands went to her hips, brushing over the cotton that hugged them and dipping thumbs into the elastic, not pulling them down but just resting there for the moment, her face brushing my breasts with her cheeks and chin accidentally as she continued to look down and go about her work. 

Her hands hooked thumbs into my own cotton panties, although not stopping there as they tugged them down and let them fall to my feet on the floor. I stood bare from the pelvis down, my large t-shirt hovering just over the top of my pussy and the bottom curve of my ass. Her fingers tickled up my abdomen and stomach then ribs, having to fit her arms between mine where they stayed hooked to her panties as her hands finally came to my breasts, my t-shirt bunched on her arms. 

Feeling the warmth of her smooth hands as they tried so hard to hold on to my breasts that had overflowed even John's much larger hands, I weaved a little in place. Before I could get used to or revel in the sensation, she pushed my back by the hold on my breasts, my hands leaving her hips as they groped air in my trip backwards, my knees bending as a bumped into the chair; I landed with a heavy press of my naked ass to the burning hot skin of John's released cock as it seemed to fit perfectly, and snuggly along the crevice between my ass cheeks. 

As I squirmed for a moment, trying to get a handle on the situation again, John bucked me up with his thighs as his arm went around my waist while I hovered in mid air before him. His other hand went to right the length of his member positioning it up in the brief seconds this little ballet transpired and then flexed his arm to pull me down deftly positioning me to be impaled on his thick and long cock, sliding in easily with my sex so wet and aroused from the sensuality of the moment. 

Tracy stepped forward, straddling her toned thighs over mine and John's as they lay layered beneath her. Her knees hugged to our waists, her calves pressed to the cushion of the chair, her arms moving to my shoulders, hanging her wrists on them loosely as her fingers hooked behind my neck; all I could do is stare dumbly up at her, a vision of pale flesh, dark hair, long straight hair, and those blue, blue eyes that looked so calm and cool. 

My face remained in awe and disbelief as one hand went to cup her hip, the other smoothed its palm along her silken thigh, stretching out two fingers without thought as they slid towards her panties. John's hands moved to the curves of my hips, squeezing their round contours for a moment before he lifted me up, much stronger than his slim body eluded to, the movement causing my legs to press up in between Tracy's spread thighs, and jarring my hand forward to bump finger tips into her slick lips, pressing her panties into them. We both moaned with surprised pleasure. 

I hurriedly hooked her panties aside with my thumb before I could be jarred again, and then fitted the tips of my fingers against the opening of her sex. Just then I felt John's grip on my hips tighten as a momentary and unconscious warning before I was forcefully slammed back down onto his rigid length, the sudden movement again jarred my fingers forward impaling my fingers into Tracy's warm, smooth, wet lips. We both threw our heads back in tandem, mine resting on John's shoulder behind me, my cheek brushing his, hers nearly toppling her back as my free hand moved to her lower back to compensate and my upturned fingers hooked up as though I would hold on to her by her pussy. That was all it took.

She screamed then. An almost terrible but wonderful sound clawing from her throat, shocking in the deaf silence that had hung about us this whole time, I felt her inner walls convulse and hug around my fingers, so tight. She rocked and shivered, my arm straining to hold her as she weaved boneless now on top of my body. 

John waited no more, beginning to force my hips up and down, pounding me on to him hard and fast, my fingers hammering in and out of the now soaking pussy they were buried in, trying to match the rhythm of the cock below me. 

There we were, entwined and picturesque as we all fit like a puzzle together, the hard and fast pace only able to last for a few moments as we were all so ready, willing, and in need before it had even begun. We came in great shouts, long woeful moans and shaking bodies. Ending in a pile all hunched into each other and pressing John into the back of the chair, our upper bodies damp with sweat and our lower bodies damp with other things... 

And as if on cue, the evening ended with three fulfilled sighs.