 It was a Sunday afternoon and just a few hours before the big football game later on tonight. Brittany was taking a warm shower to clean herself of her own brother’s cum. The two have been fucking like wild animals since Saturday afternoon. This was the first time Brittany had some rest from their continuous fucking. But that was soon to change.

Jeff walks into the bathroom in nothing but a towel. Brittany saw the mysterious shadow figure and knew it had to be Jeff. She immediately opens the shower curtains and Jeff drops his towel. His massive dick, hard as a rock, waiting for Brittany’s attention.

“Well come on in,” Brittany invites Jeff taking hold of him by his huge dick. She starts stroking it as Jeff enters the shower with her.

They lock lips and kiss each other deeply. Their tongues went into each other’s mouths as their hands explore one another body. Her enormous breasts smash up against Jeff’s torso and covering parts of his stomach as well. His equally enormous dick was press hard against Brittany’s stomach and the swollen cockhead poked at the bottoms of her breasts.

Brittany broke the kiss and got down to her knees. She gently eases her brother’s big dick between her lips. Giving him long and hard sucks as the water sprays down on their hot and horny naked bodies. Brittany’s hands squeezes Jeff’s ass as she deep throats as much of his big dick she can handle.

Jeff could feel his cockhead rubbing up against the back of her throat and hitting against her tonsils. He runs his fingers through her wet and straight hair. He takes hold of the back of her head and starts to thrust his cock in and out of her mouth. His big dick was pressing against Brittany’s cheeks, pushing them outwards and forming cock molds. Her huge titties were swaying and brushing against Jeff’s legs. He removes one of his hands from her head and reaches down to take hold of her left breast and give it a few rough squeezes.

Brittany felt she was going to gag as her brother’s huge dick was going further and deeper down her shinny throat. Her nose was buried in his wet pubic hairs and his big heavy balls were inches away from her chin. She pops the cock out of her mouth as watches it drips with her saliva. She kisses and sucks on the swollen cockhead. Lashing her tongue out on his pee hole.

“OOOOWWW Britt. Mmmmm. Feels so good,” moans Jeff now fondling both her huge breasts with both hands. Pinching and pulling at her fat nipples.

Brittany lifted her breasts up and wraps them around his big dick. His cock was completely smothered in her bosoms. The feel of her wet and pale skin against his hard massive cock was sending Jeff over the edge. He helps her squeeze her spongy titties around his cock and start to bounce them up and down furiously. She gave Jeff a real quick tit fuck before resuming sucking his cock.

After a few more minutes of sucking his dick, she gets up and turns her back towards Jeff. He positions his huge dick at her pussy and rubs her clit with the head. Her enormous breasts just hung down her chest, swaying back and forth like windshield wipers.

Jeff starts to thrust his cock inside his sister’s cunt. Gripping Brittany’s waist and plowing his meaty cock in and out.

“AAAHHH! Oh yes. OOOOOH! Fuck me Jeff. Fuck me hard. OOOOOWWW!” Moaned Brittany as she felt her brother’s dick ram itself deeper and harder inside her tight cunt.

Jeff felt her pussy walls closing themselves around his cock. Tightening real hard around his massive dick. Her thighs were quivering at the force of his pounding. Her big ass jiggled obscenely at Jeff and he took his hands from her waist and squeezes her ass. Spreading her cheeks apart, he spit down into her asshole and stuffs his thumb deep in her rectum.

“AAAAHHH! UUUGGGHHH!!” Cried Brittany feeling both of her holes being plow by her brother.

He fucks her nice and hard for a few more minutes until she finally had a series of orgasms and came long and hard down her brother’s big dick and balls. Jeff pulls his cock out and sprays her backside in large amounts of cum.

Brittany turns back around as Jeff was jerking his cock to empty his balls and gave him another passionate kiss. She then steps out of the shower and puts her towel on. The towel was stretch from her body due to her massive breasts just jutting out and hanging to her ribcages. Just the sight of Brittany was turning Jeff on even more. He watches her leave the bathroom and starts to take his own shower.

Brittany was dress wearing nothing but a football jersey of her favorite team, the Dallas Cowboys and men’s boxers. She wanted to look sexy for Jeff’s friends. Jeff arrives downstairs a half an hour later, brushing his hair and carrying his car keys.

“Where are you going?” Brittany asks.

“I need to go pick up some supplies for the game. I see you look very comfortable,” Jeff says with a smile.

“But of course,” she replies.

“You do know that the cowboys suck ass right and that there not playing tonight?”

“So. I’m not a front person. I stick with my team even if they’re not good this year. And I don’t have any other jerseys.”

Suddenly the doorbell rings. “I’ll get it,” Brittany said.

She walks over to the door and opens it. It was Trishelle and Danielle, wearing the same jersey that Brittany had on.

“Glad you girls could make it but the game isn’t until tonight?” Said Brittany looking at them suspiciously.

“Well Britt. We didn’t get to see Jeff all week and since he is leaving tomorrow, he decided to come early to see him,” Danielle said. She and Trishelle walk into Brittany’s house just as Jeff was coming from around the corner.

“JEFF!!!” The twins shouted. They both ran up to him and gave him a huge hug.

“Hi girls?” Jeff said in a curious tone but then realize that both girls had large breasts and they press up against his chest.

“Mmmmm. Nice to feel... I mean see you girls again,” Jeff said.

“Wow. Aren’t you a gorgeous one? And Brittany has been keeping you away from us,” said Trishelle. 

“Yeah. All week,” Danielle replies.

“Awe. I’m sorry girls. Wish I had more time to chat but I’m leaving tomorrow. Why don’t you girls watch the game with us? I’m sure Brittany wouldn’t mind. I mean, it was only going to be two of my closest friends, Brittany and me. You guys might want to keep her company and out of trouble tonight,” Jeff said.

“We know. That’s why Brittany invited us over to watch the game tonight,” said Danielle.

“Great. Well I need to be going to the store so I can get some food and drinks. I’ll talk to you girls when I get back.”

“Wait Jeff. Why don’t Brittany go and you stay here to keep us company,” said Trishelle, licking her lips at Jeff and probing his body with her eyes.

“Yeah. That would be a good idea,” agrees Danielle.

“Well ladies. It’s up to Britt. I mean. If she wants to go?” Jeff tells them.

“Sure. Fine. Just to get me out of my own house. I’ll go,” Brittany agrees. She marches upstairs to change clothes and then returns downstairs to get Jeff’s money and heads to the store.

“Well she won’t be back for a good half an hour. Why don’t we catch up on old times?” Trishelle said moving her hands up and down Jeff’s chest. 

Danielle got on her knees and unzips his jeans.

“Hey! What are you girls doing?” Jeff asks in a serious tone.

“Relax Jeff. We’re giving you our going away present,” Trishelle tells him as she kisses him on the lips and slides her tongue down his throat. He starts to moan in her mouth as Danielle had his growing dick in her hands.

“OH my god Trishelle! His dick is growing huge!” Said a shock Danielle, stroking his large shaft up and down. “Can’t wait to take his big boy for a ride.”

Trishelle looks down and takes the other half that Danielle can’t grip into her hand.

“God it’s so huge and beautiful Jeff,” moaned Trishelle in between kissing his neck and lips. Jeff’s hands grip onto Trishelle’s ass and squeeze it. 

Danielle takes his huge cockhead in between her lips and sucks lightly on it. Swirling her tongue around the head and flicking the tip of her tongue at his pee hole.

Jeff could feel the chills going through his body as Danielle’s tongue slithers all over his cock. Trishelle had her hand full of his balls, squeezing and kneading them. His balls were so big; they sunk through her fingers as she was fondling them.

Danielle starts to ease his massive dick into her mouth. Stilling letting her tongue probe his shaft as it disappeared more and more between her lips.

“Lets more this to the couch,” said Trishelle. She and Danielle took hold of his huge dick and led him to the couch. They push him down at the same time and starts to remove their clothes. First off came their jerseys. They wore shirts under them that stretch out far from their chests. They then lifted their shirts up, revealing four pairs of huge tits. Trishelle‘s 42DD‘s and Danielle‘s 38DD‘s. Jeff’s cock started to really harden at the sight of the twins and their separate twins. Their huge tits were the size of basketballs. No hint of sag and just jutted out of their chests. Both their areolas were tan, toppled with medium size red nipples. His mouth-water at the sight of having their delicious breasts in his mouth.

The twins kick off their shoes, showing off their “Hello Kitty” socks and drops their booty-tight shorts, revealing their matching “Hello Kitty” panties. They got on opposite sides of Jeff, pressing their large tits against his arms. They planted his face with kisses and then engage in a three-way French kiss. Licking and sucking on each other’s tongues. The twins held Jeff’s giant dick in their hands and were stroking it furiously. Jeff rolls his head back and closes his eyes, moaning loudly and breathing hard.

The twins bend down and position themselves on all fours. They each took a side of Jeff’s thick cock into their mouths. Sucking and slurping up and down his tool. Jeff had a hand on both their heads, playing with their hair as they devour his cock like wildly animals. The twins’ tongues met at the tip of his cockhead and they engage in a French kiss with his swollen massive head in their mouths. 

Jeff started gripping the couch sits and moaning deeper as his dick tingle by their mouths He loved the way Brittany’s tongue tickle his cock but two tongues are a little bit better. Both twins lick and flicker at his pee hole before traveling their tongues down to his grapefruit balls. Each taking a big nut into their mouths.

Jeff was ready to cum right then and there but wanted to hold back and give them each a full bath of cum. The twins stop sucking his balls and started to undress him. Trishelle removed his shirt and latches her mouth onto one of his nipples. Sucking and pulling on it like guys do to her nipples.

Danielle pulls down the rest of his pants, down to his ankles and leans over his lap, to undo his shoes. Her big tits smash into his legs as she got his shoes off and relives him from the rest of his jeans. 

Trishelle switch nipples on Jeff. Giving them both equals sucks and licks. Both girls rewrap his big dick in their hands and stroke it long and hard.

“Let me get on it first,” said Trishelle.

“No way. I call it first Trish.”

“So. I’m older and plus much more well looking. Not to mention my boobs are bigger.”

“Oh wow. Two minutes older and a few inch bigger. Big fucking deal? What’s your point?”

“I’m first!” Demanded Trishelle. “You sit on his face and let him eat that wonderful pussy of yours.”

Trishelle stands up and slides her panties down to her ankles and kicks them off. She then lowers her soak and wet pussy down on Jeff’s massive dick. Trishelle tosses her head back and takes his huge dick straight up into her pussy.

“AAAAHHHHHH Fucking god!” She cries. She puts her hands on Jeff’s shoulders and her huge tits bulge out towards him. She adjusted herself onto his dick until her pussy was sitting on his big balls. “Mmmmm. So fucking huge. I can feel you all the way in me,” she moans.

Trishelle starts to bounce up and down his cock. Danielle kneels beside her sister and watches her face go red and sweat pour from her forehead, thrusting down hard and deep. She slaps at her sister’s big tits to start them bouncing. Her bold pussy rubbing up and down his dark pubic hairs as it’s being stuff with his big dick. Jeff starts to thrust her up and down now, making her appetizing huge tits bounce higher and higher. He leans forward to catch one of her tits between his lips and sucks on it. Trishelle starts to lose control and bounces on his big dick wildly. Her enormous breasts beat and smash against his face while he devours them.

“OOOOOOOh fuck! Oh yesss!” Moans Trishelle as her ass jiggle rapidly bouncing off his thighs and pussy stuff with his meat.

“Ooooh. Ride him sister. Ride him hard. “ Urged Danielle, taking her panties off and positioning herself over Jeff’s head. Her ass sat on top of the couch while her pussy was above his head. Jeff stops sucking Trishelle huge sweaty and bouncing tits, to bury his face deep into Danielle’s cunt. His tongue assaulted her large clit, taking it between his teeth and nibbling it.

“Mmmmm. Oh yeeeeah. Eat my pussy,” moans Danielle rocking her pussy back and forth across his mouth, tickling his nose with her dark bush.

Trishelle was holding her own tits, stopping them from bouncing outrageously from her chest as she continues to smash down on Jeff’s huge dick. Feeling her juices flowing down his shaft and onto his balls. A powerful orgasm consumes Trishelle as she fell forwards to rest her sweaty body against Jeff. She lock her bare feet under his thighs to hold his thrusting position and she finally came hard and long. Her head rose to watch her sister’s pussy being eaten savagely by Jeff.

“Ok sis. My turn,” said Danielle. She hopes from the top of the couch and positions herself on the floor, lying on her back, spread eagle. Her pussy was soak from Jeff’s tongue and teeth abuse. Now she was ready for her massive dessert.

Trishelle slowly rose up from Jeff’s now pussy-juice glistering cock and lay on the couch, trying to catch her breath and recuperate. Jeff lowers himself between Danielle’s legs and took hold of her thick thighs. With one thrust, he stuffs her pussy with his entire dick, leaving only the balls outside her pussy walls.

“AAAAAAHHHH!! Cried Danielle feeling his giant cock throb between her pussy lips. He starts to thrust slowly and then pick up the pace. His heavy balls bounce off her pussy lips as he thrust hard and fast.

“OOOOH FUCKING GOD! OOOOH SHIT! OOOOOH!” Cried Danielle as Jeff pounds her tight cunt faster and harder. She arches her back causing her 38DD’s to jut out from her chest and at Jeff. He takes both of them in his hands and bouncing them around her chest. Watching them wobble and sway against one another as he thrust her cunt faster and faster. Danielle wraps her legs around him to keep him deep inside her. The arches of her feet beat against his lower back as he pushes in and out. Her head is tossing around like a rag doll.

Trishelle was rubbing her pussy furiously, watching Jeff fuck the shit out of her sister. Her pussy needed some more attention so she got off the couch and straddle Danielle’s face. She wraps her thighs around Danielle’s head and starts to rock back and forth, smothering her sister’s mouth with her soak cunt. Trishelle leans over and kisses Jeff, sliding her tongue between his lips. Her hands grabs Danielle’s bouncing titties and squeezes them. Rolling her hard nipples against her thumbs. Jeff does the same to Trishelle. Pinching and tugging her nipples.

Danielle eats away at her sister’s cunt. Maneuvering her tongue throughout Trishelle’s pussy and biting down on her large clitoris. She could still feel Jeff’s oversize cock plowing her pussy, ripping at her tight walls and spreading it open. Trishelle took Danielle’s ankles and held her legs spread apart, watching Jeff bounce his big balls off her pussy walls and ram his juicy cock between the lips. She took Danielle’s toes in between her lips. Sucking them one by one and then giving the big toe a mini blowjob. Trishelle repeated the foot sucking to the other foot, finally causing Danielle to toss her sister off her face and breath hard and moan as she came. 

The feet sucking cause Jeff to rapidly thrust his throbbing monster deeper into Danielle. He was breathing hard and sweating a river as he pounded himself into an orgasm and pulls his cunt-juiced cock out of Danielle’s cumming pussy and sprays his massive load across Danielle’s stomach and big tits. Trishelle lower her massive tits against her sister’s big tits as Jeff unloaded his hot cum on both sisters’ set of tits.

The twins stood up on their knees and bounce and rubs their cum cover big tits against each others. Rubbing Jeff’s thick layers of cum into their skin. Jeff’s soft was flopping between his legs, glistering with their juices.

“Lets clean up before Brittany gets home,” said Jeff.

Ten minutes later, Brittany finally arrives home with bags full of different kinds of chips and drinks.

“Soooo? What didn’t you guys talk about or should I say what didn’t you talk about?” Question Brittany.

“We behaved. I promise,” said Jeff smiling at her. “Now let’s set up. My buddies should be arriving shortly.”

It’s two-‘O’ clock in the afternoon and the game was just about to start. Jeff’s friends Randy and Tom arrived. Randy was 6’1, 265 pounds, very built and had blond curly hair. Tom was a complete opposite. 5’9, 215/210, skinny and had his blond hair shave down to a fuzz.

“Guys. Welcome,” greeted Jeff letting them into the house.

“Hey Jeffery,” said Tom.

“Tom. Please never call me Jeffery again? All right?” Jeff said in an angry tone.

“Relax man. Just messing around with you. Then again. You’re never one to mess around with,” said Tom laughing afterwards.

“WOW! Check out the babes who are joining us for the party,” said Randy.

“Those babes happen to be my sister and her two friends,” Jeff said.

“Wait! The red haired girl is Brittany? The one with the big...chest?” Question Randy.

“Yes. She never really stops growing. And why am I telling you this,” said Jeff.

“Damn. Her friends are hot too,” Tom said smiling at them.

Trishelle and Danielle gave back a mean smile to Tom but show Randy their dazzling white teeth with a huge grin.

“Why do girls show him their teeth and never me?” Asks Tom.

“Because you’re not me,” said Randy smiling.

“All right guys. Game time,” shouted Brittany.

Everyone took a sit on the couches and starts to watch the game. During some very exciting parts of the game, Brittany got a little bit rowdy and started jumping up and down, hollering real loud and hooting. Tom and Randy couldn’t keep their eyes of her massive jugs as they bounced inside her jersey. That excited their parts. Jeff too couldn’t help but notice her chest completely going wild under her jersey. He tried to cover his hard on with the potato chip bowl.

Halftime was starting and so everyone got up and stretches a little bit. Tom and Randy headed to the kitchen, plotting a little scheme.

“Let’s get those girls drunk man. Did you see the titties on them,” said Tom very excited.

“What about Jeff’s sister?” Asks Randy.

“We won’t do anything to her since she’s Jeff’s sister. I’m sure Jeff wouldn’t mind letting us take the other two off their hands for today,” said Tom.

Brittany had made a bowl of fruit punch. Randy pulls out a mysterious bottle and spikes the punch.

“This really will get the party started,” smiled Randy.

They got the girls some punch and brought it back to them.

“We thought you girls might me thirsty so we brought you some drinks,” said Tom.

“How nice of you,” said Brittany, quickly taking one out of his hands.

“NO!” Yelled Tom. “That’s not for you Britty Britt. It’s for Trishelle,” Tom said smiling at Trishelle.
