 The Frat Party was live and kicking. The rock music was blasting and drunken students hung out all over the campus grounds. Girls were flashing their assets and couples were trying to find any place empty to have sex. Brittany couldn't believe that her first Frat Party would be like this.

"Lets go inside," James told Brittany as he took her by the hand and led her through the crowd of noisy partiers outside.

As Brittany and James entered the house, it was no different than from outside. The people were stupidly drunk and stoned off their asses. Couples were out in the open having sex like wild jackrabbits. Even strangers who didn't know each other were fucking all over the house.

"Looks like we came at a bad time. If you want, Britt, I can take you back home," James suggested by shouting as the music was overwhelming their voices.

"No, James, I'm here and I'm going to stay for a while and hang out with you," Brittany shouted back.

As they walked further into the loud frat house, a few people handed out rolled up weed to Brittany and she just looked at them stupidly. Some male students even started shouting out obscene words at Brittany like, " Bounce those huge suckers over here!" and "Flash us your hooters!" Brittany felt a little bit embarrassed but at the same time, enjoying the attention her breasts were getting. Brittany continued to follow James into a room which was a little bit more mellow and calm then the others. A few students were inside passing around a large bong and drinking some heavy alcohol.

"Hey, James, nice of you to join us," said a hippie looking guy, dressed in a tie-dye shirt and red pants, getting his chance to puff on the bong.

"Britt, this is Shaggy. He's trying to get into the Frat House just like I am. Shaggy, this is Brittany, the girl I have been telling you about, and, as you can see, she's all here," James said smiling.

Shaggy thought his eyes were playing tricks on him as he tried to focus his sight on Brittany's enormous rack, bulging from her tight yellow shirt.

"Goddamn! Look at those milk shakers," Shaggy blurred out.

He felt his cock getting large staring at Brittany's mountainous slopes, hanging down her chest.

"Hey, James, is this busty...I mean Brittany we have been hearing about," said a tall, handsome, black jock looking guy.

"Yeah. Jerome, this is Brittany. Brittany, this is Jerome, the number one quarterback on campus and the vice president of Alpha Omega Delta, the fraternity I‘m pledging," James explained. "And I guess Shaggy is the number one stone's man on campus. He knows how to get all the illegal drugs."

"Nice to meet you," Brittany said with a smile to Jerome. 

"I'll be right back, Britt. I'm going to go get us some punch if there is any left," James said.

"I'll come with you," suggested Jerome.

"Yeah, I could use something to drink myself after smoking a shit load of weed all day, and perhaps some food. I've got the munchies like a motherfucker," said Shaggy.

"Stay here with Brittany, and we'll bring you back something," James said.

James and Jerome left the room and headed upstairs to an empty bedroom.

"Is the camera all set and hooked up to the TV downstairs?" asked James.

"Yeah, man, all we need to do is get that voluptuous bitch naked and film her fucking us. Then you'll surely get into the Alpha Omega Delta for sure," Jerome said.

Shaggy took a strong hit of the bong and started to go into shock, foaming at the mouth.

"Oh my God, someone do something?" Brittany said panicking.

"Relax girl, he has been doing that all day and seems to love it," replied a very endowed Native American girl. 

Brittany looked over at Shaggy as his eyes went into the back of his head and thick foam covered his mouth. Suddenly, Shaggy woke up with a huge smile and started laughing.

"That was so fucking cool, man. That rocked. It was better then the first 20 times I've done that," Shaggy said in an excited voice.

"Awesome dude," said a guy next to him.

"That was totally...frickin...cool dude," said a hippie chick. 

"These people are weird. I'm glad to see that at least someone sane is still in this room," Brittany said to the Native American girl. "My name is Brittany. What's yours?"

"Cherri," the Indian girl replied.

"Nice to meet you, Cherri," Brittany said as her eyes started sizing up Cherri. Her eyes were stopped dead in their tracks by Cherri's oversized bulge in her shirt. "I see that I'm not the only one around here with huge ta-ta's," Brittany said followed by a small giggle.

"Yeah, I notice. I was very blessed at an early age. The doctors told me that I should have stopped growing by now. Just a few weeks ago I could barely fit into a triple D bra. The doctors told me that I have doubled into the E's. 36EE to be exact," Cherri said.

"Wow! I used to be in the double E's. Now I wear a 36/38 F cup. I'm hoping they'll stop growing now," Brittany told Cherri.

"So are you in college?" Cherri asked.

"No. I'm here with my boyfriend James who is going to be inducted into their fraternity," Brittany responded.

"That's cool. My sister Ruthie is here with her boyfriend who is a frat brother. My mom and I just moved here from Virginia. I'm going to be attending the high school here," Cherri said.

"Saint Watergate?" Brittany responded.

"Yeah. Do you go there?"

"Yes. It's a good school most of the time. Believe me, you'll become an instant celebrity among the students and staff," Brittany said.

"Why is that?" Cherri asked curiously.

"Guys and girls at my school only pay attention to girls with enormous boobs and gigantic butts, if you know what I mean."

"Oh, then it'll be nothing new to me. My old school was just the same. That's why we moved. Although my sister Ruthie was the town slut, I tried not to fall under that list. She used her assets to get what she wanted. She has big tits too but is often jealous of me for having much bigger tits. I have only had sex with one guy who I thought I could trust. All he really wanted was to get paid for fucking the non-attractive girl with the largest boobs in school and tell everyone about it. I hope that bastard burns in hell," Cherri explained.

"Sorry to hear that," Brittany said with some sadness to her voice.

"It's ok. Not your fault. I bet guys try to score with you all the time?" Cherri questioned Brittany who turned her face away in some shame.

"You don't know the half of it," Brittany said with a smirk.

"Hello, ladies. We're back with some drinks," James said as he entered the room with Jerome.

"Well, I'm tired of this party. I'm going to find my sister and get the hell out of here now, Brittany. Hope to see you in school Monday. I'm glad that I'm not alone in this world and hope we can become good friends," Cherri said.

"Yeah. I would like that. See you Monday," Brittany replied.

Cherri left the room and started looking for her sister. Cherri heard some strange noises coming from one of the bedrooms. She also heard her sister's voice shouting out the name Darryl. She opened the door a crack and found her sister being penetrated by two muscular black men and one white guy with his large cock thrusting in and out of her mouth. The black guy underneath Ruthie was being smothered by Ruthie's large 48DD breasts. Cherri started feeling her own gigantic tits through her shirt and then came back to reality.

"Might as well start walking home. By the time she gets done, it'll be time for breakfast," Cherri said to herself.

An hour had passed and Brittany was drinking up a storm with James and his two buddies, Jerome and Shaggy. Brittany even got to hit the bong a few times. She has never smoked weed, tried any drugs, and drunk alcohol before but really started to enjoy it.

"Wow! This is so...cold. I see little spots. Rainbow colors and a big dog chasing after them," Brittany giggled.

"That's what acid will do to you," James responded with a laugh.

"Do you think she's ready?" Jerome asked.

"I don't know. Let's find out," said James.

James leaned over and started kissing Brittany on the lips. His hands slowly slipped up Brittany's shirt and started rubbing the fabric of her enormous bra cups. James signals for Jerome to step in. Jerome moved one of his hands up Brittany's shirt and felt her bra, too.

"Damn! These are some big ass cups. I could probably drink a whole keg of beer inside them," Jerome responded.

Brittany took Jerome by the back of his head and started kissing him, too. James continued kissing Brittany's face and down her neck. Both of Jerome's hands were squeezing Brittany's bra-clad breasts. Shaggy watched the action while puffing on the bong.

"Hey guys, I wanna feel those flesh puppies, too," Shaggy complained.

"Then follow us upstairs," James told Shaggy.

James and Jerome each took one of Brittany's hands and led her up the stairs. Random drunken guys would reach over and grope at Brittany's chest, some getting a good grip and squeeze on one of her ample globes.

Finally, James and Jerome got Brittany to the room where the camcorder was setup.

"What are we going to do in here?" Brittany asked in a sleepy voice.

"We're just going to have a little bit of fun, babe. Now we want you to get undressed and throw on this large white tee for us please?" James asked Brittany.

As the party continued, one of the frat brothers was fixing up the TV so that the action upstairs could be broadcasted live downstairs. The frat brothers soon had a good picture of Brittany starting to undress on a huge flat screen TV in the living room. A large crowd of horny and drunken men showed up to watch the fucking. Even some females were curious to see the action.

James, Shaggy, and Jerome sat in chairs behind the camera for a bit, watching Brittany undressing herself. Her shirt came off first, showcasing her gigantic bra with four straps holding up her immense breasts. Cocks were slowly getting hard as Brittany continued undressing. She kicked off her shoes and wiggled herself out of the tight fitting blue jeans she had on. Her hairy pussy was visible through her white thong. Brittany turned around a few times, giving the guys a good look at her round, firm ass. She even stood still and jiggled her buttocks at the guys and the camcorder. The crowd downstairs was barking and rooting for Brittany. Not to many white girls with big asses around.

Brittany next started unsnapping her bra, one strap at a time with her back still facing the camera and the guys. Soon all four straps were released and Brittany's huge bra just dropped to the floor like a sack of rocks.

"DAMN! Look at the size of those cups. She could have a tea party for 40 in those," said one guy downstairs.

James got off the bed and picked up Brittany's bra. He gave the audience downstairs a close up look at the inside of Brittany's massive bra cups and read the tag out loud.

"38F cup."

"Holy shit! This chick is enormous," shouted one of the girls in the audience.

"Let see those puppies. We want puppies!" shouted one man.

"WE WANT PUPPIES! WE WANT PUPPIES! WE WANT PUPPIES!" the entire audience began to shout.

Brittany turned around trying to cover her massive jugs with her arms but the overflowed from the sides, tops, and bottoms was too much. Brittany dropped her arms, baring her astonishing chest to everyone. The massive pink areolas and the large pink nipples that topped the enormous, pale breasts that hung away from Brittany's body formed fat torpedoes sticking out of her chest.

Shaggy and Jerome's eyes bulged out of their sockets.

"Holy fucking shit!" replied Jerome.

"I think the weed done killed me, and I have gone to boobie heaven," Shaggy said.

The crowd downstairs couldn't believe their eyes either.

"Damn! Look at those fat sacks! Those humongous udders! Those massive milk bottlers!" a variety of people shouted out.

Brittany stood in front of the camera, topless, in her thong and Hello-Kitty ankle socks.

"Play with your breasts for a little bit, Britt," commanded James as he was stroking his large meat through his jeans. Shaggy and Jerome were doing the same thing.

Brittany cupped her massive jugs at the bottoms and started flopping them at the camera. Brittany then stretched her fat udders to opposite sides of her body and then let them go, watching them flop and smack into each other. Brittany started pinching her thick nipples and lifted her breasts up by the nipples. She jiggled the soft mountainous flesh by the nipples, making them jiggle like huge bowls of jell-o. Brittany dropped her tits and bent over towards the camcorder and shook her shoulders back and forth, causing her mammoth meats to wobble wildly beneath her chest and sway to and fro like windshield wipers.

"Oh my God, I'm going to blow my load early," moaned Jerome as he pulled out his thick, meaty black cock and started giving it long and hard strokes.

"Ok, Brittany, throw the shirt on and we should begin our little game," James said as he kicked off his jeans and boxers.

James, Jerome, and Shaggy all got naked except James and Jerome left their socks on. All three of the well-endowed men got on to the bed and waited for Brittany.

Brittany pulled the shirt down over her naked torso. Even the shirt, which was large, hung away from her body, showing off part of her thighs. The shirt read "Come Suck on Theses" with arrows pointing down to Brittany's enormous orbs. Brittany tied her hair into a ponytail and got on her knees by the edge of the bed. All three guys got to the edge of the bed with James's big dick being the first to enter Brittany's mouth.

Brittany started bobbing her head up and down James's throbbing cock, letting his large cockhead invade the back of her throat. While she sucked off James, she reached over and took Jerome and Shaggy's huge cocks in her small hands and started stroking them. 

"Damn, that slut can suck a cock," shouted a guy downstairs as everyone was watching the action on the big screen TV.

Brittany had enclosed her mouth all the way on James's cock, reaching the very base with her lips. Her chin was smashed against his heavy balls as she savored his long, thick cock between her moist lips. James reached down and pinched the bridge of Brittany's nose, making it hard for her to breathe with a huge cock stuffed in her mouth.

Brittany started gagging around James's cock while she slowly stroked the two huge cocks in her hands. James released Brittany's nose and she lifted her head up from James's crotch for some air. His cock was covered in saliva that ran down Brittany's chin. Brittany engulfed James's thick dick back between her lips. This time James took Brittany by the back of her head and started thrusting his meat in and out of her mouth. His large cock would bulge against her flushed cheeks as he thrusted down her throat. Jerome and Shaggy started thrusting their thick meat in Brittany's hands.

James's huge balls were rapidly bouncing against Brittany's chin as he thrusted faster and harder down her wet throat. Brittany looked up at James's face, watching his pleasuring facial _expression as he crammed her mouth with his thick prick, down to the very base. Saliva poured from Brittany's lips, dripping down her chin to James's wildly bouncing balls.

"All right man, it's my turn," complained Jerome.

James slowly started to decrease his thrusting and finally rested his cock in the inside of Brittany's bulging left cheek. Brittany lifted her head off James's drenching wet cock and moved over a bit to smash her massive pillowy jugs against Jerome's legs. She could barely hold Jerome's thick, pulsing cock with just one hand. His cockhead was enormous and throbbing purple. Brittany started licking the edges of his cockhead and then licking up and down his hard shaft.

James started poking Brittany in the face with his wet cock while she licked around the base of Jerome's huge cock. Brittany moved her mouth down to Jerome's giant hairy balls and started wiggling her tongue around them, rolling each thick nut on her tongue before taking them between her lips sucking one huge testicle at a time.

"God, I wish she were sucking my balls right now," moaned one of the male audience members.

"SUCK HIS DICK! SUCK HIS DICK! SUCK HIS DICK!" chanted the rowdy crowd like it was the Jerry Springer show.

Brittany started moving her mouth down Jerome's cock inch by inch. Jerome just sat back and let his cock throb between the white girl's wet lips. Brittany wrapped her arms around Jerome's waist and started bobbing her head up and down his crotch, sliding more and more of his cock meat between her lips. Brittany's mammoth melons were swaying to and for beneath her, hitting up against Jerome's legs. He could feel her hard nipples dragging against his skin.

Jerome's body was tingling with warmth as Brittany rapidly bobbed her head up and down his massive cock.

"Oh man, she needs to suck my cock now while I'm high as fuck," moaned Shaggy, stroking his long, crooked dick.

Jerome gave Brittany a few thrusts in her mouth, helping her cram his entire fat dick down her throat. Brittany started gagging and drooling more saliva. Pre-cum started oozing between Brittany's lips as she held her position, face down in Jerome's hairy crotch. Jerome released his throbbing soaked cock from Brittany's mouth and passed her on to Shaggy. Brittany stopped and gave James a quick bobbing before going to Shaggy.

"Oh yeah slut, suck my crooked dick," Shaggy said with excitement.

The smell of weed reeked from Shaggy's crotch as he had been known to hide his supply down his pants from the police. Brittany immediately closed her mouth around Shaggy's mushroom cockhead and wiggled her tongue inside his pee-hole.

"Oohhhh God, you little cock teaser, I can't wait to fuck your huge jugs. Would you like Shaggy to fuck your milk udders huh? Huh jugs?" Shaggy teased Brittany as he reached down and took massive handfuls of Brittany's gigantic orbs, squeezing them from the outside of her shirt.

Shaggy tightened his skinny, pale body and started sliding his cock down Brittany's throat further, having Brittany deep-throating her first crooked cock as his greedy hands continued running wild on Brittany's chest.

The sounds of Brittany sucking and slurping Shaggy's big dick were turning many people on downstairs. A few sex sessions started to break out among them. A large group however, still watched as this busty high schooler deep-throated their drug supplier.

"Oh God, Busty, rub my balls in your face. Mmmmm! Rub my saggy balls around your cute little face," ordered Shaggy. 

Brittany took Shaggy's cock from between her lips and started smoothing her face with Shaggy's hairy balls, getting a deep smell of Shaggy's musty balls as they were being rubbed all over her face.

"Suck my asshole bitch. Lick my brown poo hole," Shaggy urged.

"Damn, this guy is fucking sick," shouted one guy from the crowd.

"He's my idol," shouted another guy.

Shaggy lifted his legs up and spread his ass cheeks apart. Brittany buried her face between his cheeks, rapidly licking and sucking his tiny asshole. Shaggy felt his cock getting fatter because he enjoyed it when a woman's tongue probed his dirty hole. His massive throbbing cock rested on top of Brittany's head while his sweaty balls dangled on her forehead.

Brittany's tongue swiftly probed Shaggy's stinky asshole, getting a nasty smell and taste of human waste, left over from Shaggy's last visit to the restroom.

Brittany removed her face from Shaggy's ass and resumed sucking his fat cock. James and Jerome stood up and made a circle around Brittany, stroking their meaty pricks at her. Brittany took both of their cocks in her hands and started stroking them. She let Shaggy's cock drop out of her mouth and took Jerome's huge cock between her lips. After sucking him off for a few minutes, she released his dick and engulfed her boyfriend James's big dick, giving him a few sucks and slurps.
