 "My parents had sent me to the country for two weeks to get away from all the sex and drama that was happening in my life. I guess they thought it was a good idea. I really didn't like it at first, but there was nothing I could have done to stop it," Brittany said to herself as she was preparing for bed, now staying in an extra room at her Aunt Sally's farm.

Brittany was on her knees, wearing some tight fitting SpongeBob SquarePants boxers and a tight tank top, which was extremely stretched out and hung away from her body by her very large 38F cup breasts. She was explaining to God why her parents sent her to stay with her Aunt Sally and cousin Babe for a few weeks.

"You're going to love it here, Brittany," said Britt's Aunt Sally as she walked into the room, wearing a see-through nightgown and no underwear. "Jesus Christ, girl, now I know why you're praying to God. He's the one who blessed you with those big ol knockers you're sporting. A cup size larger and that tank top would explode."

Brittany cracked a smile and stood up. Her enormous breasts were bobbing underneath her top.

"Come give your Aunt Sally a goodnight hug?" 

Brittany walked over to her Aunt Sally, and Sally embraced Brittany in her arms. Both of their massive boobs pressed against each other's with Sally's 32HH's nearly smothering Brittany's 38F's. 

Sally let go of Brittany and gave her a peck on the forehead and headed out of the room. 

Brittany climbed into her bed and started dozing off, wondering what her first day on the farm would be like.

The next day arrived quickly, and Brittany woke up to some moaning sounds around 8:00 AM. It sounded like the moans were coming from the opposite side of her bedroom wall. Brittany got out of bed and walked over to her wall. The moaning sounds were so intense that Brittany started to feel wet between her legs.

"The sounds are coming from Babe's room," Brittany guessed.

Brittany left her room and tiptoed over to Babe's door, just right next door to hers. The door was slightly open, and Brittany could get an eyeful of Babe, slamming a vibrating cock clear up her wet snatch. Brittany could smell Babe's sweet juices, pouring from her open cunt as the vibrator thrusted in and out.

Babe's enormous 38E cups were hanging over her bra cups, sweaty and swaying to her movements.

Brittany was very aroused by Babe's performance and placed one hand down inside her boxers and the other hand cupped a handful of massive tit flesh through her tank top. Brittany was fingering her pussy and groping her mammoth tit while Babe fucked herself.

Brittany tried not to moan by biting down hard on her lower lip.

Babe was reaching her powerful climax and arched her back, shoving the vibrator as far as it could go up her cunt.

Brittany had her eyes closed as she was reaching her climax. Unaware to Brittany, Babe's little dog had opened the door widely and ran past a masturbating Brittany. Brittany soon started moaning and felt her fingers being drowned in her sweet cum. Brittany started relaxing and breathing normally now. She opened her eyes and saw her cousin Babe kneeling on her bed with her big tits still hanging over her bra and the vibrator in her hand, staring at her.

Brittany just stared back in silence and removed her hand from her boxers.

"I'm glad you liked the show," said Babe with a smile.

Brittany gave a smirk and walked into Babe's room.

"Ever masturbated before cousin?" asked Babe curiously as she sat down beside Brittany.

"Yeah. I have. But I've gotten a lot of offers from guys to take away my horniness so I wouldn't have to masturbate," Brittany responded.

"That's cool, Britt. There aren't a lot of guys up here. If there are guys here, they're really ugly. Trust me. I'm not dating the guy I'm with now for his looks or money, which he has neither. I like him because he makes a pretty good slave," Babe explained.

"Oh. What's your boyfriend's name?"

"Big Earl. He can be very sweet and clueless at times, but he knows how to rock my world when I need him too. I'll loan him to you if you ever want anyone to fuck, Britt."

"I'll think about that."

"If you're still feeling horny, I'll let you use my vibrator right now?" Babe suggested, smiling at Brittany. "We are from the same blood so I bet we have the same juices. But we must hurry. By 9:00, we must be dressed and ready to work over at the barn." 

Brittany took Babe's vibrator and just stared at the huge, shinny cock. Brittany put her nose up to it and got a strong swift of Babe's cunt juices.

Babe pushed Brittany down onto the bed and pulled her SpongeBob boxers down, revealing her hairy, dripping pussy.

"Wow, Britt, you're really wet and, I might add, really hairy. I bet all the boys love eating your pussy and sticking their cocks between their juicy cunt lips," Babe commented.

Babe leaned down and started rubbing at Brittany's wet cunt. She ran her fingers through the mass of drenching pubic hairs in front of Brittany's pussy. Babe opened up Brittany's cunt lips and started rubbing her fingers against the insides of her pink walls.

"Ohhhhh! Babe! That feels sooooo wonderful," moaned Brittany as she separated her legs apart further across the bed.

Babe started darting her fingers in and out of Brittany's pussy, wiggling and jiggling her fingers throughout Brittany's soaked snatch. Babe then planted her face against Brittany's pussy and started lapping her tongue at Britt's clitoris, wrapping her tongue around Brittany's clit and using the tip of her tongue to flicker over Brittany's clitoris.

That sent Brittany's body into massive shivers. Brittany arched her back and started grinding her cunt against her cousin's face, feeling Babe's warm and heavy tongue maneuver all over her pussy.

Babe wrapped her arms around Brittany's thighs and closed them on her head as she ate Brittany out savagely, chewing and biting at Brittany's pussy walls. Babe's tongue began to drill deeper and deeper inside Brittany's cunt.

"Uhhhhhhh! Ohhhhhhh God Babe! You're so....wonderful. Keep eating me!" cried Brittany as she gripped a handful of Babe's bed sheet, trying to withstand Babe's tongue and mouth assault.

"Mmmmm, Britt, you taste so good. Better then any of my friends," Babe moaned as she licked Britt's clitoris at a lightening fast pace, causing Brittany multiple orgasms.

"Ohhhhhh God, I'm cumming!" moaned Brittany.

Before Brittany could cum, Babe withdrew her tongue from Brittany's hairy snatch and took the huge vibrator from Brittany's hand and plunged it deep between Brittany's cunt lips. Babe switched it on and started moving it in and out, back and forth between Brittany's pussy lips.

The vibrator was trembling between Brittany's pink folds and moving along smoothly against her clitoris. Brittany couldn't take it anymore and started spurting out her sweet cum all over the vibrating cock.

Babe shoved the vibrating dildo massively up Brittany's cunt, causing Brittany to let out a loud moan and she started cumming again. Babe slowly eased the vibrator from Brittany's pussy and stuck it inside her mouth, sucking off all of Brittany's cum and licking it clean.

"Time to get ready now, cousin," Babe said, smiling at Brittany as she lied still in Babe's bed, trying to catch her breath.

Brittany took a quick shower and got dressed. She put on some cotton panties, long tube socks, some large overalls, and a thin short tank top which rested inches off of Brittany's nipples, leaving the bottoms of her massive orbs bare. After putting on her work boots, Brittany was ready to go to work. 

"Wow, darling, don't you look special today?" Aunt Sally said to Brittany as she flipped pancakes. Brittany had just entered the kitchen.

"I had no idea that I had to work on this two-week vacation or is this punishment?" Brittany asked.

"You'll have the weekends off, honey. Your parents just thought it would be a good idea to have you work here as a punishment," Aunt Sally responded. "You'll be helping Babe in the barn for the week."

Brittany and Babe finished breakfast and headed out to the barn. It was a totally new experience for Brittany. She has never worked in a barn before.

"Well, Britt, since you probably wouldn't like scooping up the horse crap, I'll let you milk the cows then," said Babe as she handed Brittany a bucket.

Brittany sat down on a stool and put the bucket underneath the cow's huge udders.

"My udders are probably bigger then this cow's," joked Brittany.

Brittany didn't have an experience with milking cows but she has seen programs on TV that showed and explained how to do it. Brittany began squeezing down on the cow's udder, pouring the fresh milk into the bucket.

"This isn't so bad," Brittany said out loud to herself.

A pair of rough hands grabbed and began squeezing Brittany's massive orbs from behind.

"Oohhhh! What the..." Brittany said frightened as the pair of hands was under Brittany's thin tank top, pinching and tugging on her nipples.

"What is the meaning of this?" Brittany said alarmed as she felt a hard cock pressed up against her back and the hands continued to feel up her chest.

"Is it me or have your tits got a little bit smaller, Sally," said a man's rough voice.

"I'm not Sally!" Brittany shouted out.

"Oh dear, I'm so sorry!" said the man behind her. "I thought you were Sally."

The man kept his hands tightly locked onto Brittany's huge tits.

"I must say, you're tits are very huge and firm. Feels like I'm squeezing giant sponges," said the man.

"Mmmmm. It always feels good to have a man squeezing my breasts," moaned Brittany as she lifted her arms up around the mysterious guy, thrusting her mammoth jugs out in the man's hands.

"Mind if I gave your babies a test drive?" asked the man.

"I really shouldn't but I guest it wouldn't hurt," Brittany agreed.

The man took a few steps back as Brittany turned around. Her mouth was immediately filled with his thick juicy cock. Brittany's lips were all the way down to the base of his cock. The man began thrusting his thick meat between her lips. His big hairy balls bounced off her chin and cheeks.

"Mmmmm! You're mouth feels so....wonderful," moaned the tall skinny man, whom was completely naked in front of Brittany.

Brittany began bobbing her head between his thighs, moving her lips to the top of his swollen cock head, to the thick base of his cock.

The man let his bony fingers run through Brittany's red hair as he thrusted his cock between her lips. Saliva dripped off his cock and balls and down her chin. Brittany began unfastening her overalls and peeled the straps down. The overalls rested on her waist and her thin tank top was now riding over her nipples with each thrust Brittany gave the man's cock.

The man looked down to see Brittany's giant breasts swaying with each movement. He reached down and grabbed more then a handful of luscious tit flesh. He completely lifted her thin tank top over her breasts and began kneading her breasts.

Brittany gripped onto the man's bony ass cheeks with her face completely buried in his hairy crotch. Brittany could smell the musty aroma in his crotch. His cock had completely disappeared down Brittany's throat. Brittany held her position for 30 seconds and then lifted her head up from his hairy crotch. She took her mouth completely off his slobbering cock and began jerking him.

"Let me fuck those big tits," the man moaned.

Brittany held her enormous breasts apart and let the man slide his wet cock between them. Brittany then closed the gap and began jerking his cock between her wobbly titties.

"Oohhhhh God! You've got some of the best tits in the world," moaned the man as he gripped onto the sides of Brittany's breasts and helped her hold them as she moved them up and down his dick.

The man's hairy thighs tickled Brittany's large nipples as the tit fucking got faster. The man began thrusting his thick cock between her huge tits. The head of his cock poked out from between her cleavage a few times and Brittany held her tongue out to lick it.

The man removed his cock from Brittany's sweaty cleavage and began slapping her massive jugs with it, watching her breasts ripple with each slap. He then pressed his cock head against her big nipples and began rubbing them together. Brittany squished both of her big tits together so the man's cock head could rub against both nipples.

After fucking her nipples for a few minutes, the man stuck his cock back between Brittany's breasts and resumed fucking them.

"Ohhhhhh! Here I cum," moaned the man as sweat dripped from his forehead as he gripped Brittany's shoulders hard.

He gave Brittany's tits some mighty thrusts and his hot gooey spunk began shooting between her cleavage. The first load shot up and nailed the lower half of Brittany's face from the bottom of her nose, to her chin. The second blast landed right on her chest and the tops of her swelling breasts. He pulled his cock out and jerked the rest of his sticky milk onto Brittany's cherry nipples.

After he finished cumming, the man let his wet cock slide all over Brittany's breasts, rubbing his semen into her skin.

"I must say, you have given me the best tit fucking of a lifetime," said the man. "My girlfriend Sally could never get me to reach my climax in a hurry like you just did."

"Wait! Did you just call my Aunt Sally, your girlfriend?" Brittany asked surprised.

"Yes, she's you're aunt I take it?" the man said.

"Yeah! You can't tell her what we did. Ok?" Brittany pleaded with the man.

"Well, if I did that then, she'll probably dump me," replied the man. "My name is Billy Bob by the way. I must be going before your aunt sees me like this."

Billy Bob pulled up his oversized overalls. As he began to walk away, the overalls kept falling off his skinny pale body. Brittany gave a small smirk and looked down at her cum-drenching breasts. She took off her tank top and used it to wipe the cum off her breasts. She then pulled up her overalls and buckled them back on. Brittany's huge naked breasts were now thrusted out inside her overalls and bulging on the sides. Brittany continued milking the cows until lunchtime had arrived.

Brittany headed back to the house, very worn out and hungry from milking cows. She ate a quick sandwich and decided to call the twins to see how they were doing.

"Hello?" answered a heavy breathing Danielle.

"Hey, Danny, it's Brittany. Why are you so tired?" Brittany asked curiously.

"OH FUCK! OH GOD! Hit that spot. Ohhhhh yes, that's it," moaned Danielle on the phone. 

"Danielle? Is everything alright?" Brittany asked.

"B-B-B-Brittany! I'm k-k-kind of b-b-b-busy," moaned Danielle. "Can you call back later, hon?"

"Let me talk to Trishelle, then?" Brittany asked.

"Trishelle is VERRRY busy too. She'll have to CALL you back," Danielle said, hitting some high notes in her voice.

"Ok then, you guys have fun and be careful," said Brittany.

Brittany hung up the phone as Danielle did.

"Ohhhhh! Who was that, sister?" moaned Trishelle as a big cock was plowing in and out of her wet cunt.

"Mmmmm! It was Brittany, sis," responded Danielle moaning.

The twins were being stuffed by a couple of twin brothers, Mark and Sasha. Mark was on the couch with Danielle facing him and bouncing on his big dick. His balls were inside Trishelle's moist mouth while Sasha was filling her cunt up with his huge dick and sucking her huge bouncing 36DD's.

Mark and Sasha are good looking pizza delivery boys, and the twins decided to fuck their way out paying money for two large pizzas.

Brittany headed upstairs to her room for a small nap. She heard noises coming from her cousin Babe's room. They didn't sound like Babe's moaning she heard this morning. Brittany went over to Babe's door and opened it widely. She saw Babe on the bed topless with a vibrator in her hand and a naked man, tall and skinny, chained up to each end of the post bed. Brittany's eyes got wide as she looked down between the undernourished man's legs and saw a humongous cock with giant plum like balls hanging from it. Babe had the vibrator and was rubbing it all over the man's huge balls. The man had a gag in his mouth but Brittany could still hear his moans and cries.

"Hey, Cuz, meet my boyfriend Big Earl. Earl, this is my cousin Brittany," said Babe.

"Hi!" Brittany said a little bit stunned.

"Hello," Big Earl mumbled.

"Doesn't he have the biggest cock you've ever seen?" Babe asked Brittany.

"It's one of the biggest cocks I've seen and trust me I've seen a lot of big cocks," Brittany responded.

Big Earl's cock was getting harder as his eyes were drawn to the swells of Brittany's breasts nearly busting out from the sides of her overalls.

"Don't be afraid, Brittany. Come join the fun," invited Babe.

Brittany walked over to the bed and sat down on the other side of Big Earl. She couldn't take her wide eyes off his throbbing cock. She glanced up at Earl's face and saw his eyes drawn to her massive chest.

"Earl loves girls with big titties," Babe mentioned.

"Do you always do this to Earl?" Brittany asked.

"Yeah, he loves it when I press my vibrator against his hard man meat," said Babe as she ran the vibrator over Earl's dick, letting it rumble against his lengthy shaft and sending vibrations through his body. "If you really want to get him excited Britt, rub some lotion on his chest using those huge knockers of yours."

Brittany let the idea sink into her head and took the bottle of lotion and spurted large amounts over Earl's pale bird chest. Brittany unfastened her large overalls and let them drop to the floor. 

Earl's face was lit up with excitement, seeing Brittany's bare 38F breasts for the first time. Brittany kicked off her boots and climbed on top of the bed. She squished her gigantic melons onto his chest and began sliding her breasts up and down, smoothing the lotion into both of their upper torsos.

"Ohhhhh! I think he really likes you. Look at his cock growing," moaned Babe as she held the vibrator against Earl's pee hole and watched his cock double in size. "He has to be at least 14 fucking inches by now."

Brittany moved her slippery breasts down Earl's stomach and back up to his chest. Brittany then straddled herself onto Earl's stomach and rested her huge breasts on his shoulders. Earl's neck and half of his face was between Brittany's glistening cleavage. Earl's eyes were rolled into the back of his eyes as he struggled hard to get free from the torture.

"God, Brittany, your panties are dripping wet," said Babe as she moved up a little bit and planted her nose firmly against Brittany's snatch, smelling the sweet aroma of Brittany's juices.

Babe kept the vibrator rumbling against Earl's massive cock and peeled away the slit of Brittany's panties. Babe started wiggling her tongue deep inside Brittany's soaked womb.

Brittany began moaning in Earl's ears. Earl was rubbing the sides of his face against Brittany's slippery breasts.

"Mmmmm! You want to suck my tits?" Brittany whispered in Earl's ear.

Earl nodded his head and Brittany pulled the gag out of his mouth. Brittany lifted her udder torso off of Earl's chest and thrusted her giant slippery orbs in his face. Earl captured, as much of Brittany's right tit in his mouth as possible, sucking down hard on her breasts while his tongue flicked her big nipple.

Brittany started to lose control of her body. Babe savagely ate her pussy and sucked on her clitoris. Babe's hands were full of Brittany's huge buttocks as she squeezed and kneaded them apart. Babe let her tongue move from Brittany's drenching snatch, to her tight tiny asshole. Babe started pushing her tongue in and out of Brittany's asshole, licking the inner ass cheeks and around Brittany's dirty anus.

"Ahhhhhh! Ohhhhh G-G-God!" cried Brittany as Babe was now doing a double assault on her pussy and ass, sliding two fingers between Brittany's wet labia and her tongue licking deep inside her asshole.
