 Brittany and her friends had just found out that Tommy is moving. Tommy's mom had gotten a better job in Ohio and Tommy decided to move with her.

"This sucks. Tommy and I have been good friends for a long time," said Brittany to Trishelle, Danielle, Cherri, and Kristen at Corny Dog.

Brittany was on her 15-minute break, after she served her friends their food. Brittany had gotten a better uniform then what she had to wear in order to get the fuck during the interview or fuck session. Her yellow Corny Dog shirt was still tight and made her tits look even more massive, as they bulged from her chest like cannon balls. Her black shorts rode up in between her large ass cheeks.

"Tommy was a good friend to all of us you guys. I think we should do something special for him," said Kristen.

"Like what?" asked Cherri.

"How about a going away party?" suggested Danielle.

"Nah. Those are too sad. We should give him a real treat," said Trishelle.

"How about we spend the whole weekend with Tommy and end his night with a bang," suggested Brittany.

"A bang? As in gangbang? Ha ha ha," laughed Trishelle.

"Sure. Why not? I mean, Tommy is kind of a virgin. Isn't he?" Brittany asked.

Brittany, Trishelle, Danielle, and Kristen all looked over at Cherri.

"What?" Cherri said.

"Tommy and you were getting close. Have you guys ever had sex?" Kristen asked.

"Yeah... We did. While you guys were away on spring break, Tommy and I had sex several times," Cherri responded.

"For real?" said Brittany surprised.

"Yeah and let me tell you... Don't let his dorky looks fool you," Cherri said. "I had trouble walking the next mornings," Cherri teased.

"Are you trying to tell us that our Tommy has a big dick?" asked Trishelle.

"Ummm maybe?" Cherri teased. "All I know is that, Tommy is a great lover."

"Well guys. I have to get back to work. Come over to my house when I'm off and we can plan the weekend," said Brittany, as she headed back to work.

"Alright Cherri. Tell us some details. Like the first time the two of you fucked," said Trishelle.

"Will... It happened like this," Cherri started to say.

Cherri's Story:

Brittany and the girls were gone for Spring Break. Tommy and Cherri had hooked up and kept each other company.

"Hey Cherri?" asked Tommy.

"Yes?" Cherri replied.

"There is a special double feature movie playing tonight. Do you want to go?" Tommy asked.

"With who?" Cherri said slyly.

"With me of course," Tommy answered.

"Sure Tommy. Let me get a jacket and we can go."

"Awesome! I mean, okay," Tommy said, as he blushed.

Cherri grabbed her coat and the two of them headed off to the drive-in movie theatre.

*Present Time*

"Skip all the lame shit and get to the good parts," said Trishelle eagerly.

"Okay okay!" replied Cherri.

Cherri's Story Part 2:

Tommy and Cherri sat close together while watching the movie. Tommy couldn't help himself but to look down Cherri's neckline shirt. He drooled over her massive cleavage and felt his cock hardening.

Cherri moved her left hand to Tommy's lap and felt his throbbing member. Cherri slowly gripped his cock and massaged it through his Old Navy jeans.

"Cherri?" moaned Tommy.

"Yes?" Cherri answered, as she squeezed his cock in her hand.

"That feels so good!" he moaned.

"Does it?" Cherri answered back, as she began to stroke his hard dick.

"Yes," Tommy replied.

Cherri unzipped Tommy's jeans. She could feel his harden cock more through his boxers. 

Tommy laid his head back against the seat of the car, as Cherri pulled out his large cock.

"Holy Shit Tommy! I had no idea you had such a large penis," gasped Cherri, as she gripped his bare, throbbing cock and jerked it.

"Penis Pump baby," moaned Tommy. "I figured girls love guys with big dicks. And seeing how I haven't gotten any play and I'm nearly 19-years-old, a big dick was necessary for me."

"Tommy? I like you because of you. Not because of your big dick," said Cherri, as she looked up at him and smiled.

Tommy smiled back and grabbed the back of Cherri's head and buried her face into his crotch. 

The Native American Indian scooped up Tommy's large prick between her lips and sucked on it. Her saliva quickly coated his massive member and dripped down to his heavy balls. Cherri could only fit 7-inches of Tommy's hard cock into her mouth. She bobbed her mouth up and down his cock with furious speed.

Tommy let out a series of long moans, as his cock was being sucked for the first time.

*Present Time*

"So Tommy's cock was too big for your mouth?" asked Danielle.

"Yeah... But I eventually deep-throat his monster until he gave me a facial," said Cherri grinning.

Cherri's Story Part 3:

The windows to Tommy's car were fogged up and the car itself rocked back and forth. Cherri's bare feet was pressed up against the backseat window, as Tommy was on top of her and pounded his big dick deep into her pussy.

"Oh Fuck! Oh Tommy! Oh God! Fuck me!" cried Cherri, as she clutched onto the leather seats and embraced herself for Tommy's thrusting.

Tommy's bird chest was squished against Cherri's enormous double E cups, as he pounded her. His sweaty balls bounced against Cherri's asshole with each thrust.

"Oh Cherri. I love sex now. Ohhhh!" moaned Tommy, as he lifted up his udder body off Cherri's.

Tommy looked down at Cherri's sweaty and redden face as he fucked her. His eyes then watched, as her massive titties flopped up and down to her sides.

Tommy grabbed Cherri's legs and bended her knees to her sides. Cherri's huge boobs were squeezed between her knees, as Tommy thrusted his large cock in and out of her creamy cunt.

Sweat poured off Tommy's body and drenched Cherri's own sweaty body. Tommy could feel his cum-filled balls getting heavier with each thrust, as he was ready to cum.

"Ohhhhh Tommy! I'm cumming. Ohhhhh I'm cumming," cried Cherri.

Cherri came all over Tommy's big dick, as he continued to pound her warm pussy. Tommy felt Cherri's pussy swallow his cock, as her cum drenched his cock and balls.

"Ahhhh Cherri!" cried Tommy.

Tommy pulled his cock from Cherri's cunt and his cock shot a thick trail of cum between her heaving breasts and the middle of her stomach. Tommy jerked the rest of his cock and made a cum puddle on Cherri's stomach.

*Present Time*

"Wow! Tommy did all of that?" said Kristen surprised.

"Yeah. He's good and I think you guys would enjoy him if he ever got the chance to fuck any of you," said Cherri.

Brittany's friend had gotten up from their table and left her a $4 tip as they exited the restaurant.

Brittany herself was in the back, on her back as her boss Mark Sampson, drilled his nice size cock in and out of her cunt. Her shirt was rode up over her gigantic F cups and they bounced and flopped wildly to Mark's thrusts.

"Oh Brittany! Oh. Hmmmm!" moaned Mark, as he scooped up a mouthful of Brittany's right breast.

He sucked on Brittany's right breast, while his tongue swirled around her sensitive nipple. He held one of Brittany's legs up on his shoulder, while the other leg rested across his desk. Brittany's body was turned sideways and trashed about on top of Mark's desk as he pounded her wet snatch.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck!" cried Brittany, as she rubbed her clitoris while Mark fucked her.

Mark set Brittany's leg on top of her other leg and thrusted his cock further into her creamy cunt. He felt Brittany's pussy engulf his entire member between the warm, wet folds. Mark was balls deep fucking Brittany's cunt.

After 5 minutes of fucking Brittany in that position, Mark sat down on his couch, with his pussy-wet cock throbbing towards the ceiling. He signaled for Brittany to come over and sit down on his cock. Brittany walked over to Mark and sit down facing him. Her huge tits squished up against his chest and Mark began thrusting his dick up her cunt.

Mark squeezed Brittany's wobbling ass cheeks, as they bounced off his hairy thighs from her pussy being slammed down onto his cock.

A few Corny Dog employees stood outside Mark's office and could hear the moans and slapping noises Mark and Brittany made.

"Ohhhh MARK! OHHHH GOD!" cried Brittany, as she pounced up and down his cock.

Her sweat-glistening breasts bounced and flopped all in Mark's face. Mark buried his head between them and licked her cleavage.

Brittany held both of her humongous breasts and squeezed them around Mark's head. She then held one big tit to his mouth and let him suck on it. She then fed him her other tit. Brittany bounced her giant tits on Mark's shoulders and he looked up at her sweaty face, with his head in her cleavage. 

Brittany moaned silently, which signaled that she had an orgasm and came all over Mark's crotch. 

Mark pushed Brittany down on the couch and jerked his cock off over her heavy, sweaty breasts. Mark drenched the tops of her breasts and then the enormous bowling ball ends of her breasts. He rubbed his oozing cockhead against her nipples and fucked each nipple for a few minutes.

"You'll be getting that raise soon," said her boss.

Mark climbed off of Brittany and she stayed on his couch naked and smiled. His cum dripped off her breasts and onto her stomach and the couch.

Nightfall came and Brittany had gotten off of work. She called the girls and asked them to sleep over at her house tonight. The girls accepted the invite.

Cherri, Kristen, and the twins showed up at Brittany's house. They rung the doorbell and Brittany opened up the door, wearing only a long white tee with the words "Books Aren't Cool" distorted across her monstrous jugs.

"Hey girls. Glad you guys could make it," said Brittany, as she invited them in.

The girls came in and immediately changed into their nightgowns.

Cherri had some bad news to share with the girls.

"Tommy and his mother are leaving tomorrow night. So the weekend with Tommy has been cancelled," she said. "But! Tommy agreed to stop over tonight and spend the night with his friends."

"That's cool Cherri. I guess tonight is the last night we'll have with Tommy," said Brittany.

Suddenly, Brittany's door opened up and Tommy walked into her room.

"Hey Tommy! How is it going?" asked Brittany, as she stood up and gave her best male friend a hug. Her massive breasts squished into his chest and bulged from their sides. 

Tommy loved the feeling.

"Not bad Britt. I know I haven't been around much and moving isn't helping matters much either. I'll still call and write and email you guys. Perhaps in the wintertime I'll return and we can all hang out again," Tommy said.

"That would be awesome," said Brittany.

The other girls stood up and hugged Tommy as well.

"We're going to miss you dork," said Trishelle, as she gave him a kiss on the cheek.

Cherri saw Tommy's crotch began to bulge with each hug he had gotten.

"And since your leaving Tommy, we would like to make sure you remember us in Ohio," said Danielle, as she unbuttoned her nightshirt and tossed it to the floor.

Her golden tanned 36DD's were bare before Tommy's bulging eyes. Trishelle followed her sister and tossed her top off. Her 38DD's bounced from her shirt and into Tommy's sight.

Kristen's nightie dropped to her bare feet and she stood with her D cups bare and in her panties.

Both Cherri and Brittany lifted up their long tee shirts and their gargantuan knockers were exposed. Cherri's 38EE titties jutted from her chest and Brittany's 36F cups bounced and jiggle with her movements.

Tommy felt like he was in a breast man's dream. 5 set of huge tits were waiting for his hands, mouth, and cock to please them.

"How do you like your going away presents?" asked Brittany.

"I... I... I..." mumbled Tommy, as he was speechless.

The twins knelt on opposite sides of Tommy's jeans. Kristen knelt in the middle, while Brittany and Cherri knelt behind Tommy. The girls unzipped, unbuckled, and unbuttoned his jeans and pulled them down to his bony ankles. His big cock dented from his boxers.

"Goddamn boy! Looks like you're ready for us," gasped Kristen.

All the girls grabbed the hem of Tommy's boxers and pulled them to his ankles. His huge cock jutted towards Kristen. The cockhead was swollen and throbbing purple.

"Ohhhh! I like," teased Kristen.

As Kristen suckled on Tommy's cockhead, Trishelle and Danielle lubed his pulsing shaft with their mouths. All 3 girls had their hands fondling his heavy balls.

Tommy wanted to blow a massive load right then and there, but wanted to continue with this experience in the worse way.

Brittany and Cherri each sucked on Tommy's ass cheeks. They kissed and licked around his ass cheeks and puckered their lips to suck up some of his ass fat between their lips.

"Tommy! You have a nice ass," commented Brittany.

Cherri parted Tommy's ass cheeks and Brittany licked his ass crack up and down. Cherri drilled her tongue into his asshole.

Tommy let out a series of moans, as 5 girls were sucking him on. 10 enormous breasts were beating against his trembling legs.

The twins stopped sucking his shaft and scooped up his balls into their mouth. Each twin had a cum-filled testicle between their lips and sucked on them for all their worth.

Kristen bobbed her mouth up and down Tommy's cock. She crammed her mouth with 8-inches of his member. Kristen's tongue probed his pee hole, as it oozed pre-cum.

The twins battered Tommy's balls with their tongues. Each twin lapped around his balls with their tongues. The twin sisters began to French kiss with Tommy's balls in the middle, being slobbered on, licked, and sucked.

Brittany and Cherri double-teamed Tommy's asshole. They probed both their tongues deep inside his anus. They used the tip of their tongues to flicker and lick around his asshole. The girls' hands massaged his parted ass cheeks.

Tommy gave in to the suck feast and shot a large load of cum down Kristen's throat. Since the orgasm was suddenly and Kristen started to choke on Tommy's load. She pulled Tommy's big dick from her lips and another load blasted the middle of her face.

"Damn Kristen! He got you good," teased Trishelle, as she popped his balls from her mouth.

Danielle moved her mouth up and down Tommy's shaft to taste his cum that trailed down from his cockhead. Brittany and Cherri closed his ass cheeks together and gave them one last kiss.

Tommy's cock, balls, and ass were covered in saliva. 

"Oh girls!" moaned Tommy.

Brittany pushed Tommy into a chair.

"We want you hard again, so sit back and enjoy the show," Brittany said.

Brittany lay on her back on the bed. Trishelle moved up between Brittany's legs and pulled down her soak thong and off her bare feet. Kristen and Cherri lied on opposite sides of Brittany and they closed their lips around Brittany's large nipples. Danielle sat down on Brittany's face and Brittany began eating her out, while Danielle's twin sister ate her out.

Tommy's cock instantly harden again as he watched the girls have their way with Brittany. Tommy got up and positioned himself behind Trishelle.

"I've always wanted to fuck the evil out of you," whispered Tommy in Trishelle's ear.

Tommy rubbed his cockhead against Trishelle's wet cunt. Tommy thrusted his big dick deep between Trishelle's cunt lips.

Trishelle moaned and groaned between Brittany's thighs, as Tommy thrusted in and out of her pussy. Tommy fucked Trishelle hard and bounced his crotch off her wobbling ass. He took a handful of Trishelle's ass and kneaded her cheeks.

Brittany locked her legs around Trishelle's head and her feet rested on her lower back. Trishelle furiously licked and sucked Brittany's pussy, as Tommy was pounding her own pussy.

Cherri and Kristen sucked on Brittany's huge tits. They crammed their mouths with Brittany's breast flesh and sucked her tits for all their worth. The girls soaked Brittany's chest in their saliva.

Cherri stood up and battered Brittany's enormous slippery F cups with her own double E cups. Cherri squished her big tits into Brittany's. Cherri then rubbed her hard nipples into Brittany's breast flesh. Cherri's nipples dragged themselves all over Brittany's fluffy boobs before finally rubbing against Brittany's nipples.

Kristen captured one of Brittany and Cherri's nipples between her mouth at the same time. She sucked on both girls' large breasts and nipples.

Brittany moaned deep in the pussy walls of Danielle. Brittany clutched Danielle's ass cheeks in both hands and her mouth sucked on her clitoris.

Danielle moaned and grinded her pussy into Brittany's face.

Trishelle raised her head from Brittany's soak pussy and cried out as Tommy pounded her cunt intensely. Tommy parted Trishelle's ass cheeks and spit in between them. He shoved his thumb into Trishelle's anus while he thrusted his cock deeper in her pussy. He gave her pussy some long, hard thrusts and pulled his cock from it.

"Now I'm going to fuck that pretty little ass of yours," Tommy teased Trishelle.

Tommy used one hand and smashed Trishelle's head against Brittany's creamy womb and used his other hand to lube and jerk his cock at Trishelle's ass. Tommy shoved his cock inside her anus and Trishelle let out a monstrous moan.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh!" Trishelle moaned.

Tommy grabbed onto her shoulders and thrust his big prick in and out of her asshole. Trishelle had never been fucked in her ass before and Tommy's big dick was painfully impaled inside.

Cherri climbed on top of Brittany's stomach and continued to rub her mammoth jugs into Brittany's. Cherri rested her face on Danielle's back.

Kristen stood up and grabbed Cherri's sweaty orbs and bounced them onto Brittany's sweat-glistening orbs.

Cherri's pussy started to leak pussy juice and Tommy leaned forward and sucked on Cherri's cunt.

Trishelle lifted up her head and joined Tommy in sucking Cherri's pussy. Both of their tongues probed deep inside Cherri's bald pussy. Cherri moaned and breathe heavily, as her pussy was being eaten by two and her huge tits were being played with.

Kristen grabbed Cherri's head and turned it facing her. Cherri had her mouth wide open as she moaned in silence. Kristen shoved one of her D cup tits between Cherri's lips and Cherri sucked on it savagely.

Brittany released Danielle's ass cheeks and reached up to pinch and pull on Cherri's big hard nipples. Cherri moaned louder with her mouth stuffed full of Kristen's tits.

The bed shook and rocked from Tommy's banging Trishelle's juicy ass. Trishelle had cum and soaked the bed sheet in her juices. Tommy pulled his cock from Trishelle's ass and took Trishelle's place between Brittany's legs.

Tommy rested his wet balls on Brittany's cunt and drove his cock in and out of Cherri's pussy. Tommy started to fuck Cherri while the two of them were on top of Brittany.

Kristen's tit fell out of Cherri's mouth and she moaned to Tommy's thrusting. Tommy's cock drilled balls deep into Cherri's warm cunt. His balls bounced and dragged against Brittany's pussy and Cherri's asshole. Cherri's monstrous breasts swayed back and forth across Brittany's colossal melons. Tommy reached under and cupped Cherri's breasts and squeezed them. He felt Brittany's pillowy jugs squish against the back of his hands, while his palms were full of Cherri's tits.

Danielle slammed her pussy down on Brittany's mouth, as Britt continued to eat her out. 

"Oh good Brittany! Eat my fucking pussy! Ohhhhh shit!" moaned Danielle, as she felt a pair of hands grab her bouncing double D's.

Cherri's hands had clutched onto Danielle's enormous knockers, while Tommy squeezed her double E's.

Both Tommy and Cherri had their feet locked under Brittany's slippery thighs as Tommy fucked Cherri doggy-style. Cherri's round ass pounded against his crotch with each hard thrust Tommy gave her.

"Oh Fuck! Oh yes Tommy! Fuck me. Oh God yes!" cried Cherri.
