 Brittany has been all over the town of Austin, Texas looking for a place to stay. She's attending Austin University so she can stay close to her family and friends. She didn't want to live at her parents' house any longer and didn't have enough money to stay on campus. Her only opinion was finding a cheap but decent apartment complex. All the nicer ones cost way over her limit if she stays there for four years during college. The college and books alone cost more then she could handle.

Brittany got lucky one evening while reading the apartment ads in the newspaper. She immediately circles the address and heads out of the door to the location. The apartment was located in the city, only 30 minutes away from the University. It was good enough for Brittany, only meant she had to wake up an hour early to get ready and go to school.

She arrives at the apartment complex with eagerness. She heads to the second floor of the complex where the vacated apartment was located. She walks up to apartment B33 and knocks on the door. She knocks again and a short man about her height opens up the door. Brittany didn't know what to expect seeing this man in the vacated room. He was bald on top with black hair on the sides of his head, had cat like whiskers and a large beer belly underneath his over stretched wife beater. He wore wide frame glasses, yellow shorts with red poke-a-dots on it, tube socks and fuzzy red house slippers. 

"Excuse me?" Brittany asks in a curious tone. "I thought this apartment B33 was empty?"

"It is," replies the man. "I'm the landlord of this apartment complex. My name is Harold Miller and I was just showing a potential buyer around."

Brittany was stun to know someone else might be getting the only apartment she could be able to afford.

"Are you here for this apartment too?" the landlord asks.

"Yes I am."

"Come right in and I'll show you around."

Brittany enters the apartment and lets her eyes wander around. She looks ahead into the empty living room with plastic doors to a balcony at the end. She turns to the left and sees a nice kitchen equipment with a refrigerator, stove, microwave, and a dish washer. She enters the living room and looks to the left. She sees a long hallway with two doors on the right and two doors on the left. A woman, tall, kind of cute and with shaggy blond hair comes out of one of the rooms. Brittany heard a toilet flushing so she must have came out of the bathroom. The woman sees Brittany and the two stare down each other.

"Cathy, this is... what's your name girl?" the landlord asks.

"Brittany."

"Cathy, meet Brittany. She too wants to buy this apartment."

Cathy gives Brittany a smug grin, then turns and looks at the landlord.

"Well since I was here first and see the entire place, I would like to rent it right now," Cathy says.

"Hold on a minute! I like this apartment too. Even though I didn't look everywhere, it seems like a nice and warm place for me to live while attending school. I would like to rent it," Brittany argues.

"Like I said, I was here first," Cathy argues back.

"Unless someone else isn't interested in this place, he can't sale it until they got the proper tour and is also interested in renting," Brittany says.

"I don't remember the part where the guy who owns this place had to wait hold out on someone else?" Cathy says. "If their money is better, then why should he wait and rent it out?"

The landlord is listening to the two girls bickering about renting the apartment. His eyes however were locked onto Brittany's massive boobs hidden away under a denim jean. The mammoth spheres were still noticeable through the jean. His eyes then shift over to Cathy's long legs covered with stockings and her ample ass bulging out the back of her black mini skirt.

"Ladies, ladies! Please! I'm sure we can work something out here? How about you two share this place?" the landlord suggests.

"Hell no! There is only way bed and I'm sleeping it in alone!" Cathy argues.

"I'm going to be sleeping in that bed!" Brittany disputes.

The two females got back to bickering and the landlord didn't know what to say. He was a 43 year old married man with 3 kids. Seeing two attractive women arguing over the apartment was arousing to him. He hasn't had sex in 2 years since his wife stop putting out after their 3 child. Porn on the computer or TV was his only opinion for pleasure. He was known to be a peeking tom to some of his female attentions. He would get his rocks off just by watching them walk up and down the halls of the apartment. His perverted mind came up with an idea to settle this dispute...

"Well ladies, this apartment does cost $450 a month. Not to mention the money you're going to be putting out for food, car payments, and school. Can either of you afford this place?" Harold asks.

"Well... money is a little tight, but I can afford it," says Brittany in a humble voice.

"So can I!" Cathy argues.

"Hearing that, the decision is going to be kind of hard to make. I'm going to need convincing a little bit more," Harold says in a sleazy manner. "I'll even drop $50 off the rent."

Both girls pause for a moment and think about what the landlord says.

"Remember girls, you won't find a place cheaper that looks as good as this," Harold reminds them.

"I'll give you a blowjob for the apartment!" Cathy utters out to the shocking ears of Brittany and the happy ears of Harold.

"That's what I like to hear," he replies.

He turns and looks at Brittany, waiting for some kind of proposal from her for the apartment.

"I'll show you my tits and give you a blowjob," Brittany utters.

Harold feels his cock growing after the sheer mention of showing her tits. He could tell they must be a seen to behold.

"Ok. So I don't have huge tits like this freak! I'll give you a blowjob and let you eat my pussy!" Cathy fires back.

His cock starts growing harder with the imagine of being between Cathy's long legs and eating her pussy.

"Now that sounds like a deal!" Harold shouts out with joy.

"Hold on!" Brittany exclaims. "I'll give you a blowjob, let you play with my tits, which are 36FF's by the way, and let you eat my pussy!"

"36FFs!!!" Harold shouts out astonish. "Never in a million years would I have thought with my luck, I would never be able to fondle a large breasted woman."

Brittany smiles perky at Harold and Cathy give her a stern look.

"I'll fuck your brains out!" Cathy shouts out! My long luscious legs wrap around your body while your dick ramming up into my pussy!"

Harold never imagines fucking another woman in real life. His wife has been the only girl he has fucked. His cock is ready to burst from his jeans. Brittany cocks a sad puppy dog frown and Harold though it was too adorable to ignore.

"Tell you what ladies... How about whoever gives me the best time of my life, gets the apartment for $300 a month!"

"DEAL!" both eager ladies shout out at the same time.

"Excellent! This is going to be the best day of my entire life!" Harold says to himself.

Harold goes into the laundry closet and grabs a comforter. He places it on the living room floor, removes his wife beater, and lies down in between both Brittany and Cathy. He had small man boobs covered in thick dark chest hairs and his large stomach jiggles with his movements. Brittany takes off her denim jacket and got stares from both Cathy and Harold especially. Her monster tits were covered in a tight teal shirt with the word bookworm stretch across massively. Harold had a huge dent in his shorts. Cathy unzips her black boots, takes those off, removes her stockings, and black mini-skirt. Harold looks her up and down starting at her bare feet to her hello kitty pink little panties. Brittany removes her tennis shoes as it seems her competition was trying to out do her. She undoes her denim jeans and takes them off. She kneels back down beside Harold in her teal shirt, white panties, and ankle socks. Cathy gives Brittany a small growl and Brittany sticks her tongue out at her. Harold places a hand on each of their asses. He squeezes and enjoys the soft ample flesh both asses provide. Both Brittany and Cathy run their hands up and down his hairy chest and stomach. They let their hands move further south to the rim of his shorts. They slide their hands into his shorts and grip his swollen cock. They push his shorts down to his knees and reveal his 7 inch fat cock.

"Very nice Mr. Miller," Cathy compliments as she squeezes the base of his cock.

"Hmmm. Thank you. Wish my wife was more grateful like you," he replies.

"Wife!?" Brittany says surprised.

She removes her hands from his chest and cock and sits back.

"Is there a problem big tits?" he asks Brittany.

"You're married sir? This is kind of wrong," she says.

"Looks like I get the dick and the apartment," Cathy says smugly.

Harold looks at Brittany with a disappointed look.

"Could have been yours Brittany. Good luck in finding any place with a great deal," he says.

Brittany contemplates on a decision.

"That won't be necessary. I want this apartment!"

Brittany goes back to rubbing Harold's man boobs and pinching his nipples. Cathy is face level at his cock and inserts the head between her lips. She bobs her head up and down between his legs, sucking and slurping his hard cock in her warm mouth.

"Ohhh that feels good!" Harold moans. "I never thought a blowjob could feel this fucking good!"

Brittany it was time to unleash her secret weapons. She pulls up her teal shirt and tosses it aside. Her humongous tits were barely contained in her black bra. Harold's eyes lit up like a kid in a candy store. He reaches up and squeezes her breasts through the bra. He buries his head between her bra clap breasts and kisses and licks all over her chest.

"Ohhhh God yes! Please show me these big beautiful breasts!" Harold moans.

Brittany unhooks her bra hooks and Harold's busy hands pulls down the straps. Her pale monstrous titties hung down on her chest like ripe pumpkins, heavy yet soft and feels like liquid make beanbags. Harold fastens his lips around her left small rock hard nipple. He nibbles on it for a second and uses the tip of his tongue to tease it. He squeezes both her behemoth breasts and was unable to capture their full size in his small paws. He lets her left nipple drop from his hot mouth and focuses on her right nipple. He swirls his tongue around her aureole and nipple. He sucks the nipple into his mouth and loudly slurps on it. Harold never imagines the day he would be sucking on a pair of huge tits. Feeling them pressing and bouncing against his face was a dream come true. Cathy could feel his cock growing harder between her lips. She cups his saggy balls and toys with them as her lips touch the base of his cock. She swallows his cock whole and savors it in her throat. She slowly drags her full lips up to his cockhead and keeps it in her mouth. She slobbery sucks his cockhead and uses one hand to stroke his hard wet cock. Harold moans deeply in the tender flesh of Brittany's massive fun bags. He kisses and licks them all over. His hands left red prints on her tits from mauling them savagely. Her nipples were red and wet from his mouth assault. Brittany drags her huge breasts across his hairy chest and stomach. Harold moans and groans while slipping one of his hands into Brittany's panties and fingering her wet cunt.

"God you're so fucking wet!" moans Harold. "Please sit on my face. I want to eat this delicious pussy."

Brittany stands up and removes her wet panties. She stood only in her white ankle socks. She hovers over his greedy face and plants her pussy directly over his hungry drooling mouth. Harold grabs hold of her ample ass and squeezes it while sucking her pussy. Brittany presses her hands on his chest and slowly rocks her cunt back and forth over his mouth.

"Ohhhh God! Hmmmm!" Brittany moans.

Harold nibbles Brittany's cunt lips and uses his tongue to lick them. He slides his tongue deep into her creamy wet womb and probes the inside. He finds her enlarge clitoris and flickers his tongue on it rapidly. Brittany begins breathing fast and heavy. Her moans get louder and she presses her enormous breasts against his stomach.

Cathy takes off her top and bra. She had a nice C cup and they jiggle with each breath she took. She sits down upon Harold's cock and begins riding him slowly. Harold removes his hands from Brittany's ass and places them on Cathy's. For years his cock has been dying for pussy and Cathy's pussy was indeed satisfying his cock's needs.

Brittany sat back up and rode Harold's face while Cathy rode his cock. If this was paradise Harold thought, he didn't want to leave. Both girls were moaning loudly to Harold's cock and mouth. He was a good pussy eater but his wife never knew that since she never let him go down on her. He was enjoying the sweet taste of this young woman. Brittany's pussy may not be fresh in general, but it was fresh to Harold.

Brittany's toes curl in her socks as her orgasm urge through her body. She licks her tongues to the sensational feeling of her future landlord's tongue. She also couldn't take her eyes off Cathy's bouncing breasts. They droop down from her chest; topple with wide pinkish aureoles and gumdrop size nipples. They were flopping in every direction and Brittany was really turned on by the sight. Cathy was never into 3somes unless involving two men, but she couldn't sheer her eyes clear away from Brittany's monster tits jiggling swiftly in front of her. Cathy slams her full ass up and down Harold's thighs. Her pussy tightly clamps on his hard cock while she bounces on it. Brittany couldn't hold back anymore and cums in Harold's mouth. Harold swallows her cum and not let a single drip make it pass his lips.

"OHHHHH! OOHHH FUCK!" utters Cathy as her cum begins flowing down his cock and balls. Harold squeezes Cathy's wobbling ass and thrusts his cock in and out of her cum running pussy. Cathy grabs a hold of Harold's knees and arches her back as she empties out her pussy of her current cum load. Once she finish, she gets up off his fluid cover cock and switch places with Brittany.

"Ohhhh yes. Let me taste your pussy now Cathy! I just love your pussy," Harold moans. "Suck my cock Brittany. Let me fuck those big titties!"

Brittany spread Harold's legs apart and sucks his pussy juice covered shaft into her mouth. Cathy plants her throbbing cunt on Harold's mouth and he begins giving her an expertly pussy eating like he did Brittany. 

"Ahhhhh! Eat my fucking pussy! Ohhhhh eat me! Oh, oh, oh shit!" Cathy moans as she bounces her huge ass on his forehead and rode his mouth.

Brittany wildly bobs her head between his legs, sucking his meaty cock down her throat. She releases his cock from her lips and lets her tongue slide all over it. She grips the wet cock in her hand and strokes it while her mouth sucks on both of his balls. She sucks one fat ball, then the other and releases them to slobbery loud pop sounds. Harold could be heard moaning and breathing heavy while expertly probe Cathy's creamy cunt with his tongue. Brittany kisses his cock one last time and flops her giant tits up on his thighs. Harold reaches down and kneads her tender and pillowy flesh. Brittany smothers his cock between her cleavage and holds her tits together. She moves her boobs up and down with his cock stuff in the vast valley of her jugs.

"Oh, oh, oh, oh my cock! Ohhhh your big tits feel so fucking soft around my cock. I love big titties. Oh, oh, oh," moans Harold.

Harold thrusts up his hips so his cock thrust between her huge boobs. His balls slap against the bottoms of her breasts and it was sending Harold over the edge.

"OHHH Shit! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Ohhhhh!" cries out Harold.

His hard cock was overheating between Brittany's bulk of soft flesh and his cum explores from his cock and spurts up to nail Brittany on her chin, neck, and chest. The rest of his hot cum flows down his cock and between her slippery cleavage. Brittany removes the cum soaked cock from between her huge breasts and slides her tongue around it, licking up all his left over cum. For the first time in years, Harold cums without using his hands and he is overjoyed by the experience. Brittany rubs Harold's white milk into her tits and nipples. Cathy continues to ride his face until her orgasm hits. She begins cumming in Harold's mouth and he was more then happy to swallow every bit of her sweet juices.

After a few minutes, things start to become settle again. Harold stays on the comforter butt naked while the girls decide to get dress.

"Hold on ladies!" Harold says. "I can't choose just yet. Our fun is not over yet. You girls undress yourselves and I'll be back."

Harold gets up off the floor and dresses himself. Brittany and Cathy give each other eerie looks as to what this pervert landlord is up too. He leaves the apartment, then returns 20 minutes later with a giant of a man. He was wearing a Hawaiian open button shirt showing off his large hairy chest and stomach, tan shorts showing off his muscular hairy legs and scandals barely able to hold his enormous feet. His jet black hair was done in a ponytail that nearly reach the middle of his back and he had a thick black mustache, wide long nose, and bug eyes. The girls didn't know what to expect while looking at this creepy individual Harold brought back to the apartment with him.

"Brittany and Cathy, meet my son Harry. He's a real virgin when it comes to woman. Never touch one in his life because hugging his mother and sisters," Harold says.

"Your son? Wow! He's like 7 foot tall or some shit!" Cathy says with some slight hesitation.

"You're not suggestion we fuck your son are you? Brittany asks.

"In order for me to decide who gets this apartment, the one who pleases my 25 year old son will win and only have to pay $250 a month! You can't beat that deal ladies."

Brittany and Cathy look at each other and sigh. They stood up so Harold and his son Harry could get a good look at their naked bodies. Harry's eyes immediately zeros in on Brittany's gigantic breasts. The paleness and large mountainous slopes hanging from her chest with wide light pink aureoles and small pink nipples. The kind of breasts Harry only saw on big natural breasts porn sites. His eyes move over to the much taller Cathy starting at her feet, he moves his vision up her long smooth legs and stops at her dripping wet cunt. He could see her large clitoris in plain view. He becomes overwhelmed with the first real life sight of naked girls. His cock expanses greatly within his shorts causing the girls' eyes to stare in amazement knowing Harold's son could be the owner of a huge dick.

"Go head Harry... don't be shy. They don't bite unless you want them too," gloats Harold. "And the biting is usually good!"

Harry walks over to Brittany and Cathy. He stands in between them and his eyes marvel over Brittany's enormous breasts as they are just inches from his grasp. Brittany and Cathy move to their knees and pulls down Harry's shorts. A log of a cock springs out throbbing sensationally.

"OH shit! That's huge! Bigger then huge!" grasps Cathy.

"I've seen my share of huge dicks and his ranks in the top three," Brittany says.

"I don't know where he got that from. Wasn't from me as you girls saw," Harold shyly says.

The two girls began moving their lips along the sides of Harry's huge dick. It was as thick as a German sausage and 2times as long. His balls were huge and hanging from beneath his cock like a pair of metal balls was weighting them down. Brittany kisses down his base to his heavy nuts. Her tongue lightly swirls over one large nut and then the other. She scoops one of his balls into her mouth and suckles on it. Cathy wildly bobs her head up and down his meaty dick. With each bob, she moves her head down further on his cock and leaves a trail of saliva. Her tits were flopping outward from her chest and Harry's father couldn't help but watch the action and stroke his own cock.
