 I have been very busy lately trying to keep with satisfying my eager step-sons and their constant sexual needs. Tom prefers to ass fuck me when we are alone and enjoys abusing me at these times, slapping me hard, forcing my face into his cock, calling me derogatory names and pissing in my face. When with Denise he treats me better and likes fucking our twats and mouths while we 69 together. 

Matt has had a few more parties where I am both the hostess and the door prize. As Matt can fuck me any time we are alone, at the parties he tends to have me focus on satisfying his 3 friends, enjoying his role as party master, defining who can use me when and in what ways. His favorite is definitely having me squat over one boy and mount his cock and ride him up and down on his dick using only my legs while I hold both cocks of the other two boys and alternate sucking and stroking them. As the boys are all 18 their ability to cum repeatedly is amazing and each typically cums in my pussy, in my mouth or on my breasts 3 or 4 times a night. 

A few days ago the third and oldest of my step-sons came for a visit along with his wife. They are each about 30 years old and live at the other end of the city. He is a surgeon at a local hospital and she has a law office. He is a bit short and puggy, like his father, but she is something of a beauty queen - tall slender beautiful blonde, perfect smile, dreamy eyes, plump lips ample perky breasts, 36C I would guess. Anyway, they were visiting my husband and I and suggested that we visit them for dinner this Wednesday. My husband said that he would be away on business (as always) but he suggested that I still attend. I welcomed the opportunity for a change and accepted their kind offer. 

Wishing to suggest that I was a good wholesome type of wife for my in-laws I dressed rather conservatively for the visit, wearing a thick long dress buttoned up to my neckline, hair up in a bun, flats and without any make up. Arriving at their house we all sat and chatted together. His name is John, and she is Christine. Christine was exceptionally prim and proper, obviously the product of a very wealthy and prestigious family. John was polite but made me uncomfortable by seeming to frequently have with eyes fixated upon my bust line. We had just finished dinner and were about to open another bottle of wine when John's cell range and he announced that he had to go to the hospital for an emergency but would return shortly and encouraged us girls to stay and have a few more drinks until he could get back. 

As I was enjoying the evening and the wine, I accepted the offer to prolong my stay. As Christine and I had a few more drinks she began to ask peculiar inquiries of me. She asked if as a nun whether I had any sexual experiences in the convent. And now as a wife whether I had any fantasies I would like to explore. She asked if I was accustomed to drinking yet and if I ever tried wearing sexy clothes. And lastly, and most strangely, she asked how large my breasts were, and were they natural, commenting that she couldn't help but notice her husband's apparent infatuation with them. 

I was shocked by these questions and tried to answer them as best I could, being honest but reserved. I said that my bust was a natural 38DD and that I had noticed her husband's attention toward them and felt ashamed of myself, but she explained that his staring actually turned her on! I mentioned that at the convent I had no sexual contact with the other nuns but that we did shower together and confessed that I had admired the figures of some of the ladies and noticed many of them glaring at my large breasts. I also confessed that while I had no particular fantasies I did find the sex in my marriage on the dull side. I also mentioned suggestively that I was not used to drinking and that I tried to restrict my intact as unfortunately alcohol left me highly prone to suggestion and I was afraid it might get me into some trouble someday. And lastly I confessed that I had always been curious about sexy clothes but that I had always been too shy and nervous to ever try any on. 

Bringing us both another glass of wine she said that she had many sexy outfits upstairs that we could try on together while John was away. Just a little girl fun she explained. I giggled and pretended to be shy, saying that I must politely decline her offer. But she persisted and with the next glass of wine I submitted and agreed to try on a few of the less naughty clothes she had. Ascending the stairs with her to their bedroom I deliberately swayed quite a bit to give the impression that I was more tipsy than I truly was. 

She brought out a number of sexy little negligées and laid them on the bed. She said that these would look very sexy on me. I explained that I was much too shy to wear such revealing clothes but she just said abruptly "Oh, such nonsense. You will love them once you try them on. You just need to shed that heavy dress first." I hesitated and hummed and procrastinated, saying I didn't think that I was ready yet. After a while she grew impatient and ordered sternly "Grace, just take off the dress, now!" 

My eyes dropped to the floor and I began to disrobe, uttering in a little girl's voice "Yes Mother Superior, as you command." 

Looking at my body now stripped down to my bra and panties Christine asked "why did you do as I told you to do when I used a firm voice, and why did you call me mother superior?"

"We were trained in the convent to obey the mother superior without question. We were all very frightened by her and all very much under her strict control. As I mentioned, when I drink I tend to be open to suggestion, obeying strict orders given to me. Just habit I suppose. Sorry for being so docile Christine." I responded meekly.

"Obey without question," she repeated, "hmmm, certainly opens up some interesting possibilities." 

"What was that madam?" I inquired, pretending to have not heard her. 

"Oh nothing dear." she responded and then continued with her thought "So the challenge we have here is that you are quite busty and to fit in these outfits you will need to remove your bra. They will still be very tight, but they should fit."

I continued to make excuses, saying that I felt uncomfortable removing my bra in front of her and tried to delay, after which she looked me in the eyes and demanded "Grace, you remove your bra right now!" 

Dropping my eyes to the ground again I replied humbly "Yes Mother Superior." and unclasping my bra let it fall to the ground. 

Putting her finger to my chin and lifting my head up she said "Call me Mistress, and look me in the eyes when I give you an order and you obey." 

"Yes Mistress I replied", keeping my eyes in line with hers. 

"Good girl," she said and then added "now let's have a look at these breasts shall we." 

Standing still and straight before her I let her eyes explore my exposed hanging breasts. Extending her arms she cupped each breast in a hand and began to lift and squeeze them. "Well these certainly are very heavy and pendulous breasts that you have Grace. Massive and perfectly shaped. I can understand now why my husband is so infatuated with your tits. And such big dark nipples you have too." she added as she released my breasts and began to pull on my firm nipples. 

Having me stand before her only in my panties she began to bombard me with further questions. She asked if I enjoyed looking at the others nuns naked, and if I had masturbated fantasying about being with one of them. She asked if I had enjoyed her playing with my breasts. And she asked if I had ever slept with any man other than John's father and if I masturbated fantasying about other men. 

I confessed that I had rubbed myself imagining being together with some if the nuns and that I had only slept with my husband. I also confided that I had fantasized about what other cocks would feel like inside of me, and that I had thoroughly enjoyed her touching my breasts. 

Returning her hands to my breasts and beginning again to caress and fondle the curves of my tits she looked me in the eyes and said "Grace, kiss me. On the lips. Passionately. Now." Pushing forward against her so that her fingers pressed deeply into the flesh of my breasts I kissed her hard and long on her mouth. Sliding away she asked "You like girls as well as men don't you Grace? Would you like to see me naked, like the nuns Grace?" 

"Yes Mistress, very much so to both your questions my Mistress" I responded. 

"Remove your panties Grace, and then help me remove my clothes." Christine ordered gently. Discarding my panties so I was nude before her I then helped her to undress. I undid the zipper at the back of her evening dress and it slipped to the floor. Her long soft blonde hair flowed down over her slender back as her graceful legs kicked her dress away. Her perfectly curved and sensuous bum was bare, with only a thong to conceal her crack. Undoing he bra she turned to me to reveal the two most perfectly formed breasts I had ever seen. Her figure was divine and that of a glamour model and I felt as if I was standing before a Goddess. 

Intoxicated I stared at her perfect body. "Do I meet with your approval?" She asked and I nodded, unable to talk. "Now down on your knees Grace and remove my panties." she commanded. Kneeling before her like a mortal before her Goddess I pulled her panties down and around her feet. Kneeling before her, her clean shaven pussy was directly before my face. Putting her hand on my head she ordered "Look up at me Grace. Look up. Grace, lick my pussy Grace. I know you want to. Do as you are told. Lick my pussy Grace, lick it now."

With that she pressed my face to her bare flesh and spreading her legs slightly while standing she thrust my face into her very wet twat. Clasping her ass cheeks from behind with my hands to give myself extra leverage I dove my face into my Goddess's snatch and vigorously gorged myself on her juices. "God what a vicious and hungry little pussy munching slut you are!" She moaned as her legs began to shake uncontrollably. As she spread her legs wider to give me more access I began to hungrily lick deep inside her vagina. In a few minutes I felt her cunt spasm in my mouth as she gushed a quart of pussy fluid over my face. Collapsing to the bed she ordered me to lay beside her. 

We coiled and intertwined our bodies as we kissed and explored each other's breasts, ass's and pussy's. The phone then rang and answering it she told me that her husband was on his way home and she wanted to play a little game on him. She said she wanted to tease him with my breasts so that he would fuck her hard that night. I agreed to participate in her little game of teasing and we both put on nighties. Her nightie was small around my chest and caused my breasts to be pushed together and upward, leaving very little to the imagination. 

When John arrived home he found Christine and I sitting on the couch together holding glasses of wine and each wearing the tiniest of teddies. Our legs were bare, we had on no panties and both of us made our cleavage most obvious. Asking what was going on here, Christine responded that we had had too much to drink during his absence and so I was staying over the night. As I had no evening wear with me, she lent me a teddy. Sitting beside his wife John glared over at my body, with most of his emphasis directed at my boobs. Teasing her husband Christine said "As you might have noticed Grace's chest is so large it barely fits in the teddy. In fact, when we were changing and I saw her bare breasts and noticed how big and firm and round they were and I thought she might have to go topless all night." 

We both giggled as she said this and a bulge could be seen visibly growing under his pants. Before he could say a word in response Christine jumped up and said to me "Oh I love this song, come dance with me Grace." 

I stood and danced with Christine before he husband, letting him explore our shaking and bobbing bodies. Then she motioned me closer and we danced holding each other. She began to rub her hands over my body, touching my legs, bum and chest. She told me to do the same with her. Then she told me to give her a deep romantic kiss. As we held each other swaying to the music, caressing each other's bodies and engaging in occasional deep kisses her husband stared at us, watching intensely as he stroked his hard on through his pants. 

After a few songs we returned to the couch. Christine told me to sit on her husbands lap. Gently setting myself down I could feel his rigid dick pressing against my ass. Christine told me to take her husband hand into my own and place it on my breast. I obeyed without hesitation. He stared at Christine as he rubbed my boob with a quizzical look. "How do you like our new little toy?" she asked John. "Go ahead, enjoy the breast in your hand dear." 

"I don't understand." he managed to blurt out. 

"Well dear," she explained "recall how we always wanted another woman for a threesome. Well, Grace is our new toy. She is obedient to my every command. And she is my gift to you, dear husband. Do you like your gift, our new toy?" She inquired.

As he rubbed my chest and my bare thighs he replied "Oh yes, very much. But what can you make her do?" He inquired. 

"Let me show you." She responded. Looking at me she said "Grace, lower your nightie to show my husband you breasts, then put his hands on your tits, and then give him a big wet passionate kiss with some tongue action." 

"As you command Mistress." I replied and performed her instructions as directed. Lowering the top I exposed my breasts to John. I then placed both his hands upon him. Giving him a minute to enjoy his new found squeeze toys I then gave him a deep kiss, thrusting my tongue into his mouth. 

After he explored my breasts for some time by squeezing and crushing them over and over, with an expression of pure boyish delight on his face, Christine interrupted "Grace, stand, strip and stand before my husband completely nude so that he can explore the rest of your body." 

"As you command my Mistress, I shall obey." I responded and standing up I removed the nightie and let him explore my bared ass, bush and tits. 

Sucking my nipples he also slid a finger into my pussy. "She is wet!" he announced. 

"Of course dear," Christine replied, "as I said she is our new sex toy. You said you wanted a busty pretty bi girl for our threesome. Well voilà, here she is." 

"She is bi too?" John inquired. 

"Permit me to show you!" She said. Spreading her legs while sitting on the couch to expose her bare pussy she commanded "Grace, on your knees before me and eat my pussy!" Pulling myself from John's hungry exploring hand I kneeled before her and promptly began to munch on her beautiful twat once again without hesitation. John watched in awe as I ate his wife's cunt, pulling his pecker from his pants to stroke it while enjoying the show. 

"God, she looks like she is awesome with her tongue. How is she with sucking cock?" John inquired. 

"Let's find out." Christine replied. "Grace, suck my husband cock, now!" She commanded. 

"Yes Mistress." I responded and moving over took his cock from his hand and slipped it into my throat. As I slurped and sucked and licked and nibbled on this newest piece of juicy meat I have been introduced to, Christine asked her husband "So how is our slutty new toy at sucking cock dear?" 

"A truly fabulous little cock sucker. My father's wife surprises me at how wonderfully she takes a cock into her mouth!" 

"Would you like to try a titty fuck as well?" She offered him. "Grace, tit fuck my husband's dick and thank him for complimenting you on your cock sucking skills." 

Pressing his cock between my breasts I said "Thank-you sir for saying that your father's wife is such an accomplished cock sucker. I am your toy and here to please you and my new Mistress." 

As I pumped away at John's meaty member with my compressed breasts he stroked my hair and my face, inserting his fingers into my mouth to have me suck on them and he groped and squeezed and pulled at my tits and nipples.

"God this new little sex toy you brought me is amazing dear," John said to Christine, "I simply love her giant big fat tits! I would never have guessed that my dad's new bitch would be such a willing and fabulous slut! Does she fuck cock as well with her cunt as she does with her lips and tits?" He asked. 

"Once again, a fabulous question dear, let's find out shall we!" Christine responded. "Grace, on your knees before me and get on all fours!" 

Placing myself before my Mistress I raised my ass into the air as she shoved my face back between her thighs, pressing my lips once again against her lovely pussy. "Fuck the slut as you please John" she said, offering my cunt to her husband. 

As I licked at her wet flesh John mounted me from behind and thrusting his dick into me proceeded to fuck me like I was a common whore. "Don't cum too soon dear," Christine said, you want to take your time and fuck her all night long." 

Through the evening hours they moved me throughout the house, having me eat pussy, suck cock and get fucked in every room, in every conceivable position and orientation. John fucked me over the dining room table, on the kitchen counter and bent me over the billiards table. I squatted over his dick and fucked him on chairs, on the floor and even on the toilet. They had me lick pussy while I was fucked and suck cock was Christine used a dildo in my sopping hungry cunt.

"Has your husband ever butt fucked you Grace?" Christine inquired. 

"No Mistress." I responded.

"Would you like to pop this little sluts ass cherry John?" she slyly asked.

"Yes, yes!" He exclaimed in excitement. 

Taking the dildo and some K-Y she said "Then let me prep this ass for you." and she slowly started to work the dildo into my bum as I continued sucking on his balls and cock.

After some time of loosening up my butt Christine said "She is ready for you now dear." and motioned John to behind me as I assumed a doggy position. She then kneeled beside her husband and held his cock, helping him to feed it into my stretched and prepared ass.

"Oh yes, there you are dear, balls deep into her virgin slut ass. Now pump our new toys asshole hard, use her like a whore." she urged John. Pounding my ass hard John's cock soon burst, shooting hot streams of cum into my bum. 

Following this we laid on the bed naked, with John and Christine on either side of me, each playing with my body. John focused on squeezing and sucking my breasts, obviously delighted with the size of them, while Christine enjoyed entering my pussy and ass with her fingers. 

As John fell to sleep Christine put me to bed in a guest room. 

I awoke in the morning to Christine's voice. Sitting beside me on the bed she said "Wake up my little play doll. Time to serve your Mistress again." 

I explained that the night before had been very exciting for me but that without the alcohol I wasn't submissive and that I no longer felt comfortable serving her and John sexually. At this she told me to sit up and she would explain the situation to me. On sitting up she promptly seized each of my breasts in her hands and digging her long nails deep into my sensitive flesh and crushing my breasts in her palms she said "Now listen here you simple fucking bitch. You serve me now, willingly or not. If you don't do exactly what I say I will tell your husband that you came here last night, got drunk and fucked my neighbor. I'll even tell your hubby you let the man ass fuck you!" 

In pain from her claws digging deeply into my breasts I pleaded "Please stop hurting me Mistress, I will be your slut and do as you say!" 

Releasing my tits she commended me "Good little fuck toy. Now go clean yourself up and then join us in our room." 
