 Besides being my entry in the Summer Livin' Contest, this is a story I wrote for Busty Jessica, because she likes reading about her sex orgies almost as much as she likes being the center of them. There are many women named Jessica, but there is only one Busty Jessica, and that is why I and all her other fuck buddies call her by her full name. 

She is a woman who really loves sex of all kinds. If asked to name her favorite sex act, unless her mouth happened to be happily busy with a cock or pussy or licking someone's ass, she would say it was whatever fun thing she was doing or whatever was being done to her at the time. If that was being the filling in a sandwich, with two men pistoning their cocks in and out of her ass and pussy, that would be the one she picked as loving the most. If somebody like George Boxlicker or Melissa happened to be eating her pussy, her reply would be a preference for that person's mouth giving her thrills. And, whatever she said, she would be telling the truth, because Busty Jessica absolutely loves all kinds of sex with all kinds of people. 

That was why, one hot August day, she was so happy to call her friend, George, and invite him and as many other people as he wanted to bring to join her in a big sex orgy at her friends' home. The house where they lived was at the end of a long driveway in a rural area just outside the city. Their backyard was surrounded by a ten foot high cement block wall for privacy, and featured an Olympic-size swimming pool, and the party would be held there. Busty Jessica and her friends and George all believe that, when you are putting on a sex orgy, the more horny, naked people there are in attendance, the better it is for everybody. 

When she made the call to George, she was staying at that home, and he spoke to her friends too. All of them had just finished enjoying a threesome, a true threesome, with all the participants pleasuring each other, and they had talked about a bigger group getting together on the following Saturday afternoon. Busty Jessica knew that George could arrange such a party, because he had done it for her before, so she called him about it. He really loves getting together events like the kind she was talking about, especially with sexy women there, such as the one on the other end of the line, and he said he would be very happy to do it. Later, he told me about the conversation. 

"I'd never met Randy and Sarah, but they seemed like the kind of people I like to know. He told me that his name is short for Randolph but, whatever else his name might have been, he would be called Randy because the name fit him so well. He loved the idea of getting an orgy together, especially if it involved his wife and Busty Jessica and some other hotties." 

I certainly couldn't blame randy Randy. Almost any straight guy would love getting together for sex with either of those women, because they are two of the hottest women I have ever seen or even heard of. Busty Jessica's face is very pretty, with a clear, creamy complexion, green eyes, dark brown hair and a generous mouth. Sometimes people refer to a mouth as being "generous" when they mean rather large, in an attractive way. That would describe the lady in question, but her mouth is also generous because it loves to provide pleasure to asses or cocks or pussies and she isn't particular about which or whose body part she is entertaining at any given time. 

Her ass is gorgeous and curvaceous, and extremely accommodating to either cocks or tongues or dildos, but her most outstanding feature is that which has inspired her nickname. Her breasts are large, perfectly formed and completely natural and they jut and sway and bounce provocatively especially when she is naked, which is obviously her natural state at parties such as the one she was talking about. 

Of course, George invited other beautiful and sexy women and, as could be expected, the first person he called was his friend, Melissa. I say "as could be expected," because it is well known that he has a huge crush on her, although he denies it. He can't really be blamed, for she is a truly beautiful redhead, with freckles on her face and downy soft, light red pubic hair, and she loves orgies almost as much as George and Busty Jessica do. 

Both women have gorgeous, all-natural bodies, and enjoy either women or men. They have been together on at least one other occasion, and immensely enjoyed eating out each other then. I'm sure that either of them would want very much to enjoy more of the other's nectar and to have her pussy eaten again, maybe a couple of times. 

George called Susan also, who is blonde, blue-eyed and plump in a very sexy way. She is not bisexual, but loves having her pussy eaten by either men or woman. Her favorite partner is her brother, Steve, who is tall and blonde and hung like the proverbial stud bull. George knew Busty Jessica and the other women would love to have him there, and it was necessary to ask Susan to attend in order to be sure to get him. Of course, Susan is one of his favorites too, and attended many of the parties he arranged before he even met Steve.

Another person George called was Candace, a very attractive young black woman, whose most favorite thing is sucking cocks, and she also loves to have a man's face between her thighs. He was just selfish enough to want her there to have another juicy pussy to eat, because she would probably not get very involved with Busty Jessica. Candace has nothing against woman-on-woman sex, but she loves cocks so much, she just doesn't get personally involved in it. 

June is bisexual too, and another one of his favorites, and she often attends parties such as this one with Melissa. Sometimes the two of them get together on Friday evenings when neither of them has anything better to do. June is tall and rather slender, with smallish breasts and hips and short black hair. She is older than most of the others who would be there, as is George, which is one reason they are such good friends, although he doesn't have a crush on her as he does on Melissa. He says he doesn't have a crush on anybody, but nobody believes him, and we all laugh at his silly denials. 

Those were only some of the people George lined up to attend the pool party, which was looking as if it would be one of the biggest and best gatherings he had ever arranged. He and Melissa were the first two persons to arrive early on Saturday afternoon. Busty Jessica was already there when they drove up, because she was spending the weekend with her friends, and she introduced George and Melissa to her host and hostess. 

As George told me later, Randy and Sarah are both about forty years old. She has light brown hair and green eyes and a rather plump figure, which is the kind George prefers. "Real women have curves," he always says. 

Randy is prematurely bald, but what little hair he still has is dark brown. When he saw Melissa in her skimpy shorts and tank top and no bra, he became even randier, and he and his wife had a group hug with her and took turns kissing her. Those three and Busty Jessica headed out to the pool, while George stayed by the front door, acting as host because he knows all the people he invited and wanted to be there to greet them. He hoped he would soon be able to end or delegate that job and join the others, especially the gorgeous women, who were probably already naked and disporting themselves sexually, with each other or with the one incredibly lucky man among them. 

June arrived by herself and, after kissing George "Hello," she joined the group around the pool. Randy was probably getting randier by the second, because that made four women surrounding him, all of them eager for sex with him and with each other and whatever other men or women arrived later. 

Susan and Steve drove there together, of course. George was happy to see them also, partly because he considers Steven to be something of a protégé, and partly because he enjoys sex with Susan. He expected the other women to be even happier to see Steve, because of the way he is hung and the way he loves to eat pussy almost as much as George does. In particular, June would be glad to see the tall young man. She was the second woman to experience his big cock in her pussy and, ever since that time, she has been avid to get it back in there for repeat performances as often as possible. 

George had invited a good number of people, but that didn't necessarily mean they would be the only ones there. If someone brought along a friend or relative, and vouched for that person fitting in with the crowd, they were both equally welcome. One man who did that was Sam, who is a regular at parties George arranges. He is a burly black man, whose cock belies the popular stereotype of the hung black stud, being no more than average in size. 

He arrived with another black man, somewhat larger, and he introduced him to George as his younger brother, Corey, who turned 18 years old the previous week, making him eligible to attend parties such as the one that day. George shook hands with both men and directed them to the back yard, where, he knew, the orgy was underway. He was already hearing happy sounds, such as the cry of joy that Susan sometimes makes when she climaxes, especially when it's from her brother's cock in her pussy or ass. 

After the arrival of everybody who was expected, George locked the door and eagerly started for the back yard. He had been barefoot, but otherwise fully dressed, and he started unbuttoning his Hawaiian shirt on the way. Although eager, he is not foolish enough to try to remove his pants while walking, so he sat on a chair just inside the rear exit and removed them and his underwear. As naked as he knew everybody else was, he happily strode out to the back yard, looking for a chance to fuck, after first eating a nice hot, wet pussy. The opportunity for his first wish was presented almost immediately. 

"Hi, Candace," he greeted the first woman he came to. 

She did not respond, except for a wave of her hand, because her mouth was otherwise busy sucking the cock of Aaron, another friend of George who likes to attend these parties. He was sitting on the front edge of a wooden lawn chair and she was kneeling in front of him, slowly moving her lips up and down on his shaft, taking its entire length into her mouth with every stroke. There was really no need to speak anyhow, because Candace knew what George wanted, and she wanted it too, so she spread her legs apart and he lay on his back and slid under her to get his tongue busy doing what it loves to do, eating a delectable pussy. 

Once George joined in, everybody at the party was sexually involved with at least one other person and Busty Jessica, as could have been expected, was one of the most active. Randy was lying on his back and living up to his name. Busty Jessica, the Guest of Honor, to the degree there was such a person, was straddling him, slowly moving up and down as her pussy enveloped and released his cock. Melissa was kneeling over his face and the lucky guy was avidly eating her incredible pussy, with some of her delicious juices running down and over his face to soak into the ground and be wasted. Busty Jessica was also using her mouth on the gorgeous redhead, eagerly licking Melissa's delightful ass. 

Although she was already having a lot of fun, she couldn't help thinking there was something missing. When she looked around, she couldn't see any man or woman with a dildo immediately available to fuck her curvy ass. Figuratively speaking, Busty Jessica shrugged her shoulders and concentrated on what was available, which was all first class. 

That would definitely include the insides of Melissa's ass cheeks, because the skin there is as beautiful as that on her face, and felt to her tongue like a warm satin pillow. The redhead's pink rosebud was one of the cutest things she had ever seen, and her tongue had already spent quite a bit of time there, while Randy's tongue had been caressing Melissa's pussy. The woman getting the double licking was whimpering blissfully from the excruciating pleasure the two mouths were giving her, while her body thrashed in between their faces. Both Randy and Busty Jessica knew she was on the verge of cumming, and knew that her climaxing would be the best part of eating her pussy and ass. 

Melissa wasn't the only one who was ready to cum. Although she had started moving slowly when she first impaled herself on Randy's cock, which was long and thick, and also strictly first class, Busty Jessica had picked up the pace since then. She was leaning forward too so, with every stroke, her clit was massaged by the entire length of his shaft. Her level of pleasure had been mounting ever since she started, as a volcano builds up to an eruption, and she knew the volcano inside her was almost ready to explode. 

Randy was also close to cumming. He had good control, and had been holding back on his climax, which is hard for any man to do when his cock is being enveloped and released by a pussy like Busty Jessica's, and her well-trained muscles are caressing it at every stroke. From the way her body was rocking from side to side, Randy thought she was as ready to cum as he was. He couldn't tell, because his face was buried in Melissa's pussy with his lips wrapped around her clit, and he couldn't see anything. 

Busty Jessica's mouth was plastered against the same lady's ass, so she was unable to make the sounds of pleasure that he knew his cock would have been evoking. Randy certainly would not have complained about either of those lacks, because the juices surrounding his nose and mouth were some of the most fragrant and delicious he had ever known, besides the pussy being such a marvel. 

"Oh, god! I'm cumming," Melissa warbled joyously. The two avid people whose tongues had brought about that wonderful state held tightly to her body so she would enjoy cumming but wouldn't throw herself out from the middle of the happy pile of lust. 

She continued to thrash from side to side between them, with her arms flailing and her feet kicking the ground. Both mouths continued with what they had been doing. Busty Jessica's arms and hands held Melissa's ass in place while her tongue thrust against the adorable rosebud. Randy continued sucking on the redhead's clit, while licking the swollen morsel that was filling his mouth so delightfully. 

"Yes!" Melissa cried out as she climaxed. 

After her orgasm, her body relaxed between the two people. Busty Jessica, wanting her share of the nectar that had just been produced, moved her face so her tongue could start lapping at Melissa's crotch. Randy also didn't want to get cheated out of any of the delicious juices, and he quickly licked all of them from her still-swollen pussy lips, and even sucked the freshest nectar from the dripping hole that had produced it. When they had cleaned off everything available, they started to concentrate on their fucking. 

Her hands remained on Melissa's hips, and Busty Jessica used the grip to steady herself and as leverage while raising her body and lowering it to impale herself on Randy's shaft. His hands remained on the small of the redhead's back, where he had put them to hold her in place while she was cumming, and he also gained leverage to ram his cock up into the pussy that was alternately engulfing and releasing it. They continued at a rapid pace, until Busty Jessica sang out her exuberance at starting to cum.  

Her movements and those of Randy's cock in and out of her continued at the same speed, but she swayed from side to side as she moved up and down. With her mouth no longer otherwise busy, she urged Randy to keep fucking her and to make her cum. Abruptly, that was what happened. Busty Jessica gave out a great cry of joy, and collapsed forward so she sprawled on top of Melissa. Randy grabbed her arms to keep her from falling to the side and kept driving his cock in and out of her pussy. His own climax was just seconds away, but he believes that nice guys finish last. 

Less than a minute after starting to cum, Busty Jessica cried out again, in even greater ecstasy, that she had climaxed. After her orgasm, the first of many she expected to reach that day, she totally relaxed on top of Melissa's prone body. Randy didn't relax, but started fucking her even faster and harder until he also climaxed, and even then he didn't stop. He continued for almost two dozen more strokes, until he had ejaculated twice more into his condom. Randy wanted to relax, and so did Busty Jessica, but the woman between them was rested and wanted to find new partners, so she squeezed her way out and left, while the other two people lay quietly, catching their breaths and thinking about what they would do next. 

While Busty Jessica and Randy and Melissa had been reveling in their own climaxes, the rest of the people at the orgy had been doing about the same. Candace had finished sucking off Aaron, including swallowing all the cum she could squeeze out of his cock, and was concentrating on what George's mouth was doing for her pussy. This was not the first time he had eaten her out, and she always receives extreme pleasure from the great orgasms that he always brings about. 

The one that day was no different. She was kneeling with his head between her thighs, while her hands gripped the chair that Aaron still occupied. His cock was no longer fully erect, but her thrashing movements above George resulted in Candace rubbing her pretty tan face all over it, and it was starting to get hard enough for more fucking or being sucked off. 

"Yes!" she sang out delightedly. "Suck my clit! I'm cumming!" 

George didn't need to be convinced that was the right thing to do. His hands gripped inside her ass cheeks to keep her in place above him, and his mouth stayed snugly around Candace's clit. Her thighs clamped onto George's head as she bounced up and down above him and rocked from side to side while she was cumming. When she climaxed, it was with a great convulsion of her whole body, clamping her hands onto the arms of the lawn chair, squeezing his head with her legs and ramming her pussy one last time against his face. 

After her orgasm, she relaxed completely, pressing her pussy against the mouth that had just brought it about, while George happily licked all the nectar from it. He even sucked every delicious drop from the pink hole that had produced it. There was a good chance that Candace might have wanted to use those last juices as lubrication for some fucking, but he loves it so much, he sucked it out of her adorable pink hole, licked it off every other part of her body and swallowed it all. 

When his feast ended, George went looking for more fun, because he knew there was plenty to be had. By that time, the sex orgy was in full swing, with everybody fucking or sucking or eating or having one or more of those things done to them. Steve was lying on his back with his sister on top, slowly moving up and down, while she alternately enveloped his cock in her pussy and released it. Larry Kramer, the off duty cop, was paying his respects to his hostess, sitting on the edge near the shallow end of the pool, while Sarah was standing in the water sucking his cock and June was on her knees eating her hostess's pussy. In fact, everybody else was already involved, but when George was closer to Busty Jessica, she rolled off Randy and greeted him. 

"Hey, George, I just got done fucking and my pussy is full of my juices. How about licking all of them off me and making me cum and feed you some more?" 

To him, that sounded like a great idea and, when she sprawled on her back in the grass, he knelt beside her and started licking one of her erect, dark pink nipples. He knew she was as full of nectar as she had said, and it was his for the taking, but he is a creature of habit, and likes to follow the same pattern when he eats a pussy. This time, he didn't spend much time on her breasts before kneeling between her thighs. Busty Jessica raised her legs, and George ducked under them so they rested on his shoulders, and he wrapped his arms around them, bringing his face inches from her dripping wet pussy. Before he could get any farther, Heidi came up and wanted some of the action, which the other friendly woman was more than happy to provide. 
