 All rights reserved.

(Special thanks to pennlady for all of her tireless editing work and of course thank you to Busty Jessica who inspires me with her wicked thoughts time after time.)

Busty Jessica stretched, swung out of bed and walked over to the full-length mirror on the far wall. She admired her reflection for a few moments as she moved her hands up to cup her large, heavy breasts. She gently pinched her nipples; they were thick. long and very sensitive. They were the finishing touch on her magnificently full natural boobs. 

Jessica was hot and she knew it. She was tall and athletic with full lips, thick dark hair and wide hips and of course, they didn't call her Busty Jessica for nothing. She had just turned eighteen and graduated from high school. She planned to spend the summer partying with the rest of her former classmates.

Jessica turned on the shower, let it warm up, and then stepped under the warm, inviting water. Her thoughts drifted to her boyfriend, Ryan He was the first and only boy that she had ever had sex with, but they had tried just about everything. 

Jessica's favorite sexual activities were oral and anal sex, in that order. She could orgasm just from anal sex and Ryan never seemed to complain about it. Before meeting Ryan, she had only given blowjobs and had become quite good at it. She had perfected deep-throating on Ryan. God, she loved him.

Thinking about her boyfriend and relaxing under the pulse of the shower, Jessica moved her hand down between her legs. She slowly moved her fingers along her slit and moaned out loud. Just thinking about sex got Jessica aroused and wet. She leaned back against the shower wall and spread her legs just a little for balance, and slowly inserted a finger into her pussy. She worked in a second finger and started to fuck herself gently. With her other hand, Jessica started to rub her clit. It only took a few minutes before she came. She smiled after completing her morning ritual.

Jessica dried off fixed her hair and make up, and then went into the bedroom to get dressed. She decided upon a tight tank top and short denim skirt. Satisfied, she went downstairs to get some breakfast and coffee. 

SMACK!!

Jessica fell back into the living room and crashed down onto the floor, grateful it was carpeted. A tear streamed down her cheek as she looked up at her step-father. This was starting to become a regular occurrence and he was becoming more violent and angry each time.

"I thought I told you to be in before midnight last night!" he yelled. "And I saw that fuckin' punk Ryan driving away as well! You better start listening to me, you little bitch, or you're gonna get much worse than this next time! I'm giving you one week to find a job or you're out! I don't care what your mother told you."

With that, Jessica's step-father stormed out of the door and jumped into the old Ford pickup truck he rattled around in. She hated him. Her home life had tanked out after her mother married that asshole. Frank was a sadistic prick. Her mother had started drinking heavily soon after they married and it was rare that she ever ventured out of her bedroom. Her mother had always been needy and couldn't take being alone. Jessica was determined not to be a timid recluse like her mother. She knew though, that it was at her mother's insistence, that Frank was letting her live at home until she saved enough money to move out.

Jessica stood up, took a deep breath and walked into the kitchen in search of coffee. As she added the cream and sugar, she reminded herself of her interview at the Burger Barn down the street in a few hours. Maybe a job would keep her step-father off of her back for a while and she wouldn't have to rely on Ryan for everything. Not that she minded Ryan; he was the rock of her life at the moment. Jessica didn't know how she would have ever made it through the misery of her home life without him or his cock this past year. Having sex with Ryan was the one thing that never failed to calm her down and bring her a sense of peace.

It was nine o'clock, and time for Jessica to head towards the Burger Barn. Mike, her next door neighbor, had assured her that the job was hers and all she had to do was show up and fill out some paperwork. 

Walking down the street, Jessica realized the bra she was wearing -- though comfortable -- wasn't as supportive as she would have liked. Her heavy breasts bounced and jiggled as she walked down the street, inviting cat calls from seemingly every male that could drive, ride or walk. Instead of feeling embarrassed, Jessica reveled in the attention and adoration that her body attracted.

About half-way to her destination, Jessica noticed Ryan's car parked in front of a small, one-story green house.. That was very strange since he had told her he couldn't give her a ride to the interview because he would be working. She knew it was his car because of the Iron Maiden stickers plastered all over the side windows. 

"I know who lives here. but I just can't remember." Jessica frowned as she tried to recall who lived in the little green house. 

"He must be taking a break at a friend's house, " Jessica decided impulsively that surprising Ryan before her interview, was just what she needed to cheer herself up after the episode with her father. She walked up the path to the house and was about to knock on the door when she heard a muffled squeal from inside. She noticed that the door was slightly ajar.

Jessica smoothed her tank top down over her massive breasts and pushed the door open a little further and peered inside. Not seeing anything, she pushed the door open a bit more and listened intently. There it was again; a muffled squeal followed by some very soft grunts. 

"Ryan?" She called out softly as she entered the house and walked toward where the noises were coming from. She followed the sounds down a long hallway, to what she assumed was a bedroom door. This door was also slightly open, and Jessica could hear the unmistakable sounds of sex and bed springs coming from the room. 

With a trembling hand, Jessica slowly pushed open the door. There on the bed, was her boyfriend Ryan, thrusting his cock deep into Susan Marshall's ass. Every last inch was buried in her and then he pulled almost all the way out and pushed in again, working up a rhythm. Susan's face was buried in an overstuffed pillow and she grunted in pleasure each time Ryan plunged his cock into her asshole. 

Jessica couldn't believe her eyes. Susan Marshall had been the valedictorian of their graduating class and had been a nasty bitch to Jessica all throughout high school.Jessica stood frozen and silent watching as her boyfriend had anal sex with the one girl in town that Jessica hated the most. All through school Susan had given Jessica a rough time. She was a mean, prudish snob and member of the chastity-till-marriage club, and there she was being ravaged by a guy from the wrong side of the tracks.

With tears streaming down her face Jessica screamed. "What the fuck are you doing Ryan? Why? Why?"

Ryan instantly pulled his cock out of the blonde's ass as Susan lurched forward and rolled off of the bed, yanking a blanket on top of her. Ryan just kneeled there gaping at Jessica, never saying a word. 

"Well, fuck you, Ryan Smith!" Jessica continued. "And fuck your little anal whore too. I'm going to tell the whole town about you, Susan!" Jessica glared at the half-naked blonde, then returned her attention to Ryan. "I hope you remember last night, you bastard, because that is the last time you will ever touch me. I hope you're both happy with each other, I really do."

With that Jessica stormed out of the room, slamming the door shut behind her. She was sobbing uncontrollably as she reached the sidewalk. She pulled out her house key and ran it all the way down the side of Ryan's car as she walked past it and then spit on the hood. 

"Fuck you!" she screamed at the house one last time and ran down the street with her arms crossed over her chest holding her massive breasts in place. 

Jessica calmed down by the time she reached the Burger Barn and headed straight into the women's restroom to pull herself together. She washed her hands and splashed water on her face, patting carefully so as not to muss the make-up. After that, she felt somewhat better, though her anger still simmered. Calm and composed, refusing to let Ryan ruin this for her, Jessica walked out of the bathroom and over to the front counter. She was surprised to see Mike there. Mike was one of Ryan's best friends also and the three of them hung out together all the time. Standing there in front of one of Ryan's best friends right now was awkward to say the least. 

"Jessica! I'm so excited that you're going to be working here," he said, smiling at her. His gaze dropped to her massive chest only once. Jessica smiled back; he really was a nice guy.

"Hi, Mike. I thought Brenda was going to be here?" she asked, confused.

"She was going to be here, and she told me to tell you she's sorry, but something came up at the district office," Mike replied. "Oh, by the way, what's Ryan getting into today?" 

Jessica coughed and choked a little. She almost blurted out that what he was getting into was Susan Marshall's ass, but instead just said that she didn't know. Tall and muscular, with piercingly blue eyes, Mike wasn't actually half bad looking, Jessica mused, and then noticed that he was actually saying something to her.

"Hello? " Mike asked laughing. He waved his hand in front of her face and she blinked. "You look a little out of it this morning, but that's ok. I'll give you the paperwork later and you can take it home with you. Follow me and let me give you the royal tour."

Mike offered his hand to Jessica and led her past the front counter and through the kitchen into a little supply room.

"Now, where are those two?" he asked the empty room. "Mari and Neal were supposed to be here to show you the ropes," he explained to Jessica.

"Who are Mari and Neal?" Jessica asked.

Just then they both heard a rattling noise coming from around the corner. . Mike, still holding Jessica's hand, led them into the dish room. Jessica gasped and Mike dropped the clipboard he was carrying. It clacked loudly on one of the rubber mats that covered the floor. In front of them and oblivious to the world, Neal was pounding his very large cock into Mari as she bent over the stainless steel table beside the dishwasher. Mari was grunting and several racks full of dishes rattled with each thrust. 

As she watched the erotic scene taking place in front of her, Jessica was starting to get aroused despite the events of this morning. Neal was tall and blond and Mari was a cute, petite Hispanic girl with short boyish hair. The contrast in body types was exciting. Jessica recognized them both from school but had never talked to either of them before. 

"Ummm..." Mike managed to sputter, "you two." They were too carried away to hear him. He tried again a little louder. "You're both fired!" he finally managed to yell. 

Mari and Neal stopped and Neal stepped back, pulling his cock from Mari's sopping pussy with an obscene, wet plop. Mari groaned in dismay. She shuddered once, then narrowed her eyes and walked over to where Mike was standing. She dropped to her knees and with astounding speed and strength, she yanked his pants and underwear down to his ankles in one swift movement. 

"Mari!" Mike nearly shrieked. He was stunned into silence quickly as Mari expertly sucked his soft cock into her warm mouth. Jessica stood there mesmerized as Mari's lips engulfed her boss's cock. She barely noticed as a male hand grasped her own and placed it on a large cock. She looked away from Mari's excellent cock-sucking display as her hand instinctively wrapped around Neal's thick meat. It was still wet and dripping with Mari's juices. Jessica gazed into his blue eyes and slowly started to stroke him. 

Looking at her with lost puppy dog eyes, Neal spoke just one word: "Please." Jessica knew exactly what he wanted and before today, would have been horrified. But, wouldn't it be great to tell that lying, stinking boyfriend of hers that she didn't need him any longer because she had all the men she needed and was being well taken care of sexually? Two could play Ryan's little game.

Full of heartbreak and with her mind set on revenge, she slowly knelt before Neal and leaned her face towards his cock. She could smell Mari on him, strong and musky. She had tasted herself on her boyfriend's cock before, but she had never thought about what another woman would taste like. She was about to find out. 

Jessica snaked her tongue out and licked the underside of Neal's cock. He was soaked with Mari's pussy juices and Jessica liked it. Opening her mouth wide, she took as much of his cock in her mouth as she could and proceeded to suck him dry, swirling her toungue around his thick shaft, savoring Mari's flavor. . 

When Neal's cock threatened to poke the back of her throat, Jessica pulled off of him, letting a trail of saliva run down her chin. Neal quickly gripped the back of Jessica's head and guided her mouth back to his cock. She complied and soon had her lips sliding up and down his length again. Nothing mattered except his cock in her mouth. She needed him to cum in her mouth. She reached her hand up to caress his balls as she continued to suck Neal more urgently. She felt his body stiffen and his cock swelled just before he erupted into her mouth. Hot ropes of his salty sperm ejaculated into her mouth and Jessica swallowed.it. He pulled his cock out of Jessica's mouth when he was done and a strand of sperm dribbled out of her mouth, down her chin and onto her heaving chest, where it stayed staining her tank top.

Neal stepped back releasing his cock from Jessica's full lips. Looking to her left, Jessica saw Mari's grip on Mike's cock tighten and she started bobbing her head faster on his shaft. Mike groaned as he came, and Mari looked up into his eyes as she received his sperm. 

"Oh, fuck, Mari," Mike groaned as he collapsed back onto the small wooden chair in the room. Mari turned towards Jessica and shuffled over to her on her knees, then placed her lips on Jessica's. Jessica had never kissed a girl before but wild horses couldn't have stopped her at this moment in time. Jessica hungrily opened her mouth and was pleasantly surprised as Mari pushed her mouthful of cum into Jessica's mouth with her tongue. 

As the two girls kissed passionately playing with Mike's cum in their mouths and each other's tongues, Jessica felt her skirt being pushed up. Whoever it was, they were about to find out that she wasn't wearing any panties. She wiggled her hips to help whoever was behind her. Soon her ass was completely exposed and she felt a hard cock rubbing up and down the crack of her ass. She pushed back against it.

Jessica grunted into Mari's mouth, as what could only be Neal's gigantic cock entered her pussy from behind. Jessica was so wet that his entire length slid into her effortlessly. Soon she was being fucked hard from behind. Mari pulled away from Jessica, interrupting Jessica's first all girl make out session. Grunting with the force of Neal's cock plowing into her, she opened her eyes and saw Mari sitting between Mike's legs stroking his cock back to life. 

"I'm ready, I think," Mike told Mari, his eyes slightly glassy.

"Then stick it in her mouth, boss," Mari instructed him. Jessica wondered who was really the boss here.

Mike stood up and walked towards Jessica with a questioning look on his face. Jessica nodded and opened her mouth. Mike didn't waste any time being gentle. He started fucking Jessica's mouth brutally, severely testing her gag reflex. Busty Jessica, however, was an expert cock sucker and was soon taking him deep in her throat as Neal's cock drove into her from behind. Drooling and moaning around the thick cock in her mouth, Jessica came hard. At the same time she could feel Neal's cock spasming in her tight pussy as he filled her up with his second load of the day. Luckily Jessica was on the pill. He pulled out and went over to sit next to Mari. Mike pulled his cock out of Jessica's mouth and ejaculated on her face. 

Jessica collapsed onto the floor, face dripping with Mike's sperm, and Neal's sperm oozing from her pussy. She lay there purring like a kitten, completely sated for once in her life. As wonderful as Ryan had been in bed, Jessica realized she had definitely been missing out. No sooner had this thought run through her sex-fogged mind, than she felt female hands on the sides of her head. Mari had crawled over and leaned in close and started to lick Mike's sperm from Jessica's face. The feeling of Mari's tongue lapping up the cum from her cheeks, her chin, and her nose was exquisite. Jessica sighed happily. Within minutes Mari was all done and gave Jessica a quick kiss on the lips.

"I think you're going to work out just fine, chica," she said trailing a finger along Jessica's check as she stood up.

Mari and Neal straightened their clothes and made their way out to the prep area and Mike stood up.

"You got the job, Jessica." He smiled down at her. "See you tomorrow at seven am?"

Jessica just nodded her head. She was going to like working here if every shift started like this.

"Um Jessica...is this...you know. Is this going to mess things up with Ryan? He doesn't need to find out, right?" Mike asked looking down at the floor.

"I won't tell anyone if you don't." Jessica said. She winked at Mike and told him she'd see him tomorrow. If only Jessica knew what was in store for her the next day!

THE END