  (Special thanks to Busty Jessica my eternal muse and Pennlady for making me a better writer each time. All mistakes are mine and mine alone though! Enjoy!)

*

Busty Jessica was still a little bit sore from her double anal escapade at the truck stop. She decided that she was going to stop all anal sex for at least a day. It had gotten her a ride far away from her home town, though. She felt amazingly liberated when she hopped down from the big rig, causing her large breasts to jiggle, and looked around at the big city she was now in. 

It was just her now, and she was in complete control of her own life. It was a daunting feeling; Jessica had no idea what she was going to do. She had no money and just the clothes on her back. It looked like it was going to rain soon so her first priority was to get inside. She saw a sign for a bar down the block and made her way to it. Not being twenty-one yet, she hoped whoever worked there wasn't a hardass. It was getting dark and there wouldn't be too many other places she could hang out in this late.

Upon walking into the bar, Jessica was pleased to see that it was quiet, dark and seedy. They generally didn't card at the door at places like that and she could relax and plan out her next step. She settled into a dark booth in the corner after freshening up in the bathroom. She felt better already. It wasn't long before one of the servers brought over a drink.

"Compliments of the gentleman at the end of the bar," the waitress said and then walked away.

Jessica glanced over at the bar and raised her glass in a gesture of thanks. The gentleman at the end of the bar was middle-aged but reasonably, handsome and in good shape. He was definitely a step up from the truckers she had been hanging with for the last few days, even if he did look like a used-car salesman. 

Jessica wasn't surprised that she had caught his eye. She was the best looking woman in the bar by far and with her large breasts straining against her tight top, she had every man in the joint staring at her. A free drink is a free drink, she thought and downed it in two gulps.

The man who had send that drink sent over two more in quick succession and the waitress told Jessica that they were Long Island Iced Teas. She had never been a drinker and was feeling quite tipsy after the third one, when the gentleman suddenly appeared and slipped into the opposite seat in the tiny booth.

"Hi there," he said. "My name is Sherm and you looked like you could use a drink and some company."

"Thank you for the drinks," she replied. "I was really thirsty."

"You're welcome, honey," he replied with a big smile. "What's your name?"

"I'm Jessica. I'm new to the area," she said.

"I could tell. Let me show you something," Sherm said and stood, waiting for Jessica to do the same. His eyes never left her chest.

Jessica followed Sherm past the juke box to the back of the bar. There were pool tables and video games and a little community bulletin board advertising local businesses. Above that was an aerial picture of the city. 

"Wow, that's really cool." Jessica grabbed Sherm's arm to steady herself. Those drinks were really doing a number on her. 

Sherm opened a door beside the display and pulled Jessica through it. 

"Where are we going now?" She was giggling.

Sherm didn't answer her. He closed the door behind them and she saw that they were in a little supply closet. Off to one side there was an empty desk. Sherm reached out and cupped one of Jessica's large breasts. She smiled. 

"Time to pay for those drinks, eh?" she asked, dropping to a kneeling position in front of Sherm. 

"Oh, I like you already, sugar." He reached down to unzip his pants. Jessica did the rest, pulling his pants and underwear down to his ankles. She let out an appreciative gasp; Sherm was hung like a horse. Jessica started to get wet just thinking about how that monster would feel between her legs. 

Jessica wrapped her hand around his giant cock and started to stroke him. Then Jessica parted her lips, taking his cock head inside her mouth. He moaned and laced his fingers in Jessica's hair. She slowly worked her mouth down his cock, taking as much as she could. 

Sherm wasn't a patient man though, and was soon thrusting his hips forward, fucking Jessica's mouth. She gagged with each thrust, drooling around his cock. He was fucking her mouth furiously and Jessica was upset with herself that she wasn't able to handle him better. 

Sherm pulled out and picked Jessica up off the floor, then walked her over to the desk. Jessica had been waiting for this and hiked her short skirt up exposing her lace panties to Sherm as she sat on the desk, legs hanging over the edge. Sherm licked his lips and smiled as Jessica pulled off her panties. 

"Let me have that thing, Shermy," she said huskily.

Sherm moved forward until the tip of his large cock pressed against Jessica's sopping pussy. He lifted her legs until her feet were resting on his shoulders and then he pushed his cock all the way in. Jessica's eyes rolled back into her head and she squealed. He was huge. She had never felt so full. This was completely different from when she had two cocks in her ass at the same time back at the truck stop, but it was just as wonderful. Sherm waited until Jessica came back to earth and looked up at him with those big wide eyes. 

"I'm ready," she said.

Sherm pulled his cock almost all the way out slowly and then pushed back in just as deep as before. Jessica wiggled beneath him as Sherm repeated his slow methodical thrusts. He was teasing her and she couldn't take it. She needed to be fucked hard and fast now. She was ready and she could handle his massive cock.

"God, fuck me hard, Sherm. Please!" she pleaded with him.

Sherm plowed his large cock into Jessica faster and it wasn't long before her pussy was contracting around his huge cock in orgasm, shouting all the while. Sherm pulled his cock out and started shooting ropes of cum across her stomach and shirt. 

When he was done, Sherm pulled up his pants and walked out of the door without a word, leaving Jessica laying on the desk half-naked and covered with his sperm. Jessica pulled off her shirt and used it to clean herself off. It was already ruined with cum stains anyway, she thought with a sigh.

Jessica wasn't surprised when two faces peered around the open doorway. It was a wonder the whole town hadn't heard her shrieking when Sherm was plowing into her. The two faces were followed by two more and the four guys came walking through the door, leaving it open behind them. The first guy who was tall and thin dropped his pants and moved over between Jessica's legs and entered her. He wasn't as large as Sherm but he was a nice size and Jessica lay back on the desk to enjoy his cock. No sooner had she closed her eyes, she felt a hand on her face turning it sideways. She opened her eyes to find another cock hovering in front of her face. 

"Open up," was all that this man said. He was fatter and shorter, but Jessica didn't care. She was completely worked up and nothing mattered except sexual fulfillment.

Grunting in time to the thrusting cock between her legs, Jessica opened her mouth, taking the fat man's cock between her lips. The fat man started fucking her mouth hard and furiously. Jessica felt her hands being guided towards two more cocks beside the desk. She started stroking them. Four cocks at once -- not bad for her first day in the city.

Jessica felt hands roaming over her sumptuous body. She moaned, tightening her grip on the cocks in her hands. Hands squeezed her breasts roughly, only to be replaced by teeth on her hard nipples. An orgasm ripped through her body and she tightened her lips on the cock in her mouth sucking hard. This caused the fat man fucking her mouth to cum and he quickly filled Jessica's mouth with his semen. He pulled his cock away leaving a trail of jism across Jessica's cheek and the desk. 

One of the cocks that she was stroking pulled away and soon entered her mouth. The man between her legs grunted and she could feel him emptying inside her. He was soon replaced by the other man that Jessica had been jacking off.

It wasn't long before she heard the man that was fucking her grunt and fill her with his seed as well. He hadn't lasted very long. Now Jessica could concentrate on sucking off the cock in her mouth. She moved a hand up to caress his balls as she swirled her tongue around his shaft. That was too much for him and Jessica was rewarded with another mouthful of cum. He pulled his cock away and Jessica leaned back savoring the taste of his jism before swallowing it.

"That was hot!" a deep voice said from the direction of the doorway. "Do you do that every night here?"

Jessica raised herself up and swung her legs off the desk and went to stand. She wobbled unsteadily, still tipsy from the drinks she had earlier. A handsome man ran over to grab her arm and steady her on her feet. Jessica could feel cum oozing out of her pussy and running down her legs. She was a mess.

"Thanks," Jessica said.

"No problem," he replied. "My name is Seth, by the way.

"My name is Jessica."

The both turned when a statuesque redhead entered the small room, looking about disapprovingly.

"I should have known you'd be back with the whores," the woman said.

Jessica grunted and scowled.

"Hey, baby, you know I was with you the whole time. I just grabbed her arm to stop her from falling so quit bitching and help me out here," Seth said defensively.

"I'm not helping a whore," she said nastily. "Come on."

"Fuck you," seth said. "You are such a bitch."

"I said, come on," the redhead demanded.

"Go fuck yourself." Seth told her.

The redhead stormed out angrily and Seth looked over at Jessica.

"She's so fucking bitchy. Do you need help or are you ready for the next round?" Seth said gesturing to a group of men milling around in the other room.

"I'm exhausted and I'd like to get out of here," Jessica said with a yawn.

Arm in arm, Seth and Jessica made their way through the bar and out to Seth's truck.

Jessica fell asleep as soon as Seth pulled out of the parking lot. Not seeing any alternative he decided to take her home with him. She could sleep it off on his couch. He had decided that she was a little too nasty to share his bed with him.

The next morning, Seth woke up and was making his way to the shower. The bathroom door was cracked open a bit and there was light coming out. He looked over at the empty couch and then heard some water splashing. That was good. Jessica needed to clean up after what he had watched her do the night before. He got back under the covers and went back to sleep. He didn't have anything out there worth stealing anyway, and maybe she would just leave.

Jessica felt clean, really clean for the first time in days. It wasn't just the impromptu gang bang in the back room of the bar or the ass reaming she got in the back of the truck back home. She hadn't showered in days. That handsome guy in the bar had helped her and gave her a place to sleep and hadn't even tried to take advantage of her. She owed him big time. Jessica knew only one way to pay off a debt like that. She was going to give him a sloppy blowjob before she left.

After getting out of the shower, Jessica dried off with one of the oversized towels hanging on the wall and headed toward the bedroom. Seth lay there snoring. He looked adoraable, sleeping soundly on his bed. Jessica quietly walked over to the edge of the bed, kneeled down and peeled back the covers. Seth was asleep on his back and his limp cock was in full view. Jessica wondered how big he was when he was hard. She was about to find out.

Jessica leaned over and sucked Seth's flaccid cock into her mouth. She lovingly worked her lips and tongue around him. He deserved the royal treatment. He moaned in his sleep as he started to grow in Jessica's mouth. She loved feeling a man grow harder in her mouth as she sucked him off. Once fully erect, Seth was quite large and it took a lot of effort to take all of him in her mouth and throat but Jessica was up to the challenge. 

She pulled her lips off of Seth's monster cock, saliva running down her chin, and then worked her lips all they down again until his pubic hairs tickled her nose. 

She felt Seth's hands on her head and he started thrusting his hips upward, fucking her mouth. Seth moaned and then came in Jessica's mouth. She swallowed as much as she could and then pulled back letting the rest of his sperm dribble out of her mouth.

"Good morning. You," Jessica said smiling. She wiped the remains of Seth's load from her chin. "Thanks for letting me spend the night."

Seth grunted and pulled Jessica on the bed with him, positioned her on her hands and knees, and entered her pussy from behind. Giving blowjobs never failed to get her wet and this one was hotter then most. Seth slid in easily despite his size and started fucking her hard and fast. Jessica's massive tits swung with each powerful thrust and she moaned in pleasure. Most guys weren't able to fuck so soon after finishing in Jessica's mouth, but Seth was an incredible exception.

Seth was a machine and Jessica lost track of how long she was plowed like that from behind, enjoying orgasm after orgasm around his large cock. Seth pulled out abruptly and rolled Jessica over onto her back and then moved up stuffing his fat cock into Jessica's mouth and filling it again with his salty sperm. This time Jessica swallowed every last drop, savoring the flavor of his cum mixed with her own pussy. 

Without so much as a word, Seth got up and went into the shower. Jessica lay there completely satisfied for once. So what if he wasn't much of a talker. There were better things to do then talk. Still naked, she got of the bed and made her way to the kitchen to get something to drink. 

KNOCK KNOCK

Someone was at the door. Still naked, Jessica opened the door and looked out to see two young Mormon missionaries standing there. They stood there speechless. Jessica was sure then neither of them had ever seen a naked woman before, much less one as hot as her. Chances are they never would again either. Feeling very naughty, Jessica grabbed both of their wrists and pulled them into the apartment while they were still in shock. 

Jessica locked the door and stood with her back to it in all her glorious nudity. She couldn't help but notice that both of the missionaries had fixed their eyes on her massive breasts.

"Haven't you ever seen a naked woman before?" she asked.

"Um...we...ah...we have to go. Could you please move and unlock the door ma'am?" one of them asked. 

They could have passed for brothers. Both of them were tall about six feet tall and had athletic builds, but one had red hair and the other one black . 

"You don't really have to go do you?" she said as she hefted her boobs in her hands. "I need some help."

"Uh...Well...um." stuttered the red haired one.

Jessica stepped forward close enough to touch both of them and did so. She placed a hand on each one's chest and gave each one a kiss on the cheek. She then ran her hand down the front of each one's shirt until she got to their pants and grabbed their crotches hard. Both of the men gasped in shock and pleasure but neither made a move to get away. 

Jessica then unzipped their pants and snaked her hands inside their flies. She dropped to her knees in front of them and managed to pull both of their cocks out at nearly the same time. They were both semi-hard with arousal.

"No...you..." Pprotested the black haired one weakly. Very weakly.

They both groaned in unison as Jessica stroked their cocks to full hardness. First she took the red haired boy's cock in her mouth. His whole body shuddered in a wave of pleasure. She pulled her mouth off of his cock. She needed him to last a little bit longer. She then slid her lips over the black haired boys cock and started to suck him off. He groaned in pleasure and Jessica cupped his balls in her hand, gently fondling him as she sucked him all the while continuing to stroke the other one's cock. 

They were both hers now, with no chance of backing out. Fucking Seth had her so worked up she would have humped a fire hydrant at this point. These two were much better. She pulled back away from her conquests and turned around positioning her ass towards them. 

"Come here," she commanded the red head, gesturing in front of her, and then backed her ass up so that it pushed against the black-haired one's cock. He may have been a virgin but he instinctively lined his cock up and entered Jessica from behind and started to fuck her. The other boy obeyed as well and was rewarded with Jessica's lips sliding down his length. This is what Jessica needed; two cocks at once. 

The boy in front started thrusting his cock into Jessica's mouth and the boy behind her grabbed onto her hips as he started fucking her with more intensity. Jessica came then, pussy contracting around the boy's cock and she moaned around the shaft invading her mouth. That was too much apparently for both of the missionaries and Jessica's pussy and mouth were both flooded with sperm. 

Jessica finished milking the cock in her mouth and let the young Mormon's sperm dribble down her chin. The one behind her gave one more thrust and then pulled out. Both of the boys stuffed their cocks back in their pants and hurriedly said goodbye and left. 

Jessica lay sprawled on the floor with cum oozing out of her pussy and her chin glistening with it as well, when Seth stepped around the corner.

"What in the hell?" he asked, giving her a wicked grin. "One rule here and you have to follow it at all costs."

"Anything, Seth." 

"If there's any fucking going on here, I better be a part of it," he said and then stomped back down the hall.

Jessica smiled. She could live with that. That meant the next time she'd have three cocks to play with. Could life really get any better?

The End