 I hope you are enjoying this series and PLEASE let me know if it was "satisfing" for you. You can do that by voting and/or sending me an annonymous note.

==============================

I was in shock, I mean this was incredible, I'd never thought I could do anything with another guy now, I mean I'm straight. Now, who knew what I might do, it felt like for the first time I had absolutely no limits.

My mind raced first to Jennifer and then to all the comments about relaxing and being prepared. Then Stephen handed me a thin silk robe and led me down a short hall to very private and very luxurious private bath. He told me to take a shower and relax. He told that I was about to enter my final preparations for my fantasy weekend and then he slipped away.

As I showered my thoughts went to how incredibly real my conversations with Jennifer had always seemed and how no matter what the fantasy situation she seemed to know just what to say and just how to complete our cyber play - sometimes I realized it seemed like she knew what it might actually be like to live out almost any fantasy. I realized that this might be true. Jennifer might actually live out all the fantasies she wanted too.

This thought turned me on, it meant no limits; it meant I was in for the sexual adventure of my life. Just then someone opened the door to the shower I was in. I was startled and then I was curious as an incredible brunette stood in front of me in only a thong and sheer bikini top that showed the contours of her areolas and her hard nipples and as I took in her entire body I could see the outline of her mound through the small triangle of fabric covering shaved snatch. Her legs and thighs were like out of a glamour shot, her stomach was perfect, smooth and as my eyes returned to look into hers I realized she was enjoying my careful attention to her well developed body. It was a moment of total appreciation for her incredible sensual beauty that had me standing naked in front of her my cock pointing at her like a compass needle to north (a very thick needle that is).

The normal me would have been totally embarrassed at my response to her a total stranger standing looking at my erection, but my newly awakened sexual self, wanted only to take her and consume her totally. Her smile spread over her face as she took in my appreciation for her and I think she said something to the effect that "I should follow her to be readied for tonight." I then watched in awe as she toweled me off, and wondered what she would do to me to prepare me for my fantasy weekend. I only wondered for a moment as my attention was refocused on the wonderful sensation as this truly fantastical woman kneeled in front of me and hand dried behind my balls and inner thighs.

Then this wet dream of a woman, put her hand around my throbbing erect cock, brought it to her lips and then teased me as she looked up into my eyes with a wicked smile and just ran her tongue across the underside of my cock head and delicately up over my piss slit. Then just as quickly as it had begun my fantasy world was shattered and she stood up and led me back down the hallway, all be it she did lead me with a hand around my shaft. I tried to remember if she had told me her name and as if reading my mind through her touch on my cock she said "I'm Heather and I'll be preparing you for tonight. Jennifer wants you ready to impress and we'll be making sure everything is perfect. So relax and let us take care of you." That got my attention, "relax" there was that "relax" again and a flood of images from my pervious relaxing session flooded my mind. It was at that moment I decided to go for it and do exactly what I was told (not that I wouldn't reconsider this later, but I resolved too stop concerning myself with self-control and just enjoy whatever happened). Of course, it doesn't hurt that an incredibly sexy woman was leading me around by my cock and telling me to relax and let her prepare me for the greatest sexual fantasy weekend of my life.
Heather opened a door and led me to a salon chair in front of a sink.

Heather purred, "that we will be starting by cutting my hair," it was then that I noticed two more women in the room. They had on the same limited clothing, one was a blond with very large breasts and the other was a red head with legs that arrested the imagination and lead me to one conclusion - I wanted to see even more than was already being revealed and I wanted all three of them to be part of my total fantasy weekend in a very intimate way.

Heather introduced the blond to me as Bambi and the red head as Veronica, they each gave me a deliciously wicked smile and I knew these were names that they only used when they were “working”. Then before I was even conscious of what was happening I was seated in the chair leaned back and my legs spread out and secured. I panicked for a moment and then my mind tried to consider what these three women could do to me that I didn't already want them to do. I was in for the surprise of my life.

A very warm towel was placed over my chest, legs, thighs, cock, and balls. Then Heather said “You need lean my head back Jason you are going to be prepared for things you can only imagine and this will require that we also give you a test.” It was a test to see if I could satisfy three women at once without using my cock. Heather then put my head under water and began to massage and shampoo my hair, as I was laying all the way back I felt her legs on either side of my neck and I could smell her aromatic crotch move toward my face. My thoughts moved rapidly trying to imagine what this test was going to include, what would happen if I failed and what kind of a fantasy weekend required this kind of preparation and testing?

Then I felt a truly shocking sensation as the hot towels were removed from my cock and thighs and four hands began to lather my entire body with what felt like tingling foam. The sensation was kind of shocking and I opened my mouth and leaned forward to see what was happening and found myself swallowing the shaved pussy lips Heather had brought right up to my face. Instinctively, my tongue entered her sweet wetness and probed between the folds I’d been lusting over just moments before and I moaned as she began to grind herself onto my face. My hands instinctively went to her firm ass and pulled her writhing body hard onto my face. I thought if this was the test I was going to do everything in my power not to fail. I heard what I thought was Bambi begin to tell me that "Jennifer likes her men very smooth," as what could only be a straight razor that slid behind my balls and down my thighs, I realized that all of my hair was about to be removed and decided to open myself up to new possibilities.

The taste of Heather between my lips distracted me from everything else and I began to give her the quality of cunnilingus that her wonderful pussy deserved. It was at the moment that my hands were guided to two moist smooth openings. It was at this moment that I was told that I was being tested. The Veronica was explaining that my challenge was to bring all three of them off simultaneously, it was important to see if I could satisfy three unfamiliar women in a rhythm that would bring them all to orgasm at the same time.

I knew I was already in trouble as Heather gyrated on my face her body nearly lost to the pleasure my tongue and lips had been delivering to her deserving pussy for sometime now. I slowed, but she increased her movements. As I quickly reached out my hands my fingers found their bikini bottoms and just as quickly untied their ties and my fingers caressed down their stomachs and found the moist snatches of both Bambi and Veronica. Smooth shaved pussy lips greeted my touch and I traced each of them finding them just beginning to moisten and I slid my forefinger on each hand into two very tight openings. My fingers penetrated deeper and I felt them both begin to rhythmically hump my probing digits. For a moment as they both began to mount me with their hips pumping against me, faster and harder I thought I might be able to pass even this very challenging test. I stretched my forefinger deep inside each pussy and with my best come hither movement probed to find that spot that made them catch their breath. When I knew I had found each of their spots I began to move my fingers in and out, adding a second to completely fill these hot wet openings, my thumb moving up to slide over two hardening clits, going slowly until I heard each one moan, then gradually pleasuring them faster. The sensation of feeling my fingers penetrate two very different woman was incredible, each one had a different texture, applied different rhythms and pressure as they began to use me to finger fuck there hot wet holes.

My tongue penetrating slower into Heathers delicious wetness, savoring her sweet and slightly tangy juices that had begun to lubricate my face. I could feel my cock throbbing and twitching at this incredibly erotic test of my previously untried skills. I had never been with more than one woman at one time before and now I had three incredibly beautiful pussies everywhere, but where I really wanted. Heathers breathing became labored as she rocked back and forth over my face she was using my nose to rub her engorged clit. I tried to pump my fingers faster and deeper as I wondered if I had any hope of bringing all three women off at once. 
A whimper from the Veronica gave me new hope, but was then I realized I wasn't in as good of shape as I should be my hands out stretched and moving quickly were beginning to tire and my tongue had a slight cramp.

My fingers entering deep and hard they were now greeted with thrusts of each woman's hips. I imagined my fingers being my hard cock pumping into them and rotating, now I had three fingers thrusting deep into them and rubbing where it made them forget to breath. I remembered to relax. And as I slowed just a bit I found each woman doing much of the work for me as they all were reaching a point of no return and wouldn't allow me to leave them unsatisfied. I concentrated on each of their breathing and realized they were all extremely close to climaxing. Then Heather grabbed the back of my wet hair and began to literally impale her wet pussy on my tongue as I licked her deeply. I decided all I could do was quicken the pleasure of the other two rubbing there clits in faster motions and pounding there pussies full with my fingers. Bambi who was nearly violent in her humping my hand reached down and inserted all four of my fingers inside her and held onto my wrist so that she could push my fingers in even deeper. It was at this point that Heather lost all control, I heard her whimper and felt her start to spasm, my fingers pumping harder and then her scream. I was nearly paralyzed I didn’t think I would be able to bring off the Bambi and Veronica yet.

But, luckily that lust filled scream was all it took to bring the other two women off as I felt them pounding their cunts onto my fingers. I didn't realize the quantity or force the fluid from one woman could be until that moment, I nearly choked as Heathers juices filled my mouth. 
After a moment Heather moved off my face and for the first time I could see how Veronica and Bambi had been entertaining themselves as their now naked breasts clearly had been part their pleasure. And I watched with rapt fascination as one of my oldest fantasies was fulfilled as saw Bambi sucking hard on Veronica’s erect nipples in the afterglow of their orgasms. They had been making love to eachother and using my fingers to assist themselves. I realized that the urgency I'd felt wasn't just of my making, but all part of their passion for eachother. They kissed deeply their tongues erotically entwined and I knew then that men were not their primary means of finding pleasure. My cock throbbed at the sight and I realized that this test had pre-cum running down my cock, but all I had to show for my success was a rigid angry erection with my veins throbbing as never before and the purple head of my cock pulsing with the blood that engorged it.

Heather told me I'd passed and as a reward each of them would give me head, but only for one minute. I'm not sure if this was a reward of some type of cruel torture, each one of them was expert at what they did. First, Bambi broke with her kiss with Veronica and used her tongue to lick behind my now hairless balls, then sucked on each of my sacks softly before finishing with the tip of her tongue up the underside of my pulsing cock and tracing around the crown of my cock head. The Veronica took me from there (it was almost more that I could take and I know if I hadn't enjoyed a full massage earlier I would have lost it nearly immediately) as my rigid cock quickly moved in and out of her lovely red lips, her talented tongue moving over my shaft like it had memorized exactly what to do to please me, by some past lover of mine telling her my deepest secrets. I wanted to grab her lovely red hair and pound my cock into her mouth, in my mind I was face fucking her with total abandon, but it seemed as soon as she started it was over and Heather took over. Now Heather was truly incredible. I’ve had good head before, just recently in fact from someone who had redefined a blowjob for me, but Heather was all that and more. Taking me immediately into her throat and doing things to my cock that made me nearly pass out. Then almost before it had started it was over. My cock was now as erect and fully engorged as it has ever been and they were done with my reward. I was in a daze.

Heather began to cut the hair on my head; Veronica and Bambi finished taking all the hair off my chest and legs. Gave me a manicure and a pedicure. And when they were done and Heather was still working on me they moved to a couch and enjoyed each other in one of the most erotic 69s I could have ever imagined (even with all the girl on girl porno I’ve seen), they were unquenchable in there lust for each other. Even though all I had was my hand to pleasure myself with and even that was removed if Heather thought I might be getting too close. I enjoyed the private show more than any voyeuristic activity in my life and wondered how my fantasy weekend could get any better, especially if this was just my testing and preparation.

After my hair was blow-dried I was moved to a table and they had me lay on my stomach, guiding my erection so that it pressed against my abs. Then every cuticle was found and every follicle removed even from the crack of my ass. The whole time my cock is still throbbing and the only consolation is the encouraging words that the women offer me that "You're going to be the sexiest guy at Jennifer’s party" and that I’m going to receive all the pleasure I can handle tonight. And out of sympathy I think they would roll me on my side and caress my cock and balls occasionally as they worked on me, they would have to wipe off the pre-cum off that continued to ooze from my cock and they also continued to find a some other stray hair that needed to be removed from around my crotch (not always an arousing removal).

This was actually the first time I’d heard about any of the activity to come. I found out that I was to accompany Jennifer to a gala fundraising event for her favorite charity and then afterward I’d find out about how the “other side” lives.

Just as my cock had begun to deflate they realized they hadn’t gotten me rinsed yet and I was led by three naked incredibly beautiful women to a small shower and without messing up my hair carefully rinsed off with the moveable showerhead. Only when they worked on making sure all the hair was rinsed off of my ass and balls did get some of the attention I so lusted to have from these three deliciously erotic women. I wanted so badly to fill each of their pussies with my raging hard-on, but it was not meant to be.

I’d noticed them taking measurements earlier, but it was at this point when they stood me up in front of a mirror, after drying me off, and began to cloth me. First, with the most comfortable silk boxers I’ve ever worn. I was already amazed at the change in my appearance, the hair style was like something out of a Hollywood fashion rag, kind of a Brad Pitt meets Jason Priestly kind of thing. And then came the perfectly fit tuxedo and shoes, a diamond stud in my ear and a watch that felt like it had to have been grown to fit my arm it felt so natural and I looked sensual like I was ready to take on the whole fashion world. Somehow it all was very surreal, like I was being prepared to go to the Academy Awards or something and I’m not real taken with myself usually, but they had done an incredible job of making me look hot. Not that I had much attention for my own reflection with three naked women dressing me.

My reflection next to theirs was as close to touching again as I would get that afternoon, or I guess it was early evening. With the same flurry of activity I was whisked out to a waiting limo, this one a much larger stretch limo that looked bigger inside than some of my apartments in college and inside was the person I’d been being prepared for and who I so wanted to please. Jennifer.