 This story is by request from one of my readers.

*****

My friend Lily had rented a cabin near a lake and invited me to come along for the weekend. She told me that not many people were usually up there and we could do what we wanted. I thought it was a great idea to go to the outdoors and have some fun swimming, hiking and playing in the sunlight.

We arrived Friday evening just before dark and got settled in. The lake was beautiful and as she said there were only a few other cabins scattered around the lake. The cabins were all back away from the lake closer to the woods with walkways leading down to docks. It was the perfect place to have some fun in the sun.

The next morning when we woke up we decided to go for a walk around the lake. We put on our sun dresses and sandals then headed down to the lake. There was a dirt path that went around the lake and we started walking along hand in hand. We had walked for at least ten minutes before we came to the next cabin which was empty and I started to get a naughty idea about having sex with Lily right there by the lake. We continued walking and the next cabin was still a good way off when I noticed a large flat rock sitting between some bushes.

I ran over to the rock took my dress off and waved for Lily to come over. She slipped off her dress as she came towards me and I laid down on the rock and spread my legs letting my hand slip down and rub my shaved pussy. She got down on her knees between my legs parted my pink lips and began licking my slit. My hips were rising pressing against her mouth as suckled on my clit. I could feel the cool breeze blowing across my body and it sent shivers through me which made me pull her mouth to my bald pussy harder as she tongue fucked me.

Her tongue was deep inside my wet pussy licking at my inner walls while I was squeezing and pinching my nipples enjoying what her tongue was doing when I thought I heard a noise. I looked up and saw a guy standing behind Lily stroking his huge hard cock. He had a broad chest with six pack abs and when he saw me he placed his finger to his lips for me to be quiet and I smiled at him. He bent down behind Lily and she let out a gasp when she felt the head of his cock rub up against her ass. She looked back and saw the guy and smiled at him.

She moaned loudly as his cock spread her pussy open wide. She was holding onto me as he grabbed her hips and started pumping harder and faster. She pushed back meeting each of his thrust and it would push her forward. His cock was still deep inside her and she crawled up on top of me. I held her tight as he continued his assault on her pussy. I took her gumdrop nipple in my mouth and suckled on it feeling the force of him fucking her pushing her against me. 

She began screaming in pleasure pain when I felt her body begin to shake. I held her tight as she climaxed and covered his cock with her sweet cream. She laid down on top of me panting when I felt him grab my legs and spread them open. His cock was still hard and wet when thrust it deep inside me. I grabbed Lily tight and muffled a scream against her neck as his thick hard cock filled my pussy in one thrust. He pulled back almost all the way out and continued thrusting it back hard fucking me. 

He fucked me hard slamming his full shaft into my pussy over and over then began taking turns fucking Lily and I. He would fuck her pussy and in the middle of a stroke force his cock back into my pussy. We were holding onto each other tight as he used our pussies for his pleasure. Both of us were moaning loudly and holding each other out tits pressed together feeling our hard nipples rubbing against each other. You could smell the scent of sex in the air from Lily and I climaxing and the cum that was spilled all over the rock.

His strokes became quicker and more urgent as he groaned louder. He was still fucking the two of us with our bodies pressed together when he announced he was going to cum. We both quickly got on the ground in front of him with our mouths open. He stood there stroking his cock until we saw a small amount of cum come out of the little slit in his cock then he shot a long stream of cum over our faces and in our mouths. Lily and I were licking his cum from each other as he continued to shoot stream after stream onto us. 

Once he finished we both licked and sucked his cock clean getting a taste of both our flavors. He turned and sat on the rock while Lily and I got into a sixty nine position on the ground and started licking each other clean. Her tongue was deep inside my soaked pussy as I spread her lips and suckled on her clit. Her tongue darted inside me as her she tongue fucked me and I used three fingers and finger fucked her. Our juices were flowing once more as our moans became louder.

Lily looked over at the guy and saw that his cock was rock hard again. She got up and straddled him sliding his huge cock inside her ass. She started riding his cock hard as he squeezed her tits and played with her nipples. I got up and straddled his face and he lapped at my pussy with his tongue. She and I kissed and played with each others tits as he again pounded away at her ass while tongue fucking me. I reached down and rubbed her clit while sucking on her nipple. Her body began to shake and she squirted her cream over his chest and my tummy. Then we held each other while he brought me to another climax covering his face with my cream. 

We all laid there on the rock for a little bit catching our breath and then he got up, got dressed smiled and walked off leaving us laying there satisfied. After a few minutes we put our clothes back on and headed back to the cabin.

*****

I hope you enjoyed this fantasy story and I look forward to your comments.