 Author's note: This story is based on another reader's request. The requester supplied the story theme and asked me to write about a gay guy who gets seduced by his neighbors and converts to a bisexual life style. It is completely fiction and all characters are at least 18 years of age.

*

Randy had just purchased his first home in Sausalito, California and he was thrilled with it. It was a modest three story home tucked into the side of a hilly wooded lot. The first level had a one car garage with and unfinished half basement for storage. On the main level there was a great room, master bedroom with a master bath and half bath. The great room was comprised of the kitchen, dining area and gathering room. The third level was a loft with a pull down loft staircase. Adjacent to the master bedroom was a tiled roman bath that could easily accommodate six to eight people. That was in addition to the master bath with a shower.

Outside the back yard was secluded by the surrounding woods and had a nice size deck. There was a sauna on the deck that the sellers had hated to leave behind. Randy loved the sauna and he could go from his great room to the sauna with just a towel wrapped around him, it was that private in the back. He had moved in several weeks ago and now everything was in place and decorated to his taste. Soon randy would invite some of his friends over to party and get crazy in the roman bath. He couldn't wait to see all the guys naked together.

Randy was gay but most people wouldn't know that when they met him. He was 6'0" tall, weighed 180 pounds and stayed very fit riding his bike through the hills of Marin County. He had sandy brown hair with blue eyes and kept his skin very tan. He had no tan lines as he had sunbathed nude many times and had long lost them. Randy was a very private person and although he enjoyed another guy's company he did not want a roommate. 

One Sunday morning when Randy was enjoying his coffee and reading the paper out on his deck, the next door neighbors stopped over. Randy had not met anyone in the neighborhood yet as everyone's place was somewhat secluded. Beth and Rick Harris lived next door and Randy was pleased that they had stopped over and introduced themselves. Rick was a physical specimen at 6'2" and 195 pounds. Had bleach blonde hair and he was very fit and very tan. Beth was a cute blonde with curly hair down to her neck. She had a very nice figure that Randy guessed to be about 34-22-35. Beth had shapely legs and a very round curvy ass, the kind that Randy liked to fuck if it belonged to a guy.

Beth and Rick were on their way out to breakfast and they invited Randy to join them. Randy was pleased that they asked and he accepted the invitation. The three of them went to the local coffee house where they had a light breakfast and several lattes. The three of them got acquainted and enjoyed sharing backgrounds and stories. The topic of sex never came up but Randy sensed that there was something very different about them. Rick mentioned that he and Beth used to use the sauna at Randy's house from time to time after a workout. Randy told them that they were still welcome to use it in the future.

After breakfast they three of them departed and then Randy went back to his house. It had started to rain while they were eating breakfast so Randy decided that he would watch a movie. He had picked up this one movie that he had been dying to see entitled Brotherly Love. It was a gay porn movie and it had five sex scenes with guys who looked like brothers, although they were not. Randy read over the cast names and not one last name was the same. The movie was made in Montreal and all the actors were French Canadian. Randy watched the entire movie first as he always did and then he returned to his favorite scenes. There was one scene that was incredibly hot involving two handsome gays getting in a sauna. Randy fast forwarded to that scene and then got set to watch it. He stripped off his clothes and sat naked in his favorite chair as it started to play.

The scene opened with a very handsome guy named Billy sitting on a wooden bench in the sauna. He had his eyes closed and the towel had opened up to display his cock and balls. The impression was that Billy was having a hot dream because his 7-8 cock was standing straight up. Billy was tan all over and he looked like a bronze god. Then another guy entered the sauna who was apparently Billy's brother named Julian. He took a seat next to Billy and looked at him and smiled when he saw Billy's erection.

Julian slid closer to Billy and then tenderly touched Billy's erect cock. Billy stirred but he did not open his eyes. Julian then gently wrapped his hand around Billy's cock and slowly moved it up and down the shaft. As Julian jerked off Billy, Julian's towel also opened up and his erect 7-8 inch cock peeked out. Julian then took a hold of his won cock and stroked it as he stroked Billy's. Julian was also tan all over and the two of them really looked alike. They were both golden tan, very fit with curly dark hair and they both had beautiful cocks.

As Julian stroked both cocks, Billy stared to stir and then he finally opened his eyes. He smiled at Julian who then leaned in and kissed Billy on the lips. Billy returned the kiss and Julian moved closer. Julian lifted Billy's leg and placed it over his own. The two of them kissed and Billy then reached for Julian's cock and began to stroke it. The two of them were stroking each other's cocks and kissing. It was a very erotic scene and Randy's own 7 inch cock was as stiff as a board.

Julian then broke the kiss and leaned over to take Billy's cock in his mouth. The towels were dropped and Julian's head bobbed up and down on Billy's cock while Billy reached around and stroked Julian's cock. Billy then leaned back on the wooden bench and Julian moved between Billy's legs. Julian resumed sucking Billy's cock as Billy caressed Julian's hair. Julian then wet his finger with his saliva and eased it into Billy's ass. Julian proceeded to finger fuck Billy as he sucked Billy's cock. Billy just groaned with pleasure and continued to caress Julian's head.

Julian then began to lick Billy's balls, rim Billy's asshole and then return to sucking his cock. Julian took a hold of his own erect cock and stroked it as he sucked Billy's cock and fingered Billy's asshole. This went on for a few minutes and then Julian positioned himself between Billy's legs and eased his cock into Billy's ass. Julian then fucked Billy missionary style for several minutes. The tow of them grunted and groaned and then their bodies stiffened giving the viewer the impression that they had cum.

Next it was Billy sucking Julian's cock, fingering and rimming Julian's ass hole. Then Billy moved between Julian's legs and they fucked missionary style again. This time Billy pulled out of Julian's ass and the two of them sat next to each other on the sauna bench. They both jerked on their own cocks and Julian ejaculated first spraying cum all over his body and Billy's thigh. Billy kept whacking his meat had and fast in search of his own release. Julian rubbed Billy's pecs and pinched his nipples as Billy's face became contorted with lust. Then Billy groaned and shot gobs of cum all over his chest and pubes. Julian continued to rub Billy's body and then he rub cum into Billy's skin. The two of them then kissed and pressed their cum-covered bodies together as the scene ended.

Randy had been jerking off watching the scene and when the actors came, he came too. He shot wads of cum into the air and covered his naked chest and pubes with it. Randy was breathing heavy as he thought that he had watched the hottest scene that he had ever seen in gay porn. Randy thought about his own sauna and how hot it would be to seduce a guy in it. He knew that his gay friends would have no trouble getting it on in the sauna but he love to seduce someone. In fact someone like his hot neighbor Rick would be perfect.

Randy watched the same scene two more times and he masturbated both times. He had seen gay porn before but he had never seen a scene so sensuous as the sauna scene. The two guys were beautiful and they had gorgeous bodies and luscious cocks. Randy loved the tenderness displayed in the movie and it really seemed as if the two guys were in love. The passion and pace of the love making was extremely well done. Randy made a note of the actor's names as he planned to look for more movies with them in the cast. Later that night when Randy retired, he put the movie in the DVD player in his bedroom and watched the sauna scene one more time before he fell asleep. BETH AND RICK

"So what do you think of our new neighbor?" Beth asked.

"He seems nice enough. I'm sure that he will be a good neighbor," Rick replied.

"You know what I mean. Do you think that he's a swinger? Do you think that he will swing with us?" Beth pressed the question.

"I don't know. He didn't seem that interested in you at breakfast. Most other guys are always flirting with you," Rick answered.

"Yeah, I noticed that. I think that he is gay," Beth observed.

"Maybe or maybe he is bisexual," Rick commented.

"I don't think that he is bi but I think we can make him bi," Beth giggled.

"That could be a challenge. He seems to know what he wants," Rick responded.

"Well I think we can work on him. It will be up to you to let him seduce you and then we can see how soon I can enter the picture," Beth stated.

"Sounds like a plan. Come on I'm horny now from thinking about that let's go to bed," Rick requested.

Rick and Beth headed for their bedroom and Beth got in bed naked. They always slept naked together. Rick stood by the bed with his erect cock standing straight out from his body. Rick was proud of his body and he stood by the bed letting Beth admire it before he made his next move. Rick walked along side the bed bringing his cock closer to Beth's head. Beth stared hungrily at his huge cock and then reached out with her hand to stroke it. She marveled at its size and compared it to all the other cocks that she had had. Rick sighed deeply as she masturbated him. She loved Rick's cock.

Beth leaned forward and her tongue snaked out and lapped at his ball sac lightly, then she gently licked up and down his shaft. Her tongue circled his cock head as she slowly took the head of his penis into her mouth. Her lips slid further down the shaft as she was able to take half of his cock in her mouth drawing a moan from him. They hadn't spoken a word to each other since they moved to the bedroom. Beth began to bob her head back and forth on his cock, sucking hard on his huge member and testing her gag line. She was able to get about seven inches in her mouth. Beth slurped loudly on Rick's dick as her soft lips glided smoothly up and down his long thick cock.

Rick stood before the shapely Beth as she sucked ravenously on his impressive cock. Her hand cupped his balls and gently caressed them as her tongue licked at the head of his dick each time it came out of her mouth. Rick placed his hands on the back of her head and guided her as she gave him an incredible blowjob. He loved the way she sucked his cock. She was so hot and he couldn't believe his good fortune to be with her as he held her hair back to watch her pretty face and sensuous mouth. Beth kept her eyes closed with her lips snugly wrapped around his shaft as she bobbed back and forth. She was still incredibly turned on and her pussy was soaked. 

Rick brought excitement into her life after they met and Beth was addicted to him. She was so enamored with his impressive cock; she found that she loved to suck on it. Beth was desperate to please him and to make him cum and she wanted this to be Rick's best blow job ever. She put all her efforts into it and it did not take long to bring Rick to the edge.

Rick announced that he was cumming and Beth clamped down on his cock determined to swallow every drop of his seed. She could feel his cock jerk in her hand as volley after volley bounced off the back of her throat. Beth swallowed as quickly as she could and did not allow a drop to escape her mouth. She continued to suck on his cock milking it dry of his sperm. Then Beth took the cock from her mouth and Rick watched as she squeezed more cum out the end of his dick. Beth then wrapped her lips around it and sucked his man juice dry. She nibbled on his dick head causing him to shiver and he pushed her away. Rick's cock stayed hard and Beth marveled at the impressive organ before her. Beth lay back on the bed and displayed her beautiful neatly trimmed blonde pussy to Rick. She opened her legs and smiled at him.

"Now do your thing," she said as she opened her legs before him hiding nothing and leaving no doubt as to her desire; her pussy for his taking.

Rick knelt before Beth at the end of her bed and kissed her from her knee up her soft thighs towards her womanhood. He took in the lovely smell of her as he kissed her smooth creamy white skin just beside her vagina. Beth was in a state of ecstasy and her heart pounded as she watched her lover lick her. Her cunt lips quivered as he teased them with his tongue and kissed her everywhere she desired. Rick's tongue was long and probed deep into the inner walls of her pussy.

Beth ran her hands over her body cupping her breasts and rolling her nipples between her fingertips. Rick sucked her cunt lips into his mouth as his tongue snaked around in her snatch. Rick still had not made contact with her clit and Beth desperately needed his tongue or his cock to touch her clit. She moaned in pleasure and frustration as Rick continued to tease her. He again wiggled his tongue deep within her pussy before finally nudging her clit. Beth jumped as a spark of pleasure shot through her body. Rick slid his hands under her curvy ass and lovingly cupped her shapely ass cheeks. He sucked her clit into his mouth and held it between his lips as he ran his tongue over the hard little pearl. Beth arched her back as she felt her orgasm approach.

"Oh yes, oh yes," she called out as the first wave rocked her body.

Beth grabbed Rick's head with both hands and pulled his face harder into her crotch. She vigorously humped his face as his tongue danced over her super sensitive cit. Her thighs clamped around his head and her entire body trembled as she came again almost violently. Beth felt her pussy pulsating as she covered Rick's face with her female juices. Finally she collapsed back on the bed releasing him in the process.

"Oh my God," Beth moaned.

Rick raised himself up and knelt between her legs. His huge cock looked intimidating as it hovered above her hips.

"Are you ready for this?" he asked smiling confidently.

"Oh you know I am, please, make love to me now," Beth pleaded. 

Rick held his cock and lined up the swollen head with the entrance to her sex. He pushed forward slightly allowing her tight cunt lips to open up for his impressive cock. He was about half way in when he pulled out and then slowly eased back into her causing her to moan in pleasure. Rick would push in a little and then pull out a little slowly working his cock deeper and deeper into her vagina. Finally his entire cock was buried in her and Beth sighed feeling completely full it was a fantastic sensation for her to be this full.

Rick held himself inside her waiting for Beth to start fucking him. He looked down at her and smiled and then she pulled him down to her and they kissed deeply with their tongues playing with one another. Beth was ready to be fucked and she needed his big dick to slide in and out of her and rub her clit. She began to move and then Rick fucked her using long slow hard strokes. Beth locked her legs around Rick's ass and pulled him into her. He began to fuck her harder and faster and she felt another orgasm on its way. She was at the mercy of his stiff organ as it pounded her pussy.

If Rick hadn't just cum in her mouth he would not have been able to hold on as long as he did. Beth was so hot that squeezed him with her tight pussy; she was really a good fuck. Rick fucked through her one orgasm after another before he filled her pussy with cum. His orgasm was as intense as hers as their bodies ground together and they moaned and groaned loudly. 

Beth could feel his cock softening but even then it still filled her cunt. Rick slowly lifted himself off of her body and in so doing his thick cock slipped from her pussy. Beth felt the void in her cunt as his cock left her body and she gasped as the coolness of the air touched her vacant pussy.

Rick left Beth in bed and he went into his bathroom and ran the water in the Roman bath tub. As the tub was filling with hot water and bath oil, Rick got a bottle of white wine and an ice bucket. He set up the ice bucket with the wine and two plastic wine glasses on the tub and then he went back in his bedroom to get Beth. Beth smiled at him as he reached for her and took her hand. Beth followed him into the bathroom as she knew what she was in for. Rick turned on the jets and poured the wine as they both got into the tub.

Beth leaned back into Rick and he reached around and stroked her firm tits. He tweaked and rolled her nipples in his fingers. Rick slid one of his hands down across her firm abs over her little blonde tuft of hair and found her vagina. Rick played with the folds of her labia and then inserted his fingers in her pussy. He found her hard clit and rolled it between his fingers as he continued to tease her nipples with his other hand.

As Beth got turned on Rick moved her to the other side of the tub and he had her lean over the edge presenting her shapely ass to him. Her ass always looked good when it glistened with water and bath oil. It looked so sensual. Rick leaned over and licked Beth's pussy from behind driving her wild. Then he had the urge to tongue her beautiful ass so he swiped his tongue from her pussy up and over her bung hole and back to her pussy. Beth gasped out loud when Rick's tongue touched her asshole. Rick really got into it and he grasped both of her curvy ass cheeks and pulled them slightly apart so that he could get his tongue in deeper. Rick probed her pink aperture with his tongue as he inserted three fingers in her pussy. Beth started whimpering, gasping and rotating her ass. 

"Oh my God, oh yessssss," she cried out.

Rick grabbed the bottle of wine and poured some in the crack of her ass letting it trickle down over her anus and pussy. He placed his mouth on her and drank up the wine swabbing her pussy and ass in the process. Rick repeated this several more times until Beth seemed to go into convulsions with another orgasm. She collapsed back into Rick's arms and he stroked her fantastic tits as she recovered from the intensity of her orgasm.

"I love that. It always feels so naughty and so wicked but so wonderful too," she uttered in an exhaustive voice.

"I love drinking wine from your ass and licking your cute asshole," Rick sighed.

They decided to get out of the bath before they turned into prunes. They dried off and flopped down on their bed. Beth began to stroke his cock into an erect state and then proceeded to suck on it. Beth loved to stick her tongue in the little hole and nibble on his cock head. This always made Beth hot and she needed Rick's cock in her pussy. She straddled him and aimed his cock in her hole and rode him until she achieved another orgasm. Beth rolled over on her stomach so as to look at Rick who lay on his back. 

Rick looked at Beth's ass and he could not resist running his hands over her shapely cheeks. Her ass was so amazing that he felt his loins stir with desire again. He had never fucked such a perfect ass and he desperately wanted to fuck it that night as well. Rick got to his knees behind Beth and kneaded her gorgeous ass cheeks. He then began to kiss her cheeks and run his tongue lightly in the crack of her ass. Beth wiggled her ass feeling very wicked as he tongued and kissed her just as he had in the Roman bath
