 I’ve always had this fantasy of two men fucking me at once. Whenever I think of this I get horny. I often use the fantasy when I masturbate. One guy would feed me his big hard cock, while the other licked my pussy. Imagining that scene usually makes me come instantly.

Let me tell you a little about me. I’m a 20-year-old college girl. I have long brown hair and big brown eyes. I have a figure that men drool over and girl’s envy. I have nice, perk 34c breasts. Numerous men compliment me on my firm ass. I usually just smile my sexy smile and walk on, making sure I sway my hips and ass seductively while they enjoy the view. 

Here is something else I’d like to share. I love to fuck. It doesn’t matter where I am or whom I’m with. I’d fuck anywhere, with anyone, at anytime. I’ve been fucking ever since I was 15 and still Daddy’s little girl. 

I remember when I had my first fuck. It had been with a guy 5 years older than I. He was actually my neighbor at the time. My parent’s had gone out for the evening to attend a cocktail party. I was in my silk pajamas, the hem of it barely covering my ass. I heard the front doorbell ring and I got up from the couch where I’d been watching television and went to look through the peephole.

It was Mark. Let me tell you that I got excited just seeing him. I’ve fantasized about him quite often when I would touch myself. Whenever I see him outside mowing his grass, I’d come out wearing a midriff top and really short shorts that defined my ass perfectly. It turned me on knowing his lustful eyes were fixed on my ass. I would even bend over, pretending to attend at my mother’s flowerbeds. My shorts would dig farther into the crack of my ass. I knew he was getting an eye full. I would look at him, smiling innocently. He would look away trying to pretend he hadn’t noticed. I knew what he was thinking. He wanted that body of mine and I had every intention of fulfilling his desire. 

Tonight is going to be that time, I thought. I opened the door. Mark looked great tonight. He was wearing a white shirt and black slacks. 

“ Hi, Mark. Is there something I can do for you?”

His eyes wondered over my body taking in my breasts, my nipples hard and straining against my silk pajama top. His eyes traveled downward where the hem scarcely covered my thighs. His mouth opened faintly. 

“ Um…is your Dad home, Lindy?”

“ No, they went out to a party. I’m glad you came over though. I could sure use some company.” I smiled sweetly.

“ Well, he wanted me to stop by earlier, but I wasn’t able to. He was going to assist me with my Algebra, both my parent’s suck at it. I knew your father used to teach Math, so would rather ask him then my parent’s.”

“ Oh, I see.” I tilted my head to one side, twisting a lock of brown hair around my slender finger. “ How about you come in for a minute and keep me company.” I didn’t wait for him to answer. I turned around walking back into my living room and sat down on the couch, leaving the front door open.

I heard it shut softly. He came and sat down on the couch beside me. Closely, I might add. He smelled great. I leaned unto him, my nose inches away from his masculine neck. I breathed in lightly, enjoying his scent. Then exhaling, I let my warm breath touch his skin.

“Mmm, you smell so good.” I placed my hand on his inner thigh. “ Mark, do you think I’m attractive?” I ran my hand even higher.

“ Of course I do, what guy wouldn’t?” His blue eyes met mine and he smiled, showing his faultless teeth.

“ I’m pleased you think that, because I find you terribly sexy and there is something I want to share with you.”

I got up from the couch and stood in front of him. I grabbed the hem of my pajamas with both hands and slowly brought it up and over my head. My body was perfect and I loved showing it off to him. His mouth gapped open as he stared at my exposed body. I looked down and could see his erection straining against his pants.

“ Lindy, what are you doing? Put your clothes back on!” He turned away from me, trying to avoid my young, naked body.

“ What’s the matter, I thought you said I was attractive? Don’t you like my body?” I came to him and sat down, straddling his lap. I could feel his cock press against me and my clit tingled.

“ Yes, you look great. It’s just we shouldn’t be doing this. I’m 5 years older than you. Also, what If your parent’s came home?” He tried to push me off him, but I resisted.

“ It’s okay. I’m not expecting them for another hour. Let’s be frank here, I know that you watch me outside. I also know that you fantasize about me. How you would love to get your hands on my ass and my firm tits. I bet you think how much you would love to fuck my young pussy. So, now is your chance.” I rubbed my pelvis against his crotch and he groaned.

Even though I was a virgin, I knew exactly how to please him. At times when my parent’s were out, I would go into their bedroom and look at their porn collection. Lying on their bed I would watch all kinds of act’s; men fucking women, women sucking cock, men eating pussy. I would touch my own as I watched. The sensations were great. I now wanted to experience that. I wanted to be fucked, and I wanted my pussy licked. I’m sure that the sensations are much better than when I finger myself. I couldn’t wait to see what it felt like to hold his hard cock in my hand, or taste him in my mouth.

“ Lindy! I can’t believe you’re saying such things. Yes, I think you have an incredible body, but your dad would kill me if he found out. Of course I stare sometimes, but what do you expect when you come out dressed the way you do? Are you sure you want to do this?”

“ Mark, my tit’s really need some attention. Why don’t you touch them for me?” His eyes went to my breasts. With both hands he cupped them. He gently kneaded them while he let his thumbs make circular motions on my erect, sensitive nipples. I moaned deep in my throat, thrusting my chest more against his hands. Bringing his head down, he lightly flicked my nipple with his tongue. He brought it into his mouth, sucking on it gently and capturing it between his teeth. My hands went to the back of his head, drawing him closer. My breathing became deeper. I let out a moan from the torture of his mouth gently sucking my nipples. I grinded my pelvis against the bulge in his pants again and again, enjoying the sensation it was bringing to my engorged clit.

“ Do you like me sucking your nipples, Lindy?” 

“ Oh, yesss. You’ve made me so drenched. My pussy is aching for you now.”

“ I’ll have to take care of that,” he said. “ Let’s just see how wet you are.”

He grabbed me by the hips and lowered me from the couch, unto the floor. He then reached for his belt and unbuckled it. Unzipping, he let his pants fall to the floor. Then off went his shirt. His cock was hard and sticking out through his white briefs. 

He then knelt down between my legs, pulling them apart. His hand ran over my firm tummy and down, running through the small patch of hair covering my pussy lips. His finger found my clit and he rubbed it in circles. I raised my hips up, moaning loudly.

“ You’re right, you are wet. I think I want a taste of you.”

His tongue traveled over my navel, dipping his tongue in my belly button; Moving down, kissing the thin, trimmed patch of hair and inhaling the scent of my arousal. His tongue slid down the two folds of my pussy, spreading them, and licking light circles around my pink bud. He flicked across it back and forth, dipping a finger into my moist box, my vaginal walls closing around his finger. He sucked my clit gently, and lightly took it between his teeth while his tongue teased it. He slid another finger in, pumping in and out in a steady rhythm. My hips thrust up, my hands clenched the rug that I was lying on. His tongue continued its play on my most private part until I could feel myself coming. I grabbed his head, my pussy pushing against his mouth, and let out a loud cry of release.

“ Oh, I’m cummmming!” 

He continued licking me, his tongue dipping into my box, sucking and licking until I was clean. Rising up, he knelt by my head and pulled down his briefs. His cock was at least 8 inches and the circumference was thick and his width was long and hard. The tip was shaped like a mushroom and I could see a tiny drop of moisture at the tip. I reached up, taking him in my small hand. I stroked the length of him, from the base all the way to the top. I soothingly caressed and fondled his balls that hung from his rigid tool. I loved the feel of them in my hand, soft to the touch.

One elbow supporting me, I brought him to my hungry mouth. Sticking out my tongue, Mark rubbed the tip of his cock back and forth and I could taste his pre cum in my mouth. Pushing forward then, his length disappeared in my wet hole; he went a little too far for my virgin mouth and I nearly gagged. Holding my head, he pushed back and forth, his cock dripping with my saliva. Now I wanted to control it. I took him by the base with my hand and let my tongue circle the head. I tenderly nibbled with my teeth, and then taking the head I started a gentle suction with my mouth. I alternated between licking, sucking, and licking; and then finally bringing the head, then the shaft, into my wet and welcome mouth. Every time I took his throbbing member in deeper and deeper until I could feel the tip rubbing the back of my throat. I could tell he liked that, he was moaning loudly telling me not to stop and thrusting his hips further inside. I kept at it; sucking up and down the length of him, letting my hand pump his hard shaft every time I pulled out. He must have been ready to cum; because he pulled out and told me he wanted to feel my pussy around him when he came. 

He spread my legs wide and got between them. He worked a few fingers in my cunt finding that it was still wet and ready. He rubbed himself against my wetness, my clit responding and growing hard once again. Groaning, I pushed my pussy against him. Then ever so gradually, he began to ease the head of his cock in my wet and waiting oven. I felt a pop and a slight pain when he pushed even farther, half way to the base. He stayed put for a second letting me get used to his invasion. Then, thrusting in and out slowly in a steady rhythm. Soon, the burning sensation I had felt subsided and I began to feel the pleasure his cock was bringing to the walls of my cunt. With each thrust, his pelvis rubbed against my clit; the feeling of his cock stroking me, and him rubbing against my most pleasurable spot was too much to take and I exploded in another orgasm. I could feel the mixture of our juices running down my thighs. His pounding of my cunt quickened, stretching me, rubbing my virgin walls with his thick cock. Then, he pulled out of me and started jerking off until white cum squirted all over my tummy. I rubbed it in with my hands.

After that night, we continued our play whenever we had the opportunity. Turned out that that hadn’t been his first time and he was well experienced in that field. He taught me a lot about sex and what pleases men most. Mostly everything I know now about it, I learned from him. 

I am now sitting in my apartment waiting for my boyfriend to show up. I had talked to him earlier on the phone. He had said he had a huge surprise for me. Today is my 20th birthday. 

We have been going out for about a month. He is a football quarterback for our college. He has charmingly good looks; brown hair, blue eyes, and 5’8. He also does a wonderful job tending to my desires. I had told him about my fantasy about having two guys at once and he told me that maybe it would happen someday. We have a wonderful sex life and we have tried practically everything but a threesome.

I picked out the sexiest outfit of my whole wardrobe to wear for this evening. A black, spaghetti straps dress, with black thigh highs and a garter belt. I looked great in this dress. It really does wonders for my sexy curves and gorgeous legs. I know when he sees this dress he’ll want to fuck me as soon as he walks in the door. 

Finally the knock on the door came and I made my way from the bedroom to front. Looking through the peephole I saw my boyfriend, Dave, and his friend also. I think I had a good idea what he was up to. I opened the door.

“ Wow. Lindy, you look great! But, of course, you always do.” Dave reached out and gave me hug, letting his hand travel down to give my ass a good squeeze.

“ I knew you’d like it,” I said with a grin.

“ I hope you don’t mind my bringing him along. This is Alex.” 

Alex gave me a big grin. “ When you said she was hot, I didn’t think you meant THIS hot!

We went inside and Dave went to the fridge to get several beers. I put on some soft music and sat on the couch next to Alex. Dave soon joined us and we opened the beers. My head was really spinning after I had my 4th beer. I got up from the couch and started to dance leisurely; my hips swaying back and forth seductively; my hands riding up my thighs and over my tummy. I turned and bent down, my dress rising over my thighs and letting both men get a view of my silk panties.

Dave joined me from the couch. He got behind me and gripped my waist with his hands. My ass pushed against his crotch, and I swayed from side to side. Soon, I could feel his erection against me. He groaned and started playing my ear with his tongue. His hands came up to grab my breasts. We had completely forgotten Alex, who was still on the couch. His eyes were watching Dave’s hands on my tits. He was really enjoying the show.

Dave let the straps of my dress fall from my shoulders and the silk fell to the floor. I was now showing off my stockings and garter. My breasts were in plain view of both men. Dave began softly squeezing them. His thumbs played with my nipples sending bolts of lightening through me. 

Moving in front of me, he devoured my breasts with his mouth. His tongue found my sensitive nipple and he stroked it in circles. His hand ran down my belly and started grouping my cunt through my silk panties. I looked over at Alex and gave him a seductive smile. He had his pants unzipped and was slowly stroking his 8 in cock.

Dave knelt in front of me and slid my silk panties down, revealing my shaved pussy to his hungry gaze.

“ Leave these stockings on. Your pussy is so nice.”

His Index finger traced the outer lips of my moist cunt. Spreading them, he pushed two fingers inside my silken heat. He fucked me with his fingers, pushing them as far as they would go. 

Alex got up from the couch and stripped himself. He made his way to me, where he greedily grabbed one of my tits and started sucking gently on my nipple, while his other hand played with the other. Dave was now lapping at my cunt with his eager tongue. Two fingers still inside me, his tongue played over my erect clit. 

“ Oh, that’s it. YES.” I moaned. I went to the arm of the couch and bent over.

“ I think she wants to be fucked. Why don’t you do the honors, Alex?”

“ I’d be happy to oblige.” He got behind Linda and worked a few fingers inside her before taking the head of his cock in her cunt. Gripping her hips, he started fucking her slowly. Dave loved watching another guy pounding his girlfriend.

“ Fuck her good, Alex.”

His cock was pounding as far as it would go; stretching and stroking the walls of my pussy. His hand came around me to finger my clit. His tempo quickened and he started savagely pounding me so hard the couch was moving back and forth. He took a handful of my hair making my head tilt back.

“ Ohhh, harder. Love that big cock in my cunt.”

Dave shed his clothes and stretched out on the couch. He came forward; letting his legs dangle over the arm so that his cock was in reach for me. I began to suck Dave off while his friend fucked me from behind.

“ Is his cock big enough for you?”

“ Yesss, it’s plenty big,” I said, breathlessly. I took Dave’s cock and started deep-throating him while gently messaging his ball sack.

“ God, she is so tight,” Alex moaned. “ Does she give good head?”

“ She’s the best cocksucker there is,” he said. He thrust his hips up, forcing his cock farther in my wet mouth.

I brought my mouth up on his cock and sucked the head. I swirled my tongue around the tip before taking it all the way in. I stroked the base of him with my hand in a twisting motion while following likewise with my mouth. Continuing to pump his shaft, I gently licked his balls making them all wet. He was pushing his hips up and moaning loudly.

“ God, this is heaven.”

Alex stopped fucking me. “ I have an idea, let’s try something else.” He lied down on his back on the floor. 

“ Lindy, come sit on my face so I can taste that nice cunt. We’ll do 69. Dave can fuck you from behind.”

Lindy knelt down on Alex’s face and he began greedily licking her cunt. Lindy took his cock and began licking up and down while pumping the base with her hand.

“ Mmm, fuck my face, Lindy.” I began rubbing my wet pussy back and forth on his mouth and nose. I then felt a cream being put on my asshole and a thumb was inserted slowly. It pumped in and out of my dirty whole. Then, Dave gradually pushed the tip of his cock up my ass until it was filled. He gripped my ass and started fucking me that way. I was pushing back meeting his thrusts and at the same time rubbing my cunt on Alex’s face. I was sucking him off faster, meeting the rhythm of Dave’s pounding. Matching him stroke for stroke. 

Alex was flicking the tip of his tongue over and over again on my clit sending pleasurable sensations through me. I could feel Dave’s balls slapping against my pussy with each thrust of his hips. Then, he started whacking my butt with a firm hand every time he shot forward. I let out a small yelp. He knew I was enjoying it.

I had no idea having two men pleasure me at once could be so intense. The sensations were so immense it was almost unbearable. 

Alex really knew how to work his tongue. I was getting closer to having a mind-blowing orgasm. My juices were all over his face and I could feel my wetness dripping down my thighs.

His cock tasted really good. I love feeling his hardness sliding in my mouth. I was taking him all the way in, letting his tip rub the back of my throat. Taking his soft, yet hard balls in my hand, I messaged them. Then, his hips shot forward and his load squirted into my mouth. I let in run unto my chin and onto his navel. I could feel the vibrations of his muffled cries against my cunt. He took the lips of my sex and was sucking them and then stuck his tongue inside my whole. I impaled myself up and down on his tongue like it was his cock. His finger played my clit fast. 

“ I’m going to come soon!” Just as I did, Dave pulled out and jerked off on my up turned ass.

“ You were right, Dave. She does give a great blow job.”

“ How did he treat your cunt, Lindy?”

I smiled contently. “ He was wonderful. This was the best birthday I girl could ever ask for. Thank you, honey.”

We all agreed that we’d do this again sometime. Alex mentioned a friend that would probably like to get in on the action and Dave and I said we’d be glad to meet him.

We all freshened up and drank some more while watching television. We even played more before Alex had to leave. I let him lick my cunt while Dave watched, giving me another tremendous orgasm while Dave jerked off.

I couldn’t wait till next time.