 Sexual fantasies were always on Jane's prurient mind. Most of them she had told her fiancé Ron about. There was one dream, though, that she had kept to herself, until, that is, the day Ron announced his birthday gift to her. 

"Tell me your most erotic fantasy, my love, and I will make it come true for you. Whatever it is, no matter what, you can have it. Pretend I don't even exist in your life and just come up with exactly what you would really like to have happen to you sexually. Even if you want a dozen other guys to fuck you I promise I won't be jealous. Really, you can have anything your heart desires," Ron told her.

"OK," she told him. "You're on. But I have to warn you my ultimate sexual fantasy is complicated and specific and might cost you a fortune to produce. It's something that's been in my mind ever since I took that massage seminar at Esalen Institute in California years ago. We did things there during that two weeks that taught me a new reality in sensuality and opened my eyes to possibilities of pleasure that I hadn't ever experienced before," Jane said, hoping he wouldn't back out of his offer.

"That's all right, lover. I don't care how much it costs. I just want you to have the ultimate sexual experience once in your life," Ron told her, grabbing Jane by the shoulders and kissing her firmly on the lips. She returned his kiss and they cemented the deal by peeling each other's clothes off and making love. They did all their favorite things: sucking, fucking, licking, using fingers and mouths and tongues to elicit as much pleasure as they could for each other until they were both exhausted and thoroughly satisfied, covered in sweat, saliva and cum juices. 

Afterwards, as they lay in each other's arms relaxing, Jane described her fantasy to her lover and waited for his response. His reaction was very positive and very obvious. He had another raging hard-on. Jane was delighted he liked her idea and immediately climbed on top of Ron and lowered her wet cunt onto his stiff cock. She fucked him slowly at first, lifting her ass up and down on his long shaft, but as she got more and more turned on she couldn't help herself. She started moving faster and faster, pounding herself into his body. She had her hands on his shoulders, pushing and pulling her body as hard as she could, feeling her cunt throb and her clit getting rubbed with every stroke. Finally she felt her orgasm building inside her and she began to rock her pelvis against his, grinding her clit against his crotch, feeling his big dick deep inside her pussy filling her up. 

Looking right into Ron's eyes, Jane felt so close to him, so completely connected. Ron was smiling at her, knowing she was about to cum. They had been to this point so many times before that he knew her every move, every response. He urged her on, telling her to go for it. "Come on baby, do it! Don't stop. Make yourself cum and then keep fucking. I know you want it. Cum now! Cum Jane, cum!" he yelled.

Jane felt it starting, felt her orgasm beginning and screamed "Oh, God, I'm cumming, Ron. I'm cumming, baby!" And he was right, she didn't want to stop at just one. She knew there was more and kept on fucking him as hard as she could, rubbing her cunt into him as fast as she could, riding him, out of control with desire and lust and love all combined. Again and again she came, screaming with relief and pleasure each time till one final orgasm racked through her entire body as she felt Ron's cock explode inside her in spasm after spasm as he came.

The next day Ron quietly began making inquiries and plans towards fulfilling Jane's ultimate fantasy. She was right. It was going to be expensive and complicated but like they say in the commercial, she was worth it. There was nothing he would deny her, nothing he wouldn't do for her. So, he searched and found what he was looking for: a place that could fulfill her wildest sexual dreams in perfect detail. He booked all the necessary reservations and told Jane to pack her suitcase.

On her birthday, Ron drove Jane to JFK airport to see her off on her adventure. They had talked it over more than once and she was sure he really wanted her to go through with this. She was sure this wasn't going to harm their relationship. Otherwise she would have cancelled the whole thing and stayed home. 

They didn't make a fuss at the boarding gate. Just a big hug and a big kiss and off she went down the aisle with her carry-on bag and her purse. Off to Switzerland, to the huge new spa there in the Alps called Ecstasy. It was forty-five thousand square feet of luxury and decadence dedicated to pleasure and sensuality. In the winter there was also skiing, but this was summer and the tourists flocked to it to enjoy themselves in the cool mountain air, escaping the heat of the big cities of Europe as global warming had changed their moderate climate significantly in the last decade.

The long flight went quickly because she slept, dreaming of what was to come. When the plane set down in Geneva, she retrieved her luggage and found a taxi to take her to the resort. It was a slow ride, but the scenery was breathtaking and her excitement was building up with every mile.

The receptionist at the front desk of Ecstasy spoke perfect English and gave her a key card for her room. A young man in an impeccable blue uniform carried her suitcase and carry-on for her and showed her the impressive suite before leaving with his tip. Ron had thought of everything in advance and even had filled her wallet with Swiss Francs so she didn't have to exchange any currency when she got there. 

Jane opened the bottle of white wine that was in the ice bucket and poured herself a goblet of golden liquid. The wine had a slightly sweet bouquet and a hint of oak. It was delicious. She sat by the window in a comfortable upholstered chair and sipped it while enjoying the view of the jagged mountains. On the table in front of her was her itinerary for the next two days. There it was. Everything she had asked for. Of course she knew that not everything that was going to happen was spelled out in black and white. This was, after all, a very discreet establishment. They could arrange anything your heart desired, but they weren't exactly going to describe it in detail on their computer printouts. Jane knew, though, that they had agreed to everything Ron had asked for and the thought of it had Jane's cunt dripping, slippery wet. 

For the remainder of the day, she was just going to indulge in simple pleasures. Lunch. Soak in a hot mineral bath. Swim in the big indoor pool. Manicure. Pedicure. Facial. And it was all heavenly. She enjoyed every minute of it. The food was exceptional and the professional staff of beauticians and aestheticians were skilled and personable. She went to sleep that first night feeling pampered and beautiful.

The next morning she ate breakfast on the terrace. Muesli, fruit and yogurt. Herb tea. No caffeine to make her more nervous than she already was. At ten o'clock, her special appointment would begin and she could hardly wait. Anxious for the experience to begin, Jane arrived at the massage room a few minutes early. They were expecting her and a beautiful tall blond woman ushered her into a wood-paneled room. It was spacious and had lovely paintings on the walls and was scented with evergreen. It was the smell of Christmas trees. The room was warm and in the center of it was a large cushioned massage table, covered with a flannel sheet and a small round pillow at one end. The blond woman introduced herself as Annette and told Jane she would be the director of Jane's massage experience. 

"Everything has been provided for, exactly as your instructions were outlined, Jane, so you can just relax and enjoy yourself now. You are in good hands, literally," Annette explained. "You can put your clothes on that chair there and make yourself comfortable on the table. We will be right with you in just a moment," she said, and left Jane alone, closing the door behind her.

Jane folded her clothes as she took them off and laid each item on the chair. She put her shoes under it and noticed how warm even the floor was. Nice. Comforting. The table was high and there was a low step stool to make it easier to climb up onto it. Very comfortable, she lay back with her head on the pillow and closed her eyes. 

A moment later, music began pouring gently into the room from hidden speakers. Soothing melodic music. Perfect. Her senses were already flooded. Heat, scent, comfort, music. She was ready for the rest and didn't have to wait long. She heard the door open and heard footsteps. When she opened her eyes, Annette and four other attractive young women had entered the massage room along with one very good looking man. As the six trained massage therapists each took off their robes to reveal six naked fit appealing bodies, Annette introduced them and asked Jane to roll over onto her stomach. Happy to comply, Jane made herself comfortable and smiled to herself at how lucky she was. Six gorgeous young people were about to give her enormous amounts of pleasure. She could hardly wait to tell Ron all about this but for the moment she was intent on just concentrating on herself and the sensations to come.

Hands. Lots of hands all over her body. With her face down through the hole in the table for her to breather through, she couldn't see who was doing what but she loved what was going on. Someone was rubbing her left foot with deep pressure into her arch. Someone else was rubbing her right foot in the same way, like identical twins. There were hands running up and down her arms, soothing as they rubbed in a delicately scented oil. Another set of hands was on her ass making delicious circles, one hand on each cheek, kneading down into the muscles, relaxing and stimulating at the same time. And her back. That was the best of all. The hands there were bigger than the rest and stronger. It had to be the man. Peter. The fingers were digging into all the tight spots, urging them to surrender. He never lost contact with her back. It was a constant flow of touching from her neck to her hips, up and back, in a never ending rhythm. Once her back started to feel loosened up, she noticed he moved on to her shoulders, first one then the other, caressing, massaging relentlessly until she was devoid of stress and tension there. Then he moved on to her neck and her head, making her start to tingle with a surfeit of sensations building as her awareness moved back to her legs. The women who had been rubbing her feet had moved up to her calves and thighs, stroking upwards with long smooth movements all the way up to her ass. Their fingers were self-assured, not at all shy. At the top of the thigh, there was no hesitation to avoid touching her between her legs. The women touched everything with equal pressure and detail. 

Jane tried to take it all in at once, all six sets of hands. She luxuriated in the feeling of being touched all over at once. It was incredible. So soothing and relaxing and yet so exciting too. Six beautiful people touching her everywhere. It felt wonderful and she knew this was only the beginning. Time was impossible to keep track off. Jane didn't even try to guess how long she lay there on her stomach, being caressed this way. Finally though, she heard Annette's accented English asking her to roll over onto her back. As Jane did so, someone put the pillow back under her neck and immediately twelve hands were on her again. Everywhere. Rubbing, massaging tight muscles, turning her into a mass of warmth and pleasure. Now she knew why this spa was called Ecstasy. That's what this was. Ecstasy. 

Something was different though. The hands at her shoulders were now more delicate and smaller. Women. There was someone else massaging her face with a light feminine touch as well and one set of hands on each of here own plus someone was rubbing her stomach, another woman she thought. The strong hands of Peter were now on her legs, running up and down the length of her. His hands were kneading her thighs deeply. It felt great to be so aware of what was going on and yet to be giving in to it completely at the same time. Gradually the hands at her shoulders moved down too Jane's breasts, making circles around the nipples at first, then gently rubbing them in synchronization, the two women mirroring their movement perfectly, mimicking each other. The woman who had been rubbing her face started to caress Jane's lips with her finger tips, then began to kiss her with her own lips, slowly urging Jane to open her mouth, using her persuasive tongue to explore Jane's, tantalizing her, exciting her while the other women stimulated her nipples so much that Jane couldn't help but moan and groan into the woman's warm wet mouth.

With all this going on, Jane was suddenly aware that Peter's fingers had begun to explore her cunt, rubbing her pussy lips with oil and opening her gradually but thoroughly. His knowing fingers found her clitoris and began to rub it slowly but with just enough pressure to make her start to melt into a daze of sexual excitement. While he was rubbing her clit, another finger suddenly was inside her cunt and she couldn't tell whose that was. Suddenly there was so much stimulation coming form so many places that she couldn't keep track of who was doing what any longer. It was all just an overwhelming flood of sensation, unbelievably exciting. She was getting so turned on she could feel her heart beating faster and faster, feel her breathing getting ragged, having to breathe through her nose as she kissed the woman at her face harder and harder. The pressure and movement on her clit was getting faster and more intense and the women playing with her nipples were now sucking on them intently, vigorously flicking them with their tongues. 

Jane's hips were grinding into Peter's fingers and her tongue was wrapped around another tongue when she felt her first orgasm hit her. Her mind was a swirl of sensation. Her body convulsed in a surge of pleasure as her cunt contracted, cuming for what seemed like minutes. Nobody stopped. Everyone kept touching her everywhere. Hands were running up and down her arms. Hands were cupping each breast while mouths still sucked on her sensitive nipples, making her ache to cum again. 

Meanwhile, Jane felt someone get up onto the table with her. She opened her eyes. It was Peter. He was on his knees between her legs and he was eating her pussy. His tongue was caressing and massaging her cunt and clit the same way her had rubbed her back and shoulder. Deeply without stopping. A never-ending flow of delicious, exciting sensations flooding her pussy. At the same time, other hands had moved to her feet and legs again, keeping up the monumental assault on her senses. It was too much. On the brink of another orgasm she tore her mouth away from the woman who was kissing her and screamed her lungs out. No words, just a gut wrenching release of noise as she came and came and came.

Before she even had a chance to catch her breath, Peter plunged his long stiff cock into her dripping wet cunt and began to fuck her hard and deep. He had his hands under her ass now, pulling her towards him as he plowed himself into her over and over. Jane closed her eyes and just allowed herself to feel. Just savored the moment of such a rush of feelings. Her cunt, her tits, her hands and arms, her feet and legs, her lips, everything was being attended to at the same time and it was fantastic. It was even better than she had imagined it would be. She felt alive and on fire everywhere. Suddenly, without even thinking about it, she began to cum again, this time from the very center of her body, from her core. Everything shuddered at once and she went from a state of tension and excitement to a place of complete relaxation all at once. 

Jane sighed with a deep sense of satisfaction. She felt Peter getting off the table but sensed that his hands were still on her, moving up towards her face. She opened her eyes again just in time to see him bend down to kiss her lightly on the lips and say "Au Revoir." Each of the six did the same in turn. Lightly each one touched her from her feet to her face, then kissed her goodbye with a smile. Annette was the last to go and told Jane to sleep for a while if she wished before she left. Before the door even shut behind her Jane was fast asleep. 

When she woke up, Jane noticed that the music was no longer playing. All that remained of her fantasy was the scent of the oil and the pine wood of the walls. As she dressed to return to her room and prepare to go home to Ron, she knew how much fun it was going to be to tell him all about her experience. She knew it would turn him on to hear all about it and she would enjoy reliving it in the telling.