 I've been going to Vermont for years, usually staying at a private ski club lodge, the kind where membership dues pay for the lodge. It's really just an old home that's been renovated to function as a lodge, big kitchen, men's and women's dorms, and a few private bedrooms. There's also a big eating area and a nice living room. I usually go in the summer when there aren't many people around. In fact, I usually have the place to myself. But you never know who might show up.

I was heading back to the lodge late one unexpectedly hot afternoon looking forward to relaxing on the large sectional sofa in the living room, having a beer or two, playing some good music, and I was fairly certain there was a nap in my immediate future. It was 90 degrees, too hot for Vermont in the spring, especially since not many places have air conditioning. Luckily the lodge did have air conditioning and I couldn't wait to get there.

As I pulled into the parking lot I noticed two cars that weren't there when I left that morning. They both had bicycles on racks, and New York license plates. I always liked meeting people at the lodge, especially if they were of about the same age and had some of the same interests. As I entered the lodge and went to the refrigerator for a beer I heard voices in the living room, and went in to introduce myself.

I couldn't believe my eyes. I was stunned, shocked. I did a double-take and still didn't quite comprehend what I was looking at. I can only imagine the look on my face.

Sitting there at one end of the sectional sofa was a very attractive redhead, and two guys, one sitting on each side of her. She was wearing shorts, and had been wearing a red halter top of some kind, but it was now pulled down around her waist. Her arms were around the guys' necks and shoulders, and she was kissing one of them, while the other was kissing her neck and playing with her tits.

After regaining my senses and composure, I began to apologize and excuse myself for interrupting, and started to walk out of the living room, when the woman said, "You don't have to leave you know." 

I hesitated. A threesome has always been my biggest fantasy, but I didn't know if I was being invited to participate or just to watch. And three guys instead of two, and not knowing anybody made me even less certain. The confusion must have shown, because she said, "Why don't you have a set on the couch" and pointed to the other end of the sectional. 

Still unsure I looked at the guys and they nodded their approval. So I went over and sat down at the other end of the couch, no more than ten feet away from them, and took a long drink of beer. I couldn't believe it was happening.

They went back to where they were, the redhead kissing one of the guys, while the other took one of her nipples in his mouth and rolled the other in his fingers. She had nice breasts, just the right size, full, firm, and they sat so nice on her body. The guy spent a long time sucking her nipple, and she obviously loved every second of it. 

"The other one is yours" she said to the other guy, as she moved his head to her other breast, where he started playing with her nipple, rubbing it hard in his fingers, blowing on it, and taking the entire breast in her mouth. 

With both guys paying such close attention to her breasts she threw her head back on the sofa in obvious pleasure. The look on her face made it clear; she was enjoying one of her favorite things. As they continued sucking, pinching and playing with her breasts she began to squirm a bit and the sounds she started making were fantastic. Her sighs, gasps and moans were unbelievable, and I started getting hard.

After a few minutes of this, the blonde guy on her left slowly moved his hand down her stomach, over the rolled up halter top, and started rubbing her over her shorts. She almost jumped at his first touch, and gulped for air. Her hips began to move up and down in response to his touch. Never leaving her nipple, he continued to grind on her pussy through her shorts.

With that, she took her hands off their shoulders and worked them down along her side between the guys, rubbing one of their cocks with each hand through their shorts. If they weren't hard already they certainly were now. After lightly rubbing for a minute, she grabbed each cock and stroked it. It must have felt like heaven because each guy had to take an extra breath and a brief pause from her tits.

Nobody said anything. I got the definite feeling they had done this before many times and knew what each other liked.

For the first time since it started, she looked over at me and smiled, then looked down toward my cock. I was so immersed in what was happening that I didn't even realize I was rubbing myself through my shorts. She looked up at me again, gave me another smile, and winked.

The blonde guy said, "You're really getting wet," unbuttoned her shorts, and then took care of her zipper.

She bit her lip a little, looked at each of them and said to both, "I guess for the same reason you're both getting so hard." At that she grabbed both cocks tightly, causing an immediate reaction in both guys.

"Stand up Sean" she said to the blonde guy, then looked over and said, "You too" to the other. 

She stood up with them, never letting go of their cocks. 

She turned and said, "Time for these to go Bill" as she slowly unbuttoned his shorts and pulled down the zipper. 

She grabbed the legs of his shorts and started pulling them down to his knees. He wriggled and they fell to his ankles. She grabbed his cock again through his underwear, and then slid her fingers under the fabric, pulled them over his growing cock, and down they went the same way.

She stood back a few inches to take a good look at Bill's cock. She held it in her hands to get a good look, gently stroking it with both hands. It was about 7" long, about average thickness, with a nice big head. He moved forward and kissed her.

Bill said, "I want to fuck you so bad Sandy."

"I know it's been a long time" was her reply.

Sean was behind her with both tits cupped in his hands, pulling her toward him. She took one hand from Bill's cock and reached behind her for Sean's, rubbing it again through his shorts. She broke off her kiss and turned toward Sean.

"Your turn" she smiled and said.

Sean's shorts came off in a hurry. Sandy smiled when she realized he wasn't wearing underwear and his cock sprang up to meet her.

"Hmm, nice to see you again too" she said, looking at his cock.

Sean's cock was longer by maybe an inch or two, but a little thinner. She took a moment to reacquaint herself with his cock. It was obvious that Sandy and these guys, and their cocks, were old friends.

She kissed Sean while holding his cock in one hand, and reached back for Bill's. Bill had begun to remove her shorts but stopped for a second at her touch. He stepped away and pulled her shorts down to the floor. She stepped out of them, leaving a white, lacy g-string. 

"Sit down" she said to both as she took a step from the couch. 

They did as they were told, and she began to dance slowly in front of them, first facing them, then with her ass toward them. At first she was too far away, but soon got close enough for them to touch. First one, then the other rubbed her pussy through the lace. 

She moved over to Bill with her ass facing him, stood up straight and cupped her breasts, smiling as she looked me straight in the eye. She played with her breasts for a minute looking at me the whole time. Bill slid a finger under the fabric and into her pussy, and she closed her eyes for a second. I could see Sean stroking his cock and enjoying the show, and it reminded me that I was doing the same through my shorts. Sandy smiled, bent over and slowly removed her g-string, revealing a beautiful pussy with full lips and a small patch of red hair just above. Two of Bill's fingers immediately found their way into her pussy and she gasped.

"What about you?" she said, and I realized she was talking to me.

"It's not really fair that you have all your clothes on and we don't, is it?"

Still a bit unsure, I said, "No it isn't" and stood up and removed my shorts.

I was about to sit back down and she said, "Everything."

So I took off my t-shirt, then my underwear. I had never been naked in front of three people before except for the gym, and certainly never hard in front of three people before. And I was definitely harder than I had ever been before. I sat down. She looked at my cock at full attention. 

"Thanks" she said still smiling.

I noticed then that she had beautiful blue eyes that were really playful, almost dancing when she smiled. 

I couldn't believe I was sitting there, watching a threesome take place, and sort of participating. I always thought watching other people would be a turn-on, but it was even better than I anticipated. 

She sat down between them again and took a cock in each hand. She looked at both of them, and then lowered her head to Sean's cock. She played with the head for a minute then ran her tongue up and down the shaft. Bill was playing with her clit, and she began to breathe a little faster. Just as Bill plunged two fingers into her pussy she took all of Sean's cock in her mouth. I think all four of us moaned.

Bill pumped her pussy as she sucked Sean's cock, taking it all in her throat, going up and down on him about a dozen times. She stopped and looked at Sean with a look of intent, then turned, gave that same look to Bill, and went down on his cock. There was no playing this time. She took all of him immediately. It must have surprised Bill because his whole body stiffened.

The sound of her sucking his cock was amazing. She loved it and moaned at times. There was a popping sound when his cock popped loose from her sucking. She chuckled when something she did had the desired effect. I stroked my cock slower so I wouldn't cum right then and there.

Sean got up, moved Sandy's leg up onto the couch and knelt on the floor in front of her. She shivered at his first touch of her pussy, moaned on Bill's cock as Sean slid a couple of fingers inside her, then jumped as his tongue found her clit.

I really had to concentrate to keep from cumming at that point. It was the most amazing sight, better than I could have ever hoped it would be, and even better than my imagination, which is pretty good to begin with. I'll never forget the sight and sounds at that exact moment.

This went on for about five minutes. They were definitely taking their time and in no hurry to go anywhere. I had stopped stroking my cock for a while to keep from cumming, but started again as the pace quickened a bit. Sean moved faster now as Sandy got louder and started to move faster. She was moaning loudly on Bill's cock. Sean slid another finger inside her and took her clit in his teeth, sending her to an amazing orgasm. She shook for what seemed like a long time before settling down, all the while sucking Bill's cock. Amazing.

Sandy stopped sucking Bill's cock to lick up a bit of his pre-cum, then moved up and kissed him deeply. I love that taste, of a woman after she's been sucking my cock, and was envious. She reached down to his cock, collected more on two fingers, then slid them into his mouth. Then she put those two fingers in her pussy, pulled them out and slid them into his mouth again. He moaned at the taste of his pre-cum mixed with her cum. I wanted some too!

She stopped and looked at Bill, "Hungry?"

She didn't wait for his answer. She kissed Sean deeply with a look of thanks, then moved him back on the couch and moved up on the couch between his legs, leaving room for Bill between hers. Bill went down on her as she sucked on Sean's cock. 

She looked over at me as she took a breath and caught me watching Bill eating her pussy. She moved a little so I could get a better look.

"Better?"

"Perfect!" was all I could say.

It was obvious she liked being watched as much as I liked watching.

It only took a few minutes before she started bucking again, and Bill had made her cum for the second time in 5 minutes. Sean was lying back with a ridiculous smile on his face; eyes closed as she sucked on his cock, but opened them to watch her cum. It was quite a sight.

Bill slid two fingers into her pussy, then slid them up the side of his cock, then reached toward Sandy who eagerly took them in her mouth and sucked for all she was worth. She moaned on his fingers as he stroked his cock with the other hand.

Sandy reached down to Bill's rock hard cock and stroked it a few times. Then taking a quick break from Sean, she reached to the coffee table and picked up one of a bunch of condoms. Bill knelt on the sofa as she opened the wrapper and slid the condom on Bill's cock.

As she turned back toward Sean, she looked at me, "Why don't you move closer to get a better look."

At that point any reservations I had were long gone and I moved to within just a couple of feet of them. She could easily have reached over and touched my cock I was that close.

"I want a closer look at your cock, too" she added, "I like watching you play with yourself"

Then, as she went back to work on Sean's now very red and very hard cock, Bill rubbed the large head of his cock against her pussy for a minute, then slowly slid inside her, greeted by two long, deep moans, one his, one hers. 

I had never seen other people fucking before in person, and it was a beautiful sight. Seeing her tighten around his cock, seeing him grab her waist as he thrust into her, the sound of her wet pussy, again it was even better than I had imagined. Then to look over and see her sucking on Sean's cock, twirling its head with her tongue, playing with his balls, taking all of him in her mouth. I looked down at my cock, and it was harder and bigger than ever before. Sandy looked over at me a few times, watching me stroke my cock.

Bill's pumping got faster and faster it was obvious that he was about to cum.

"Fuck me!" Sandy insisted. "Fuck me harder!"

She was now stroking Sean as she looked at Bill's cock moving very quickly in and out of her pussy. Bill groaned as his body stiffened and shook, then released. As he pulled out of her Sandy grabbed his cock, sliding the condom off his cock as it withdrew. As he sat down, she took the cum from his cock and tasted it. Then she rubbed her pussy and sucked her fingers. Bill was spent but obviously liked what he saw. She bent over and kissed him to let him taste his cum and hers together.

"Don't go anywhere. I'm not done with you yet" she said as she pulled away.

She looked at Sean, "Sit here on the couch so I can ride your cock"

Sandy moved over in front of him and put one foot up on the couch, slid a condom on his cock as he slid a finger in her now dripping pussy, then she started to lower herself on Sean's cock. But she stopped, looked at me, smiled, turned around so her back was toward Sean, backed up to him, reached back and took his cock in her hand, and slowly glided it into her as she lowered herself onto it. I could feel the pre-cum on my cock as I watched her slide up and down on Sean's cock only 2 feet from me.

"How does it look?" 

"Terrific. I'm jealous" I said, for a second not believing I had.

Sean's cock was longer than Bill's and it looked great disappearing in her pussy. Sandy was beautiful, arched back with her hands on his thighs, her firm tits bouncing as she bounced on his cock, blue eyes, red hair, terrific body. Sean and Bill were a couple of very lucky guys.

After fucking Bill for 10 minutes it seemed Sandy was about to cum, but apparently she had done too good a job on Sean's cock and he came in just a couple of minutes, unable to wait. She sat on his lap with his cock still inside her for a minute, then pulled it out and took off the condom. It spilled most of his cum out, and she wasted no time cleaning it up, swallowing half of it herself and feeding him the rest.

She looked over at Bill who had enjoyed the show as much as I had and was playing with his cock, but it wasn't even close to getting hard again. Then she looked at me, and I realized I had the only hard cock in the room, and she wanted to cum.

She smiled, got up and started toward me. My heart started to race.

Without saying a word, she looked me straight in the eye as she came to me, knelt beside me and kissed me hard. As our tongues met and I tasted what had just happened I felt her hand wrap around my cock. I thought I was only going to be a spectator, not a participant, though I certainly wanted to be. It took a second to get over the shock and surprise.

I put my right arm around her back and moved it down to her ass while my left reached out and caressed one, and then the other breast. She was stroking my cock, stopping now and then to play with the head and my balls. She was a terrific kisser too.

She stopped and looked at me. Her eyes were even more beautiful up close, "Would you like me to suck your cock like it's never been sucked before"

I knew she could, and obviously I wanted her to, but I wanted more. I wanted to taste her pussy, and I knew she wanted to cum. "Sure, if I can eat your pussy first"

That brought the biggest smile yet to her face. She kissed, then pushed me back against the back of the sofa as she stood on the seat, straddled me, then placed her right foot next to my head on the back of the sofa. I reached up as her pussy was inches from my face and played with her lips, then slid a finger inside her. She smelled so good. I could smell her cum, and the guys' cum. I slid a second, then a third finger inside her. Her pussy was beautiful with nice full lips that were quite swollen now, and that strip of hair above her clit. I reached my other hand behind her and cupped her ass, and pulled her to me. I wanted to taste her pussy and couldn't wait any longer.

I wasn't disappointed. She tasted so sweet. I removed my fingers and reached up so she could taste them. She sucked my fingers so hard. I wondered how hard she'd suck my cock. I reached down to my cock and got some precum on my fingers, and offered them to her again. She sucked my fingers longer this time.

I was sliding my tongue inside her while I gave her another taste of my precum. She was moving steadily now against my tongue, grinding, trying to make it go as deep into her as possible. I pulled her closer to me, tighter to my face to get deeper.

As I did I slid my hand along her ass, and she seemed to like it. I moved my hand across her hole again while pulling her closer to verify the reaction. She definitely seemed to like it. I placed a finger at the entrance to her hole and pressed lightly. She pressed against it. My finger was wet already so I knew it was ready for her.

Her clit was really swollen now, and I took it in my mouth. She responded my grinding into my mouth. I held it between my lips and flicked it with my tongue.

"Oh yes, suck it"

I started moving my tongue faster as she started to wriggle.

"Don't stop! Suck my pussy!" She moaned.

She moved faster, and just as she got really close I slid my finger inside her ass and moved it in and out quickly. It was as if a gun went off.

"Aaaaahhhhhhhh!" was all she could say as she came all over my face. I'll never forget the taste.

Sandy sat on my lap for a minute to collect herself and it was then I looked over and saw Sean and Bill stroking their cocks. I completely forgot they were there, watching. They nodded approval. Sandy and I kissed for a minute or two as I played with her nipples. She leaned back a little as I sucked one nipple while twirling the other in my fingers. She definitely loved it. As she leaned back she grabbed my cock and stroked it.

After a couple of minutes she leaned into me and kissed me.
