 Some time ago I was in Spain on my own and had a bit of freedom to play around. The local English language newspaper has a couple of pages of what they call "Adult Relaxation" and I saw this.

Quote 

English couple active fifties. Relaxed fun for that unfulfilled fantasy. Singles or couples welcome. Lovely private apartment near Calahonda. Telephone (Mobile number)

Unquote 

When I phoned about the advert the guy answered. I discovered later that his name was Peter. He wanted to know about me, how old I was, what I looked like, whether I was cut or uncut and so on. Then he asked what I would like to do. I explained that I would like to watch him and his wife having sex and then perhaps lick her pussy afterwards. He asked if I wanted to fuck her too and I said that I would like that too, if she was willing. He said that they would decide about that when I arrived. He didn't think that me watching them would be a problem, in fact they would enjoy having an audience. He said that either his wife, or himself would be prepared to play with my cock and even suck me if I wanted that. I said that I did.

I eventually found their place. All the places in and around that area are very confusing. You have to get off the main road at just the right turn off and then it is a bit of a maze. They buzzed me in and I went up the stairs. Peter met me at the door and did a double take when he saw that I was wearing a kilt. 

"Wait till you see this!" he called to his wife, whose name was Brenda.

The apartment was quite spacious and I was shown into the main room. Brenda said, "Ooooh, this could be interesting," when she saw my kilt. I took a soft drink since I had to drive home but they already had drinks in their hands. I got the impression that they had been drinking well before I got there. 

Brenda asked me to sit opposite her. I wonder why? She was quite a small woman, looking well into her fifties and a bit wrinkled with the sun but with twinkling eyes and a lively manner. She was wearing a longish skirt covering her knees. Peter was also a bit wrinkled but he too had a lively manner. He was about the same height as me but a bit heavier. 

Brenda told me how she loved seeing men in their kilts. She had heard that no underpants were worn with a kilt and wondered if that was really true. I told her that some men wore pants but the traditional kilt was worn without them. She asked if my kilt was one of the traditional ones. I told her that she would have to find that out for herself!

She asked me to come over and stand beside her which I did. She put her hand up the front of my kilt and I could feel it running up my thighs. Her hand was warm and it felt exciting. I could feel my penis beginning to fill. Then she touched it, feeling both cock and balls. I had shaved just before I went out so it was all nice and smooth.

"You are traditional and it's quite big," she remarked. Then she lifted the front of my kilt right up to expose me fully. "See this, Peter!" she said. 

I looked across to see how Peter was reacting and he was already rubbing his crotch through his track suit bottoms! Peter asked if I still wanted to watch him and Brenda making love and I said yes. 

We were still in the main room. Peter undressed first. He was only wearing a track suit top and bottoms and no briefs or pants under it. I could see that his cock and balls weren't that big but he was already partially erect. He then started to undress Brenda, taking off her top then her bra. Her breast weren't that big but still reasonably firm. I was amused to watch Peter's cut cock swinging and bouncing as he moved around her. Brenda made a playful grab for Peter's cock and I could see it stiffen some more. I asked if I should start to undress too but was told that they both preferred me to stay in my kilt. Then Peter undid the zip on her skirt and then the waist clasp so that her skirt fell down and she stepped out of it. She was wearing only a little pair of silky pink pants, boy shorts style. She was still wearing her heels. She had quite a good figure. Just wearing the pants and the heels was a very sexy sight!I was becoming well aroused by now with kilt and sporran sticking out at the front. She laughed when she saw it and had a little feel of me through the tartan. I wished that she would have another feel under my kilt.

Then we moved to the bedroom, quite spacious, with a big bed, probably super king size and a couple of chairs beside it. I was invited to sit in one of the chairs. They took the bed. 

Peter took down Brenda's pants to reveal her shaven pubis. I could see the rather full lips of her vagina quite clearly. Lovely! Then she lay on her back on the bed. Peter knelt beside her and started rubbing and sucking her nipples then moved down to her clit. I could watch it all quite clearly. Brenda was holding and rubbing Peter's cock which was fully erect by this time and sticking straight out in front of him. Then he moved on top of her and I could see her hand directing his cock into her vagina. Then, since he was on top, I couldn't see very much. Although it was exciting to watch I began to feel a bit like a spare prick at a wedding. Sensing this, Brenda reached out her hand and invited me to come and stand beside the bed next to her. Then she put her hand up my kilt, held my erection, and started to rub it gently. That was nice. She asked me to lift my kilt so that she could see it as well as feel it.  

Meanwhile Peter was pounding away. All I could really see from where I was standing was his bum moving up and down. He took a break and pulled out. As he withdrew I could see that his cock, still fully hard, was all wet and shiny with her juices and probably some of his precum..

I was asked if I wanted to rub and suck Brenda for a bit. Of course I did. I had taken off my shoes so I climbed on the bed and started rubbing Brenda's clitoris. It was a very pronounced by this time. She was obviously well aroused. When I bent down to suck her the juices tasted sweet, rather than fishy like they sometimes are. She liked the tonguing and sucking. Looking up, I could see that Peter was enjoying it too and rubbing himself.

I didn't feel that I should try to enter Brenda just then so I got off and went to rub Peter. His cock was really rigid. Then he climbed back on the bed. It didn't take very long before he started panting then cried out that he was cumming! He rested for a bit then he pulled off. As he withdrew, I could see that his cock was almost limp but really wet. I could see the semen, some of it still covering his cock and some more leaking out of the tip and dripping on to the bed.

I knelt in front of him and started licking and sucking his cock. I could taste the distinctive flavour of recent semen. I think that he was surprised but I am sure that he got stiffer after the sucking!

Then I went down to lick and suck Brenda. There was a lot of wetness leaking out of her too. I don't know where Peter had kept it all? I sucked and licked Brenda's pussy. The taste of the mingled male and female juices are something else! And the fact that you are licking it warm from a soft fleshy receptacle that has just been serviced really adds to the excitement. 

Brenda said that she wasn't fully satisfied and she wanted my cock inside her. But she didn't want me to take her in the missionary position like Peter had done since my penis was quite a lot bigger than his. She wanted to be the one on top so that she could control the penetration. Strange how many women seem to prefer doing it that way with me, at least for the first time! I didn't mind. In fact, I liked it fine, even preferred it. I made to unbuckle my kilt. The sporran had already been shed some time ago. But Brenda stopped me. She wanted to 'ride' me while still in kilt. And she wanted to do it on the floor. Fortunately it was carpeted.

I lay down on my back while Brenda pulled up the kilt aprons over my chest. Then she got herself in position astride me. As she bent over, breasts swinging I started to rub her nipples. But what she really wanted was cock, and with one hand underneath her she lifted my stiff penis up so that it was fully vertical and directed it into her vagina as she lowered herself down on me. In spite of all the lubrication she had inside her my cock didn't go in that easily. Finally she got the correct angle and lowered herself, gingerly, then some more, until she was right down on me, pubic bone to pubic bone. From the feelings at the end of my penis I wondered if I had bottomed inside her. Then she started posting up and down, very slowly and it felt great. I could feel the juices coming out of her and running over my pubis as she rode up and down on me. Very sexy knowing that quite a a lot of it had belonged to Peter. I tickled her clit and she loved it. 

Peter was watching from the side. I was surprised to see that his penis had stiffened again and he had got himself another hardon, not as firm as before but he was definitely aroused and he was rubbing himself. He obviously liked the sight of his wife being rogered by another man.

I came quite soon after that adding my semen to that of Peter inside Brenda. I was surprised that they hadn't asked me to wear a condom and I suppose that I was taking a chance on them as they were taking a chance on me. A bit rash. I hope that there will be no ill effects.

A lovely time was had by all and I can call them for a repeat some time when I am out on my own again.