 My limousine pulled up outside the gated, Spanish colonial mansion in the Hollywood Hills just after 8 pm. I was a little early, but that was fine with me.

"Alicia, hold on a minute," I said.

"Take your time," responded the young black woman in the chauffeur's cap.

I checked myself out in the mirror admiringly. If there was another like-minded, disinhibited woman dressed like this at Club Orquieda, I'd be in luck tonight.

I reapplied my red lipstick and added some eyeliner for a heavy, sensual look. I relished the thought of how shocked everyone back home would be if they knew how I'd spent my day here in Los Angeles...and how I planned to indulge myself until the wee hours here in the California swingers scene.

For the second straight year, I'd been invited by German fetish photographer Ute Freiberg to participate in a shoot for her annual coffee table book published by Taschen, "Latex and Leather: A Celebration." I'd picked up a copy at a San Francisco sex toy shop called Babes in Toyland back in 2007, and eventually Googled Ute. We exchanged explicit photos and she eventually invited me to come to Los Angeles.

She told me that what convinced her was a shot I did with a friend in a local chapel I rented out. In the photo, I crouched, nude except for a black leather mask, red elbow-length gloves, and a realistic strap-on cock between my thighs, over a bound and gagged Hispanic woman in her early 40's. I was meticulously dripping hot wax from a church candle on her rope-entwined tits as she moaned and writhed in bondage. In the background, you could see a crucifix on the wall and the blurred figure of a nun with her habit pulled up high and one hand frigging.

Today, I'd been supposed to dominate Ute's cousin Anja in an outdoor forest shoot about two hours outside the city. I'd worked with Anja the year before -- young, blonde, cute gap between her teeth, very submissive and svelte. The plan had been for her to kneel amid the tall ferns and for me to whip her with a flogger while wearing silver-framed sunglasses and a wide-brimmed hat. Then Ute would photograph me leaning back against an giant redwood, legs in a wide V, as Anja submissively ate me out. I was especially excited to hear that the area we were shooting in attracted a lot of hikers, so there was a good chance I'd be seen showing off and receiving worship.

But Anja's flight out of Frankfurt had been canceled due to a wildcat strike. So instead, Ute took me shopping for fetish clothing at the sleazy boutiques on Hollywood Boulevard, and we took some stills for another section of the book at a recording studio owned by a friend of hers.

Gazing in the limo mirror, I adjusted my top to emphasize my cleavage. I was still wearing the full latex dress I'd donned nearly eight hours ago. The feeling of the black rubber on my skin was just indescribably good. My nipples had been so hard when I first put it on at the studio, and reclined across the top of the Steinway grand piano, lifting up my leg to let Ute photograph my hairy cunt in full, explicit detail. We did some very graphic insertion shots too: I particularly enjoyed one where I pulled the latex panties aside and inserted a full bottle of Chardonnay up my slit as deep as it would go, my mouth grimacing with pleasure beneath the masquerade half-mask I wore.

The only frustrating part was that Ute had instructed me not to come during the shoot. I'd been dying for an orgasm since I was profoundly aroused the whole time. We even went out for dinner afterwards at a small Italian restaurant off Hollywood Boulevard, and I wore the same dress. It was exciting to see the men -- and many of the women -- checking me out with lustful eyes, and to get dirty looks from conservative wives who could easily sense, as they passed by our table, just how aroused my cunt was.

Ute had to work late and do a conference call with her German layout designers.

"But Frederika, I have now a membership for a swingers club not too far from here," she added. "Give them my name. It is all taken care of. Perhaps you will find what you need?" She kissed me on the lips and hustled off down the street. Moments later the limo arrived.

And now I was here. I tipped my cute young driver with a crisp $20 bill (Ute always paid me cash, new notes) and got out of the limo to press the buzzer at the gates.

I felt confident, powerful, and seductive as I strode up the stone steps and knocked on the thick oak door. "Ute," I told the doorman, and he stepped back to let me pass.

Gripping my handbag, I strode into the intimately main room with a circular bar beneath a crystal chandelier. There were people here, but no action yet. I sat down at the bar on a stool, ordered a glass of water, and purposefully positioned myself with my legs in a wide V.

Everyone was welcome to look up my skirt and see what Mama had to offer. But I wasn't here to service flakes, fuck-ups, or losers. I was here to get my needs met. To get off hard with another woman, or maybe in a group if the opportunity arose.

But it wasn't looking good early on. Two middle-aged guys in suits made separate timid approaches toward where I was sitting, but I shook my head and waved them off without making eye contact.

I scanned the room. There were two tall blonde women sitting on a chaise together, but they appeared to be glued to their husbands. What was I going to do.

I felt a hand tap me on the shoulder. I turned my head.

"Hi, I'm Aaron and I was just wondering -- "

"Sweetheart, if you want to talk to me, it'll cost you."

"But I only -- "

"Double vodka on the rocks. You want to talk or not?"

Aaron, who appeared to be in his early 20's, tall and well-built, acquiesced and got me the cocktail.

I sipped it. "Honey, I came here tonight to fuck other women. That's my number one priority. Capische?"

"Actually, I came over here on my wife's behalf," Aaron said. "She's a little shy."

He pointed across the room and waved to a 30-something, dark-haired, curvy woman with a blue silk skirt, a leopard-print handbag and a shy smile. She waved back.

"Why don't you bring her over here?"

She sidled up shyly moments later. "Hi, I'm Ariella. We're in town for my fashion design conference."

I leaned in and kissed her on the mouth. "Hi, Ariella. I'm Frederika, and when I'm in Los Angeles, I'm a professional fetish model. Do you like my dress as much as I like yours?"

Ariella blushed deeply. She had a little mole next to her left ear that added to her cuteness. "I do, actually. You're very provocative, Frederika."

"So what can I do for you?" From my previous experience at the clubs, I'd learned not to fuck around. I enjoyed being the aggressor with men, women, couples, and groups.

Ariella took a deep breath, and blushed even more deeply. The words weren't coming out.

Aaron put his hand on her shoulder. "Honey? Are you OK?"

I could feel interest growing around the room as people craned to watch our conversation. I smiled and put my arm around Ariella's waist. "Come here, Ariella. Tell me your fantasy. You can whisper it in my ear."

My cunt clenched with excitement as Ariella told me what she wanted in a hushed voice. I felt incredibly heated up. My pussy had been soaked all day and now I wanted to grind my pussy hard into the leather stool I was sitting. Or take something right up my cunt.

I stroked Ariella's hair as she poured out her secret to me, talking to her all the while.

"Yeah, baby, is that what you want? That must turn you on so fucking bad. You know I'll be on top, right? Are you ashamed of what you want? Then you need to play with me, Ariella. You need to let Frederika fuck you good. Because I've got no shame. I'm one of the nastiest girls you'll ever meet. Do you know what I did before I flew down here? I went to a church, right before Holy Mass, and sat in a pew at the back. Then I slipped a vibrator out of my bag, put it under my skirt, and pushed it into my cunt. I fucked myself and I put the vibe right on my clitty until I had a good, fuckin' hard orgasm, right there in church with all those people around. So I'm going to give you your nasty little slut fantasy -- for my own pleasure."

My hand caressed Ariella's tits through her silk dress. I glanced off-handedly at Aaron.

"Outside. On the lawn," I said.

Minutes later, I was down on my hands and knees on the lawn, getting fucked hard from behind by Aaron while Ariella lay on the grass underneath me and lapped eagerly at my soaked cunt. They were both naked, while I'd simply rolled down my latex dress and yanked off my latex thong.

Ariella's tongue felt so good on my clit -- I'd been dying to flick my bead all day. I was even more excited by the fact that she'd said she was straight and had never eaten a bi woman's cunt before. I let out a loud animalistic cry of enjoyment. A group of swingers was standing around us, watching and encouraging us on. I could see a black couple off to the side, with the wife sucking off her husband on a chaise and watching me out of the corner of her eye.

"Oh yeah, fuck her!" someone yelled.

"Eat that pussy!"

"Eat that motherfuckin' pussy!" It was one of the tall blondes. She'd stripped down to a red baby doll. I nodded for her to come over and join in, and her tropical-scented perfume aroused me further as she kissed me on the mouth and then started to fondle and squeeze my exposed tits.

"Ah, fuck!" I screamed. "Fuck me and suck me! Fuck me and suck me!"

"How does she feel, baby?" Ariella quavered to Aaron. "Is she a better fuck than me!"

"Oh God, yeah," Aaron moaned. I was turned on by the age difference between the two of them and I could feel his young dick get harder inside me when she asked her question.

"You want to shoot a fuckin' load inside me, Aaron?" I demanded in a rough voice. "You want to show your little wifey how good it feels to fuck a real woman's cunt? Blow your load! Let it fuckin' go. I want Ariella to eat your come right out of my cunt."

His hard dick banged hard against my G-spot. I felt a surprising gush of liquid and it wasn't Aaron's cock -- it was me squirting, coating Ariella's face with my juices. I screamed out and I could hear Ariella slurping them up. The tall blonde was squeezing my nipples, pinching them the way I like. I loved hearing the cheers from the group.

Moments later, Aaron grunted loudly and shot an enormous load inside me. "Oh fuck yeah!" he gasped. "Fuck!" I couldn't even speak. As he pulled out of me, I groaned hard and then jammed my ass down over Ariella's face, forcing her to suck the cum straight out of my motherfuckin' slit.

"Ah, shit yeah, put your tongue up me," I rasped. I wasn't done with her yet. I forced my fingers inside myself and brought them out dripping with cream and cunt juice. I smeared it all over my body, savoring the applause. I realized there was a balcony on the neighboring house and now I could see two girls up there, silhouetted, watching my raunchy performance.

I moved off Ariella's face and then inserted my fingers into myself again. Dripping. Hot. So nasty. I pushed two fingers into my ass...and then said: "Get behind me, Ariella."

She pushed her dark hair back from her face and then began to lick and tonguefuck my asshole obediently. It felt so good to get anal worship from another woman at a swingers club with dozens of people watching.

"Straight up my asshole, baby," I told her. I could see people standing around masturbating, including Aaron, who was already rock hard again watching his wife tonguefuck my ass. "You into that nasty stuff, Ariella? You like to fuckin' lick out my asshole? You should, you little cunt."

Ariella continued until I was satisfied. Then I told her she could come lie on a chaise by the pool with me, and we stroked each other's trembling bodies until it was time for my limo to arrive. I wish I had time to tell you about what my driver Alicia proposed to me when I climbed back in, but that'll have to wait for another time.