 Before she pulled away, she kissed me again and as she did, reached her hand to her pussy and brought her juices to my mouth. I sucked on her fingers like she sucked mine earlier, taking it all in.

She asked, "Do you like watching me fuck and suck Sean and Bill?"

"It's a beautiful thing." 

She looked over at them, hard cocks in hand, then back at me, "Seems they liked watching us too." 

She thought for a second, then, "You should stay, I'm not done with you yet."

I looked at her, speechless, not believing what I just heard. I thought my participation was over, and I was completely happy. The thought of more was almost too much to comprehend. She must have seen the surprise on my face and grinned; very happy she was having the desired effect on me.

She leaned over and whispered, "When I'm done fucking them, I'm going to fuck you!"

With that she smiled, got up, and turned and walked over to the guys. Still in a daze I watched her body move beautifully and gracefully across the floor. They stood up to welcome her back, obviously turned on, and she walked in between them. 

They were about to sit when she said, "No!", turned around and knelt on the floor between them, and looked at me. She grabbed both of their cocks and stroked them, gave me a big smile, then took Bill's cock in her mouth, still looking straight at me.

I couldn't help stroking my cock, and it was already starting to respond. Sandy looked at my growing cock, smiled, then closed her eyes and went to work on Bill's cock.

Part 2

Bill was already hard after watching Sandy suck my cock for the last 10 minutes. Sandy licked up and down the underside of his cock for a couple of minutes, playing with his head with her hand, while still jerking off Sean with her other hand. I guess that wasn't enough for Bill, and he put his hand behind her head, pulling her closer. Sandy got the idea and took his whole cock deep in her throat, and wriggled her head at the base of his cock. Then she sucked up and down on him furiously for about 30 seconds, getting Bill really worked up.

Then she quickly turned toward Sean, squeezed her lips tightly against the head of his cock, and slowly and tightly took him in her mouth. It must have taken a full minute to get to the bottom. Sean was 8" or 9" long, so it was a sight to see. After having my cock in her mouth just a few minutes ago, I wasn't at all surprised she could do it.

All Sean could say was, "Damn Sandy!"

My cock was hard now, and I was stroking it steadily. I was really getting into watching the action just a couple of feet away.

Bill stepped away, grabbed a condom from the table and quickly slid it over the head of his cock. He sat down on the couch and slid down, motioning for Sandy to sit on his cock. Sandy liked the idea. 

"Sit down." she said to Sean as she patted her hand on the coffee table.

Sean sat on the edge of the coffee table, and watched Sandy slowly lower herself toward Bill's cock. As she got close, Bill moved his cock up and down on her pussy lips, and then slapped her pussy with his cock. Then she slowly sat on him until she had him all the way inside her. Then Bill lifted her all the way off him, and then lowered her all the way down hard. 

She reached over and grabbed Sean's cock at its base and devoured it. She was so turned on by now that there was no teasing or playing around. She wanted to suck Sean's cock as hard as she was being fucked by Bill. You could see the determination in her eyes.

I wished I had a camera. Then I remembered that I had one upstairs, but there was no way I was leaving. I was sitting to the left of Sandy with a full view of her pussy swallowing one cock, and her mouth fucking another, and I smiled, thinking to myself that I knew what that wonderful pussy tasted like, and knew what it felt like to have my cock in her mouth. I was a happy guy as I continued to play with my cock.

I could see her sucking Sean and the look of pure satisfaction on her face. She stopped for a breath and looked at me, my cock in hand, and gave me that smile. She had her right hand on Sean's cock, and the left on his thigh, controlling the rhythm. Then, with no warning and not even looking, she took her left hand from Sean's leg, and reached out and grabbed my cock. She stroked my cock in rhythm with Bill's fucking, which by now was getting faster. Damn! 

A minute later I could tell she was about to cum. Her moaning got louder and she was having some trouble keeping Sean in her mouth, gasping for air from the fucking Bill was giving her. He had her ass firmly in both hands and was lifting and lowering her onto and off of his cock, while slamming up into her as she came down on him. 

Bill added an occasional slap on her ass. Each slap was followed by a deep squeal coming from around Sean's cock, and she squeezed my cock a bit harder with each slap.

She took a breath, "Oh damn!" she cried as Bill's speed increased.

"Fuck me Honey." she moaned as he slammed into her harder.

As she got close, she quickened her pace on my cock, and then grabbed it tightly and stiffened as her orgasm swept over her. She let go of my cock and Sean's as wave after wave hit her.

With Bill's cock still inside her, she stopped, resting on Sean's knees, head bowed trying to catch her breath.

Bill was still hard and in a couple of minutes he was sitting still as Sandy started to grind on him. He pulled her upper body toward him, resting her on his chest as he reached around for her tits and those inviting nipples. Sean got up from the table and stood on the sofa cushions next to her, and she promptly took his cock back in her mouth.

This was the best view yet of her riding Bill's cock. Truly delicious. Her pussy lips were full and glistening, and I could see cum dripping from that beautiful, warm envelope. Watching her ride up and down on that cock was a truly amazing sight, and made me want to fuck her even more than before.

I looked up and caught her watching me watch her fuck Bill. She winked. I smiled in return as she slid down Sean's shaft slowly.

The position must have been hitting her spot because she was moaning non-stop on Sean's cock as Bill began to thrust up into her a little faster and harder.

Before too long it was all she could do to catch her breath as her moaning became steadier and louder. She was stroking Sean now, unable to breathe and suck on him at the same time. A minute later she was cumming again, shaking and shivering as she released. Still sitting back on Bill, her juices poured out from around his cock. With her eyes closed, head resting on Bill's shoulder, she reached down, gathered her juices on her fingers and brought them to Bill's mouth. Lucky guy! I knew he tasted sweet candy. Then she did it again, but this time to Sean's mouth. 

She looked over at me, "There's plenty left for you later," teasing me.

I smiled, "I'm looking forward to it." 

She stood up, turned around, and kissed Bill, while taking the condom off his still hard cock. Sean had already put on his condom, and moved her over to the arm of the sofa, and bent her over it. He lined up his cock, grabbed her hips, and pulled her back to him as he thrust his cock into her dripping pussy. He went deeper than Bill and she could tell, reacting with a moan that was almost a grunt.

"Ah yeah!"

Bill went to the kitchen for a quick glass of water upon his return sat on the upper arm of the sofa, where Sandy immediately swallowed his cock.

I was a little farther away now but I could see Sean's cock moving in and out of Sandy's now wet and dripping pussy and Bill's cock in her mouth. I could hear its head pop out of it now and then. Bill's eyes were closed and his head was tilted back. 

I smiled because I actually knew exactly what he was feeling. 

It didn't take long for Sandy to cum again. She shivered as she thrust her ass back against Sean's cock. Each orgasm seemed bigger than the last, and this was her fifth or sixth I think. She definitely needed to catch her breath, and plopped down on the sofa, eyes closed, bathed in the afterglow of cumming three times in the last five minutes.

Sean asked who wanted beers and headed off to the kitchen, leaving Bill sitting next to Sandy who was slowly coming back down. He came back with the beers in a couple of minutes and all four of us sat there for a few minutes, recuperating.

The beers were done quickly, and Bill rubbed the cold bottle against one of Sandy's nipples. It sprang to attention. Sean reached for her pussy, but she had another idea.

Looking first at Sean, then at Bill, she said "I want you guys to jerk off for me." 

She looked at me, "You too."

I guess she really needed a break, and all of us were only happy to oblige. So, for a few minutes she sat there, just looking at all three of us stroking our cocks. She liked the view, and eventually started playing with her pussy. Soon enough she had two fingers inside her and was rubbing her clit with her thumb.

Looking at Sean, "So how have you been? Haven't seen you in about six months."

He told her what had been happening in his life, working construction and swimming for a local swim club. 

"What about you Bill?"

He gave her the condensed version, managing a lumberyard, working too many hours, but otherwise just fine. Seems it was even longer since she had seen him.

Sandy looked at me, sensing my curiosity, "I dated Bill and Sean at different times in college, and we decided it wouldn't work out in the long run, but the sex was just too good to stop. So, we get together now and then and have some fun, sometimes just two of us, sometimes all three."

It all made sense to me now.

"What about you, Jim?"

I told her briefly what I did for a living, where I lived, etc.

"So what do you think of our little arrangement?"

"I think it's fantastic, I envy all three of you."

"Yeah!" Bill said, "We like it a lot too!" 

I continued, "A threesome has always been my biggest fantasy, what you guys have is mind-bending."

I asked, "Have you been watched before?"

They looked at each other to be sure, and then Sean said, "Nope, this is a first for us."

"Do you like it?"

"Yeah!" he said, "It's a great turn-on."

All three nodded and mumbled agreement.

It occurred to me again that I was sitting there jerking off in front of not just a woman I just met, but two guys as well, and I was completely comfortable with it. I guess you just never know what you'll be ok with until it happens.

"So," Sandy said as she reached for Sean's and Bill's cocks again, "Are you ready to cum?"

She got two smiles as answers.

"Put those rubbers on." she said, reaching for a bottle of lube on the table, then continuing to play with her pussy as she watched them put on condoms. She had three fingers inside her and was playing with her clit with her thumb. There was a wet spot on the couch under her. "Remember what I told you I wanted to do the last time we met?"

She looked at me with a grin "I've never done this before but always wanted to try."

She asked Bill to lie on the sofa, and then turned him around the other way so I could see everything. She straddled his waist on her knees, and slowly lowered herself onto his cock as she kissed him deeply and passionately. She sat up straight, riding him while he played with her tits. 

I couldn't see her tits from my angle, but I did have a full view of her ass, and Bill's cock inside her pussy. I guess they knew exactly what she was talking about.

Sean had put his condom on and applied lube to his cock as he moved closer to them. He gently leaned her over so she was on her hands and knees, and lathered her ass with the lube. He slowly slid a finger in her ass, moved it a little faster, and then added another. 

"Hhhmmm." She threw her head back in pleasure.

He sensed she was ready.

He moved up behind her.

"Go slow Baby."

"I will, just let me know if it's too much."

With that he placed the head of his lubed cock against her ass hole. I leaned over to get a better look. Sandy noticed and smiled. She moaned as his cock head entered her ass. Little by little he moved more and more of his cock into her ass, until most of it was inside her. Bill was still, letting her get used to the feeling.

She turned to Sean, "That feels so good."

Then to both guys, "Can you feel each other?"

They couldn't say much, but nodded.

Bill started to slowly move in unison with Sean, both of them fucking her with long, slow, full strokes. Her head jerked back and she caught her breath each time both cocks hit bottom.

"I've never felt anything so good." she stammered.

The guys had started moving faster, but she asked them to slow down, saying she wanted to enjoy this for a while and didn't want to cum right away. But Sean had other ideas.

"I don't think so." he teased, "I think you should cum at least twice this way to celebrate the afternoon."

"Good idea!" agreed Bill as he thrust up into her a little harder.

It looked like Sandy started to object, but stopped as the pace quickened. The sound and sight of two cocks slamming into her hard now had me pretty close too, and I took my hand away from my cock, not wanting to cum, mesmerized at the sight.

In just a minute or two the guys had built up a good rhythm and Sandy's moans and breathing signaled a pending orgasm. 

"Oh, oh, oh!" She stiffened, swallowed, and then shivered violently. "Ooohhhhh!"

It looked like she was going to pass out right there on Bill's chest. The guys slowed down, giving her time to come down from her most intense orgasm yet.

"You guys are killing me." she said softly.

Looking at Sandy at that moment, I didn't know if she'd be able to stand another fucking by Sean and Bill, let alone be awake afterward to do anything with me, but I really didn't care. The front row seat I had, tasting her pussy, and the best blowjob of my life was more than I expected anyway.

It took her a little longer this time, but after a few minutes she started to slowly grind back on their cocks, signaling that she was ready. She was insatiable. The guys were ready and picked up where they had left off, getting back to full speed, pounding her ass and pussy fast and hard. 

I don't know how they were holding back, especially with feeling each other's cocks inside her, and the tightness that must have provided, but I figured they couldn't hold out a whole lot longer.

But Sandy must have been incredibly sensitive and beat them to it in just a couple of minutes. After she came she asked them to pull out, and then sat between them on the couch again.

The guys took their condoms off, and then took turns fingering her pussy and placing her cum first in her mouth, then in theirs. She turned her head back and forth between them, kissing each passionately, in thanks for such a good fucking.

"You guys are the absolute best fucks I ever had." as she continued to kiss them, energy slowly coming back to her. "That was even better than I thought it would be."

It was certainly the most amazing thing I had ever seen.

The guys stopped playing with her pussy and each played with one of her tits. 

I smiled as this is how everything got started about an hour and a half ago. After a few minutes playing with her nipples, sucking on them, she was back at full strength.

"You guys must be ready to explode." she said, "Must be tons of cum in those balls of yours."

They laughed. Bill responded, "That's an understatement."

She looked over at me, "You must be ready too."

I replied, "You can say that again."

"Stand up." she said as she slid to the floor on her knees.

She took one of their cocks in each hand and started to jerk them off, stroking them quickly, then took turns taking each cock in her mouth for a few strokes, while stroking the other. She was a woman on a mission, and wanted the guys to cum. She looked up at each of them when she had them in her mouth.

I knew what it was like to look down at her green eyes looking back at me, her mouth full of my cock. The eye contact was intense, and I knew these guys didn't stand a chance.

I could see the guys' cocks get red and a little bigger as she started stroking and sucking harder and faster. She leaned back on the sofa to get a better angle and started jerking the guys faster. They were really close.

"Give it to me!" she insisted, to neither in particular.

Bill began to shuffle his feet a little and moan. She turned her attention to him and sucked him really hard once or twice, and then feeling he was ready stroked his cock furiously.

"Fuck!" He cried as his body stiffened.

His first shot of cum fell across her tits, but she moved his cock so that the rest fell across her face and into her open mouth. 

She swallowed, "Hhmmmmm."

She stroked him for every last drop, and then held his cock lightly in her hand, turning toward Sean. "Your turn Baby, I want your cum."

He was ready too, and came all over her face. One shot flew past her head to the sofa. Between the two of them she was covered in cum, and she loved it. 

She swallowed what landed in her mouth, then bent her head over and licked the cum from her tits. She pulled Sean down to her and kissed him, giving him part of the cum she had in her mouth.

Then she cleaned the cum off her face with her fingers, putting it in her mouth, kissing Bill and giving him his share. 

"MMmmmm, thanks guys, that was the best yet." she said with a smile of complete contentment.

They kissed her again, and both said "Thank you!"

As the guys headed off to the showers, Sandy sat up on the couch and cleaned the rest of the cum from her face and tits. She really loved the taste of cum.

I was still sitting there with my hard cock in my hand, watching her. I was sure she was spent, and was about to get up myself and head to my room to finish the job myself.

She patted the seat next to her, motioning for me to sit next to her. She didn't have to do it twice.

"That was an incredible thing to watch." I said as I sat down.

"It really turned me on, watching you watch us fucking, stroking your cock." she answered. "It made it even better for me."

I laughed a little, "Glad I could help."

She laughed too, and leaned over and kissed me. I could taste cum in her mouth, tasting her cum among the others. 

I reached down and slid a finger into her pussy. She moaned at my touch, and reached for my cock. I responded with a hefty moan of my own.

Then she pulled away from me and moved a couple of feet away on the couch. She opened her legs wide for me to see that gorgeous patch of red hair and that pussy I was aching to fuck.

She slid a finger down over her clit and inside her. She looked down at my cock, and I knew what she wanted. I stroked my cock for her as she fingered herself for me.

Sandy picked up a dildo from the table and took it into her mouth. She stared at me as she sucked on it, getting it good and wet, then still looking at me, slid it into her warm wet pussy. I watched intently as she slowly slid all 8" inside her.

"This is what your cock is going to look like inside me." She teased.

I think my cock grew 2 extra inches at the remark.

She leaned over and picked up the last condom sitting on the coffee table. I was so thankful that there was one left. She shook it at me to tease me a bit more. She knew I was dying to feel myself inside her. She moved over next to me.

She took it out of the wrapper, then bent over and took my cock in her mouth, taking all of me up and down about a dozen times. Part of me wanted her to keep sucking me, remembering how it felt an hour earlier, but the anticipation of fucking this gorgeous, sexy, exciting woman overwhelmed the initial thought in a heartbeat. She slowly rolled the condom down over my cock. I couldn't believe I was actually going to fuck Sandy. The time had actually arrived.
