 This is a follow up on the Teacher's Revenge.

*****

You see me walking in the hallway and beckon me to come see you in your office with just a squint and the crook of your finger. 

I walk into your office and you close the door behind me. "I've heard you have been administering some unusual punishments for misbehaving students in the weight training class." You sit down behind your desk and lean back, folding your hands across your stomach. I can see that what you've heard has you aroused judging by the bulge in your pants.

I walk around to your side of the desk and sit on the edge, crossing my legs so you can see up the edge of my skirt. "Well, well, well, Mr. Administrator, what are we going to do about that?" I make a gesture toward your fly. 

"Seeing as how you caused this, it's only right that you fix it." 

"Oh dear me! Am I in trouble?" I bat my eye lashes, looking at you innocently. A sly grin spreads across my face. "I can tell you that the students deserved every last thing I gave them." I uncross and re-cross my legs flashing you my bare pussy. "It's my understanding that this county doesn't allow spankings anymore." 

"Well they have for the kids. But I might have to reinstate it for you, have you hike up your skirt, and bend over with your hands holding my big mahogany desk, and give you a few bare handed whacks across your ass."

I stand up and turn around, putting my hands on your desk and pulling my skirt up to my hips. My ass is right at face level. "But it sounds like an appointment with a disgruntled parent is here now. Maybe I should just crawl under your desk?" You fix my skirt and quickly stash me under your desk, and sit down just as the secretary let's in the parent. 

I undo your belt. And then your zipper, running my hands up and down your thighs. I have to give you credit. You do your best to stay poised, and act normal. You try to listen and concentrate on the mom you are talking to but my hands feel wonderful on your legs. I put my mouth over your cloth covered cock and gently bite down scraping my teeth on the fabric. You quickly interrupt your moan and clear your throat, acting like you had to cough. "Sorry Ma'am, continue...I'm listening." Your cock strains against the cloth, dying to be set free, your balls aching.I tug at your pants to let you know I need some help getting you free. But I want you in my mouth.

You listen to the mom and respond, as one hand slips down under the desk. You shift in your chair a few times in order to inch your pants and boxers down, freeing your cock and balls. I softly moan as I lick up your balls. You have to cover up the noises I make. Then I lick up your shaft just teasing the tip, tasting just a bit of pre-cum. Then you don't feel anything but my hot breath. And a second later my mouth has enveloped you. My lips wrapped around the base of your shaft. The head of you pushing hard at the back of my throat. You are trying desperately to appease the mom and get rid of her, your voice cracking as you feel my tongue on your balls. You click your pen, and rustle papers to mask the noise of my moans. You keep one hand under the desk and run it through my soft hair as I bob up and down on your throbbing shaft. I grab your hand and make you take my hair firmly in your grasp while I fuck you with my mouth.

You grab a fist full of hair on the back of my head and rhythmically force my head up and down on your cock. You can feel your tip hitting the back of my throat on each thrust. You try to make these movements subtle, as you speak with this mom, but she's giving you an inquisitive look. Your voice strains not to give yourself away. But my mouth feels incredible, wet and warm and slippery. I run my fingernails up and down your balls. A wet slurping sound escaping my lips as I bob up and down on you, harder and faster. I keep trying to make you make a sound.

Your eyes roll up in your head as my nails scrape your balls and you hear me slurping your cock. You can't hold back and your moan "ohhh God, yessssssssss" and look down so you can watch me. I know I've got you now. I start frantically sucking. My spit dripping down your balls, getting your pants wet. I stop trying to be quiet. I just slam your cock into my throat over and over, squeezing your balls gently. I'm wondering in the back of my head if this mom has figured it out.

You can't hold back as you moan in pleasure from my relentless assault on your cock and balls. It feels incredible. The mom jumps up and looks around the desk at the sight going on between your legs. You are terrified. You tell her, "please don't tell anyone! I'll do whatever you say. I'll give your child straight A's if you want, anything!" She stares in silence for a moment.

I release your dripping wet cock from my mouth. I stand up and walk over to the mother. I run my nails along her neck, and down her cleavage. "No one ever needs to know. I know what it is like, being a busy mom. Your needs always come last." I walk around her like I am stalking my prey, gently touching her, seducing her, drawing her in. "Does anyone even care about your desires at home?" I trace a single finger across her lips. I walk behind her again, moving her hair to the side to expose her beautiful neck. I run my nail down from her ear, across her neck, pulling at the neckline of her top to expose her shoulder. My other hand moves into her hair, massaging her scalp and firmly grabbing her hair, pulling her body up against mine. I lock eyes with you. You seem shocked, and yet unable to tear your eyes away. Your hand mindlessly starts stroking your cock. It's like I have her in a trance. With my eyes locked on yours I bite down on the base of her neck. She involuntarily lets out a moan. You know we have her now.

You smile as you watch me, stroking my cock gently, just keeping it ready, and knowing you'll need it soon. Your eyes tell me to keep going. Keep kissing her. Keep undressing her. You lick your lips with your tongue.

I grab her breasts from behind her, pulling her back, tight against my body as I keep nibbling on her neck. I remove her shirt and then unhook her bra letting her average size breasts escape the confines of her mommy attire. You watch as I squeeze her nipples with one hand and I slide my hand inside her pants with the other. Her panties are already wet. She must have been enjoying the sounds she was sure were coming from under your desk.

I spin her around and kiss her firmly on the mouth while I pull her jeans down, baring her ass to you. She moans into my mouth and I smack her ass making it jiggle.

I lead her over to your desk and bend her across it in front of you. I then walk around the other side of the desk and pull my skirt up as I put my foot up on the desk. I am not wearing any underwear today. I wonder if you had already noticed that. My wet pussy is waiting right in front of her face.

I look at you, "you fuck that end, while I fuck this end."

You spring up and quickly step out of your pants. You grab your cock in one hand, and reach under her with the other. You find her warm wet pussy. You guide the tip of your cock in place, then firmly slide into her. She is already very wet. You start pumping her with a nice slow steady rhythm. In and out, in and out. You look over at me and smile wickedly as you fuck her from behind. You grab her hips and steadily fuck her as you watch her start to lick my pussy. 

I grab the back of her head and shove it onto my pussy. I can feel her pushing into me with every thrust you make into her. She's licking and sucking on my clit. She reaches around and grabs my ass firmly so she can pull me into her more. I unbutton my shirt and remove my bra so you can see my big tits bouncing as you fuck us. I pinch my nipples and moan as she brings me close to cumming. I start frantically thrusting against her face. I can feel my orgasm start and I scream out. I am sure everyone waiting outside your office can hear us. But I don't care. As my orgasm slows I look at you and say, "Don't cum yet. I'm not done with you."

I tell her to roll over and for you to bury your face in that pussy. I get down on my knees underneath you to suck her juices off your throbbing cock. I grab your balls with my hands and play with them as I clean you. I can hear her moans getting louder. She must be very close to cumming. I get up and walk around to the front of her and I start sucking on her tits while you eat her juicy pussy. She screams out as she starts to cum.

There's a knock on the door from the secretary asking if everyone is ok. You yell back that we are "just fine."

I tell you, "it's my turn to fuck that magnificent cock of yours." So I come around in front of you. I kiss you and taste her pussy on your lips. Then I bend over in front of you. I lower my mouth to her swollen and dripping pussy. I start to slowly lick up one side and then the other. All around her slit. Then I start teasing her clit. 

You slide into me from behind. "God that feels incredible," you moan. You can't go slow and instantly start pounding my pussy hard and fast, balls-deep on every thrust. You watch me lick her pussy as you fuck me hard. You reach under me and grab my huge tits. They bounce wildly as you fuck me. You hold them, squeeze them, pinching my nipples as you slam my wet pussy. Your balls are aching to cum. You pull your right hand off of my breasts so you can smack my ass. Your grunts are getting louder. And the sound of my moaning as my mouth is buried in her pussy drives you crazy. 

"Oh yes, cum in my hot pussy!" I reach down and play with my clit which sends me over the edge. You feel my muscles clenching down on your hard as you force your way inside of me. I muffle my screams by sucking on her clit which drives her insane. 

You can't hold back any longer, and take a few last short strokes. You can feel the cum boiling up in your balls. You bury your big cock deep in my pussy and start to cum. You unload several thick jets of hot cum deep in my pussy. "Oh fuck yes!" I yell out and I buck against you. You scream out as the orgasm washes over you.

As the orgasm fades I stand up. I help the mom stand up. I kiss her on the mouth, and then you. I fix my skirt, re-button my top, leaving my bra across your chair. I walk to the door and leave your office, leaving the door slightly ajar. You and the mom are just standing there naked, staring. I look at the secretary as I pass and tell her I will see her tomorrow.