 I don’t know what we were thinking … I mean, we had all joked about having a threesome plenty of times, but it was only joking, I never thought it would really happen.  We had all been drinking, and I suppose, maybe, that’s what triggered it.  I know when I’ve been drinking I get pretty horny and playful, and last night had been no different than any other night when the three of us had got together and had a few, but then it got different … very different.  Maybe we had too much to drink; maybe I flirted a little too much. I don’t remember …

I do remember challenging them to a game of “you show me yours and I’ll show you mine” and they took me up on that challenge.  I guess I should tell you who they are.  They are my husband Mick and his best friend Ross.  They do everything together, but up until last night, it was only almost everything.

The game started out slowly and innocent when I flashed my supple breasts at them and Mick playfully pinched my nipple, sending shivers down my spine and causing both my nipples to harden immediately; as it always does when he pinches them.  Then it was their turn, and since I had seen my husband’s equipment many times before I insisted that Ross take his turn first.  He didn’t hesitate, although he thought he could get away with merely flashing his strong chest at me.

“Not good enough, I’ve seen that before.” I told him as I playfully tugged at his cargo pants.  A little shyer now, he slowly unzipped his pants.  “Stop there,” I said smoothly as I turned to Mick, “It’s your turn now.”

There I had them, both of them, with their zippers down waiting for the next command; right where I wanted them.  I decided to take another turn and show them more of me, so I lifted my skirt and showed them my bare ass, wagging it in front of their hungry eyes.

SLAP!!  I spun around to see both of them looking innocent and guilty at once.  “Who did that?” I demanded playfully.  No answer.  I asked again, “Which one of you horny buggers slapped my ass?”  It stung like mad, but felt warm and good too.  There was still no response, only two grinning men.  Hmmm.

I turned to Mick and said “It’s your turn again.”

“Hey!  That’s not fair,” he complained.  “It’s Ross’ turn!”

“Too bad, now drop your pants mister!” I grinned.  He started to take off his pants and boxers.  “Nope, only your pants, sweetie.”  When he had done as I asked, I suggested he go get me another drink.  I was getting warm and needed to cool off a bit before I started to get hot.

Ross and I were alone in the room.  I approached him and whispered in his ear, blowing my hot breath on his neck.  “It was you who slapped my ass, wasn’t it?”  He only smiled.  “Well, just wait, because later I’m going to make you kiss it better!”

Mick sauntered back into the room just in time to see me take my mouth away from Ross’ ear.  He gave me a questioning look, so I smiled and winked at him.  That seemed to satisfy his curiosity.  He handed me my drink and I sat down, my ass still feeling tender from the slap.

“Your turn,” I told Ross, and he stripped off his pants.  I could see now that his large cock was beginning to get hard, tenting his boxer shorts slightly.

We sat in silence for a few minutes, sipping our drinks, taking in the view of one another.  “It’s your turn now sweetheart,” Mick said, breaking the silence.  I contemplated my next move, and then slowly took off my shirt.  “Hey, we’ve seen those already,” he teased.  By this time I could see that Mick had a huge erection as well.

I could feel my pussy beginning to moisten and I was starting to really get turned on … big time.  After all, I had two huge cock-tents staring me in the face.  My pussy was throbbing and my lips swelling.  I had never had my shirt off in front of two sexy, wanting men before and it was very exciting to me.

I tested the water by uncrossing my legs and exposing the crotch of my thong panties.  I wanted, needed, to see at what point Mick would tell me enough was enough.  He said nothing; he actually encouraged it.  He took his shirt off and signaled for Ross to do the same, exposing their sexy chests to my wide eyes.  Mmmm, I thought.

“I guess I should make us even,” I said as I carefully slid out of my skirt.

And there we were, all three of us sitting in our underwear.  The sexual tension in the room was so think it could be cut with a knife and spread on toast.  Finally I said to Mick, “I’m going upstairs, you can come too … and bring your friend if you want,” and off I went.

When I got upstairs I laid face down on my bed, waiting to see what would happen next.  Soon after I was settled I heard footsteps, but I couldn’t tell whether it was one pair of feet or two.  I secretly hoped it was two.

Don’t get me wrong, Mick is an excellent lover and I wouldn’t trade him in for anything; I just wanted to experience more, new things, but with him by my side.  And I had always fantasized about two men touching me and pleasing me at the same time.

I kept my eyes closed and could feel someone carefully climb on the bed beside me … and then I felt a second body slowly get on the bed.  I held my breath for a minute, almost afraid to breathe, anticipating what ever was to come.  My heart fluttered and the butterflies in my stomach started to go wild.

One of the guys started to gently kiss my round ass, swirling his tongue around and around.  I could feel the cool air on the wet trail he was leaving with his saliva.  As this was happening the other came up and slipped a silk scarf over my eyes and tied it snugly.  I opened my eyes only to find darkness.  I felt a finger slip into either side of the waistband of my thong and slowly slide it off.  I lifted my hips, raising my ass in the air so it was a bit easier for the thong to be removed.  SLAP!  I quickly put my ass back down.  Now both cheeks stung and tingled.  Lips again moved across my ass with tenderness.  My pussy ached to be touched.  I was sure there was going to be a puddle underneath me from the juices that flowed from between my swollen, smooth, shaven lips.  I then felt a set of hands on each thigh, and they started to rub in unison; each man gently massaging a leg.  I heard whispers and one of them started massaging my ass.  I was in Heaven … SLAP!  And then, again, a warm tongue caressing the redness of my ass cheeks.  Two tongues!!

All of a sudden I was being flipped and there was a tongue on each nipple; one slowly making its way down my chest and along my belly, stopping just before reaching my mound.  I could feel his hot breath on my pussy, and it was making me tingle all over.  Just then Mick whispered in my ear, “Is this okay?”  I nodded, and knew immediately it that it was Ross who was panting near my wet, throbbing cunt.  A lick, then a nibble, my pussy was in love.  

My husband came around front and started pinching and licking my nipples, while our friend ravished my pussy with his mouth.  I was really starting to enjoy myself when they both stopped, and I was kissed deeply on the mouth.  I knew it wasn’t Mick by the feel of the kiss, and also by the taste and smell of my sweet nectar on Ross’ face.  After Ross kissed me, I felt myself being adjusted; my hips lifted up and my legs spread wide.  The head of a very hard, large cock probed at the entrance to my wet hole.  My body writhed in pleasure and anticipation.  It entered me slowly.  I could feel it throb as its owner, who I suspected to be Ross, grunted softly as he buried his hardness in me and pumped himself in and out of my willing hole.  Mick kissed me on the cheek and whispered “You like?”  I could only moan in response.

In one swift motion they had me on my hands and knees, doggy style, and Ross’ cock was pounding me even harder.  I could sense Mick in front of me, so I opened my mouth to take his member.  I took it slowly, licking and sucking, my mouth watering.  He started to fuck my mouth slowly, so I began to suck harder and take him deeper, filling my throat with his hardness.  I could taste the sweetness of his pre-cum on my tongue, and could feel his head swelling and growing larger.  My body was soaring.  I was ready to climax and my pussy started to squeeze Ross’ cock when they both withdrew.  Again I felt a mouth on my pussy.  I came so hard.  I could feel my juices flowing and I could hear the muffled noises of pleasure coming from the man who was trying to take it all in his mouth.  It was wonderful.

Before I had a minute to breathe I was flipped over again and there was a cock in my, still coming, pussy.  The other cock was placed against my mouth and I greedily took it all in.  They had switched places.  I had always wanted to suck Ross’ dick and now was my chance.  Mick had always bragged to him about my blow job abilities and I wasn’t going to let either of them down.

While Mick fucked my pussy into multiple orgasms I sucked Ross’ huge cock like there was no tomorrow.  A finger started to gently rub my swollen clit; it was ecstasy, and my breasts were being massaged and mauled once again and my nipples pinched just hard enough that the pain was pleasurable.  That pushed me over the edge once again.  I came hard again, my climax soaring.  I tried to moan, but was muffled by the cock in my mouth.  The harder Mick fucked me, the harder I sucked Ross’ cock and the harder and harder I moaned, as my body rippled with orgasmic pleasure.  At once they both withdrew and I could hear them both grunt as they climaxed and came all over my hot sweaty, lust filled body.  It was music to my ears.

We all collapsed on the bed and I fell asleep, contented and numb, between them.

In the morning I woke up and they were gone.  Had it all been a dream?  I got up and went downstairs, still naked.  As I walked in the bathroom I glanced in the mirror; my ass was still pink from a hand print.  Not a dream, I smiled.  Definitely a fantasy come true.