 This is a short fantasy story so if you think you know the people in it you are wrong. Like all my stories there isn't too much descriptive sex in it. I would like to there are enough facts to keep a guy interested though. Constructive comments are appreciated but the slash and burn ones will be deleted as soon as I see them. I love to get e-mails with your thoughts and try to respond if I have the time, so if you want to feel free to do so.

*****

My mother gave me a camera for my tenth birthday and after a bunch of failures I got to the point that I took some pretty good pictures with it. I enjoyed photography so much I thought about taking a few classes on photography and opening my own studio. I soon found that I enjoyed it as a hobby more than work. Also after talking to a few guys I found out how competitive the photography business was and how little the pay checks would be. So that plan was put on the back burner.

The film camera my mother gave me was great and I used it quite often until one day about twenty years ago my wife Angie bought me a new digital cameras for Christmas. The first digital cameras, like any new thing were OK but not great. Once they had been around for a few years the cameras were getting to be pretty good and that's when the wife bought it for me. Right from the moment I opened the present, and seeing this top of the line camera, I could see that this was a better way to save those cherished memories. I will admit it took me a while to learn all of the camera's functions though, but I had to admit the results were as good, or better than the old camera had been.

The first thing I liked about the camera was you could view the results on the screen on the back of the camera. If the picture was crap you could delete it. Taking pictures digitally meant you never had to waste money before you saw the finished picture. With the old film camera if the picture was bad you didn't know about it until the film was developed then you would have to throw that picture away along with the developing costs. Digital was a money saver right there. Another plus was you didn't have to take time taking those rolls of film in to be processed and then picking the pictures up in a couple of days. With the digital all I had to do was hook the memory card up to a computer and vola there were the results and with an editor program you could change the pictures to make them better.

I had been trying almost since the day we got serious with each other to get Angie to pose erotically for me but it hadn't happened. She was hesitant because she was scared some inappropriate pictures would fall into the wrong hands because some guy at the photo lab that developed the film made some copies to pass around to his friends. We had both heard about that happening so naughty pictures weren't taken. Mind you she posed for some glamour shots for me and that was a bit of a turn on for both of us.

With this new camera I started to tease Angie as I told her there was no worrying about someone seeing the pictures or making copies for themselves, so I then started a serious campaign to persuade her to pose for me figuring she could now pose provocatively for me with no worries. Once she got her head around the fact that there was not going to be anyone else but me involved, it wasn't long before she agreed to model erotically for me. As that first session went on the poses got more provocative. We had started slow with her applying her make up a lot thicker than normal and doing some glamour shots with her posing with some sexy outfits she had. From there I suggested more skin to be shown and she complied with my request.

Let me tell you, it was very exciting seeing my wife modelling her body for me, and the more provocative she posed, the more she seemed to get turned on. Afterwards Angie admitted that she found the idea of her exposing herself in front of the camera to be a real thrill. She found that flaunting her body in revealing positions was the most sexually stimulating thing she could have imagined. We had always looked at those magazines that I got together, and being in front of a camera made her feel like she was as sexy as one of those models.

Not only was posing turning her on, but I noticed that after posing and then looking at the pictures she was warming up a lot more in the bedroom. This was a new side of the wife I hadn't seen before. Although she was a dynamo in bed she was usually a lot more reserved out of the bedroom. I used to have to seduce her into being led into the bedroom for a loving session but now she was the one initiating the action. I couldn't complain about this change in her, because if being in front of a camera got her horny, I was the one who reaped the benefits afterwards. Those benefits were her being a lot more animated in the bedroom than she had been in years.

At the end of each session the two of us would check the results on the computer and edit some of the pictures to make them better. Then the new file would be added to our collection in the computer. With each session she was getting more daring and I soon found she was on the computer cruising voyeur sites getting ideas of new positions to pose in.

She surprised me one day when came out in an outfit I had never seen before. It was an almost see through halter teddy and some heels. The material was so sheer you could see her little dark nipples as they were trying to poke through the material and her trimmed bush above her pussy was evident.

That was the hottest session up to that point and at the end of it she was lying naked on the floor, with her back arched, her legs were spread as far as possible, showing her pussy to the best advantage. I was now taking close ups of her exposed charms and the wife was acting like a real slut as she started to finger her pussy for me while I continued to take pictures. My little Angie had turned into quite the show off. Needless to say it wasn't long until we were rolling around on the floor together.

That session led to dildos being introduced and there was nothing hotter than watching the wife pleasure herself with one of those. 

Over time we found things seemed to get stale. By the time we had been enjoying this fun for about a year, we realized if we wanted to keep experiencing the thrill we had to change something. What we were doing was still a thrill, but it didn't have the bang factor we had when we started doing this. We had done just about all we could think of and we decided to escalate things. Like me Angie wanted to intensify the experience more, so to keep up the thrills we started going outdoors. She soon was exposing herself in the park, on the hood of the car or the picnic tables at the camp site. Some of the sites we took pictures in were sites where we could get caught, and that fact added to the thrill.

A few times we had almost been caught by others and I noticed when we got home she was ravenous in bed. Of course a few months after we started going outdoors we got surprised by a guy on little used trail just as the wife was getting to the point of cumming with her favourite dildo. When I saw him he was watching us as she was doing her thing. I motioned for him to come over. He watched Angie for a bit and when Angie finally noticed him she got more animate. I realized she was getting off on some stranger watching her as she slid that dildo in and out of her pussy.

He was obviously enjoying watching because his cock was trying to rip out of his pants. I got brave and after Angie came I told him to join her in a few pictures. The wife was hesitant at first but she was soon draping her naked body all over him and once she got his cock out of his jeans she was soon jerking him off. I was encouraging him to feel her up as much as he wanted too and he sure did. They never fucked but he did cum all over her face.

Needless to say I ran out of memory on my memory card that day. The hiker went home with happy memories and I got fucked silly back in the bushes. Angie was insatiable. She said afterwards that being naked with another guy as he touched her body all over was the ultimate thrill. I could believe it because she was hot to trot for a couple of weeks after that.

One consequence of that episode was I went out and bought a couple of more memory cards and batteries just to make sure I never missed any action.

One day everything radically changed. My birthday happened to be in the winter so it was too cold to go outdoors. By now it was normal for Angie to be playing with herself with a few of her favourite vibrators and dildos as I took pictures of her getting herself off. We were in the front room and she was exposing her talents with the toys for me. She was making her little noises that told me she was getting close to cumming when the doorbell rang. That sent my naked wife hustling off.

I watched her cute ass as it wiggled off, and then I answered the door. It was Allen who was one of my best friends from work. Because it was snowing and blowing outside I invited him in. Allen had been bragging in the lunchroom at work how he would take pictures of his wife and he would even show them around to the guys. When he noticed the lighting equipment and personal toys I explained that I was taking some erotic pictures of the wife.

There was no hesitation on his part as he asked if he could watch. My cock twitched at that suggestion so I went to ask the wife if she was up for it. I found her in the bedroom at the back of the house fingering her pussy. She explained she had been so turned on and so close to cumming before Allen's arrival she just had to do something about it. I told her Allen wanted to watch her pose, and to my surprise she thought about it then told me it could be fun but to not blame her if she got carried away.

I should have asked her what her definition of fun, and carried away was. If I'd have done that then I wouldn't have been so surprised with what she did later. I went back in the front room and told Allen to sit on the couch and Angie would be along shortly.

I don't think Allen or I really comprehended what was going to happen that day either. I knew Angie was horny from the earlier playing with her toys, but what she did next was something out of a porn movie. My wife called out to me asking if I had the camera ready and when I confirmed it she walked out looking like she didn't have a care in the world. She was completely naked except for some cum fuck me boots with heels. Allen gasped, and had to catch his breath as she wife walked around the room in her birthday suit flaunting her body at him by posing in erotic positions. She made sure he saw everything she had to offer. I was taking pictures at a pretty steady pace.

After Allen got over the shock of Angie appearing nude he kept flattering her with comments on how good she looked and she was sexy as anything he had seen, etc. She was eating Allen's comments up and she looked over at me with a mischievous grin then went over to him, straddled him then she pressed her breasts into his face. His mouth opened and she moaned as her nipple was sucked. His hands gripped my wife's ass kneading both cheeks as he sucked more of her breast into his mouth. She was so hyped just then she was not caring that I was watching and taking pictures of the two of them.

Talk about a hard on. I was so excited my hands were shaking. Allen was still sucking her tit and got more aggressive. He was trying to devour each tit by stuffing his mouth with as much tit as he could, then chewing on them. Angie exclaimed the she had never felt anything like it, and to prove how mush she liked it she was pulling his head into her chest trying to get more of her firm tit into his mouth. Meanwhile her pelvis became animated and she was giving him a lap dance by rubbing her pussy against his crotch. She had lost all inhibitions at that point and was relishing in the feelings Allen was giving her.

When they came up for breath, my wife pulled away from him, and slid down to her knees in front of him. Her hands were busy unbuttoning his shirt then unbuckling his belt. Down came the zipper and she pulled the pants down exposing Allen's long thick rod. I have known Allen for a while and I never knew his cock was that big. Eight inches of fuck muscle that was two inches thick didn't take to long to get hard at all.

Angie was fixated on that cock and staring intently at the hunk of meat as she wrapped her hand around his thick shaft. Allen was moaning as she smiled and winked at me as she slowly and lovingly stroked Allen's hard cock. I was having a heck of a time trying to stroke myself as I was shooting pictures at the same time. I then watched my wife kissing his body everywhere as she was slowly stoking Allen's cock the whole time. She dragged him down on the floor with her and got him on his back.

Angie straddled him as her sweet lips slowly slid over the head on Allen's cock. Allen moaned loudly and his hand automatically went too rest on my wife's head where he grabbed a fist full of hair. He then moved her head up and down on his hard dick. By then all of us were moaning and I think I was the loudest. My wife continued sucking his dick while she spread his legs and played with his balls. I wanted to join in so bad, but was dedicated to the photo shoot.

Allen again took her head, this time with both of his hands and moved her head up and down on his cock. He was pushing harder and harder, making her take more and more of his cock. He soon had her gagging as his cock went as far as it could in her. I was sure the close ups of that action would keep the wife and I going for a long time.

My thoroughly turned on wife stopped, gave me that devilish smile again as she moved to straddle Allen in the cowgirl position. She guided his cock into her hot slippery pussy. With a loud deep whimper Angie lowered her pussy down on that cock of Allen's. Her pussy stretched to accommodate his large member with no trouble at all. Allen groaned as he hit bottom.

One of Allen's hands was alternately gripping my wife's ass or slapping it as Angie slowly started to move up and down on that hunk of hard meat he had. His other hand was pinching nipples. She started slow but was soon bouncing up and down as fast as she could on Allen's dick as her tits bounced around. Between gasps for air she was telling Allen and I how much she loved his cock.

It didn't take long until Angie moaned loudly as she started fucking him hard and fast. She was using Allen's dick as her own pleasure toy pounding it trying to get herself off. It didn't take long until the two of them had a sheen of sweat on their bodies as they both tried to out fuck the other. Angie came at least twice and when he finally came his pelvis drove hard into her almost lifting her body off her knees.

Once she caught her breath she rolled off Allen. By then I was beyond the point of no return so I had to jump her bones too. I sure didn't last long as I added my load of cum in her cunt.

Outcome.

Those magazines we used to look at got a bunch of submissions from us and the replies were quite good. We also graduated to the video mode on the camera and that was twice as exciting as the picture mode. It seemed that the excitement would never end for Angie. As you can imagine the next few years were full of a lot more exploits where I added a lot more files to the collection we had. Believe me watching my wife with a guy or in some cases guy's, was pretty hot. We even opened our own web site where for a few bucks you could watch Angie do her thing. We got to know quite a few people from that.

So here we are twenty years later with the two of us enjoying sitting around in the evenings looking at the photos and videos reminiscing about the fun times we've had.