 At Luvlee's on Thursday night, Akemi--squeezing naked Camilla's buttocks--tearfully begged her to return her love. Gently holding Akemi's cheeks in her hands, Camilla said, "Sweetie, it wouldn't work between us. I'm a polygamist: I'd cheat on you every day and night."

"Please," Akemi sobbed. "You can learn to love me."

"Baby," Camilla said softly. "I'm doing you a favour by being honest with you. If I said I loved you, I'd be lying. Sorry."

"Please don't reject me," Akemi cried. "I love you so much; I love you ever since I first saw you. When we make love in private room, was so beautiful."

"Sweetie," Camilla said. "You'll find someone else. Someone better than me."

"No one better than y--" Akemi began, but Candice interrupted her by kissing Camilla hard on the lips. Candice was determined not to let anyone take Camilla away from her. Akemi left the strip joint, bawling.

"Candice," Camilla said. "I wanted to break it to her gently."

"She'll get over you," Candice said as she put her arms around Camilla's neck. "Excited about going to Toronto?"

"Of course," Camilla said. "The next four weeks of summer school are gonna feel like an eternity, but knowing I'm gonna be with my daddy next month will make it worth the wait. So you're coming with me?"

"Absolutely. I'm not letting you out of my sight. With your dad near you, you won't need so many men, will you?"

"Oh, I dunno. I'm still gonna wanna fuck a lot. Daddy won't slow that down. It's not like I'll be fucking him, you know."

Frowning with an undying jealousy, Candice said, "I gotta get ready. I'll be doing my floorshow soon." She left Camilla. Camilla walked towards the stage, thinking about poor Akemi: she really didn't want to break that sweet girl's heart, but there was no other way.

As Camilla approached the stage, she noticed a new stripper doing her last song--a pretty, petite Asian girl dancing to a slow Taiwanese pop song. Naked, the girl's breasts were so small, she was virtually flat-chested; she also had a captivatingly lovely face, with mesmerizingly expressive eyes. Her eyes expressed shyness and fear from being seen naked in a strip joint for the first time, fear that the men wouldn't like her not-so-endowed body. The vulnerability in her eyes made Camilla think all the more of the pain Akemi's eyes had just shown. Camilla was touched by this new Asian stripper, aroused by her; she wanted her.

The girl timidly sat on the floor of the stage and spread her legs before three men at the tip rail. Camilla recognized one of the men as no less than the mayor of Vancouver; she correctly believed the second man to be one of the plainclothes policemen who'd seen her naked at the park when she displayed herself as Bob took pictures; she didn't know who the third man was (he was the chief of police). From the looks on the men's faces, they clearly thought the Asian girl was as exciting as Camilla did. Just like Calina's, the Asian girl's pussy was hairy. She then turned around and got on all fours to show the men her ass. She spread her legs open, assuming only her vulva would be showing, but because she was skinny, her buttocks were wide open, and the men could clearly see her pretty black asshole. She hadn't intended to show it, and would have been frightened to know that those men were fantasizing about fucking that tight hole; still, looking back at them and thinking they were enjoying merely the sight of her pussy, she smiled at them, happy to know that her body was pleasing them.

Camilla, too, was licking her lips at the girl's tiny beauty, and fantasizing about licking both holes. Still naked, Camilla started fingering her clitoris. Calina, wearing red underwear and matching high heels, came up beside Camilla and gently stroked her behind. "Isn't she hot?" Calina asked in her sexy Russian accent.

"Yeah," Camilla said. "Who is she?" Camilla kissed Calina on the cheek and put her arm around her waist.

"The boss's daughter," Calina said. "Got job when I did." She put her hand on Camilla's tit.

"Yeah, so you're a lap-dancer now, eh? How do you like it so far?" Camilla put her hand down the front of Calina's panties and fingered her already wet vulva.

"Love it. Sit on cocks, make me so horny. When we all eat each other onstage?"

"Soon," Camilla said. "Candice will do her floorshow next, and we can go on when she's naked for her third song. You see how that girl doesn't just show her pussy, but also her asshole? You should do that, too, Calina. Lots of men fantasize about anal sex; I could see those three men at the tip rail thinking about fucking that new girl's ass when she was crawling around on all fours." She pulled Calina's panties down and fondled her buttocks.

"You think the men will like my hairy pussy?" Calina asked in sighs. "I worry they won't."

"Sure they will. Lots of men like naturally hairy girls. Those guys like the hairy Asian girl, don't they?" Camilla brushed her hand through Calina's copious pubic hair.

"Yes, but maybe other men don't." Calina fingered Camilla's pussy. A number of the customers were watching the girls feeling each other up.

"Look, Calina. If you're worried, do a test. Show off your hairy bush with pride tonight, and see how many guys like it; then shave it or trim it tomorrow, and see how the guys react to it then. Whichever version they like better, let that be the way you show yourself." Camilla opened Calina's buttocks and fingered her asshole.

"OK, I take your advice."

The Asian girl finished her song, got off the stage, and went with the mayor into a private room. Then Candice went up onstage in heavy make-up, a black evening gown, and matching high heels. All the customers cheered for her. Camilla and Calina came closer to the stage to watch her. Candice smiled at them as she began dancing to her first song, Lady Gaga's 'Poker Face'.

Suddenly, Camilla felt someone's hands covering her eyes. She turned around and saw Mr. Gray behind her. "Oh, hi sir!" she said with an ear-to-ear grin. She put her hands on his shoulders, and he put his hands on her hips. With a squeal of delight, Camilla jumped up and wrapped her legs around his waist. Looking lewdly in his eyes, she gyrated her hips as if she were being fucked by him. Calina, still with her panties pulled down, watched them, breathing heavily and fingering her clitoris. The customers' attention was divided between watching Candice and watching Camilla and Calina.

"How are you?" Mr. Gray asked, looking down at Camilla and admiring her nudity.

"Great, now that you're here, sir," she said with a lascivious grin. "Want some lap-dances? Then you can take me home with you and fuck me if you want."

"I'd love to, but I don't think my wife will approve," he said. "Remember what happened to Mr. Finch yesterday." Camilla's smile changed into a pout. "On the other hand, with the private rooms here, do you think we could get away with screwing here? You seem to have a vacancy between your legs."

"Yep," Camilla said with a giggle. "But if you put your thing in my pussy, I'll scream, and people will hear. Putting it in my bum, or in my mouth, is better. I moan more softly then." She giggled lewdly again.

"I'd like that," he said, "but I had my hard-on set on your pussy."

"Well," Camilla said, looking at Calina and realizing that she wanted in on the fun, "if I'm eating out Calina here while we fuck, that could muffle out my screams. Hey Calina, you wanna?"

"Oh, yeah," Calina said, practically drooling. "We eat Candice later."

Still with her arms tightly around Gray's neck, Camilla unwrapped her legs and pushed them against his groin as he slowly let her slide down to the floor. Her mouth agape, and always looking into his eyes to know how she was making him feel, she enjoyed the feeling of his erection poking out against her legs as she went down to the floor. Calina left her panties down as she, Camilla, and Gray went over to a private room. Candice frowned to see them go.

When the three lovers went into a room, Gray got on his knees while Camilla lay on the floor with her legs wide open. Calina swayed her hips from left to right as she undid her brassiere and slowly took it off. Gray pulled her panties off, and she kicked off her high heels. Then she sat on Camilla's face. Gray was impressed with the Russian-Canadian's large breasts, her coffee-coloured complexion, and her hourglass curves. He undid his pants and pulled out his almost fully-erect penis; he aimed it at Camilla's ever-moist pussy as she eagerly licked Calina's cunt, the hairs of which tickled her face.

"Oh, Camilla," Calina sighed. "You have electric tongue. Oh!"

He slowly slid his now fully-erect cock inside Camilla's dripping wet pussy: she orgasmed all over the floor, and her high-pitched squeals, it seemed, were successfully muffled by Calina's snatch. The lovers figured they were safe from suspicion from anyone outside the room; Camilla knew the bouncers wouldn't tell anyone what they were seeing on their cameras. Rick and Don would be too busy enjoying the show on their monitors.

****************

Indeed, the bouncers were enjoying the show.

"Man, that Slav with the hairy pussy's a horny bitch," Don said.

"You got that right," Rick said. "She has a great body, too. She just needs to shave her bush, and she'll be perfect. I'll bet that pubic hair is where Jimmy Hoffa went missing." They laughed.

Then the door suddenly opened. Mrs. Chen, the new boss ever since the death of her husband, came in. The men's smiles immediately turned upside-down.

"What those girls doing?" she said angrily as she watched the monitors. "This a strip joint, not whore house."

"Well, as long as the cops don't know," Don said, "we're safe. And remember, Camilla's responsible for so much of our good business."

"She'll be responsible for us out of business!" Mrs. Chen snapped. "The mayor is here; so is chief of police. Hope he don't come up here, see what we see!"

****************

Camilla's fingers were now in Calina's soaking wet vagina, rubbing against her G-spot. As Gray continued probing deep inside Camilla's pussy (which had just gushed its second orgasm), he ogled Calina's large breasts.

"Calina," he asked in pants. "May I touch them?"

"Oh, yes," she sighed. "I happily let you feel."

He cupped them in his hungry hands and gently squeezed them; they felt so soft, so smooth, so perfect! She thrilled to the sensitivity of his caressing hands.

Camilla kissed and licked Calina's beautiful asshole; like her pussy, it was immaculate--no foul odour or taste. Camilla also licked around Calina's anal cleft, her tongue tickling the small wisps of hair surrounding Calina's anus.

"Oh, Camilla," Calina moaned. "My butt loves your tongue."

Watching Camilla's large breasts shaking as he fucked her, Gray moved his right hand down to fondle her left breast, keeping his left hand on Calina's right breast.

"You girls," he grunted, "are the queens...of soft."

"You, sir," Camilla answered in shaking groans, "are the king...of hard. Oh, my God!" Her next orgasm was imminent.

Indeed, the tip of Gray's rock-hard cock kept pushing firm kisses against Camilla's euphoric A-spot; she orgasmed a third time, and there was a huge puddle of her come all over the floor. Camilla's long finger gently poked against Calina's A-spot, and she was approaching orgasm herself.

"Oh!" Calina screamed. "I come soon!"

Camilla moved her head away from Calina's asshole and started sucking on her hard clitoris. This, combined with Gray's continuous pinching of Calina's right nipple, made her come her first spray all over Camilla's eyes. Camilla quickly moved her head up with her mouth open to receive the rest of Calina's cooze; she fingered Calina's clit to maximize her excitement and make her come more copiously. It worked, and Camilla received five explosions of plentiful come in her gluttonous mouth.

****************

The mayor and chief of police, knowing of Camilla's notoriety, were anxious to find proof of it. The only proof they had was from the plainclothes cop, who told them about Camilla's nude posing in the park with Bob.

Candice finished her floorshow, and walked off the stage. The mayor, having returned from the lap-dance he'd got from the new Asian stripper, asked Candice to come over.

"Do you want a lap-dance, Your Worship?" she asked him.

"Yes, in a minute," he said. "Where's Camilla? I hear she's quite the girl to see. If we could have her with you, that would be great."

Greatly desiring to be in a private room with Camilla, but not wanting the mayor to know of Camilla's current excesses with Gray and Calina, she lied and said, "Sorry, I don't know where she is right now."

"OK, thanks anyway," he said. "If I find her and you're available, we'll all have lap-dances together, OK?"

"Sure," she said, and walked away. The next stripper to go onstage was a petite Latina girl. Though the men found her quite appealing too, they resolved to look for Camilla. They got up, left the tip rail, and walked around the bar; as they looked around, they saw a beautiful thin black girl in white lace underwear. She asked the plainclothes cop if he wanted a lap-dance; he accepted, and went with her into a private room. Again, the other two men found her attractive, but remained focused on finding Camilla.

Not seeing Camilla anywhere in the main area of the bar, they chanced upon the room where the bouncers were.

****************

"I'm gonna come," Gray groaned.

"Please, sir," Camilla asked. "Not in my pussy. On my face instead?"

"OK," he said, and pulled his cock out. Camilla sat up, and, still with Calina's come all over her face, began to jerk him off.

Calina licked the come off of Camilla's pussy, and got a cloth and some Kleenex out of her purse to try to clean up as much of the come off the floor as she could. As she continued licking Camilla's cunt, she said, "Oh! So tasty!" Camilla came on her face. Calina sat up as she continued cleaning the floor, and with her come-soaked face level with Camilla's, she said, "We're twins now." The girls laughed.

Gray blew his load, splashing his first ejaculation in Camilla's right eye. Calina, wanting a facial, moved her head nearer to his cock. He splashed his second gushing on Calina's nose. She screamed with pleasure. Aiming his cock back at Camilla, he sprayed on her left cheek. Camilla giggled. Pointing back at Calina, he shot his fourth and fifth spewings on her lips and chin. The girls continued giggling.

He stared in awe at their come-drenched faces. Their come all intermixing as it dripped down their faces, he found it difficult to determine where his came ended and the girls' began. All the same, it was a glorious sight.

****************

Thinking it was just another private room, the mayor and chief of police barged into the bouncers' room just as Gray could be seen on one of the monitors putting his cock back in his pants and zipping them up.

"Which girl's Camilla?" the chief of police asked, looking at the screens for all the private rooms.

"H-her," Mrs. Chen said, nervously pointing at the come-soaked blonde.

"Well," said the smiling mayor. "I think we've seen all we need to see." The mayor and chief of police left the room. Mrs. Chen, Rick, and Don just shuddered.

****************

The girls and Gray left the private room to the sound of applause from the customers immediately outside; every sigh and squeal was heard. Calina and Camilla took a bow and giggled. Then Candice came over to them.

"You guys had better hide," she said. "The mayor and chief of police were looking for you, Camilla. If they know what you were doing, you may get busted."

Gray said goodnight and rushed out of the bar. Camilla and Calina quickly went into the bathroom to hide and wash their faces. Camilla got on the toilet and peed, trying to stay calm and hope she wouldn't get in trouble.

The mayor and chief of police came back into the main area of the bar. "Did you find Camilla?" the mayor asked Candice.

"No, Your Worship," she lied. "Sorry."

"Oh, that's OK," he said. "We're gonna have to leave now, anyway. We'll be back tomorrow night for those lap-dances, OK?"

"OK, sure," she said nervously. The men left the bar with the plainclothes cop. I hope you guys are corrupt enough to let us do our thing, Candice thought.

Calina came out of the bathroom slowly, looking around for danger.

"It's okay," Candice told her. "They're gone."

"Oh, good," Calina said. "Now I get ready for my floorshow." She walked over to the DJ to tell him what music to play.

Camilla opened the washroom door slightly to see if everything was OK. "Don't worry, Camil," Candice said. "They're gone."

"Whew," Camilla said, and came out. Immediately after that, she saw Dr. Singh. "Oh, hi Ravinder. Do you have my test results?"

"Yes, I do," he said. They walked over to a table and sat down together, away from the other people. He whispered, "You don't have any STDs."

"Oh, good!" she said. "But what about those little black egg-shaped things I told you about? Are they in my blood and pee?"

"Yes, I'm afraid so," he said.