 She was wearing a tight tank top that showed the lace of her bra and deep, creamy cleavage, a pair of cut off shorts riding high on her slender legs. An ivory pale redhead, and a rare beauty, Lila was a woman that I had found myself attracted to before, but now, in that outfit and only smoky brown eyeliner to accentuate amazing green eyes, I wondered if Greg, my husband, could see through me to know that looking at our friend sitting there on the couch was getting me wet.

We were drinking wine and making small talk, just as we had done a few times before, but there was a different charge in the air tonight, and I found my mind drifting toward pushing back Lila's auburn locks and spraying wet kisses down her throat while Greg watched. The way he was looking at me, half amused and questioning, told me that he was well aware of what I was thinking and that he liked it. We had always talked about having a three way experience if the situation were right, and it seemed so now, even with the way Lila leaned close to me when she spoke, but I dared not make the first move. Apparently, I did not need to.

Her small hand settled on my thigh, giving a squeeze as she said, completely out of context, "You know, Kate, you are one of the prettiest girls I know." As I turned my head to reply, her lips caught mine and I found myself engaged in a wet kiss, our tongues battling one another as her hand drifted up my leg, skipping the growing wetness in the seat of my sweats, her fingers cupping my breast and squeezing a nipple through the material of my own yellow tank top. I moaned, barely believing what was happening. Stealing a glance at Greg, I saw him on the other couch, legs slightly parted as he fondled the growing bulge in his shorts. 

Trembling fingers pulled the front of my shirt down, and tenderly, Lila pulled my breasts from the constraints of my bra, leaving them propped up, by the underwire, my nipples rigid. Her mouth moved down to suck at each nipple and as I met my husband's eyes, his stroking slow and wanting as he mouthed the words, "I love you." 

Lila was soon on her knees, pulling down my sweatpants, her fingers finding my soaked pussy and driving two fingers in with little ceremony. I nearly came right then, a little cry leaving my lips as the sensation ebbed and she settled into a slow pumping action. Greg was moving toward us now. Shorts coming down as I moaned, he knelt on the couch beside me, his stiff cock pushing against my lips. I took him into my mouth hungrily, hips pushing against Lila's fingers as she half stood to lick at the glistening member presented to us.

Greg looked as though he might faint, his breath catching as he watched his wife and friend lick and kiss him, Lila's tongue moving over his soft, shaved balls. Her fingers had not left me, and I slammed my hips up to meet each slow stroke. "We need to move this into the bedroom," Greg suggested, half out of breath.

Shakily, the three of us did just that, stripping down to nothing as we went.

Greg sat propped back against the headboard, several pillows behind him as both Lila and I crawled up in between his legs, continuing the barrage of kisses and slow licking. We paused only to kiss one another before I backed away, taking up a handful of Lila's fiery hair and pushing her mouth completely down over his cock. "Suck it," I whispered, surprised at the demand in my tone. "Suck it and get up on your knees."

Lila moaned, taking the full shaft down her throat. Greg held her there as I slid back behind her. She was on her knees, ass arched back and up to expose soft, pink folds and a small, puckered little hole. I grabbed each cheek of her perfect ass and licked her once from clit to asshole, the taste of woman for the first time in my mouth and causing me to shudder. I let my tongue linger on her little asshole, spreading those cheeks as far as I could as I worked my tongue in. Lila lifted her head only for a second to beg me in a muffled tone that I never stop. My fingers drifted from one cheek to slip between her legs, and I began to rub her clit slow. 

"You're going to let me watch Greg fuck you in the ass," I informed breathily, and his eyes grew wide as he pushed Lila's head down on him again.

"Just like that. Suck it hard," he told her. "Get it all wet for me...just like that."

I pulled my tongue from her ass, gazing at them for a long moment as my fingers slipped deep into her pussy, the warmth amazing to me. My own pussy was so wet that I could feel the stickiness down my inner thighs. I wanted them both so bad. I wanted to watch his cock pumping in and out of her ass. I wanted it all.

Feeling a frantic build up within, I moved my fingers from her crotch, sliding them up, two wet digits sliding into her asshole. She moaned loudly, but never stopped sucking that cock, her hips gyrating to push back. She wanted it. She was ready for it. "Tell me you want a cock up your ass, Lila. Tell us."

Greg pulled her head up by the hair, making her meet his eyes. She was out of breath, groaning as my fingers moved faster, sliding almost completely out of her ass and back again, down to the knuckle. I found myself fucking her ass hard, my other hand fucking that inviting pussy with four fingers. She was writhing, her voice cracking as she cried out, "Fuck my ass, Greg. Fuck it with that wet, hard cock. C'mon!" Hearing her beg that way brought me damn near to the edge of orgasm.

It was all we needed for Greg to move around to where I was positioned. I slid over to one side of her, holding her round cheeks open for him. 

It amazed me how easily his cock pushed into her asshole. Spitting down the crack of her ass and using one hand to rub her clit, I moaned as Greg's cock slid in, beginning a slow fuck that had Lila moaning so loud I was afraid the neighbors would hear, but I didn't care. It was such a sight I had to simply watch, licking my wet fingers, my other hand finding my own pussy and slowly feeling it. Lila was about to come, and her body went briefly rigid before the spasms came, breathless as she begged Greg to slam that cock into her ass. I was still fingering myself when I shoved my fingers back into her pussy, each contraction squeezing around them as the wetness came down. 

Greg pulled out, nearly having come himself, his eyes wide and glazed. Both of them looked to me as if to say it was my turn, and before I could do or say anything, Lila was pushing me down onto my back, her fingers back in my wet hole as she sucked playfully on my clit. "It's your turn to get fucked now," she murmured against the wet folds of skin. She moved away, sitting to the side as Greg mounted me.

He slammed into me, and my legs came up onto his shoulders as I cried out. Lila was stroking my clit, alternating between painfully slow and maddeningly quick, her other hand on my tits, pinching my nipples and pulling at them. It was all too much, and the orgasm ripped through me with delicious violence. Greg barely controlled himself enough to pull out. They weren't done with me yet. 

He pulled me on top of him, his cock lodged deep into me, Lila's hands roaming over my ass as I rode him. Her fingers played over my asshole, my fingers wet with her cum sliding into her mouth as she sucked them clean. I felt a finger push up into my ass, and I nearly came again. Lila moved behind us, her tongue gentle on Greg's balls as her finger slid into my asshole in perfect rhythm with the dick that invaded my pussy. Greg was fondling my tits when I came again, his voice far away. "I've got to come on you both. Let me come on your pretty faces."

He pulled me off him and Lila's finger, and the two of us crawled up between his legs as he stroked his glistening cock. Spurts of white splashed our faces and necks, a gob flying into Lila's mouth. She kissed me, the taste of salty cum on her tongue. 

A fantasy fulfilled at last.