 Gen and Sherry were still sleeping several hours later. Draped languidly over the bales of hay, the warm sun had dried most to the cum that covered their bodies, leaving only moist areas between their thighs where the silky, smooth cream still oozed from their pussies when they moved. Gen wakened first and stretched, running her hands over her body. She was still proud of herself and the way she looked, with very full breasts ending in dollar sized areolas and constantly hard, long nipples. Her tummy showed a little roundness and her legs were firm. 

She raised her legs, placing her feet on the bale she lay on. Letting her legs fall outward, she opened her thighs and pussy to the warmth of the sun. Moving her hands downward, she spread the full, pouty lips of her pussy and felt her hardening clit glide from its sheath. Flicking her fingers across her pearl, she arched her back and enjoyed the sensations. Gen continued to caress herself, occasionally slipping a finger inside until her breath came in short, rapid gasps and she again orgasmed. Totally oblivious to her surroundings, Gen now looked over to her sister and found that they had quietly been surrounded be a large group of their former servants. She and Sherry knew many of the men by sight, having grown up with them working their field. On occasion, the two girls and even hidden by the river and watched them bathe, marveling at the size of their manhood as a group. Now they were being the ones watched and at first startled and a little frightened, Gen soon found herself becoming aroused yet again.

Sherry was now awaked and looked at Gen with a smile and slight wink that indicated the two women were probably sharing the same thoughts. Almost in unison, the women sat up and let their legs dangle from the bales of hay. Opening her legs slightly and cupping her full breasts, Gen tossed her head backward and looking at the men, asked " Any of you still want to please your old masters?" The men tentatively glanced at one another and then grinning collectively began to shed their clothing. Quickly, Gen and Sherry found themselves surrounded by twenty two naked black men. "God," moaned Sherry as she stared at the huge dangling cocks in front of her, some hanging almost to the men's knees.

Gen waved to a half dozen men in front of her and said," Come on boys, I'll help you out." As they encircled her, Gen greedily devoured one flaccid cock after another, reveling at the feeling of them stiffening and growing in her mouth. Sucking one and jerking off one in each hand, Gen felt the men's hands roaming over her body. Hands were on her breasts, cupping them, pinching her nipples. Others were on her belly, throat, back and now, between her thighs. She felt long thick fingers push deep inside her and she moaned around the cock filling her mouth. Looking over, she saw Sherry on her knees, straddling a huge cock that was being worked into her wet hole. Another black was half kneeling behind Sherry, his foot long cock being eased into her ass hole. A man standing in front of her filled her mouth with a monstrously thick cock and she squealed in pain and pleasure. Soon all three men worked into a rhythm that kept the girl skewered between them bouncing her back and forth, always keeping at least one cock buried deep inside her.

Now, wanting more herself, Gen lay one of the men with the longest cock on his back with his head toward Sherry. "Now," she thought, "I can watch the show." Standing on the bale, feet on either side of the man's hips, Gen knelt, easing herself onto the monster under her. Another man positioned himself behind her and also watching the spectacle in front of him, knelt slightly and, to Gen's shock, began to guide his hard cock into her already filled pussy. As he pushed inside, Gen, her mouth wide open in surprise and the sensation of being so filled hardly noticed the cock that popped into her mouth. Sucking furiously Gen felt the man's cock grow slowly and the man bucked wildly as his cum filled her hot mouth. Gen was now cumming from the feeling of two cocks fucking her pussy at the same time and pushed harder back against them as the now limp cock slid from her still sucking lips. 

Looking forward, Gen was shocked to see a third man positioning himself behind Sherry. She was straddling one huge cock that filled her pussy and had another fucking her ass. Pulling her mouth off the cock in front of her, Sherry practically screamed, "Yes, yes....more..." The third man, Gen saw had a slender cock at least a foot and a half long. Kneeling slightly, he positioned himself between he first two men and pushed his way into her already occupied pussy. As she screamed again, he pushed farther in and all three men took up a rhythm of fucking her. With two cocks in her pussy, one in her ass and one in her mouth, Sherry could do little more than allow the waves of pleasure to sweep over her and she spasmed and orgasmed for what seemed like hours. As she lost consciousness, Sherry was still being fucked as the men came in unison, filling her with cum.

Gen, by now was beyond control and could only groan and babble incoherently as the two cocks in her pussy spurted hot sperm into her. Still barely aware, Gen felt herself being turned onto her back across the bale. With her legs help up and apart by the first two men, cock after cock fucked her open pussy. With her head hanging over the other edge of the bale, cock after cock filled her open mouth. Shuddering and spasming almost continuously now, Gen continued to suck each cock dry, almost by reflex. Each time a new cock entered her, Gen could vaguely feel cum ooze around it and she would orgasm again. Hands still roamed over her body as she drifted off, a cock still in her mouth and pussy.

Sherry wakened slightly. Her sister was on her back, huge black cocks in her mouth and pussy, fucking her furiously. Gen's arms hung loosely off the bale and Sherry watched sleepily as her tits bounced as she was being fucked. Absent mindedly, she counted 22 men around her sister and wondered if that manner had fucked her too, Then she drifted off to sleep.