 Robin is discussing the plan for day three of her adult camp games with Chris, as they lay in bed awaking to a beautiful morning. He is naked and his cock is coming to life as she runs her hand along his body through the thin top sheet. 

Robin has on a white floor length cover up, slit up the sides, and nothing underneath. She is dripping mucous from her overheated cunt, which is covered with a thin strip of blonde hair. Her dreams the past couple of days have been very vivid, and each morning of Adult Camp week she has woken in this state. She has a bracelet on each wrist, and matching anklets, with small rings on each bracelet and anklet. 

Exiting the bed, she tells Chris about the Yoga instructor, as she walks into the master bathroom. Sitting up in bed, Chris watches Robin remove her cover up. Her hair is more blonde than usual from being in the sun; her body has no tan lines. His cock twitches watching her movements. 

She turns the water on to fill the antique tub, grabs her razor, shaving lotion, and places her left leg on the edge of the tub. Chris watches and can see her beautiful ass, and a part of her body. He moves from the bed, walking past Robin in to the bathroom; kisses the back of her neck and sits down on the other side of the tub. He smiles and states women like to talk to men while they shave, I thought I would see how the other side works. 

Robin takes the shaving lotion and lathers her left leg, while turning to Chris she stares at his cock and runs her tongue over her lips. She shaves her leg slowly, carefully and can feel her moist cunt dripping with anticipation of day three of adult camp games. As she finishes her left leg, she rinses it and prepares the right leg, Chris asks her about her plan for the Yoga instructor. 

Roger Young moved into the community a few years ago. A former high school coach, and bachelor, he started a Yoga studio. The studio caters to anyone and everyone in the community. Robin has met Roger once or twice in passing and is intrigued by the idea of having a personal Yoga instructor. Chris's cock is at full attention while Robin continues with the description and her plan. 

Completing her right leg, she turns towards him to lather her cunt, while lathering she runs her finger through the moist lips; releasing a low moan. She takes the razor and cleans up the area leaving her trademark sun bleached blonde landing strip. Chris looks down to see precum glistening on the top of his cock head.

Moving towards him, she bends to give him a long open mouthed kiss. Pulling away she continues to discuss Roger Young. He is 50 and in a top shape, dark brown hair, greying temples, wide chest and lithe body type carried on a 6'1" frame and a great smile. 

Walking past Chris, she reaches for her phone and places it on the edge of the tub behind him. Opening a drawer she finds the massage lotion and places it next to the phone, as she slides in behind him. Sitting behind her new lover and videographer, she runs kisses up his back and neck, while moving her right hand lightly over his hard cock, she runs her turquoise colored nail through the slit and uses her finger to spread precum over his large cockhead. 

Whispering into his ear, she tells him Roger's number and asks him to dial and engage the speaker. As Chris picks up the phone, she picks up the tube of massage lotion and from behind his back dribbles the lotion over his cock, and slides her hand to the base of his cock. He shudders from the feathery sensation of her hand sliding along his shaft as he places the phone on the ledge of the tub.

Young Yoga comes the reply from the phone. Hi, this is Robin Stone; I live in town and am interested in a yoga class. Hi Robin, Roger is my name, and I can help you. Robin states she would be interested in meeting him to discuss her class idea in more detail. She asks if they could meet at the local coffee shop in a couple of hours. Roger agrees.

As the discussion is taking place, she is slowly stroking Chris's cock; it is glistening with the massage lotion and precum mix. He is straining to keep as quiet as possible, while she is going to great lengths to extend the conversation with Roger hoping to get Chris to moan. Finally, she ends the conversation with Roger and gives Chris a long kiss. While continuing the hand job on Chris, she asks him to prepare the fitness room with the necessary video equipment, as she is planning to have a personal yoga class with Roger. 

Moving to the front of Chris, she kneels continuing to stroke his rock hard cock, as she runs her finger through her dripping cunt. Looking up at him, she whispers I need to taste you, running her tongue slowly over his cockhead and through the slit. Using her hands, she begins a slow pumping of his shaft, running her mouth over the top of his cockhead and moving halfway down the hard shaft. 

Chris senses he is about to lose his load, as does Robin. She moves her mouth off him and bathes his large vein with her tongue, while making a circle with her thumb and forefinger she uses the opening to pump his cock and the sensitive corona.

Watching his balls start to contract she places her lips and mouth over the head, adding speed to her strokes. Chris throws his head back and lets lose a large load into Robin's mouth. Swallowing it, she kisses him and heads for the shower.

Chris heads to the fitness room to ensure the cameras, mics and other necessary equipment is strategically placed for day three of the adult camp game week. The payment by Robin; her hands, mouth and cunt on his cock has made Chris sexually wealthy the past three days.

After showering, blow-drying her hair and applying just the right amount of mascara, no makeup required. Robin slides a tiny thong up her long tan legs. She spreads lotion over her long legs to give them a "satin" finish. She moves to her closet and finds the tan see through summer dress, short sleeve, button up the front, and slides it over her body. She can barely make out her light brown areolas, and hopes Roger will strain to do the same. She makes sure to leave open the buttons on the top and bottom of the dress

She grabs her three inch tan heels, applies some gloss to her lips, dabs some understated cologne on her neck and breast line and heads for the door. 

Arriving at the coffee shop early to ensure Roger sees her upon his arrival, she takes a seat at a table and positions herself so that everyone, men mostly, can view her tan, satin legs. Sitting down, she throws her leg over her knee and ensures the dress slides up over her knees and an inch down her thigh. It appears perfect, as the heels provide further accentuation of her legs all designed for sexual attraction. 

Robin is texting Chris to ensure he is ready for the plan. Looking up she watches two men in their forties look over at her as they enter the shop she smiles and goes back to her phone. 

A few minutes later she notices Roger coming towards the store. He enters and looks directly at Robin. He is dressed in a pair of men's yoga pants and a tank top fitted to his physique, impressing her with his large chest. His biceps are well defined, and she notices his large hands and forearms. 

Robin looks up and says you must be Roger. He is taken aback, and introduces herself as Robin Stone. He shakes her hand while looking at her wonderful legs; he tries to look up quickly. However, she has caught him and knows her plan is starting to unfold. He asks if she would like something to drink, she says skim milk latte. He returns with the drinks and they start their conversation.

As they start their small talk, she tells Roger she needs to take off her heels to relax her feet. She removes them and her pedicured feet and bare legs are in his view. He stirs slightly and feels his groin responding to her physical beauty and apparent teasing nature. 

Robin tells Roger she has an idea for a new class and tells him she would be interested in conducting a session to determine the viability of the class. She informs Rogers she has a studio and they could work on the class there so not to disrupt his current class schedule. He agrees and asks when would be a good time to review the class. She asks if he has time later in the afternoon around 4:00PM. He says he does and Robin hands him her business card with her address. She lists her occupation as Massage Consultant. 

Before getting up she bends over to place her put on her heels, and while bending forward the top of her dress falls forward and he is presented a view of her gorgeous breasts. They stand to leave and she notices a slight bulge in his yoga pants. Roger attempts to ignore it, and realizes it has not gone unnoticed as Robin smiles giving a quick look at his bulge.

Being only 11:00AM and a Wednesday, Roger heads to his studio to get in a quick workout. He has a high-end stationary bike in the back of his place and uses it every other day to augment his yoga, and to stay in shape for his weekend road rides. Upon completion of the workout, he jumps in the shower. While showering his mind wanders to his 4:00PM meeting with Robin, and his cock hardens, growing to nine and half inches with the combination of her vision and his hand lathering the shaft. 

After drying he slips on a pair of body glove low-rise briefs, which accentuates his physique and his cock. He slips on a pair of golf type shorts and light blue t-shirt with Young Yoga displayed in black letters on the front above his left pec. The shirt conforms to his chest, and body. 

Upon returning home, Robin finds Chris to review the camera and audio placement. Leaving him, she heads to the bedroom to remove her dress, and thong. She replaces the thong with a small bikini bottom and finds her way to the pool to ensure her body is tan and warm for Roger. Chris is lounging on a chaise upon her arrival. Sensing more fun, she turns her back to him and wiggles the bikini bottom down her legs, bending at the waist to remove them to provide a rear view of her rapidly heating cunt.

They lay near each other soaking up the sun and drifting off to a short rest and daydream. Chris is smiling in his daydream, as Robin's mouth and lips are working their magic on his cockhead and shaft. Coming out of his slumber, he looks down to see her stroking his glistening cock. It was more than a daydream, as she runs her tongue thru the slit of the head scooping up his precum. She moves towards his face, gives him a light kiss and whispers, "the time is near lover, let's make sure we are ready for Roger, and afterward, I will provide you with further stimulation and reward."

The doorbell signals the start of the game for day three of Robin's adult camp games. As she makes her way towards the door, she is confident day three will match and exceed the first two days. Her black yoga pants and pink yoga bra accentuate her body; her hair is tied in a bun with just the right amount of eyeliner and mascara. Underneath lies a surprise and the idea for a new yoga class for Roger and Robin to discuss and one that is sure to be a hit with many of Roger's customers.

Opening the door, Robin greets Roger and invites him in and leads the way to her studio. The body underneath the yoga outfit has drawn the attention of Roger. She has made sure to stay in front of him as they make their way to the studio. He compliments her house and how yoga seems to have been very good for her. 

As they enter the studio, she turns to face Roger and tells him it appears to have been very good for you as well, while licking her lips with her tongue and looking at his physique. He feels a slight twinge in his groin, noticing her body and lips. Let's do a warm up, while I tell you my idea for growing your clientele, she says.

As they go through muscle limbering exercises, Chris ensures the camera positioning and microphone are calibrated. He is wearing the speedo Robin gave to him earlier in the day, and can feel his cock hardening anticipating the show she is about to give.

Upon completion of their warm-up, they are sitting on the floor across from each other. Roger asks Robin for her plan to increase his business volume. She tells him it entails helping couples learn how to use yoga to increase their sexual lives and to increase their wellness at the same time. We will name the class Yoga Marriage Encounter Counseling. You and I will be the instructors and models. The sessions will be private and start at $1,000 per session, $2,500 paid up front before the end of the first session for a one on one session with an instructor and $5,000 for eighteen sessions a year with an instructor or another member of the Marriage Encounter class.

We will cap membership at 10 couples for the first year. The membership qualifications will include meeting certain physical standards. For men; a minimum 40-inch chest and maximum 32-inch waist, muscle definition and a minimum cock length of seven inches. For women; a minimum 34-inch chest, maximum 24-inch waist, defined legs and the ability to master the Standing Straddle Forward Bend pose.

Roger is speechless after hearing her business plan. She smiles whispering, since you have not said no, I will take that as a positive to move forward. The next step is to make sure we meet the criteria. Robin says she will go first, stripping off her yoga outfit to reveal a tiny string bikini, top and bottoms. They barely cover her nipples and the lips of her opening. She reaches for the measuring tape and asks him to measure her chest. He moves around her back, wrapping his large arms around her front with the tape, calling out 35 inches for her chest and 22 inches for her waist. As he moves away, she runs her hands down the front of this body. His cock is pulsing, growing larger.

Roger laughs and asks her to show him the pose, and she immediately assumes the Standing Straddle Forward Bend pose. This pose exposes the definition in Robin's legs.

You meet the member requirements, he says. How soon can we start the recruitment process? She looks up with her beautiful smile stating all men are alike, no patience and they like to be in control. Before we start anything, I need to measure you. So, take off your shirt and pants. Roger is the one smiling now, peeling off his shirt and shorts. The sight she has been anticipating rewards Robin, he has a light covering of brown manicured hair on his chest, pecs and six-pack abs, and the classic hairline running into his briefs. The low-rise body glove briefs are holding his impressive package. 

She grabs the measuring tape and moves to the front of Roger. As she puts the cloth behind his back and brings it forward she lightly tongues his nipples, and completes the measurement, 46 inches. She moves to his waist by running her fingers down the classic hairline, and kissing just above his navel, completing the measurement, she whispers 32 inches. 

She puts the tape around her neck and squats in front of him, while running her hands up the inside of each leg. He tells her there is no need to measure, and she states she needs to make sure; she has selected the correct business partner, while kissing the front of his black pouch. She cannot wait to see if he qualifies. Before pulling the pouch down his muscular legs, she stands up and does a slow strip tease. 

She removes her top, and he sees her nipples standing at attention, next she wiggles out of her string bottom. Finally she sits on the table in front of Roger and gets into that Upward Facing Open Angle pose. This positions her wonderful ass on the table, as she holds her legs at each ankle. Her petals are blooming and he notices some moisture leaking onto each petal of her opening. 

As her breathing increases she tells him to remove his briefs. Roger decides to take his time as he slowly slides the fabric down each leg, while turning away from her. She sees his muscular gluts, and moves from the table. Approaching him from behind, she runs her white tipped nails up his backside and down the front, kissing down his back. She slowly turns his body to face her and into view comes his growing shaft and large balls, clean-shaven with a small pearl of pre-cum appearing on the large head.

Slowly and feather like she runs her left hand across the large shaft stroking it several times, while whispering I want to ensure I get the correct measurement. He is mesmerized by her actions and can feel his cum moving up his shaft. He wants to feel her mouth and vaginal tunnel hug his large shaft. She lays the tape on his shaft whispering nine and three, quarters. Dropping the tape, she runs a finger through her dripping opening and smears the liquid on to his shaft. She runs a finger though the oozing slit of the large cockhead and mixes his juice with hers to use as a lubricant to provide a hand job. 

Roger lets out a low moan. Robin kisses the head and sucks more juice from the slit. Laughing she asks, will it grow larger with more stimulation. Maybe thicker but not longer he moans. Stepping back, she states this is a simulation of the initial lesson with our new clientele. At this point, we will ask the clients if they want a one on one session with one of the instructors. This is where we tell them it is $2,500 per instructor, and they can take turns watching their partner, while the other partner views the scene. If they agree to be taped, we will provide them royalties to the number of hits on the paid website.

So, are you in agreement Roger, as Robin licks his large shaft hoping to increase the circumference. He moans yes, but first he needs to taste her juices. He lifts her off the ground and places her on the edge of the table moving her into the Upward Facing Open Angle pose. As she enters the pose, he moves forward running his large hands and fingers down her legs. He stops short of her dripping opening and reverses direction, using the same technique for a couple of minutes. Finally, he moves his hands to her opening and runs a finger up her open slit, as she shudders.

He moves lower and extends his tongue to touch the petals of her open flower, sliding his tongue deeper into her opening she struggles to keep her legs spread. She lets go and plants her feet on the table. He has taken control of the situation. He tells her the next pose should be a Downward Dog and helps her into the pose lapping at her open cunt with his tongue, knowing she is close to orgasm. 

Meanwhile, Chris is having a hard time watching the action, as his cock needs some relief. He is leaking precum and a spot is growing on his shorts. He knows he will receive his reward after the show. 

Robin has lost control of this Camp Game, game three. The first two games she controlled. Roger is more than she imagined, strong, silent and he has her in a near constant state of euphoria. He continues to use his tongue to work over her nub, as she nears orgasm, he avoids it and works his hands on her breasts, teasing her opening with the tip of his cock. As she calms down he starts work with his tongue on her nub again, this time he will continue his assault until she orgasms. 

On screen, Chris watches the beautiful blonde being worked over by this older stud. The scene is highly erotic, Robin with her tan hard body in a sheen of sweat, light blonde body hair visible in the right spots; including the small landing strip buzzed to an 1/8 inch. She screams, shakes and orgasms from Roger's relentless oral attack on her flower and clit. 

Believing this is her time to relax and bask in the feelings she is experiencing, she rolls on to her back, and closes her eyes. Roger moves to her ear and whispers, it is time for your massage. However, it is important to keep your eyes closed until I tell you to open them. She whispers in agreement, and feels his large arms pick her up and move her to the massage table.
