 I wrote this a number of years ago but it has never been posted to Literotica and I thought a cleaned up version would be a good contribution.

When I was a lad, our family joined up with a number of other families and rented a boy's camp for two weeks in August, after the camp had closed for the summer. We called it "Camp Happy Landings" - a silly name, but fun. Our family started going when I was about 9 and by the time I was 18 I had known most of the other kids for years, although in some cases I only saw them for a couple of weeks a year. We knew all the other kids and adults, but we rarely if ever saw them outside of the camp. This once-a-year pattern made the whole camp seem a little dreamlike. It made everyone in the camp relax even more than they might normally do. 

The camp consisted of about 15 cabins scattered about 20-30 yards apart in a ponderosa pine grove on a bluff overlooking a tributary of the Feather River. Each of the parents had a cabin of their own and the kids were parceled into the remaining cabins, teenage girls in one, teenage boys in another and so on. There was a communal lodge as well as a men and women's restroom with showers – though hot water was always a little short. 

Naturally, over the years I had grown a lot - from a weenie little kid who delighted in playing hearts and Ping-Pong to a typical teenage boy fascinated with the opposite sex. And there were some very attractive girls at the camp. Those girls that had been gawky and icky when I was younger had developed into some very fine foxes that sent my adolescent thoughts into a tailspin sometimes at the beach. 

There were three that were particularly attractive: Donna, Millie, and Suzy. Donna was very tall. Her father was almost 7 feet tall and even in her late teens she was 6' 1", overtopping my height by three inches. Her legs were long and trim, her ass a curvy delight. She had large breasts, but on her they didn't seem over-large. Her hair was long and brown and her eyes were very dark brown as well. She had a great sense of humor and no fear of anything. 

Millie was very curvy, maybe 5'5", not overweight, but every part of her seemed curved. She had the best set of tits in the camp, complete with some fine looking nipples when she came out of the cold creek water. She was relatively quiet, but I knew she could be fiery and impetuous when she wanted to be. Like Donna, she was 19, a year older than I. 

Suzy was in many ways my favorite. She and I were the same ages, just turned 18, and had been buddies since we were 9. Now that we were older and interested in the opposite sex, our relationship had changed somewhat. We were still buddies, but we couldn't sometimes figure out if we should be just friends or more than friends. We had "shown each other our stuff" when were younger and still laughed about that. The previous summer we had flirted with each other and even kissed and fondled each other, though we both had been a little relieved at the end of camp. She was a little shorter than Millie was and less curved, but had a nice pair of breasts and a slim tanned body that called out for touching. Her blond hair set off her bright blue eyes and quick smile. 

But this year seemed different. The girls were positively sexy and I even got the impression that they thought that I was sexy too. Sometimes their conversation altered when I came by and they giggled and gave me the long eye. To tell the truth, I fantasized about their naked bodies and when I heard them in the women's shower room I sometimes had to move quickly to cover my rapidly developing hard-on. 

During the evening, the adults would sit around a play bridge and other card games while they drank and yakked. We kids would sometimes go into the nearby town for a movie or just hang out and yak. As we got older our entertainment got a little wilder. When we approached teenager-hood we developed the habit of telling each other dirty jokes, each struggling to come up with the funniest and/or raunchiest. The previous summer both Donna and I had brought up a few joints and we had all surreptitiously smoked them down near the creek at night, which led to some subsequent heavy ice cream consumption back at the camp as well as some pretty wild joke sessions. This summer I had brought up a nice lid of some really fine Panama Red. 

The second night Donna, Millie, Suzie and I smoked a very nice joint. The other teenage girl and guy were too straight to participate, so they stayed back at the lodge to play hearts, for crissake. Afterwards, it was getting pretty cool, the camp being at about 5000', so we giggled our way back to the lodge and had some ice cream. Then the girls headed back to their cabin. There were about 15 cabins, each holding four people although the girls only had three in theirs. I had to share mine with two younger boys and a straight-arrow dude my own age. 

The next night we went in to the town to a movie and afterwards hung out at the lodge for a while, then Donna gave me a nudge and whispered that she and her cabin-mates were going back to their cabin to "smoke something". Did I want to come? Sure did, so a couple minutes after they said goodnight I left the lodge and circuitously made my way to the girl's cabin. I found them sitting on the porch of the cabin, which was actually just a very broad pair of steps in front of the door. Donna and Millie were sitting on either side of the door, leaning against the cabin, while Suzie was sitting on the lower step. I sat down between Donna and Millie. Donna quickly produced a joint and lit it. We quietly smoked it and it tasted so fine! After we finished we sat there staring at the sky, which was ablaze with stars. 

Unfortunately, it was also getting chilly. I was wearing a down vest, but the girls were just wearing sweatshirts. Donna said, "Ooh, the stars look great, but it's chilly out here." And then she scooted over against me and stuck her arm under my vest. 

"Oh, but you're nice and toasty!" Millie laughed and scooted over too and did the same thing. I now had two attractive girls snuggling against me with their hands and arms under my vest. 

"Well," I said, slightly nervously "Make yourselves at home, why don't you?" 

"Oh, I knew you wouldn't mind!" laughed Donna. 

"Hey, how come I'm left out of the fun?" asked Suzie, and she slid back on the step and leaned back with her back between my legs and ended up with her head leaning against my stomach. 

"Well, this is certainly warmer," I laughed. Not only was it warmer, it was rather exciting. I could smell the faint soap and shampoo of the girls. I could also feel Donna's breast nudging my arm. If they didn't stop wriggling around, I might start getting a hard-on and that could get embarrassing! 

"Don't complain," giggled Millie "I bet you're loving it. How many boys get 3 gorgeous chicks snuggling with him?" 

"I'll bet he's loving it," chuckled Donna, "I'll bet he's getting a hard-on, aren't you?" Fact was, by this time, Donna and Millie had snuggled inside my arms, so that my arms were effectively on their shoulders and I was getting a hard-on, but I didn't want them knowing that. But then I suddenly felt Donna's hand sliding across my stomach slowly, then sliding down. 

"Hey!" I exclaimed. "What are you doing? Stop that!" 

Donna laughed and replied impishly "Oh, just a little research." And then her hand slid down onto my stiffening cock and gave it a testing squeeze. 

"Oh yeah!" exclaimed Donna. "He's hard!" 

"Really?" queried Millie. And then before I could do anything I felt HER hand slide over and give my cock a squeeze. By this time I was hard as a rock - these girls were crazy! 

"Is he really?", asked Suzie as she sat up and half-turned. "Why you randy stud!" And SHE put her hand on my crotch and squeezed. Jesus Christ! I struggled to get up and Donna laughed and put a restraining hand on my chest. 

"Relax, big fella. We're not going to rape you! Though... " she murmured. "From the feel it might be fun!" And she reached down gave it another squeeze and leaned over and kissed me on the lips, her tongue flicking between my lips, soft and warm. Well, it was exciting, but I was rather startled too, and I struggled to get up. They laughed and got up too. Over in the camp compound some adults appeared, walking home from the lodge and it was clearly time to go. 

"Goodnight stud", chuckled Donna and Millie as they tuned towards the door. 

"Good night", I husked out, still rather off-balance. 

Then Suzie stepped close to me and said softly. "Good night stud", and turned her face up and kissed me. As she did so she pressed close and I felt her breasts pressing against me and again I felt her hand on my crotch, sliding up and down on the outside of my jeans. Our tongues were warm and soft. My turn, I thought, and brought my hand up and cupped her right breast, rolling my thumb across the tip where I could feel the nipple harden. She sighed, then leaned back, her eyes sparkling in the starlight and gave my hard-on one last squeeze. 

"Night stud, see you tomorrow..." she whispered and turned into the cabin. As I walked away, my cock throbbing, I could hear them giggling in the cabin. Wow! 

The next morning, I was still shaking my head, unable to believe that it hadn't been a dream. But when I got to the communal breakfast, Donna and Millie had slept in but Suzie was there and winked at me, her gaze dropping briefly to my crotch. Jesus! What was with these girls? Most of the rest of the day I didn't see any of them. I went on a hike with some of the other people in the camp and it wasn't 'til mid-afternoon that I ran into Suzy, Donna and Millie again. We had gotten back from the hike and we were all rather hot, so we trooped down to the creek for a swim. 

The creek was a tributary of the Feather River and was a fairly large stream where it went by the camp. At the camp "beach" it was about 50 feet wide and 6 or 8 feet deep, flowing slowly before it went into the rapids downstream. The rapids were not dangerous, but were a lot of fun to shoot on inner tubes. Upstream from the "beach" was an even deeper swimming hole with a rope swing on a tree and a small, steep cliff about 15 feet high one could jump off into the deeper water (maybe 10 feet). This area was about 100 yards upstream from the beach where the adults hung out. Due to its distance from the adults and the deeper water, which kept away the small fry, the teenagers preferred it. Also near the adult's beach was the "raft", which consisted of two 4x8 sheets of plywood nailed to 2x10 boards and floated on some 55-gallon drums. The result was an 8x8 foot raft that was reasonably stable and nice to swim to and hang out on. There were usually a couple of towels lying on it to keep the splinters at bay. 

When I got to the teen's area, Donna, Millie and Suzie were floating around in inner tubes and chatting. I dove in and swam over. Donna was wearing a leopard-skin patterned bikini that showed off her awesome figure. One could easily see her nipples thrusting out against the top. Her long, tanned legs hung over the edge of the tube into the cool water of the creek. Millie was wearing a pink two-piece that was a little short of a bikini but still looked damn nice and her nipples, too, could be seen against her top. Only Suzie was wearing a one-piece but it had, for the time, a fairly daring scoop neck and high-cut hips. 

"Well", said Donna. "If it isn't the stud himself!" I thought that perhaps it was time for me to assert myself a little, so I said "Well, you better watch those comments, being in the position you are." and I reached underneath her inner tubs and gently pinched her ass through her bikini bottom. 

"Hey, watch it, bud!" she warned. 

"Watch what?" I asked innocently, and then reached under again to give her ass a gentle, full-handed squeeze. 

"You might be biting off more that you can handle!" she warned again. 

"Oh, really?" I said, and quick as thought, I grabbed the edge of her tube and pushed it way down, effectively tumbling her out of it and into the stream. 

"Oh, you bastard!" she spluttered, when she came to the surface, the water streaming off her hair and shoulders. "Now you're in for it!" And she struck out for me, but I was back-pedaling away as fast as I could go. I turned and swam for the far bank, which was about 25 feet away, diving down as I did so. As I swam through the cold, clear water I looked back over my shoulder to see Donna in hot pursuit, the water streaming her hair back, looking very Tarzana-of-the-jungle in her leopard-skin bikini. I came to the surface laughing near the bank, where a huge boulder lay about 4 or 5 feet below the surface and allowed one to stand and still be up to one's neck in the water. 

"You rat!" exclaimed Donna as she swam up and landed on the boulder beside me. We were both up to our shoulders in the water, so only our heads showed. Millie and Suzie were about 20 feet away, still in their tubes, laughing. "I was nice and warm and now look!" 

I did look, which was very enjoyable, as the swim had gotten both of us puffing and her breasts were rising and falling with each breath, the cool water had made her nipples stand up even more and the overall effect was very sexy. Fortunately, the cool water of the stream kept nature at bay. 

"What are you looking at, stud?" she asked, mock angrily. 

"What do you think?" I asked. "Especially after last night?" 

"Well, don't let it go to your head" she replied, laughing. "Or ...down there!" And with that she quickly reached down to the sides of my suit, grabbed the waistband, and pulled my suit down to my knees, exposing my genitals to the cool water. 

"Aargh, damn you Donna!" I bent down in the water, falling down and off the boulder into the deeper water, doubled over, trying to pull my suit up. I saw Donna hanging underwater watching me and laughing. I got my suit up and took off after her. She raced away and I chased her across the stream. Whether I was just faster that day or she let me, I don't know, but I caught up with her about midway across the stream. She was still swimming away, that beautiful ass and thighs right ahead of me as I caught up. Tit for tat, I thought as I reached her and grabbed her waist. Her warm firm skin felt wonderful in my hands. She slowed down and then tried to wriggle free, but I just hooked my fingers under the waist of her bottoms, expecting that she would then stop. Instead, to my amazement, she wriggled again and shot forward, leaving me hanging in the water, holding the bottom of her bikini! Well, I couldn't believe it, but I wasn't going to miss this chance either. I ducked under the water and swam after her as she continued across the stream. She must have known, had to know, that she was naked from the waist down, but she didn't let it stop her. I swam after her, marveling at her gorgeous ass, the dark flash of her pussy visible as she stroked along. Then she got in the lee of the cliff, in the dark, cool water below the cliff and turned. I stopped too, about 6 feet from her. Her breasts were heaving even more now, and through the clear water I could see the sweet dark, inviting triangle of her pussy. She smiled wolfishly and stroked over to me, then swept the bottoms out of my hand. 

"Enjoying yourself?" she asked. 

"Absolutely!" I laughed. And she laughed too. Then without any apparent concern she floated onto her back in the water and pulled her bottoms back on, but as she did so I had a fantastic view through the water of her pussy, the lips clearly visible and inviting. Well, cool water or no, this was too much for my young libido and by this time I had another hard on. Donna sensed this if not saw it and once she had her bottoms on she swam over again and reached down under the water and squeezed my hard on. 

"Well, we're quite excitable aren't we, young man?" 

"You bet," I said, lowering my voice, which I knew carried well across the water, "especially when foxy young women flash their pussy in front of me!" She gave me this enigmatic grin, released my cock and swam back over to where Millie and Suzie were still floating. I swam down to the parent's beach, got a tube and floated back to where the girls were hanging out and whispering among themselves. Millie and Suzie were looking a little surprised at Donna, but little was said from then on and we just floated and chatted for a while. I had one of the big truck tubes, which weren't as good because they were wide across with narrow tubes and your butt hung down in the water, but I was tired and just lazed in the sun. 

I slowly dozed off, lazing along and didn't pay any attention to the girls. This turned out to be a mistake. I was half-asleep about a half hour later, when I suddenly felt a pair of hands grab my suit from below, pull it down, and then my tube was tilted up and over. I ended up under the water, my suit partially pulled down. I looked around and saw the three girls swimming around and laughing. Pulling my suit up with one hand, I swam for the nearest, who happened to by Millie. She saw me coming and turned to swim away, but I was faster than she expected and reached out to grab the back of her bottoms. Just as I was about to grab her, a hand came and caught the back of my suit, pulling it down again. I whirled and saw Suzie laughing and swimming away. As I turned to chase her, Donna appeared and grabbed the back of my suit and pulled it down further. I was getting pissed by this time and whirled to chase Donna. I didn't even bother to pull up my suit, which was below my balls, my cock floating free (but not erect). Donna managed to swim away, but I caught up with Millie who was swimming away under water. I reached out to grab her bottoms, but instead my hand caught the strap of her top across her back and as she swam away, my pull apparently unsnapped it for it came free and floated off into the water. I wasn't holding onto it and it just floated there in the water, pink and rippling. Millie whirled around to get it back and I was treated to the captivating sight of her gorgeous breasts, the nipples pink against the white of her skin, the tan-lines clear, the nipples thrusting upwards. Millie grabbed her top and then hung there in the water for a moment, her breasts swaying in the blue-green water, her eyes traveled down to my crotch where my cock was still exposed, and now, with another half-naked girl in front of me, was beginning to come to attention. I reached down and began to pull up my suit and as I looked up I saw Millie pulled her top over her breasts and reaching behind her to fasten the snaps. As our eyes met, she smiled slowly and so did I. Damn, I thought, these girls are crazy! What's next? 

After she put her top back on, Millie swam with the other girls over to the edge of the stream and got out, still laughing. I floated in the middle of the stream, treading water as they gathered up their things, slung their towels over their shoulders and started up the trail. As they climbed up the steep trail, they waved to me, laughing and I watched them go. Though they were in their suits, in my mind's eye I was substituting what I had seen in the water and they were climbing the trail nude. Damn! This was exciting! 

Eventually, I climbed out too and made my way back to the camp, had a shower and hung out around the lodge waiting for dinner. The girls didn't appear until dinnertime and sat by themselves while I sat with my parents and chatted. After dinner they disappeared again, to my disappointment. I hung out and played some Ping-Pong, read and basically goofed off for a couple of hours. Then the adults roped me into playing bridge with them, as they were short- handed since some of the adults had gone into town. I played with them for about an hour or so, then, while I was dummy, I went into the kitchen to get some ice cream. 
