 Oops, I thought, Donna is going to be pissed! And she was. I did the morning chores and during breakfast Donna, Millie, and Suzie came in. Millie and Suzie gave me good mornings, but Donna's was a bit dark. After breakfast she met me on the porch and we walked out by the flagpole, away from the parents on the porch having coffee. 

She looked at me and asked, "So where were you last night, eh?" 

"Uh, I fell asleep?" 

"I knew it, damn Millie and Suzie! But I guess that's OK, I'm sure you need to rest sometime, but you are MINE tonight young man!" she said with a mock severity, the mischievous twinkle in her eyes belying her expression. 

I laughed and we went to join the others who were getting ready to go water skiing. About 8 of us went water-skiing, including Donna, Suzie, and myself. Millie said she wasn't interested. The skiing was on a lake about an hour away. We took two cars and on the way down, I sat between Donna and Suzie -- very nice, but a little frustrating, as I wanted to put my arms around them, but couldn't with two adults in the front seat. We were all in our suits, so their warm legs against me felt very nice. It was also nice to look aside at them, the sweet curve of their breasts as the curved into the tops of their suits was so enticing. It's amazing how partial concealment is sometimes more erotic than total revelation. 

After a while we got to the lake. We skied for a couple of hours and then had a picnic on a small island in the lake. Both Lisa and her sister, Mrs. Schiller, were there. Lisa attracted a lot of admiring gazes in her lime-green bikini. Watching Lisa, Mrs. Schiller, Suzie and Donna moving around clad only in brief swimsuits was heady stuff! After lunch we skied again. After about an hour, Lisa was skiing when she took a large fall. We circled around in the boat and she waved at us, yelling something. 

"Oh, wow," I said, standing next to Donna, "she's lost her top." And that was indeed the case. In the fall the top of her bikini had come off and now was nowhere to be seen. We cruised up with the boat and Lisa was struggling a bit, trying to both tread water and hold one hand over her tits. She was not entirely successful, which all the men noticed with pleasure. However, being noble, I grabbed my T-shirt and threw it to her. She said thanks and then ducked under the water and struggled into it. As she did so, I tried not to stare, but she DID have a very fine pair of tits. Then she climbed back into the boat and thanked me for the loan of the shirt. 

"No problem," I said. "My pleasure." Which was true, especially as the wet T-shirt didn't really hide too much -- talk about a wet T-shirt contest! There wouldn't be a contest if she were there. Her breasts were full, beautifully rounded with large firm nipples. Through the wet, semi- transparent white material of the shirt one could clearly detect the areolas as well. She seemed to realize the double-entendre of my comment, but her only response was a smile and, I thought, a quick glance down at my crotch. I was wearing my Speedo that day which, like most Speedoes, doesn't hide much (a fact which Suzie and Donna pointed out to me a couple of times with grins). 

As we got going again, Donna was sitting next to me and she leaned close to my ear (which was necessary anyway due to the noise of the engine) with her hand on my thigh and said "Nice pair she has, eh? Such a gentlemen! I'm surprised you haven't got a big boner for her." 

I leaned close to her ear and said, "Why, Donna, you sound jealous!" 

"Me, jealous?!" was Donna's reply. 

I saw her talking to Suzie soon after this and they apparently decided to start playing a little game with me as the goat. Every time they could, when nobody was looking, they would goose me, or squeeze my ass, or lean close and make suggestive comments like "How is that big beautiful cock of yours, is it nice and hard yet?" The object apparently was to make me develop an erection, which would of course be very obvious in the Speedo. And damn they were good at it! When everyone turned to watch someone skiing, Donna would reach back and squeeze my cock through the suit or fondle my balls. 

It was very difficult NOT to start getting hard -- especially with Donna, Suzie, Lisa and her sister Karen all in the boat in skimpy bikinis or wet T-shirts. Once Suzie was so effective while we were stopped and everyone else was helping Lisa back in the boat that she gave me a major hard-on before I realized what she was doing. Everyone was watching Lisa, while I held the wheel. The wheel was amidships, with a Plexiglas shield to ward off the wind and spray. I was turned, watching everyone at the back at the steps helping Lisa. Karen and Donna were leaning over helping out, which gave me an erotic view of their barely clad bottoms, while Lisa was climbing up, dripping wet, the wet T-shirt virtually transparent, the water streaming off her erect nipples. I'll confess this was causing my cock to rise to attention anyway when, before I knew what she was doing, Suzie had slipped her hand in my suit and stroked my cock with her hand. This produced a major hard-on and I had to fall over the side into the water so the cool water of the lake could bring my raging cock back under control. Suzie was laughing so hard! I saw Lisa and Karen watching us with amusement a couple of times, but I didn't think (hoped!) that they weren't aware of what the girls were doing. Suzie and Donna thought this was hilarious, of course and I vowed to find some way to get even. 

Nothing presented itself, though and eventually we went back to the dock. While we were at the dock Lisa took a moment in the restroom and changed back to her own shirt. She handed me mine, but it was still wet since she had (to the men's delight) continued skiing in it, keeping the shirt nicely wet and semi-transparent. I shrugged, not needing it since I was still warm, and climbed into the back of the car, shirtless. To my pleasure, and Donna's apparent annoyance, I ended up sitting between Donna and Lisa, with Suzie and one of the dads in the front seat. Again, it was a very pleasant trip, especially as Donna was still only in her bikini and Lisa was wearing only her bikini bottoms and a light cotton shirt, which was partially unbuttoned. Being between them gave me some very exhilarating views. I swear that Donna had somehow loosened her top because it rode so low on her tits that they were more than half exposed, with the tops of her areolas visible. Almost more exciting was that everyone had the windows open and it was quite windy in the car. This caused everything to blow around, including Lisa's blouse as well as Donna's top. Since Lisa's was partially unbuttoned, it would frequently billow out, giving me exhilarating views of her naked breasts. Her breasts were full and round, the nipples a warm brown and slightly erect. She didn't seem to notice (or perhaps she didn't mind) and I sure didn't mind! But Donna apparently did and resumed her little game. When Lisa would be looking out the window and the driver occupied talking to Suzie, she would reach over and squeeze and stroke my cock. Between the two sexy women, one of who was caressing my cock, it was essentially impossible to keep from getting a hard-on. I managed to snag a towel and keep it in my lap most of the time. 

But then Donna said, "Oh, can we put the towel under us? The seat feels scratchy." 

So I had to give up the towel and all three of us had to shift around stretching the towel over the seat. At one point Lisa ended up kneeling on the seat, tugging the towel over while I arched myself up, keeping my butt off the seat. Lisa's blouse was effectively completely open, so I had a marvelous view of both her tits, the nipples erect, the smooth sweep of her tan belly and the inviting curve towards her barely concealed pussy. Donna took this opportunity to reach over, slide her hand inside my suit and give my cock a couple of good strokes, tickling her fingers over the tip of my throbbing cock. By the time we sat back down, my cock was hard as rock and extremely obvious. I held my hands over my lap for a moment, then bent over and snagged a comic book off the floor and pretended to read it. If Lisa noticed anything, she didn't say anything. Donna was of course tremendously amused. 

When we finally got back to the camp, we broke up to shower and get ready for dinner. I stopped next to Donna for a minute and murmured, "You little wretch! You may have lost your turn tonight!" 

"Oh, no," she replied. "Don't even think of it -- I don't know why you didn't whip it out and show her what you got -- she probably would have liked it. I saw her checking you out -- why do you think she kept letting you look down her blouse? And I'm pretty sure she did see your nice big erection anyway! I saw her looking right at it a couple of times." 

She left me speechless as she walked away, that beautiful ass swaying sexily. Well, I managed to get the through the dinner and then Donna, Millie Suzie and I went down by the creek for a quick joint about 11 o'clock. As nobody was around, each of the girls took the opportunity for a little kissing and fondling -- with the usual result -- a throbbing hard on. 

"Save that for me, lover," said Donna as she and the other two made their way back up the path and I sat on a boulder to enjoy the night and let my cock subside. 

After a while I went up just in time to see Donna and Suzie bid goodnight to everybody, saying how tired they were from skiing and head off to their cabin. We passed each other in the doorway of the lodge and as she passed Donna whispered "Don't dawdle to long stud, I'll be waiting..." 

Wow, I thought to myself, have I died and gone to heaven or what? By this time it was after midnight so I said goodnight myself and then went up and took a nice shower and headed for my cabin. But instead I circled around the camp on the old fisherman's trail until I was behind the girl's cabin. It was very dimly lit again. I climbed up on the porch and very gently scratched at the door. "Who is it?" a voice whispered. 

"It's me!" I replied. 

Then the door opened and Millie whispered "Come on in stud!" 

I stepped in and was immediately wrapped in an embrace by Millie, a warm, naked Millie! The feeling was wonderful! She kissed me deeply, our tongues warm and sensuous against each other. I ran my hand down to her sweet ass and caressed it, running my fingers along the delightful cleavage, the skin warm and silky. Then she reached down and pulled my shirt over my head, kissed me again while rubbing her tits across my chest and whispered, "Next!" She stepped back and Suzie was in my arms, a warm naked girl rubbing her firm breasts against my chest, her fingers running along my spine and down into my cutoffs to squeeze my ass. Then she stepped back a little and her fingers were at my waist, unfastening my cutoffs. She unsnapped them and slid down to her knees, pulling my cutoffs down to the floor, leaving me naked, with a throbbing hard on, in the semi-darkness. She ran her hands up and down my cock, and then stepped back. I looked across the cabin and saw that Donna was laying on her bed, splashed by the light of the moon, her breasts gorgeous in the silvery moonlight, her pussy a dark inviting triangle. I stepped over to her bed and she stood up smoothly and put her arms out and embraced me. She sighed and we kissed, very gently at first, my hands gently upon her shoulders. Then our passion increased and she pressed herself against me, her large firm breasts warm and inviting; gently rubbing herself against me. 

"I'm sorry we teased you so much today, I was a little jealous. And horny! I wanted you so much. I really wanted to suck your cock on the way to the lake. It was all I could think of. And then on the way back! With Lisa showing you her tits like that!" 

As she said this, she sank down until she was sitting on the bed, with me standing in front her, my cock waving stiffly. She gently stroked my cock and then bent her head and sucked on it. Just gently at first and then she suddenly sucked most of it into her mouth. 

"Oh, God," I moaned and my knees literally went weak. For the first time, I noticed Millie and Suzie, who were on Suzie's bed just a few feet away. Suzie was kneeling at the head of her bed, facing us, while Millie was reclining beside her; her legs spread invitingly, both of them still naked, unashamed of their nakedness. We were all becoming so free and uninhibited it was incredible! 

They too were lit by the silvery moon and I noticed how gorgeous they looked, Millie's full, round breasts, the dark, erect nipples, the inviting darkness beneath her spread legs, Suzie's smaller but delightful breasts, her firm thighs. They were both watching us raptly, their eyes sparkling in the moonlight. I didn't mind their watching us, enjoyed it in fact! I noticed that Millie had her hand around Suzie's waist and Suzie had her hand on Millie's knee. 

Then I didn't notice much else as Donna started slowly bobbing her head up and down on my cock in long, slow, firm strokes that caused me to groan again. Oh fuck it was good! I just rolled my head back and spread my legs, letting her work her magic. I reached out and stroked Donna's hair as she caressed my balls and ran her tongue up the underside of my cock. Then I opened my eyes wide as she swallowed nearly all my cock again. The pleasure, oh god! Then I noticed with a sort of remote amazement that Suzie and Millie were still watching us, but Suzie now had her hand not on Millie's thigh, but between Millie's legs, down in Millie's pussy! And her hand was moving, gently, rhythmically! And Millie's hand was no longer around Suzie's waist, but appeared to be caressing Suzie's ass and fingering Suzie's pussy from behind! 

Then I looked down at Donna again, who had apparently noticed my look and she paused for a moment to look over at the other two, grinned and turned back to my cock. Well, it was incredible, Donna was sucking my cock and I was watching Millie and Suzie fingering and caressing each other. They saw my gaze on them and they smiled devilishly. Millie was clearly finger-fucking Suzie and Suzie bent forward to give her better access, all the while looking at me as Donna sucked my cock. Suzie smiled and her eyes closed, her ass swaying as Millie stroked her pussy. Suzie's eyes were closed but there was this big smile on her face as she enjoyed Millie's attentions. Then Suzie turned to Millie and they began to kiss, obviously totally turned on and not new to this at all. Then Suzie bent and kissed Millie's breasts, first one and then the other. Millie rolled back on the bed and Suzie trailed her tongue down to Millie's cunt and began to lick and kiss between her legs. Millie opened her legs wide to give Suzie access and Suzie became more animated. I could see Millie's hand was still on Suzie's ass, stroking and fondling. Then Millie twisted her around and they slipped into a 69 position and really began to make love. 

I tore my eyes from them and turned back to Donna. She was bringing me close to coming and I didn't want to come yet. I pulled her up and off my cock, which she let slip out of her mouth with a sort of slurping sound. Then I gently forced her back onto the bed and began kissing her breasts, gently at first and then ravenously, sucking and nibbling. She moaned and writhed in my arms and then I slid down between her legs, stroking her thighs as I ran my tongue along her pussy. I ended up kneeling on the floor with her legs over my shoulders, my faced buried in her pussy. As I stroked Donna's thighs and ass, I licked her pussy and lapped at her clitoris. In my peripheral vision I could see Suzie and Millie in the midst of ecstatic love just a few feet away. Then I felt Donna bucking against me as she came. I kept licking and licking as she ground her pussy against my mouth. When she slowed down I rose up and crawled between her legs and began rubbing my cock against her pussy. After a couple of strokes my cock slid right into her hot wet pussy and buried itself to the hilt. We both sighed with pleasure and I began slowly rocking back and forth, my cock almost coming out and then plunging into the hilt. As we slowly rocked faster and faster, Donna was wrapping her legs around my waist and I was squeezing and stroking her ass. Over our noise, I could also hear panting and sighs from Suzie and Millie, which were definitely raising my excitement level! Donna and I rocked faster and faster, then slowed down, then built up again. Donna was making little cries every time my cock bottomed out and I realized she was about to come again. My cock began to stiffen with that exquisite pressure and then she suddenly thrust hard against me and I felt heat around my cock and sweat coming out all over her body as she came. This sensation caused me to go over the top too and I began spurting and rocketing inside her. I don't think I had ever come so hard! We were both just bucking and moaning. Afterwards I don't know how long we lay there, spent. I could hear all of us breathing, panting more like! 

"Oh, god," said Donna after a long time, "that was unbelievable!" 

"Amen," I said "I done think I died and went to heaven!" 

"Mmm," agreed Millie sleepily. 

I looked over towards Millie and Suzie, where they lay tangled on Suzie's bed. They were still lying head to toe where they had made love. "Um," I said, slowly "I guess, I didn't, uh, realize, um, that you two, well..." 

"Loved to make love to women?" asked Millie. "Absolutely! Ever since Donna seduced us last year..." 

"What!" I exclaimed. 

"Oh, yeah," said Donna, running her hand gently across my chest, "We all love kissing and fucking both guys and girls. I don't know about guys, but it's not that unusual for girls." 

"Really?" I responded. "I don't know about other guys, but I don't know any guys who do that. Maybe in ancient Greece, but..." 

"Well, we have, ever since that night when Donna got us into a group masturbation session and it sort of got out of control." 

"Yeah," said Suzie. "She was just going to show me a new way to get myself off and she did -- using her tongue!" 

"Wow..." was all I could say. The image of these girls sitting around naked, masturbating together, Donna saying she knew a new way, and then using her tongue... it was a very powerful image! This vacation was certainly full of revelations, to say the least! We lay there quietly for a while, then the cool of the cabin started to penetrate and Donna pulled the sleeping bag over us and snuggled against me. I saw Millie and Suzie do the same. I guess that we all dozed off then because it was much later when I re-awoke. The moonlight had moved all the way across the cabin and was shining on the opposite wall. There was an old dusty, cracked mirror there and it scattered the moonlight back in the room like a silver shower. Donna was lying spoon- fashion in front of me, her warm, firm body gently cupped against me. I lay there enjoying the wonder of it for a little while. Then I gently ran my hand along her side and whispered in her ear, "I think I'd better go now, my love, before Mr. Sun gets up."

She came sleepily awake and stretched against me, her warm full ass feeling delightful against me. 

"Must you? What time is it? Hey, I want every minute of my night! You don't have to go quite yet, do you?" 

And as she said this she began gently rubbing her ass against me, just like the first night, except this time we were both naked. The effect was the same though, as my happy member quickly became hard as a rock and I began reciprocating her motion. 

"Oh, yeah," she murmured, "That's nice..." 

It was beyond nice - it was exquisite. The feel of my cock sliding up and down along the cheeks of her ass, firm and soft, silky and hot was hard to describe. I ran my hand up onto her belly and up to cup her breast. I gently stoked it and felt the nipple grow hard under my fingers. She murmured and continued stroking my cock with her ass. She lifted her leg a bit, spreading her legs. The cover of the sleeping bag fell back, leaving us lying naked on top of it. The room was very cool, but the contrast between the air and our skin seemed to heighten the sensation. Donna reached back and stroked my hair as I ran my hand down from her breast and along her smooth, softly curved belly and into the tangle of curls between her legs. She sighed as I slipped my fingers inside her pussy lips and then ran one finger up and down between them. Her pussy was already warm and slick. I slid my finger inside and gently kneaded her clit and she pushed her ass harder against my cock. I slipped a second finger in. Her pussy was so hot and wet! I then slid a third finger in and slid all three up and down her pussy. Then I pulled my fingers out and brought them up and gently rubbed her nipple with my wet slippery fingers. She murmured again as I rubbed her juices around the surface of her breast. The moonlight reflected off the wetness, showing her breast as a shiny, warm mound with a dark, erect nipple. I repeated the process again, returning my fingers to her pussy and rubbing the juices over her breast. Then I did the same with her other breast. Donna loved it. She even grabbed my hand and sucked on my fingers, tasting her own pussy juices. 
