 At dinner, all three of the girls were very tired – Suzie had had a very long trail ride and complained that she was tired and sore. None of the girls indicated that they were awaiting a nighttime visit – which suited me as I could use a good night's sleep. But as she left the lodge Suzie gave me an eye so I discreetly followed her out. 

"I missed you a lot today," she said. "And I don't mean sexually." She was looking me in the eye as she said this. 

"I know what you mean," I replied slowly. "All this seems a bit out of control, you know? I won't say it isn't fun, but... I don't know. It just seems like, uh, sex, not love, you know?" 

"I know, I won't say it hasn't been fun and that I don't like sex," and she grinned, "but ... I really love making love to you." And she reached up and very tenderly stroked my cheek and kissed me very lightly and tenderly on the lips. "Good night, lover." She turned went up the hill towards her cabin, giving me a smile over her shoulder. 

So I went to be early, looking forward to a nice sleep. 

I did sleep for several hours, but as it turned out my clock was too screwed up for a simple solution. I came completely wide-awake sometime in the wee hours and couldn't get back to sleep. Too many nights with wee hour ramblings had toasted my sleep schedule. I also found I needed to pee. So I decided to go up and use the facilities. I slipped on a T-shirt and cutoffs and tramped up to the men's showers. I relieved myself and headed back for the boy's dorm. 

I considered walking down to the creek for a swim. Maybe Lisa would appear again, but probably not. Besides, the warm temperatures of the previous day had passed and it was quite cool. For a moment, I considered sneaking up to the girl's cabin and sleeping with Suzie, but I dropped the idea. I decided to go back and try to sleep. After the past few days, a bit of sleep seemed like a good idea. 

I walked down the path past towards the showers, carefully watching my step and trying to be quiet. I was completely taken by surprise, therefore, when a figure stepped out of the shadows. 

"Hi!" 

"Ohmigod!" I must have jumped a foot. 

"Sorry! Didn't mean to startle you." It was Lisa and in a second she was beside me, her hand around my waist. "I've been waiting for you. I'd hoped that you might come down this way. I know that must sound funny and kind of hopeful yet possessive – Jesus I talk too much! I just wanted to see you and ... fuck, I wanted to be close to you and feel your body again. Damn, I am having such a hard time saying anything! God, it was wonderful making love with you last night and I want to do it again. There, I said it! And it's true!" 

Well, I was a little taken a back, as you might imagine. On the other hand, after the last few days, nothing seemed bizarre. And having a beautiful, sexy woman tell you she wants to make love is something no man ignores! Even so, that little voice in the back of my head could be heard. But that ol' roller coaster was still rolling. 

"Uh, it was fantastic for me, too, Lisa," I whispered. "And I would love to make love to you too." The phrasing struck me as funny, but neither of us laughed. "But, um, I'm not sure. I mean, I can't exactly take you to my bunk and yours..." 

"I know," she said. "Come on, I know just the place." She took my hand and led me back towards the showers. I was a little bemused. Especially when she led me toward the women's showers. She led me to the door and on in. I had been in there only once before, when I had helped one of the parents repair some plumbing. I had been fascinated that time to see what the women's side looked like. The answer was, not much different. No urinals and more shelves, but otherwise the same. The only furniture, like the men's showers, were some 8-foot long benches, about a foot wide and 18 inches high. 

Lisa led me in and then turned and wrapped in me in an embrace. Her hands caressed me and her body felt so ripe and warm against me, I instantly responded. Her tongue speared through my lips and wrapped around my tongue in a frenzy of lust. I managed to regain control for a moment and whispered. "Lisa, is this safe? Jesus, what if someone comes? " 

"The only ones coming will be you and I, lover. Nobody comes at 3 or 4 AM. God, I want your cock in me!" And her body made this desire obvious. Her body was eloquent, singing a siren song of wanton sex. My body responded in kind, but I managed one more question. 

"But what If someone does come – besides us?" I was having trouble talking at this point as Lisa was pulling off my shirt and had started on my cutoffs. My cock was hard as an iron bar and begging for her grasp. 

"Don't worry, we'll be alone. But if we do hear somebody, duck into the shower, nobody will look there." This seemed kind of crazy, but I was beyond caring. Lisa had my clothes off and I was standing naked in the women's showers, my cock standing up like a throbbing horn as Lisa quickly pulled off her own clothes. There was only one feeble light in the area, a little 40-watt bulb in the entrance, so the faint yellow glow was all there was. But it was enough to show Lisa's incredible body as she dropped her clothes on the floor. The rich, ripe curves of her breasts, the large, stiffly erect nipples, the curve of her belly leading one's eye down into the exciting triangle between her legs. 

She turned towards the cubbyholes and produced a couple of towels, which she laid on one of the benches. Then she turned to me again and we embraced, our hands caressing, stroking, our lips kissing, licking. Our skins just craved contact. At times were simply rubbing our skins together and the sensation was making us both moan with desire. Then she pulled me over to the bench and pushed me back on it. I sat down and she sat on top of me, grinding that delicious pussy against my cock. I stroked and caressed her ass and pulled her towards me so I could kiss and lick her breasts. It was not neat and careful lovemaking - we were consumed! Then she pushed me back so I was lying on the bench and she straddled me. I reached up and cupped her breasts, stroking her nipples as she rolled her head back and moaned loudly. God help us if someone did come! We were making a ruckus! Then she bent forward and I kissed and sucked on her breasts until she was crying out and moaning. Then she slid forward and I reached out and brought her pussy to my lips. 

"Oh, God yes! O yes! Put your tongue there! O fuck yes!" I could feel her trembling with excitement as I lapped at her pussy, which she began rocking back and forth across my tongue. I could tell that she was about to come, when she slid down off my face and dragged her wet pussy deliciously down along my stomach and slid right down and onto my cock in one smooth movement. 

"Oh, Fuck!" I groaned aloud. Then she was rocking and rolling on me. Her feet were on the floor on both sides of the low bench. My feet were also on both sides, with my back and ass on the bench. Lisa was using her position with her feet on the floor to move her pussy on my cock in ways I hardly believed possible. God it felt so good! She would drive it down and grind against me with my cock-head bumping on the back of her vagina, then pull back until the cock-head was just feathering touch on her slit and clit, then she would gently move her hips in a slow oval with my cock head just touching her clit. Then she would repeat it again. Fast, then slow, the fast again, then she was driving herself fast and hard on my cock and then we were both coming in great waves, my cock spasming and rocketing inside her. Oh, god, it was unbelievable! Finally, we lay spent, both us warm and damp with sweat despite the cool air. We lay there what seemed like a long time. I gently stroked her back, running my fingers along the warm smooth hollow along her spine. 

Eventually, she began to move her hips rhythmically again and, to my surprise, I felt myself begin to become hard again. God, she stirred me! It was just at that moment that we heard the scrunch of a footstep. She rose up off me in an instant and then swung her leg off me. My cock slid out of her with a warm slick sound and slapped against my abdomen. 

"Quick!" she whispered. "Get into the shower and turn it on!" 

I ran to do so and saw out the corner of my eye that she was gathering the towels we had been lying on. I quickly turned the taps on, nut sure which was hot and which was cold. In any case, they both spewed cold water. It was a shock! I could feel my cock start to shrink immediately. I shrank back into the corner of the showers. There were 4 showerheads, two on each side, with a little wing-wall on each side to keep the water in. So to see in the showers from the main room, one had to take a couple of steps and turn the corner. Still, I was just barely hidden and the water was damn cold. I shrank back in the corner as far as I could go, but I was still being splashed. At this point, Lisa arrived and gasped when she stepped into the water. She backed out as though stung and reached in and twisted the knobs, trying to get it warmer. 

At this point, whoever was coming entered the other room. We heard her over the shower, but just barely. I guess whoever it was used the toilet as we didn't hear anything for a minute. Of course, my overheated brain was thinking this mystery woman was sneaking along the wall, trying to surprise us, but apparently it wasn't so. 

Suddenly, we heard a voice from the other room, "Lis – is that you in there?" 

It was Lisa's sister, Mrs. Schiller! I had noted that Lisa and her sister called each other by diminutives of their real names: "Lis" (pronounced "lease") and "Kar" (rhyming with care). 

"Yeah, Kar, it's me. I couldn't sleep, so I decided to come down and have a shower since I could count on getting some hot water." By this time the water had gotten hot and Lisa was standing in the warm stream as it spilled over her shoulders. She was facing towards the opening in the showers, while I still hunched into the corner. The light from the other room was dim, but there was enough light to see Lisa's amazingly sexy silhouette, with the water pouring over her naked body and wisps of steam rising up around us. I was leaning against the wall, which was very cold, and being splashed by the water, which was hot. The contrast was strangely exciting. And with a naked Lisa in the steam right in front of me, my cock began to revive, despite the presence of her sister. 

"Yeah," her sister said, who was apparently a few feet away around the corner, in the main room. Just far enough away not to get splashed. I hoped she didn't decide to join her sister. "I hear you. I'm finding it hard to sleep as well. I tell you, I am so horny I can hardly stand it!" I goggled a bit, hearing this, as I was not used to hearing the parents talk this way. But then as I had just been making love with one of the adults, it didn't surprise me all that much. Still, hearing her talk that way was still surprising. 

"I know," responded Lisa. "I get pretty horny too." 

"God, what I would give for a good fuck!" exclaimed Mrs. Schiller. "I am so tired of getting myself off!" 

Well, this bent to the conversation was pretty unreal to me and was having the effect of getting me more excited. I just couldn't keep my hands off Lisa. I reached out and gently ran my hand down along her spine, trailing my fingers down along the cleavage of her ass cheeks and gently cupping her sweet ass in my hand for a moment. She enjoyed this and I felt her thrust her ass into my hand. So I repeated the process, but used both hands the second time, gently kneading her firm, wet ass with my fingers. She wiggled her ass in my hands, obviously enjoying it. 

At the same time, she was saying to her sister, "Oh, yeah, there are few things better than feeling a good man's hands on your body!" She glanced over her shoulder with a grin at me as she said this. She also glanced down and saw my stiff boner and smiled some more. With her left hand she reached out and grasped my hot, wet cock and gently stroked it. 

"For sure," her sister was saying. "I'd love to feel a man making love to me right now." The trend of this conversation was rather funny as Lisa's sister was talking in general terms and Lisa was talking about me. I reached over and grabbed a bar of soap from the soap holder and began to rub the soap over Lisa's back, stroking and caressing her back and ass with my hands. 

"I know what you mean," said Lisa, as she moved closer to me, allowing me to get better access to her body. I ran my soapy hand up along her hips and over her left breast, gently stroking the nipple with my soapy fingers. The sensation was wonderful. "There are few things better than the feel of a good man's cock in your hand or between your legs." 

"Or between your lips!" said her sister, making me almost gasp again. 

"Oh, yeah, there too," agreed Lisa. I had rubbed the soap over my cock too so that she was now stroking my soapy cock. I resumed spreading the soap all over her back and ass and was having a wonderful time running my fingers and hands everywhere. 

"Well, there isn't that much scope at this place," her sister complained. "The men are all well-married and most of them not that attractive anyway. Now, that boy on the boat the other day, though. The one the girls were teasing. Do you really think he is balling the girls on the sly?" 

"Well, you know how teenage girls are – so horny. And he seems, er, um, seemed, pretty randy to me. And the way those girls were fondling him is pretty suggestive!" 

"You're probably right," Mrs. Schiller agreed. "I wouldn't mind trying him myself – he's a good looking young man and he has a real nice cock, from the looks of it!" 

"You're right about that," Lisa agreed, with a grin over shoulder at me. Well, this conversation was getting me pretty excited - not to mention caressing as soapy naked sexy woman in a hot shower. I continued caressing and stroking Lisa all over. I slipped my soapy hand down between her ass cheeks and stroked the inside of her thighs. Lisa gasped a little, but put one hand up on the door of the showers and leaned forward, allowing me more access. I moved a little closer and reached between her legs to run my fingers through her pussy. Despite all the warm water and soap, I could feel the slick, hot warmth of her pussy on my fingers. I ran my fingers all the way up through her pussy and up along the crack of her ass, teasing her anus a little on the way. She sagged a little as I did this, so I cupped her right ass cheek with my right hand as I did it again. I could see her stifle a moan. 

"Well, I think I'll go back and try to sleep," Lisa's sister said. 

"Good night, Kar. I'll be up in a bit." We heard, faintly, her sister's footsteps as she left. But to be honest, I was paying that much attention and I don't think Lisa was either. Lisa was pumping her soapy hand up and down on my cock as I was stroking her pussy and ass. I stroked down again and inserted one then two fingers in her pussy and begin gently finger-fucking her. She was rocking her hips back and forth on my fingers. My thumb was along her soapy ass and I began stroking it up and down along the crack of her ass, feeling it slide over her anus. She let go of my cock and leaned against the doorway, one hand on each side of the doorframe. Then I slipped my fingers farther into her pussy and heard her moan again as I slipped my slippery, soapy thumb into her ass. I began slowly fucking with my whole hand like that while caressing her ass with my other hand. After about a minute she began rocking and thrusting madly against my hand as she had another orgasm. As she began to subside, I removed my hand and slipped my hands to her hips as I stepped behind her. I bent my knees and brought my stiff, wet cock up underneath her crotch. Like sexual magic, it slid right into her pussy and Lisa and I both groaned in unison. 

"Oh, fuck, oh fuck," I managed to get out. Lisa didn't say anything, but began thrusting her ass back and down as I began thrusting forward, grinding our wet steamy bodies together. She was pushing off the doorframe while I was standing on the rough concrete floor. I was thrusting with all my strength, my whole being centered on my cock inside of her. She was much smaller than I so with each thrust I was practically lifting her off the floor. But she loved it. 

"Oh, yes, oh, yes, fuck me, oh god!" The sensations were beyond belief. The steam, our soapy bodies, the slurping smacking sounds of our hot, steamy flesh. Were both grunting like animals and moaning. My cock felt like it was about 2 feet long and hot. I thought I might split her with the force of my thrust, but she just kept thrusting back pushing off the door and moaning. Then I could feel my balls tightening and my cock-head swelling and then I began to come. I could feel my cum spurting into her. But I kept thrusting as I felt her pussy clamping around my cock with amazing force and this caused me to come again and again. Eventually, we stopped, gasping, panting, barely able to stand. Lisa was now holding onto the doorway to keep herself standing. I reached forward and wrapped my arms around her, holding her. We slowly stepped back into the shower and huddled together under the water. But by now the hot water was running out and the water was rapidly cooling. This brought us back to our senses and we quickly got out, dried each other and put our clothes on. I don't know about Lisa, but my fingers were trembling and I had difficulty buttoning my cutoffs. Lisa kissed me tenderly then I ducked out of the showers and around to the men's. From there I made my way back down to the boy's dorm and collapsed on my bunk without taking my clothes off. So much for a good night's sleep! 

The next morning the sun was streaming in by the time I woke up. I stretched and got up and trundled over to the lodge. Once again, I was too late for breakfast, but was able to snag a glass of milk and a sandwich. Nobody seemed around – or at least there was no sign of Lisa or the girls. To be honest, that was OK as I was getting a little tired of all the attention and could use some slack time. I put on my suit and ambled down to the creek. There weren't many people around and I just lazed around. I played with the kids for a while and then just dozed in one of the tubes. Eventually, I heard the cowbell ringing announcing lunch so I walked up the lodge. Donna and Millie weren't there, but Suzie was and she and I sat together for lunch. We had a really nice companionable time. I was so comfortable with her. As I said earlier, she was always my favorite and now that we had been so intimate we seemed even closer. Across the room I saw Lisa and she smiled at me briefly then turned to talk to her sister. Her sister looked at me too and I wondered what they might be saying. I recalled what her Mrs. Schiller had said last night. I shook my head again in wonder both what I had heard and what I had done. 

After lunch Suzie and I walked down the creek a little ways, talking, holding hands. 

"I missed you last night," she said. 

"I thought about coming up there, but I thought we needed a little quiet. This past week has been so crazy!" 

"Yeah, I know. I was totally zonked out all night. I didn't wake up at all. How did you sleep?" 

"Well, not as well as I had hoped." I replied slowly. As I hesitated she looked at me enquiringly, with one eyebrow lifted, the way she always did. I smiled sheepishly and after a moment, I began to tell her. I told her about the raft and the previous night. Her eyes grew big and she laughed in disbelief. 

She took both my hands in hers. "My God, no wonder you've looked so tired! The 24-hour-a-day Lothario! I thought you were trying to save yourself for me!" 
