 Sara approached her self imposed limitations rapidly. Her aggravating boss and coworkers were being even more annoying than usual today. Some days it seemed that the only one who knew how to use their wits and reasoning skills was herself. The day had only started 2 hours ago, but those two hours had been horrendous. The remainder of the workday crawled along incredibly slow; So she did her best, and just trudged through the necessary bull shit. As the clock struck 5:45 pm, she straightens up her desk and hurries out of the building like it was on fire. 

Sara climbs into her car dejectedly and closes her eyes as the door shuts behind her. She had been looking forward to quitting time since ten this morning. She starts the car and pulls out of the parking space carefully. It was now near six in the evening, and she headed straight home to try and scrub the stress away. Within a few minutes, she veers onto the highway and speeds towards her condo. 

A grateful smile spreads across her face as she pulls into her private garage and breathes a heavy sigh of relief. The day is now officially over, and it was time to let her hair down. Her neighborhood was quiet and filled with friendly people. Having grown up around here, she already knew everyone. She had inherited the condo from her now estranged parents when they had suddenly announced they were moving to Europe. So she jumped at the chance of finally owning her own place. 

She grabs her purse and walks to her condo. Unlocking the door quickly, she enters and throws her purse on the table in the foyer. Walking through the rooms, She turns on the lights. Making a quick stop in her kitchen and preparing herself a quick drink. Gingerly, she clasps the crystal glass filled with amber liquid and walks back into the front room. The soft glow of the lights creates a sense of peace over her, and a sudden urge to shed her confining business suit from her curvaceous figure. Strolling to the full-body mirror, she studies her creamy complexion and gentle curves. Many women only do this to find their flaws; Sara loves to admire her assets readily. She is 5 ft 7 and padded thickly at 275 lbs. Society, in general, labeled women like Sara as fat, but those standards hold no importance to her. She loves her large, fleshy tits, soft tummy, plump ass, and long, thick legs. Her long, dark hair thickly frames her chubby face, dark brown eyes that screams sex and lips that beg to be kissed completes the package. 

Already prepared for a long and hot soak, she heads to the bathroom to prepare a luxurious bubble bath. She had spent quite a bit of money for the large marble bath; including jets to stimulate the water, only because she rarely treated herself to anything luxurious. After getting the temperature of the water right and stopping up the tub, she pours a small amount of almond scented bubble bath under the running water. A few moments later, the thick layer of bubbles lure her. Sara carefully steps into the steaming, aromatic water and sinks her voluptuous body down. 

A sweet smile graces her plump lips as she runs her hands across her soft belly and up her sides. The hot water is already working its magic on her tense muscles. She leans her head back against the integrated cushion and allows her hands to cup her soft tits. Using her slightly chubby fingers, she teases her rose-colored nipples slowly. A soft moan of pleasure escapes her slightly parted lips. Almost mindlessly, she begins to move her hips slowly under the water. The warmth and movement of the water against her smooth pussy makes her body tremble. In her minds eye, she imagines her naughtiest fantasy. Just the thought of two men fucking her senseless, drives her hormones crazy. Not just any two men would do. She had just turned 31, but undoubtedly could not get enough of older men. Her imaginary lover was at least 50 years old and supremely confident about his advanced age. . They just seem to know what the hell they were doing without having to be coached. When she fucked, she wants to enjoy it; not teach. She had her sights on a couple of older guys here in the neighborhood, but had not had the opportunity to tease. 

Oh, she certainly knew them, having went to school with their daughters and all, but had never gotten any one on one time with them. Not from lack of trying either. Senior year, She had tried her hardest to get David alone, but his damn daughter kept pulling her away and back to the party. Michael damn near had seen her naked once. She had stayed the night with his daughter, and had strategically woken early to shower. As she finished rinsing the soap from her body, Michael had walked into the bathroom but had quickly left when he had noticed the water running. 

David was only 51 but had an air of magnetic energy about him. It did not hurt that he was incredibly hot, either. He stood 6 ft 2 with a slim build but you could tell he was not weak, short, slightly graying, brown hair, and the sexiest blue eyes she had ever seen in her life. Michael was almost the complete opposite but just as incredibly tempting to her. He was 54, and 5 ft 9 with a soft body like a big, ole teddy bear, shaggy blonde hair that fell just below his jaw, and crystal clear green eyes. She loved to fantasize about them, and how powerful their cocks would be. Would she be able to deep throat them? How much cum could she coax from their rods? 

Sara groans as the visuals flood her mind. The idea of their work roughened hands on her soft skin sent jolts of arousal through her body. Her hand slowly works its way down her body to her plump pussy. Using her thumb, she rubs her protruding clit softly and slides two slick fingers deep into her creamy cunt. Her desperate need to cum overcomes all other thoughts and drives her fingers hard and fast into her velvety sheath. The water splashes over the sides of the tub as she pounds her pussy. Her intense orgasm surprises her and pulls a wild cry from her. Bracing her feet on the bottom of the tub, she lifts her hips up and out of the water only to shoot cum across the bubbles still floating atop the water. Sinking her rounded hips back under the water; she takes a minute to catch her breath. Gasping and struggling slightly to stand a few moments later, she finally makes it out of the tub. 

A soft, fluffy towel is immediately wrapped around her flushed body, and she heads to her bedroom to grab a silk robe. After slipping the purple silk robe around her still damp body, she quickly towel dries her hair. Not bothering to brush it yet, she goes to make herself a cup of tea spiked with some rum. After dropping a lemon flavored candy piece into the cup, she lifts the steaming cup to her mouth and just breathes in the pungent aroma deeply. She planned to just vegetate for the remainder of the evening, maybe pop in a porn later and have some fun with her toys. Carrying her mug, she heads to the front room and just as she was about to take a cautious sip, a knock sounds at her front door. 

The sudden sound startles her, almost causing her to spill the hot liquid down the front of her, but she quickly recovers and sets it on the table. Cautiously she heads to her front door, and glances out the peep hole to see who was there. A wide smile spreads across her face as she sees David and Michael standing on her doorstep talking quietly. 

Sara quickly glances down at her robe, and notices that the robe was clinging to her moist tits lovingly. Her achingly hard nipples stood out vividly against the thin material. Smiling wickedly, she answers the door. 

"Well, Hello there. What can I do for you?" she murmurs softly, her dark brown eyes slightly shuttered. 

Both, David and Michaels eyes widen and jaws drop a bit as they take in her attire. 

Michael coughs and utters quickly, " Oh yea, well, We are the heads of the neighborhood watch and just wanted to let you know there will be a meeting this Sunday evening at my house. Do you remember how to find my house?" 

Smiling, Sara steps back and invites the men in with a wave of her arm, "I need to write all of this down so I wont forget it. I will be there; you can never be too careful." 

She watches the two men whisper furiously between each other, smiling to herself. 

"It's ok, guys. I promise I do not bite. Well, unless you ask nicely that is." 

Their jaws drop a bit more, but they rush in and shut the door. They follow her as she leads them to the living room to grab a pad of paper and a pen. She hands them to David and walks to the couch. Almost by the grace of god, her robe fell open perfectly as she sat. The top gaped open drastically, barely covering her hard nipples, and the bottom split open as she crossed her thick thighs. The creamy skin of her thighs seemed to hypnotized the men. David drops the pad of paper and pen and did not even bother to pick them up. 

"So, I'm guessing you like what you are seeing, David and Michael." 

"Oh fuck, We are so sorry, Sara. We are old enough to be your daddy; I'm certain you must think we're perverted old guys." David mutters embarrassingly; averting his gaze quickly. 

"God, we should be shot for looking at you like that, Sara. I'm sorry as well." Michael whispers and turns his back to her quickly. 

She only smiles and stands up. 

"David and Michael, I have wanted nothing more than to have you two look at me like you just did. I love older men, and honestly, have fantasized about you two for years now." As her words trailed off, she slips the robe off and lets it pool on the floor. 

The complete and utter silence that fills the room is deafening; their lust filled eyes glued to her nude body. 

"What are you doing, Sara? Its not nice to tease like this." Michael gasps out and begins to back out of the room, almost in a panic. 

"Who said I was teasing, Michael?" 

Sara walks to Michael and drops to her knees in front of him before he could escape the room. Looking up at him the whole time, she undoes his pants quickly and pulls his already hard cock out. Her imagination did him no justice. He was a staunch 8 inches and exceedingly thick. Pumping his stiff dick slowly, and rolling his heavy balls in her other hand. His wide eyes, filled with passion, stare down at her as she wraps her lips around his thick cock head. 

"Oh fuck Sara! God baby. Your mouth fucking feels so good." Michael grunts out breathlessly. 

Slowly, she lowers her mouth down around his cock until the head is pressing and nudging against her throat. She motions for David to come over and play and notices him rush to their sides. He quickly gets on the floor and scoots his head beneath her dripping pussy. David reaches up and tugs down on her hips and lowers her pussy to his hungry mouth. As she sucks on Michaels cock slowly, David licks eagerly up at her soaked pussy. Trembling hard against Davids mouth, Sara begins to ride his face rapidly. Smearing her juice all over his face, and by the wild moans coming from him, he loved it. When David forced his tongue into her tight cunt, Sara grunts and began to deep throat Michael over and over. 

"FUCK! You dirty, little slut. I'm going to cum down your pretty throat." Michael groans out, his eyes fastened on her body as it jiggled and swayed. 

Only able to grunt, Sara tightens her mouth and bobs on Michaels cock faster and harder, milking his throbbing cock. Michaels hand tangles into her hair and holds her head steady as he begins to fuck her more than willing mouth. His heavy balls slapping against her chin as he rams all 8 inches down her throat over and over. David begins to spank her plump ass cheeks hard as he bites her clit and chews on it. Almost simultaneously, Michael and Sara cum together. Michael growls out and shoves his cock as far as he can into her mouth. His thick, creamy cum coating her throat as it shoots out. At the same time, David moans loud as Sara gushes all over his face. With David tongue fucking her cunt and Michael slowly working his cock in and out of her mouth, Sara grabs her massive tits and pinches her nipples. Suddenly, David scoots out from under her and wraps his strong hand in her hair as Michael pulls out of her mouth. 

"Sara, you have been a very, very bad girl. I'm going to teach you a lesson you will never forget. I am not blind; I did notice how you looked at Michael and I when you were friends with our daughters. I also know you can not handle both of us at the same time, at least this time. Michael and I have double teamed other women before, and they could barely walk after we had finished with them. You are all mine tonight. Michael can have you tomorrow, if he chooses. You will be our lil slut, won't you?" David growls softly into her ear, menacing and stern. 

"Oh god, yes! Use me as much as you want! I'll do anything you want." Sara whimpers. 

Michael chuckles and slaps his softening cock against her mouth. "Good girl. Oh, I will want you tomorrow so be prepared for me." He adjusts his dick back into his boxers and pulls his pants up. 

"David, I will talk to you later, and do not damage our playtoy!" Michael calls out as he walks out of the condo. 

As the door closed, David, gently yet firmly, pulls Sara up to her feet and pushes her softly towards her bedroom. When they enter, he releases her and quickly strips his clothes off. Allowing Sara a breathtaking view of his toned body and his large 9 inch thick cock. 

"You like what you see, Sara?" he chuckles at her look of desire. 

"Oh god, David. Your so fucking hot!" she cries out. 

With a crooked smile, he walks to Sara and claims her mouth in a deep and passionate kiss. Her plump arms wrap around his neck, his toned arms grasp around her thick waist. Their mouths lock together passionately; their hands grasp and claw in frantic purpose. He pushes her back on the bed, and grabs her thick thighs and raises her feet into the air. Releasing her legs for a moment, he guides his engorged cock to her leaking cunt. With one quick and powerful thrust, he rams his dick into her balls deep. 

"OH FUCK!" she screams out, her hands automatically grab her tits and squeeze hard. 

"That's it, Sara. Take this fucking cock!" he growls out as he begins to pump in and out strong but slow. 

Her sweet body sways with each thrust, his gaze lowers to her pussy to watch his cock ram into her. He grabs her hands and moves them to her ankles to keep her legs back. His large hands grasp her tits and with a wicked smile, begins to ram his fat dick hard and fast into her. Drops of sweat fall from his forehead to land on her stomach and roll off to the side. 

"DAVID! Oh fuck yes!" she cries out, thrashing her head back and forth. 

"SARA! Fucking god, your pussy is so fucking tight! I bet your tight ass feels just as good!" he grunts out. 

"Take it! Fuck my ass!" she screams. 

Not wanting to waste time, he pulls out of her cunt and smears her juices all over her tight little asshole. He then slips two fingers inside and finger fucks her ass fast and hard. Panting and grunting, he pulls his fingers out and aims his thick cock head at her ass. Firmly, he pushes against the puckered flesh, quickly slipping the head of his cock inside her tight ass. 

"OHHHHHHHHHHHH GOD YES!" she grunts out, as she slips every inch of his dick into her tight asshole. 

Speechless, he grabs her waist and begins to pump in and out. Speeding up with each thrust until he is pounding his hard rod into her ass, fast and hard. Their grunts and animalistic growls filling the bedroom. 

"David, I'm cumming!" she screeches loudly. Her hips bucking wildly as she cums hard; squirting against his taut stomach. The hot cream runs around his cock and down his thighs. 

"AHHHH! Take my cum, Sara!" he savagely growls, shoving his dick deep and swelling. His cock jumping and throbbing as he shoots spurt after spurt of cum deep in her ass. 

Sara releases her legs as he plops his cock out of her used ass. Leaving her legs dangling off the edge of the bed; gasping and laughing in delight. David crawls up into the bed, and guides Sara to do the same. He pulls her into his strong arms, holding her against his body tightly. 

"Was I what you were expecting, Sweet Sara?" David murmurs into her ear softly. 

"So much more, David. So much more." Sara whispers back, settling against him comfortably and dozing off.