 My wife and I had been waiting all summer for our weekend camping trip to the Michigan woods. Finally we had the pop up camper in tow and were on our way. The 12 hour trip seemed like it would never end as we finally pulled into our site and put the camper up. My wife Deb and I spent several hours unpacking and setting up camp for our week long getaway from the world. A we built the fire for the night Deb was dressed in a pair of cut off jeans and a small red top that made her look really great in the glow of the campfire. 

We were camping at a friends lakeside property in far Northern Michigan where we had camped for the past several years. It was a remote private lake far from anything or anybody. We had always had the area completely to ourselves and enjoyed just getting away from everything. I had talked Deb into wearing the "Daisy Duke" style cutoffs that I had cut myself to show off her best attributes and a small button down red shirt that I had found in a local store. Without her bra it accentuated her perky small breasts and large nipples that were hard from the slight chill of the night air. 

Deb and I had been married for 8 years and she still looked as great at 30 that she did the day we met. She stood 5'5 and weighed 120lbs. She had light brown hair that just went below her shoulders and was trim and firm in all the right places. Her tits were on the small side with a definite A cup but they were firm and perky with great nipples that stood straight out at th slightest chill. 

It had been a hot day around 80 degrees and the Michigan night air was cool and brisk with the temperature dipping down into the upper 50's. Just the kind of weather that made Deb stand out. When we arrived we observed several tents around the isolated lake site with camping gear. My friend Jake had not told us that anybody else was visiting so we thought maybe someone had set up camp and then returned to the city for the week. Sitting around the fire we drank several Smirnoff Ice's and were feeling pretty good. I was looking forward to a long week with nothing to do but some light fishing, hiking in the woods and enjoying time alone with Deb.

Around midnight I had been playing with Deb and we were both pretty well worked up and about ready to retire to the confines of our little camper and have a mad passionate love making session before falling off to sleep. As we got ready to get up a truck pulled in next to us pulling a large bass boat. As the truck stopped near the tents four guys got out of the king cab and began unloading the boat and laughing and having a good time. As the last of the fishing poles was stowed away the guys headed toward the tents. 

One of the guys walked over to our site and introduced himself as Brad, a civil engineer from Chicago. He shook my hand and told us that he and three of his friends were also friends of Jake's and were up for the week to do some Muskie fishing on the lake. As he looked deeply at Deb he warmed himself by the fire and explained they had been out on the lake late and were just getting back in for the night. He said he hoped they weren't disturbing us and said they planned on lighting a small fire and cooking some of the fish before retiring for the night. Deb was feeling really good and introduced herself to Brad and asked how the fish were biting. Brad began discussing their day with her as she stood in front of him looking like a million bucks with a flirtatious appeal about her.

As Deb and Brad talked another guy came over and introduced himself as Mike, an architect also from Chicago. Mike had obviously been into the beer during the fishing trip and immediately eyed Deb and Brad. Both men were attractive and in their mid to late 30's. Mike walked over to the fire and watched Brad and Deb while making small talk with me about the lake and the beauty of the area. 

Deb was talking to Brad about their fishing and how great it would be to have some fresh caught fish to eat. Brad quickly offered to use our fire and to "share" their catch and soon we were joined by the remaining two guys Pete and Jay and their was fresh fillets of Muskie grilling over our fire pit with a cooler of beer being passed around. 

As we sat around sucking down the cold beers and sampling the fish I could tell that all eyes stayed fixed on my wife Deb and her bubbling personality and hot looks as the added beer made her even more inviting. The guys all seemed to have their sights set on seeing my wife without her sexy attire and I wondered how the night would end up since Deb was obviously enjoying all the attention she was receiving. As the cooler ran low on cold beer the guys all got up and said their goodnights. Each gave Deb a small kiss on the cheek and they departed for the night.

Deb and I went into the camper and we both felt the sexual tension as Deb grabbed my cock and undid my pants. We had the hottest and wildest sex of our marriage that night and into the morning. I know the guys next door could hear us as both of us had multiple orgasms. That day as we got up the guys were already gone with their boat and we spent the day hanging around the lake enjoying a few nude swims and just being together. For the next five nights the schedule pretty much stayed the same as the guys would come in late and visit around the fire. We made friends with each of them and exchanged addresses and phone numbers. We actually lived fairly close to one another and promised to get together back home. Each night as the guys would leave they would give Deb a peck on the cheek and shake my hand before departing and we would head inside for some mind blowing sex between the two of us.

On Friday afternoon the guys came back early and said they had to leave out early in the morning an would be disassembling their camp and asked if we wanted to have dinner with them around 4:00. We agreed and Deb and I headed into a small nearby town to pick up some steaks and other items. When we returned the guys were all sitting around our fire pit and already enjoying a cooler of beer. I joined them outside and Deb went inside to change. Deb came out of the camper dressed in a small tight black skirt that just barely covered her cheeks and a tight pink tank top that made her nipples really stand out. Brad jumped up and escorted her to a chair beside him. We sat around and talked about th week and how their luck ran fishing.

Pete asked if we enjoyed the water swimming and both Deb and I remarked on how refreshing it was and relaxing. The guys all remarked on how they had spent the entire trip fishing and had not taken the opportunity to enjoy the other benefits of the area. The sun was warm and as we sat around Brad asked if anyone wanted to join him for a quick dip before starting dinner. We all agreed and Deb went into the camper to change. The guys and I all went to the small dock at the edge of the water and Mike, Pete and Jay removed their pants and jumped into the water in their underwear. Brad and I removed our shorts and as we got ready to jump in Deb came out dressed in a nice little neon yellow bikini that I had bought her two years ago. The top had small triangles that covered her nipples and a part of her tits with a small string that went over her shoulders and around her back fastening it. The bottoms were cut high and had a piece of fabric covering her front and the back was just slightly bigger than a pair of thong panties. The front and rear were connected by a piece of string going from the front to rear and tying on the sides. She had her hair tied up in a pony tail and had put on tanning oil making her skin radiate in the bright sunlight.

My cock instantly jumped to attention and I could see Brad's cock stir too. All the guys whistled at her and applauded as she walked to the edge of the water blushing. Brad and I jumped in and slowly my wife entered the water. We spent about an hour splashing around and enjoying horse play in the warm water as Deb seemed to really enjoy the attention she was getting from the guys. As we got out of the water Deb's suit stayed transparent for about a minute as it shed the excess water from the fabric. She wrapped a towel around herself and walked back to the camper as the guys and I all got out of the water sporting large hard ons that were evident and clearly visible through the white fabric of our undershorts. 

We gathered our clothes and went to the fire to warm up after being exposed to the cooling air. Deb came out and was redressed in her skirt and shirt from earlier. We cooked the steaks and enjoyed a nice dinner as Deb remarked on how nobody she worked with would believe she sat around a fire eating steaks with five guys all wearing nothing but wet "tight whites." We all laughed and told her how she could borrow a pair and join us. 

As night fell and the air got cooler we sat around the fire drinking. The sexual tension in the air was evident from the bulges in the shorts of the guys and the effects of the night air on Deb's nipples sticking out through the thin cotton fabric of her top. As the drinks continued to flow the guys grew hornier and bolder. 

Jay got up to go relieve himself of some of the beer he was drinking and walked over to Deb giving her a large kiss this time on the lips. Deb seemed to respond to his move and kissed him back slightly opening her mouth. I could see his cock jump as the embrace lasted before he headed off into the woods. This started all the guys talking about how my wife had excited all of them this week and how great she looked especially in her swim suit. Deb was blushing slightly but was obviously as turned on as the rest of the guys. I was excited at knowing that my wife had kept five chocks at full mast for almost 2 full hours.

When Jay returned Pete got up and said "Let's play a little quarters." We all quickly agreed and the game was started. It seemed that all the drinks were going Deb's direction and soon she was giggling and acting like a schoolgirl. 

As the game continued she began making comments about the bulges in each of our shorts and doing her Steve Merkel impression of "Did I do that?" When Mike suggested that Deb fit in with us and wear her underwear she surprised me by announcing that she was not wearing any panties. This got all the guys to looking and Jay finally offered that the next round instead of giving Deb a drink the winner would get to give her a hug.

Brad won the next toss and walked over to Deb. As she stood up he wrapped his arms around her slender body and kissed her deeply. His hands ran over her shirt and massaged her tits and nipples before moving down to her skirt running his hands over her ass cheeks. I thought his cock would bust out of his tight pair of undershorts before they broke their embrace. 

Mike didn't even toss his quarter when he got up and ran his hands up Deb's skirt feeling and squeezing her ass. Deb moaned as she reached out and grasped his rock hard cock through his shorts and closed her eyes. After a few minutes of heavy kissing and feeling of each other Mike backed away an sat back down.

Brad came over to me and said "Ron, we have all enjoyed watching your beautiful wife this week and have enjoyed getting to know each of you. Debbie seems pretty worked up and we would love to watch you fuck her in front of us here tonight. We have watched quietly each night as the two of you have gone at it in your camper and we would like to join the two of you, if it's ok with th both of you now?"

I looked over at Deb and she had that look in her eye that told me she was ready. I told Brad and the rest of the guys "We have had fun this week too and have wanted to play. But, you all acted like such gentlemen we didn't know how you would feel about the situation."

I walked over to Deb and began kissing her deeply as I reached down and removed her shirt pulling it over her head displaying her luscious small perky tits with her hardened nipples to all the guys. Continuing to kiss her as she pushed her tongue back to my throat I stood her up and pushed her little skirt down over her hips taking her purple thong panties with the skirt. I broke my kiss and got down to my knees pushing her skirt and panties to her ankles as I turned her around pushing her skirt away and leaning her over the chair in front of her. I grabbed her pretty little ass cheeks and spread them wide opening her tiny little pussy and tight puckered little rosebud ass and began running my tongue up and down her crack. Deb groaned in pleasure as I tongued around her anal opening and drove my tongue into her tight opening. As I continued my oral pleasure on Deb I could hear the other guys as they handled their own cocks and moved closer to us. 

As I licked Deb and sucked on her hard clit I heard her moan out riding her first long awaited climax of the night. I moved up and stuck my raging aching cock into her tight wet pussy and started pounding in and out of her as I felt my own orgasm build before pushing deep into her and blowing a huge load of cum deep into her belly. I stood motionless for a few minutes letting our climaxes subside before my cock went limp and slid out of Deb's creamy wet pussy. Deb motioned for Pete to come up in front of her and took his average sized cock from his hands and into her mouth.

Pete let out a loud OHHHHH as Deb took his cock into her mouth. I looked back and saw the other guys standing around looking hungry and motioned for Mike to take my place. Mike quickly nodded his agreement and guided his 7 cock at Deb's messy pussy. As he sank his length in and started pumping both men came hard filling my wife's pussy and mouth with their hot loads. I couldn't believe how fast these guys finished but thought about how they had leered at Deb all week and watched in the background as she and I went at each other each night. Deb had cum running down her thighs and chin as Brad moved in to replace Mike with his rock hard 6 cock. Jay, the only black man in the group put his massive 11 fat hard cock in front of Deb's face as she stuck out her slimy tongue and began running around the head of his bulbous cock. Deb seemed mesmerized by the huge cock at her lips and worked at taking it into her tiny little mouth. Brad lasted a little longer than Mike and I before shooting his load into her already used wet pussy. As Brad slipped out Deb continued working on Jay as they both moaned and breathed deeply.

After having a drink with Brad Pete and Mike I was ready to go again from listening to the guys talk about how hot and great my wife was and how they had never blown such a huge load before. I went behind Deb and used some of the escaping cum from her pussy to lubricate her tiny ass using my finger to open her up fully. I then moved her back to sit onto me as I lay down beneath her and slid my now hard cock onto her tight hole as she lay back never losing Jay's cock from her delicate mouth. As she laid back onto my chest with Jay standing above her the sight of that huge black cock against her pale white face had me pumping hard and fast into her. 

Just as I thought I would blow my load Jay took his cock out of Deb's mouth and moved around straddling my legs and getting between Deb's he pushed his massive cock into her wet pussy. The pressure from his huge cock made her ass so tight I couldn't move. As he began driving in and out of her the sensations from his cock in her stretched pussy had me going crazy. I laid still enjoying the tight squeeze as Mike offered his cock to Deb's hungry empty mouth. 

Jay lasted a long time before I felt him push in deeply and release his river of hot cum into my wife's sloppy cunt. The pressure of his cock and the feeling of him cumming through the thin membrane between her pussy and ass drove me over the edge and I exploded releasing my own torrent of cum into her bowels. As Deb moaned out in her own earth shattering orgasm Mike let his load fly. Deb let Mike out of her mouth as he shot his load that covered her pretty little face and neck.

I couldn't pull out until Jay began to go soft and pulled his cock out. We all got up and sat around for a few minutes talking and sharing a drink. Deb was in ecstasy from the fucking she had just received and her first time with a huge cock the size of Jay's. As we sat around the fire each of us took turns having Deb in every way we could. She loved the attention and would move from each of us. By the time the rest of the guys had passed out and gone back over to their own campsite Jay was still using his massive tool and showing no sign of letting down. I watched as he shot another huge load of thick hot sticky cum all over my wife's stomach and chest as I went into the camper and laid down.

I awoke the next day with my wife lying next to me in the bunk. The windows were open and the heat of the sun felt good on my naked body. When I looked at Deb she was covered from head to toe in dried cum. She looked fabulous. I went outside not bothering to dress and noticed the guys had left sometime during the day. We now had the place to ourselves. There was a note left on the table in the camper that said the guys would love to get together back in the city sometime and thanking both Deb and I for our hospitality. All the guys had told me that they each desired to see their wives in a group with their buddies but didn't know how to bring it up. As I sat outside Deb came out and we went to the lake to wash up.