 "Brad, can I ask you a question?" Stacy, my wife of 10 years asked me. 

"Sure, what is it?"

"Are you gay?" she asked.

"What?" I asked, trying to quell the fear that I was certain was obvious in my voice. "Why would you ask that?"

"Brad, I'm not as naïve as you think. I've seen the sites you visit on the Internet. I've watched some of the porn you've watched. They all show men having sex. I've even seen your responses to Craigslist postings."

So there it was. I underestimated my wife's tech knowledge and her curiosity about what I did on the Internet. She had discovered my deepest secret, my biggest fantasy. 

The best way to describe myself is bi curious. I know that is cliché but it's the most accurate description I can find to describe myself. I don't know if I really want to have sex with a man. I know for certain that I don't find men attractive. I know I don't want to kiss a man. But when I think about sucking a man's cock or being fucked by a man, my heart races, my cock swells, and I seek outlet on the Internet.

It was time to come clean. I couldn't lie to her. I didn't want to lose her but she deserves to know. "No, I'm not gay, Stacy. But, I do think about sex with a man. It turns me on, but it's a fantasy. I honestly don't know if I would ever act on it. 

"But what you aren't considering is that most of the sites I've visited, most of the movies I've watched are all bisexual in nature. What turns me on about this fantasy is that you are there with me, that you are a participant. I fantasize about you being turned on by this, by you convincing me to do this", I said.

"How long have you had these desires, Brad?" Stacy asked me.

"I don't really know, Stacy. I can remember having these fantasies since about the time we got married" I said. "But I can't say for sure that I didn't have these fantasies back in high school or college."

"Is it because of me? Do you not love me anymore?" she asked.

"No, absolutely not! I love you as much now, as I did when we got married. I don't have any emotional attachment to the men I fantasize about, hell, I don't even imagine the faces of the men when I have these fantasies. I really can't explain it. I just know that I'm curious about sex with a man: what it feels like, how it feels to give a man pleasure, to be fucked. I don't know....It's just a fantasy of mine."

"So you don't want to actually experience being fucked?" Stacy asked. "I don't know" I said. "I guess deep down inside, I really do want to try it, but I'm nervous."

"Why have you kept this a secret? I mean, I thought we shared everything."

"Stacy, this is confusing and scary to me. On top of that, I know your thoughts about homosexual sex. I was afraid that you would divorce me. Hell, I'm terrified you'll divorce me now that you know."

"Well, I really didn't know how to process this at first" she said. "After seeing some of the sites and watching some of the videos I got a bit more comfortable with the idea. Now that we've talked about it it's less of a turn off. I'm not saying it's a turn on, either, but I'm more open to the idea."

My mind was reeling at this point. I never thought my wife would find out my secret and was terrified if she did find out. Now she knows and she's saying that she is open to the idea! My whole world has been turned upside down in a matter of a few minutes.

"Come with me, let's go to the bedroom" Stacy said.

She took my hand and I followed her into our spacious bedroom. She climbed on the bed and invited me to lay next to her. Her lips found mine and kissed me lovingly, passionately. My lips opened to her probing tongue. Our kisses were like those we shared when we were dating. 

Her hand found it's way to my zipper. She worked my zipper down and undid my button all while keeping my tongue in her vacuum lock. Fishing out my cock I felt more than heard her moan. 

She pulled away from the kiss and worked my pants and underwear down. She took off my shoes, pulled my pants, socks and underwear off and then slid her hands up both of my legs. She wrapped one hand around the base of my cock while gently kneading my balls with the other.

Looking into my eyes, she lowered her mouth onto my cock and engulfed it in one slow motion. Her tongue slid up and down the sensitive underside of my cock. She continued her slow slide down my cock until reaching the base before easing back up to the sensitive head. 

She continued to work on my dick while I moaned in appreciation. It was a struggle for me to keep from cumming, knowing that I wanted to give her pleasure equal to that which she was giving me. I let her work me over for a few more seconds but finally, grudgingly pulled her off my cock.

I pulled her back up to kiss her, while my tongue probed her mouth with vigor. I started to slide her sweater off so that I could access her bra and finally remove her 36D tits from their constraints. I worked my way down to her breast, first licking, and then gently nibbling on her left nipple, which grew to a beautiful nub under my attention. I switched to her right nipple and bit her nipple more forcefully. She cried out and pulled my head hard into her breast. 

I released her nipple and kissed my way down to her flat belly while working her pants and panties off her hips. Siding the rest of her clothes off of her she stood gloriously naked in front of me. Kissing my way up her legs, I pay special attention to the inside of her knees, a place I know drives her crazy.

Reaching my final destination, I smelled her wonderful scent. I dove in between her legs to lick her pussy. I lightly licked her outer lips, slowly working my way to her clit. When I reached her rosebud I lightly grazed it at first and then began to pay special attention to her clit. She began to writhe under me and I had to grab onto her ass to hold her in place. She grabbed my head to pull me into her pussy and began to moan, softly at first, then louder as her orgasm continued to build. Her writhing stopped but her moaning increased and I knew that she was very close. I continued my attention on her clit and she cried out, her orgasm rushing through her body. I knew that at this point she was too sensitive and I backed away, admiring her as she comes down from her orgasm.

As soon as she has recovered she pushed me on to my back and climbed on top of me. Spreading her lips she slid on to me in one swift motion. We both sighed in ecstasy and she began to rock up and down, riding my cock slowly at first, then with greater and greater intensity. I was trying hard to keep from cumming but soon it became too intense and I launched what felt like the biggest load I had ever shot. Stacy continued to ride me as I came down from my ecstasy and then leaned forward and gave me a loving kiss.

What happened next took me completely by surprise. She climbed off my deflating cock and crawled up so that her pussy was directly over my mouth. I could see my cum sliding out of her. She lowered herself on to my mouth and I had no choice but to start licking her again. The taste of her juices mingling with mine was extremely erotic. Her moans grew in intensity and she rode my face to a second oragasm.

Climbing off of me she gave me a tender, passionate, sexy kiss and asked, "Did you like that?"

I managed to mumble "MM HMM" or something like that. Then she asked me if I enjoyed cleaning her up. I really didn't know how to answer that. Of course, I enjoyed the whole situation including cleaning her up but I still didn't know what she thought about my fantasy. If I answered truthfully, would she finally have the evidence she needed for a divorce?

Finally she made it easy on me and said, "I know you enjoyed it, you don't have to answer. It's okay. I want you to experience your fantasy. It's something that I'm open to and want to do for you."

I didn't know what to do so I just hugged her tight and told her I loved her. She fell asleep in my arms but I was having a hard time sleeping. I still didn't know how I felt about this scenario. I felt sure that Stacy was willing to help me fulfill my fantasy but what would happen afterwards? Would she still be attracted to me? Would she still love me? How would I feel afterwards?

The next morning Stacy didn't mention our conversation and I didn't bring it up either. In fact, we didn't discuss it for the next two weeks, but then on Friday we were out at a bar and Stacy asked, "Are you ready to experience your fantasy?"

I said, "I don't know, why do you ask?"

"Well, at 10:00 tonight a man is coming over to have sex with you", she said.

I was shocked! "What? Who? How did you set this up so quickly?" I said.

"My friend from college, Allen, is gay. I've kept in touch with him over the years and after our conversation a few weeks ago I emailed him. I told him I didn't know what to do and just wanted someone to talk to that might understand. He told me that desires like yours are very common. He said he personally has had sex with four different married guys over the years and that many of his friends have had similar experiences. He made me realize that your fantasy doesn't mean that you don't love me or that you want to leave me but that you really do just want to try something new."

Stacy continued, "After wrapping my head around the whole thing I asked him how I could meet someone to help you fulfill your fantasy. I told him that I was worried about finding someone that was safe and would treat us with respect. Finally, he suggested that he help us out. He's clean, respectful and I trust him, so I invited him to come over tonight."

I didn't know how to feel at this point. I was terribly excited, terribly scared, and felt like I would cum right there! I really didn't want anyone to think differently about me, not Stacy's friend and certainly not Stacy.

Seeing the concern in my eye, Stacy attempted to calm me saying, "Don't worry, Brad. First, you don't have to do anything you don't want to do. I trust Allen completely. He won't tell anyone and he won't push for more get togethers after tonight. Remember, I love you and want you to be happy. I will love you tomorrow as much as I do today."

I breathed a sigh of relief but it didn't allay all my fears. I still didn't know if I wanted to go through with this. I didn't know how I would feel about myself afterwards and frankly, I didn't know if I'd be any good.

Looking at my watch, I realized that I didn't have any time to worry because we would have to leave the bar now in order to get back to our house by 10:00. We finished our drinks, paid our tab and made our way back to our house. 

The walk to our house seemed painfully slow but in reality, it is only a ten minute walk from the bar to our house. It was only a few minutes from our closing the door to hearing the doorbell ring. I knew that it was Allen and I would have to decide right now whether I was going to go through with this fantasy.

Stacy got up from the couch, walked to the door and opened it. She greeted Allen with a big hug and a kiss on the cheek and welcomed him into our house.

"Hi Allen, it's great to see you again. How long has it been?"

"I think it was last spring at the reunion, right?", Allen said.

"I think you're right. Allen, this is my husband, Brad," she said.

"Nice to meet you, I've heard great things about you," Allen said, extending his hand for a handshake.

It felt like my hand was shaking, my heart felt like it was going to explode through my chest, and my throat was as dry as a desert.

Allen shook my hand in a firm but friendly manner. He was slightly taller than I at about six feet. He didn't have an athletic build but rather was slightly skinny. His face was clean shaven and he had somewhat shaggy, blond hair. It occurred to me that he wasn't what people would call gorgeous but he certainly wasn't unattractive.

Stacy broke the silence by saying, "Brad, why don't you get us some drinks? We have a bottle of wine in the wine refrigerator that I think Allen would enjoy."

"Sure," I mumbled and walked off to the kitchen. I found the bottle of wine, poured two glasses and got myself a beer. 

We made small talk while drinking our respective drinks but soon we had all finished our drinks and Stacy once again encouraged us to move forward with the fantasy saying, "I think it's time to move to the bedroom."

We all stood up and I knew that it was now or never. I was either going to go through with this or I wasn't. I found myself following Stacy into the bedroom with Allen behind me. During that short walk I knew that I was going to go through with this, that I was going to finally live out this fantasy. I was hoping that Stacy wouldn't think differently of me but I had to trust her. I wouldn't call it confidence but I was feeling slightly more comfortable with this scenario.

We made it to the bedroom and Stacy sat on the chair that we have next to the bed. Allen and I stood next to each other and he began to take off his black, button down shirt.

"Well, Brad, I think you know what to do. Help our guest get more comfortable," Stacy said.

I turned to face Allen and with my hand shaking, I reached out to take off his belt. After pulling his belt off I began to unbutton his pants and slide his zipper down. I could see the top of his black boxer briefs and began to slide his pants down. I realized that I hadn't yet taken off his shoes but he helped me out by kicking off his loafers before his pants reached his ankles. I then pulled off his pants as well as his socks.

Allen stood there in his black boxer briefs looking kindly at me. His cock bulged in his underwear and I knew what I had to do. I slipped my hands in the waistband of his shorts and pulled them off. His cock sprang free, looking partially hard. His hair was neatly trimmed and his balls hung low beneath his shaft. 

I kneeled down to get a closer look at his cock. My face was inches from his cock. He smelled nice, not terribly musky and not perfumed. I reached out and began to stroke his shaft feeling it grow with each stroke. I turned my focus to his balls. I had never handled another man's cock, much less his balls. It felt strange but still oddly familiar. I certainly had handled my own equipment thousands of times before and while this was similar it was different too. I had never had this perspective before, looking at a hard cock at eye level.

It seemed his cock had grown completely hard at this point, at least seven inches and thicker than I. It was now or never, I finally decided to take the plunge. I opened my mouth, moved my head closer and wrapped my lips around his cock. I slid my lips down his shaft until I felt his head bump up against the back of my throat. I didn't feel a need to deep throat him on my first attempt but rather to just enjoy the moment. I backed off until I had just his head in my mouth before sliding back down.

As I gained more confidence I started to swirl my tongue on the sensitive underside of his head. I soon felt Allen's hand on the back of my head and I looked up to see a look of enjoyment on his face.

He looked down at me, smiled and moaned, "Mmm, that feels amazing."

I continued my ministrations and felt slightly more pressure on the back of my head. Allen was encouraging me and I was happy to oblige. It was then that I realized that I was enjoying this, that I was enjoying being a cocksucker.

I pulled off Allen's cock to catch my breath and looked over at Stacy. I saw her right hand kneading her breast and her left hand was in her pants moving in a way that made me realize she was massaging her clit. She smiled at me and nodded at me to continue.

I turned back to Allen's cock and he pulled my head back onto his cock. I returned to my task of sucking his cock. Allen needed to change positions and sat on the edge of the bed. I moved between his legs and returned to sucking his cock.

As I continued to suck I felt Allen buck his hips in time with my motions. He was becoming more vocal, saying things like "Suck my cock.". I heard Stacy say "Take that cock, Brad," as well.

Allen's hips continued to buck and his moans grew louder. I thought maybe he was close to cumming. Before tonight I often wondered if I wanted to swallow cum. There was no wondering now, I knew I wanted to swallow his cum, all of it.

It was only a few seconds later that I was rewarded with a large spurt of his cum. I quickly backed off, keeping only his head in my mouth. His cum tasted salty like I imagined but it was not unpleasant. Far from it, it was very enjoyable. He pumped four or five large spurts into my mouth. I tried to swallow it all but some leaked from the corners of my mouth. When he was done I pulled off his cock and licked the corners of my mouth to try to get all of his cum.

Stacy pulled me up and kissed me with more vigor than I've felt since we've been married. Pulling off my lips she smiled at me and asked me if I was okay. I nodded with what felt like a stupid look on my face.

Stacy began to take my clothes off. Until then I didn't even realize I was still fully clothed. She had me naked in no time and got down on her knees and began to suck me like I had Allen. She didn't stay down there long, though. Standing up, Stacy said "I don't want you to cum yet. There's more fun to be had tonight."

I began unbuttoning Stacy's blouse and pants. My hand grazed her panties and they were soaked through. I took off her bra and she slid off her panties. We collapsed on the bed and made out like high school sweethearts. I moved down to her breast and began to suck on her nipple. My hand massaged her other breast, kneading it aggressively.

After a few minutes of this I felt Allen massaging my ass. His hands were caressing my ass while occasionally grazing the crack of my ass. I was in heaven. I was making out with my beautiful wife while a man was playing with my ass.

Reaching between Stacy's legs I inserted my finger into her pussy. She was so wet it was like her pussy was sucking my finger in to her. She moaned loudly as I inserted a second finger into her sex.

I felt something cool in my ass and knew that Allen was preparing me for the ultimate fulfillment of my fantasy. He spread some lube around my asshole before inserting a finger. It was a pleasant feeling and was not painful at all. When he added a second finger I felt more full but still no pain.

Stacy pulled off of me so she could watch the show. I let Allen continue opening me up, enjoying the sensations. He pulled his fingers out of me and I kneeled down to give Allen a little encouragement. I wrapped my lips around his cock for a second time, taking more of him in than I was able to previously.

He pulled me up and eased me onto the bed on my back. I slid further onto the bed to give Allen room to climb on while he lubed up his cock. 

Allen climbed between my legs, and I lifted my legs to let him in. Allen pushed back on my thighs, raising my ass off the bed. I felt a slight pressure on my ass and knew his cock was lining up for it's final assault.

He asked if I was ready and I nodded yes. Allen pushed slowly but firmly and felt more pressure than before. While I felt no pain when Allen used his fingers I was definitely feeling pain now. However, mixed with the pain was intense pleasure. He continued pushing into me and I felt a slight pop as his head entered my ass. The pain subsided and only the pleasure remained.

Allen continued to push until I felt his balls on my ass. He was all the way inside of me and I felt a sense of accomplishment. Allen stopped, allowing me to get comfortable and then began to ease back out until all that was left inside me was his head. He pushed back in, this time bottoming out in one swift stroke. 

I was out of my mind. All I could think of was, "I'm getting fucked!" It felt amazing! Allen smoothly thrust in and out of my asshole. He wasn't aggressive just insistent. He was driving to his ultimate conclusion and I was happy for him to finish inside me. I don't know what it's like to be fucked as a woman but it seemed like this was very close. I loved giving him pleasure, allowing him to use my body for his gratification. Looking at Allen, his eyes were screwed tight, a look of intense concentration and pleasure was on his face. I loved knowing that it was my body making him feel like this.
