 "I know honey, really sorry for being late tonight," my husband explained in his latest text. It was after 9 o'clock, and I'd already eaten dinner without him. He'd warned me that he'd be late tonight, but I still was hoping that he'd be home soon.

What he wrote next though intrigued me, "I'm arranging a bit of a special surprise for later. Something memorable - trust me."

"Would you care to explain?"

"Nope. You'll have to trust me."

We're often sending each other teasing and racy text messages during the day. Today was no exception. Quite the contrary, his notes had been especially dirty today. Whatever it was that he had on his mind, I'm guessing that he'd been planning it all day at least, maybe longer. Hmm. The thought that he was planning something got me tingling.

"Can't you at least give me a hint?" I texted back.

"Sure."

"How's this," added after what seemed like an eternity, "I'm in the mood to make one of your fantasies come true!"

"Which one?" I asked quickly, my blood starting to race.

"See you in an hour."

"What, that's it?"

"See you in an hour."

"Oh, come on, one more hint?"

"Use your imagination. And I'll see you in an hour."

Oh, for fuck's sake, this man really knows how to push my buttons, but in all the right ways.

With an added burst of energy, knowing that I had an hour to kill, I set about to finish a few chores. While my hands focused on the mindless task of tiding up, my mind was working furiously to figure out what my husband might have in mind.

Given the kind of relationship we had, sex was a big part of our lives together - both doing it, as well as talking about it. We talked a lot about what we liked in the bedroom (and elsewhere) with each other. Those conversations ranged from self-congratulations at the frequency, quality and intensity of our love life after all these years, to specific little requests of each other, to our fantasies.

Thinking of this last one, I excitedly went through which one he might be referring to.

Most likely it was some kind of bondage twist he was thinking of. I'd commented several times in the past couple of weeks (not too subtly) that he hadn't handcuffed me to anything recently. I did a quick mental list of the places we'd talked about using our favourite red leather restraints - the bedposts, the towel hooks in the bathroom, the railing of the deck outside our bedroom. Where else? My mind was racing a mile a minute now.

Fuck the dishes.

Looking at the clock, it was still almost 40 minutes before my husband was going to be home, and I was already a mess thinking about what he had planned. I headed upstairs to the bedroom to think about what might be on his mind.

If not bondage, then what...

Role play perhaps? We'd talked about quite a few of those, and he knew that was one of my favourite ways to experiment. But most of the scenarios we talked about didn't work well at home - the policeman pulling over the speeding nymphomaniac, the strangers meeting in the bar, the secretary looking for a promotion, the quickie in the club washroom with the bartender, the online hookup, and so on. Which one could he be thinking we can do at home?

Ooh, maybe the one about the sexy fireman coming to rescue the horny housewife in the middle of the night?

Thinking long and hard about that last scenario, I changed out of my jeans and into the silk nightgown my husband bought me a couple years back. Although nightgown wasn't really the right word since the beautiful pale blue silk barely covered by breasts at one end, and my ass at the other. Why he spent $500 on something that would only be worn for the express purpose of removing it very quickly I'll never know. But knowing that it was his favourite, it seemed like the right choice for tonight.

Still 15 minutes. Hmmm.

What fantasy of mine was he thinking of?

We were typically pretty aligned on the fantasies we had - different of course, but we rarely had one that the other wasn't more than willing to fulfill. Except...

The one fantasy that we had talked about a number of times, but had agreed to disagree on was a threesome. I'd certainly made my position clear that I was game. But my husband had always been somewhat cool to the idea. I'd almost stopped bringing the idea up because although he admitted to being "intellectually curious" about the idea (as he described it), he didn't feel comfortable enough to actually go through with it. Even when I'd made the very straight-forward offer of having another woman joining us in the bedroom, he'd said no. His rationale was flattering in that he said that he could get every sexual fantasy fulfilled with me, so why did we need anyone else? 

I understood his thinking in some way, but I'd also made it apparent (gently) that I didn't have the same hang-up. The idea of being pleasured by someone (man or woman) while my husband watched was incredibly sexy. I was a virgin when I met my husband, and that lack of experience created a certain curiosity. But it was more than that. Hell, the idea of watching another woman make my husband cum was about as sexy a fantasy as I could imagine. 

While he understood this, and he agreed that watching me orgasm with someone else was a truly hot idea, my husband was by nature a jealous type. He wasn't sure if it was really something he could handle. Man or woman, he wasn't sure that he could handle the idea that another person could make my body react the way he did.

Like any good relationship, despite our differing opinions on the matter, that didn't stop us from talking about it from time to time. I still remember the time when he had used my big vibrator on me. He was ramming his cock into my mouth and holding the vibrator deep inside when he said that I should "imagine that it's another man's cock inside you while I fuck your mouth." Oh my God! I was completely caught off guard by that comment, and that was certainly an orgasm to remember.

Somewhere over the past few minutes, I had lay down on the bed, and with my mind wandering, so was my hand. Only now did I recognize what I was doing, my very sticky hand alternating between rubbing my clit and reaching further down to tease and occasionally probe deeper.

For heavens sake, was he not home yet?!

At just that moment, I heard to front door open.

"Hello." I heard hesitantly at first, "Dear, where are you?"

"Upstairs," I managed to call out, my finger still slowly tracing between my pussy lips.

"OK, great." he said, "Give me just a minute and I'll be right up."

Why the delay? Oh my God, I needed him. His fingers, his tongue, his cock, any or all of them. Fuck, how did he manage to get me into this state from just a few vague promises on text message? What could he possibly be up to downstairs? He should be bounding up the stairs right now to fulfill my fantasy - who fucking cares which one.

Hearing his feet on the stairs, my heartbeat increased again, my finger still sliding back in forth across my wetness.

The next second he was standing there at the bedroom door - six foot tall, jeans, crisp white shirt and the sport jacket I loved so much. He clasped his strong hands in front of himself as he saw what I was doing on the bed, and the brief nervousness in his eyes turned to desire. I could tell he wanted me almost as much as I wanted him. Damn he's hot.

He walked across the room, and my hand continued to rub my pussy gently. I couldn't wait to see what he did next. What fantasy were we going to be enacting?

Coming across the room toward the bed, he veered off slightly and bent down next to the night-table on his side of the bed (where the restraints were - YES! I knew it). My fingers dug just a little deeper into my now dripping pussy for a final flourish before being tied up for the rest of the evening. Bring it on!

He stood up and looked over at me. But, instead of handcuffs, he had the blindfold in his hands, looking mischievous. Leaning across the bed, he first gave me a long, open mouth kiss, then pulled back and lifted my head slightly so that he could slide the blindfold over and onto my eyes. The world went completely black. We'd made a few visits to high-end sex shops over the years, and this purchase of the $50 full black-out blindfold had always seemed a bit excessive to me. Until now. Now, the full sensory deprivation was only adding to my anticipation.

Feeling the bed shift as he moved aside and stood up again, he gave me one more tease, "Dear, whatever happens next, just enjoy. I know that I will." With that, I heard him walk around the bed to my side, and turn the music up a few notches. Oh, that's clever. With the music lower, I could hear exactly what he was doing, but now, I had no idea.

As best I could tell, for the next few seconds he was quickly removing his clothes as I continued to pleasure myself in complete darkness, anxiously awaiting what was going to happen next. 

I felt his hand gently on the side of my head, and then weight on the bed again. If I'd been a little less buried in lust, I would have anticipated what happened next as his erect penis grazed my lips. He was now kneeling on the bed next to me. and I turned my head and reached my hand at the same time to direct his rock hard cock into my mouth. Running my tongue over his head, I tasted the familiar pre-cum. At the same time, I felt his hand reach down and replace mine gently stroking my pussy. I fully revelled in this feeling of his cock in my mouth and his hand on my wetness at the same time. I sank into the moment as he suggested. 

Grabbing his waist so as to pull his cock a bit deeper, I heard him gasp, and his finger on my clit twitch. Enjoying the feeling of him filling my mouth, I moaned slightly on his penis as his other hand started caressing my calf, lightly massaging the muscles in that massage-before-I-fuck-you manner.

I spent a few moments enjoying this combination of touches, gradually sucking harder at his penis before my head did the math. One hand on my head, one on my pussy, one on my calf. 

What the fuck?

Sensing my realization, he held my head firmly, pushing his shaft a bit deeper, preventing me from being able to ask for an explanation. Holding in this position, he leaned forward slightly, "Remember, just relax and enjoy. Yes, it is what you think it is. And don't worry, I'm going to enjoy this just as much as you are."

Holy fuck! Seriously? He was jumping me with an impromptu threesome? 

A small part of me wanted to call a halt, but that part was quickly drowned out as the hand on my calf now became the second hand on my pussy. With my husband expertly rubbing my clit and some stranger's hand now reaching a finger inside of me in search of my g-spot, any bit of hesitation I might have had disappeared. I had two hands, from two different people playing with my pussy! I didn't know yet whether the third party was a man or a woman, but it really didn't matter at that moment.

As if to say "thank-you," I grabbed my husband's ass and pulled his cock as deep into the back of my throat as I could. My lack of a gag reflex was something my husband was quite appreciative of, and I was now showing that skill off in all it's glory.

Within a few seconds, I could tell my husband was close to cumming, but before I could take him over the top, there was a shift in positions. The owner of the hand on my g-spot slithered between my thighs and my husband pulled his cock away from my mouth and got off the bed. The arrival of a warm tongue on my pussy caused me to gasp instead of complaining. It was an unrecognizable sensation. No one other than my husband had even eaten my pussy, so I only knew one style. And this was...different. Briefly, I felt stubble against my inner thighs and knew for sure that this was another man. Another man was eating my pussy! And doing a pretty damn good job of it.

My stomach did a quick flip. Was this really happening? And my husband was not only ok with this, he had actually arranged it! Oh. My. God! Completely blind, I had no choice but to submit to the pleasure and hope that he truly knew what he was doing.

As I fixated on the unfamiliar pattern of someone else's tongue on my pussy, there was a kneeling pressure again on the bed next to me. Turning my head, my tongue reached for my husband's cock again, but found something different.

My husband's cock is certainly not something I've ever had reason to complain about. His size satisfies me fully. But what my tongue and mouth found now was something completely different. I needed to stretch my mouth open to the limits to take the head of this strange penis into my mouth, and the taste was both alarmingly different, but also deeply erotic. I reached my hand up again and cupped a very muscular ass, wanting to encourage this new participant to explore the full depths of my mouth.

At which point I had another brief moment of realization. A stranger's mouth on my pussy, and a stranger's cock in my mouth. Holy fuck, this wasn't just a threesome! 

From across the room now, I heard my husband's voice again, "Relax and just enjoy."

As if I had much choice at that point!

At this point, things became a bit of a blur. I couldn't see anything, but with a tongue quickly bringing me towards orgasm, and an enormous cock in my mouth, I next felt someone else approach me from the other side of the bed, take my hand and put it around another rock-hard penis. At that moment, someone's mouth bent forward and took my straining nipple in their mouth.

Going into sensory overload, I could feel every muscle in my body begin to tense, my eyes roll back in my head under the blindfold as my orgasm started at my clit and exploded through every part of my body. When my mouth clamped down on the monster of a member in my mouth, it was obviously too much for him as well, "Oh fuck!" I heard vaguely as he pulled my head tight, filling my mouth entirely with his cock as hot cum began pouring into the back of my throat. Fighting not to choke, I nearly orgasmed again from just the thought of what was happening - another man's cum! Pushing him back slightly, I was able to get a better taste of the second volley, much richer and more musky than my man's. It's strangeness made it delicious in a way that exceeded that of the familiar brand.

After only a moment to come down from my first orgasm, several hands repositioned me, and I found myself kneeling on top of someone, his cock deep inside my pussy, hands seemingly everywhere on my body at once. I swear that I would have fallen off had the hands not held me up.

The cock underneath me began to work its way slowly in and out of my pussy, and I began to get into the rhythm, swaying back and forth, grinding my clit against the body underneath me. I briefly wondered if this was my husband. This was his favourite position to fuck me. I briefly thought about reaching up and taking off the blindfold, but got distracted before I could follow through. 

Just as I was beginning to really grind into the man under me, I felt a well lubed finger slide into my ass. The feeling caught me a bit by surprise, but not in a bad way. As much as my good girl upbringing would be embarrassed to admit it, I was very shocked a couple of years ago to find out that I'm actually quite a fan of anal sex. 

Still riding hard on the cock in my pussy, the finger in my ass was joined by a second one. The fingers remained essentially still as I thrust back and forth on the cock in my pussy, forcing them deeper and deeper into my ass with each stroke. They soon achieved their full depth inside me. I gasped and paused, at which point the bed moved as bodies again repositioned themselves. I felt someone come up behind me, and then moments later, the cock in my pussy was joined by one sliding gently into my now well lubricated ass. Sitting half upright, I gasped again as someone's hand touched the side of my face gently and guided my head to another cock right in front of my face. Someone was apparently standing on the bed in front of me. Incredulous, I realized there were now at three men fucking me simultaneously.

Moments later, my body went into full sexual overload as three hard cocks simultaneously, but slowly, entered me to their full length. I orgasmed again, my body shaking, clenching every filled orifice, much to the pleasure of everyone involved. Gentlemen all, they let my orgasm subside before starting their synchronized fucking. 

The dicks in my pussy and ass went in and out at opposite rhythms, one in, one out, straining against each other across a narrow membrane as they did. It was a sensation like nothing I'd ever felt before, to be filled in both places at once, and feel them rubbing against each other was not something I had even fantasized about. The concept had certainly crossed my mind, but the way it actually felt I could not have imagined.

Unable to really keep steady on my knees with what was happening to me, I felt another set of hands on my waist as if to gently guide me. On the bed next to me, another mouth encircled my nipple, biting enticingly. Again, that small portion of my brain that was still allowed to think tried to do a quick count - 3 cocks inside me, none of which seemed to be the monster I'd swallowed a minute ago, hands on my waist, a mouth on my nipple. Is that 5 people? or is someone contorted in some way I can't picture. My mind quickly lost both the ability and the will to reconcile it all.

My orgasms were now becoming difficult to distinguish from one another. It was like a roller-coaster, going over peak after peak, unable to predict the next surge as they blended into one another. Through it all, multiple hands kept me in place so that they could continue to fuck me in every way imagineable.

The next of the men to join me in bliss was the one in my ass. Hardly aware that he was getting close, I felt his hands pull my hips aggressively back, shooting his hot semen more deeply into my body than I can ever remember. He held me in place for a moment as I felt his penis pulse over and over inside of me, still pressing against the one deep in my pussy.

As he pulled his spent member from my ass, a different set of hands grabbed my hips now, this time from underneath. The man I was riding was obviously about to come too. Despite the cock filling my throat from the man standing in front of me, I did what I could to grind down even harder as he thrust skyward and began throbbing in orgasm inside of me, which set me off yet again.

I'm not clear how the next change in position happened, but someone lifted my leg, and the spent body underneath me rolled out of the way while several hands picked me up and lay me down on my back in the middle of the bed. Immediately, another penis (the same one?) was back in my mouth, hand on one breast, a mouth on the other as some brave soul spread my legs and began eating my cum-filled pussy.

At this point, I'm not sure what I was doing with my mouth, but in very short order, this cock too started to cum, his orgasm coinciding with mine. Whether my fault or his, his prick slipped out of my mouth in mid orgasm, resulting in one hot jet of cum on my lips and cheek, the next definitely hitting the blindfold, catching my ear, and almost certainly in my hair. I was not in a state to care.

After this last orgasm, time seemed to stop.

Completely breathless and spent, I barely noticed as the mass of bodies slowly shifted away from me on the bed. After a couple of moments to recover, the mass of bodies was replaced by just one set of gentle kisses across my torso, my chest, my neck.

I have no idea how long it took my brain to recover from the overload of pleasure to realize where I was again. 

When I did, I reached a shaky hand out to the face that was gently nuzzling me. At that indication that I was becoming coherent again, I felt a hand reach up and take my blindfold off. Blinking at the brightness, I saw my husband's face near mine, a grin on his face like I've never seen before. Looking around the room as best I could, no one else was there. 
