 I had just finished up my senior year in high school.

A bunch of friends and I had rented a house at the beach for a week, but on this night only four of us had stayed in: my girlfriend at the time, Kerri, her best friend Tara and my buddy Marc.

We were hanging out in the pool, getting more than a little bit tipsy on Coronas. Tara had been jokingly flirting all week with Marc, who had a girlfriend. At 19, Marc was a year older than us, and his girlfriend was from college, so we had never met her.

Tonight, Tara had turned her flirting into overdrive. She wore the skimpiest bikini - or at least the skimpiest one I had ever seen her wear. When I tell you her size-DD tits were spilling out the sides of those little triangles, I'm not exaggerating. And let's just say the bottom was so tiny that I now knew Tara shaved most, if not all, of her bush.

We played typical pool games throughout the evening. When we played chicken - with the girls battling each other from our shoulders - Tara made sure to lean over and "accidentally" mash her gigantic tits all over Marc's head a few times. Tara also confided to Kerri in the bathroom (Kerri, of course, whispered it to me right afterward) that she had made sure to grope Rob's dick through his suit a few times during volleyball.

Marc was a good sport. I had a feeling he even enjoyed it, as long as he could claim his innocence. But things got awkward when Tara took it to another level.

We were sitting on steps, taking a break from the games and swigging Coronas, when Tara said, in her best little-girl voice, "Marc, can I see your wang?"

"What? No!" Marc said with a nervous laugh.

"I just want to see it," Tara said. "You're always joking about how big it is."

"Tara, I have a girlfriend. You know that," he said.

But Tara ignored him, leaned over clumsily and grabbed at the waistband of his bathing suit. She got a quick glimpse at his dick, but Marc then jumped up and got out of the pool. Too nice to get angry, he just laughed and said, "OK, you know what, that's my cue to go to bed."

Marc went inside and locked himself in a room. Tara angrily went into the bathroom, and Kerri followed.

Kerri came back outside a few minutes later and said Tara was drunk and upset. Apparently Tara really thought she was going to seduce arc.

I couldn't blame her, actually. Tara was gorgeous. She had light-brown hair and a beautiful face with a cute, pointy nose and green eyes that you could stare into forever. She was about 5-foot-4, with a tiny little body to go with those giant tits. She worked out a ton to keep herself slim.

Kerri, who had auburn hair and an athletic body with apple-sized tits, slurred her words a little bit as she told me about Tara's condition. I could tell they were both sloshed, so I decided to try something.

"You know," I said, "We could try to cheer Tara up by showing her my dick."

Kerri laughed and said, "Shut up."

Oh well, I thought. It was worth a shot.

Tara came back outside, her eyes red from crying. She still looked incredible, though. I swore I could see the outline of her pussy lips through her wet bottoms.

"Sorry, guys," she said. "I'm just having a tough time getting over Richard." (Tara and Richard had broken up shortly before graduation since both were going to attend different colleges).

"Would it make you feel better to see Ryan's dick?" Kerri asked, leaving me dumbstruck.

Tara raised her eyebrows for a second, betraying her excitement before quickly recovering and nervously laughing. "Very funny," she said.

Kerri looked at her questioningly before saying, "Tara I was joking, but if it would make you feel better you actually can see it."

I felt my dick start to harden. Was this really happening? Kerri, my girlfriend of two years, was the only girl who had ever seen my dick, other than my mother when I was little.

There was silence for what seemed like eternity. Finally, Tara spoke up, her eyes now locked on the growing bulge in my swim trunks.

"Well, I wouldn't mind seeing it, I guess, if you wouldn't mind," she said.

"Nah, what the hell," Kerri said. "It can't hurt to look."

I almost asked why I got no say in this, but then I decided to just shut up and go with it.

"Ry, how should we do this?" Kerri asked. "Pull down the waistband or pull up the pant leg?"

Before I could answer, Tara said, "Pull down the waistband. I want to see the whole thing."

Well, that settled it. I nervously pulled down my swim trunks until my now-hard-on popped free. I sat there awkwardly as both girls stared at my seven inches. My dick was now throbbing, the purple head pulsating angrily.

Tara surprised us with what she did next. she reached over and grabbed the shaft.

"Whoa, whoa, whoa," Kerri said, but Tara proceeded to lift my dick up and pull my balls out from under the waistband.

"Relax," Tara said. "I just wanted to see the whole thing."

But Tara hadn't let go. Somehow, Kerri didn't notice that as she accepted Tara's explanation. Thank God for alcohol, I thought.

But then Tara, again, got too bold for her own good. She slowly started stroking my dick, and I felt the cum start to rise from my balls.

Before I could get there, though, Kerri realized what was going on and put a stop to it. She grabbed Tara's arm, then tucked my dick back inside my swim trunks.

"That's enough, guys," she said nervously. "Tara, maybe you should go to bed."

Tara got up with a sad look on her face and walked inside. Her bikini bottoms had bunched up into almost a thong, displaying a perfect, pale butt enhanced by major tanlines. Her ass swayed as she walked away, and I was sure it was for my benefit.

Kerri and I didn't say a word to each other for the next few minutes, just sitting there awkwardly. Finally, she got up and went inside. I couldn't tell if she was angry, though.

I followed her inside and, naive 18-year-old that I was at the time, just asked her, "Are you mad?"

"No," she said. "I'm just kind of surprised at myself that I almost let that happen. Whatever, it's over."

Or so we thought.

***

Kerri and I were sitting on the couch, still drinking, watching late-night TV, when Tara walked in.

My jaw dropped. She was wearing only a towel. Apparently, she had decided to shower before bed.

"I called Richard," she said, bursting into drunken tears and plopping down between us on the couch.

She started telling Kerri the story, but I wasn't listening. I was mesmerized by her cleavage right above the top of the towel. If there is a God, I thought, that towel will come off.

I got up to grab another beer as the girls continued to talk. When I got up, the couch shifted and Tara's towel moved just a little bit. Still no nipple showing, but this was progress.

I decided I was going to see Tara's boobs tonight. I had fantasized about those things for years, and here she was, sitting next to me in nothing but a towel, piss-drunk.

As I sat back down with my beer, I made sure to sit super-close, so that when she got up the towel would get caught between my leg and the couch. I felt like I was being really obvious, but the girls apparently didn't notice.

It seemed like Tara would never get up. She went on and on about her love life, blah, blah, blah.

Just when I was about to give up, Kerri, of all people, came to my rescue - albeit unwittingly.

"Tara, what you need is another drink," she said, apparently at a rough point in their conversation about Tara's ex.

Tara smiled and hopped up - and her towel flew off, caught under my leg. Her giant tits flopped around in all their glory as she turned to see what had happened.

"Oh, my God, I'm sorry!" I said, with some actual legitimate embarrassment now that it had actually happened. I even looked away, which I knew I would regret since I hadn't gotten a great look at her tits, but I was just a pussy.

Apparently I wasn't convincing enough, though.

"Ryan, you did that on purpose!" Kerri said, though she didn't seem that angry.

Tara immediately sat back down and grabbed the towel, but then she stopped.

"You know what, it's OK, Ryan," Tara said with a drunken half-smile as she looked me in the eye with those killer green eyes. "I got to see yours, so you can see mine."

Tara then let her hands fall to her sides and just sat back, leaving her massive boobs out for my viewing pleasure. They were pale from the tan lines. The areolas were pink and about the size of silver dollars, with little pea-sized nipples just begging to be pinched. I had only seen Kerri's boobs in person, but I had seen plenty on the Internet, and Tara's reminded me of Jenny McCarthy's - except I knew these were real.

Kerri just stared, too. Tara sat back and let us have a good look. After a few moments, I looked down to see if I could see her cunt, but her legs were together and I couldn't see much - except that she was fully shaved.

Tara saw me look down, and she shook her head at me. "I think we're even," she said. But she made no effort to put the towel back on. Instead, she turned to Kerri and said, "You know, you're the only one who hasn't shown anything."

"Yeah," Kerri said defensively, "And it's going to stay that way."

"Oh, come on," Tara said. "Have a little fun for once. I think we should all get naked."

That seemed to offend Kerri. She liked to project an image of being the life of the party, but deep down she was somewhat of a prude.

"I'm having plenty of fun," she said. "I'm drunk, we're laughing, but I am not taking my clothes off."

"Well," Tara said, "Can Ryan at least get naked? I don't want to be the only one naked." The thought occurred to me that Tara could have just put her towel back on, but I didn't say anything.

"Ryan can do whatever he wants," Kerri said, but her tone told me I should not do it.

I didn't move. It was getting awkward. But Tara wasn't going to give up.

"I think you really want to get naked, but you're afraid," Tara said. "In fact, I'll bet you're turned on right now. How about this - spread your legs right now, and if your bikini bottoms are as dry as the top, then I'll go to bed and we'll never talk about this again. But if there's wet spot, you have to do whatever I tell you for the rest of the night."

Kerri stared at her blankly. "I am not turned on by your boobs," she insisted.

"What about when I played with Ryan's wang?" Tara said.

Kerri looked down nervously.

"Spread 'em," Tara said. In Kerri's drunken state, it didn't occur to her that she could have told Tara to fuck off.

Kerri slowly spread her legs. I said a silent prayer, and it was answered. Tara leaned in close to make her point, but it wasn't necessary - we all saw the damp spot where Kerri's pussy juice clearly had soaked through her bottoms.

"Time to get naked!" Tara said.

Kerri just sat there in disbelief.

"Kerri, a bet's a bet," Tara said. "I'm in charge now. And besides, what kind of prude would you be if you didn't have some fun when we can all see you're aroused."

That seemed to convince Kerri. As if in a daze, she first unclasped the back of her top and let it fall, revealing her apple-sized tits with quarter-sized nipples. She then lifted her knees up and slowly took off her bottoms.

I couldn't believe it. I was sitting on the couch with two naked girls - my 18-year-old, auburn-haired girlfriend and her best friend, a busty brunette who had been the object of many of my jerkoff fantasies.

Tara stood up, excited that Kerri was actually going along with this.

"Ryan, you need to be naked, too," Tara said. I didn't hesitate to pull my trunks off, bringing my hard-on once again into view.

"OK," Tara said. "Kerri, your first task is to walk outside and run around the pool."

"No way!" Kerri said. "There are, like, four houses around us with perfect views of the pool from their upstairs windows. How about if I just run around this room?"

"Kerri, you have to do it," Tara said.

Resigned, Kerri got up and walked to the door. Tara gave her cute little ass a slap as she walked by, which made Kerri jump.

Kerri poked her head outside and looked around. Indeed, all of the neighbors had their lights on. It was late, but anyone who was awake and glanced out their window would clearly be able to see.

As Kerri hesitated, Tara came up behind her and pushed her out the door, then shut it quickly and locked it. Kerri glared at her through the window.

Tara smiled and motioned at her to run. Kerri gave her the finger and then turned and jogged around the pool, her little titties bouncing up and down as she ran.

I had walked over to the door to watch at this point, and while Kerri did her lap, Tara reached over, gave my dick a squeeze and said, casually, "Do you want to fuck tonight?"

I just nodded, speechless. Tara laughed and said, "Well, your prude girlfriend probably won't let it get that far, but then again who thought she'd ever do this?"

As Tara said that, Kerri run up to the door. She looked as if she wanted to start banging on it, but she knew that would only attract attention from the neighbors. So she stood there covering her titties and twat as Tara pretended to fumble with the lock, finally opening the door to let her in.

"Not cool," Kerri said.

"But I bet deep down you're excited," Tara said. "In fact, for your next task, I want you to show us how excited you are. Lay down and spread your legs for us, and play with your pussy."

"Come on, Tara, really?" Kerri said. But I could tell she was going to do it. Tara was right - Kerri was aroused.

Just for good measure, Tara said, "Oh, what's the big deal? Ryan has already had his face down there, I'm sure, and I have a vagina, too, so it's nothing new for me."

"Whatever," Kerri said as she got down on the floor and spread her legs.

Kerri was soaking wet. As she started rubbing her pussy, she couldn't help but let out a moan.

Tara looked at me with a devilish smile.

"Now you're going to keep playing with yourself while I do this," Tara said, and she grabbed my dick and started stroking.

The look on Kerri's face was priceless. On the one hand, she was doing a damn good job of pleasuring herself, but on the other hand, she was mortified to be doing it, especially while her best friend jerked me off.

"How about this," Tara said, picking up an empty Corona bottle. "Fuck yourself with this."

Kerri grabbed the bottle, abandoning all pretenses. She wanted to get off. She shoved the neck of the bottle into her pussy and gasped before started to pump it in and out. It was unbelievably hot.

"OK, stop," Tara said and took the bottle back. Kerri looked up questioningly.

"Come over here and motorboat me," Tara said. "Get my boobies as wet as you can."

As if in a trance, Kerri walked over and went to town on Tara's tits. She lapped away, getting saliva all over them and sucking on the nipples.

When Tara was finally satisfied, she told Kerri and I to sit on the couch. Then she walked over to me, got on her knees and wrapped her tits around my hard dick. Kerri just watched as Tara moved up and down, the saliva making for a sloppy, hot titty-fuck. 

It felt amazing. I had never titty-fucked Kerri because her boobs weren't big enough. I had always assumed it would feel similar to a handjob, but Tara's fleshy melons felt spectacular around my cock.

"Ker, I'm sorry," Tara said. "I'm not trying to steal your boyfriend, but he's got a really nice wang and I'm horny as hell. I need this."

Kerri nodded slowly, eyes glued to Tara's tits and my dick.

Tara then took her tits off my dick, leaned down and took the head into her mouth. This was amazing. Tara swirled her tongue around and then went halfway down, gagging when my cockhead hit the back of her mouth. She then came back up and made love to my cockhead with her mouth.

Tara then grabbed Kerri and pulled her over toward my dick. Taking her mouth off it for a moment, she said, "Suck his balls."

Kerri put one of my balls in her mouth and started sucking, as Tara got back to blowing me.

After a few minutes, Tara stopped. Kerri followed suit, looking anxiously to see what would be next.

Without a word, Tara stood up, put her hands on the couch and bent over.

"Ryan, put it in me," she said. I started to look at Kerri, but to my surprise she grabbed my dick and positioned it right at Tara's opening herself. Kerri leaned over and gave my cock a kiss before putting the head of it into Tara's slit.

I took over from there. I plunged into Tara, who moaned her approval. I started pounding away, and Tara fucked back. I could see her tits flopping around. It was amazing.

Eventually Tara motioned for me to stop. She stood up, wordlessly, and gave me a passionate french kiss. Then she said, "Lay down on your back."

I did, but Tara didn't climb on my dick. Instead, she said, "Kerri, your turn. Hop aboard."

Kerri lowered herself onto my dick with a smile and started riding me. Tara watched for a few moments before coming over and squatting down on my face. I eagerly started licking her cute little cunt, focusing on her little bud but taking my time and really enjoying lapping at the whole thing. She tasted delicious.

I decided then to get her off. I wrapped my lips around her clit and sucked hard, making Tara gasp. She bucked on my face as I sucked and used my tongue to flick her clit at the same time. Tara finally started quivering, and then she screamed so loud I was sure she'd wake Rob.

Tara got off my face and leaned down to kiss me. After we wrestled with our tongues for a bit, Tara said, "Mmmmm, I taste good. I wonder how Kerri tastes."

With that, she turned and started licking Kerri's twat as she rode my dick. I could feel Tara's tongue on my dick occasionally, and it was an amazing sensation.

Tara's tongue put Kerri over the edge. Kerri started grinding on my dick and then started quivering with a silent orgasm. She kept riding my dick as she came down, but said, "Ry, are you close?"

"Yeah, very," I said, knowing I'd have to take it out since she wasn't on the pill.

"I got it," Tara said, grabbing hold of my dick as Kerri got off. Tara put me in her mouth and started sucking.

It wasn't long before I exploded in Tara's mouth. I came so much that some of it leaked out of the corner of her mouth. When I was done, Tara sucked out the last few drops and then opened her mouth, showing me my cum all over her teeth and pooling on her tongue. Then she closed her mouth and swallowed. I pointed to the cum that had leaked onto her face, and she took it and rubbed it into her nipple.

"Well, thanks, guys," Tara said.

With that, she got up, walked out and went to bed.