 My husband and I have great sex. And when I say 'sex,' I mean hot, dirty, sweaty scream-filled fucking. Ever since I handed him my virginity as his girlfriend all those years ago, it's been nothing but rabid animal copulation. We're very adventurous. We do what we want, when we want, where we want. We've landed ourselves in jail one or two times more than we'd like to admit as a result. Still, we're hardly the type to let a little phrase like 'indecent exposure' get in the way of our sex life.

  He's tall and thin, with broad shoulders, green eyes and sort of ash-colored hair. Most women that meet him think he's some sort of fashion model. He's always dressed in khaki or black and white. He walks with just the right amount of hip sway, carrying his suede jacket over his left shoulder. Some people think he's gay. I know he just likes to look good. 

  As for me, I'm one of those sultry looking blondes who's always wearing tight running outfits in pastel colors. Pretty, casual, and with a darker side hidden just underneath the surface of those sparkling hazel eyes. People say we should do porn together, make a lot of money off our looks and obsession with sex. That's not really for us, we're not exhibitionists. We just don't listen when people tell us to get a room.

  One night when he had me pinned against the wall of our bedroom, sliding his cock in and out of me with a raw passion, I started talking about something we'd never done before.

  "Baby, you know I love your cock, and your body..." I breathed as my hands gripped the wall, nails digging into the paint. "But, I love women too. I really want to taste a girl while you watch." I could feel his pace quicken as the door shook from our bodies slamming against the wall. My insides were just on the edge of orgasm, I held my breath waiting for it to hit. My cavern broke into screams of pleasure. I reached my hands around and grabbed his waist, pulling him further inside me. The force caused his seed to spill fast and hard, dripping down my thighs onto the carpet.

  That's when we decided to learn about swinging. Vincent told me I was always better with 'those kinds of things.' So I took it upon myself to do some research. You'd be surprised at how many sites on the net are completely based around bringing couples together with bi-singles or other couples. I signed us in to a few of those sites. I payed the monthly fees to get full access and spent the rest of my time weeding through hundreds of profiles. I sent out a few e-mails to those that seemed worthy of our attentions.

  Oddly enough, I wasn't the one that contacted the sultry individual who was about to share a night of steamy passion with us. She contacted me. Opening my mailbox was a pleasant surprise the day I first saw her. She had long dark hair, blue eyes and a healthy tan across her luscious body. Her breasts were pert and bursting out of the white blouse she wore in the picture, and her smile was infectious. Her lips were full and waiting.

   "Hi. I'm Eve. You two sound like tons of fun. Gimme a call sometime. 761-542-4150."

   I called her that afternoon, sweating with anticipation. Her voice was silky and beautiful and I couldn't wait to dive into her lips. We agreed to meet at her place, which was only about twenty miles away from ours. I was surprised at how fast everything was happening. When she answered the door, our mouths hung open and we broke through the door like savages, begging for a scrap of meat. She was stark naked, her whole body exposed and ready to be touched. I tasted her first, grabbing her supple body and ravaging it with kisses, hearing her moans drove me further.

  Vince had his cock out in minutes, stroking it madly as he watched the two of us explore each others bodies. I was quick about finding my way down to her pleasure box, letting my tongue rove over the surface of her tight clit. My fingers slid inside her moist hole and she clenched, falling back on a velvet couch just inside the living room. Her legs spread wide like a ballet dancer, begging me to dive into her. My face was soaked with juices, sweet and intoxicating. 

  My husband grew tired of jacking off as we touched each other. He took advantage of the fact that I was on my knees in front of her delicious twat and slid his hard erection deep into me with one thrust. I screamed into her pussy and she came onto my face. I lapped up her cum and went for more. 

  When I was finished being fucked with my face buried in her snatch, she said she wanted to taste a juice covered cock. My husband removed himself from my cunt quickly and slid his slick member inside Eve's waiting mouth. He grabbed her raven hair and shoved her face down onto him. She gagged a couple of times, but eventually took all eight inches down her throat. I watched quietly, not touching myself. I was enthralled with the idea of watching another women pleasuring my man. How gracefully she took everything he had to give, and how beautifully she did it. It was raw and sensual. It drove me wild with desire.

  When he couldn't take any more sucking without exploding, he pulled out of her mouth and pushed her down on her back, sliding his saliva covered penis inside her aching cavern. She smiled, her face still shining with want and asked to taste me. Aching for release I did as I was told. I crawled on top of her and let her tongue explore me. Each time my husband thrust into her, her mouth dug into me and made me scream. It was easy to tell that all of us were going to lose it very soon. My orgasm was beckoning and she'd already reached climax more times than I could count. My whole body tightened on her mouth as I felt the ground give way and the whole world shatter into a million fire works. Just as I was coming to I saw Vince pull out, and felt a spray of sticky jism all over my breasts. I watched it drip down my stomach and onto Eve.

  Our grinning was contagious, as was our exhaustion. We collapsed on top of each other and fell asleep for moments. When we woke up, we showered together, tenderly removing the fluids and sweat from our bodies, while flirting and playing beneath the warm water.

  We both kissed Eve good-bye and promised to call her soon. We did. In fact, we called upon her so often, and she on us, that eventually we moved into together. We soon discovered that swinging to us was not just a hobby, it was a way of life.