 I lost a football bet to my husband and his two best friends. Now I have to serve them and whomever they invite to their weekly poker night wearing whatever they pick out for me to wear. The first week, they had me dress like a French maid and my husband and his buddies were well served by the end of the night. The second week it was a naughty school girl. This third and final week is another tried and true male fantasy. This story may stand on its own but to fully understand it might be a good idea to read Can't Lose Football Bet Parts 1 and 2. 

***** 

Week 3 

After last week, I could think of nothing but sex. It consumed me and John got the full force of my sexuality as I fucked and sucked him morning and night. He has never refused me but there were times when I could tell he was tired but there was no way he was going to give this up. 

Thursday morning, I woke John in what had become my new usual way which meant he arose each morning to the feeling of my warm mouth on his cock. This time though he pulled me away and said, "I want you good and horny for tomorrow night." 

I didn't know how to tell him but I had never been so horny in my life and couldn't wait until Friday night. I had asked him several times during the week what the outfit I was to wear was for Friday but he refused to tell me. 

Friday morning, John woke before I did and left while I was still asleep. I woke to find a rose on the pillow next to me with a note that simply stated, "I can't wait until tonight." 

I could hardly wait either and all through the day, I fantasized about Avery's giant cock filling my pussy, James' thick cock sliding past my lips to the back of my throat and Mike's firm hands pinching my nipples until I couldn't stand it. 

I also thought about having two cocks again, one in my pussy and one in my ass, pumping me furiously. I couldn't keep my fingers away from my pussy while these thoughts kept running through my brain all day long but I somehow managed to stop before orgasm each time. By the time 4:00pm came around, I had to be the horniest woman on the planet. 

John came home early and under his arm I saw yet another box. I couldn't imagine what it was this time but I wanted it to be something good, something sexy, something that would take their minds away from poker and onto me. 

John came in smiling when he saw me in just a t-shirt and jeans. I wasn't wearing a bra and when I saw him looking at my chest, I realized that my nipples were rock hard and pushing against the thin, white material. You could have hung an umbrella on them; they were sticking out so far and were so hard. 

I reached for the box and he pulled it away quickly. He smiled playfully and said, "Not even a kiss first?" I almost jumped in his arms and planted a long wet kiss on him, shoving my tongue in his mouth. 

"That's better", he said as I climbed back off him. I wanted to see what was in the box and when I grabbed it this time, he let me have it. As I pulled off the top I couldn't quite tell what it was. As I grabbed the silky material to hold it up, John said, "I dream of Tabatha tonight" and he turned me and playfully smacked me on the bottom, pointing me toward the bedroom. 

With the box on the bed, I began removing the latest outfit. It was a harem outfit, not unlike the one Barbara Eden wore in I Dream of Jeanie. There were harem pants made of see-through silk, and were gathered at the bottom of the legs. Around the waist was a band of gold to which hundreds of small bronze or copper coins had been sewn. It was beautiful silk and looked far more expensive than any of the other outfits had been. 

The top was a bra made of the same material as the gold waistband on the pants, with more coins sewn to the underside of the cups of the bra. This too was exquisitely made. Lastly, there was also a small vest and a fez like hat, again, very similar to the one Jeanie wore. I wanted to try it on but first I had to make sure I was totally clean and perfumed for my boys. 

I spent a long time in the bath, trying to minimize the time between being completely ready and having to wait for the guys to get there. It was still two hours before they would be coming and I wanted to spend the time primping as opposed to waiting. 

Finally, I had my bath complete, my make-up on and I was ready to try on this new I Dream of Jeanie, or as my husband called it, Tabatha, fantasy. I was a little surprised at first by the harem pants. They initially seemed like a very sexy idea but they didn't seem to have nearly the easy access that the dress and skirt I had worn previously allowed, or so I thought. 

I went through the box one more time looking for panties and found none. I've told you before, I don't normally wear panties but with the sheer material of the harem pants I thought there would be something. There was nothing. 

I thought about putting on one of my tinier g-strings but then thought, not in the box, then not on me. I pulled the harem pants up over my smooth, shaved legs and up over my waist. The waistband of the silky pants was somewhat elastic and when I had them all the way up, I realized the waistband had a v shaped dip in the front, dropping all the way to the top of my pubic mound which put the bottom of the coins dangling from the bottom of the waistband, just touching the top of my clit. 

Standing up, I also realized there was a slit running from the bottom of the V, all the way to the back waist band. When standing still, you couldn't tell there was a slit there but it allowed easy access to my pussy and ass. 

Looking into the mirror I also realized that the sheer material left nothing to the imagination. I could clearly see the fabric shining and seemingly flowing over my skin but I could also clearly see my pussy through the material. Turning around, it was almost as if there was nothing covering my ass. 

I had the same feeling I had with both other outfits in that I wanted to back out of this because everything I had ever been told said it was wrong to do this but at the same time, the feel of the silk on my skin and knowing that in less than an hour there would be a table full of guys staring at me, made me glow with anticipation. 

I put the bra on next and got another surprise. The material was luxurious but like the cups on the corset I wore on the first week, they only just covered the bottom half of my breast. Also, just like the waistband of the harem pants dipping down, the cups of the bra had cut-outs that dipped, this time, below my nipples. The cut-out was almost the exact size of my nipples and the circular cut-out followed the curve of my areolas, but left the top of the circle open. 

This was barely a bra and it only served to hold my breast up and out. I thought maybe the vest was going to cover my nipples but sliding it on, soon realized that the front part of the vest barely came to the side of the full cups of my bra. This was the most daring outfit yet with both my pussy and breasts in full view. Barbara Eden would have been smoking in this outfit. 

I kept looking at myself in the mirror and was amazed at how I appeared to be wearing clothing (of sorts) but nothing was really covered, at least not in the conventional way. I pulled my long hair into a pony tail at the top of my head and placed it through the fez thing. That certainly completed the outfit. Whoever had the I Dream of Jeanie fantasy was going to love this. 

There were also shoes at the bottom of the bed that I hadn't noticed before. They were gold in color and matched the outfit and had a good five-inch heel on them. 

I really looked like a concubine in some harem, ready to by sent to the Prince for fucking. I added a few gold bangle bracelets and gold dangly earrings for effect, touched up my makeup and walked out to find John. 

It didn't take long. I almost ran into him as I was leaving the bedroom. I backed away from him and asked "Is this what you wanted?". 

"Baby, you are smoking hot tonight" while wearing one of the biggest smiles I had ever seen. 

"So who's I Dream of Jeanie fantasy is this anyway?", I asked. He said it was Avery's and he couldn't wait to see his face when he saw me. 

He didn't have to wait long. A few minutes later there was a knock on the door and Avery opened the door and walked in without waiting for us to answer. His eyes immediately went to me and he was obviously stunned. He didn't move except for his eyes as he went from my toes to the tip of my head, back and forth for about a minute before he said anything. 

I finally grabbed him by the arm, reached up and pushed his chin up, closing his mouth and said, "Earth to Avery". He just smiled. I almost burst out laughing at his dumfounded expression but noticed the huge bulge in his pants. 

I looked up at him, teasing him saying that I could really tell he liked my outfit. He still couldn't find any words to say and just nodded. Avery had come early in anticipation and it was still about thirty minutes before anyone else would be there. 

I looked at John and coyly asked if he minded if I helped out Avery so he would be able to walk and play poker later? He just smiled and told me to help myself. 

Before Avery even realized what was happening I dropped to my knees and unzipped his pants. His enormous cock came flying out and almost hit me in the face. As he looked down at me, I slid his monster cock into my mouth as far as it would go, all the while looking up at him with my big brown eyes. I could still get both hands around the base of his cock with as much as I could take in my mouth. I started a steady rhythm, sliding my lips and hands over his thick shaft. The sheer size of his cock, filling my mouth made it hard to use my tongue against the underside of his prick, but I did my best, never losing suction. 

I only stopped once to pull his swollen purple cock-head out of my mouth and rub it against my rock hard nipples. The cool air on his wet cock made it twitch and a drop of pre-cum oozed onto my left nipple. Still holding him with one hand, I lifted my nipple to my lips and used my tongue to clean it off. All the while, Avery watched, and then as I slid his cock back into my mouth I could see his eyes almost roll back in his head. 

For the last two weeks the blowjobs I gave Avery were more like hand-jobs because he is so big. This week, I was determined to get more of his cock into my mouth and I was pushing harder and harder, forcing his cock deeper into my throat. My eyes were watering and I was gagging and having a hard time breathing but was determined. 

It took about ten minutes but finally, I was able to control my gag reflex and push him all the way in my throat and felt the skin of his tight abdomen against my nose. I guess Avery felt it too because the second time my nose hit his belly I felt his cock begin to pulse and a second later, felt his hot cum deep in my throat. 

After I felt his orgasm subside, I pulled his cock out of my mouth inch by inch, sucking every last drop from him. I could feel his knees shaking slightly and he just looked down at me and said "You're amazing. No one has ever done that before." 

I assumed he meant getting his huge cock all the way in their mouth. I felt very proud. 

I was also dripping wet. I could feel my pussy barely holding in my wetness. The lips were slick and I could feel the juices working their way out of my pussy. I didn't want to get my outfit all wet so I excused myself with a smile to go fix my makeup. 

Once in the bathroom I put one foot on the side of the bathtub and separated the silky material between my legs. Only a small amount of my juices had leaked onto the silk but my pussy lips were swollen and my clit was hard and standing at attention. I barely touched my little love button and my pussy lips literally opened and I caught the flow of my built-up juices with a tissue. I wanted a cock so bad I didn't think I would be able to make it until later. 

As I cleaned up, John came into the bathroom with a big smile on his face. He said, "You did a number on Avery, I'm not sure he'll recover in time to play cards." 

I just smiled and kissed him and said "You always said I was the best." 

A few minutes later James knocked at the door and I realized I hadn't asked who else was coming. I like my three guys and I was beginning to really like Chris as well but there was always a fifth guy. When I asked John, he told me it was a surprise. I couldn't imagine who it could be. He made it seem like it was somebody new which always made me nervous and excited. 

Avery was coming out of his daze and James had given me a big hug and wasn't shy about sliding his hand through the slit in the harem pants to grab my ass and with his other hand cup my breast and flick my nipple with his thumb. 

I kept after John to tell me who else was coming. He did tell me Chris was coming and that he was bringing a special guest. I racked my brain trying to figure out who it could be but I was drawing a blank. I would have never guessed who came to the door five minutes later. 

When I heard the knock at the door I had goose bumps. I recognized Chris' blonde hair but when his wife Tammy came in behind him, I panicked. I wanted to run from embarrassment but John had anticipated my panic and wrapped me up in his arms, whispering in my ear that it was alright, that everything was going to be great. 

Chris' wife is blonde and is a personal trainer. She has a rock hard body, was just about an inch or so shorter than me and had nice firm c-cup tits. I had flashes of doubt and I all of the sudden felt like such a slut. It had always been just me and the guys and I know how to handle guys. 

I had only ever been with a woman once and that wasn't really anything. One time in college my roommate and I had been out drinking and came home late, drunk and horny. I had just slipped on my t-shirt to sleep in with nothing else on when my roommate came and sat on my bed totally naked and began to cry. She told me she had seen her ex-boyfriend at the bar with another girl and she was a little lonely. 

We held each other and cuddled until I felt her hand reach up and cup my breast. After a few minutes she must have felt my nipple get hard and she began fondling me. Eventually this led to me fondling her as well and we even kissed once. Even though we spent the whole night in my bed nothing much more happened. I thought I felt her hand moving between my legs in the middle of the night but it stopped abruptly and the next morning she was gone when I woke up. We had never talked about it after that and it never happened again. 

Now, here I was, with my guys and another woman. I didn't know what was expected; was she interested in me, was she interested in the guys? This was all feeling very weird. I had fantasized about being with another woman, even having a threesome with Avery and his wife, my best friend, but I never thought I would really do it. 

As I thought through different scenarios in my head I felt a twinge between my legs and realized I was getting excited about the possibilities. 

Then, just as quickly there she was standing in front of me. Me, virtually naked in front of this woman I barely knew. I couldn't think of anything to say and as I started to stammer out a "hello", I noticed she was staring right at my tits. They were totally exposed and they are huge and she seemed mesmerized. 

I began to smile as I realized that she was here because of me, she wanted to be with me. That gave me confidence and I spoke up. I acted is if I wore outfits like this every day and smiled, welcoming her, telling her it was nice to have another woman join us. 

That seemed to give her some confidence and she smiled back at me or at least at my tits. I smiled again and said "I guess Chris told you about the bet I lost." 

She nodded and said, "He also told me what an ... accommodating hostess you are. I hope I get to experience some of your hospitality." She actually licked her lips, then turned to give John a hug and thanked him for inviting her. 

Now that everyone was there, they all sat down to play as usual. I kept the drinks flowing and the snacks coming. The guys all now openly grabbed my ass or my tits if I came next to them. They would run their hand up my legs and Avery and James ran their fingers over my pussy more than once. At one point, they ran into each other as they both went for my pussy, one up each leg. We all giggled at that. 

I avoided Tammy at first but after I had a few drinks I found myself purposely leaning over right in front of her and brushing my breasts against her when I brought drinks or food. She had a few drinks as well and for every time I brushed up against her, she brushed back, but I could tell she was still hesitant and afraid to feel me up like the guys were. 

I was really getting horny and the little coins on the waistband bounced lightly against my clit every time I moved. The hornier I got and the more swollen my clit was, the more the coins stimulated me. 

The movement of the coins also seemed to catch the attention of the guys and Tammy. Every time I moved the shimmering of the coins would have everyone looking at me. Of course being able to see right through the almost invisible clothes may have had something to do with it. 

By around ten, everyone was getting pretty drunk and the betting was pretty heavy. They were playing a lot of made-up, two eyed jacks are wild kind of games. I had just brought John, my husband a drink and decided to check his package. I reached down and grabbed his crotch. He wasn't completely hard but he was definitely excited. 

He grabbed my hand and held it in his crotch while it was his turn to bet. He said "I'll see your dollar and I bet a hand job from my lovely wife." 

I jerked my hand out of his lap and smacked him on the head. Then I think I shocked him by saying "I'm not going to waste a perfectly good, hard cock with a hand-job, make it a blow-job." That pretty much got everybody's attention. The next few minutes were hilarious as some major bluffing was going on. Nobody folded, including Tammy. 

When all was said and done, Chris won the hand, narrowly beating out John. Now I was in a predicament. I was going to give a blow-job to a guy whose wife was there. I tried to gauge her reaction and saw that she was laughing and clapping. 

The thought of what I would have done if she had won ran through my mind as I watched her. She was beautiful and didn't seem phased by anything that was happening. I thought about what it would be like to have my head buried between her legs and I just couldn't imagine it. But I could very easily imagine her between my thighs with her tongue buried in my pussy! 

Chris scooted his chair back and asked, "Do I have to wait or can I collect my winnings now?" 

I retorted," I think you should have to wait unless you're all done." I looked around the table and everyone was looking at each other, each seemingly avoiding being the one to end the game. Of course they all knew that when the game ended the real games began. 

I sashayed my ass over to Chris and moved between his legs. I positioned myself between his knees and reached behind my back with both hands, unhooking my bra. Staring at Chris I pulled the bra away from my tits and asked "would you like me to keep it on?" 

He only shook his head, no. I dropped the bra to the floor and knelt between his legs on the floor in front of his chair. I reached up and ran my fingernails along the fly of his jeans. He was already hard and getting harder by the second. 

I purposely rubbed my bare breasts against his thighs as I continued to massage his hardening cock through his pants. I could see his cock straining against the material of his jeans and lightly ran my nails over the bulge and down to his balls. I then slowly started to pull down his zipper. I only got half way before the force of his dick pushed the zipper the rest of the way open. 
