 It was amazing the transformation in our marriage and relationship over the last 6 months since we had started having fun at the club. Particularly since we had introduced Ray, Jayne’s black lover into our sex life, we had fulfilled many fantasies. With Ray, Jayne had fulfilled her fantasy of black cock and we had also ventured into some BDSM fun as Ray was very dominant with Jayne and she loved every minute. My wife was turning into a horny cumslut and I loved it! 

Our adventures went on hold for a several weeks as we got bogged down with work, family and everyday matters for a while until sitting down one Friday afternoon after work, sharing a bottle of Chardonnay we realised that the night was free.

“I was thinking we could have some fun tonight Gary, no kids about for the weekend, no work, so we are free.” Jayne said with a mischievous glint in here eye. 

“Anything particular in mind?”

“I got an e-mail from Ray asking about getting together, we could go over there?”

“I am invited this time then?” I asked smiling. Last time Jayne had been with Ray she wanted him alone, although as they fucked she had rung me on her mobile so I could listen to every detail!

“Mm! I am game for a few cocks again, want me to be your slut again darling?”

“Ok then, this evening we have some fun. You game for whatever I set up?”

“Yep! I will have a soak in the bath and get changed while you have a think and organise some debauchery!” Jayne said as she stood up and headed for the bathroom. I wasn’t too sure what to try and organise, but with the way we had been behaving lately I realised Jayne would have no problem with my perverted imagination coming up with something new for her. I dug through my filofax and made some calls while Jayne soaked in the bath and after about 15 minutes on the phone went upstairs just as she got into her dressing gown and began drying her long thick red hair. As she sat at the dressing table I began rummaging through her wardrobe.

"Are we going somewhere," she asked.

“Yes, I am just sorting out something for you to wear.” I answered as I placed her clothes and shoes on the bed. “I am going to shower and then change, I want you to wear this tonight,” I said firmly.

As I showered I went through my plans for the evening in my head. Jayne and I have been together so long I know how her mind works and her fantasies. She just loves to be a submissive slut and loves cock, especially sucking them; her speciality and we found out this year her penchant for big black ones too! With what I had planned tonight I knew she would enjoy every moment.

I dried off and dressed before returning to the bedroom where I saw Jayne finishing off dressing. She was dressed in a very short black skirt, which only just covers the tops of her stockings, high heeled shoes and a leopard skin leotard, her hair and make up was immaculate as always.

"Well, I feel dressed like a complete slut. How do I look?"

“Like a fucking whore, just perfect I think! Come on then let’s go,” I said holding her hand leading her downstairs and out to the car.

“You going to drive there? I will drive back because I suspect you may be too fucked to drive home!” I threw the keys over to her and watched her bend forward to insert the key into the lock of the car door, as she did I can just see the tops of her stockings, the sight of her legs made my cock start to harden. 

“Where to then master?” Jayne said slightly sarcastically.

“Ray’s flat, ok?” I saw her smile. 

“In a hurry are you then?”

“You bet!”

As we set off I notice the swishing of Jayne’s stockings and the glimpse of white thigh as drives very quickly off the estate. I can’t resist sliding my hand up her thigh and feel her hot pussy. The drive to Ray’s was not long, he lived about 10 miles away in another town and Jayne as always drove quickly and managed to concentrate n her driving despite my fingers getting moist rubbing her pussy. We just listened to music on the radio until we pulled to a stop in the parking area outside the flats where he lived. I looked at Jayne’s hooded eyes and could see she was turned on.

“I want to see your pussy, show me your wet pussy.” I said sternly.

Jayne slid her seat back and pulled her leotard to one side showing me the glistening ginger hairs of her pussy.

"Touch yourself, Jayne." She immediately began to rub her self slowly, her wet cunt making squishing noises as she fingered herself. “Better get yourself nice and wet baby because you will get fucked senseless and covered in spunk tonight, ok?” Jayne has a passion for “Goo Girl” porn films, where girls get covered in cum as men wank over them, if only she knew what was on the agenda tonight! Before she could answer I opened my door and gestured for her to follow, quickly adjusting her self we walked together to the first floor flat and knocked. Ray quickly opened the door and let us inside the small apartment, Jayne’s face lit up when she saw him. Ray took Jayne in his arms and embraced her, his muscular arms pulling her slender body to him. She responded, her lips parted to accept his probing tongue and her hands went to the back of his neck. Any doubts I had that she was up for this were dispelled; she was ready for this right now. As we stood in the narrow hall I saw her hand brush across his cock as he felt her thighs under her very short skirt.

“Stockings! Good girl!” He said ushering us into the lounge where Jayne’s face fell open as she saw another guy sitting there.

“Hi this is Tony,” I said as Tony stood up to kiss Jayne, “ I think you may have noticed him at the club darling?” I felt sure Jayne would have noticed Tony as he is a huge guy and obviously a keen bodybuilder. He was wearing just shorts and a small clingy vest and Jayne ran her hands over his chest as they introduced themselves. Tony quickly provided drinks and Jayne downed a couple of large vodkas very quickly as we sat around chatting and listening to music and glancing at the porn film playing silently on the TV. We paid little attention to the movie, only looking when Tony quietly said, “Fuck. Look at that.”

For a minute we watched as a small brunette knelt on the floor surrounded by a group of guys wanking and cumming over her, drenching her in cum.

“Gary says that’s one of your favourites Jayne.”

Jayne sat silently with her legs crossed showing a lot of thigh above her stocking top. She went to cover herself as we all looked at her for her answer but is stopped by Ray, "No Jayne, that looks nice please leave it as it is. You like that bit of the film?"

"Mm! That looks so good," she murmured.

Tony and Ray kept staring at her legs and I so love the exhibitionist streak in my wife. 

"You have lovely legs and I love your high heels." Tony said staring at her.

Ray stood and lit some candles in the room, making the mood very sexual and sensual and also spread a large duvet on the floor. I knew despite feeling very horny and relaxed from the drink Jayne would be nervous so I leaned over and kissed her passionately. "This is your fantasy, honey. Why don't you slip your skirt off?"

She playfully stood and walked over to Tony, “Unzip me.”

He run his hands over her pussy and over her bum as he slowly unzipped the tiny black leather skirt she was wearing and let it drop to the floor leaving her standing in her leopard skin all in one, hold up black stockings and high heels. She did a little show for us, bumping and grinding to the music, turning around and bending over.

Jayne smiled as Tony whispered, "Fuck me. Look at that, is she hot or what?" 

“Come here baby,” Ray said reaching out for her. “Let’s get this off,” he said undoing the clasp between her legs and massaging her pussy as she took off the leotard over her head. Ray pulled her legs wider apart and with the thumb of his left hand massaged her clitoris and pushed two fingers into her pussy and began to finger fuck her. 

He rubbed his other up and down the tops of her stockings. "They really turn you on don't they," Jayne said.

"Mm! You can't beat a white slut with great legs in black stockings."

I smiled knowingly at both Tony and Ray as I stood and quickly undressed, both of them following suit as Jayne moved to lie on the duvet. 

"I want you to play with your pussy, make it really hot for us." I said as I rummaged in my jacket pocket. We watched as Jayne massaged her pussy and rubbed her clit making her wetter. I bent down to Jayne and secured her leather studded slave collar.

“OK while this is on you are our slut. Our whore and cumslut to use as we want.”

"You're not having us on, are you?" Tony asked me. 

"No it's for real, she loves to be used and dominated but remember nothing more than what she wants to do.”

Jayne looked at me, smiled and mouthed silently, “I’m your slut. Talk dirty to me baby.” There was no turning back now as Tony parted her legs and began to suck her cunt. She opened her legs, wrapping her thighs around Tony's neck as he slipped two fingers deep inside her and began working them in and out. 

I reached down and grabbed her hair, "Now suck it bitch." I turned her head slightly and put my cock between her lips, "That's it, slut, that's it."

Suddenly she began to squirm under me, my cock slipped from her mouth as she began panting. She began to and writhe, with her legs wrapped tightly around Tony's neck her whole body tensed. 
”Oh fuck, I'm cumming," she moaned writhing about as Tony just stayed between her thighs slurping noisily as her cunt squelched and she caught her breath. Ray just sat back naked on the couch watching the three of us on the floor but I saw Jayne’s eyes lock onto his cock as she composed herself after cumming so strongly. Ray looked at her and gently played with his cock.

"I want you to suck my cock." I want you to crawl on your knees to me and beg to let you suck me," Ray said.

She knelt and crawled very slowly toward him until she was in between his already spread legs. "Please, can I suck you,” she said dipping her head down on his cock.

"Suck my black cock, you fucking whore."

She licked her lips and dipped her head as she licked Ray's hard black cock as Tony knelt behind her and crouched his huge frame over her tiny body, both the guys skin in vast contrast to Jayne's milky white body. She looked so sexy, sandwiched between these two studs. Jayne greedily closed her lips over his thick hard cock and took him deep into her mouth as Ray pushed down on the back of her head. I felt torn as I so wanted to fuck but I also wanted to watch my sweet wife used by these two men. I glanced down at Tony and realised his cock was in proportion to the rest of him, huge and poised between Jayne’s pussy lips. 

She took Ray's huge black cock from her mouth, looked back at Tony and said, "Please fuck me". 

"What the fuck are you waiting for Tony? She wants it, fuck her!" I said.

Tony ran the tip of his rock solid cock across her wet pussy and started to slide into her hot ginger pussy and began to slowly thrust. For a moment she held her breath as a few inches slipped smoothly inside her body and then she gasped out loud as, with a rough thrust, he buried himself inside her cunt. Tony grunted and let his head fall back, "Fuck me! She's wet," he said as he fucked her deep and hard gripping her hips.

I saw Jayne's eyes widen as Ray moved his cock back in front of her mouth, she licked her lips and wrapped her soft red lips around his black cock. She glanced over to me and caught me pulling furiously at my cock as I looked at her being impaled by these two guys. I know Jayne loves the feeling of a cock in her mouth and pussy and I knew she would me watching her playing with my erection. I could see she was lost in the pleasure as she moaned, shut her eyes and cum again. 

“Mm! I’m cumming, oh fuck!” She moaned as Ray withdrew from her mouth. She just lay on his lap trembling as Tony slid out with a loud slurp making her giggle.

“Come on baby, on your back, I want some of your pussy now.” Ray said getting onto the floor with her. I walked over and positioned myself over her face as Ray spread her legs in the missionary position; the look on her face was one of pure lust as our eyes met.

"Show him what a good little girl slut you are! You are so sexy Jayne."

"He's going to fuck me, Gary. He's going to fuck me while you watch."

Ray's hands went to her breasts and I could see her soft flesh move as his dark fingers compressed them, the contrast in colour between her breasts and his hands so sexy.

"I'm going to fuck you now, you horny white slut, while your husband watches, is that what you want?"

Jayne gasped a little as his large cock penetrated her tight little pussy and his fingers pulled and pinched at her swollen nipples and continued talking dirty to her. Tony knelt on the other side of Jayne’s face, I am sure my horny wife was in heaven as Ray started to slide in and she stared at two hard cocks just inches above her face. His cock slipped deeper and she moaned in pleasure as his balls slapped against her arse.

With a steady rhythm Ray began pounding into Jayne as she relaxed and tried for her third climax. His black cock was pistoning in and out of her pussy and I couldn't hold out much longer, I was so turned on by my wife behaving like a slut. Jayne looked up at me as Ray thrust his hips forward, his black cock disappearing between the saturated lips of my wife’s cunt. I tilted her head slightly and slipped my cock between her lipstick-smeared lips and began to gently fuck her mouth. 

"You love some big black cock Jayne!" Ray said as her whole body began to convulse again. She gasped and her lips opened in a cry of lust as she curled her legs around Ray's back. Her toes curled and her back arched as her orgasm shuddered through her body now covered in sweat as Ray pounded away at her cunt. He was fucking her now with long slow thrusts, slapping his balls against her bum every time he thrust fully, her hair was turning wet with sweat and she moved her head alternately sucking my cock and then Tony’s. 

“Time to fulfil a fantasy I think!” Ray said withdrawing from Jayne’s pussy. 

“Come on Jayne, on your knees.” She did as I told her and knelt low on the floor as the three of us stood over her face, Tony grasping her hands together. I looked down at her hooded eyes and knew I was nearly there

Ray grabbed Jayne's hair and said in his deep voice, "Here it comes, baby, can you take this? Can you handle this?"

My cumslut wife gasped and said "Oh yeah, cum for me!"

“Oh, baby. I’m gonna cum, gonna cum! Yes!"

As he yelled, Ray pulled Jayne's head back by her hair and laid his cock on her lips. She gurgled as she tried to swallow but the Ray just seemed to cum and cum over her lips, his spunk seeping from the corners of her mouth over her face and hair.

With a loud moan, "Oh fuck, take it!" Tony pulled his cock from my wife’s mouth and pointing directly at her face, unloaded a huge stream of cum. The first thick, white jet hit her forehead and dripped down her face, he came with two more big jets and then began to drip onto her lips and spunk covered her face. 

“You're my little whore Jayne, I going to cum in your mouth. Suck me! Fuck I’m cumming, oh god! Take it baby!” 

I added my own hot sperm onto her lips as she opened her mouth wide and I pumped my thick sperm into her mouth and over her face. The combination of three men’s orgasms on her, Jayne's face and hair were awash with semen, her makeup smudged, hair messed up and stockings torn and laddered, it was one of the most erotic things I have ever seen. 

Ray handed you a towel and you dried yourself off as best you could. Looking up at me, your smile tells me all I need to know. You give me a kiss and say, "Lets get out of here."

Quickly putting your skirt and top back on you kissed both Tony and Ray passionately before we went out to the car.

“I knew you had a wild imagination when it came to sex Gary, but I had no idea what you had in store for me tonight!”

“Well, it is certainly not adultery since it is encouraged by me. I am so turned on watching you with another man and you do have an attraction to black men. You are not under any pressure to fuck other men but it is ok with me if you do as long as we share these experiences.”

By the time we got home Jayne had just enough energy to shower and collapse exhausted into bed. As I lay next to her I realise how proud I am of my wife after such an erotic evening and that what turned me on more than seeing her with another man was simply watching her. I loved seeing her cum, enjoy herself and get fucked fulfilling her dreams. I could not find a better wife.