 All my lady friends really enjoy having their pussies eaten and I love being the one who does it for them. There are several ways of making love and I enjoy all of them but eating a sumptuously juicy pussy is my very favorite. Candace is a pretty, light-skinned African American woman who seems to be my opposite number. Her favorite method of making love is sucking cocks and swallowing all the cum the men can give her but she also loves having her pussy eaten. When I call on her I usually go with two other men. That way, she can satisfy her desire to suck us all off and I get to bury my face between her legs and eat her delightful pussy. Or course, the other men and I really enjoy getting sucked off by a Candace's skilled mouth so all of us have a wonderful time.

The last time I had a date to make love with her, I called Frank the day before. He had been sucked off twice the other time he had been with Candace and was quite eager to experience her warm and talented mouth again. He also thought that one of his co-workers might be a good choice to join us. "George," he suggested. "I have this buddy here named Sam who is as horny as I am and I know he would love to get some. I think Candy would like him too."

Usually, besides Frank, I have brought along either John or Steven to sex parties, sometimes both, but those two guys are really hung and Candace has always told me that she actually gets less enjoyment from sucking such big cocks. I have heard other women or gay men make that same comment so I told Frank to ask Sam to come along. 

The two men were waiting for me after they got off work. Frank is a young man with blonde hair and green eyes, very appealing to some women, and I knew he would cum at least twice, providing two good loads of semen for Candace to savor and swallow. Sam is an African-American, somewhat darker than Candace and about the same age as Frank. There are some simple rules, that I consider to be very reasonable, on occasions like this one, and the main one was that Candace would be in charge. Whatever sex acts she wanted, she would get. Since none of her wants are unreasonable, and we all knew what they would be, nobody would ever have any problems.

"George, I'm really glad to see you guys," Candace told me after I had introduced her to Sam and all three of us had kissed her hello. Even though an ocean of semen has passed through her mouth, none of us had any problem with sticking his tongue in there. 

"It's been a long time since I've had a cock in my mouth or a tongue in my pussy and I expect to make up for lost time with you guys," she continued. Candace is never coy about what she likes or why we were there. 

None of us were coy or the least bit hesitant and we all headed for her bedroom. The bed had been prepared with pillows piled up against the headboard so Candace could lean against them and another pillow further out from the pile. The last one would go under her ass to elevate her pussy to the best position for eating. I was honored that she chose me to undress, and I started to return the favor. My shirt was off and I had removed her blouse and was starting to unhook her bra when Candace noticed that the other two men were still fully dressed, and watching us.

"C'mon, you guys; get undressed," she commanded. "I can't do anything with your cocks while you still have your pants on." They hurriedly started to remove their offending garments. Like me, Candace believes that the best sex requires everybody to completely disrobe.

With all of us naked, she positioned herself on the bed with her back propped against the pile of pillows and the other one under her ass. All three of us knew what to do next and Sam and Frank knelt close to her on opposite sides, each leaning one arm against the headboard, so Candace could move her head back and forth between the two men while she was sucking them off. She smiled lewdly when she saw Frank's cock, looking like a large banana, and Sam's, looking like a big round chocolate bar. I was glad to see that Sam was not the mythical hung black superstud, because that would have been less fun for the woman who would be sharing pleasure with him. He appeared to be hung slightly smaller than Frank, and about the same as me. All three of us were well equipped to give the lady's mouth a good and not overpowering time.

Candace held the base of one shaft in either hand and started by stroking Frank's cock a few times with her mouth, taking it out and licking her saliva off the tip. Next, she did the same thing for Sam. After the two cocks had been briefly in her mouth, she grinned broadly, knowing our session would be a lot of fun. 

"These are some really good guys you brought me today, George. I'm going to have a lot of fun and so are they." After telling us that, Candace kissed Sam's cock and slowly drew Frank's between her lips. 

I would be giving her another reason to enjoy our session and I knelt between her outstretched legs so she could sling them over my shoulders and I could wrap my arms around her thighs and bury my fingers in her pubic hair. Candace's pussy had that aroused, musky aroma that is such a big turn-on for men, and her juices were flowing from what she had already done and from anticipating much more before the day was over. That is the most delightful combination I know of and, after immensely enjoying the fragrance, I leaned forward to relish the taste. 

As my tongue sluiced up her juices, Candace was murmuring happily, partly from what my mouth was starting to do, but mostly from what the two cocks were doing for her. Some of the porno movies I have seen include a woman switching back and forth while sucking off two men but Candace is the only woman I know of who actually prefers doing it like that. Her mouth took a dozen slow, deep strokes of Frank's cock, looked up adoringly at the man who was already giving her so much fun, and did the same for Sam. From one to the other and back, she moved her face, bringing both men along slowly and building to their climaxes. 

For Candace, the best part of sucking a cock is feeling and tasting the semen as it spurts onto her tongue but she likes everything else about it too. She especially loves the sensation of the stiff shaft plunging between her lips and filling her mouth, but not so full that she can't move it around inside, licking it and feeling it against the back of her throat. To get the maximum enjoyment for them and her, she was sucking the two men slowly so she could prolong everybody's pleasure while building up to the best part.

I was bringing Candace along slowly too. After pleasing my tongue with the juices she had already produced, I started licking between one pair of her pussy lips, covering the entire surface of both labia many times over, until I reached the point where the two inner lips merge to form her clit hood. Carefully, I touched her sweet love toy that was already crowding out from under its protective hood, reveling in the spongy feel against my tongue. From the brief contact, she produced another gush of delicious juices and her pussy started fucking into my face.

"That feels great, George, but not too fast. I want to get a big mouthful of jazz from both these guys before I cum," Candace interrupted what she was doing to tell me. She would much rather suck the two cocks than talk so she didn't say any more; she just took Frank's cock all the way into her mouth again, murmuring happily as it pressed against the back of her throat, and resumed caressing it with her lips. I know from my own experience that her tongue was fondling the shaft as she stroked it in and out.

As she sucked his cock, I could hear Frank sighing and moaning and I knew he was getting close to cumming. Candace knew it too and wanted to delay it, so she took it out of her mouth and concentrated on sucking Sam's. One of the reasons she likes two at a time is that she can control the action and delay the men's climaxes. This lets her take a longer time and enjoy the feel of a hard shaft in her mouth for more total time than if she were to suck them off one right after the other. After having brought Frank to the verge of his climax, she let his ardor cool off while her mouth spent a long time stroking the cock of Sam, until he was also almost ready to cum. 

Candace has an unusually lovely pussy and I was really enjoying the visual part of what I was doing. All pussies are beautiful, especially when I am eating them, but those of African American women have a special quality. I really loved the contrasts of her light brown skin, her black pubic hair, her dark, almost purple inner lips that were swollen with arousal and the silky pink of her vagina and engorged clit. Besides the visual beauty, I reveled in the spongy feel of her labia against my tongue and the way her pussy was fucking into my face. The best parts of all, though, were the delightful aroma of Candace's pussy and the taste of her juices as they flowed freely. Just as she loves everything about sucking a cock, I loved everything about eating her pussy.

She and the two men she was sucking off were having a great time and they all wanted to prolong the pleasure as much as they could. However, all three of them were aware that the men would cum eventually, and Candace knew the time was close for both of them. After bringing Sam to the verge of his climax, she took Frank back into her eager mouth but with just a few caresses of her lips, he was also ready to cum. Knowing that the men would be unable to hold out much longer, she tightened her mouth on Frank's shaft and increased the pace of her strokes until he sighed once, groaned and ejaculated. Knowing Candace, I am sure her tongue was in place to catch everything that was spurting into her mouth. 

After savoring the first gob of semen, the very happy Candace swallowed it and kept sucking on the cock that had just provided it for her. Relishing the taste, she swallowed more of the viscous fluid until she was sure that no more would be squirting out. Frank's cock was still almost fully erect but she took it out of her mouth, licked off the tip and turned her head to envelop Sam's hard shaft in her mouth, tighten her lips and suck it the same way as she had sucked Frank's.

With the faster pace and her tighter lips, after his cock had been engulfed a few more times in the warm, wet place that felt so good, Sam started cumming too. Once again, Candace savored each gush before swallowing it and continued sucking until Sam's spurting had ended. She took the cock out of her mouth, licked off the head and under the ridge to get everything and turned to Frank to lick off all his cum, including what had oozed onto her hand. Candace loves the taste of semen, just as I love the taste of her pussy juices and neither of us likes to see them wasted.

When she was done relishing the two rations of semen and licking off both the cocks that had provided it, Candace turned her full attention to me and what I was doing with her pussy. Although I had avoided her clit up till then, my tongue had thoroughly caressed both her inner lips, including the place where they merge to form the hood that protects the sweetest of all her sweet spots. My mouth and the cocks of Sam and Frank, including all the semen they had fed to her, had brought Candace close to cumming too. 

"Okay, George, I'm ready to cum. I love the way you're eating me." After that, she gave herself over to totally enjoying her second favorite activity, having her pussy eaten. 

I didn't say anything, just started probing my tongue into the bottom rim of her love hole, feeling her delicious juices oozing onto my tongue. Slowly, I licked my way up one side of the lovely hole that was producing them, my tongue exploring under the inner lip. The other side of her pink hole merited the same treatment and while I licked, I immensely enjoyed the way Candace's pussy was fucking more and more strongly into my face while her body thrashed on the bed under me. 

The small space just above the top of her love hole is a highly erogenous zone for Candace and most women, since licking her there indirectly stimulates her clit, and that was where my tongue stroked her next. She moaned and said "Suck me there, George. Suck my clit; I'm ready to cum."

I could tell that she was and I pushed the protective hood out of the way with my tongue and drew her succulent clit into my mouth. "Yes! Yes!" she cried. "Suck me. Suck my clit."

No encouragement was necessary because I was truly enjoying the feel of her precious love button in my mouth. Seconds later, she started to cum. Candace's legs squeezed my temples and her hands pushed against the back of my head, pressing my face into her pussy. Besides jamming herself into my face, she was rocking from side to side on her ass, and her legs were swinging wildly, holding my head a willing prisoner. During her gyrations, my arms held tightly to her legs and I kept my mouth securely wrapped around her clit, sucking and licking and getting tremendous pleasure from her cumming. 

When Candace climaxed, it was with a great jerk of her whole body, pushing with her hands, squeezing with her legs and ramming her pussy one last time into my face. Although I couldn't see her face, I know she was smiling as she collapsed against the pillows, her legs and hands releasing my head. There was a smile on my face too, as I licked up all her delicious juices and backed out from under her legs. It made me feel good to look at her pretty, smiling face and know how much fun it had been for her, sucking off Frank and Sam and having her pussy eaten.

Candace felt great about it too and, after she had fully recovered from her orgasm, she said "That was really wonderful, George. I always love it when you eat my pussy and now I want to do the same for you. I want you to come here and give my mouth a good fucking." She slid down on the bed to get into position for me to do what she wanted.

Of course, I was glad to do what she had asked and I moved up and crouched over her, holding onto the metal headboard of the bed. Like most people who really love sucking cocks, Candace likes to be in control, stroking with her mouth at her own pace and taking the man in to the depth she wants. Sometimes, though, with somebody like me, whom she trusts and who is ordinary in size, she likes to relinquish control and be passively fucked in the mouth and that evening was one of those times. 

While she lay with her mouth open wide, I slowly lowered myself toward her until the tip of my cock had entered. After letting Candace adjust her position for comfort I slowly stroked in my cock until I could feel it pressing against the back of her throat. She closed her lips to apply enough pressure to give us both the maximum pleasure. Moving slowly again, I drew back out until just the tip was between her lips. 

Although nothing was said, I knew she had enjoyed the first stroke and wanted many more. Her mouth was wide open again with her tongue protruding out over her lower teeth and the second time I thrust my cock into her mouth, I could feel her licking my shaft as it entered. When the tip of my cock again pressed against the back of her throat and I withdrew, her tongue continued laving my shaft. 

Over and over I plunged my cock in and out of her mouth and I could hear Candace murmuring her enjoyment. Although she had started out passively, it was too much fun for her to just lie still and be fucked so she was moving her face forward to meet me, pressing her nose against my pubic hair every time my cock surged into her mouth. Although she couldn't talk beyond murmuring, she did catch my eye as I was watching my cock going in and out of her mouth, and give me the signal of approval with her thumb and index finger. 

I was moaning by that time because the lips that were the gateway to Candace's perfect mouth applied just enough pressure to my cock give me the maximum pleasure. They were tight, providing resistance, but not tight enough to cause pain. In addition to her lips, her incredibly agile tongue was caressing my entire shaft, both as it entered and as it left her mouth. Even the slit in the end of my cock was receiving more attention than I had any right to expect as her tongue fondled it with every stroke back, when just the head was between her lips. The intense pleasure from what Candace was doing to me reverberated throughout my body, rapidly building to ecstasy.

Even Sam and Frank were enjoying what we were doing. As they waited their turns to be sucked off again, both their cocks were erect, partly from the erotic sight of me fucking Candace between her lips but mostly from anticipating being sucked off again by the same mouth. 

Although I was stroking into her mouth slowly, wanting to prolong the pleasure we were both getting, I could feel my climax building and I knew I was going to cum soon. After a few more minutes, although I was thrusting my cock into her mouth even slower, I knew it was imminent. "I'm ready to cum," I told her.

Candace wasn't able to answer me but she did respond by taking complete charge, her lips caressing my cock faster and with shorter strokes than I had been using. Although she was more active, her tongue was less busy, just licking the bottom of my shaft as it surged into her mouth.

From the incredible pleasure she was giving me, I was feeling weak and I gladly let her take control over what we were doing. Digging my feet into the mattress, my knees bent to give Candace the easiest access to my cock, I put most of my weight on the headboard of the bed. Faster and faster her mouth stroked my cock until I could hold back no longer. My mounting pleasure collapsed like a stack of pencils and I climaxed, sighing happily and ejaculating into Candace's mouth. She savored and swallowed each burst of semen and when there were no more, she put her thumb at the base of my cock, just in front of my balls, and drew it forward, forcing out all the viscous fluid. Candace swallowed everything she had gotten and took my cock from her mouth to lick off the head and under the ridge, followed by sucking her fingers and licking her lips. 

After enjoying everything my cock had to offer, Candace adjusted the pillow under her ass and leaned back into the pillows against the headboard. With a happy smile, she looked at the banana and the big chocolate bar, both erect and waiting to pleasure her. Frank and Sam leaned forward; Candace selected Sam's cock but this time, before taking it directly into her mouth, she licked the underside, enjoying the feel of the tight, smooth skin against her tongue. After that, she drew it slowly into her mouth for a few strokes. She expected to once again suck off both men, swallow all their semen and enjoy herself tremendously before the four of us were through for the day. 

We also expected that I would eat her pussy, prolonging her pleasure and mine as much as possible, until she climaxed. As Candace started to suck the men's cocks, her ass rested on the pillow; her legs were spread and her pussy was waiting for me to get into position. I did so eagerly and, with my arms around her thighs and her legs resting on my shoulders, I once again savored the incredible aroma. She had lubricated heavily while sucking me off and I had the privilege of licking all the delicious juices from her thighs, her belly and her adorable pussy. 

After caressing Sam's shaft with her lips, Candace turned her attentions to the bigger cock of Frank. Murmuring happily, she licked it all over before enveloping it in her mouth all the way to his pubic hair and briefly sucking it in and out. As usual, the last contact of her mouth with Frank's cock was her tongue stroking the slit and under the head. The second turn for Sam lasted longer and, by the time Candace changed again, he was squirming from the pleasure she was giving him.
