 "Candace, you're off belay!" I called up to my girlfriend as she began to clean the tough 5.10b route she had just climbed. We had been rock climbing for several days in central Turkey, and our bodies were starting to ache from the difficult ascents. As she prepared to descend, our climbing friend Tammy came over to strike up a conversation as well as admire the view.

Tammy is a tall, statuesque friend we know from Seattle, and has always had a thing for Candace. She has a curvy, Amazonian physique and very feisty attitude. "Real nice climbing partner you've got there Eric... a lot of stamina!"

"A lot of stamina indeed," I suggestively replied, getting the feeling that Tammy was obliquely asking about more than just climbing stamina.

"Oh really?" Tammy said knowingly. "You better watch out then, there are a lot of other guys out here that would love an opportunity to see exactly how much she's got to give!"

It was true. We were staying at a small climbing camp, and a vast majority of the other campers were unattached men - mostly westerners traveling for the great climbing opportunities. Many of them were there for days or weeks, away from any women, let alone western ones. And I could tell from the looks Candace was getting around camp that their libidos were in overdrive. Tammy had mentioned it to me before too, but what I told her next kind of shocked her.

"Well... to be honest, I'd like to see that too."

"Really?" She asked incredulously. "You'd be okay with that?"

"Well, Candace has actually had a pretty big gangbang fantasy for a long time," I explained. "And with all these strong guys around, she has been super horny the past few days, and has been trying to fuck me every opportunity she gets. But we try to keep it quiet at camp, which makes it really hard for her to get off. I've been getting off fine - but she needs it pretty bad."

Tammy had a strange look on her face. I panicked... "Oh shit - TMI! I have this tendency to just turn my filter off sometimes," I explained embarrassedly.

"No it's okay," Tammy said, "I actually had heard that you guys have a pretty open relationship... I guess I was just hoping Candace was maybe, you know... into girls."

"Oh she is!" I quickly interjected. "She loves women too... especially strong ones." I gave her a look up and down to make it clear I was talking about her. "It's just that she's never had a gangbang before and she brings it up kind of a lot.

Tammy thought for a few seconds, then got a big smile on her face. I was about to ask, but before I could, she told me, "well in that case... I think I have an idea."

Intrigued, I asked for more details, but Tammy refused. "If you don't mind, leave it up to me." I thought about it for a while... is this something Candace would be okay with? I replayed various erotic discussions we have had over the years. Was she serious about those desires, or was it just fantasy? Candace and I have talked about some crazy stuff over the years, but I think she was genuine about this. And she has always been great about consent... we have a safe word and I know her limits and when she really means no.

I suddenly noticed Candace was lowering herself from the route and was about to rejoin us. "Fine... go for it" I finally concluded, right before she re-entered earshot. Tammy got a big grin as she greeted her... "Candace! Great climb, how was it?"

"Crazy hard! The moves were so technical and amazing! I feel high right now!" Candace gushed. She gets so excited after a successful route, and it's infectious. "What are you guys talking about?"

"Oh just some plans for later," responded Candace, giving me a very sly and knowing look. "But I've gotta get packing up, it's getting late and I need to prep for dinner before the sun goes down. See you around the camp?"

"Definitely, see you around!"

Candace and I decided to get in another climb before it got dark, but I couldn't get the conversation with Tammy off my mind. As Candace led the next route, I stared ravenously at her body - at 31, Candace was in peak physical condition. She had a perfect climber's body - broad shoulders, tight muscles everywhere, and an incredibly firm ass. And that's not to mention her curvy figure - she had a surprisingly large chest for a lean climber, and, appreciating the attention it gets her, she wore clothing to show it off. I couldn't stop thinking about all the things Tammy had planned for her.

After our climb, Candace and I walked back to the camp to get cleaned up - we were both a sweaty mess after what turned out to be a much hotter day than we anticipated. The camp was modest, but it did have running water which was a godsend. The shower room was co-ed, but we noticed it was empty as we entered. 

"Should we share a stall?" Candace asked me sexily. We both loved shower sex, but I the stalls were really small, and we really needed to clean up. "Maybe not babe - let's clean up and see about afterwards."

"Fine," she pouted. "But if no one comes in, you have to promise to lock the door later and fuck me extra hard. I haven't come in days and I need it SO bad!"

"I promise," I winked at her, my cock awaking at the thought of her this horny. When it's been a few days she goes wild, like an animal in heat.

The water was lukewarm, but that was fine after the hot day we had. I finished first and spent some time watching over the stall, as she rinsed the soap from her hair and it ran down her chest and legs. I was so mesmerized that I didn't even hear the shower room door open. Her eyes were closed, oblivious to me standing in the adjacent stall, stroking my cock, and even more oblivious to the footsteps that approached her stall door.

Suddenly the stall door was ripped open. Candace and I both turned our heads and saw two large men there, with Tammy in between them. "Bring her to me." Tammy commanded. Candace looked over at me, and I gave her a suggestive look, which was returned by an unsure one. Sure or not, Candace was yanked out of the stall by the obedient studs, and thrown to the main shower room floor.

I exited my shower stall to find not two but five other men standing around Candace, hungrily rubbing their pants and staring at her naked body on the floor. "Eric told us what a little gangbang slut you want to be, prancing around here and flirting with everyone. Is that right?" Tammy barked at Candace.

She looked up at Tammy, helpless. "But... all these... guys?" She stammered. She turned her gaze to me, genuinely afraid. I worried, had I gone too far?

"Look at me slut, not at him," Tammy ordered. "You do what I say now. Yes, you can take all these guys, and I'm going to make sure of it."

Candace looked slightly more relieved, and I was too. Tammy seemed in control, and I think having another woman there made Candace more confident. But that relief was temporary as Tammy ordered the two men who first grabbed her out of the shower to each grab an arm and leg, and hold Candace in the air. She was about to protest, but Tammy swiftly dropped her knees and started eating her pussy. Candace let out a deep moan, and even as she struggled against her captors, I could tell she was glad to finally be getting some sexual attention.

"Oh yes, this wet slut is going be able to take all these cocks nicely!" exclaimed Tammy, coming up momentarily for air. "Look at those rock hard nipples boys!" It was true, her nipples had become incredibly erect as the bossy Tammy lapped up her juices. "Bite them as I loosen up this pussy for your cocks!"

We all gathered around, each holding a limb as two of the men bit and sucked at her nipples. I was holding her right arm, and whenever they bit too hard, Candace would contract in pain, but we would quickly pull her back into place and bite some more. Meanwhile, Tammy began working her fingers into Candace's pussy as she licked her clit. I could tell from the wetness coating Tammy's face that this wouldn't last long - her hips started bucking and legs started to quiver. The men started abusing her nipples even more to try to take her mind off her impending orgasm. I tried shoving my fingers down her throat to distract her. But her orgasm came regardless, and it came hard. Even the six of us could barely control her, and her body recoiled sharply from the intensity of it all. We laid her body on the ground in a heap, quivering and gasping for air.

This was perfect. I know from experience that once you make Candace cum like this, she is putty in your hands. Anything goes now. She becomes insatiable.

Candace was still in charge, however. This was clearly her game. "Boys, I think her pussy is ready for some cock!" Tammy laughed, and without even looking up, Candace nodded in approval. Tammy rolled Candace over on her knees and positioned her ass in the air. Eric, she's your slut, you want to fill up her wet hole first?

"Yes ma'am," I replied obediently, happy to have this opportunity. And after all, I was the only one naked - the rest were still in climbing pants, although their rigid cocks pressed against the stretchy fabric didn't leave much to the imagination.

As I positioned myself near her entrance, Tammy stripped her clothes off as well and laid down in front of her. "I have to get mine next of course!" Tammy exclaimed greedily, as she lowered her swolen cunt in front of my girlfriend's face. I entered Candace roughly, her twat already slick and wide open from Tammy's oral onslaught. This forced Candace's face into Tammy's clit, and made them both moan.

"Work my pussy, slut!" Tammy ordered, and Candace obliged, working her fingers one by one into Tammy's canal. "Make it cum like I made you cum!" Candace eagerly lapped at her pussy, fucking her as hard as she could with her fingers. "Fill my ass too!" Tammy demanded. Again, Candace obeyed, using her other hand to work fingers into her ass. I started really pumping hard, every stroke forcing my girlfriend's tongue harder onto this gorgeous dyke's clit. 

Meanwhile I became aware that all the guys had shed their pants, stroking their rods and watching with glee as these two sluts were getting off. My pace slowed slightly as an orgasm started to build, to the chagrin or Tammy, whose clit was suddenly getting rammed less intensely, so she ordered another man to take my place. Fine by me - I wanted to save my load for later!

The next guy started pumping with increased vigor, and Tammy's moans got louder as Candace tongued her clit. "Yes! Ram this slut into my pussy! Drill her so she licks extra hard!" As she yelled these filthy comments, I could also hear the sounds of sex get more audible. I couldn't tell if it was Candace's pussy that got more wet, or Tammy's (or likely both) but the sloshing sound was loud and arousing. "Yes! Fuck her harder! Harder!" Tammy kept yelling, "pound her like a dirty whore!"

Hearing my girlfriend being degraded and used like this was an incredible turn on, but the guy slamming her pussy was clearly nearing the edge, so Tammy selected another man to finish the job. "Ron, you get in there!" She demanded, and the guy with by far the largest cock stepped to the front of the pack. It must have been ten inches, and incredibly thick. I couldn't believe this guy, a complete stranger whose name I hadn't even known until a moment ago, was going to force himself inside my girlfriend. I'm about 8 inches and sometimes she has trouble taking me, especially doggy style like this. But Candace stayed locked on Tammy's clit, still obediently sucking and probing her pussy and ass, oblivious to the monster that was about to enter her.

Ron (apparently that's his name) placed the thick head of his cock against Candace's entrance. Her pussy was already open from the two cocks she had taken previously, but Ron's head still eclipsed her gaping hole. As he pressed it inwards, Candace suddenly became aware of how big of a cock she was taking, and tried to turn around to take a look, but Tammy grabbed her hair and forced it back onto her pussy. "Did I tell you you could stop licking slut?" She asked. As she resumed licking, Ron started entering her. As he stretched her pussy walls, Candace's eyes bulged, barely able to fathom the cock that was entering her, and helpless to stop it. Tammy held her head steady, and I could tell from the look on Tammy's face that Candace was still obediently lapping away.

"Keep working my holes, bitch, don't let that monster cock in your cunt take your mind off your job!" Tammy's words burned in my mind... my girlfriend was such a hot slut and I loved it. She quickly stretched to Ron's girth, but I could tell she was still struggling to handle the length as he forced himself deeper and deeper inside of her. Tammy's hips started bucking as Ron was finally able to pick up speed. The sloppy wet noises returned as he buried himself deeper, and finally was able to cram his entire shaft down her cunt. I could tell the last inch or so hurt her a bit, but her pained moans were barely audible, as her mouth was being forcefully held over Tammy's sopping muff.

With her in this state, Ron was finally free to pound her with abandon. He retracted his entire length with each stroke, before roughly plunging it back into Candace's wet snatch. This force finally brought Tammy to the edge, and Candace's obedient finger work plunging into her pussy and ass sent her over. Tammy's strong hands held Candace's head in place as her pussy coated her face. She held it there for several seconds longer as she convulsed on Candace's tongue before finally releasing.

Ron stopped his thrusts and withdrew as we all took in the sight of these two sexy women in a heap together. But Candace clearly wanted more as she looked longingly back at the pack of us, all with rock hard cocks, none of which had cum yet. I knew after this fucking that she would be eager to take all of our loads.

For as hard as Tammy came, she recovered quickly. "Eric, come over here. I have one more important job to do."

I obliged as Tammy explained her final plan. "Eric, for your little whore here to have a real gangbang experience, we need to fill all her holes. That means her tight little ass too." I looked at Candace - we had experimented with double penetration in our personal lives, but having all three of her holes stretched in a rough gangbang hadn't ever been discussed. But I could see the lust in her eyes - there was no doubt that it was what she wanted. "You hold her down, and I'm going to get that ass ready. Feel free to fill her mouth if she screams." Excited to see how my complacent little girlfriend would handle this, I grabbed her roughly and put her back on her knees. Pulling her arms behind her back, I placed my knee on top to pin her down. My raging erection hung in front of her face as her trembling ass lifted high into the air.

Tammy lubed her fingers with the wetness from her cunt and worked her fingers into Candace's ass. She was tight - she always is at first - but Tammy was determined, and at this point there was no stopping her anyway. As soon as she was two knuckles deep, as Tammy predicted, Candace began to cry out. Already in position, I filled her mouth with my cock and pushed it to the back of her throat. She squirmed, so two of the guys came over to hold her legs too, so she couldn't evade Tammy's anal assault. I could feel her muffled screams in her throat but Tammy slowed and spit on her ass to lube it further. This quickly turned her screams to coos, and before long she was eagerly sucking my cock as her ass was stretched with Tammy's third, and then fourth finger.

Tammy stood up and indicated for me to do the same. "Well boys, the slut's all yours. Stretched and willing. Fuck her good!" She winked at me, turned around, and left.

We all let the door slam, staring at Candace writhing on the ground. She was touching herself and looking apprehensively at the six of us staring down at her. Previously, Tammy had been in charge. Now, they guys looked to me, unsure of how to proceed. "Guys, it's okay. She's all yours," I assured. Confidently the pack moved towards her, grabbing her arms and torso. "Damn, they are going to rip her apart," I thought to myself.

They bent her first over a sink, and one guy plunged into her newly-opened asshole. She winced from the pain at first - Tammy had loosened her anus, but this was the first time she had taken a cock that deep. As she cried out, another quickly filled her mouth. She turned her focus to zealously sucking this cock, and as she did so, her ass began to relax. This led her anal abuser to drill harder, pounding her against the sink until it began to creak.

Unguided, she reached out and grabbed a third cock and started stroking it. I could tell she had been thinking about this... she was totally craving their cum and wanted to keep them as stimulated as possible. They pumped away at her eager body, her moans filling the room. The guy in her mouth came quickly, and she swallowed it up like the cum hungry slut she was. He was quickly replaced with another, which she sucked with equal vigor.

I enjoyed the view, but I knew it was time to fill her completely. Pushing the guys aside, I grabbed her from the sink and pulled her down on top of me, my back on the floor as she faced me and took my dick in her pussy. This was a fantasy I had for a while too - having my insatiable girlfriend ride my cock as other men viciously penetrated her. "Come on guys, don't be shy!" I was not disappointed - in no time, another guy was positioned at her ass and yet another at her mouth. "All at once fellas - let's fill her up!"

The three of us all buried our cocks in her holes simultaneously, as deep as we could go, and held them there. She wasn't ready for this, and squirmed like crazy. We held fast, our dicks only getting harder as she struggled to take us all. It was incredibly hot - I could feel every muscle in her body resist, then adjust, then give in. Pretty soon she was rocking back and forth, finally adjusting to the intrusions.

The other men stroked their dicks, spouting obscenities at the scene unfolding in front of them. "Yeah fuck that slut!" "Fill her with your cum!" "Give me a turn so I can get rough with her!" "She loves that cock in all her holes!" It was true, she did, as I could see her eyes widening more. The man in her mouth pulled out and asked where she wanted his cum. "In my mouth!" she pleaded, opening it for him. I could see from the smile across her face as he shot his load that she was loving this.

A new guy stepped up, with a cock nearly as large as Ron's, but not nearly as thick. Perfect for her sexy mouth. He grabbed her hair and forced himself inside... not that he had much resistance! But his cock was so long that it really couldn't fit it very deep. Undeterred, Candace grabbed his freely swinging balls and drew him deeper into her throat. I couldn't believe it but, but in a few minutes she managed to take him so deep that the balls hit her chin. She was deep throating nine inches of cock, while her ass and pussy were also full!

I was in heaven watching her turn into such a cock hungry slut, but what happened next was even more amazing. The guy in her mouth, not content that she was able to deep throat him on her own, moved her hands out of the way and started fucking her throat. Another guy grabbed her hands and held them behind her back so she couldn't resist. Now, I happen to know that Candace doesn't have much of a gag reflex... I've taken care of that. But that doesn't mean she doesn't struggle a bit from a hard face fucking. And struggle she did - every stroke, I felt her pussy and ass tense up like I've never felt before. Me and the guy in her ass had to stop fucking her, and just hold our cocks inside as she clenched down. Of course this made us harder than ever, our dicks throbbing and rock hard in her dual entrances.
