 Candice and Julia arrived just in time to see Max win the final hand at the final table -- stacks of chips were piled high; he smiled as broadly as someone who, well, someone who had just won $10,000. For the second time in two days, Max was uncharacteristically and unguardedly emotional. Normally Max was unaffected, unaffected by women and unaffected by money, but Candice softened him, made him more real, made him something that he hadn't previously been, it was vaguely unnerving but nevertheless exciting.

"Congratulations," said Candice. She hugged Max affectionately and kissed him passionately on the lips. "I'd like you to meet my new friend -- Julia." Julia extended a hand forward and shook Max's hand. "It's nice to meet you; Candice talked about you all afternoon." She pecked him on the cheek.

Candice and Julia were dressed for clubbing: low-cut dresses, high heels, smoky eyes, rich pink lipstick; Max was dressed for Texas hold 'em -- blue jeans and T-shirt. "Come on Max, you're underdressed; we'll help you get ready for the evening," said Candice with raised eyebrows. She interlocked elbows with Julia and tugged Max toward the elevators.

With adrenaline fueled excitement Max gave a blow-by-blow account of his afternoon of card playing -- he'd gone all-in a few times and was lucky that his bluffs weren't called. But the hand that solidified his lead came late in the day -- he drew a pair of Kings and a third king came on the flop. He played it cool; he had an 85 percent chance of winning but his opponent was cocky and confident. They both went all in; his opponent revealed pocket aces and Max's heart sank; his probability of winning declined significantly. Incredibly, the King of hearts was the final river card. After that, it was an easy path to victory.

By the time they arrived on the 24th floor Max was so hopped up he didn't notice that Candice had stopped and inserted her electronic room key. When he realized she wasn't beside him, he retraced his steps, smiled and shook his head. Candice handed Max the room key and said, "Just come in when you're showered and changed." She winked and closed her door.

Julia was lying on the bed with her eyes closed, thinking of all that had transpired. She wasn't sure where the evening was headed, but she was willing to play along, willing to let go and experience something completely new. Candice slid beside her; sexuality wafted through the room. Candice touched Julia's shoulder, "Your skin is still warm; does it hurt?" Candice gently kissed her shoulder and neck.

"No," said Julia with a nervous smile. "I had a wonderful day."

"Me too," cooed Candice. "I'm glad you sat next to me at the pool." She again kissed Julia's neck and shoulder, a little softer and tenderer.

"Serendipity," whispered Julia. "But I've never done this before... have never... you know... been with another woman." Her voice was subdued and tentative.

Candice kissed her softly on the lips, reassuring her that it didn't matter, that it was okay, and that it was meant to be. "You are beautiful," purred Candice. She stroked her cheek and cupped her neck and kissed her again, this time parting her lips with her tongue. Candice toyed with the thin straps of Julia's dress and slowly inched them off, kissing her neck, shoulder and upper arm. She kissed Julia again -- this time Julia's tongue was not passive. Unconsciously, Julia slightly parted her legs.

Candice slowly unzipped Julia's dress; she kissed her neck and collarbone. Julia was under a spell -- she lifted her arms over her head and Candice slipped off her dress. She wasn't wearing a bra and Candice admired Julia's large upturned breasts -- Candice fondled them and sucked her aroused nipples and licked circles around her areola. Julia squirmed with excitement -- the tenderness of a woman's touch was unfamiliar but undeniably stimulating. Candice ran her fingers through Julia's long blonde hair and pulled her close for another passionate kiss.

Sensing that Julia would be less inhibited if they were both naked, Candice unzipped her dress and wiggled out of it -- she raised her eyebrows and smiled devilishly. Candice guided Julia's face to her small tits; Julia kissed Candice's nipples timidly -- Candice moaned and encouraged Julia. Julia flicked her tongue less hesitantly and sucked more naturally, almost wantonly. Candice responded with louder moans. Julia ran her hands through Candice's short black hair and traced an outline over her fine cheekbone. The tipping point was breached -- Julia was all in; they groped and kissed passionately.

From her side of the bed, Candice pulled back the bedspread, fluffed up a large white pillow and laid Julia down. She kissed her lips, her neck, her cleavage, and her belly button. She rubbed her through her panties. Julia's legs again parted, this time intentionally. Candice teased with the elastic and continued touching her through the silky material, occasionally pressing the soft middle spot. She kissed her again; Candice looked into Julia's large blue eyes -- she loved the way Julia had done her makeup, sultry, erotic, and a little slutty. She kissed gently her glossy pink lips, stared into her eyes and slipped her hand inside Julia's panties. She touched her delicately and traced along the outside of her labia, teasing her.

With her middle finger, Candice slowly touched the outside of her squishy hole and slightly pushed. Julia's breathing was ragged -- she desperately wanted Candice to finger her like her boyfriend did, but Candice teased and took her time. Julia would learn the way that women loved; she was determined that Julia's first girl-induced orgasm was memorable. Candice slightly pushed in her finger and slowly backed out, but not all the way. She held Julia's gaze and continued -- each time a centimeter deeper and a fraction faster.

But the sexual tension that had built all afternoon was too much; Julia frantically circled and rubbed her clit through the soft silky material. Candice increase the speed, just enough; Julia panted and thrust her hips back and forth; she was close and Candice knew it. She whispered into Julia's ear, "Julia," her words were soft, "You're so pretty..." She licked her earlobe and nuzzled her, "Baby, baby, baby... ooh..."

"Candice," said Julia desperately, biting her lower lip, "Faster, deeper... Yes like that..." She involuntarily thrust her hips, again and again until her orgasm finally subsided.

Candice pressed her body into Julia, held her, kissed her, caressed her, stroked her... loved her like no man could. Candice kissed from her neck to her navel and slowly and seductively pulled off Julia's panties.

With long strokes Candice licked Julia's pussy from bottom to top; she darted and flicked her tongue -- she loved the taste of a new lesbian. Candice sucked Julia's clit while simultaneously easing in her index and middle finger. Julia wasn't prepared for the incredible sensation; she shuttered and moaned loudly. She grabbed a handful of Candice's hair and pulled her closer to her pussy. Until today, she never imagined that she'd have such a strikingly beautiful woman eating her out, and bringing her to places she hadn't imagined. Julia grinded her hips into Candice, rubbed furiously her clitoris and came again.

Julia laughed out loud, sucked in a breath and laughed again -- she couldn't believe it. Candice smiled broadly, contently. Julia affectionately held Candice's face and kissed her; their tongues explored each other's mouths.

Julia stood; she was new at this but knew that it was Candice's turn. Candice leaned back against the pillow. Julia remembered the lessons -- she kissed Candice's neck, sucked her tits, licked circles around her areola. She kissed Candice's sharp hips and worked lower until she was face-to-face with Candice's finely manicured, perfectly balanced, swollen pussy lips. She didn't hesitate to taste her first woman -- the tangy sweetness would be something she'd never forget -- uncertain exactly what to do, but knowing what she just experienced, Julia gently nibbled and sucked, stuck her tongue deeply into Candice and licked ferociously. Candice grabbed Julia's hair, and wiggled her hips like she was on the dance floor. Julia pushed her thumb into Candice's slick opening, and fucked and sucked until her new girlfriend climaxed. They kissed and fondled and enjoyed the post-orgasmic bliss.

The door opened and Max appeared -- he wasn't surprised that Candice and Julia were wrapped in each other's arms, in fact, he had deduced that it would be so; it was a logical conclusion, and everyone knew Max loved logic. He smiled and was glad that he was welcome.

Candice and Julia smiled back; Candice motioned for Max to come closer. He stood in front of her while she unzipped his fly and unbuttoned his pants. "Oh my," said Candice with a big goofy smile. She curled her fingers around his stiff thickness and stroked and tasted his excitement. She yanked his boxers to his knees -- with her right hand she stroked, with her left she fondled his balls; she loved the feeling of his loose shaft skin gliding over his thick rigid column.

Julia hopped off the bed and helped Max unbutton his shirt -- she kissed his strong shoulders, thick neck and muscular arms. Although Max had a sedentary profession, he was in remarkable shape -- he went to the gym three nights a week, ran 10 miles on the weekend, swam in the summer, played basketball with the guys in the winter; he was limber and nimble but remarkably strong.

Candice stood and helped Julia; the girls were temporarily satiated -- Max was the center of their attention. With her delicate fingers Candice traced lines around his well-defined pectorals and sucked his nipples -- they weren't soft and supple like Julia's but nevertheless responded and contracted into small hard pebbles. She ran her hands over his washboard stomach muscles, reached behind and grabbed his firm ass. Candice stood on her toes, wrapped her arms around Max's neck and kissed him as passionately as she had kissed Julia just moments ago.

Julia pulled back the bedspread, propped up the pillows and reclined on the left side of the king-size bed and pleasured herself; she toyed with her pussy and fondled her tits; they were big enough that she could lick her own nipples. Every nerve ending was as sensitive as a delicate flower. Prior to today she'd never made love to a woman and she had never watched a couple make love; this was the most sensual and erotic day of her life -- she already had two orgasms and expected the number to rise. But for now, she wasn't in a rush -- her eyes were transfixed on Candice and Max and she was content to pleasure herself to their rhythm.

Candice pushed Max to the bed and straddled him -- the pent up sexual tension snapped like a rubber band and exploded into a rage of passion. Candice held his face with her hands, caressed his strong chin, looked deeply into his eyes, and into his soul. Max stared infatuatedly, and kissed her as passionately as he ever had kissed.

Candice slid down, scratched his chest with her fingernails and traced along the thick trail of dark black hair starting at his belly button. She grabbed his big dick and licked from bottom to top, never averting her gaze from his. She ran her tongue around his bulbous head and smiled seductively. She bobbed up and down, and swallowed one third of his thick, veined cock -- she licked the underside of it, traced her tongue around his full engorgement -- Candice raised her eyebrows, licked her lips and smiled -- his nickname would forever be Max Wide. He sat forward, they embraced -- she ran her hands through his wavy dark hair.

Candice laid back and spread her legs -- Max dove in and sucked her pussy, considerably rougher than Julia had; it drove Candice crazy. His stubbly face scratched against her sensitive inner thighs; he licked and pushed his tongue into her opening. He circled her clitoris with his large thumb. Their hands connected and their fingers interlaced. They smiled contentedly, each knowing that this was the beginning of a relationship, one that would endure, but one that wouldn't stale -- Candice would ensure that.

Max kneeled between Candice's widespread legs and slowly pushed into her -- his hips gently thrust, their eyes were locked on one another. Max increased the pace; Candice momentarily held tenderly his face, stared deeply into his soul. But more pressing issues distracted her -- she wanted him, badly. She grabbed his ass and rubbed his shoulders. His pace increased and he thrust faster; they were caught in a vortex of desire, of need, of longing, of inevitability. Candice wrapped her legs around his waist and wriggled with delight.

He slowed down and savored the moment; he pushed his cock into her and then withdrew it completely; in one moment he teased and in the next he drove hard and deep, and then slowed again; the alternating intensity was incredible -- Max was multi-talented and surprised Candice with his abilities; he wasn't just another smart mind.

They rolled over, still connected -- Candice was now on top. She bounced on him, leaned back, rocked her hips and drove into him. Neither was aware of anything in the room; they were completely absorbed in one another -- they didn't hear Julia cheering them on, didn't hear her panting; didn't hear Julia grunt, "Fuck her... Max...Ooh..."

Max fondled Candice's small tits and rubbed her clit -- Candice was close, she bounced up and down and rubbed Max's chest; she wrapped her fingers around his neck and kissed him. Max met her down strokes with up strokes. They were as close as they could possibly be, physically, emotionally and spiritually. They were completely in sync and came together -- they kissed desperately; they held each other and shared an unspoken truth -- the wait was worth it.

The next day at the office Candice looked up from her computer screen and said, "Okay, just so you know, I have a thing for girls with long blonde hair." 

Max looked up and smiled, "Just so you know, that's fine with me."