 The party was in full swing. Although the buffet table had been laden with food at the beginning, it was now almost empty. And Tanya was hungry.

Why hadn't she and Tyler arrived earlier? They'd talked about going to dinner, but had decided not to on the basis that there'd be food at the party. But they'd sidetracked each other in the hotel room, and now they were too late to get anything to eat.

"You look hot!"

Tanya turned toward the voice and smiled. "Hello, Max. Thank you."

"You're very welcome." Max looked around. "Where's your man?"

"He's gone to the bathroom. He'll be right back."

"If I were him, I wouldn't leave such a beautiful woman alone."

"He'll be right back," Tanya repeated. 

Max took something out of his pocket and popped it into his mouth. "Mmm. Delicious. Almost as much as you."

Tanya laughed. "And how would you know whether I'm delicious?"

"I can tell just by looking at you."

"What are you eating?"

"Black licorice jelly beans." He took the bag out of his pocket. "I love these things."

"So do I," Tanya said. "Can I have a few?" Candy wasn't exactly nutritious, but it might keep her stomach from growling for a little while.

"I don't know." Max grinned. "What do I get?"

"What do you want?"

Max leaned closer and said softly in her ear, "A long, sweet kiss."

"I might be able to do that."

"Won't your man mind?"

"I don't know. Maybe not, if you let him watch."

An arm slipped around Tanya's waist. Tanya jumped, then smiled as Tyler kissed her cheek. "Did I miss anything?" he asked.

"You missed your woman asking for jelly beans," Max said.

"Hungry, Tanya?" Tyler said. "I told you we should have eaten before we came to the party."

"You did eat," Tanya teased. "And he has black licorice jelly beans. My favorite."

"Oh, really?" Tyler nuzzled her neck. "I thought I was your favorite snack."

"Okay, jelly beans are my second favorite."

"And you can have some, after you ask your man's permission," Max said.

"Permission for what?" Tyler asked.

Tanya blushed. "Um... Max said I could have some jelly beans if I kiss him."

"And what did you say?"

"That I thought maybe you wouldn't mind as long as you got to watch." Tanya held her breath. She and Tyler had talked about him watching her with another man, but they generally only mentioned it to turn each other on. How would he react now that it might be a reality, even if it was only going to stop with a kiss?

"Watch my sexy woman kiss another man?" Tyler considered it. "I suppose I could tolerate that, especially if it earns you jelly beans."

"Are you serious?" Tanya asked.

"If you are."

Was she? Could she actually kiss another man in front of her boyfriend? She knew Max wasn't looking for a peck on the cheek, or even a peck on the lips. He wanted a real kiss. If it wasn't for Tyler, Tanya would have been more than happy to kiss Max the way he wanted. He was tall, slim, and attractive; mocha-brown skin, curly black hair, deep brown eyes. Tanya had always had a thing for men with dark skin, though she'd never dated one. Kissing Max would be far from a chore. But she was worried about how Tyler would react, even though he'd given his okay.

"Let's go out to the parking lot," Max suggested. "Maybe you'd rather not have an audience."

"Good idea." Tyler took Tanya's hand. "Come on, honey. Let's go get you those jelly beans."

Tanya allowed Tyler to lead her to the parking lot. Max walked beside them, close enough that Tanya could feel his body heat, but he kept a slight space between them. It was both a relief and a disappointment that he wasn't close enough to touch.

"I'm parked in the far corner," Max said. "That should be far enough that people won't spy on us. Though I couldn't blame them if they did, such a hot lady going to the parking lot alone with two men."

"So I can get some candy," Tanya said.

"Uh huh. I'll make sure you get something really sweet."

Tyler squeezed Tanya's hands. "It's all in fun. And you don't have to go through with it. Though I know you when you get hungry; you'll do just about anything to get something to eat."

"Yeah, right." 

Max led them to his car, a BMW that he had parked so no one could park close beside him. Tanya could understand why; the car looked brand new. "Hot car," she said.

"Thanks. Just got it." Max took her free hand and pulled her beside his car. Tyler let go of her. "All right, baby. Let's see if you really want these jelly beans."

"Go ahead, Tanya." Tyler's voice betrayed his excitement. "It's okay."

Tanya turned to Max and put her arms around him. He was several inches taller than she was, and had to bend to touch his lips to hers. But it was more than just touching lips. Max had asked for a long kiss, and that was what Tanya gave him, pressing her lips more forcefully against his, then tickling his lips with her tongue. He opened his mouth and met her tongue with his, and Tanya let out a muffled moan.

And then another one as Max's hand found her breast. This wasn't part of the agreement... but it felt too good to stop. Tanya held her breath, waiting for Tyler to say something, but he stayed silent. Taking Tanya's lack of response as consent, Max slipped his hand inside her dress and lightly pinched her hard nipple. Abruptly, Tanya broke the kiss. "That wasn't in the deal," she said.

"But you like it, don't you?" Max squeezed her breast, and Tanya gasped. "I knew you did."

Tanya looked at Tyler. Not only did he not look angry, he actually had a smile on his face! His hand rubbed the front of his pants as he watched another man fondle his girlfriend. "You don't see a problem here?" Tanya demanded.

"Do you?" Tyler countered. "I see a gorgeous, sexy woman feeling good. Go with it, sweetie. Let me watch you enjoy yourself."

"And let me make you feel good." Max was so close to Tanya's ear that his breath tickled her. 

He kissed her neck, moving from just below her ear down to the spot where her neck and shoulder met. The spot that drove her absolutely wild when anyone kissed it. An involuntary "oh, god!" escaped before Tanya could stop herself.

Against her skin, she felt Max's mouth curve into a smile. He kissed lower, moving to her cleavage, then pulled the top of her dress aside, revealing a breast. When he took her nipple in his mouth, Tanya thought she would scream. She glanced at Tyler. His pants were open now, his hand inside. 

If Tyler was enjoying the show, Tanya decided she might as well give him more to enjoy. She reached for the front of Max's pants. From the size of the bulge there, she realized she might be in for more than she'd bargained for.

If things even got that far... which they wouldn't. This was supposed to just be a kiss. But if it was only a kiss, why was her nipple in Max's mouth? And why was her hand fumbling with his belt, as though independent of her brain?

"That's it, baby," Max whispered. "Take it out. You know you want to see it."

"I- I don't know," Tanya said. "This is-"

"This is hot," Tyler said. "This is what you've been fantasizing about, isn't it, Tanya? We've talked about me watching you with another guy."

"Oh, you have, have you?" Max lightly smacked Tanya's ass. "Naughty girl, aren't you? Well, let's give you that fantasy, then."

What the hell. If Tyler was all right with it, why not? Tanya succeeded in undoing Max's belt, then slid down the zipper and opened the button. She tugged his pants down just enough to let his cock spring free. "Damn, that's huge!" She put her hand over her mouth. "Um..."

"It's okay, baby," Max said. "Glad you like what you see." He took her hand and wrapped it around his cock. "Show me how much you like it."

Tanya stroked him. Max returned the favor by reaching under her short dress. "No panties, huh?" he said softly. "My kind of woman."

"It was someone else's idea." Tanya looked at Tyler. "I thought you were the one who was supposed to enjoy my commando-ness."

"I am enjoying it," he replied. "I'm just not the one touching it."

Max rubbed Tanya's clit. "Oh, god!" she said. 

"Want me to stop?" Max asked.

"Hell, no!"

Max thrust a finger inside her as he continued playing with her clit. Tanya shuddered and cried out as an orgasm hit her. "Fuck!"

"What do you think, man?" Max asked Tyler. "You like seeing your woman cum like this?"

"I like seeing my woman feeling good," Tyler replied.

Barely believing what she was doing, Tanya knelt in front of Max and licked the tip of his cock. He stepped back. "That isn't what I want," he said. "Suck your man, baby. I'm going to fuck you."

She couldn't have heard him right. "You're what?"

"I'm going to fuck your sweet cunt while you suck your man." 

In a quick movement, Max knelt behind Tanya and pushed her dress up. Tyler stepped in front of Tanya and pressed his cock against her lips. Tanya opened her mouth to accept it, but almost bit it in her shock at feeling Max's huge prick working its way into her pussy. "Careful, there, honey," Tyler said softly. "Go slow, Max. She's not used to something quite that big."

"She'll get used to it." Max eased his cock further into her, stopping a couple of times to allow Tanya to adjust. "Keep sucking his cock, baby," he ordered. "I want to see you suck him while I fuck you."

Tanya sucked the head of Tyler's cock until he moaned, then plunged her mouth down as far as she could. Tyler wasn't as big as Max, but he was too big for her to take completely in her mouth. At the same instant, Max thrust fully into Tanya's cunt. She let out a strangled scream; she'd never been stretched so much. "That's it, sweetheart," Tyler said. "His dick's all the way in now. You look so hot with his dick in your pussy."

"And with his dick in your mouth," Max said. "I'm going to fuck you now, Tanya. Keep sucking him."

Slowly at first, Max thrust in and out of Tanya. She tried to keep the same rhythm on Tyler's cock, but was overtaken by another orgasm. "God, Tanya, you're so beautiful when you cum," Tyler said.

"Maybe next time, I'll be the one who gets to see her face." Max thrust harder, faster. "You like that, baby?"

With her mouth full of Tyler's cock, Tanya couldn't answer except with a strangled moan. She licked up Tyler's shaft, savoring the feeling of having a cock at each end. "That's it, honey," Tyler said. "Keep sucking. I'm almost there."

"So am I." Max's fucking became more urgent. "Do you want me to cum in your pussy, baby? Or should I let it go all over your gorgeous ass?"

If he came on her ass, she'd spend the night walking around with it, unless he had something in his car to clean her up with. But she didn't want anyone but Tyler cumming inside her. She released Tyler's cock long enough to say, "On me." 

She took Tyler's cock again, sucking hard, and was rewarded by a grunt as his cum filled her mouth. As she swallowed it, Max cried out, "Oh, fuck, baby!" He thrust into her a few more times, bringing her over the brink of another orgasm, then pulled out. Tanya felt the warm wetness of his cum spraying on her ass. "God, Tanya, that's one of the best fucks I've had!"

Panting, Tanya leaned against Max's car. If not for the need to keep her dress reasonably clean, she would have laid down on the ground; she was exhausted now. Her knees were sore from the small pebbles in the dirt of the parking lot, and her pussy was sore from the size of Max's cock. "Damn," she sighed.

"Got anything to clean her up with?" Tyler asked Max.

"Sure thing." Max took his keys out of his pocket and pushed the alarm deactivation button. "There's a towel in the back seat."

While Tyler got the towel, Max pulled up his pants and refastened them. Tanya was sorry to see his cock disappear; even though it had softened after Max came, it was still large. "Don't worry, baby," Max said. "You might get to see it again someday, if your man says it's okay."

Tyler crouched beside Tanya and gently wiped Max's cum off her. "How do you feel now that you've fulfilled your fantasy?" he asked. 

"Fucking tired," Tanya said.

The men laughed. "Hope you aren't too tired to party a little more," Max said. "Everyone's going to be wondering where you disappeared to."

Tyler helped Tanya up and pulled her into his arms. "That was the hottest thing I've ever seen," he said. "And you'd better get over being so tired, because after watching that, I'm going to be horny until we get back to the hotel. And then I'm going to fucking attack you."

"Maybe a sugar rush will help her." Max took the bag of jelly beans out of his pocket and held it out to Tanya. "Here you go, baby. You earned the whole bag."