 Just a short account of our long weekend in our capital city.

We travelled down on the Friday night and booked in at a small hotel in the outskirts of the city until the Monday. Saturday we spent sightseeing, having a good look around the sex area. We went in to several adult bookstores and sex shops where I bought several items including erotic underwear, some PVC clothes, handcuffs, and quite a nice multi thronged whip. I asked the guy behind the counter if I could try the underwear on for size. He was a bit hesitant about it until I said he could tell me if it looked ok on me. We went into the back of the shop where I stripped off to just my black stockings, suspenders, and high heels and then tried on the underwear. He said it looked terrific on me then asked if I wanted to try anything else. I looked at Chas and grinned, "Well, I wouldn't mind seeing if the whip works ok," I said. He was back in a flash, holding the whip in his hand. I peeled of the bra and G string I had tried on and told him to tie my arms above my head to a beam on the ceiling of the shop. He wasted no time doing this, then on my command began to lay the whip across my bare flesh. It stung causing me to arch my back and for me to cry out, but it only left red marks not raised weals across me. He whipped my ass good, and then I told him to whip my tits and shaven cunt. After I had cum several times from the thrashing, I was untied and then they both fucked me across a table. We got a good discount in that shop. We also watched a few movies in some of the adult theatres where I gave Chas a blow job and then he stripped me almost naked and gave me a good shagging in the back row of seats. I recon I had more people watching me then the film. 

We went back to the hotel late afternoon to cleanup, and whilst having a drink at the bar asked Dave the owner if he knew if there were any underground sex clubs around. He asked what sort do you mean, how far did we want to go on the sex side. We said all the way. He said he knew of one, but it was very hardcore and because of this was very hard to get into, but give him a minute to make a phone call. He came back about 5 minutes later and told us he had phoned his mate who was the manager at the club and to mention his name at the door. He then grinned and said how about a reward for his favour, so Chas said I suppose fairs fair, so of course I had to strip naked and let him bend me over the bar and fuck my cunt and ass. He pounded into me good and hard, squeezed my tits and pulled and pinched my nipples, making me cum several times. After, while I was sucking him clean, he said we should have a good time there.

We took a taxi to the club and after mentioning Dave's name we were let in. It was split into several rooms catering for various activities, straight sex, bisexual, group, and bsdm. We decided to try them all. There were also a lot of people there just to watch.

We tried the group first and stripped off all our clothes, they were taken away and stored for us. I was soon being fucked cunt and ass at the same time, whilst I was watching Chas fuck the ass of some blonde with big tits. I was well into this and was putting on a good show for the voyeurs who were there just to watch and kept up a steady stream through. I particularly liked eating the other women's cunts after they had been shagged, sucking all the other men's cum out and swallowing it. The women loved it grinding their cunts down hard onto my face, and me making them cum with my tongue. At one stage I was being fucked, whilst a young dark girl was sat on my face having her cunt licked out, and she was bent forward and having her ass fucked inches above at the same time. When he came he pulled out and shot his load all over her ass and my face.

Time was getting on so we skipped the bisex room, as I had had quite a bit in the group room anyway, and went to the BSDM room. There were all sorts of contraptions here, and I was soon trying them out. I was tied down over one where I was then spanked and whipped, and a hard looking blonde used my ass and cunt to shove various shaped and sizes of dildoes and vibrators up.

At another I was tied to face up this time, legs and arms apart, whilst a steady stream of men took turns in fucking my holes, or pinching and biting my nipples making me cry out, or using torture like instruments to pull or clamp onto different parts of my naked body. 

The pain was agony but was causing me to cum over and over again, my body contorting as my nipples or cuntlips were clamped or a large object was inserted into my ass or cunt. Finally, I was strung up by my wrists until my toes were just touching the ground, my ankles were shackled and pulled wide apart and fashioned. I had chains clipped to my nipples and small weights hanging from my cuntlips.

I was left this way until the club closed and during this time I was continuously whipped and shagged by a multitude of men and women who commented on how much I was a fucking good slut. I must of looked it strung up spread-eagled naked, cum running out of my shaven cunt and ass, covering my tits, face, and in my hair. Whip and bite marks all over my body. The women were the worst, using my cunt and ass to ram dildoes up, pulling on the nipple clamps causing me to scream out, calling me all the obscene names they could think of, and even slapping me across the face and spitting on me as they called me these humiliating names. All the men wanted to do was fuck the ass off me, suck my tits and stick their tongue down my throat. All the while still, the continuous stream of voyeurs was watching my performance.

We got dressed and got a taxi back to the hotel, the taxi driver commented on the amount of dried cum on my face and said we must have enjoyed the club, and then asked if I had the same amount over me. I laughed and said did he want to see, he pulled into an alley and I removed my clothes and let him see my cum soaked body. He asked if he could add his own to my cunt then lick it back out. I love this so he fucked me over the bonnet of his cab then licked his and the remains of the other men's cum out.

A group of down and outs who were living rough in the alley all had a good look at me being fucked and was shouting at the taxi driver to give the slut a good fucking. After, Chas couldn't resist and shoved his cock deep into my ass, making me cry out, and then he fucked me hard. They then both told all the tramps they could have a feel of my wet cunt and play with my tits, which they did, but as usual they did not stop at that and as Chas and the taxi driver watched and encouraged them as they all took me there on the floor of the dirty alley. I was on my back or lying face down amongst the rubbish and rotting food with smelly unwashed cocks being fed into my three holes, or on all fours having my asshole reamed out, while my hanging tits were pulled and pinched at the same time by their dirty, grimy hands for the next half an hour or so. After, they just drifted away leaving me lying there on the ground, legs apart, cum running out of my holes, groaning, until I just crawled back into the taxi still naked and lay on the back seat until we arrived back at the hotel where I got out and without putting any clothes back on walked in and upstairs to the bathroom for a shower. I didn't give a fuck that several of the guests saw me naked and made lewd comments about me. We weren't charged for that fare.

The next morning I was still covered in marks which I showed to Dave, He loved looking at the marks and bites on my tits, ass and around my cunt. He was soon shagging me again, as well as Chas, and also a couple of his mates who just happened to turn up at the right moment as they were fucking me, one in my cunt and the other in my mouth.

After, Dave said he was having a party that night and did we fancy going. We both said, "yes, to right we did". Of course that night I ended up being naked, a slut, and the party entertainment again. Being fucked well into the night by pretty much most of the guests there, women included. I also got a good spanking and thrashing, and I put on a great performance of me wanking myself to several climaxes with a champagne bottle. I was finally taken and dumped in the back garden where I was pissed and wanked over by everybody. All this was mostly done in front of all the other guests, who all said it was the best party Dave had arranged.  We didn't get out much on Monday, and anyway I was too exhausted to do too much. Dave and some mates fucked all my holes again while Chas took some photos and video of them doing it. For them to remember me by, they said. Ha Ha. We made our way home that night, the end to a good weekend.

Kathy.