 INTRODUCTION

This story contains sex involving heterosexuals, homosexuals, bi-sexuality and incest. It is a little bit long however it is based on true experiences and I believe you will find it worth reading.

THE STORY

I was in an Isle of Capri Hotel lying on my back with my hard cock buried in the pussy of a mature woman. She had my friend Paolo's cock in her ass and Paolo had her son's cock in his ass. We were all grunting and writhing when I heard Paolo call out, "Oh Walt, oh Walt."

"It's okay Paolo we are all cumming," I reassured him. 

We did all cum almost at the same time. The orgasms were very intense we shook and trembled as a vagina and rectums were filled with loads of cum. It took sometime for all of us to come back down to earth.

The year was 1961. I was a 20 year old Marine stationed in Naples, Italy for 2 years. I had enlisted in the Marine Corps right out of high school in 1959 and following Boot Camp, Infantry Training and a brief stint in Washington D.C., I received orders for Security Guard duty in Naples. Following Naples I would be assigned to Battalion Recon and then I volunteered for Force Recon and did my tour in Viet Nam. But that is getting way ahead of this story.

I had traveled from the United States by ship to Italy and I was required to perform guard duty while on board. I had many hours standing guard on the ship's fan tail to think about the upcoming two years of duty. I made up my mind at that time to avoid the bars and bar girls. I knew that this was a special opportunity to visit many places in Europe and that it would be a better use of my time and limited military pay. The dollar went very far in Europe in the early sixties.

I wanted to use my leave time and weekends off to explore Italy and other Western European countries. Guard duty permitted me to have off every other weekend. So in the summer months I went to the Isle of Capri almost every other weekend. It was an easy Ferry ride from Naples to Capri. One summer I still had some military leave to use so I decided to spend it there. So coupled with my weekend liberty I would be able to spend 10 days on Capri.

DAY ONE - FRIDAY

Typically I would go to Capri without a hotel reservation and look for a room once I arrived, which actually was a very common thing in the 60's. As I was boarding the ferry in Naples, I noticed this very stunning Italian girl ahead of me. She had the typical olive skin tan, black hair cut in a Paige Boy style. She was small breasted almost a flat chest but very shapely. She was wearing tight white Capri pants that showed off her killer ass. I got hard immediately just looking at her ass.

She caught me looking at her and smiled back at me. I moved up the ferry gangplank to get closer and soon I was standing right behind her. As the line moved forward she seemed to linger causing me to bump into her. Each time I bumped her she pressed her ass into my crotch and she soon had me rock hard. I decided to test the water and I started playing with her ass. She giggled and pushed her ass back at me. Then she reached back and caressed the front of my pants searching for my erection. I thought I was going to shoot in my pants.

We finally reached the deck of the ferry and before I could even speak to her, she took my hand and led me to the WC (unisex bathroom). Once inside she locked the door, dropped to her knees, opened my pants and pushed them with my underwear down to my ankles.

My rock hard 8" cock sprang free and bobbed in her face. She began kissing my cock and running her tongue up and down the full length of it eventually taking it in her mouth. She gave me the most incredible blow job ever. She would bring to the edge and then slow down delaying my ejaculation as long as possible. She tested her gag line deep throating me as she handled my balls lovingly. 

I couldn't hold it any longer and I warned her that I was going to cum. She went right on sucking me as I blasted volley after volley of cum in her mouth. She kept swallowing rapidly and she did not miss a drop. She continued to suck me draining and cleaning my cock of any trace of sperm. When she started to nibble on my dick head my knees got weak and I had to pull her off me before I collapsed. I was drained.

We tidied ourselves up and went into the main cabin of the ferry. There is a bar and tables in the main cabin, so we grabbed a couple of Peroni beers and sat down to get acquainted. 

Her English was pretty good and my Italian was at about the same level so we able to converse fairly well. She asked me if I enjoyed my blowjob then we exchanged names. I told her that my name was Walt and she called herself Paolo. I looked confused after all Paolo is a masculine name. She smiled and told me that she was a man. I was stunned and embarrassed by his admission. After all I just had one of the best blow jobs in my young life.

Our conversation continued and Paolo explained that he enjoyed sex with both men and women. He told me that he often came to Capri and stayed for free at a relative's hotel. He wanted me to stay with him and at first I did not want to but Paolo convinced me. He told me we would go out together and try to pick up girls and if we didn't I could count on him for a blowjob. How could I say no to a free hotel room and guaranteed sex for a week, especially knowing that I would get a fantastic blow-job?

Paolo was a pretty boy, very feminine and could easily pass for a girl. He was about 5'7," 140 lbs, very black hair cut short but covering his neck. At 22 years old his skin was hairless and flawless. He had shapely legs and an ass most women would kill for.

I was a tan 6'1," 190 lbs, brown hair with steel blue eyes and very fit. I was very Irish looking so my speaking Italian threw people off. People have told me that my eyes are piercing and that they are often intimidated by me. I was also a black belt in judo so my confidence came through as well.

After we docked at Marina Grande, the main port on Capri, Paolo and I checked in at the hotel on Anna Capri and then we went out to eat and walk around. I had been to Capri many times and I thought I knew it well but Paolo showed me places that I never knew existed. We ate dinner at a very small restaurant where the food was excellent and very inexpensive. Then we went out to check the clubs for girls.

Back then there were two very popular clubs oddly enough known as Number One Club and the Number Two Club. Paolo and I met up with a couple of Swedish girls at one of the clubs and hung out with them. They were willing to dance with us but that was it. We couldn't get them to join us at our table or to engage in any conversation off the dance floor. We did learn their names to be Ingrid and Annika. When we left the girls said they hoped to see us again. I kind of wrote that possibility off.

Paolo took me to a club that was off the beaten path and didn't even have a name. It was in a basement of a building that was obscure, so you would have to know it existed. The club was packed, lively and very smokey. There were all types of people in the club dancing and having a good time. It was obvious that there were lesbians, homosexuals (gay was not a term used then) and straight people.

I danced with one girl who was really hot in her tight mini skirt. She had a great little figure on her with a real bubble butt. When I sat down with Paolo he told me that the hot number was a guy. I kept looking at her / him in disbelief. Paolo explained that the guy had been taking female hormones and had developed breasts and lost his body hair. I was pretty horny by the time we left the club and headed back to our room. I was actually looking forward to another blow job.

Paolo and I returned to our room and we both undressed. Paolo sat on the edge of the bed and drew me in toward him. He caressed the back of my legs and cheeks of my ass as his warm, wet, wonderful mouth began sucking on my cock. I was so horny from all the evening's foreplay I almost shot right then and there. Paolo was massaging the head of my cock against the roof of his mouth. He circled my cock with his tongue and scraped it lightly with his teeth. I felt the light scraping of his teeth. My cock felt harder and longer than it ever had been in my life and I felt I was going to shoot.

Paolo took my cock out of his mouth and looked up at me as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged my bloated balls. At that time I felt longer than my 8" and bigger around then 5." He put it back in his mouth and then took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged my balls. He tickled my cock head with his tongue and teased my pee slit. He was bringing me up and down and I was close to cumming few times. Paolo seemed to know when I was getting close, and he would do things making me last longer, torturing me in the process.

Paolo looked up at me smiling and stroking my slick cock. Then he asked, "Ready to cum Walter"?

"God, yes" I replied.

Paolo then took my cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of my shaft, nibbled on my cock head and sucked me hard. Paolo reached under my balls and rubbed the hardness between my balls and anus. I could feel my cock thickening and I knew I was going to cum. There was no stopping me this time.

Paolo grabbed my ass cheeks with both hands as I exploded in his mouth. I fired round after round of cum into his mouth and Paolo sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. The force of shooting my load was so intense that it almost hurt. I lost track of time for awhile and just held onto Paolo's head as he milked my cock for every drop.

My legs were weak and I had to sit down. I sat on the edge of the bed and Paolo knelt down between my knees keeping my cock in his mouth. He massaged my balls as he continued to suck my cock clean until it shrank and left his mouth. Paolo continued to lick and kiss my cock sending chills and shivers through my body.

Paolo left me to lie on the bed as he went into the bathroom to shower. I slowly recovered from what was the most intense orgasm I have ever had in my life. I decided to shower as well before turning in for the night. Paolo was standing naked by the sink and I patted him on his shapely ass.

I said, "That was incredible, thank you."

"So you liked it," he replied with a grin.

"What was not to like," I returned.

Then I entered the shower and relaxed under the hot water. After the soothing shower, I dried myself off and walked back into the bedroom. To my surprise Paolo was in bed on all fours with his curvy bubble butt stuck up in the air. I could feel a tingling in my loins as I looked at his hot ass. Paolo's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. He really did look like a girl in this position.

"Walt, I would like you to fuck me," he said in a sultry voice. "You would like to fuck me wouldn't you?" he asked.

My cock was hardening and I approached the bed. I knelt behind Paolo and I begin to caress his beautiful ass. He handed me some lotion and asked me to get his ass ready for my cock. I put an ample amount of lotion in my hands and rubbed it all around Paolo's bung hole. Then I inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing him for my cock.

I was no stranger to preparing assholes for my cock but this was the first time I was preparing a man's bottom. However as I sawed my fingers in and out of his anus I was getting turned on by the thought of burying my cock in his shapely ass. I moved closer to Paolo and lined up the head of my cock with his anal opening and began to ease it into to him.

Paolo cautioned, "Not too deep at first, then deeper."

I spat on my hand and rubbed my saliva all over my cock which made it very slick when combined with the lotion. My cock head cleared his sphincter and I fed it to Paolo a little at a time. His ass chute was warm and tight as I went deeper and deeper into him. Soon I was all the way in Paolo's ass and I started a slow fucking motion. I continued to pump his ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as I caressed his smooth round ass. 

Paolo asked me to fuck him harder and quicker. So I picked up the pace and I started pounding his ass faster and faster. My balls started bouncing off of his balls and Paolo was moaning with each thrust of my cock. I could feel my climax building and I knew that any moment I would shoot my seed in his ass. I tried to make it last as long as possible but once Paolo started to contract his anal muscles I lost it.

I fired a barrage of cum in his ass filling it to overflowing. As I continued to fuck him, my jizm backed up in his rectum and began to ooze out flowing over his balls. Paolo used his talented anal muscles to milk my cock and drain it of all my seed. I didn't think that I would ever be soft again as I remained hard in his tight sheath. Paolo's milking action weakened me and I collapsed on top of his body.

Paolo flattened out on the bed with me on top and my cock still in his ass. We eventually moved to our sides and lay next to each other exhausted. I could see the bed sheets where Paolo had shot his load sometime during our fuck session. We both dozed off and sometime during our rest my cock softened and slipped from his asshole.

Paolo stayed in the same bed with me that night and lay curled up against me with his ass pressing into my body. I had draped an arm around him and we cuddled as if a man and woman. Sometime during the night I awoke with an erection and I eased it into Paolo's ass. We fucked lying on our sides with a slow gentle rhythm until I unleashed my fourth load of the day the second in his ass. We fell back asleep with my cock still sheathed in his ass.

DAY TWO - SATURDAY

I woke up before Paolo and I headed for the shower. I was lathering myself with soap when Paolo entered the shower. 

"Let's wash each other," he suggested.

We soaped each other up with Paolo focusing on my cock and me on his ass. I enjoyed fingering his asshole as he stroked my soapy cock. Paolo then held my cock in one hand and then ran the flat part of his other hand over the head of my cock. It sent chills through my body and I told him I would shoot if he didn't stop. No one had ever done that to me and it left me rock hard.

Paolo turned and faced the shower wall and guided my cock to his ass. My soapy cock slid easily into to soapy asshole. Paolo braced himself with both hands on the shower wall and arched his back accentuating his shapely ass. I ran my hands over his curvy ass as I fucked him methodically with long slow strokes. I pulled my cock almost out of his ass and then let it slide all the way back in. Paolo looked so hot with my dick sliding in and out of glistening wet ass. In a matter of minutes my body stiffened and I filled his ass with my seed. Paolo groaned as he jerked himself off and shot his wad onto the shower wall. It was the first time I saw him shoot.

"I don't think I will ever be able to get enough of your cock Walter," Paolo said as he held my deflated organ in his hand stroking it tenderly.

"Paolo I will never get tired of fucking your hot ass," I replied.

Paolo and I finished washing, dressed and decided to eat a continental breakfast before heading out for the day. As Paolo noticed my Marine Corps bathing trunks he laughed and told me they would never work on Capri. After breakfast we went to a store that Paolo knew and I purchased a new bathing suit. The suit was like a small tight pair of shorts that showed off my package very well, particularly when I got hard.

Paolo and I went to the beach, which if you are familiar with Capri, you know it is a serious of rock plateaus along the Mediterranean Sea. It is very common for people to lie on towels or sit in beach chairs in small groups along these plateaus. Paolo and I stripped down to our bathing suits and spread out our towels in one of the more spacious areas. Paolo told me that this was the best way to attract girls and if we didn't like the people we would tell them that we were holding the spots for someone else.

Paolo's bathing suit was typical European, a black silk sack cut high on the sides. My new suit was a white short trunk that displayed the tan lines on my legs. Paolo offered me some home made sunning lotion and assured me that by the end of the day my tan lines would be gone. We kicked back closed our eyes and enjoyed the warm sun of Capri. My relaxed spell was broken when I heard a sweet voice.

"May we join you," she asked.

Paolo and I looked up and saw the two Swedish girls Ingrid and Annika that we had met last night. I looked at Paolo and nodded my approval and he seemed to agree.

"Of course, please do join us," I offered.

We moved around making room for the girls as they spread out their towels and gear. The girls stripped down to their bathing suits and both of them were wearing very skimpy bikinis. It appeared that the girls had done their share of nude sun bathing since no tan lines were visible. Both of them looked good with their deep tan and blonde hair. The girls were similar in stature with cute figures, small pert tits, curvy asses and shapely legs.

The four of us made small talk and sunned most of the time. They surprised me when they took off their bikini tops and applied sun tan lotion to each other breasts. I could feel myself getting hard as I watched Ingrid spend more time then necessary rubbing the lotion into Annika's tits. Annika's nipples were rock hard as Ingrid massaged her tits. I flipped over on my stomach so that my erection was not visible to everyone. Ingrid looked over at me and smiled as she rubbed Annika's tits. Ingrid's nipples were also hard showing her arousal as well.

Public nudity on the beach was acceptable on Capri but public sex was not tolerated. If one was caught having sex in public he or she was arrested. The girls continued to put lotion on each other, backs, legs, tits and even buttocks. They teased each other along with Paolo and me as they caressed and stroked one another in the disguise of applying sun tan lotion. I had to cool off so I decided to go for a swim. My erect cock was obvious in my swim suit but I didn't care. Ingrid noticed my package and brought it to Annika's attention as I stood up.

"I'm going for a swim," I told everyone.

Ingrid giggled and said, "I bet you will be a little smaller when you return."

I blushed and walked past them down the path to water. I passed many other people and received my share of admiring glances as their eyes fixed on my crotch. My erection stayed with me until I hit the cool water of the Mediterranean. I swim for quite awhile enjoying the cool refreshing water before I decided to return to Paolo and the girls.

On my way back up the path I noticed that I was still drawing the attention of quite a few people. I arrived back at our location and I noticed Ingrid and Annika staring at my bathing suit.

"Quite impressive," mimicked Ingrid.

I looked down and for the first time I realized that my suit was transparent when it was wet and the outline of my cock was clearly visible. I immediately lay down on my towel with embarrassment. 

"There is no reason to be embarrassed, Walter. You should be very proud of your prowess and the attention you get," Annika said with a sultry smile.

I smiled as I relaxed and began to accept the situation and flattery. For the rest of the day I was very comfortable displaying my cock through my bathing suit, whether I was aroused and hard or soft with wet transparent swim trunks. Paolo had been right this bathing suit was much more effective than my Marine Corps trunks. As the day was coming to a close we packed up our gear and Paolo and I agreed to meet the girls later at the club. 

That night the girls joined us at the club and sat with us this time. We had a few drinks, danced, laughed and just had a lot of fun. I danced with Ingrid and Paolo with Annika. When Ingrid and I danced we pressed our bodies together rubbing my erection against her legs and abdomen. I would subtly caress Ingrid's ass and she would brush her hand over my rock hard cock. Paolo and I were hoping to split the girls up, Ingrid with me and Annika with Paolo and go to separate hotels. The girls surprised us when they suggested that we all go back to our room.
