 INTRODUCTION

This story is a sequel to a Marine's experience on the Isle of Capri. In this chapter Walt continues his adventures with his Italian friend Paolo and has other erotic experiences. These experiences take place in the Naples, Italy area (Napoli, Amalfi and Capri). If you didn't read the previous chapters just note that this took place in 1960 – 1961 and it was very much an era of condomless sex. Enjoy!

*

ANOTHER WEEKEND AT CAPRI

After enjoying a fantastic week with Ronnie it was back to the normal routine at Marine Barracks. There were about four more weekends before the rainy season and I planned to spend two of them on Capri. Paolo and I met in Capri the first weekend that I had off and we came up empty trying to score with girls. The one benefit was that I still had Paolo's shapely ass and talented mouth to satisfy my needs.

The next weekend I had guard duty but the following weekend I made it back to Capri for what I thought would be my last trip there until April of next year. Paolo and I ran into a few girls but really none to our liking. This particular weekend Paolo could only stay Friday night as he had a family function on Saturday and Sunday. When we came up empty with the girls, Paolo was once again there for me. He loved to jerk his cock while I fucked him in the ass. Saturday morning he blew me in the shower. That morning after breakfast Paolo took the ferry back to Sorrento and I spent the day at the beach.

As I was sun bathing two girls in bikinis stopped where I was sitting and asked me where Paolo was that day. As I stared at them for awhile I couldn't make up my mind in they were really girls or guys. I told them that Paolo had to leave and that he took the ferry back to Sorrento that morning. They told me that since I was by myself that I should stop by the club that evening. I told them that I might just do that and they smiled and walked away.

After a relaxing but uneventful day on the beach I returned to the hotel. I showered, shaved, dressed and then dined at my favorite Capri restaurant. After dinner I decided to check out the bi-sexual club as I chose to call it. As always it was hopping and I spent the evening dancing and drinking. For the most part I couldn't tell the men from the women that is the homosexuals from the girls or the transsexuals, bisexuals, or lesbians. I spent most of my time dancing with a very attractive girl or transsexual in a very tight mini-skirt. He or she named Vicki had great legs and a killer ass. As we danced more and more I learned that Vicki was one of the girls who stopped by earlier that day wearing a bikini.

As the club neared closing time Vicki asked me if I wanted company for the night. I asked Vicki if she was a girl or a guy to which Vicki asked if it mattered as long as I got to shove my cock in a hot ass. I laughed and told Vicki that I was up for it and we made our way back to my hotel room. Once in the room we both undressed and as I had suspected Vicki was a guy but a very pretty guy who looked more like a girl. Vicki had cute firm tits, a shapely hour glass figure and a very curvy ass. Vicki's cock was tiny and was just about three inches when he was erect.

Vicki was very pleased with my cock and he immediately dropped to his knees and took it in his mouth. Vicki sucked my cock until I was hard and then begged me to fuck him in the ass. He got up on the bed on all fours and asked me to prepare his ass for my cock. I got the lube out and poured an ample amount in his asshole. I took my time fingering Vicki's until he pleaded with me to stop teasing him and fuck him.

I knelt behind Vicki and lined my cock up with his asshole and pressed forward pushing my cock head past his sphincter. Vicki groaned as my large cock opened up his back door. He reached back and placed a hand on my thigh in an effort to control the penetration. I took my time and worked my cock in slowly inch by inch until it was buried in Vicki's asshole. As I fucked Vicki from behind, he really looked like a girl with my cock in his ass. I could not see Vicki's testicles or his small cock as I fucked him and his tits swayed back and forth as his long hair fell along side his face. Vicki was even more effeminate looking than Paolo.

Vicki told me to fuck his ass and then he told me that he could see why Paolo liked my cock so much. Obviously Vicki and Paolo had talked before and now Vicki was experiencing my cock first hand. He stiffened as he came and shot his wad on the bed sheet. I felt Vicki's asshole contract around my cock as he shot his spunk and I picked up the pace and pounded his ass. I felt my own orgasm build up in my balls and then I felt my semen travel through my scrotum. I pressed into Vicki's ass and emptied my balls deep in his rectum. The semen shot into Vicki's rectum and gathered around my cock buried deep in his ass.

"Oh I feel it, cum in me, I feel you cumming in me!" Vicki screamed and then added, "I love it shoot it in me."

Vicki clenched my cock with his anal muscles and then released it several times as he milked every drop of cum from my cock. I stayed hard and continued to fuck Vicki's ass as my semen backed out of his asshole and trickled down over his perineum.

"Are you going to keep fucking me?" Vicki asked.

"If you want me to," I replied.

"Oh yes please keep fucking me. Fuck me again and cum in me again," he pleaded.

I continued to fuck Vicki's ass until I came a second time and filled his rectum with another load. I pushed forward and Vicki collapsed on the bed under my weight. I lay prone on top of him as my cock softened, deflated and slipped from his ass. Vicki was pressed into his own semen on the bed under him until I lifted myself off of his sensuous body. Vicki rolled over on his back and looked at me and smiled.

"Can I stay the night Walter?" he whispered.

"Yes you can stay if you like," I answered.

I lay down on the bed next to Vicki as he still lay in his own semen and my spunk continued to trickle out of his asshole. We eventually fell asleep without our bodies touching. Sometime in the early morning hours I awoke with an erection. I rolled over to Vicki who was already sleeping on his side and I eased my cock into his still slippery ass. I slowly and methodically fucked Vicki until I came in his ass again and then I fell asleep with my cock still imbedded his ass. In the morning we showered together and Vicki sucked my cock in the shower. He swallowed every drop of cum from my cock and sucked me dry. Later we dressed and had breakfast at the café. After breakfast I took the ferry back to Naples and a taxi to the barracks. The rest of Sunday afternoon and evening I spent working on my gear and working out in the exercise room. 

DUTY CALLS

On Monday I pulled the 8 to 12 shift which meant 2000 to 2400 on Monday and then 0800 to 1200 on Tuesday. My post assignment was at my favorite building. The building was locked at 1900 (7:00 PM) and opened at 0700 (7:00 AM) so sentry duty was a roving patrol between those hours. As I made my rounds that evening I stopped in on Naval Operations. Two female Navy personnel were working that evening and although they were not head turners they were cute in their own way. Their names were Bonnie and Susan and I chatted with them for awhile and then excused myself to finish my rounds.

I stopped in the head right outside Naval Operations to take a leak. When I came out of the head I overheard the girls talking to each other and it was clear that they thought I was gone from the area. I couldn't tell the voices apart but I clearly heard the conversation.

"I was afraid he wouldn't leave."

"Are you sure he's gone and that he won't be back?"

"Yes I am sure. He needs to finish his rounds before midnight. Now come here and show me that pussy that needs my attention."

I tried to position myself to get a good view but I could only see Susan's back as she leaned against the desk. Bonnie was on her knees in front of Susan and pushed Susan's uniform skirt up to her waist. Based on the motions of the girls it appeared as if Bonnie removed Susan's panties and then pressed her face against Susan's pussy. Susan threw her head back as Bonnie apparently ate her pussy. It wasn't long before Susan grabbed Bonnie's head as her body stiffened and then released with her orgasm. Susan cried out and her body trembled as she climaxed.

A few more minutes passed before Bonnie stood up to switch places with Susan and announced, "My turn."

Susan stood up with her skirt still bunched around her waist and I thought to myself, "Nice ass, not bad at all."

Bonnie was obviously the more assertive of the two as she pulled up her own uniform skirt and stripped off her panties. Susan dropped to her knees but she was tentative about eating Bonnie's pussy. 

"Come on don't be shy, just do me as I did you," Bonnie coached her.

Susan moved her face to Bonnie's pussy and began to lap it just as Bonnie had done to her. Bonnie was really turned on and I was convinced that she would orgasm quickly. I sneaked back into the office to get a better view and later confront these to hot ladies.

"Oh that's it Susan you got it. Eat me baby, oh it's so good," Bonnie cried out.

Both of them were so caught up in the moment that neither one of them noticed my presence. Susan was on her knees with her skirt still around her waist displaying her shapely ass as she ate Bonnie's blonde pussy. Bonnie's head was thrown back with her eyes closed in ecstasy as Susan lapped her cunt. 

"Oh shit here it cums Susan, here it cums," Bonnie screamed. 

Bonnie grabbed Susan's head and held it tightly to her pussy as she juiced all over Susan's face. Bonnie then opened her eyes and she saw me standing in the office but it was too late as she was to far gone to do anything but cum on her partner's face. Bonnie had a string of orgasms and she looked at me in disbelief as I witnessed her intense climax.

It took a few minutes before Bonnie regained control and got Susan to stop eating her. Then Susan spotted me and two of them just stared at me lost for words. It was quite an erotic sight to see these two women with their uniform skirts still bunched around their waists standing there as if they were in a trance.

"You know ladies that I could put you on report for indecent exposure not to even mention lesbianism," I said with a smile.

Bonnie seeming to sense that I wouldn't report them replied, "Well it's your fault anyway."

"My fault," I laughed at the statement.

"Yes you and the other males stationed here. All you guys want to do is stick your dicks in Italian pussy. You never pay any attention to the females stationed here," Bonnie blurted out.

"Is that right, so it is the men's fault that you aren't getting laid and that justifies eating pussy while you are on duty," I replied.

"Yes it is and if you want to do something useful why don't you ask us out instead of putting us on report. In fact why don't you just drop your drawers and join us," Bonnie continued.

Her offer was intriguing but not worth the risk. Both the Sergeant of the Guard and the Officer of the Day had keys to the building and all I needed was to be caught fucking a couple of babes on duty. It would be instant court martial with loss of stripes and guaranteed brig time. Rank was very hard to earn in the Marine Corps and I had worked to hard to hard to earn my stripes to throw them away. Also I had no intention of finishing my tour in Italy in the brig.

"I'll tell you what, I am going to finish my rounds and leave you two ladies alone. How about if we all meet at the E-club tomorrow evening at 1900?" I offered. 

"That's a date Marine. We'll see you tomorrow," Bonnie concluded.

I looked at them both again with their skirts around their waists with their moistened brunette and blond pussies. I smiled at them tipped two fingers to my frame cap and left their office. I continued my rounds for the rest of the shift and as I did I wondered what would really come out of the meeting with Bonnie and Susan. Tomorrow should be interesting.

THE E-CLUB AND BEYOND

I arranged to borrow my buddy John's care for Tuesday evening so that I would have some wheels in case something developed with the girls. John's car was a 1947 Dodge and it was a tank. Servicemen for the most part did not ship cars home but sold them when their tour of duty was over. John's car had been sold many times and passed down each time a tour concluded. It was fun driving it and watching the tiny Fiats zipping around it but it was a gas hog and fuel was very expensive in Italy.

Tuesday evening I met Bonnie and Susan at the enlisted club as planned. The three of us had an enjoyable time together drinking and dancing. I took turns dancing with each of the girls and they seemed to enjoy that. Later we left the club and I offered to drive the girls back to their quarters. Before I took them to their quarters we parked in a secluded area where the Italian lovers also liked to park. The three of us got in the back of the car with me sitting in the middle and then we began to make out.

I would kiss Bonnie and then Susan. It continued like that for almost an hour and I had a raging hard-on. I would fondle the girl's tits as I kissed them and they would rub my crotch. We were all getting very hot when Bonnie spoke first.

"Walt, I would love to have sex with you but I really don't want to do it in a car. I don't want to be a car fuck," Bonnie said almost apologetically.

"I feel the same way. I hope that you don't think that we led you on," Susan added.

I did understand the way they felt and in spite of my desire to get my rocks off, I didn't want to offend the girls. "It's okay I understand," I assured them.

"Why don't we plan on a getaway some weekend? I will have the following weekend off and we could go over to Capri," I suggested.

Bonnie thought it was a good idea and Susan agreed. I told them about my friend Paolo, not the sex part but how he and I had become good friends and that they may enjoy meeting him. They agreed but asked if they good spend time with me alone and then meet Paolo. I suggested that we had over Friday afternoon and stay two nights and then Paolo could catch up us on Saturday. The girls liked the idea. We kissed for awhile longer and then I took them to their quarters.

Driving back to the barracks I decided that I liked the two Navy girls and that I respected them for their values. Sure I would have loved to have sex or at least a blow job but I did understand where they coming from. I could keep my mouth shut but they didn't know that yet and they didn't want to be tagged as easy lays. I returned the keys to John and thanked him for letting me use his car.

"Any pecker tracks?" he said with a laugh as he took the keys.

"Just on the windshield," I replied.

"Fuck you!" he countered.

"I did fill it with gas though," I told him.

"Thanks for that," John said giving me a thumbs up. "You can borrow it anytime."

"Thanks John," I said and then went to my floor to turn in for the night.

CAPRI REVISITED

The weekend finally rolled around and at 1300 on Friday I met the girls at the ferry launch in Naples. They were anxious to get to Capri so we took the Hydrofoil instead of the ferry. The Hydrofoil was only a 45 minute ride to the Isle. Once we arrived we made our way to the hotel and dropped of our luggage. We quickly unpacked the bags and then headed out for some sightseeing before dinner.

This was the second weekend since the off season started on Capri and things were starting to wind down from the busy tourist season. The girls and I walked around and I showed them things that Paolo had showed me. They had been to Capri a couple of times but had never seen the sights that we took in. I told that tomorrow Paolo would be our guide and that we were in for a treat. 

We walked around to about 7:00 PM and then stopped for dinner. I took Bonnie and Susan to my favorite restaurant and as usual we had a fantastic meal. The proprietor was happy to see us as the restaurant was not very busy. The girls were impressed with the fuss that was made over us and how well I got along with the proprietor and his staff. After dinner we walked around the romantic Isle for a little bit and then headed back to the room. 

"Walt your Italian language skills are terrific. How did you learn the language so fast? Susan asked.

"Well hanging out with Paolo and spending time with his family was a huge help. Then we always speak Italian here on Capri and Paolo always corrects me and helps me with the vocabulary. Also standing guard duty with our Italian military counterparts helps a lot. They will teach me Italian and I will teach them to speak English," I explained.

"Well it is certainly working," Bonnie confirmed.

We entered our room and Bonnie immediately stripped off her clothes and hopped in the bed. She got on her back, spread her legs and then teasingly patted her pussy. I stripped off my clothes and my hard cock leaped into view. I walked toward the bed with my erection bobbing in front of me. I got on the bed and positioned myself between Bonnie's legs.

"I have been looking forward to this," Bonnie said as she took hold of my cock and guided into her pussy.

Bonnie's pussy was sopping wet and my cock slid in easily. We started slow and I fucked her with long steady strokes. Susan then joined us on the bed and I noticed that she was now naked as well. Susan lay next to her girl friend and stroked her tits and tweaked her nipples. Bonnie had firm round breasts and she loved for them to be fondled and kissed. Susan leaned over and took one of Bonnie's nipples in her mouth and sucked on it. Then Susan alternated from one tit to the other and she soon had Bonnie's nipples eraser hard. I kept fucking Bonnie as Susan worked on her tits and Bonnie was going wild.

"Oh shit this is going to be a quick one," Bonnie gasped as she felt her orgasm building.

As I fucked her I made sure that my cock was in contact with her clit. Bonnie started humping me back and then she wrapped her legs around my lower back and dug her heels in.

"It's going to be a big one too. Oh God, here it cums, hold me tight, please hold me," Bonnie screamed.

I held Bonnie tightly as she humped her body at me and thrashed all around. She groaned aloud as the orgasm rocked her body. I could feel the warmth of her cunt juice surround my cock buried in her pussy. Bonnie' body almost vibrated with the intensity of her climax and then she stiffened and went limp on the bed. I kept fucking her slowly until I felt Susan tap me on my shoulder. I looked at her and she smiled as she moved to her back along side Bonnie.

I withdrew my cock from Bonnie's pussy and moved between Susan's legs. Susan wrapped her shapely legs around my torso and pressed her heels against my buttocks. Susan was snugger than Bonnie when I entered her pussy so I took my time fucking her and letting her get used to my cock. Soon my cock was buried in her quim and we both picked up the pace. Once again I made an effort to keep my cock in contact with her clit.

Susan and I were humping each other like mad now as we both raced toward our first orgasm of the night. Susan pulled my head down and kissed me deeply as she threw her hips into me. Susan's body tensed and she groaned into my mouth as her orgasm overtook her. We kept right on fucking and kissing as it seemed that Susan could cum again. I felt my own orgasm approaching as the familiar feeling in my balls was present. I then sunk my cock as deep into Susan as possible and filled her pussy with streams of cum. My cock just seemed to keep throbbing and firing one round after the after into her warm passage. My orgasm triggered another one in Susan and she pressed her face into my shoulder to muffle her cries of ecstasy. Susan's body leaped out of control and she pounded her pelvis into me as she experienced an intense orgasm.
