 Authors Note: This is the final chapter in the Capri Isle of Love series. It is also my 247th submission and as previously stated I will not submit any more stories after number 250. I am currently working on three lengthy stories that are requests from readers who provided a great deal of detail. Those three will be the final submissions.

REUNITED WITH PAOLO

Spring was here and the ski season had ended. It had been months since I had seen Paolo and I missed his company. I called Paolo and he was thrilled to hear from me and excited by the prospects of getting together. Paolo suggested meeting in Capri on the weekend even though it was still early spring. I arranged for overnight liberty that Thursday so that I would have three nights in Capri. Paolo and I then planned to meet at the piazza in Anacapri on Thursday evening. Later that night while standing post, I thought back to the good times I had in Capri the previous year. As I thought about meeting Paolo on Thursday I realized that I was looking forward to fucking him again.

Thursday finally arrived and after eating dinner in the mess hall and changing into my civilian clothes, I headed for Capri. I arrived at the piazza about 1930 (7:30 PM) and looked for Paolo. I spotted him at one of the tables and walked over to greet him. He then spotted me, smiled and stood up to greet me. We embraced and shook hands as it had been months since we had seen each other.

"I have really missed you Walter," Paolo told me.

"And I have missed you too, Paolo," I replied.

"I don't think as much though. I am sure that you have kept your big cock busy," Paolo laughed.

I sat down at the table and joined him for an espresso and I filled him in on my past few months. I told him how things ended with Pam and Betsy in Rome and how I met Lars and Inga afterward and I told him about our threesome. We finished our espressos and then went to the hotel that we always stayed at. Paolo, as usual, had made the arrangements. 

Once in the room I put my bag down and went to the bathroom. When I came back into the room, Paolo was naked in bed on all fours. I looked at his dark flawless skin and his shapely ass. He was horny and ready for my cock and I was already hard in my pants. I stripped off my clothes and approached the bed with my cock bobbing in front of me. I caressed Paolo's ass cheeks and ran my finger over his anus. Paolo moaned at the touch. 

Paolo was hard too so I reached down and ran my finger along his perineum and tickled his taut ball sac. I grasped his cock lightly and gave it a few strokes. I didn't mind touching his cock as I had jerked him off several times in the past when I was fucking him. I continued to tickle his perineum, his cock, his anus and taut ball sac until he begged me to fuck him. Paolo handed me a tube of cream that he had brought with him. I was no stranger to preparing assholes for my cock particularly Paolo's bottom. I sawed my fingers in and out of his anus and I got anxious to bury my cock in his shapely ass. I moved closer to Paolo and lined up the head of my cock with his anal opening and began to ease it into to him.

Paolo cautioned, "Walter, it has been awhile since you were in me. Go slow, not too deep at first, then deeper."

I spat on my hand and rubbed my saliva all over my cock which made it very slick when combined with the lube. My cock head cleared his anal entrance and I slowly fed it to Paolo a little at a time. His ass chute was warm and tight as I remembered and I went deeper and deeper into him. Soon I was all the way in Paolo's ass and I started a slow fucking motion. I continued to pump his ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as I caressed his smooth round ass. Soon I picked up the pace and I started pounding his ass faster and faster. Paolo was moaning with each thrust of my cock. I could feel my climax building and I knew that any moment I would cum. I tried to make it last as long as possible but once Paolo started to contract his anal muscles I knew that I was going to lose it.

For whatever reason that evening I decided to cum on Paolo's ass rather than in it. I pulled my cock from his ass and aimed it right at his asshole. I stroked my cock as jets of cum shot out and hit Palo's anus and landed on his back, ass and thighs. Cum bounced off his anus and trickled down between his thighs. There was so much of it and it seemed that I came forever. When my cock stopped spurting I pushed it back into his ass and he milked it dry with his talented anal muscles as my cock remained hard in his tight sheath. Paolo collapsed forward on the bed and I followed him down with my cock still in his ass. My pubes, abs and chest got soaked in my own cum when I pressed against Paolo's prone body. I began to move my hips again as I resumed fucking him.

"God, that feels so good to have you back in me, love me, fuck me," Paolo cried out.

My cock was fully embedded in his ass as I pulled back a little and pushed forward. He groaned as I began to slowly fuck him again. Each time I would start taking longer strokes. My cock head was soon at the edge of his asshole before I pushed it back into him. Our fucking was making a sucking sound. Each time our bodies came together, my body and his ass made a wet slapping sound. Paolo moved forward on his knees slightly so that he could push his ass up higher and he asked me to fuck him harder and quicker. So I picked up the pace and I started pounding his ass faster and faster. My balls started bouncing off of his body and Paolo was moaning with each thrust of my cock. I could feel my climax building and I knew that any moment I would shoot. I decided to cum in his ass this time and I fired a barrage of cum in his ass filling it to overflowing.

Paolo moaned and then whispered in his excitement, "Oh yeah cum in my ass. I can feel it. I love it when you shoot in me."

As I continued to fuck him, cum backed up in his rectum and began to ooze out flowing over his balls. Paolo used his talented anal muscles to milk my cock and drain it of all my seed. I didn't think that I would ever be soft again as I remained hard in his tight sheath. Paolo's milking action weakened me and I collapsed on his body. I was so fucking hot that I crammed my cock fully into him as he massaged it with his anal muscles. Paolo humped up against me fucking me back as I stayed in him. 

"I want to cum from you fucking me," Paolo whispered, "Stay in me a little longer."

Paolo then called out urgently, "Let me roll over."

I eased my cock from his ass and I got off of him and lay next to him on the bed. Paolo rolled over and his 6" erection stood straight up from his body. He wrapped his hand around his cock and jerked on it rapidly. I reached down and cupped his taut ball sac which emitted a groan from Paolo. Then his body tensed and cum shot out of his cock. The force of his ejaculation caused the first jets to shoot passed his head and hit the headboard. Then the subsequent several streams landed on his chest and abs before the remaining cum oozed from his cock and puddled around his pubes.

I continued to rub his ball sac causing his body to flinch as the sensations overtook him. He then grasped my hand with his and pulled it off his testicles. He obviously could not take anymore of the sensations running through his loins. I looked down at my pretty friend and smiled at him covered in his own cum.

"That was a pretty good load, Paolo," I told him.

"I haven't cum like that in awhile. See what you do to me," he gasped.

He noticed that I was hard again and he took a hold of my cock and played with it. He loved stroking my cock and he loved sucking it but that night he wanted it in his ass again. This time we rolled on our sides and I slipped my cock into Paolo's ass one more time. I fucked him slowly as I gave him a reach around jerk off. I had become comfortable jerking Paolo's cock as I fucked him and I even like the feel of cum shooting through his cock. It took me longer to cum as was always the case before I sent my third load of the night into his rectum. Paolo crooned when he felt cum shoot into his ass again and then he came right after that. I drilled his ass as his cock pulsated in my hand and his cum shot out onto the bed sheets. I jerked his cock squeezing every drop of cum from it and then he lifted my hand to his mouth and licked it clean. My cock softened and slipped from Paolo's ass and we fell asleep in the spoon position. I dozed off thinking about how good it was to be with him and fucking him again.

A CHANCE MEETING 

Friday morning I woke up with my normal piss hard on and I received an unusual request from Paolo. He wanted me to fuck him in the missionary position with my morning erection. I had never fucked a guy or a girl in the ass before taking my morning piss before but I granted Paolo's wish. He held his legs open like a woman would and I eased my cock into his asshole. I began fucking him and he began jerking on his cock. It didn't take long before Paolo was shooting cum all over his body again as I fucked him. I continued to fuck him until he stopped cumming and then I moved off the bed.

"Paolo, I have to pee then I'll be back," I told him.

I hurried to the bathroom and took my morning piss. There is something very erotic about pissing when your cock is erect and then begins to wither as you urinate. I relieved myself, cleaned up and returned to the bedroom. Paolo was sitting on the side of the bed and he beckoned me to him. I stood in front of him as he took my cock into his mouth and sucked me to hardness. Paolo caressed the backs of my muscular thighs and buttocks as he performed one of his signature blow jobs. In a matter of minutes I was filling his mouth with cum and he was swallowing as fast as he could. Paolo did not miss a drop of my copious load and he sucked my cock until my balls were empty.

I stepped back from Paolo and he looked up and smiled at me. "I don't know where you get it all from Walter. No one cums like you do."

"You bring out the best in me, Paolo. Come on let's get dressed and go to the piazza for breakfast," I said.

"But my belly is full," he teased.

"Yes and it will even be fuller before the weekend is over," I joked.

"I can't wait," he giggled.

We got dressed and headed to the piazza for espresso, fruit and pastries. I loved the continental breakfasts in Italy. The Anacapri piazza was a great place for breakfast and people watching. Sometimes it was a good to spot to meet people and pick up girls but we had no plans for that day. Paolo and I had a leisurely light breakfast and several cups of espresso before we want for a walk around Capri. 

We strolled all over the isle together and made our way down to the beach. On our way back up the stone steps I found my self staring at Paolo's ass again. He was wearing tight Capri pants that showed off his shapely ass. I felt my cock get stiff in my pants just from thinking about fucking his curvy ass again. As I looked at Paolo's shapely body and perfect bubble butt I was still amazed at how much he resembled a girl from the back.

We stopped for a light lunch and then made our way back to the piazza just before 3:00 PM. Paolo and I were each sipping a glass of red wine when I spotted a two cute girls who looked like sisters. They looked very sweet and touristy in their hiking shoes, shorts and shirts. I pointed them out to Paolo and he liked what he saw. The girls looked lost and confused so Paolo approached them and asked if they needed help. I watched Paolo speaking with the two girls and they seemed excited that he could help them. Then I saw Paolo point to our table and then the three of them headed towards me. 

"Walter this is Tony and Terry and they are visiting from London," Paolo said introducing them.

"It's a pleasure to meet you," I said and then I asked them to sit at our table. 

They both smiled and thanked me in their quaint accents accepting the invitation and then sat down at the table.

"Tony and Terry are husband and wife and they are visiting Capri for the weekend. I offered to get them a good room at our hotel since they do not have a booking yet," Paolo explained.

"Husband and wife, I thought that you might be brother and sister," I lied since I still felt that they looked like sisters.

"Oh we get that a lot," Tony replied with a short laugh.

"Do you want to sit awhile and have a glass of wine or should we get you checked into your room?" Paolo asked.

"Just one glass of wine and then we can go to the room," Tony accepted.

The four of us had a glass of wine and Paolo and I listened as Tony and Terry told us about their travels. They had started in Rome and then they had gone up to Tuscany, Cinque Terra, Milan, Venice and then to Naples. A few days in Naples and Capri and then they planned to visit the Amalfi coast, Vesuvius and Sicily. We finished our wine and headed back to the hotel. After Tony and Terry got settled in their room Paolo and I took them to dinner. We dined at our favorite restaurant on Capri and Tony and Terry loved it. After dinner and over several glasses of wine the conversation turned to sex. Paolo and I learned that Tony and Terry liked to have sex with other people and that they were interested in us. We also learned that Terry and Tony liked both men and women. Paolo and I decided to tell them about us and some of our encounters. Terry and Tony were excited to hear about Paolo and my escapades. After dinner it was back to the hotel and by then we were all ready for sex.

When we got back to the hotel, Terry came to my room and Paolo went with Tony to his room. Once in the room Terry stripped off her clothes, jumped on the bed and bounced around in her nakedness like a giddy teenager. I took off my clothes and then moved toward her as she lay down on her back and held her arms open to me. She spread her legs slightly and looked apprehensively at my erect cock. I got on the bed between her thighs and nestled my cock at the opening to her pussy. I moved the head of my cock around her vulva and gently prodded her outer cunt lips. Terry moaned softly as her pussy got increasingly wetter. Satisfied that she was wet enough I eased my dick in a little parting her labia and finding the entrance to her pussy. I pushed more of my cock into her and in spite of her wetness she was still very snug. For the next several minutes I pushed in and pulled out, each time pushing a little more of my shaft into her sopping wet hole. Finally my cock sank all the way into her snatch causing Terry to gasp aloud. Then as I began to saw my dick in and out of her, Terry wrapped her legs around my lower body and humped her hips up at me. As I picked up the pace I made sure that my cock stayed in constant contact with her clit.

Terry surprised herself with another quick orgasm but I kept right on fucking her and she came multiple times in succession. Her pussy was flooded with her cunt juice and I could feel my cock soaking in her nectar as I pushed it all the way in. Terry was experiencing a continuous string of orgasms which had her body thrashing and jerking about as she approached her final crescendo. Her body stiffened and she grabbed my shoulders as she wrapped her legs even tighter around my torso squeezing my lower body.

"Oh God, I'm cumming again, hold me, please hold me, oh, oh, please," she cried out as a thunderous climax ripped through her body.

Terry stiffened at first pushing her hips toward mine and then she went out of control. Her hips humped rapidly up and down as her body thrashed about. She was grunting and groaning and gasping for air as she reached her climax. All her fanatic actions accelerated my own orgasm and I flooded her womb with barrage after barrage of semen. I plowed my cock into her as far as I could as I released a steady flow of cum into her pussy. We both humped each other furiously until our orgasms subsided. I kept my weight on my elbows as I lay on top of her so as not to crush her petite body with my weight. Terry's vaginal muscles clenched and unclenched around my shaft milking my cock dry.

Her cunt was a receptacle holding our combined juices and my cock felt as if it bathing in warm oil. My cock slowly deflated and slipped from her tight pussy with an audible sound. Our juices flowed out of her pussy as soon as my cock slipped from her hole just as if a stopper was pulled out of her. I rolled to my side along side of Terry and flopped on my back.

"Oh my, I have not cum like that in quite some time. It was a little scary," she sighed and then added, "But I have never been shagged like that and you came so much."

As I lay by her side I noticed that her tiny tits were standing straight up and her aroused nipples were pointing at the ceiling. I tweaked the hard little nubs between my fingers causing her to gasp and quiver.

"My breasts are very sensitive," she murmured.

I leaned over and kissed her breasts and sucked on her sensitive nipples. I rubbed her firm flat tummy as I sucked on her tits and her rock hard nubs.

"Oh I love that it makes me feel so feminine," she cooed.

As I sucked her tits and continued to rub her belly, I let my hand drift down to her wet pussy. I ran my fingers through her cum soaked pubic hair and I felt my cock starting to harden again. Terry begged me to let her rest as she was sure that she could not possibly cum again. I rolled her onto her stomach and lifted her hips to a level with my cock as I knelt behind her. I eased my cock into her pussy and began to fuck her doggy style. Terry was content in this position since I was not in contact with her clit. I slammed into her from behind causing her curvy ass cheeks to jiggle. As I fucked her from behind I looked at her tight asshole and I looked forward to being in there before the weekend was over. 

I scooped up gobs of her pussy juice and smeared it in the crack of her ass spreading around her nether hole. I added saliva to my finger and probed her tight aperture with the tip of my finger. She tensed when she felt my finger probe her asshole. I gathered up more juices and added more saliva as I continued to probe her hole and open her up. I gently pushed a very well lubricated finger into her ass and the tiny aperture opened up to accept the digit. More saliva and more juices greased her asshole sufficiently to allow me to slide my finger all the way into her rectum.

Terry thought that I was preparing her ass for my cock when she said, "Please don't fuck my ass tonight. It's been so long since a big cock like yours has been in there."

"Don't worry," I assured her, "I will just play with your ass as I fuck you."

Now with my cock in her pussy and my finger in her ass I was approaching another orgasm. I could it feel cum build in my balls, travel through my scrotum and splash the insides of her vagina. As I came buckets in her pussy I thought about filling her ass with my warm cum the next time. Terry and I cuddled together in the spoon position. We dozed off with me playing with her tiny tits and wet pussy. Then we fell asleep with my cock nestled in the crack of her ass. 

SATURDAY WITH PAOLO, TONY AND TERRY

The next morning, I woke up first and looked at the pretty Terry lying next to me in bed. She looked so angelic sleeping on her back with her tiny firm tits poking up in the air and her hot blonde pussy on display. I eased her legs apart and lowered my mouth to her vulva. I teased her with my tongue until her pussy heated up and glistened with moisture. She started to stir and reached down to her pussy only to find my head between her legs. She opened her legs wider giving me easier access to her luscious pussy.

I located her clit and brought a soft moan to her lips as I nibbled it gently. I then inserted a thick finger into her pussy and continued to tease her hard clit. Her pussy was getting wetter and wetter and she started to move her hips with a desire to cum. That was the signal that I was waiting for and I moved my body up and knelt between her legs. I lined up my huge erect cock with Terry's sopping wet cunt and eased it in. Her face tensed with the anticipation of my big cock filling her pussy once again. I loved to watch my cock slide into her hot pussy and see the expression on her face as my cock spread her wider.
