 This story picks up after the series Capri an Isle of Love. You don't have to read that series before this story but it would be helpful if you read part of the first chapter to learn about the character Paolo. As always all characters are over the age of 18. I hope you enjoy this story. 

*

Winter was coming and the Italian Alps already had snow. We had a platoon trip coming up to the ski area called Roccaraso. It wasn't the Alps but it was a very popular ski area in central Italy. I had learned to ski in Vermont and New York and I was looking forward to the trip. What I didn't know at the time was that Rocorasso would become my winter replacement for weekends at Capri.

Roccaraso is in the province of L'Aquila, Abruzzo, Italy situated in the south-east of the Costa Calda, on the central route that connects the Center and the South of Italy. It is reachable by public transportation (bus and train) from Napoli (Naples) through Castel di Sangro.

Roccaraso was almost completely destroyed in World War II so all the buildings are modern by 1960 standards. It is not a place to party but it is a wonderful place to have a quiet ski vacation or weekend. Our platoon arrived by bus Friday afternoon and we spent the rest of the day checking in the hotel, eating lunch and getting fitted for rental ski equipment. 

Most of the guys walked around town that afternoon but those of us who knew how to ski got in as many runs as we could before the slopes closed. We were all very conspicuous wearing our olive drab field jackets and we were easy to spot in the town. That evening we had a delicious meal at the hotel and a few drinks at the hotel bar before hitting the sack.

The next day I spent most of the morning helping guys that had never skied before. By 1:00 PM most of them were exhausted and headed back to the hotel so I decided to skip lunch and ski the rest of the day. In 1960 rental equipment consisted of leather boots, wooden skis and cable bindings. The slopes were not groomed so it was work to ski the mountain. 

That evening we had another wonderful meal and on Sunday only the skiers in our platoon hit the slopes early. Sunday afternoon we took the 4 hour bus ride back to Marine Barracks in Naples. I was now hooked on Roccaraso and I was already planning my weekends there.

PAOLO LEARNS TO SKI

I made the trip to Roccaraso two more times before I invited Paolo to join me one weekend. I had made the investment in ski wear as it was very inexpensive in Italy in 1960. I still rented equipment and I had become friendly with the ski shop and hotel workers. I would leave the barracks at noon on Friday taking a taxi to Naples. Then I took the train to Roccaraso through Castel di Sangro. I would arrive Friday evening but still in time to get my gear for Saturday. The ski shop held my rental equipment aside for me so it was never a hassle. I skied all day Saturday and Sunday before taking the train back to Naples. I would arrive back at the barracks by midnight.

One weekend Paolo met me at the Garibaldi train station in Naples. He was extremely nervous and at the same time excited since he had never skied before. He was also anxious to have my cock back in his ass since it had been several months since I last fucked him in Capri. We chatted and got caught up on the train ride. Paolo's family had prepared some food for us so we ate and drank wine on the ride up as well. It was customary then for people to eat and drink on the train. 

When we arrived at the hotel we checked in and the hotel clerk greeted me as I always stayed at the same hotel. Then I took Paolo to the ski shop and got him set up with rental equipment and fitted for a ski outfit.

"Walter, I cannot buy these clothes. They are too expensive," Paolo whispered to me.

"Relax these are on me. It is my gift to you," I told him.

The clothes were not expensive by my standards then but to the normal Italian they were out of reach. Paolo was thrilled with the new outfit and thank me many times. We then headed back to the hotel and dropped of the clothes in the room. Then we went to the hotel dining room for dinner and had another wonderful meal. Paolo and I spoke Italian as much as we did English during the meal and it was fun having him correct my pronunciation once in awhile.

After dinner we stopped in the bar for a night cap and we ran into two American women. They worked in the US Embassy in Rome. They were both in their early to mid thirties and although they were pleasant to talk to they didn't seem interested in anything but good conversation. We learned their names were Pamela and Betsy. Pam was an accomplished skier and she was teaching Betsy to ski. It was Betsy's second time on skis. 

They were attractive enough but they were not head turners although Pam had a big round firm ass that Paolo went gaga over. We finished our drinks and said goodnight to the girls and told them that we would probably see them on the slopes tomorrow. Paolo and I then headed up to the room.

"Do you think they like girls," Paolo asked.

"Well they might get in on together but I think they like guys. They are probably just being careful here but I bet they fuck their brains out in Rome," I offered.

We entered the room and Paolo immediately stripped and jumped on the bed. "Hurry and get your clothes off. I have missed your big cock," Paolo said excitedly.

I took my clothes off at a normal pace and by the time I dropped my skivvies my cock was rock hard. I walked over to Paolo and he sat on the side of the bed and pulled me in toward him. Paolo reached up with his hands resting on my thighs he caressed my muscles causing my cock to bob about in front of him. He slid one hand across my belly wrapping his soft fingers around my shaft and pressed my cock up against my belly. And then, at last, I felt his mouth on my cock. 

He caressed me with his tongue, moving from deep underneath my balls to the very tip of my cock in one lingering sweep. We both moaned as his tongue swirled around my swollen cock head, his hands caressing my shaft and balls. His fingers probed between my legs.

I moved as he looked up at me, easing my legs apart as he cradled my balls in one hand, my cock in the other. His fingers reached down to rub the hard taut skin between my balls and my ass. I moaned as I felt the hunger in his movements and I watched his tongue move across my cock. The air cooled the wet spots he left behind on my pubes. With a moan, Paolo let my cock fall away from my body so that it was swaying in front of me again. It stood straight out from my body. He glanced up at me and then back at my cock before taking me deep into his mouth.

My legs felt like jelly as I felt his hot wet mouth around my cock. He sucked me hard and drew me in deep. His tongue lashed across my cock head and I felt his teeth gently slide down my shaft. My cock jerked in his mouth as he sucked hard. My cock bulged in his mouth as I thrust forward and began to fuck his mouth. I reached for Paolo's head, feeling his silky hair as I plunged my cock into his mouth. His sucking matched my thrusts.

I knew that I couldn't last much longer and Paolo sensed it as well, however we made no attempt to slow down. Paolo needed my release almost as much as I did. I drove my cock into his wet and willing mouth, feeling his experienced tongue on me as I moved. Cum exploded from me without warning, pumping deep into Paolo's mouth. Paolo grabbed me, his hands sliding from my hips around to my ass as he pulled me tighter to him, taking my pumping cock deep into his mouth as he sucked my cum from me.

I stumbled backward as my legs were weak from my release and my cock slipped from Paolo's mouth. I smiled at Paolo who was still sat on the bed between my legs. He reached out to stroke my wilting cock and to run his hand over my chest and belly as I closed my eyes. I savored his touch for a few minutes as I caught my breath.

I then watched as Paolo reached for the lube he had brought with him. I watched while he smeared some lube over me, moaning as his hands moved across my cock and balls. Within minutes he had me hard again. Then he knelt on the bed on all fours and looked at me over his shoulder.

"Fuck me," he quietly requested before dropping his head down onto the bed.

I moved quickly, moving behind him, by cock bobbing and swaying in front of me. I knelt up, towering over him with my cock reaching out to him. Seconds later, my cock was buried inside him as I thrust expertly into his waiting body. I heard Paolo cry out as I drove my cock deep inside him. I could feel the heat in his ass around my cock.

"Fuck me," he whispered again, his words distorted by his soft moans.

So I did, I fucked him hard, driving into his body as deep as I could, my balls slapped against him as he reached under himself for his own cock. I fucked him long and hard and deep. His body clung to my cock and sent powerful waves of pleasure through us as we moved together. I drove into him and he pushed back to meet my thrusts.

When I came again it was like a dam bursting. Our moans and groans filled the room as cum gushed into his body. I flooded his rectum and felt the warmth of my seed surround my shaft. As soon as the torrent of cum had subsided, Paolo pulled away and then he took me into his mouth, sucking the last bit of cum from my cock devouring me. 

Both of us then lay down on the bed. Paolo nuzzled into to me and pushed his shapely ass back into my groin. We stayed in the spoon position for awhile without speaking. Then my cock started to harden again. I was really horny since it had been a couple of weeks since I had gotten laid. I guided my cock back into Paolo's ass and this time I gave him a reach around and jerked him of as I fucked him.

Paolo came twice before I shot another load into his ass. It was the first time that I had ever touched Paolo's cock and he was thrilled that I did. It was odd feeling his cum travel through his cock and spew out the end. My hand still had traces of cum on it but Paolo lifted my hand to his mouth and licked it clean. We fell asleep in the same position and slept soundly.

ON THE SLOPES AND APRES SKI

I woke up with a sensation that my cock was immersed in a warm liquid only to find Paolo sucking on my morning erection. However my need to pee was greater than my desire to cum so I lifted Paolo's head off my cock. I got out of bed and headed to the bathroom.

"We'll have plenty of time for that later. Let's get dressed, get some breakfast and hit the slopes," I told him.

I could see the look of disappointment on Paolo's face but he knew I was right so he reluctantly did what I asked. We got dressed and went to the hotel dining room for a continental breakfast. After breakfast we went back to the room and put on our ski clothes. Then we stopped by the ski shop and picked up our skis. Paolo was nervous but he trusted me. We made our way over to the slopes and I got Paolo into his skis and began to teach him the basics.

After an hour of fundamentals I took him on the beginner hill. It was there that we ran into Pam and Betsy again. They were just warming up and then Pam was going to take Betsy on the intermediate runs. They told us that they might see us later. I worked with Paolo for another hour and he did very well with his turns. I was convinced that he could ski under control so we took an espresso break and then I took him up on the chair lift.

Paolo was thrilled with his progress on the beginner runs but he was still apprehensive about the more advanced slopes. I told him to trust me and we would still ski the easiest slopes. The trails were not very well marked so one had to pay close attention and use the trail map. I kept Paolo on the slopes for another couple of hours and then led him back down the mountain to the base. 

By the time we got down to the base he was exhausted but thrilled that he had skied all the way down. I had selected the easiest route down but even then we had to ski some intermediate runs. Paolo did terrific and he was hooked on skiing. We stopped for lunch and afterward Paolo opted not to ski. I still had a couple of hours before the chair shut down so I left Paolo and headed back up the mountain.

I did not run into Pam or Betsy as I thought I might but I was more interested in getting as many runs in as I could. I caught one more chair ride before the lift shut down and then cruised all the way down the mountain. It started to snow just as I started down and it was a beautiful sight all the way to the base. By the time I reached the base it was snowing very hard and I was snow covered. I dropped off the skis at the shop and told them I would pick them up in the morning. 

When I arrived back at the hotel I went to the bar to meet Paolo and I found him talking with a middle aged couple. They were an Italian married couple named Franco and Marina. Paolo introduced me and I learned that they spoke very little English. They were impressed with my Italian and I told them that I had Paolo to thank for that. 

Pam and Betsy were also in the hotel bar and they were talking with two Italian men. It looked like they would be occupied for the evening as they seemed to be enjoying the company of the men. The four of us had a few glasses of wine and then agreed to dine together at the hotel. I excused myself to change out of my ski clothes and then rejoined them in the dining room.

Paolo was smiling like a Cheshire cat when I sat down and I knew that something was up. The three of them were speaking Italian and I was able to follow most of it but I clearly lost some of the conversation. After dinner we enjoyed an espresso and Sambucca and I listened as Paolo, Franco and Marina talked excitedly. I was sure that I heard words that meant ass and blow jobs but I couldn't be sure. Finally Paolo spoke to me in English.

"Walter, Franco and his wife are swingers and they are bi-sexual. I told them about us and some of our adventures and they would like to get together with us," he told me.

I was stunned and then I took a closer look at Franco and Marina. She was pretty in a mysterious way as she had that true southern Italian look. She had dark brown hair, brown eyes and olive skin. I had noticed her figure briefly before in her stretch ski pants and sweater and she seemed to have nice size tits and a shapely ass. Franco seemed to be fit and he was about the same stature as Paolo.

"They would like us to join them in their room for a drink," Paolo told me.

"And after the drink are we going to play?" I asked him.

"But of course Walter, that is what they want," he replied.

"Okay, I'm all for it," I agreed.

Paolo spoke to them it Italian and their faces lit up with smiles. We finished up in the dining room and then joined them in their suite. Franco poured everyone another after dinner drink and then we sat and toasted one another. Marina came over and sat with me and smiled at me.

"I told Marina about your big cock, Walter and she is anxious to experience it," Paolo said.

Franco sat with Paolo and put his arm around Paolo. He then began rubbing Paolo's crotch and Paolo in turn rubbed Franco's crotch. Marina also began to rub my crotch and then she unzipped me and fished my erect cock out of my pants. I recognized the word beautiful in Italian as she exclaimed her delight. She stroked my cock a few times and then dropped her mouth on it. Marina began to bob her head up and down on my cock as she seemed to test her gag line. I looked over at Paolo and he and Franco both had their cocks out and they were jerking each other off.

Things move quickly after that and we all soon had our clothes off. Paolo and Franco moved into a 69 position and sucked each other's cock. I moved between Marina's legs and lapped at her pussy. She was thrilled that I ate pussy and she had the hairiest bush that I had ever been down on. Marina came quickly and then I moved between her legs and slipped my rock hard 9" into her cunt. My thick cock fit snuggly in her for the first few strokes and then it moved easily as her pussy got wetter and wetter.

Marina was going crazy and she was telling me in Italian to fuck her faster. I began to pound her harder and faster and she seemed to experience a continuous string of orgasms until the final one which rocked her hot body. She thrust up into me, stiffened and then went into a set of convulsions as she climaxed. I still hadn't cum and I wanted to flood her pussy with my seed but she begged me to stop. I recognized the words; enough, please, stop, let me rest. I rolled her over on all fours as I planned to fuck her doggy style.

Before I shoved my cock into her pussy from behind, Franco handed me some lubricant. Apparently they both thought that I was going to fuck her in the ass. I took the lubricant and began to finger Marina's asshole as this was an unexpected surprise. I loved fingering her anus and caressing her shapely ass cheeks. I added some saliva to my lubricated cock making it as slippery as I could and then I eased it into her ass. God she was tight.

Marina was speaking rapidly and Paolo told me to go slow because I had the biggest cock that she ever had. Both Franco and Paolo joined me on the bed and watched as my cock spread her aperture open to new dimensions. I took my time and fed her a little at a time until my cock was in her ass. Then I fucked her ass slowly as she adjusted to the thickness. Marina had her head down and she was grasping the bed covers with both fists. Her head turned to the side and I could see the look on her face. She seemed to struggle with the slight discomfort but at the same time she was overcome with desire.

Paolo knelt next to Marina on the bed and then Franco fed his cock to Paolo's ass. The four of us fucked until Franco and I came. Franco came first and gasped aloud as he filled Paolo's ass with cum. I kept drilling Marina's ass as she urged me to cum in her. Finally I stiffened and fired a barrage of cum deep into her ass. She reached between her legs and frantically fingered her pussy as she felt cum fill her rectum. I stayed hard and I continued to fuck her shapely hot ass.

Franco and Paolo traded places and Paolo fucked Franco as I continued to fuck Franco's wife. Paolo didn't last long as he was very turned on. I heard him groan and then I watched as his body stiffened and he shot his load in Franco's ass. I kept right on fucking Marina as she begged me to cum again. Then I felt my second orgasm approach so I drove into her hard and let it loose. I filled her ass with another load that mingled with the first. 

As my cock softened and slipped from her ass, cum squirted out and then ran down between her cheeks and over her pussy. Franco surprised Paolo and I when he got behind his wife and licked the cum from her asshole. Marina went crazy with her husband's tongue in her ass and she rubbed her clit rapidly in search of another orgasm. Marina screamed in ecstasy and then collapsed on the bed. Franco followed her trying to keep his tongue in her ass. He then used his hands to spread her cheeks and he sucked the remaining cum from her asshole. It was really a turn on to watch this wicked married couple.

We stayed together for a long time and fucked in several different positions. We triple fucked Marina with me in her pussy, Paolo in her ass and her husband in her mouth. Then Franco had Paolo fuck him in the ass while he sucked on my cock and his wife sucked on his cock. By the time we left their room Paolo and I had cum at least four times and we were drained as were Franco and Marina. Paolo and I returned to our room and crashed for the night. We were dead tired and we didn't move all night. 

SUNDAY A GREAT DAY TO SKI

I woke up before Paolo that morning and quietly went in the bathroom to pee, shower and shave. When I came out Paolo was awake but he could hardly move. He was sore from skiing the day before and he opted to stay in bed for awhile longer.
