 CAPRI TO ROCCARASO TO ROME

Over the next four weeks I made two more trips to Roccaraso and hooked up with Pam and Betsy. On one of those weekends, Paolo joined me and the four of us had a great time and some incredible sex together. Both Pam and Betsy wanted to see me fuck Paolo so we didn't disappoint them. Betsy wanted to try two cocks at once so she took me in her pussy and Paolo in her ass and she loved it. Pam was still not interested in anal sex but she took me in her pussy as she sucked Paolo's cock. We also got a lot of skiing in and really enjoyed the time together.

That weekend Pam shared with me that she was seeing a guy that didn't like to ski. She was getting flak from him about skiing and he wanted her to spend more time with him in Rome. Pam asked if I would come up to Rome in two weeks. I told her that I would as I loved Rome and it would be fun to see her and take in some more sights.

Two weeks later I was on my way to Rome. Pam had arranged a hotel room for me near the Embassy. It was one that was frequently used by non-VIP visitors to the Embassy. It was not near as fancy or as costly as the one used by the VIPs. I arrived at the hotel at about 2100 (9:00 PM) and when I checked in I was handed a note at the registration desk. I read the note and it was from Pam saying that she was sorry that she could not be there to greet me but she would try to stop by about 10:00 PM. I went on up to my room and unpacked and waited for Pam.

At 9:45 I received a call from the front desk that I had a visitor in the lobby. I immediately went downstairs to meet Pam. When I got there I was surprised to see Betsy but no Pam. Betsy smiled at me and greeted me.

"Hi, you look disappointed to see me," Betsy said.

"Not disappointed but surprised. I was expecting Pam," I replied.

"It's a long story. Let's get a drink and I'll fill you in," she offered.

Betsy took me to a little café not far from the hotel. She filled me in about Pam over a glass of wine. Betsy explained that Pam's boyfriend had really put the clamps on her this weekend. Originally Pam planned to spend the whole weekend with me but then her boyfriend made arrangements to spend Saturday and Sunday with her. Pam had hoped to see me Friday night but then she learned that her boyfriend had planned a get away to Tuscany and they were leaving Friday night. Since Pam couldn't get in touch with me she had asked Betsy to fill me in. Betsy and I ordered another glass of wine and talked some more. I learned that Betsy also had a boyfriend in Rome.

"So are you going to spend the weekend with me?" I asked Betsy.

"No I can't either but I am not committed to anything until tomorrow. Want some company tonight?" she answered sexily.

"I would love your company tonight," I replied.

"Well then let's go back to the hotel," she said and she stood up to take my arm.

We walked arm and arm down the street to the hotel as two lovers. The front desk clerk didn't even pay attention to the fact that I was with Betsy when we went up to the room. Once inside Betsy made a request.

"I want us to undress each other and I want to undress you first," she added.

Betsy stood up from the chair and walked over to me. Then she pulled my shirt up and off my body. I stood up as she dropped to her knees in front of me to lower my pants and underwear but first she removed my shoes and socks. Betsy then took hold of the underwear waistband and slowly pulled them down my legs. By this time I had an erection and it sprung out at her as she lowered my skivvies. My cock dangled in front of her face as she removed my skivvies from me one leg at a time. I stood completely naked in front of her with my cock just inches from her face.

Betsy took my cock in her mouth and sucked it gently. She licked all around it and ran her tongue up and down the shaft. Betsy was a very accomplished cocksucker and I knew that I would soon blow my load. She sucked me deep into her mouth and swirled her tongue around the shaft of my cock. I felt my orgasm building and I warned her that I was going to cum soon.

"I am going to cum soon Betsy," I cautioned.

She took her mouth of my cock and looked up at me with those deep brown eyes and replied, "I want you to cum in my mouth I want to taste your cum Walt."

Betsy returned her mouth to my cock and resumed sucking it until I exploded in her mouth. She continued to suck my cock and swallow every drop until my cock was drained dry.

"Oh Walt I love your cum. It is so tasty and so much of it," Betsy sighed as she licked her lips. 

Betsy then stood up still fully clothed and lifted her face up to me to be kissed. I kissed her and held her in my arms and then I began to undress her. I dropped to my knees, unbuckled her belt and unfastened her jeans. I pulled the jeans down her legs stopping to remove her shoes and anklets. Then I pulled her jeans all the way down and off her shapely legs. I then took hold of her panties and slowly peeled them down and off her legs. Betsy was trembling slightly and had goose bumps on her skin. I held her panties up to my nose and inhaled the smell of her femininity. Betsy gasped at the action. I reached behind Betsy and grasped her firm shapely ass in both my hands and pulled her toward me. She gasped again as I kissed her loins and fondled her ass cheeks. I could smell her sweet sex but I held off on licking her pussy. 

I stood back up and I lifted Betsy's sweater up and removed it from her body. Then I reached behind her and unhooked her bra. I was beginning to harden again and my semi-erect cock brushed against her thighs. I slid the bra straps slowly down her arms baring her small firm breasts. Her nipples were rock hard and I couldn't resist tweaking them a little which caused Betsy to moan softly. I then turned her around so that her back was to me and I reached around and cupped her firm tits in my hands. I played with her tits and nipples as I kissed the back of her neck. My cock was now fully erect again and it brushed against her buttocks as I fondled her.

I started a slow gradual descent down the back of her body kissing her neck, shoulders and back until I knelt behind her. When I reached her buttocks I planted kisses on both ass cheeks and tickled her crack with my tongue. Betsy couldn't take anymore of my teasing so she turned her body toward me, grasped my head in both hands and pulled me against her pubes. I found her pussy with my tongue and I grabbed both of her ass cheeks as I began to lick her pussy. Betsy gasped aloud as my tongue found her clit and she held my head tightly as she experienced a mild orgasm. Her body shook and she seemed to hold onto me for balance.

"Oh Walt I need to lay down. Can we go to your bed?" she said breathlessly.

I guided Betsy over to the bed and she immediately splayed her legs and welcomed me back to her pussy. I burrowed my tongue as deep into her as I could and then I just sort of licked and sucked my way up. When I got to her clit I used the very tip of my tongue to tickle it. I flicked my tongue over it once and then used the tip to explore the folds of flesh on either side of it. Betsy was now moaning and she arched herself so that her clit stuck out even further like a little cock. I licked it once more before I took it between my teeth and gently nibbled it. 

Betsy went wild and started bucking and moaning loudly. She pulled my head to her pussy as she cried out in ecstasy. I sucked her clit as deep in my mouth as I could and Betsy humped my face for all she was worth. I was pleased that I was able to get her that excited and I sucked harder and played with her wonderful clit with my lips, tongue and teeth. I don't know exactly how many times Betsy came but she finally begged me to stop as she collapsed on the bed, her body in spasms. 

I was not done with her however so I eased my dick into her pussy and began to fuck her slowly. Soon my cock was sliding easily in and out of her and we picked up the pace. Betsy wrapped her arms around my back and her legs around the back of my legs. She arched her back as she humped me hard and fast and I made sure that my cock stayed in contact with her clit as I plowed her cunt. We fucked hard and long working ourselves toward an exhaustive state. I could feel my orgasm building but I did not want to cum before Betsy and I was relieved when I felt her tense up.

"Walt, hold me, hold me, I'm coming, oh, oh, oh" Betsy screamed as she reached her crescendo!

She tensed up wrapping her arms around my back and her legs around the back of my legs in a vice like grip. I held her trembling body tight and I could feel her drench my cock with her pussy juice just before my own intense orgasm. I could feel it building in my balls and then I exploded filling her with my man seed. It seemed endless as I fired round after round of hot cum into her pussy.

I remained still with my cock still in Betsy's pussy as she uttered unintelligent moans and sounds and her body quivered. Her vagina muscles were involuntarily squeezing and releasing my cock, milking all the juice out of it. My deflated cock slipped from her vagina and she flinched as cool air touched her opening.

"Oh that was incredible. You are a very good lover, Walt," she sighed.

"Well you are too and I really enjoy making love to you," I replied.

"I need to rest for awhile, my body aches so," she said softly.

We rested for awhile and at this point I was anxious to get at her ass all the while wondering if she would let me fuck her in the ass again. I moved her to all fours with her ass elevated and she placed her head on the mattress turned to one side so she could see me. I started playing with her pussy and her curvy ass lubricating her asshole with her own cunt juice. Then I grabbed the lotion that I had brought with me and put an ample amount in her asshole. Betsy moaned and cooed as I fingered her pussy and her asshole simultaneously. I tired to get her asshole slick enough so that I could fuck her ass.

When Betsy didn't reject my probing I realized that she was going to let me fuck her in the ass. I put an ample of amount of lotion in her asshole coating the tiny puckered opening of her anus and lubricating the rim. I added my saliva to my lotion covered cock and nestled my dick against the entrance of her rectum momentarily before easing it inside her ass. I always found that body lotion and saliva will make my cock as slippery as possible. I could feel my cock struggle to stretch the resistant muscles. My dick head burrowed in and her rigid passageway soon yielded to the determined action of my cock. Betsy moaned as my penis filled her hole.

"Go slowly at first," she said sexily and then added, "And you know, not too deep at first and then deeper."

I fucked her with long and deliberate strokes until my cock was sliding easily back and forth in her ass. I caressed her shapely buttocks as I watched my penis move in and out of her rectum worming around inside of her curvy ass. 

I caressed her small tits and tweaked her nipples as I leaned over her body and whispered in her ear, "Betsy you have a hot ass, I love fucking you in your hot ass." 

My hands freely roamed her body and I pulled her hips drawing her backwards impaling her on my inflated member. I reached for her pussy to finger fuck her and diddle her clit but I found Betsy's hand already buried in her cunt. She was frigging herself frantically working herself toward an orgasm. Suddenly I felt my cock inside her ass swell up and I started pumping faster. Within minutes I knew that Betsy felt the warm fluid being squirted inside her anus and she immediately started to cum herself. Her cunt walls convulsed around her own hand fucking her cunt as her anal muscles squeezed every drop from my spurting cock. I grunted as my whole body became stiff and I slammed my cock harder into her. Betsy writhed around and her body arched off the bed as a climax of massive proportion tore through her loins.

My cock slipped from her ass with an audible pop and I flopped down on the bed next to her. She surprised me when she covered my cock with her mouth and sucked any remaining cum from my tool. The both of us were exhausted and Betsy curled up in my arms. The two of us then dozed off.

SATURDAY IN ROME

I woke up with a raging piss hard-on Saturday morning and I had hoped to fuck Betsy's brains out with it but she was gone. Apparently she left very early in the morning but she had left me a note. It read, "Last night was fantastic. Enjoy Rome! Fondly Betsy."

Well it was early and I decided to get an early start sightseeing. I figured that I might as well salvage the trip to Rome. I bathed and dressed quickly and then I headed off to the Pizza Navona for breakfast. The Pizza Navona is a wonderful place to visit as it has many shops and cafes. It is a great place to sip an espresso and people watch.

It was still chilly in Rome that time of year so I sat inside at the café. I ordered an espresso and a pastry and I looked over my street map to plan my day. As I was sipping the espresso and planning out the day, I noticed a cute young couple enter the café. They were both thin good looking blondes and I assumed that they were brother and sister. They looked at me smiled and nodded and I nodded back at them. I returned to my street map and walking guide as they ordered their breakfast.

I was about to order another espresso when I saw the blonde man coming over to my table. He smiled and then spoke to me in very deliberate Italian from his guide book. He asked me in Italian if I spoke English. 

I smiled at him and answered, "Yes I am an American. I speak English."

Then he spoke to me in very good English, "My name is Lars and my wife and I are from Sweden visiting Italy. We are going to visit some sights today and I was wondering if you could help us."

"Certainly, what would you like to see today?" I asked.

"That is what my wife and I are trying to decide which is why we could use your help. Would you like to join us at our table?" he requested.

"Sure I'll do that," I replied.

I went to order another espresso but Lars insisted on getting it for me. I joined them at their table and Lars introduced me to his wife Inga. It was still hard to believe they were husband and wife since they looked so much alike. They were about 5'5" or 5"6" tall, thin blonde and built similarly. Inga was very small breasted and looked flat chested. They were very pleasant and very grateful for my help.

Then I thought that since I was alone why not invite them to join me. I told them what my plans were for the day and that I would be happy to show them around. I told them that I would take them to see the Arch of Constantine, the Pantheon, the Roman Forum, St. Peter's Basilica, the Trevi Fountain, the Colesseum, the Spanish Steps and the Circus Maximus.

Lars and Inga were thrilled with my offer. We finished up at the café and then he headed off to see the sights. During the course of out tour I learned that Lars and Inga had been married for about seven years and I was surprised to find out that they were both 29 years old. I didn't think that they were much older then 21 years so at 29 they were 10 years older than me. They were impressed with my Italian and I had to use it several times. They told me they were so grateful to have me along as they would have been lost a few times. Although they both spoke several languages, Italian was not one of them.

We stopped for lunch and they insisted on treating me. Over lunch they explained that they would be in Italy for over a month and that they were using Rome as their home base. They plan to see other parts of the country and they would travel from Rome. They had rented a furnished apartment in Rome for the month. I told them that when they came to Naples and that area that I would be happy to show them around. I also told them that I had a good Italian friend in the Amalfi Coast region that I knew would be willing to help them as well.

After lunch we continued sightseeing as long as it was light out. I planned the day so that we would end up close to where they lived. Lars and Inga insisted that I join them for dinner as they wanted to treat me for my kindness. I accepted their invitation and we dined at a very quaint restaurant. Over dinner we had an interesting conversation as they told me about Sweden and I told them about the U.S. I explained that I had to be back in Naples tomorrow evening but if they liked I would show them some more sights in the morning. They were thrilled with my offer. 

After dinner Lars asked me back to their apartment for a nightcap. I was so comfortable with this couple that I accepted. I said that I would stay for a short while and then I could catch a taxi back to my hotel. We arrived at their apartment and although small it was very tastefully appointed. Lars and I sat in their living room sipping a Sambucca while Inga made coffee. Then she joined us with the coffee. I told them after the coffee and two drinks that I really should go and that I would see them in the morning. Then I got the surprise of my life.

"Walt, Inga and I like you very much and we would like you to share our bed with us tonight," Lars bluntly offered.

"I don't know what to say," I replied somewhat stunned. I had never expected that from this cute couple.

"Say yes, I love to be with two men," Inga coaxed me.

"I have to tell you that I am not interested in another man's cock, if that is what is on your mind," I stated firmly looking at Lars.

"That is not a problem, but have you ever let a man suck you or have you ever fucked a man?" Lars questioned.

"Yes at times," I admitted.

"Then you are perfect for us and we would like you to stay," Inga added.

"Let's go into the bedroom then," Lars invited me.

I followed Lars and Inga into their bedroom where Lars and Inga undressed and hung up their clothes. I stared at the two look alikes and I was amazed how much they resembled one another. Except for Lars having a cock and Inga having a pussy they were almost identical. They both had slim curvy bodies that were virtually hairless and they both had smooth unblemished skin. Inga had very small tits and she was almost flat chested. They both had blonde pubic hair that looked more like peach fuzz. 

"Walter, are you going to come to bed with your clothes on?" Lars asked.

At that moment I felt a little foolish standing there fully clothed. I took my clothes off and folded them neatly in the nearby chair. Then it was Inga and Lars turn to stare. They admired my body and complimented me on my fitness. Then they approached me and they both ran their hands over my body. They enjoyed feeling my muscular torso and they ran their hands over my abs. I was hard in an instant and then Inga cooed.

"Oh Lars, look at his big cock, it's beautiful," Inga gasped as she took a hold of it.

Inga told me to get in bed and lay on my back. Then she knelt between my legs and took my cock in her mouth. Inga sucked my cock and caressed my balls. She was a very accomplished cock sucker and she was able to take me deep in her mouth. I swear I could feel my cock at the back of her throat and she seemed to have the ability to massage my cock head with her throat muscles. She had me racing toward an orgasm and I held her head with my fingers in short blonde hair as I began to face fuck her. Lars knelt behind Inga and slipped his cock into her. Inga never stopped working on my cock while her husband fucked her. Inga reached under my scrotum and lightly touched my perineum which sent me over the edge and I blasted loads of cum in her mouth. Inga rapidly swallowed all of my spunk and then she continued to suck and milk my cock and drain me totally.

I lay back on the bed as I recovered slowly from a fantastic blow job and watched Lars fuck Inga until his body stiffened and he announced that he was cumming. Inga leaned back against Lars as he came in her which caused her small tits to stand out. She definitely had cute tits even though they were small. Her nipples stood out like little dicks they were so hard.
