 The first two chapters of “Captain Jack,” will help to better understand this the part of the story. Please take the time to vote! Thank You.

The sun was out and the skies were as clear as a bell. There were no signs of yesterdays squall. Singhi and I checked the boat completely and everything was shipshape. It was 8:00am and the passengers were not on deck yet. I asked Singhi to check on them and see if they need anything. It had been a hard day for us all. I saw Joe come out of the cabin and walk toward the bridge. I asked if he wanted a cup of coffee and he accepted my offer. I poured him a cup and he sat down and we started to talk about things in general. By the time he left I knew his whole life story and it was 9:30, we talked and hour and a half. 

His father was a Real Estate tycoon and made millions in the market from the 40’s through the 80’s. Joe went to Stanford and gradated with a degree in chemical engineering. He got his masters in marketing from Harvard and went to work for Pfizer Pharmaceutical. He was a research chemist for them for 5 years. His father wanted him to work in real estate, but they did not really get along. So Joe went his own way with Pfizer. When Joes father died, he left Joe his fortune, which was in the high millions. Joe left Pfizer and started his own company, of which they developed the pill that Sheree had given me. Jason was working for Pfizer as a comptroller and left with Joe. Jason was married to Sandra, who introduced him to Sheree. The company was very successful and was now on the American Exchange. Joe and Sheree were married four years ago. Last year Joe was in a terrible car accident and was nearly killed he was in the hospital two months and physical therapy for six months. He felt he was lucky to be alive, but seemed very depressed. Well anyway that’s the feeling I got while I was talking to him. 

Sheree and Joe were on the deck now; Singhi had prepared breakfast for them. Sandra and Jason were not eating, they were still sick. Sheree and Joe were now getting some sun; lounging on the deck chairs and having coffee and we were talking. They looked a lot better than they did yesterday. 

Time to leave the dock and head on south to Cabo. With help from two Mexicans with the mooring, we left the dock and our safe harbor that we enjoyed last night. I looked at my watch and it was 11:15 am, I Hit the squawk box and called, Singhi. I was getting a little hungry I only had a muffin and coffee for breakfast. 

“I know your hungry, what do you want for lunch”?

Damn, he was standing there reading my mind. “What have you got”.

“What ever you want, I got it.”

. “Ok, I want a steak medium rare, baked potato and a salad”.

He frowned, turned and walked away, he stopped, and said

“You’re so predictable”. He turned and was gone again. 

Sheree approached with a sweet smile on her face, “where is our next stop,” she asked? “Well, we where headed for point Abreojos, when the storm hit. I think we will probably go down as far as San Carlos. That way we can make it to Cabo tomorrow afternoon probably about 3:00 pm.” 

“I want to thank you for last night; I really enjoyed the way you made love to me. It did not feel like we were just having sex! It, I felt like I was on my honeymoon. You were so gentle with me, I really felt loved.” 

She looked down and just stood there waiting for my response. Damn, what do I say to her. 

“Sheree, I have only loved one woman in my life and that was my wife Michelle. I have been alone for a long time except for Singhi, who is family. I have to say, you’re right about last night, and it was not just sex. It was special for me too, but I know that I have a lot of thinking to do. I really don’t know how I feel. Sheree, tell me one thing, what about Joe? I’m just wondering about that”.

She looked at me, her eyes asking for understanding, “Please can we talk later.”

I nodded and she moved away. I had not seen Sandra and Jason for while so I thought I should check on them. Sandra was still under the weather, in fact they both were still feeling the effects from the rough sea we had yesterday. 

Lunch was ready in the saloon, yes sir, I could eat a horse I was so hungry. I set the Autopilot and headed for the saloon. Damn, I could smell it when I entered; Sheree and Joe were there also. 

“Anyone care for a glass of wine with lunch,”

“Yes please” they both answered.

“Is cabernet ok,” They both nodded yes. 

My strip was perfect and the wine was excellent, a Jordan 1976 Cabernet. I was very relaxed and enjoying the food and the conversation. Sheree was sitting looking at me, with the sweetest smile on her face. She looked almost angelic. That sent a shiver through my body. She had on a pair of white shorts and a light orange blouse. Her eyes were twinkling and she wrinkled her nose at me and smiled. I wanted her in my arms so bad. Joe was working on his laptop computer and not aware of what was going on around him. I got up and headed for the bridge and Sheree trailed after me, I entered the bridge and she was right behind me. I turned and took her in my arms and kissed her full on the mouth. Her lips opened and I felt her tongue in my mouth, sending shock waves through my body. 

She whispered in my ear, “ I need you so bad.”

Once in the cabin, we were kissing and touching each other. She was hot as fire and I was burning with desire. We undressed each and we were both naked on the bed. I stood and looked down at her beautiful breast, her flat smooth stomach, her smooth mound and beautifully shaped legs, damn, what a beautiful sight to behold. She just lay there and looked at me with those big eyes, melting away all my inhabitations. I knelt beside her and kissed her nose, then moved down to her mouth. We kissed and kissed our tongues intermingling. I move down to her breast, her nipples were hard and standing straight out. I took one in my mouth then the other; I kept this up what seemed like and hour. She was moaning and stroking my back, and then I moved down to her stomach, I kissed and kissed and then sucked on her belly button. She started moaning louder and she had an orgasm that did not want to stop. Her eyes were rolling in her head and she was moving her hips like they were meeting the strokes of my cock. I stopped on her belly button and moved down on her mound, kissing and licking. Then I licked her pussy lips, which were soaked with her sweet nectar. I found her clit and sucked it into my mouth. She was squirming and she finally reached for my cock. Her hands we hot as the held me. She opened her legs wide and lifted them to the ceiling.

“Please, Jack make love to me.”

I was as hard as I ever was. I entered her pussy and she starting cumming the second my cock was in her. I stroked into her with a nice slow pace and she continued to cum, orgasm after orgasm. Finally, I felt my cock tense and start to pulse. She was cumming and I started, I blew so hard she jumped when the first stream of cum washed into her. I kept on shooting stream after stream, she was incredible, and she kept meeting my strokes with her strokes. We stayed like that till we were both exhausted. 

When I made it back to the bridge it was 2:30 pm, And Singhi was there as usual with a shit-eating grin on his face. He looked me in the eye.

“I like Sheree, she is very nice,”

Before I could say a word he was gone. The weather was good and the sonar did not show any thing to bother us on our way to San Carlos. We were still three hours away, the sun was warm, and the wind was soft and steady. I was feeling good about everything. At 4:00 pm I could see the Island of Magdalena and we would be in port a little ahead of schedule. 

At 5:00 pm we were anchored in San Carlos and all was secure, we had dinner at 6:30 pm. Sandra and Jason had dinner in their stateroom. They were still both under the weather. After dinner Sheree, Joe and I sat on the deck having and other Remy Martin, cognac. Joe and I both had Cohiba’s. Through conversation I found out that when Joe had the accident that almost killed him, he lost both of his testicles and would never have an erection again. I then started to understand the relationship that Sheree and Joe had. He wanted her to live a normal life that included sex. Until she had met me, Joe was not really at ease with the arrangement. She was such a beautiful woman; tonight she was wearing a full-length black dress, held up with spaghetti straps. The dress was backless and low cut in front, which showed a lot of cleavage. She was wearing diamond stud earrings and diamond necklace. She looked stunning; her outfit was simple but elegant. When we finished our cigars, Joe excused himself and left us setting there alone.

The moon was almost full and its beams were dancing on the surface of the water. We just looked at each other without saying a word, the light was hitting her face, making her look like a dream. She was smiling, the tips of her lips were up turned, her mouth slightly open, her eyes were sparkling they looked like emeralds. I could see her breast rising and falling with every breath she took. I finished my cognac with one swallow and went over to where she was sitting. 

Standing before her, I took her hands in mine and helped her to her feet. She was looking up at me her eyes staring deep into mine. I bent down and kissed her. Her lips were soft and inviting, I felt her tongue move slowly into my mouth, I met it with my tongue. We stood there locked in an embrace. I put my arm around her and we walked to my cabin, without speaking a word. Once, inside the cabin we both undressed without a word. She came to me, I was holding her in my arm and feeling her warm body melting into mine. We lay on the bed and kissed and fondled each other, she rolled over on to me. My member was like steel it was so hard, I could feel it on my stomach as she lay on me. I could feel her mound moving up and down my shaft, her breast moving with the same motion. She was rubbing her body up and down, side to side and kissing me. I pushed her off me and onto her back; I was between her legs kissing her nipples. She had both hands on my cock rubbing the head up and down her vagina; I could feel my cock being bathed in her flowing nectar. I moved down and tasted her pussy, Mmmmmm she tasted so sweet. She was pushing her hips up to meet my tongue that was darting in and out. I could take no more so I slid up her body and without even trying; I was buried deep into her. Oh god, what a feeling. She was beginning to gyrate her hips and was cumming, she was moving faster and so was I,

“Jack, oh fuck me, Jack.” 

We were both moving hard and fast. I wanted more; I could not get in deep enough to suit me. I was ramming into her like a jackhammer getting deeper with each stroked. She was still cumming, when all of a sudden I went off. I saw stars and rockets go off in my head. My cock exploded into her, like a dam bursting. Her legs wrapped around my ass to pull me in deeper and her backed arched, her hips thrusting into my cock. I shot wad after wad, of cum into her. She just kept on pumping her pussy on my cock and I kept stroking back into her. She was cumming again, and I kept stroking into her for all my worth, 

“ I love the way you make me cum, it seems once I start it just keeps on going. Yum, think you could make me cum again?”

An hour later we turned off the light and went to sleep. Yes, I did make her cum again, maybe even two times. As I was falling a sleep I was thinking what tomorrow would bring.

But that’s another story!

I hope you enjoyed this chapter of Captain Jack. The next chapter should be out soon.