 She was riding up and down my cock, her beautiful tits bouncing every which way. Her nipples were hard and distended, as I cupped them in my hands trying to hold them; I loved the feel of them moving as my fingers squeezed the meaty flesh. She was starting to cum for the fourth time this morning and I was only trying to make two. She did not change her pace she just kept grinding down onto my cock and I could feel cum dripping down onto my groin lubricating my cock to make it slide in and out easier. I could feel myself started to tighten up and my balls erupted a stream of cum that washed thought her body like a tidal wave, which caused her to match my orgasm with another one of her own.

She just laid there on top of me her warm body covering me like a blanket, protecting me from the elements. She raised her head and smiled at me, then kissed my nose. Snuggling her head on my chest and was kissing me. 

"Jack, I could stay like this forever. God, this feels good. I wish we were going to be alone today."

"It looks like we won't because I am sure that Joe, Sandra and Jason will be back on board sometime this morning." 

"I hate to think of sharing you with anyone. I just want you all to myself."

"Sheree, we don't always get what we wish for, but be careful of what you wish for because it might come true. Now get your beautiful body off me so I can shower."

I got on deck about 7:30 and it was beautiful, the sky was clear and almost as blue as the water. The harbor was filled with small boats and a Princess Cruise Line ship was sitting at anchor about two hundred yards to the starboard. There was another cruise ship on its way in. 

I went down to the galley made some breakfast, scrambled eggs, bacon, hash browns and toast. The coffee smelled good and was ready. I poured the coffee into a thermos carafe; I put everything on a tray and carried it to the saloon. I set the table and called Sheree for breakfast, which we both enjoyed. 

"He cooks too, Jack you have so many hidden talents. You're a wonder, is there anything you can't do? I bet you can't fly, hum, can you?"

"I can fly a Cobra chopper, when I was in the seals I learned a lot. Why don't you get some sun while I do my chores."

She went to the cabin to change and I went about my chores. I cleaned the galley, washed and put away the dishes, pots and pans. I then checked the fuel levels and set up a time for taking on fuel. I cleaned the engine compartment and then went topside to swab the deck. After swabbing the deck I started cleaning the windows, which really needed it. Damn, I was tired and sat down to relax when the shore phone sounded. It was Joe; they were leaving the hotel and would be at the dock in thirty to forty minutes. I changed my shorts and my shirt since they were filthy. Sheree was sunning herself near the bridge and I told her I was going to pick up the group, she frowned and looked dejected.

"Damn that's one wish that I wanted to come true, they would spend another day at the hotel, damn." 

I went down the gang and into the skiff and left for the dock. It was getting hot and you could feel the humidity. I pulled up to the mooring station and tied the boat down and proceed onto the dock. I sat down on the bench and waited for them. The sun was getting very hot and I was staring to sweat. I was watching all the bikinis and grading the bodies that were filling them. They don't leave a lot to the imagination they just let it all hang out. I love to watch tities jostling and fighting to get out of those tops. I saw a limo pull up and three of them got out and headed toward me. Sandra was all smiles and swinging her hips like they were on a swivel.

"Hi Captain." She purred and blew me a kiss. "Jack, Jason and I have to fly back to the states, we have a problem with the formulation for one of the medications. I tried to handle it over the phone but that did not solve the problem. We need to get to the boat and pack; the limo driver will wait for us here and then take us to the airport. The flight is already booked and we have an hour to get to the airport."

Everyone was quiet while going to the boat, surprisingly even Sandra. They hurried aboard and I was standing there alone. In about fifteen minutes they all appeared. They said their good-byes and I took them back to the limo. I went to a pay phone put in my phone card and called the number Singhi had given me. I told him what had happen and if he wanted to he could spend another day with his lady, which he was happy to do.

I tied the skiff to the boat and headed for the bridge, no one was on deck. I went to the saloon and the place was empty. I started back to the bridge and heard moaning of some kind coming from the main suite, which was where Joe and Sheree were using. I opened the door slowly and peeked in.

They were both nude on the bed. Sheree was on her back with her legs spread wide and Sandra on her knees with her head buried in her crotch. Her head was moving back and forth and her ass was swinging with her head. Damn, what a sight to see, Sheree was telling her how great her tongue felt and not to stop. I was there about five minutes watching and Sheree started to cum, her ass moving with her hips trying to get more of Sandra's tongue into her cunt. Sandra was like a bulldog she just kept on eating never stopping to rest or get her breath. The whole time Sheree was massaging her breast and pulling on her nipples stretching them as far as they could go. What and erotic vision I had before my eyes, damn I was getting hard. I slowly closed the door and backed away. I sat in a deckchair and was thinking of going ashore to have lunch; I did not feel like preparing anything. I was feeling very lazy and just wanted to rest my weary bones. An hour later they came out of the suite.

"How long have you been on board Jack, we didn't hear you when you when you got back."

"Well I guess you were busy doing something that distracted you, Sheree. Like feeding Sandra a late breakfast!"

"Now Jack don't be mean, its much easier to be nice. Anyway you could have joined us."

"As long as you enjoyed yourself Sandra that's all that matters. So putting that aside I am thinking of going ashore to have lunch and would you both like to accompany me I would be delighted."

Sandra looked disturbed with the prospect of lunching on shore; Sheree didn't seem to mind one-way or the other. They both looked at each other and agreed to go with me and they rushed to change clothes. Sandra was dressed in a short white skirt and a blue halter and sandals. Then Sheree appeared wearing a lime green dress that reached her mid thigh, it was a full skirt. The neckline was low revealing a lot of cleavage, her nipples sticking straight out. She looked a lot younger wearing that dress and she was also wearing a pair of matching high heels.

I called my friend who owned a seafood type grill; his place was right on the water. The place had a beautiful panoramic view of the harbor. I told him I was coming for lunch with two beautiful guests. He would have one of his valet workers pick us up at the dock and take us to the restaurant and then back when we were through.

When we got to the restaurant he was waiting for us and welcomed us with open arms. The girls were impressed with the place and Sandra though that Juan was a real doll. He put a bottle of my favorite Tequila on the table with three glasses.

"Jack if the ladies don't like tequila, I have anything they would like to drink."

"Is tequila ok, or would you like something else?" 

Sheree looked at me and nodded yes to tequila and Sandra wanted a margarita. There was salt and limes on the table. I poured two shooters of tequila one for me and one for Sheree. I licked the back of my hand and pour salt on it, licked the salt and threw down the tequila and sucked a lime into my mouth as the chaser. They brought Sandra her drink and she was sipping and watching Sheree. Sheree then followed my example to a tea and she gulped down the tequila. I could see her face contort and then she swallowed. I almost starting laughing but held it in and just smiled at her. We both had another shooter and they were bringing the food. 

Each platter had a lobster tail and four large prawns; they were adorned with slices of avocado, heart of palm and rice. The lobster and prawns were broiled in chili lemon butter. It was an amazing lunch and the girls ate like two wolves, of course I devoured everything on my plate and what they couldn't eat. We sat and watched the people and Sheree and I had three more shooters after lunch. Sandra stayed with the Maggie's. We walked on the beach for a while then the driver took us back to the dock.

Sheree was feeling the tequila and was very happy and giddy and Sandra said she was horny and wanted to play.

"Lets all go to my cabin and get naked and have some fun, what do you say Jack."

"Just what kind of fun are you thinking about Sheree, I think all three of us would be fun. Don't you think so Sandra?"

When we got to the cabin they both shed there clothes as quickly as possible and then started undressing me. We were all feeling no pain and willing to try anything once. 

They both pushed me down on the bed and were dueling with their tongues on my shaft. One of them was on the right and one on the left side, both trying to swallow my cock at the same time. They started taking turns trying to deep throat me I was surprise that Sandra got a little more half of the shaft in her mouth, now Sheree was a different story she could get the head in and maybe an inch more. Sandra was getting greedy and would not let Sheree have a turn. So Sheree knelt next to me and lifted her leg over me and sat on my chest and I was playing with her nipples. I could feel Sandra sucking and slurping her saliva running down my cock. Sheree moved up higher on her knees stopping over my face and lowered her swollen labia gently on my lips rubbing them back and forth. I pushed my tongue up trying to get in her but she was out of reach. Sandra was now sucking on my balls, OH baby what a sensation. Then Sheree lowered herself down and my tongue entered her pussy. Flicking in and out of her sweet tasting pussy, my mouth and faced covered with her juice. Sandra was sucking hard and moving her mouth up and down the shaft and I started to cum. I took her by surprised because she gagged on the first shot then she really started sucking and Sheree was ridding my mouth hard and she was cumming and I was in never, never land. Finally I could feel Sandra letting my cock slid out of her mouth and Sheree was still riding my face.

Slowly she was stopping her grinding and she rolled off me. Sheree laid the on the bed spent and Sandra was kissing her pussy and sucking her, after about six or seven minutes Sheree was cumming again. Sandra's head was bobbing up and down and I could see her tongue sliding up and down her labia. Sheree was playing with her nipples, pinching them between her thumb and forefinger and pulling the nipple as far as it would stretch and I lay there and enjoyed the floorshow. 

Sandra looked up and saw me watching the action and grabbed my cock and started moving her hand up and down the shaft. Sheree opened her eyes and saw Sandra with my cock in her hands.

"Sandra let go of his cock, it's my turn now. You had it earlier and now I want it, right is right. Sheree was on her hands and knees kissing me and removing Sandra's hands from my cock. Now Sheree had me in her hands and playing with my shaft, stroking it up and down. I grabbed her and turned her around and I kissed her ass and she laid her head on the pillow. I started kissing her pussy and licking her swollen lips she was very wet as her juice was running down her thighs. Her cunt was defiantly ready to be fucked. I inserted the head into her and reached around and grabbed her tits. I pulled her back on my cock with her tits until her cunt had devoured my cock.

'OUCH JACK, that hurt! My breasts are very tender right now."

I really started fucking her hard; I was holding on to her hips and pulling her into my cock as I was ramming her as hard as I could. I looked down and Sandra was under her sucking on her nipples. I fucked her and fucked her and she was moaning and she exploded, she was cumming hard and could not stop cumming. I was still ramming her cunt trying to punish her for what I don't know. I fucked her hard like that for a long time and still could not cum. I was getting tired but vowed to myself I would not stop till I cum. She was starting to cry and I finally erupted and I mean erupted, she went down to her stomach and I still fucked her and then I started to soften and I slipped out of her ravished pussy. I picked up my clothes and left, while Sandra was helping Sheree to her feet.

I was sitting on the deck trying to figure out what happened and why I did what I did to Sheree. I hoped I didn't hurt her and I was concerned, and I saw Sandra coming toward me and she looked mad.

"What the hells a matter with you Jack all Sheree has every done is try to please you and you fucked her like a dog on the street. Are you mad at her for some reason, or were you mad at yourself because you have feelings for her?"

"Did I hurt her?"

"You sure as hell hurt her feelings and no, you didn't hurt her but you could have."

"I don't know what happened to me it was so good and I couldn't control myself, the deeper I went the deeper I wanted to go."

"The next time you want to fuck like that call me because I love it and will fuck you back just as hard, maybe even harder." She smiled all the time and I knew she was not kidding.

It was about 3:00 pm and I was smoking a cigar while pacing the deck. I think I must have walked five miles around the deck and as I was approaching the cabins the door to Sheree's cabin opened and she stepped out. I could see she had been crying, she almost looked afraid to speak. She shut the door and came closer. I was leaning against the rail and did not know what to say.

"Jack, did I do something to make you mad or hurt you because if I did I want to apologize to you?"

"I am so sorry Sheree, I don't know what happened it was so good and I was trying to make it better for both of us. I guess I made it better for me and bad for you. God, I hope I didn't hurt you?"

"You didn't hurt me but you sure scared me." She looked at me with those big green eyes that were filled with forgiveness.

We both stepped toward each other at the same time and she was in my arms, her arms wrapped around me and her head snuggled on my chest. I wrapped my arms around her and squeezed and she looked up and a tear was rolling down her cheek. I leaned down and kissed the tear away and felt her lips against mine. We stayed that way for quit a while embraced in a lovers clinch. The sun was getting low in the western sky; we walked to the bow and watched the sky turn to red, purple, orange and different shades of blue. The colors had now settled on the surface of the sea turning it to a painter's palette of colors. We sat on a deck chair and cuddled together watching the master painter turn our personal world into a fantasy of color.

"God, Isn't it beautiful, Sheree?"

"I could sit here forever looking at this scene with you Jack."

"I am so sorry about what happened today, I wouldn't blame you if you never wanted to make love with me again."

"That's the problem, Jack. That's all I want is to make love to you."

We sat there and kissed until the sun was almost down into the water. I asked if she was hungry and she was still full from lunch and so was I. I started wondering where Sandra was; we hadn't seen her for sometime. Thinking of the devil and there she was and she was dressed to the nines.

"I am going to take the little boat and got into to town and party. Is that ok with you Jack?"

"Are you sure you can handle the skiff, Sandra."

"What do I look like an idiot? Of course I can handle the boat my dad had one about that size. Have a good evening you two because you know damn well I will, Bye." 

We watched as she got to the dock and she moored the skiff and got into a taxi and was gone. I started laughing and Sheree asked," Why are you laughing Jack?"

"She is something else, she is one tough son of a bitch. She has the balls of a gorilla." 

We both laughed until we were hysterical; she really was a ball buster. It was starting to get chili so we went to Sheree's cabin and just snuggled lying on the bed. She told me she wanted to get ready for bed and she went into the head to change, when she came out she was wearing a yellow nightgown that barley cover her ass cheeks.

"Do you like my nitie?"

"I sure do like your nitie sweetheart, especially since its yellow." 

"Do you like yellow Jack?"

"I love yellow it's my favorite color."

"Duh, I know that Jack, why do you think I have been wearing so much yellow?"

"I love you in a yellow nightgown but the only problem is that I love taking them off of you more than seeing you in them."

"Well, Jack what are you waiting for?"

I reach down and pulled her nightgown over her head and put it on the on the dresser. She shivered and snuggled into her head on my chest and my free hand playing with her breast. Her breast was warm and felt good in my hand; I was lightly squeezing her nipple between my fingers. Her other breast was smashed into my body and her leg was entwined with my legs. She was running her hand up and down my thigh and then she finally laid it on my cock, which was as stiff as a board. She just kept move her hand slowly up and down the shaft.

"Jack, you know that what happened today really turned me on! I loved the way you were fucking me it felt so good. I was straining and could hear myself moaning as your cock pressed into my cervix. I could feel every vein, curve and bump of your huge cock as it probed and stretched the inner walls of my vagina to their maximum."

I just lay there and listened to her every word, which was turning me on. She just continued to run her hand up and down my cock while I played with her nipple.

"I just closed my eyes Jack and was completely obsessed with the feel of your massive cock filling me, it actually felt like my whole body was wrapped around your cock. When you pulled it out it felt like my insides were being sucked out with it. The harder you were ramming into me the more excited I was getting then we both started cumming and I actually blacked out. I think I almost crushed Sandra's head when I went down to my stomach."

"Damn, you have me so turned on right now that I am ready to explode in your hand."

"Don't do that baby I have a better place for you to explode."

She sat up and moved her leg across my body and was sitting on my stomach I could feel her cunt as it sucked on my skin, she was flowing her nectar. I was holding her tits in my hands softly caressing them and she leaned down and kissed me. She put her weight on her arms and lifted herself up and positioned her open labia just touching my cock head. She sat down and drove my cock as deep as it would go into her body.

"Jack, it feels so good. I just want to stay like this for a while and just feel your cock in me. God, you feel so damn big. Can you feel my vaginal muscles flexing on that piece of meat in me? God, you feel so big."

"Mmmmm, yes I can feel your muscles working on my cock."

"Jack, flex your cock please. Oh my god that feel so good, keep on flexing it please. Oh god I'm going to cum. Oh, OH, OH JJAACCKKKKKK. Oh baby Oh shit OOOHH OOOOHHHHHH."

I just lay there flexing my cock back and forth not moving and she was just barley rocking on my pulsing cock as she was cumming. When she finished cumming she started sliding up and down the shaft nice and slow.

"Oh baby that feels so good, I love that feeling of me fucking your cock. Gee, it feels so big tonight. Oh god, please fuck me! That's it baby, yeah, oh yes a little harder.
