 Many thanks to my wonderful editor: graynsam



The solid door quietly opens a crack. A small rolled up towel, likely a facecloth, is silently placed between the inside edge of it and the corridor wall to prevent the door from automatically latching. The understanding is I wait at least 15 minutes after this signal before responding; by then, he would make sure she is ready - blindfolded and on the bed.

I arrive between 8:40 and 8:45 p.m. The floor is hard under my bum as I sit under the window; it is far down this long, narrow hallway around the corner from where the elevator arrives with its overnight guests. It's a slow Saturday night; the summer tourism season has long passed for this hotel. I've already spent the few minutes that I've been waiting restlessly compiling the list of groceries I need to purchase tomorrow, and I'm to excited to feel like reading the book I brought along to pass the time.

From this distance, I can't hear any sounds escaping from room 416's slightly open door. It is three suites away from where I rest on my numbing bum. I shift my weight from one butt cheek to the other because with my back pressed against the wall I'm getting a sore spot under my right shoulder blade. I give up trying to concentrate and stash my unfinished shopping list and the black sandals I've kicked off into the blue-clothed hobo bag at my side. I should wear warmer clothes for a chilly September evening, but instead I decided to take the sexy route.

Closing my eyes to get a little bit of rest, I lean my head back, settling for awhile, against the cool exterior wall. I need to have energy tonight, even though I feel myself starting to tire as I bide my time. It is so frustrating that this hotel chain doesn't provide armchairs for their guests on all the floors like they have done in the lobby. But thankfully, blanketing the tough concrete floor is at least thin layer of carpet though, in typical hotel fashion, the busy design and colours on the rug couldn't get any uglier.

I stretch out my cramped legs being careful to keep my knee-length dress down around my knees even though no one is around. I welcome the silence and shift my mind toward the upcoming evening.

I believe it isn't very often one gets asked to sneak into someone else's bedroom to watch them have sex – vulnerably naked, blindfolded, and getting fucked as they moan, scream, and explode uncontrollably to sensations that are so sensitive it is difficult to put into words. And, it is unbelievably amazing to know the images and fantasies played out in the mind of the one building toward that unconscious climax, could not have been seen by their watcher. I'm wetting my panties just thinking about her, a woman I've never met, being spread on the bed, nipples hard, mouth open and pussy dripping whilst I spy.

Inhaling deeply, I breathe out a long sigh hoping it will destroy my excited anxiety. The floor-covering certainly isn't as comfortable as it looks and I guess it doesn't have to be; I'm will to bet not many people spend their time sitting on the floor in the hall of a hotel.

My thoughts flow inward, yet like a coloured illustration in a Dr. Seuss book I can see them in all their detail escaping like a tortuous road out in front of me, going on for miles as fast as my mind can create them. I wonder what it will be like to be held in his strong arms. I remember first laying my eyes on him; his light coloured eyes look back at me absorbing my aura and figure. They softly flow over my body and have a natural way of almost kissing and caressing. I want to get to know his mysterious soul. I'm mesmerized by his broad masculine beauty. One day I want to have sex with him but I'm not so sure his wife would be too happy about it.

He reveals she is uptight. Stressed out to the max at work, she has little time for thoughts of sex at home. He only "gets it" if he can talk her into "getting away from it all" for a weekend. She is a private person when it comes to sex, only liking to share him in the safety of her fantasies. Tonight they are acting out one of them, more so than she knows.

The darkness I see behind my eyelids is calming and peaceful. Finally, the hustle and bustle of daily life begins to fade away. Dreamily, I remember a past conversation. He confides in me how he and his wife behave when they are affectionate. Gently he nestles his face into her neck kissing her with his warm tongue and then he moves his small mouth down to caress her pointy nipples till he makes them hard. She stands completely naked dressed only in her four inch high heels that accentuate her strong legs and the shape of her ass. His firm flat hand holds her round ass tightly up against his bulging jeans as they both sway to maybe soft piano music playing on the portable CD player. To stimulate herself, she imagines different sensations racked across her pale skin from the top of her thighs to her breasts and over her bare back until he actually starts using the different objects he has gathered tonight to arouse her. As they dance, her sensitivity of touch is enhanced because now he has blindfolded her, tightly.

I bat my eyes under the bright lights in the hallway and pry myself off the hall floor. Surely fifteen minutes must have passed by now. I stand straightening my back; I wiggle my thighs open trying to escape the moisture that has built up against my smooth pussy lips.

I wander over to room 416 where the white terrycloth towel allows me access. I can hear the spray of spring rain accompanied by a pan-flute on the music player. Slowly, I open the heavy door just wide enough to slip myself in sideways on my bare feet. It is a good thing I'm petite. The closer I can keep the door to a closed position the less risk I have of making a sound with it.

My one hand holds the door open while I reach behind it and gently set my bag on the floor so the keys on my keychain don't jiggle against one another. With the bag behind the door and against the wall I'm less likely to trip over it in the dim light. Using my big toe I pull the facecloth back into the room discounting it.

I catch myself holding my breath for fear of letting on I'm in the room. Getting caught because she questions odd sounds would end the night prematurely. I take a few minutes, to prevent the hinges from squeaking, and with two hands I ever so quietly shut and latch the wooden door for privacy.

My chest heaves; I've held my breath too long. Nervously shaking now, I try to slow my breathing. My cheeks flush as the warm air in the room delicately flows over them like a light brushing from the soft hairs of a paint brush. I'm excited! God this is really happening, tonight.

When the blood-filled throbbing veins in my temples subside, I slip out of my black, skin-tight dress and leave it in a heap in the foyer of the room. I only leave on my lacy grey panties with a small red bow. He didn't tell me to strip naked when I arrive, however, I feel it would be better to be properly dressed, or undressed, for the occasion.

Once inside I try to focus my eyes against the darkened room. It takes a couple of minutes to see that it looks similar to every other cookie-cutter hotel suite I've seen before, done up mainly in a neutral beige coloured palate. He must have heated the room earlier this evening, perhaps after eating their supper downstairs in the main dining room, because I am hotter in here than I was outside in the hall. Or maybe it is just my arousal and the anticipation I feel. It is amazing how a conversation with a vague contact can lead to an evening like this.

"Do you know what she says to me every night before turning off the light?"

"No," I mumble between sips of hot black coffee.

"Something about work, she is always complaining about her work. Never, I Love You! It's 'work' from the time she gets home until bedtime." Sadly he says, "I feel as though she doesn't really see me anymore. I miss her lots and wish she could relax enough to want to be with me." He stares into the wall; 'lost soul' is written all over his face.

I hope the people sitting beside us in the cafe don't start eavesdropping as his voice grows in volume coloured with dissatisfaction.

"Maybe once things settle out at work with the new boss her stress levels will fall and she will feel better," I try offering positive comfort.

"I'm taking her away for the weekend," he decides. "When she is out of the house she relaxes enough to want sex...," and he adds hesitantly "...by the second night. If we don't get away this weekend, I'll go crazy."

The remainder of the conversation that afternoon is directed to a small booth at the back of the tiny coffee shop. I feel it to be too heavy a conversation for a table near the entrance. Since bumping into him down the street, Michael invites me out for coffee to get to know me better. He is an acquaintance of mine through a distant friend. I don't know Michael very well, exchanging only a couple of sentences with him before but I happen to have the afternoon free and he's so insanely sexy, not to mention charming.

Happily I find he is attracted to me too. Michael is a very relaxed man and we get along surprisingly well, chatting smoothly like we had known each other for some time. We discuss everything from mutual friends and hobbies to our favourite foods and movies. And, we both really love to talk about sex. Not your ordinary husband and wife on the bed sex, but different sex, sex where people try new adventures and opportunities. Michael has the ability to quickly turn me on as he unfolds his sexual dreams, one by one, face up upon the table.

He has much wilder fantasies of sexual fun than his wife does, more matching my own. Michael says he wants to experiment trying anal intercourse, seeing what sucking a cock is like and watching his wife with another man. He is thrilled to hear about my past ménage à trios and lesbian experiences. Romantically, I study his sincere smile, his smoothly shaven baby-face, and his narrow strong jaw line as I listen intently. Discussing sex with a new person is exhilarating, I'm hot and I find my cunt filling my pants with pools of love juice. I thoroughly enjoy this afternoon with Michael.

He tells me his wife, Lisa, finds sharing fantasizes with him is on the edge of her comfort level. Michael said, when he talks to her, he almost pleads with her to allow them to act on one of her hot fantasies – such as sharing sex as a couple with another person hoping executing this fantasy will at least add a bit of interest in their sex life (with the hope it will also lead to her wanting more sex.) But no matter how much Michael tries, Lisa is not willing to go along with any idea.

Michael is a desperate man. He feels he is beginning to withdraw from daily happiness due to a lonely heart. He says it is crucial that he does something to fix his frustration. He's not after an affair and has no interest in any kind of cheating. He truly adores his wife and wants to help her, to help them both. After all he has been patient all these years, however, he is now willing to accept the risks involved by trying 'something' to remedy the situation.

Lisa needs to understand that she has to give more sex to Michael on a week to week bases to satisfy him and Michael needs to accept that, if he stays with his wife, sex won't necessarily be an extremely wild and experimental affair every time but one that is restricted within boundaries where his wife feels secure.

I, on the other hand, can't help falling for Michael. For some unknown reason I can't explain, I find a sexy and needy heart so very attractive and even more when I listen to his soft gentle voice.

Over several cups of coffee one idea leads to another and before we know it we have devised a gentle game-plan that we hope will arouse Lisa beyond her wildest dreams. Hopefully, it isn't too gutsy and will not totally scare her, but maybe it could push her out of her comfort limits just a wee bit but keeping her within her own "fantasies", safety net. Maybe it will free her from her sexual hang-ups and save their dying marriage.

Tonight, we are executing the plan.

Hidden around the dim corner inside the hotel room, I hear soft cooing. I peek around the wallpapered wall on my right toward where the bed ought to be. Bunched up on the floor is a king size quilted comforter. I lean further into the room and see that Lisa lies naked on her back in the middle of the bed with both her wrists tied, layered in a red silky scarf, one to each side of the headboard. A black blindfold covers her eyes and wraps around her short, dirty blonde hair. Michael's back is to me as he sits on the edge of the bed near her hips. Obviously still preparing his wife with erotic foreplay on the bed, I think that they have been at this for at least 20 minutes.

Lisa's straightened legs twist slightly crossing at the ankles toward her captor as he sits beside her and affectionately drags a long feather across her thin midriff and toward her dark hairy cunt. Her body language gives the impression of 'behaving' and I wonder what kind of performance Michael has planned for her tonight. If the firm leather crop standing-by on the nightstand is any indication, she will have to behave a little longer to avoid punishment.

An old-fashion floor lamp has been left on dim-mode casting a soft, yellow glow about the room emanating from behind the leather loveseat against the far wall. I now realize I have to enter the long narrow room and cross it without making a sound. It feels weird to think about crossing the room right in front of her as she lies spread naked on the bed, even though she can't see me. I tiptoe over the pile of clothes they have left on the burgundy rug and move to the extra-stuffed sofa. It looks way more comfortable to sit on than the upright office chair hiding behind the small wooden desk. Breathing quietly, I settle in carefully on the throw rug, conveniently placed on the cushion so my legs won't stick to the leather and make any noise. On the wall above my head is a cheap framed print of green reeds matching the ones in the ceramic vase on the coffee table, it's strange what you see in situations like this.

This is way more titillating than I ever imagined, sneaking in and watching them have sex. I wonder what she will think of me once she finds out I'm here. I smile; watching her restrained body wiggling and yearning for a good fuck makes me want to have sex with Lisa too but I gather that's a very premature thought for our first night together.

Lisa's pure white skin is in vivid contrast to Michael's dark blue jeans and jet black tee-shirt. For some time Michael gently kisses her body and then looks over in my directly with his fresh turquoise eyes and smiles. I wink back grinning. I notice how adorable and sexy he looks. Michael seems more alive and perky tonight than he did a few days ago, even more youthful.

It seems Lisa didn't hear me come in the room. It feels strange to be here in front of them during these intimate moments together yet again it still feels somewhat natural. I find it impossible to explain the feelings I have right now except to think that I'm at ease because I enjoy the freedom of being naked and I enjoy sex so much.

This is the first time Michael has seen my naked breasts. They are much fuller than his wife's. He must realize I'm already aroused and wet. I tuck my leg up under my bum, settle into the blanket and get comfortable. Sitting across from me on the oak dresser, beside the lifeless TV is the mini music player and two used wine glasses.

Being here in room 416 is like being a player in a movie only more up close and personal. I watch Michael slowly tease Lisa's whole body with feathers, finger-sized vibrators and even the heal of her high heel shoes, forcing her to concentrate on every little touch and sensation. She likes this about sex. He has still more patience giving at this slow pace than I would ever have. As Michael kisses and fondles her, he gradually builds up the tension between them acting out the master/slave fantasy. The tickling feather is eventually replaced with a scratching kitchen fork; light strokes of the hand turn into twists and hard pinches of her nipples. She catches her breath at times yet doesn't make a sound.

Rising from the bed, he comes to stand over me and takes the back of my neck in his hot palm pulling my face up toward his as he leans down closer. Pleasant scented cologne floods my nostrils. His tall handsome body dangerously dares me to reach out and touch him knowing if I do, my loss of lustful control will be embarrassing. But I still yearn for his touch all over my body.

He's boldness surprises me. Kissing me hard on the mouth, I continue wetting my panties. I flush; my temperature rises. I want him. I want him even more now with his wife tied up and blindfolded in front of us. I smirk to myself, how naughty and exciting. 

Thank goodness Lisa's hands are fastened to the bed so she can't remove the blindfold and see him kiss me. It's a long kiss full of passion, long enough for me to focus on the softness of his lips and then on his wiggling tongue sensing his enjoyment of exploring my mouth. It is an unexpected, overwhelming welcome and although I thoroughly enjoy it I'm still left hanging and squirming in my dripping panties. But I can not expect sex from Michael tonight. The kiss is just a thank you knowing it is not his plan that I have sex with them, or that he has sex with me. I'm here to watch Lisa and surprise her (eventually) with the fact that a stranger has enjoyed seeing her exposed and likely embarrassed in her totally vulnerable state. This should fulfill her 'desire to be watched' fantasy and hopefully, in reality, it will turn her on adding to the excitement that already exists between her and her husband tonight. Hopefully tonight's experience will also lead to fulfilling a fantasy desire they both share - someone joining the two of them in group sex.

He leaves my side returning to be near his wife who is securely tied up on the bed. Michael slowly begins undressing.

My presence here is also turning Michael on. Already the sex scene he's participating in tonight is more wild than his usual. He apparently likes to be watched too and, hopefully, his extra excitement will be passed on to Lisa as he continues to please her.

I can't help thinking what it would be like to be in Lisa's place, having sex with him and being under his captivating control. He's so hot and sensual. The reality of being sexually touched by him seems much closer now than it did in the coffee shop. I doubt he would have kissed me if I had wandered over here to the couch in my dress. He never fondled my breasts while our mouths danced together; this has left me wanting him even more. How urgent 'wanting' can seem, the hunger, the desire; so much so, you'd do almost anything for it.

Never taking his eyes off me, Michael slowly undresses – first, the tee-shirt comes off over his head exposing the white hairs curling on his tanned bulky chest. He is athletically charming being a construction worker. He easily passes for a man in his early 40's and not the 50 year old he really is.

Next he reaches for his jean zipper and I feel a sharp jolt of ecstasy in my clit watching him slowly pull it down, unbuttoning the button and slipping the pants off his waist. Since he kissed me, a few moments ago, I realize I've been unconsciously rubbing myself through my thin panties as my other hand cups and caresses my tits making me feel wilder than ever. I watch him from my position on the leather couch as he stands over his naked, blind-folded and bound wife held captive on the hotel bed. God, I'm so horny.

I desperately want him to suck my nipples. I yearn for his hot wet tongue to flick across my swollen clit bringing me to climax. I want him to want me. I begin to daydream, I imagine the sound of distant, hollow jungle drums beating behind the melody of a synthesiser, as I circle around his head keeping eye contact at all times with flirtatious intentions like the mating dance of a desperate wild tiger. I blatantly seduce him teasing his lips against mine. I rub his chest hairs raking them through my wandering fingers as my arms hang over the front of his broad shoulders. Nibbling at his exposed neck I beg for him to serve me in my greatest desires. His puckering lips catch the attention of my watchful eyes. He desperately tries to pull me closer pressing my bouncing breasts up into his warm body. I love to watch him – I need him to want me.
