 Hello Literotica Readers. It has been quite some time since I posted. This series popped into my head and I thought I'd jump back in. Please do vote, comment, and favorite if you are in the mood. 

*** 

Mike had put in a late night. At Marcia's request, he'd started sleeping the guest bedroom on nights like that. She 'valued her sleep', as she always said. 

Lately, she'd been valuing her sleep a great deal. More often than not, Mike was sleeping there, either from late nights or from her waking him and telling him he was snoring. 

Things were rocky to say the least. 

Mike slept as long as he could, listening to the stirrings in the house as Marcia got the kids out for early bird at school. 

He woke, as usual, with almost painful morning wood. It did tend to get more painful the longer he went, and by his count it was now twenty-six days since the last time they'd had sex. He heard the door close and decided today he'd make another try at doing something about getting some relief from this throbbing reminder of his involuntary abstinence. 

It did not go well. From inviting her to take a shower with him, to coaxing, to pleading, and to finally fighting... Marcia made it clear that she was not in the mood. 

"Fuck, Marcia, we're married!" screamed Mike. 

"Yeah, about that," said Marcia. "I was thinking... maybe we should change that situation." 

"What? Do you want a divorce?" he asked. 

"Why don't we start with a trial separation and take it from there," she said. "Look Mike, I just... it's not you, it's me. I just don't love you anymore." 

"Are you fucking someone else?" he asked. 

"Don't be ridiculous," she said. "I just... this isn't working and we both know it." 

Mike's alarm went off on his phone. 

"Fuck, I've got to go. Perfect timing," he said. 

He really did have to go. He was in the carpool and it was his week to drive. It was one thing to bag out and drive himself, it was another to leave the other's hanging. 

"Fine," said Marcia. "Let's talk about this this weekend." 

"Oh, we'll be talking," said Marcia. 

"At least that'll be new," said Mike. "At least we'll be talking." 

Mike hurriedly grabbed his stuff and dashed to the car. He was already late, but with relief he saw two texts come in letting him know that two of the riders weren't going that day. 

There were four regulars in the car pool. Mike (43) who worked in software, Jenny (38) from HR, Alfred (33) who worked in accounting, and Lisa (26) who worked next door at the publishing company. 

Jenny was sick and Alfred had taken his own car because he had a late meeting, so Mike only had to pick Lisa up, and she was on the way to the Interstate. Car pool conversations were usually about the weather, the kids, their jobs, but never anything personal. However, Mike wasn't in the mood for talking. So, what Lisa said next was definitely a surprise. 

"God, I need a cock," Lisa blurted out suddenly. 

"Oh, I uh... I'm not sure what to say to that," said Mike. 

"I'm sorry," said Lisa. "It's been six months since I broke up with TJ and between work and other stuff, I haven't had any time. When I have gone out, it's like I've been wearing man repellent. 

"I find that hard to believe,' said Mike. 

Lisa was definitely the quiet librarian type, but she was also undoubtedly pretty. She dressed conservatively for work; hair up or in a ponytail, glasses, pencil skirts... but beneath her tailored blouses, it was obvious she had a lot hiding there. That, and she just had a more frank, bawdy nature. Just something in her tone told Mike that she was a wild thing at heart. 

"Oh no, it's true," continued Lisa. "I can't get lucky to save myself. I was at a wedding reception last week. A wedding reception, and I couldn't even lure an unsuspecting groomsman back to my room. Fuck, but I miss cock. I miss the taste of it, the feel of it inside me. Maybe most of all, I miss it in my hand. Just having that hard, firm shaft in my hand, pumping away, then swallowing the load. How can I describe it to you... how much I need it...?" 

"Oh, I think I know," said Mike. 

Mike was blushing about three shades of red, but tried to play it cool. 

"I wish you could bottle that desire up and give it to Marcy," he said softly. 

"What was that?" asked Lisa. 

Mike wasn't sure how to phrase this. How would he bring up the fact that he and Marcy were sleeping in separate bedrooms at the moment. That things had gone from bad to worse, that she wanted a separation... and that he strongly suspected she was having an affair. 

"Oh, nothing," said Mike. "It's just... you'd think that I'd be fine, being married. But my wife hasn't been in the mood much for, well, a couple of years. And when she does, it's just you're basic missionary without much else. Handjobs, blowjobs, hell, those haven't happened since before kids." 

"Shame," said Lisa. "So, what do you think of the defensive coach for the Broncos." 

With that, they switched topics, but the seeds had been planted. 

That was the morning drive. At 5:00, when Mike swung by Lisa's building, she had a devilish glint in her eyes. 

When they got to the car, Lisa slipped into the passenger seat and looked straight forward out of the windshield, speaking uncomfortably. 

"Mike, I'm going to say this once," she said. "I'd like to give you a handjob. No strings. No expectations. Just a straight up sexual favor. I think we both want something that the other person has." 

"But..." started Mike. 

"No discussion," said Lisa. "This is a yes, or no scenario. 'Yes', we do this. 'No', we drive home, I never said anything, and we're just carpool buddies like before." 

"Okay," said Mike. 

He put the car in gear and pulled out of the parking lot. He detected the slight disappointment in Lisa's face. 

Any other day in his life, he would have said no. But given how things were going with Marcia, and how the conversation had gone that very morning, he decided to dive in. 

One they were on the road, he put the car in cruise control and lifted his ass off the seat to unzip his pants. 

"Well, go on then," he said. 

"Yes!" said Lisa, giving a slight fist pump. 

They both stared forward, watching the road as Lisa's hand slipped over and began to work his cock out of his underwear. 

"Mmm... somebody's ready," she purred. 

"Somebody's been ready since this morning when you dropped that bomb about needing cock," said Mike. 

"Oh my, what treasures have you been hiding," said Lisa as Mike's manhood sprung free of its restraints. 

She was no longer watching the road. She was now eyeing his shaft hungrily. 

"Fuck, you've got a beautiful cock," she said. 

"Well, I don't know if I'll win any prizes for size," said Mike. 

"What is it with dudes and 'size'?" she quipped. "Get over it. Besides, you might not win a prize for being the biggest but you sure wouldn't lose a contest either. That is more than a handful my friend. Yum." 

Her hand was now wrapped around his shaft. She had smallish hands, and his cock certainly profited by comparison. 

Mike groaned as her hand began gliding slowly up and down his shaft. Her grip was firm and confident as the sheath of his skin began the pleasurable trip of compression and stretching. 

"God, you're rock hard," she murmured as her eyes returned to watching the road. It was strangely erotic, the idea that they presented the vision of two people on a regular commute. Perhaps a keen observer might detect a slight motion of Lisa's left arm, but not if they weren't looking for it. 

Mike was happy that they had a reverse commute, because he certainly wasn't in the proper mental state to negotiate any sort of road with heavy traffic. 

"Fuck, Lisa," he groaned as she picked up the pace. 

"You like that, huh?" she said. "You like getting a handjob from a younger woman? Do you like having a filthy cock slut taking care of you? Do you like how that makes you feel?" 

"So much," Mike croaked. 

It had been months since he'd had any such attention, and years since he'd had anyone talk dirty to him. 

"You just let me know when you're close, okay baby." 

Her hand moved faster, and faster. The only sounds in the car were of the 'thwack of her tiny fist as it plunged to the base of his shaft with each stroke. That, and the sound of Mike's ragged breath as the pleasure continued to grow. 

It didn't take long. The excitement of the moment was intense. Plus Mike hadn't gotten any sort of action in nearly a month. He didn't stand a chance. 

"Lisa, I'm close," he moaned. 

"Ooh, good boy," she said. "How nice of you not to make me wait." 

Mike's hips bucked and with lightning speed, Lisa's head was down in his lap, her pouty lips wrapped around his cock as the spunk began to erupt. 

Mike groaned and Lisa hummed with pleasure at the taste of a man's seed hitting her tongue. The feel of warm jizz pouring down her throat was what she had been craving for so long. As Mike's balls continued to unload obscene amounts, Lisa didn't miss a drop. 

"That... was delicious," she said when she came up, wiping her lips. "Thank you for that lovely treat." 

"I don't think you're the one who should be doing the thanking," said Mike. 

"Oh, but I should," she said. 

Her hand was still on his cock. The two of them were staring forward again, but with very different expressions on their faces. Mike wore a bashful grin, while Lisa had a triumphant smile. 

Soon, she felt stirrings beneath her fingers. 

"Hmm," she said. "You know, we do have another twenty minutes to drive before we get home." 

*** 

When Mike pulled into his driveway and stepped out of his SUV, it was on shaky legs. 

When he'd dropped Lisa off they had assured each other that this was a one-time thing. Both of them knew that probably wasn't true. 

When Mike walked in, he saw Marcia dusting the dining room table. She had always been an obsessive cleaner. 

"I'm home," he said. 

"Oh, hi," said Marcia with the note of indifferent disdain that had crept into her voice over the past year. 

Mike felt the anger building in him. It surprised him. He would have thought he would have been ashamed and apologetic. Instead, all he felt was rage. He'd been living in denial, not wanting to admit that something was wrong. Something about what had happened on the drive home had woken him up. 

Fuck her, he thought to himself. 

Mike went to the kitchen to pop open a beer. Just then, Marcia's phone started buzzing on the kitchen counter with a text coming in. 

JOHN: "Enjoyed today..." 

Mike grabbed the phone and hit the button quickly to keep the notification tone from going off. 

Password, he thought to himself. What would it be? 

Her birthday. No go. His birthday. Nope. Anniversary? Bingo. 

JOHN: "Enjoyed today, any chance you can sneak out tonight so I can taste that delicious pussy again." 

Mike looked back over the texts between his wife and their married neighbor over the past few months. Yep, no question about it now; Trysts, blowjobs, late night car sessions, it was all there. Even worse, Marcia the prude (for Mike) turned out to be Marcia the wild thing for somebody else. All of the times she'd refused to watch porn with him, refused to talk dirty... here was a trail of evidence to the contrary. 

Marcia was still dusting when he came back into the dining room. 

"Where are the kids?" he asked. 

"Zack is at basketball, Laurie's at indoor soccer," she said, not looking up. 

"Good," said Mike. "Take off your panties and put your hands on the table." 

"Oh please," said Marcia. "Keep dreaming." 

She did look up, however, surprised at the tone in his voice. 

Her phone hit the table with a smack as he slammed it down, making her jump. 

"Fuck, Mike, that's going to leave a mark." 

"I don't give a damn," said Mike. "Now, do as I said. Take off your panties and put your hands on the table." 

Her eyes widened as she recognized the texts displayed on the phone. 

"Mike, I..." 

His hand clamped down on her hair and he yanked back roughly. His mouth growled into her ear. 

"All those nights you weren't in the mood. All those nights you had a headache, when the truth is your cunt was just sore from the workout you'd been getting. I wonder who else I'll find out you've been fucking when I go through these texts." 

Her hand stretched out for the phone, but another yank on her hair brought her up short. 

"Do you forget that I'm in IT," said Mike. "I've already installed an app that's backed up every text you've sent from this phone, every picture you've taken. Deleting it won't do you any good." 

"Mike, I..." 

"I don't recall giving you permission to speak," said Mike. "I recall ordering you to take off your underwear and put your hands on the table." 

Marcia's eyes widened in fear and her hands shook as she did as she was told. 

"That's a good little slut," said Mike. 

Her hands were now flat on the lemon-scented, glossy surface of the walnut table. 

Her skirt was lifted. 

She shivered at the feel of his cock pressing against her. 

She cried out as he delivered the first angry thrust. 

*** 

(to be continued) 

Please do vote, comment, and favorite if you are in the mood.