 The sense of anticipation flooded my senses. I wanted it. I had to admit it. I wanted it badly, deep down inside. But it felt like I had entered some kind of high-stakes game, where failure carried heavy consequences. What if it went badly? It wouldn't just be embarrassing; it would probably also mean the end of our friendship. Well, it's all agreed it's going to happen, so whatever will be, from now on will be. But I knew I was highly enthusiastic about the coming night, really looking forward to it. I knew it because I caught myself watching the clock as I waited for the train to arrive to take me home. I still didn't have my car, so I would have to catch a cab from home to their place. 

Eventually I made it home. I poured a glass of wine and had a shower. I selected one of my short black dresses, with black pumps. What does one wear when one is going to have a threesome, I laughed to myself. I guess in the end it doesn't matter, because these clothes will be coming off sooner or later. But I wanted to look sexy. 

And I did look good. Looking at my reflection in the mirror, I thought, yes, you look hot. I smiled to myself. 

But I was nervous as I was waited for the taxi. I felt like a cigarette. I wasn't much of a smoker, but right now I needed one to calm my nerves. I went out onto the balcony and lit up. As it drew in the smoke, I heard a noise off the side. Mr Darcy. 

"Good evening, my dear!" he beamed when he saw me. I didn't really want to have to face him right that minute. "My, you're looking lovely tonight!" he observed as he looked me up and down. "A night out on the town?" 

"No Mr Darcy, just dinner with friends," I smiled. Dinner with friends indeed. I could have said: 'yes, Mr Darcy, I'm planning on a big night having sex with my two friends: a threesome, you know?' Of course, I wasn't going to say that, but then again how preposterous would it really have been to say such a thing? After all, I was talking to a man whose cock had been inside me only last night... This truly is a strange world. 

I thought on all this as I got into the cab that would take me to Wendy and Roger's place. I thought on this as I sat in the back watching the taxi driver control the car from the driver's seat, noticing that he wasn't that bad looking, for a taxi driver. Thinking of what may be to come, I kept getting this sense that somehow I had corrupted Wendy and Roger. I knew it was irrational, that whatever they'd worked out amongst themselves in their relationship was nothing to do with me, and likewise if their sex lives had somehow become supercharged as a result. Even so, the whole thing felt weird. Yes, I was looking forward to the night, although I had my apprehensions, but thinking about all that had happened to me over the past few months, and the fact that here I was sitting in a taxi being driven to my friends' place, so that we could, well, fuck each other, it just felt all so absurd, surreal. Like it was someone else's life. I seemed to have entered some kind of fantasy sexual realm. It was as though of late I had been acting out sexual fantasies that I would never have once contemplated. 

But what sexual fantasies? I couldn't ever remember fantasizing about sex with an eighty year old man. Or a fat, disgusting tattoo artist. Or taking my clothes off on stage in front of hundreds of men. Or jerking off some guy I hardly knew in the back of a car. Or sex with another woman. Or a threesome with two guys I hardly knew. Or even with a couple, Wendy and Roger, with whom I was good friends. I had never thought of any of these things as fantasies, but here I was acting them out -- and more besides.  

What were my fantasies? I couldn't think of any. I never much used to have sexual fantasies. Now things had changed. Not the fantasies, but everything else. Real life had changed. Something had changed in me over the past few months. My sexuality seemed to have exploded. Thinking about it in the taxi, it occurred to me that whereas in the past, I never much fantasized, daydreamed of sex at all, now I thought of it constantly. Sex is always on my mind. And most of the time, I'm feeling horny. Not really even frustrated; well, not most of the time. Just horny. I felt horny right now. I looked down at myself as I sat there demurely, legs crossed, but with most of my legs showing under the tiny, figure-hugging dress. Yeah, I looked hot. Sexy. Just looking at myself dressed like this; really, like a slut, it felt horny. It felt good. If things had changed, they had maybe changed for the better. I felt, well, I felt physical. Conscious of the blood cursing through my body. I felt in touch with myself. I felt alive.

Soon we arrived. I tipped the driver and got out of the car. I rang the bell and held my breath as Wendy opened the door. 

"Hi hon', glad you could come," she beamed, giving me a little peck on the cheek, as she so often did. She seemed casual, relaxed, as if this was just a 'normal' get together among friends. She was wearing a short black dress and stylish pumps, not unlike mine. She looked great. 

"Hi Anne," said Roger from the kitchen. "Like a drink?" he asked, brandishing a bottle of white. 

"Yeah, thanks," I said. 

"Here you go," he said. 

I took the glass and made myself comfortable on the sofa. Wendy joined me and Rog sat on the other sofa opposite. The lights were off but they had lit some candles. The light from the candles gave the room a golden, almost romantic countenance. 

We sat there in near silence for a few minutes, sipping our wine. It wasn't quite an uncomfortable silence, but it was verging on being so. After all, we weren't here for small talk. We were here for something else altogether. I decided I better start some conversation, if only to calm my own nerves. I was beginning to think already that this wasn't a good idea. 

"Nice wine," I said, and it was. I took another sip. 

"Yeah, it is, isn't it?" said Wendy with a nervous laugh. "It's Australian wine."

"Australian?" I said. "I didn't know they made wine there. I thought it was just a wild desert place with kangaroos and alligators. And that Australian TV show animal hunter -- Steve Irwin, is it?"

"Yeah, I've seen that guy," said Rog. "He's amazing!"

We all laughed. 

Wendy was glancing across at me from time to time. She was smiling. 

"You look great Anne," she smiled. 

"You too," I said. She grinned at me warmly. 

"You both look great," said Roger.

Then Wendy burst out laughing.

"Wah, what's wrong hun'?" Roger said, with a look of concern on his face, as if he had done something wrong. 

Wendy was splitting her sides in laughter. 

"Oh, I'm sorry!" she said, before breaking into another fit of chuckling. She was laughing so much she was almost crying. Wiping her eyes, she said: "Oh, it's just, well, well we all know what we're here for, and we know each other so well, and here we are exchanging ridiculous conversation with each other as though we've never met. It's so funny -- sad, but funny!" 

"Yeah, I guess you're right babe," Roger said. "It is a bit silly." I decided to keep quiet for a moment. 

"OK, look," said Wendy, clapping her hands down on her bare thighs. "I just want to say from the outset that it's cool with me if nothing happens, and it's cool if any one of us wants to stop at any point. I think we should understand and accept that. But I don't want to sit here all night beating around the bush!"

"Sounds fair to me," I said. I didn't know what else to say. Roger wasn't saying anything. He was just sitting there across from Wendy and I, looking us up and down. He looked nervous, but excited. You could almost feel the anticipation in his gaze, the lust. I could feel his sexual energy. It felt good. I could tell that Wendy could sense it too. 

"Hey Rog," she said quietly. "Do you think Anne and I look sexy?" 

Slowly, deliberately, he looked at each of us, examining our physical appearance.

"Oh yes, babe, yes," he said, almost in a low growl. "You two just look so, so sexy." 

She giggled. 

"Good! Well, what would you like to see us do, Rog?"

He didn't automatically respond. The look on his face was almost as though it was a trick question.

"Come on hun' what would you like us to do? Don't be shy. If you play your cards right," she added, her voice suddenly softer, sexier, but somehow playful, "you know you might get to have both of us tonight."

They both laughed, although I didn't. Right now I almost felt like a spectator. 

"Come on babe, tell us."

He paused for a moment. Watching him there opposite, he did look very sexy in the candle light, dressed all in black. The light of the candle was shining against his expensive looking black leather shoes. Yes, he looked hot. 

"Spread your legs," he said finally. "I want to see." 

Wendy glanced across at me, smiling, with a devilish look on her face. 

"OK," she said. 

I watched her as she slowly opened her legs. She looked down at her thighs as she did, and then lifted the hem of her dress up a little, just so as to make sure he could see.

"Like that?" she said, looking straight at him, legs spread wide, her hand playing with the hem of her dress, now basically up around her waist. Even from where I sat I could see her black g-string. I could hardly believe what I was seeing. I could hardly believe how sexy she looked. God, she seemed to drip sex; her sexuality was palpable, commanding of attention. Her bare legs were shining golden in the candle light. She looked across at me, waiting. Roger was now looking at me too. 

There was no question as to whether or not I was going to do it. I had already done it once before for Roger, after all. But it was as if I was following Wendy by example. I wanted to match her sexiness, not so much compete, just match her. Show myself, my essence, watch the look on Roger's face as he stared at my shameless slutty body, legs opened for him, and for his girl, like a common whore. Yes, that's what I wanted.

I fixed my gaze on him. Strangely, it was not the memory of the night in the back of the car that came flooding back, but rather the night at the strip club, when after my 'act' had concluded, I sat there in the back and opened my legs for that black security guy. I thought of that as I slowly opened my legs, spreading them wide apart, watching as Roger almost seemed to gasp for air. Wendy was watching me too, but I was only aware of her on the periphery. My sexuality was locked into her man. I stared at his crotch. Yes, he had a hard on. Good. I'm giving him a hard on. I opened my legs wider. I could feel myself beginning to breathe more heavily. I could feel myself moistening, the blood pumping through my body. Yes, look at me Roger. Look at me! I spread my legs as wide as I could, wider than Wendy's. I looked across at her, sitting on the sofa, opening our legs, each of us, and showing everything to her man like a couple of common whores. I reached my hand down and lifted the hem of my dress, making sure Rog could see. 

Oh yes, he could see. His mouth was slightly parted. He was entranced. Slowly, deliberately, he looked me up and down, drinking in my shamefully exposed loins, then turning his gaze to his fiancé, and then back to me again. There was a hint of a smile on his face. His cock was unmistakably hard in his trousers. The expression on his face was as though he was the cat that had eaten all the cream. 

"Mmm, I've never seen anything sexier," he croaked through a dry throat. 

"I'm glad," Wendy purred, as her hand slid down between her legs to cup her pussy. 

"So, babe," she said, as she gently began to rub herself, "what should we do now?" 

He paused again. But I could tell he was more relaxed now. The evening was off and running, so to speak. 

"Kiss, I want you to kiss each other." 

Wendy turned to me and smiled. I looked into her eyes. They seemed to almost sparkle in the golden light. She looked magnificent. 

"OK?" she said to me softly. 

"Yes," I breathed. My cheeked felt flushed. My body felt almost overheated. 

She moved in closer, slipping her warm hand in mine. We looked into each other's eyes as she leaned in towards me. She was smiling, beaming. So was I. I felt my pussy throb as the realization hit me, the look of lust in my friend's eye, the fact that Wendy and I were about to kiss one another not as friends, but as lovers -- we were about to become lovers. My mind flashed back, recalling all those times she and I would go out to night clubs looking for guys, sitting in bars and making a silly game of assessing any hot guy that came into the room, never in those times for a moment ever contemplating that we two would be sharing a sexual experience with each other. It would never have occurred to me at all back then, and I'm sure it would not have to her. 

I could sense my heart pounding as I leaned towards her. Ever closer, until our lips met. The touch of her soft wet lips on mine was like an electric surge through my body. It felt almost as though my soul cried out in joy as I kissed her, my lips parting, opening for her, my tongue sliding against hers. I kissed her. God, I kissed her. I pulled her to me, holding her tightly, my hand clasping the back of her head as I drew her to me. Our tongues danced inside our mouths. She moaned inside my mouth and I moaned back into hers. I felt like I was going to cum, or simply weep; I did not know which. I could not hold her more tightly! I almost didn't want the moment to end, to embrace my friend and share with her our sexuality. Our breasts mashed together as we held each other, squeezing, our mouths caressing, exploring... 

Then she broke off the kiss.

Wendy looked deep into my eyes as I stroked the side of her cheek. 

"Let's go into the bedroom,' she breathed into my mouth. Then she kissed me again.

Roger stood up as we got up off the sofa. I had almost forgotten about him. We went into the bedroom. 

"What now, Rog?" she asked, twirling the hem of her dress, playfully lifting it up above her hips. "What should we do now?" 

"Undress each other." 

With that, Wendy turned to me, and with a determined look on her face she reached her hands behind her back, unzipping her dress. I met her gaze and did the same with my dress. I reached to her and slid the already loosened garment over her shoulders. She was not wearing a bra. Her generous breasts sprang free. God, there she was, my Wendy, naked from the waist up: her tits were so beautiful! So round, so firm; ooh, so sexy! I could not help myself. I reached my hands to them, cradling them, feeling their firmness. Wendy just stood there, motionless, as I enjoyed her precious mounds. God, I wanted to lick them, engulf her stiffening nipples in my mouth, savor them. But something held me back; something about the moment wasn't quite right. 

I went back to undressing her. I pulled the dress down her body, over her hips, down to the floor. She stepped out of it, now wearing nothing but her black g-string and heels. Roger was off to the side, watching it all. I bent down, my own dress slipping off my shoulder as I did so. I got down on my knees, level with her hips. I was on fire. I was about to strip my friend naked. I slipped my fingers inside the elastic of her g-string and slid it over her hips, exposing her. She was shaved, just like me. She stepped out of her panties when they hit the floor. I stayed before her on my knees, marveling, drinking in her sex. I leaned forward, gently grabbing her hips. Close enough so that I could kiss her. I couldn't resist. I was drawn to her; not knowing for sure that she wanted to go that far, but unable to stop myself. I held her hips in my hands. I kissed her navel, sliding my tongue down her soft skin till I reached her. I kissed her. I let my tongue run down over her cit. She moaned. I moaned. Oh God...

Then Wendy reached down and encouraged me to my feet. Now it was time for her to undress me. I stood there passively as she examined my dress. 

"You look so hot," she panted. 

It thrilled me to hear it. 

"You too, Wen. God, you're so sexy!" 

Roger hadn't needed any help undressing. He was already naked, his hard cock pointing shamelessly to the sky, the tip leaking. He was just standing there, staring. 

I stood there as Wendy slid the dress off my shoulders and down my body, just as I had done with hers. She bent down. I watched as Roger now gently stroked his hard cock, as I felt Wendy's fingers slide inside my g-string and encourage it down over my hips, down my legs. I stepped out of it. Now we were both naked, apart from our slutty heels. 

Wendy stood up. 

"I can't," she said. "I'm not ready for that yet." 

For a moment I didn't understand what she meant, but then I realized. I had licked her when I removed her panties. That's what she wasn't ready to do. 

I smiled. "Hey, that's OK," I said. 

Now were both sitting on the bed, naked, but not really sure where this was going to go from here. Roger soon resolved that problem. He came in towards us, hard cock slapping against his abdomen as he walked, till he was standing right in front of Wendy and I. His cock was right there in front of our eyes. Like that it looked enormous, as if it towered over us.

"Mmmm, look at that," Wendy said as she reached across to wrap her hand around her man's cock. Gently she began to slide her fist up and down. Roger's cock was shining in the light, the precum that had been seeping out as he watched our 'show' providing all the lubrication his woman needed. 

I just sat there, watching in fascination as she pumped Roger's shaft. I had never thought of myself as any kind of voyeur, but now I found myself remembering the trip back from the beach when I had surreptitiously watched Wendy suck her man, and how spellbound I was, how wet it made me to see something like that, such intimacy between two people two people I knew so well. 

And now was I was going to see it again. Wendy had maneuvered herself in closer; she was going to suck him. I sat on the bed and watched her as she licked his balls, running her tongue up the shaft, up and down, licking it like a lollypop, purring sexily as she did. Rog was moaning gently. When she eventually reached the head, I watched her as she swirled her tongue around it, coating it with the juices of her saliva till it shone in the light. And then she plunged her mouth down over the shaft. Rog let out a low growl. Oh God, I could hear the faint squelching sound as Wendy's mouth bobbed up and down her man's cock. She plunged down on him, taking him all the way. She looked up into my eyes as her lips reached his trimmed pubic hair, as if searching for my reaction to what she was doing, what she was showing me. There was a fire in her eyes to match her red hair, an aggression in her face I had never noticed before. Ooh, it was a look of pure sex, pure lust. I leaned in closer, as if to feel the heat. I could feel myself getting wet as I rubbed my legs together almost involuntarily, as if trying to scratch an itch; my pussy was seeping uncontrollably. I wanted to plunge my hand between my legs, almost needed to, but somehow I couldn't let myself go that far. But it was enough just to watch. And Roger's cock, God, it seemed almost regal; powerful, with an enormous, undeniable presence, as if it dominated the room. 

Then with a light smacking sound, Wendy's let it slip out of her mouth. She was still holding the cock in her hand as she lifted her head to me. Her red hair was in her eyes; she had a wild look about her. She pointed Roger's cock towards me, as if gesturing it, offering it. 

"Do you want to?" she asked. 

"Are you sure?" I asked, and then suddenly realizing the silliness of what I had just said. One look in her eye was enough to know: oh yes, she was deadly serious about it. 
