  Authors note:  This story is based two new characters that have similar names as some of my other characters.  Enjoy!  




My wife and I met Jack and Diane at square dancing lessons.  I'm not exactly sure what started the friendship between my wife Nancy and Diane, but I was pretty sure that the initial attraction for me was watching Diane's rather large breasts bounce enticingly in the thin western style button down she wore that first night.  Let's face it, I may be getting a few years on my fifty plus year old body, but I do still enjoy looking.  In this case the ten or more year younger dishwater blond, tall and thin, with breasts nearly as large as my wife's was bound to attract my attention.  

One of the rules of the instructor was to frequently change partners.  So every break, and there were a number of them in the two and a half hour evening, you picked a different partner, generally with the guys choosing.  It was no surprise that I managed to dance with Diane at least once that night, but what was a bit of a surprise was to see my wife partnered with her husband twice that night.

After thirty plus years of marriage we were both pretty comfortable with our relationship.  She knew men looked, it was inherent in the breed, and that was ok, as long as I didn't touch, didn't make it overly obvious and I absolutely never, ever, ever made any verbal comparison of her to someone I had seen.   So as long as I stayed inside her rules I was free to enjoy what I could see.  I wasn't completely oblivious to the fact that she too liked to look, and other than the occasional passing comment about some hot actor in a movie, she followed her own rules as well.  I expected that the passing attraction at the square dance lessons would stay just that, a passing attraction.  And so it was, for the second, third and fourth weeks lessons.  Each week I managed to find a way to dance with Diane and each week my wife somehow ended up with Jack as a partner.  It wasn't like they were the only ones we danced with or anything.  Out of six to eight squares we generally had a different partner each time.  Some of my partners were much younger, some much older and some even flirtier.   One thirty something even surprised me by grabbing my ass when she thought no one else could see.  

What was a surprise was that on the way home from the fourth nights lesson my wife told me that Jack and Diane, like us, were big NASCAR fans and she invited them over for bar-b-que and to watch Daytona on that Sunday.  You could have knocked me over with a feather.  I had learned a bit about Diane during our "encounters" at the lessons, but somehow I hadn't gotten around to that one.    

That first Sunday ended up being the start of a long string of get togethers.  Not every Sunday of course, but frequently over the next months, we swapped which of us hosted the Sunday race and enjoyed our time together enough to extend it into the evening, usually playing some type of card or board game.  I was surprised at how quickly the friendship between the four of us grew.  While like most guys, Jack and I talked on the weekends, our wives managed to find time to chat on the phone frequently during the week.  While Jack and Diane were a bit younger than we were, the four of us got along very well.

One of our more regular evening games was playing spades, a partner's type card game. Some nights we would play couple against couple, and other times guys against gals.  Usually when we played the latter the gals won.  I suppose that was because I had a tendency to bet more trump than I could actually carry, and we would get "set", or not win as many tricks as we had bet we could.  That always came with a rather nasty points penalty, which tended to make me play my next hand a bit too conservative.  The end result was that the gals usually won.  If we played couples we were much better matched because my wife could read my tendencies a bit better and compensate for my aggressive betting.  It was all only for points after all, there was no money or anything else exchanged....well usually.    

One night, playing gals against guys Diane suggested that the losers of the night had to wash the dishes, adding a little "real loss" to the game.  Even I had to admit that it made the game a bit more challenging, and close.  Despite my best efforts Jack and I lost and ended up washing the dishes while the ladies sat on the sofa and chatted, tossing occasional jibes our way while they watched us work.  

With dance lessons over, our Sunday gatherings continued, and we expanded our occasional get together into other areas.  I invited Jack to go fishing with me a few times and my wife invited both of them to go to the lake for a Saturday afternoon of boating and swimming.  If I thought Diane looked good in shorts and a T-shirt, she was absolutely stunning in the barely there bikini she wore that day.  Enough so that it was a struggle not to have a hardon showing through my swim trunks all day.  That night my wife and I had some of  the most energetic sex we'd had in a long time.  

"So what brought this on?" she asked breathlessly after the two of us climaxed for a second time.  "As if I didn't know."

"What's that?"  I asked her as I rolled off of her and lay back on the bed panting, drawing her toward me so she could snuggle against my side, her leg sliding over mine and her head moving to lay on my still heaving chest.

"I saw you staring at Diane today.  You weren't exactly being subtle about it."

"Sorry.  Wasn't trying to be obvious.  I guess she just filled out that suit a bit more than I was used to seeing."

"Yeah, Jack seemed to think the same thing about me.  If I didn't know better I'd say he wanted to get me into a suit like that."

"You would have looked good in one."  I answered.  

"I'm too old and fat for a bikini."  She answered me.

"Not even."

"Well, don't get your hopes up.  Too many eyes could see way too much if I wore something like that."

"Well, these eyes wouldn't complain.  I still like the way you look."

"Uh huh."  She said with a soft sigh.  "That's what you always say.  I still don't believe you."

That seemed to be the end of the conversation, both of us drifting off to sleep shortly after.

Sunday came and it was our turn to host for the race.  Jack and Diane showed up just after noon and a few minutes before the green flag.  We relaxed and enjoyed the race and then enjoyed some bar-b-que ribs for dinner.   

"So you boys up for dishes again tonight?  I don't feel like doing them after eating all that food!"  Diane said as we sat down around the now cleared kitchen table to play spades.  

"Ya know.  Last time we got stuck with the dishes, but if we would have won you really didn't lose anything because you would have had to do the dishes anyway.   Somehow I don't think that's quite fair."  Jack said as he settled into his chair with a fresh beer.  

"Well, you didn't complain before.  Why complain now?"  Diane chided back.  "It's not like you're going to win with Nancy and me as partners."

"You never know, we might win.  We came close two weeks ago."  Jack chided back.

"Close don't count except in horseshoes and hand grenades!"  Diane shot back with a grin.  

"Well, I still think we need a bet that costs you something more than what you'd be doing anyway."  Jack said to his wife as I sat down with a glass of soda, chuckling at the two.

"Fine.  Tell me lover...Just what do you think a fair wager would be?  A special dinner?  Maybe a massage?"

"Oh, I think it should be something Mike can enjoy too.  I mean after all if we lose we both get stuck with the dishes."  Jack said.

"Fine.  Tell me what should it be Mike?"

"Hey, don't get me in this,"  I said, holding my hands up defensively.  "This is between you and Jack."

"Smart move honey,"  Diane said before she turned back to her husband.  "Well, lover?  What's it going to be?"

"Naked." Jack said with a grin.

"Naked what?"  Diane asked, her face clearly indicating her confusion.

"Do the dishes naked!"

"No way lover.  That' ain't happening"  Diane said somewhat crossly.

"Why not?  That bikini you were wearing on the boat was damn near the same thing as being naked.  Your whole ass was exposed for Mike to ogle at."

"Lover, bare buns and bare boobs are two totally different things.  I don't mind showing my cheeks, but I thought the rest was reserved for you."

"You're the one that got the skimpiest bikini you could find for yesterday.  I just figured you wanted to show off to him.  How about you Mike?  You wanna see my wife wash the dishes butt naked?"

"Oh....don't get me involved in this!"  I answered shaking my head, glancing at my wife and seeing her shaking her head the same way.  

"You really want me showing everything off to some strange man?"

"He's not a strange man.  Besides, what are friends for?"  Jack said with a laugh.  "But if you're scared....  I'm sure I can think of something tamer."

"Tamer?  You think I need something tamer?  That I'm afraid to take your little bet?"  She snapped.  "You're on.  But if you lose you two have to do the dishes in the buff.  Now the ball's in your court sweetie.  Got the brass one's to take an even bet?"

"Michael... Don't you dare!"  My wife hissed quietly, kicking my leg under the table.

"Yeah, you better count me out of this one,"  I said to Jack, shaking my head slowly.  A much as I thought it would be pretty exciting to see Diane completely nude, it was pretty clear that my wife didn't want me getting tangled up in this little feud.  

"What no balls?  You know we could very well win,"  Jack said, looking evenly back at me.

"We could.  But we could also lose.  I'm not sure that you really win either way."  

"You don't want to see my wife doing the dishes naked?"

"I didn't say that!"

"Then it's just that you're afraid to be equally disrobed?"

I chuckled.  "In a public place maybe, but not in my own house.  No in this case I'm just not sure it's appropriate."

"You know Michael," Diane said, putting stress on my full name, which usually only my wife used when she was upset at me.  "I would have thought you would have jumped at the chance, as slim as it is, to see me naked."

"Oh trust me, I would, but I'm not at all sure my wife would either appreciate me being exposed to you, or worse yet, her being exposed to your husband."

"Really?  Nancy is that true?  You wouldn't appreciate watching the boys doing the dishes in the buff?"

"Oh.  It might be ok to see Jack, but I haven't shared my husband's best traits with anyone else.  I don't know that I want to start now."  My wife said somewhat nervously.   "Not to mention, we could lose."

"Ha.  Us lose?  When was the last time we lost against them?"

"Oh, it's been a while, but we have, and last time we played against them if they hadn't set that last hand they would have beat us.  I'm not sure I want to risk that."

"Come on Nancy, you're the one that said you wished you could see my husband without his shorts on a few weeks ago," Diane prodded.

"You said that!?"  I asked my wife in surprise, watching her cheeks turn crimson with embarrassment.

"Well, maybe I did say that," she practically whispered.

"Well then it's settled... Losing team washes the dishes in the buff!"  Jack said triumphantly.  

"NO!" my wife practically squealed.  "I could never be naked in front of a strange man!"

"Tell you what.  I'll go buff, you wear something skimpy.  How's that?  IF we lose, and that's a huge if, Jack gets to pick something from your dresser for you to wear.  How's that sound?"  Diane said to my still blushing wife.

"I hope I don't regret this."  Nancy answered quietly as Diane turned her attention to me.  "But it has to cover both my top and bottom!  No half outfits or anything!"

"How about that?  Sound fair?  That way she isn't naked in the unlikely event that we lose,"  Diane said, looking directly at me for my approval.  "But I really am looking forward to seeing you butt naked, especially after the huge bulge you had in your swim suit at the lake!"

I thought about it for a minute, looking to my wife for some sign of approval.  I wasn't sure we could win, but if we did I was pretty comfortable now that the most she would be showing was a little skin.  Her dresser didn't have anything more revealing than maybe some skimpy panties and a lacy bra.  All the really sexy stuff I'd bought her over the years was tucked away in the overflow dresser in the closet.  So the real question came down to, was it worth the risk losing and having to be naked  in front of Diane against the chance to see her naked?  My cock, already hardening at just the thought of seeing those big firm tits naked pretty much made up my mind for me.  "Ok.  I'm in."

The game, which usually went about an hour and a half was still being hard fought well past two hours, but with both of us nearly tied the next hand or two could end the game in either teams favor.  

Jack and I pushed it just a little too hard trying to break over that thousand  point winning threshold, going set and dropping down another forty points.  I groaned loudly as the ladies added up the score and found themselves within five points of winning.  It looked like we were definitely going to lose, barring a miracle.

Diane dealt the next hand with a distinctly triumphant look.  I looked at my hand and knew that we had little chance of making up the score we needed.  I had maybe four tricks I could count on out of the thirteen. My wife bid three, a very conservative bid.  I was actually shocked when Jack pulled our bid up to 7 tricks, which would theoretically get us enough points to get over the thousand points. When the bid came back around to Diane she jacked their bid up to eight, an extremely confident look on her crooked smile.  

Around the table we went, laying our cards the ladies taking some and Jack and myself taking some.  One of us was not going to make their bid.  When Jack picked up our sixth trick we both knew that the girls were going to go set.  The only question was were we?  All we had to do was take one more trick of the last three.  The ladies took the next and the one after that.  We all tossed our cards out for the last trick, which my ten of hearts took, much to my surprise.

I could almost hear Diane groan as she scribbled the numbers on the score pad, subtracting the 80 from their 995 score and adding 70 to our 932.

"I can't believe that they won!"  Diane said, her face a harsh frown as she slowly shook her head.  "All we had to do was win that last hand and we had 'em.  How did we lose that?"

"You over bid my dear!  Looks like you're the one that's going to be washing the dishes in the buff, not us!"  Jack chided her.  "One of these days you're going to learn not to gamble with what you're not willing to lose!"

"Damn."  My wife swore under her breath, a very surprising comment coming from her.  She just didn't swear.   I began to wonder if winning was actually my smartest decision.  

"Well...  I guess we better go get ready Nancy.  Seems we're going to be the main entertainment."  Diane said quietly.

"No. You're going to be the main attraction.  I'm most definitely NOT going naked!"  my wife practically snapped.

"Don't worry.  My husband can only pick from whatever you have in your dresser.  Jack.  Please pick something reasonable?"  She said, turning to her husband as she finished.  

"Not to worry.  I promise to not fondle your panties too much!"  Jack said with a grin as he got up from the table.  We all got up and followed him down the hall to the master bedroom where he already had the light on and was opening the top drawer of my wife's dresser.  He dug through the panties for a minute, selecting a pair of fairly skimpy red ones before closing the drawer and moving to the second one containing her bras.  He dug around in the drawer for a minute and then with a very wide grin pulled out a wad of material that seemed to be a bunch of white feathery material.  "Now this is perfect!"  Jack said with a grin, dropping the red panties on the dresser and shaking out the wad of cloth.  What he had found tucked in the back of the drawer was a completely sheer white panty and bra set with white feathery fluff around the waist of the panties and bordering the cups of the bra.  

"Oh lord no!"  My wife breathed quietly while shaking her head.  "I'm not wearing that....No way!"

"You did say anything in the dresser!"  Jack answered with a grin.

"No way.  That was not part of the deal!"  I objected.  "Panties and bra.  That's it!"

"Well, these are panties and a bra."  Jack said holding them up.  "They're  just a little more revealing than we expected."

"Jack, you can't do this.  I know you want to see her naked...but if she doesn't want to we're not going to make her!"  Diane said to her husband as she walked over and took the sheer outfit from him.  "Now you two get out.  Go sit in the living room and we'll be out in a bit."  She finished, pushing us both toward the bedroom door.

"Too bad she won't wear that outfit."  Jack said as we walked down the hall, the bedroom door closing behind us.

"I never would have agreed if I'd have known that was in there.  I figured a panty and bra.  I've been trying to get her into a bikini for a long time.  She did once, just for me, but she wouldn't take off the t-shirt she put on over it."

"Too bad.  I think she's pretty damn good looking, and her boobs, I mean, damn."  Jack said as he pulled one of the recliners around to face the kitchen and then dropped into it.  

"Her tits aren't any bigger than your wife's," I said as I pulled the other recliner around.

"Maybe not bigger, but from what I've seen so far they're big and round and soft, just the way I love 'em."

"Well, don't get too eager to see them let alone touch 'em.  That just isn't my wife.  I'm surprised that Diane is doing this."

"I'm not, but last night she fucked my brains out.  She was so horny from you seeing her in that suit.   I think she's been wanting to find a way to flash you more.  I can't explain it."

"I can't either."  I said as the bedroom door down the hall opened.

"Ready or not, here we come!"  Diane called.  

Sure enough, here she came, without a single stitch of clothing on, walking with one foot almost crossing the other with each step, her hips swaying side to side and her big round breasts bouncing ever so slightly with each step.  Each breast would easily fill both hands and each one had a large round bright pink areola that covered nearly a third of the front of each breast.  Her nipples, each centered perfectly in the middle of each areola were easily as big around as my finger and stuck out as far as they were round.  She walked right down the middle of the kitchen and stopped even with the sink.  She stepped her feet apart, putting both hands on her hips to frame her completely shaved pussy.  Her lips were full and round with just a hint of pink flowery lips protruding between her full outer lips.  She stood that way for several seconds and then turned and stepped to the sink, giving me a fantastic profile view of her full breasts jutting out and her full round ass protruding behind.

Only then did I realize that my wife was following behind her, wearing of all things, the white panties and bra.  The outfit left VERY little to the imagination and I heard Jack whistle quietly at the view of her round hips and big bouncy breasts.  I could see her red cheeks, the crimson spreading down her neck to her chest.  I was even more surprised to see her big round nipples standing hard and erect, poking the sheer bra material out into two huge bumps.  She stepped to the counter next to Diane and began drying the dishes Diane was washing.  Unlike Diane, who stood at the sink washing, Nancy had to scoot back and forth across the kitchen putting things away as she dried.  Her big tits, bounced and jiggled as she moved, the neck string of the sheer bra pulling and tugging under the weight of her breasts until the tie behind her neck let loose and her big tits flopped out completely bare.  
