 My first attempt at erotic fiction, so feedback welcome. They say you should write about what you know -- this is inspired by a true story...

***

"Here we are -- home, sweet home," announced Amber as the car pulled up out the front of a battered old caravan down the far end of the park.

"Looks great," I said, getting out of the back seat. "Homely. Looks like it hardly would leak at all in a storm."

"Well you can quite happily sleep in the car if it's not up to your standards," Amber shot back with a smile. "It's been in my family for years, and never once had any problems."

"Fair enough!" I headed towards the entrance, following Cath up into the van. We were on Stradbroke Island, an hour's ferry ride from Brisbane at the beginning of a weekend that I'd never forget. It'd already been a fun start. Cath and Amber had knocked off work early and got to the island about lunchtime. I'd made my own way from Brisbane, and on the boat ride over had bumped into an old work colleague and her two girlfriends. When Cath and Amber met me at the dock there was plenty of good-natured ribbing about my ability to chat up three hot blonde girls in the space of a short ferry ride.

The three of us were colleagues in a government department. Amber was a super-confident, bubbly 18 year old trainee, Cath was a junior officer who had only been with us a few months and I - at least until our real boss got back from a secondment -- was her manager. We all got on pretty well, and when Amber suggested a weekend in her parents' van Cath and I didn't need much convincing.

Stepping into the caravan, it was bigger on the inside than it looked from the outside. It was one of those vans that's not meant to be moved -- a trailer home style of thing. There was a kitchen/dining space as soon as you came in, and off to the left was a doorway opening into the bedroom with a double bed at one end and a single bed at the other. The bathroom was the toilet block back towards the caravan park entrance.

The girls had been busy since they'd arrived, and dinner was just about ready so I cracked open a bottle of wine, poured us each a glass and kicked back, easily slipping into holiday mode.

"So, those girls on the boat were cute," Cath said, settling into a chair as Amber served up. "Any plans to catch up with them this weekend?"

"Nah," I replied. "Not really my type. I mean, yeah they were cute, but I've never been a big fan of blondes. Dark-haired women are more alluring, I reckon."

"Alluring? That's an interesting word. Are you sure you don't mean 'fuckable'?"

I blushed slightly -- I blush quite easily. Both Cath and Amber had dark hair. Cath's was almost black, while Amber's was a deep brown. "Well, it's not just about sex, you know. I mean, sexiness is more than just whether someone's attractive. It's about the air of mystery, and I reckon brunettes have it over blondes in the mystery stakes."

"Good answer," said Amber bringing plates to the table. "Now let's eat."

A few drinks later, and the talk had turned back to matters sexual. "I think I'm going to dump Jeremy when we get back from this trip," said Amber. "He's a nice enough guy, but a bit of a dud root. That's the trouble with 19 year old boys. They act too much like 19 year old boys. All talk and no action. Or at least, no action that lasts for longer than about two minutes."

"There's nothing wrong with being single, Amber," Cath said supportively. "And being single certainly doesn't mean an end to the action. Rick and I have been fuck buddies for a while now, and it's working just fine. Well, blowjob buddies more than fuck buddies. I don't let him fuck me, but I love giving head and he loves receiving so that works out OK."

"But how do you get off if you don't fuck?" Amber asked. "Does he finger you or something?"

"No, I usually have a wank when I get home. I close my eyes and remember what his cock smelled like as I slipped it out of his boxers and held it close to my face. Then I get my dildo and pretend it's his cock and suck on it. When I've made it wet I fuck myself with it and picture the best bit -- the way he grabs my hair in his hands and pulls it when he's really turned on, just before he cums."

"Swallow or spit?" Amber asked.

"Actually, I like it when a guy cums on my face, so I'm more of a 'wipe' girl usually."

I have to say, I didn't quite know how to react. Although I've had a fairly adventurous sex life, I've never been one to talk about it much. Not even with my good mates, let alone a couple of work colleagues. So I'm always slightly shocked -- even if quite turned on -- when someone does talk quite freely about what they get up to. I shifted slightly to move my hard on a bit further under the table and out of sight, poured another glass of wine and muttered something that probably sounded quite stupid.

Later on, when Cath was talking about how her and a girlfriend were busted fucking each other on a friend's couch, I nearly came in my pants.

I woke up on Saturday morning in the single bed with a kicking hangover and no recollection of the end of the evening. Over a fried breakfast, I was told that I'd passed out about a bottle of wine later and the girls had put me to bed. Fully clothed, unfortunately, so clearly there'd been no funny business. But I wasn't surprised, or particularly disappointed. Cath and Amber were both cute, and I wouldn't have said no to either of them, but I had genuinely come away on the weekend without intentions of trying to get them in the sack. I was pretty sure that a manager screwing a subordinate was fairly high on the things-it's-a-bad-idea-to-do-list, and at 32 there was enough of an age difference with Amber and 23 year old Cath that I felt just slightly like a dirty old man for thinking about it.

After breakfast, we agreed that the best cure for a hangover is a swim. Off to the beach we went! It was perfect weather, with a few white clouds breaking up the brilliant blue of the late spring morning and a the surf rolling rhythmically off the Pacific Ocean. And a great chance for me to check out the girls in their swimmers. Cath's breasts nicely filled out her black bikini top -- a C-cup I reckoned. Her bottoms rode up into her bum crack just enough to give rise to tantalising thoughts of what they were covering. Amber had opted for a pastel yellow number that went well with her pale skin, although it seemed she'd bought it a size too small from the way she was almost spilling out of her top. One big wave in the surf and I figured I'd be copping a pretty nice view!

The morning passed pleasantly enough. There was plenty of eye candy on the beach apart from my holiday companions -- everywhere I looked there seemed to be long legs, tanned skin and enough curves to satisfy the most jaded voyeur. We three splashed about, and I had ample opportunity to admire the way the water cascaded from Cath's long hair, and the way her breasts bounced every time a wave washed over them. And, yes, Amber got dumped in the surf and nearly lost her bikini top, just managing to grab it before the water washed it away. The sight of the her luscious breasts with water running down them and her nipples erect from the cold of the water was the highlight of my trip so far.

We spent the afternoon kicking back in a pub overlooking the ocean, chatting away, getting drunk in a very mellow, chilled out way, and me idly thinking about licking salty water from large breasts. As the sun started to sneak towards the horizon, we decided to pull up stumps and head back to the caravan park for a BBQ.

Sausages, steaks, salad and beer. The perfect way to round off a perfect day. But the day, as I was about to find out, was not over yet...

After dinner, I headed off to the shower block. I started to get a hard on wondering which of Cath's or Amber's tits would be the best ones to fuck. Amber's, I decided, giving my cock a squeeze. I thought about having a quick wank, but there were other blokes using the showers and I thought better of it.

When I got back to the van, the girls had a surprise. "Because you've been good company so far this trip," Amber said, "we'll show you what we've been up to while you were in the shower." She turned her phone to face me, and pressed a button to bring up a photo of a pair of tits. "Whose do you think they are?" she asked with a smile.

"Umm, well, not sure," I stammered. "Yours maybe?"

"Correct! Well done! Then this arse," she continued, showing me another picture, "must be...?"

"Cath's?"

"Got it in one!"

Cath grinned from her position on the bed. "Just fooling around with the phone while you were gone. Bet you weren't expecting to see those, were you!"

"Not exactly, no," I replied. She was right. This totally wasn't what I was expecting. I was starting to get the feeling that this night was going to get interesting. I made a mental note to not drink so much I passed out again.

"Anyways, we're off for a shower. There's something that we need to talk about in private. We'll be back soon -- don't go away!"

What did it all mean, I asked myself. They're obviously comfortable getting at least semi-naked in front of each other, and happy to show pictures of their tits and arse to someone who's basically a work colleague. Hmmm. And I think I may have been right about fucking Amber's tits.

I had a semi hard on by the time the girls returned, hair still wet from the shower and giggling as they came through the door.

"So, did you have your little chat?" I asked.

"Yep, we did." Cath dropped her toiletries bag on the table and gave her hair a final rub with her towel. "Now, it's been a long day and you look tired. Lie down on the bed and take off your shirt. I'm going to give you a massage."

Fair enough, I thought to myself. I stripped to the waste and lay face down. Cath got on to the bed and straddled my legs. The ends of her long hair tickled my skin as she bent her head forward and started rubbing in long slow strokes from my shoulders to my waist. "How's that feel?" she asked.

"Great. You're good at this."

"Oh yes, I have all sorts of talents. Massage is definitely one I rate myself quite highly on, though."

"Along with giving blowjobs, of course!" Amber piped up from where she was sitting cross-legged on the other side of the bed, dressed in a baggy t-shirt and cotton shorts.

"Shush, you," Cath laughed back. "But yes, that is also something I'm told that I excel at. What about you, Matt. Any special skills?" Her hands pressed firmly against my lower back and just slipped under the waistband of my jeans. "Are you good with your hands, perhaps? Or maybe you have a quick tongue?" She was sliding her hands under my pelvis, along the inside of my thighs.

"Let's just say I've never had any complaints," I replied, slightly muffled from having my face pressed into the bed.

"I'll bet you haven't," Amber purred. "There's something about you that tells me you'd be pretty good in the sack."

"Hey!" Cath suddenly exclaimed. "You've got a hard on!" She was right. Well, how could I not. Cath had slid her hands right down into my crotch and there was no denying her fingers had found my swelling cock. "We're going to have to do something about that. It must be very uncomfortable pushing into the bed like that. Roll over, and let's have a look at it."

I did as I was told. Cath squeezed my erection through my jeans. "Nice. I like it when a man pays me a compliment like that for my massages. May I?" She raised an eyebrow and gestured towards my fly.

"Sure," I said. I couldn't quite believe what was happening. It looked like I was going to get a blowjob at the very least. Maybe even a fuck. I wondered what Amber was making of the situation. I turned my head towards where she was sitting on the bed, and got a wink and a cheeky smile. "Just lie back and enjoy, tiger!"

Cath unzipped my fly and undid the button at the waist. I hadn't bothered to put pants on after my shower, so my erect cock sprung out of my jeans. At 6 ½ inches long it probably wasn't the biggest dick Cath had ever sucked, but I'd never had any complaints about what I did with it and had long since given up worrying about whether it should be longer. Cath didn't seem to have any qualms about it either as she took hold of it in her hand and started slowly squeezing. "Mmmm," she purred. "Like that? This is the style of massage I'm best at." She was stroking the length of my cock, taking her hand all the way to the end and rubbing the palm over its head with each stroke.

Cath leaned forward so that her face was hovering inches from my hard on and opened her lips. I could see that her mouth was full of spit, which gently overflowed down her chin and bathed the top of my cock. It felt like a sensuous oil oozing over me, and then a second later she'd thrust her hot wet mouth down onto me, swallowing my whole length. I gasped in sheer pleasure, and then moaned as she began to work my cock with her lips and tongue, sucking me forcefully and firmly. Her right hand returned to the base of my dick, and as she drew her mouth up her hand followed it, so she was wanking me into her mouth. At the top of each stroke her tongue caressed my head. Spit ran down the shaft and coated my pubes.

Remembering what she'd said last night, I wrapped Cath's hair around my hands and squeezed, pulling her head down and locking her mouth in place. Then I thrust my hips gently up and down, fucking her mouth. A muffled moan escaped her lips and her eyes locked with mine, lust burning in the deep brown pools. I fucked her mouth with long slow strokes, savouring the feeling of the head rubbing against her soft tongue.

I was concentrating so hard on Cath that I was taken by surprise when I felt a pair of hands sliding from my shoulders down the length of my chest. Amber was kneeling at my head, and whispered in my ear, "Does that feel good? Do you like fucking her mouth? You look hot, sliding your cock in and out like that. Will you fuck my mouth like that?"

I nearly shot my load. Alright, so now I was getting a blowjob from two girls. Un-fucking-believable. I was hardly going to say no. I pulled my cock out of Cath's mouth and let go of her hair. I pulled her up towards me and gave her a deep kiss. I got the scent of my cum on her breath. I turned towards Amber and said, "Yes. I want to fuck your mouth."

Amber stripped her t-shirt off and tossed it to the floor. Now I got to fully appreciate her tits. Full and firm, and with a nice deep cleavage, large areola and nipples that were very erect and begging to be sucked. "You want these, don't you?" she said in a half whisper. "You want to lick them, taste them. Fuck them. Don't you? Well not yet. Maybe later. Now, I want to taste your cock." Cath moved to one side and Amber took her place, her tits brushing my legs and causing my dick to throb.

She looked me in the eyes. "Do it. Fuck my mouth." I did, more forcefully than I had Cath's. "Mm, mm, mm," went Amber each time I thrust into her. "Mm, mm, mm." Her tits swayed slightly each time I slid home.

Cath was kneeling next to Amber, staring at us. "Wow. Did we look that hot?" she asked.

"Yeah. Yeah we did."

"God this is turning me on. Watching you two."

I could only nod and half grunt in agreement.

"Well, I guess I can't be the only one fully clothed," Cath said. Her pink singlet top said 'Just Do It' in faded letters across the front, I noticed, as she lifted it over her head. I reckon I'll end up doing her, I thought to myself. And maybe not just her...? She crawled up to my head, ran a hand down my chest and leant in so her tits were next to my face. I wasn't going to pass up this opportunity, and turned slightly so I could take a nipple into my mouth. I worked the firm flesh around it with my tongue, using my lips to tease the nipple itself. I was rewarded with a soft, breathy gasp from Cath and she turned into me to press her breast more firmly into my face.

I slid a hand up her thigh and across the front of her cotton gym shorts. I could feel a damp patch, where her pussy juices had soaked through the fabric. Sliding my hand up the leg of the shorts, I squeezed and massaged the inside of her thigh for a moment before running my fingers across her crotch. I felt the smooth, slick skin of her shaved pussy. My middle finger slid in easily. Cath moaned, "Oh, yessss. Ohhh." I finger fucked her in the same rhythm that I was doing Amber's mouth. As my balls brushed Amber's chin and her spit flowed over them, my finger disappeared into Cath, and her sticky wetness ran down my wrist.

"Two fingers. Give me two fingers," Cath commanded. "Yeah. Fill my pussy. Harder. Harder!" There was an urgency in her voice and I responded by upping the tempo. Amber gave my cock one last, long suck then slid it out of her mouth. It was absolutely covered with her spit. I reached down and felt myself -- it was so slick that my hand slid over it with hardly any friction.

Amber was alongside Cath now, working her other tit with her mouth, giving it a similar treatment to my cock so that I could see the sheen of Amber's saliva as she sucked and licked with abandon. "Oh. Yeah. Suck my titties. Both of you. Suck them. Oh god. That feels good." My thumb was flicking Cath's clit now, and three fingers were stretching her tight hole, and she was going mad with lust. "Don't stop. Don't stop. I'm gonna cum. I'm gonna cum. I'm gonna..." She let out a deep guttural moan that built to a scream and then faded to breathless gasps. Cath collapsed into the bed, and we flopped down next to her. Cath looked amazingly sexy -- her hair was a crazy mess, both her tits were slick with sweat and spit and the front of her shorts were completely soaked. I was dying to fuck her.

We took a moment to get our breaths back and savour the debauchery of what we'd just done. "My god," said Cath when she's got her breath back. "That was hot. I don't think I've ever cum like that before."

"And this is just the beginning," said Amber. "You've just cum, Matt's had two blowjobs, but no-one's been anywhere near my pussy yet. Can't have that. Matt, aren't you going to be a gentleman and do me, too?"

"Anything you say, boss!" I grinned. Amber wriggled up and shifted her hips to get closer in to me. I pulled her shorts down with one hand, while I fondled her gorgeous tits with the other. Just as they had with Cath, my fingers -- two this time -- slid straight into Amber's sopping hole. Amber reached over and grabbed my cock, which by now had dried out. She wanked me a few times, then spat into her hand and reached down again, lubricating the head before starting again. "That's better. Feel good? You like it sloppy, don't you?"

"Yes," I agreed. "I like my dick wet, and your pussy wet. I want you to cum all over my hand."

"I'll do that, alright, if you keep fucking me like that". Amber leaned in to whisper in my ear. "And you ain't seen nothing, yet. Cath's got the serious hots for you. She'll be a real slut for you. We'll both be sluts for you." My cock throbbed in Amber's hand as she talked dirty in barely a whisper. "Do you want me to fuck Cath? Do you want to watch me finger fuck her dirty pussy? She'd love it. Shame I didn't bring my dildo. I could have fucked her with my dildo while she sucks your cock."

How I didn't cum I don't know. But Amber was clearly getting as turned on as I was. Cath, who had been watching us from the side of the bed crawled over between my legs and began to lick my balls while Amber kept on wanking me.

Amber's voice got louder now. "Cath's sucking your balls. The dirty girl. You're a dirty girl, aren't you, Cath?"

Cath lifted her head for a moment to speak. "I am a dirty girl. I love being dirty. I love sucking balls." She got back to work, slurping loudly.
