 "God I need a cigarette!" I gasped as I collapsed, exhausted, at the top of the small mountain my team had just hiked up in the Lake District.

"You're supposed to be setting us a good example." Khalid laughed as he flopped down next to me quickly followed by his two schoolmates.

"Fu...To Hell with that!" I laughed, "I deserve one after a walk like that."

Still laughing at me puffing and panting the boys whispered something, then Khalid turned to me and asked nervously; "Do you really want a smoke?"

"I was supposed to have given up...but...yes... at this minute I would absolutely love one." I replied.

"Jonny," he turned to his friend, "give her one."

"I'd love to; but will a fag do?" The good looking teenager giggled.

When the penny dropped that Khalid had made an innuendo the laughter got even louder.

"You boys will get me the sack!" I chided them as I took the cigarette from the packet. Jonny knelt beside me as he lit it in his best James Bond manner.

"You're leaving anyway," the other boy, Fletcher, corrected me.

He was correct; this was my last day as a teacher in the UK and I was only doing this course as a favour to the Headmaster.

I'm Nina and I'm a 25yr old supply teacher in the North of England. Because I was sick of not knowing which school I'd be at from one week to the next I was catching a train home to Bishop Stortford the next afternoon after I'd safely put my three teenage charges on the coach home to Newcastle. I'd been at this school 7 times in the last three years and had developed a good reputation among the pupils and staff, but knew that there was no chance that I'd ever get a full-time job.

Every year twelve schools from the Newcastle area take part in an outward bound competition in the Lake District spread over four days. The Headmaster at Ponteland Comprehensive, where I'd been teaching since January, was desperate for his school to do well for once; but Mr. Winnet who was meant to be in charge of a team of four had hurt his back so I was corralled into spending four days climbing hills, canoeing, orienteering and walking through rivers with three hormonally challenged 18 year olds while getting paid for it!

I already knew the three boys in the team from my time as their stand-in A-Level Maths teacher and hadn't had any real problems with them; even though they were all from the notorious Darras Hall Estate. These three were regarded as 'saveable' by the Headmaster and the course was their reward for working hard before going on to University.

I'm a naturally sporty type of girl; so with my help and leadership we had been 'neck and neck' with Scotswood Grammar School and climbing this hill in the fastest time meant that we were the Champions!

"You'd better finish that quick, miss!" Jonny shouted, "Walker Academy is nearly here."

Khalid and I took a last puff from our cigarettes and made a drama out of stubbing them out and wafting away the tell-tale smell of smoke, although there was a gale nearly blowing us away.

I grinned and shook my head when I read the sticker on the boys' caravan door – 'If the caravan's a-rockin; don't come a'knockin!' Hardly appropriate for a group of schoolboys; I thought.

"What's going on here?" I asked as I suspiciously sniffed the air in their caravan when I went to collect them to go to the evening meal and presentation.

"Nothing, Miss." They all chimed in unison. 

"If that's what I think it is, you really will get me sacked." I tried not to grin as I definitely smelt dope in the air.

The boys didn't admit to anything and we made our way across the muddy field to the main building. It was quite a distance as we had been allocated two caravans at the far end of a large field; the other schools had large tents closer to the main building and toilet block.

"You look nice miss." Khalid told me as we walked past the other schools' tents.

"Thank you," I smiled in appreciation, "a girl never knows what her luck will be like in a place like this."

I did actually; even though I was wearing a nice short denim skirt and a fitted zip-up hooded top there was absolutely no way I was going to pull on my last night as an English school teacher. The best looking guy was obviously gay and the other teachers and the instructors all looked down their noses at my team as they were from a rough council estate that didn't fit into their 'elite club'. 

After dinner and the short ceremony we tried to mingle with some of the other teams but when I had to stop Jonny from hitting a taller boy from Scotswood I thought that a tactical retreat was called for.

"Have you got any of that stuff left that I didn't smell earlier?" I asked Khalid as I pinned Jonny to the wall as a teacher from Jesmond led a whimpering boy away claiming that Jonny was 'going to kill him'.

He nervously looked at Jonny who was their natural leader; then nodded nervously, "Why Miss?"

"I think that this young man needs to relax and, if memory serves me right, that should do the trick!"

"You're cool, Miss," Fletcher told me, with a lop-sided grin, "for a teacher!"

I asked what he meant by that and the boys all told me why they liked me above all of the other teachers as we wandered back to their caravan.

The boys were being trusted not to wreck the van as they should have been chaperoned by Mr Winnet but he had got the train home earlier in the day.

As Khalid unlocked the door he turned and grinned, "We've got some booze too!"

"Why am I not surprised?" I chuckled as I took a seat in the middle of the bay window.

Khalid brought his large rucksack in from the bedroom as Jonny produced a tin with 5 spliffs in it from his.

I shook my head in mild disbelief as they poured large measures of vodka into tumblers and topped it up with coke from the ceremony.

"Where did this come from?" I asked as I put the glass to my lips, "I know you didn't bring it with you; we checked your bags."

"This morning; when you were putting Winnet on the train," he grinned mischievously, "I robbed two bottles and some cider out of the shop over the road."

The boys let out a cheer as I shook my head in mock disbelief.

Jonny opened his tin and offered me one of the spliffs.

"I'd rather have a ciggie if someone has one." I shrugged my shoulders, "I'll have one of those later!"

As we sipped the vodka and coke the boys bombarded me with questions: 'Did I have a boyfriend?' 'Why was I leaving?' 'What was my home town like? ''What was university like?' 'Had I ever taken drugs?' 'Did I have any tattoos or piercings?'

It was fun talking to them and I tried to be as honest as possible as they genuinely wanted to know what life was like away from their town. I admitted to smoking dope and occasionally dropping a couple of E's and I had three tattoos; showing them the Angel on my shoulder and the Celtic design on my lower back but letting them guess where the other one was.



When I'd finished my large glass of vodka and coke we all lit up the spliffs...WOW...I'd forgotten how good that stuff could be and how powerful.

My head was spinning when Fletcher handed me a second large glass of vodka.

My legs were now curled underneath and I began asking about their lives. It wasn't long before they started talking about girls. 

As the drink and dope began to take effect we were all in a giggly mood and the boys became braver as they talked about the girls and other female teachers in very personal terms.

I began by admitting to being quite wild at University but not actually telling them exactly what I'd done – just letting them guess; which was fun.

The boys quickly became excited when I didn't blush or rein them in so their questions soon became very sexy and personal.

'Did I play with myself?' 'Did I use sex toys?' 'Had I ever been with another girl?' 'Had I ever seen a porn film?' 'Do you suck cock, Miss?' 

Without hesitating I replied, "Yes or of course," to just about everything. 

The boys were all grinning and had twinkles in their eyes as they continued asking me about my sex life and confessed to all sorts of things that they'd been getting up to with the girls at school who I'd previously thought relatively innocent! How wrong I was!

Jonny told me that Nadia gave the best blow-jobs because her tongue was pierced but Carly would let them cum on her face.

Apparently at least five girls in 5c, including both Thompson twins, had shaved their pubes off! I couldn't remember if I even had pubes at that age! 

Their dirty language and descriptions were now making me very, very horny and I was beginning to think I should leave them as I really needed to frig myself.

"What do girls think about when they play with themselves?" Fletcher asked.

"All sorts, I guess." I answered then took a draw on the last spliff that Khalid had passed to me. 

"Like fantasies?" he continued.

"Yes," I raised my eyebrows in mock amazement, "girls have sexy fantasies just like guys."

All three looked genuinely amazed and it was only then that I remembered how young and immature they really were.

"So what are your fantasies Miss?" Jonny asked me.

"Ooh, I couldn't possibly say." I said as coyly as possible.

I nearly gave the game away when Khalid immediately started talking about him and his elder brother roasting a girl as her 18th birthday present. 

By this time I was permanently squirming in my seat and I was sure that Jonny and Khalid were looking up my skirt and could see my red panties. They certainly made no attempt to hide their bulges that where poking through their jogging pants as they moved into the corner of the sofa for a clearer look.

.

"I'm going to have to go for a wank now!" Jonny snorted as he thrust his hands inside his pants and finally adjusted his hard dick. I uncurled my legs to make myself more comfortable; making sure that they got an unobstructed flash of my soaking knickers and hopefully some of my gash as I knew my pussy would be sucking the gusset in.

"Would you like me to do that for you?" I smiled.

The poor kid didn't know what to do or say.

"I'm serious," I beamed, as I took another slurp of vodka, "do you want me to wank you off?"

The boys nervously looked at each other, unable to comprehend what I'd just said.

I manoeuvred until I was kneeling on the sofa and facing the 18 year old schoolboys.

"Oh come on guys," I pleaded as I slowly unzipped my top, "you've got to know how horny you've made me."

The boys were still silent but now grinning madly.

"I'll show you mine if you'll show me yours." I giggled as I took my top off then seductively cupped and stroked my tits through my pale blue lacy Wonderbra. 

I've always had nice tits...no that's not quite right...I have fucking lovely tits...everyone says so! They are medium sized (32b), firm and pliable clay and my nipples poke up to the sky. They have passed 'the pencil test' several times!

Jonny shrugged his shoulders and pulled the waistband of his pants down with one hand and waved his prick at me with the other.

"Mmmm, that looks nice." I purred as I unhooked my bra and let it fall to the caravan floor. "Do you like my tits?"

The boys nervously nodded. Jonny and Khalid were still in front of me but Fletcher was sitting slightly behind getting a good view of my arse as well as a side view of my tits.

"Get your cocks out and I'll show you my tattoo!" I teased as I unbuttoned the side of my skirt.

Khalid quickly whipped his out closely followed by Fletcher. Their cocks looked gorgeous; Khalids' was about 6 inches long and quite thick and a lot darker than his olive skin – I couldn't wait to suck it! Jonny's was about the same length but not as fat and Fletchers was short and fat – just like him.

I could feel the sweat running down my back as I stood up and let my skirt fall to the floor. The boys couldn't take their eyes off me as I slowly pulled the front of my knickers down so that they could see my hairy pie and my little red devil tattoo but not quite everything. 

I dropped my chin onto my chest, fluttered my eyelashes as innocently as possible and told them, "Well, I've seen yours...would you like to see mine?"

"Fuck yes!" Fletcher gasped as he stroked his cock. Actually they were all slowly masturbating in a well practiced manner. That's another thing about me...I love watching guys play with themselves...as long as there is some left for me.

It took a tug to prize my knickers out of my sticky pussy but Khalid's jaw nearly hit the floor when he saw the long string of juice that was stuck to the gusset!

I slowly looked around the caravan at my three students. They were like putty in my hands as they devoured my naked body with their eyes – they were going to be my sexual play-things for the rest of the night.

"Do you still want me to ...wank you off?" I suggestively licked my lips and met Jonny's gaze, "or would you like me suck it?"

"Ooh, Miss...suck me off...PLEASE MISS!" Jonny pleaded.

I rested my knee on the seat and leant forward, jiggling my tits for him when I gently wrapped my fingers around his hot pink shaft. Perhaps it was stage-fright but it wasn't as hard now as when he had first flashed it at me; but I would soon put that right.

"Does that feel good?" I asked. The boy grinned and nodded. "Let's see if the Teacher's better at sucking cocks than her pupils?"

"Ahughaghaghooohhh." He groaned when I covered his swollen plum and kept on pushing until his squishy cock filled my mouth and my chin touched his hairy bollocks.

God his young cock tasted lovely...all hot and sweaty just how I like them. Years of practice came in useful as I began fucking his cock with my mouth as I breathed through my nose. Just as I hoped it instantly began to stiffen and filled my mouth so I had to eventually let most of it glide out so I could suck him comfortably and stroke his shaft and balls.

My head was spinning as I put on a show for his friends; slurping and sucking his dick like a porn actress. 

"Squeeze my tits!" I whispered in between slurps.

Jonny slid his hand around my neck and began caressing my breast; making me gasp when he touched the nipple. 

"Squeeze them harder!" I pleaded, "Dig your fingers into my tits!"

"Oh fuck!" he gasped but obeyed, digging his nails into my flesh and shaking my puppies like a kitten with a ball of wool.

When I felt his balls tighten and his breathing became shallower I tightly gripped the base of his shaft and making sure my breath engulfed his knob I looked up into his glazed eyes.

"Miss! I'm cumming!" He warned me, "MISS! My balls are aching...I'm cumming!"

"Do you want to cum on the Teachers' face?" I teased "You'd like that wouldn't you? Spunking all over her face!" 

"Yes, yes, yes!" He winced and manically nodded his head as I flicked my tongue across his japs-eye.

"Go on then," I whispered as I furiously rubbed his shaft and aimed his piss-hole at my face.

I too was now squealing with delight as he tried to pull my nipple out of its roots when the first jet of hot teenage spunk splashed across my face, then another and the third landed in my eye. 

"Oh God! Oh fucking God...Miss!" He gasped as I sucked the last dregs of salty spunk out of his cock.

Delirious with desire I raised myself up onto my feet. As his spunk dripped down my face I asked, "Who wants to be next?"

"Me Miss! Me Miss!" Fletcher shouted as he raised his arm in the air for attention, forgetting that he wasn't in class.

I picked my knickers off the floor and wiped the excess cum off my face then lay down next to him with my face in his lap.

His short stubby cock looked lovely as I licked some bitter pre-cum out of his tip.

As I stroked his cock I turned to the other two, "I need one of you to lick my cunt."

They both looked shocked that I'd used the C word. It hadn't dawned on me that the boys and I had probably used every other word in the dictionary during our sexy chat but at this moment in time it wasn't a vagina or a pussy between my legs it was a CUNT a hot and horny CUNT that needed a good tonguing.

Jonny instantly knelt on the floor and pulled my legs apart; staring at my hot pink gash.

"I've never done this before, Miss. What do I do?" He looked at me excitedly.

"Just lick it like it's an ice cream then," I told him as I pulled the sticky flaps apart to expose my clitoris which was sticking out like a third nipple, "then flick your tongue like crazy over that." 

"I'll try my best miss." He said in a soft voice. Even the boys calling me 'Miss' was becoming such a fucking turn-on!

"Oooooohhhhh yeesssss!" I moaned when he made his tongue glide up my groove.

He was a fucking natural; his untrained tongue lapped up my love juices and he sucked on my labia as his fingers stroked and caressed the inside of my thighs and the crack of my arse.

After a minute or so I bent over to greedily eat Fletchers fat prick. We moaned and groaned in unison as his cock fit perfectly into my mouth and Jonny's tongue fit perfectly into my sopping cunt.

"Yeh....yeh...yeh...yeh!" Fletcher kept gasping as he twirled my around his fingers as my mouth created a vacuum around his dick.

Without using words I made him spread his legs so I could get a tight grip on his hairless sack while I bobbed my head and swirled my tongue around the purple knob.

"Oohya!" I yelped when Jonny's tongue suddenly touched my clit making me jump and I let the cock slip out of my mouth.

"YES....YES...YES!" I cried out, "Finger me! Finger me!"

Jonny dutifully poked my twat with a long middle finger giving me a little bit of relief as I returned to my oral administrations on his fat friend.

Fletcher grabbed two handfuls of hair and began bouncing in his seat as he fucked my mouth. I met each thrust with a bob of my head as Jonny did wonderful things to my cunt and clit with his fingers and tongue.

My whole body seemed to convulse as I gave and received oral at both ends. 

"Aaaaaggghhh!" Fletcher gasped as he neared orgasm.

"More fingers!" I shouted to Jonny as my own fingers furiously wanked the fat cock until it showered my face with thick lumpy spunk.

He inserted a second then a third finger and viciously licked my throbbing clit until I panted for air then WOW!!!! A mind blowing orgasm flooded my body. I didn't scream or cry out like I usually do...I just grinned myself silly as the sweetest feeling in the world engulfed my whole being as Fletcher covered my lips with solid globules of sticky cum. 

My orgasm left me shattered so I flopped back against the cushions and gently stroked my tingling cunt for their amusement.

Khalid was now standing naked in the middle of the floor stroking a stiffy that looked like it was going to burst.

"Come here baby," I whispered and patted the cushion nearest my head, "and Teacher will take care of that ache for you!"

He didn't need telling twice and was soon waving his dark uncut cock in front of my face. I couldn't wait either and immediately filled my mouth with my third rock hard teenage cock.

"My tits...my tits!" I moaned, "Do what Jonny did and squeeze Teachers' titties for her...nice and hard...hurt me!"

His hairy olive fingers were soon mauling my mounds as I sucked his dark pipe for him.

"Oh yes...that's good!" I grunted with a mouth full of cock as he stretched my pink rosebud nipples as far as they would go, making me suck the life out of his young dong.

As the third boy to get his cock sucked I knew that he wouldn't last as long as the others and I was right. Khalid soon grabbed my head and forced his long thin dick past my tonsils and came straight into the back of my throat and down my neck.

I was now insatiable and judging by the three hard cocks that were in front of me so were they!

"Now... fuck me!" I called to Jonny as I lay flat on my back and spread my legs for my young lover, curling one ankle over the back cushion so that my hairy cunt was on show to the whole world.
