 "What the fuck is caravan park roulette?" Mandy demanded as she took another drink.

"Its like this," Jenny replied, "You sneak into the men's shower block of the caravan park, slide under the door when some bloke is in there and give him a blow job if he lets you."

"No fucking way!" Mandy laughed in response. 

"You've never done that," Emma said with disbelief nearly choking on her drink. She met Jenny's blue eyes and was surprised when her friend blushed. "Oh shit, you have?"

"Yeah, I've done it, it's awesome," Jenny replied.

"But like, what if you go in there and it's some old dude, or a kid?" Mandy asked.

"Well you do have to peek before you slip under, just to make sure that it's not a kid, but part of the deal is, that if its an old dude, you still have to do it."

"That's freakin' stupid!" Emma said, looking to Mandy for support, who was actually looking like she might be considering the idea. 

"What if there's like lines of people waiting to get into the showers?" Mandy asked.

"Well, you don't do it at peak time," Jenny replied. "You do it when the women's are being cleaned, so then if there happens to be some guy standing around, or just leaving or something, you tell him that the girl's are being cleaned and head for one of the toilet stalls. I've never had a guy complain yet!" 

Mandy manoeuvred herself so she was sitting with her heel against her pussy, rocking herself back and forth on it, more and more turned on by the crazy thought of blowing some random stranger. 

"I think we should do it," Mandy announced.

"You two are nuts," Emma replied. "Count me out."

"Spoil sport," Jenny laughed at her. "Tomorrow Mandy?"

"Well, why not now?" Mandy replied, sipping her mojito. "I mean, there's going to be hardly anyone having showers now is there?" Jenny looked at her watch. It was 9:30pm, an hour before the curfew the park imposed on noise and after the early evening rush when most people used the amenities. 

"Shit, why not?" Jenny laughed. "I mean, they're not cleaning the ladies, but I guess we could always just tell someone that we had to run in and use the men's on a dare."

"Well, that could work," Mandy said. "And it's the perfect thing to tell someone in the shower stall too ... that its a dare."

"I like the way you think," Jenny replied grinning while Emma looked disgusted and told them that they were bloody nuts. "Want to go first or second?" Jenny asked Mandy.

"I'll go second," Mandy replied not quite believing that Jenny was serious. 

Jenny stood up and headed off to the showers, just like that, with a wink as she walked away in her cut off denim shorts and red halter-top bikini. Mandy and Emma watched in disbelief as Jenny strolled toward the amenities block. She glanced around to reassure herself that no one was watching, and then slipped inside the men's.

Jenny's heart was racing as she went inside even though she'd done this before. She thought it unlikely that anyone would complain to the point of calling the cops on her if she backed out nicely enough, but the element of risk heightened the whole experience. Luckily there wasn't anyone in the main part of the shower block, but there were two showers running and she wondered which one to pick. It would be easy to cheat and peek under the door to see who was better looking, but that wasn't the point of the game. You had to choose, check that it wasn't a kid and then if not, go ahead. Left or right?

She opted to go for the one on the left purely because it was in the corner and that meant that there wouldn't be anyone on the other side if they came in later. She quickly peeked under the door, saw man-sized feet and slipped under the door. 

"What the fuck?!" the man in the shower said as he saw her head start sliding under the door. Jenny gave him a quick "shhh", holding her finger to her lips as she wiggled the rest of the way in. He stared at her in disbelief but didn't say anything. She closed the short distance between them feeling the water splashing off him and hitting her in a fine mist as she took in what she'd let herself in for. He was middle aged, probably the same as her father, she mused, overweight with quite a big belly, and his cock was rapidly hardening. Nothing to write home about, but neither was it too small. He had a wedding ring on his finger she noted as she leaned in closer to whisper to him, 

"Would you like a head job?"

"Are you serious?" he whispered in return, eyes widening in shock. Jenny nodded, her hand reaching out to grab his cock. He flinched, but she held it firmly, feeling it growing to its full hardness in her hand.

"Is this some sick hidden camera shit?" he asked, glancing around the shower stall wildly, worried he was being set up. "No just a very kinky dare from some friends of mine," Jenny assured him, hand starting to stroke his cock. She knelt down on the floor in front of him, opening her mouth. 

"Shall I?" she said seductively, tongue licking at her lips. Her pussy felt alive with the naughtiness of what she was doing and she grinned up t him when he nodded. 

Very slowly she moved her mouth down over his cock, slowly engulfing him before sucking slowly back up, hearing him moan quietly. She bobbed up and down a couple of times and used her tongue to tease and swirl around the head. She wasn't here to give him the best head job of his life just make him cum and get out. She didn't apply all her teasing skills, but instead wrapped her forefinger and thumb around the base of his erection and pumped him as she sucked. She could hear the building urgency of his breathing so she worked him hard, her hand doing most of the work as she used her lips and mouth at the head to encourage him to lose his load. She looked up at his disbelieving face and winked. He had his hands on the wall of the shower stall, holding himself as he moaned quietly, thrusting with his hips even though Jenny controlled his depth in her mouth with her hand. After a couple of minutes and with a strangled cry of pleasure he erupted, shooting his cum into her mouth. Jenny took the first spurt in her mouth, but then quickly held his cock aside, pumping him as he kept cumming, watching it hit the floor and wash down the drain. She spat out the seed that she'd taken in her mouth onto the floor as well. 

Jenny quickly stood up as he recovered. He tried to ask her name, but Jenny wasn't going to give anything away. "Can I at least see your tits?" he begged as he realised she was about to disappear back under the door. Jenny smiled at him and quickly flashed him, pulling aside her bikini top to reveal her small A cup breasts. She laughed silently at his lust-filled expression and after checking that there was no one waiting outside, opened the door and stepped through, leaving it wide open behind her. She laughed when she heard him racing to close the door as she disappeared from the shower block. She returned to the campsite her bikini top and cut offs wet, and laughed at the looks on her friends' faces. 

"Oh my God, you're a fucking nut," Mandy laughed, hugging Jenny, and feeling her wet bikini.

"Fucking psycho is more like it," Emma added, shaking her head in disbelief. "Or did you just go in there, go to an empty stall and leave again?" she asked with a sly look. In response, Jenny went over to where Emma was sitting and leaned down and kissed her, slipping tongue between her friend's lips.

"Eewwww, that's so gross!" Emma said pulling back from the kiss and grimacing. "I can taste his cum!"

"Well, then there's the proof," Jenny laughed.

"Well fine, but if you come near me again tonight without washing your mouth out, don't expect any loving," Emma declared.

"Do you need proof too?" Jenny asked Mandy. 

"Oh no, I'm fine, I know how dirty you are," she responded with a wink. "But come on, give us details, who did you blow?" Jenny had the girls bring their camping chairs to the front of the site from where they could see people that came in and out. 

"I'm guessing he'll be out any second," Jenny told them. She wasn't wrong and after a little while, the guy she'd blown emerged, looking cautiously about as he wandered back to his caravan.

"Him? Wow that certainly wasn't the jackpot," Emma laughed, thankful that it wasn't her.

"Well it wasn't too bad, " Jenny said, "But I didn't do anything more than blow him and then flash my tits."

"What do you mean?" Mandy asked.

"Well like, he wasn't so hot that I fucked him ..."

"Oooooh," said Mandy, "You'd do that?"

"Hell yes if it turned out to be a hunk with a massive dick," Jenny laughed. 

"Geez, if it was guaranteed to be a hunk with a massive dick, I might even give it a go," Emma said.

"Yeah, but it's not roulette if you know what you're in for," Jenny replied. "That would take the risk element and half the fun out of it. What do you reckon Mandy, ready to give it a go?"

"Was anyone else in there?" Mandy asked, licking her lips as she felt her heart begin to pound at the thought of going through with this.

"Yeah, there was one other stall going when I was in there," Jenny said, smiling. "He's probably finished by now, but someone might have come in from the other side that we can't see from here." 

Mandy stood up. She was wearing knee length black tights and a Bintang singlet over her green bikini top. Restrained as they were, her nipples were visibly erect through her clothing.

"Wish me luck!" she said, giggling at the look on Emma's face as she shook her head at her.

Emma and Jenny watched their curvy friend, her shapely butt swaying hypnotically as she departed.