 My wife kissed me on the cheek as she left the house to go clubbing with her girlfriends. She looked fabulous, as always, dressed in a low cut, short black dress, leather knee-high boots and black stockings. As soon as I saw her close the taxi door I raced upstairs to log onto the Internet. She went out with her friends every Friday and I would spend the whole evening surfing porn sites.

Andrea and I had been happily married for seven years. Sadly our sex life was becoming stale. 

I flicked through several sites as I checked my e-mail accounts. 

The site that I was looking at was particularly dirty. It was members' only site that catered for 'forced sex' and 'gang-bangs'. Over the previous 6 months I'd checked out most sexual activities but found myself coming back to this site over and over again. I loved looking at the pictures of women having sex with groups of men. I'd masturbate several times a night imagining that I was taking part or it was my wife being abused. 

While browsing through my messages one in particular grabbed my attention. I clicked on message 136 and the following message opened up.

“Fantasise about seeing your wife or girlfriend GANGBANGED?

Do you want to turn your fantasy into reality? 

If YES, contact us for more details on e mail address etc, etc”

My heart began beating faster and my cock became stiffer as I re-read the massage. At first I thought that it must be some kid messing about, then I realised that my fingers were typing the address into an e-mail document.

"It'll be a laugh." I thought, as I typed 'Interested. Send details.'

"It'll be a turn on for him to consider banging my wife." 

I sent the e-mail never thinking that they were serious or even lived in the UK anyhow.

After about 10 minutes of surfing even darker porn sites, a message 'pinged' on screen. I checked my account to see that the message was from the person that I had replied to.

It read…

“We may be interested in your wife but need more details. Send by return”.

I smiled and eagerly replied…

“Andrea, 27, slim, no kids, 5 foot 6 inches, brown hair and blue eyes and I think she is attractive”. I pressed send.

After two or three minutes I had another reply.

“Send a picture and her sexual preferences. You could be in business”

My heart gave a jump as I looked through “my documents” for something suitable. My cock was stiffening as I found a picture of her from a wedding we attended earlier in the year. She was wearing a hat and a light coloured dress that emphasised her curves. She looked gorgeous.

"Picture attached. Loves oral (giving and receiving), prefers 'doggy style', enjoys wearing sexy lingerie. Not very vocal but is very orgasmic." I exaggerated about the oral sex, but it was only a bit of fun. 

I pressed send, and waited. About five minutes later I had the following reply…

“She looks good. What is her bra size? Is she trimmed or shaven? Forward this information only if you are serious.”

I wasn’t really serious but I was getting very turned on 'talking' about my wife to a stranger.

I sent them the following reply anyhow.

“She likes to wear sexy underwear (black or white), usually see-thru and lacy. Also likes (black) hold up stockings. She is a 34B bra size and neatly trimmed.”

It gave me a real thrill, and my cock was close to bursting point, as I gave out her most personal details. 

Within a minute the next message arrived.

“Excellent. Where do you live? We are in Essex”.

Without thinking I re posted immediately, “Oxfordshire.” I was surprised that he/they lived so close. I imagined they would have been based overseas for some reason. The next message they sent had an attachment with the following message.

“Is this how you want to see your wife?”

I quickly opened the attachment. After about a minute of downloading, it showed a woman on her back surrounded by five men that were mauling her body. Her clothes were being ripped off, and her knickers had been pulled to one side exposing a very hairy bush. A black man was kneeling between her thighs fucking her as she sucked another man at the other end.

It was highly erotic.

I masturbated while I looked at the picture imagining it was Andrea. 

“Yes I’d love to see her look like that.” I e-mailed back, cock in hand. 

Seconds later another message arrived that shook me to the core.

“Send your mobile telephone number so we can make this happen”.

"Oh my God!" I thought, "These people are serious." Until that moment I had thought it was just a bit of fun – a fantasy. 

I signed out of my e-mail and turned the computer off. I was amazed and shocked that they were this serious and might actually have gone through with it.

I thought no more about it until one morning the following week when I was leaving for work. I found a message stuck onto my car windscreen asking me to call a mobile phone number. I didn't recognise it so waited until I got to work to call. I closed my office door and dialled.

The phone was answered with a harsh, ”Yes”.

“Err hello you left me a message to call you” I said.

“So you thought e-mail would keep you anonymous did you?” The voice grunted.

“I’m sorry, I don’t know what you mean,” I replied puzzled.

“You e-mailed me last Friday about your wife –Andrea. She wears nice black lacy underwear, 34b tits and is nice and trimmed. You told me she likes sucking and fucking.” The voice went on.

Suddenly I went very pale and felt my legs go weak as my mouth dried up. I took a gulp from my coffee cup and composed myself.

“Err yes I know what you're talking about now.” I whispered.

“I’m in your company car park. A silver VW Golf on the third floor. I want to see you NOW! Don’t keep me waiting” he demanded and the phone went dead.

I got up from my chair and told my secretary that I was just nipping out for a couple of minutes. I slowly walked into the car park and climbed the stairs to the third floor. It was enclosed from the summer sun and very dark as I scoured the vehicles looking for the silver Golf. Suddenly a car flashed its headlights at me and I turned around. It was 'Him'. I walked over to the car. The passenger car door was already open. The driver was a big man, over six feet tall with a heavy muscle-bound build, shaved head and goatee beard. His arms were covered in Celtic tattoos.

"How did you know where I worked?" I whimpered. 

He turned to me menacingly, “I followed you from home. When you joined my site you gave me your real address – idiot! Now don't piss me off unless you want to be found at the bottom of the canal. It was a mistake fucking me about on Friday.” 

Shaking, I realised that this man was very serious and if I did not co-operate fully with him he would carry out his threat. “OK what do you want” I asked him.

“We want your wife.” He replied casually.

“I wasn't serious," I told him, "I’m not sure she would want to take part”, I continued nervously.

“Look pal, that's not how it is." He glared at me, "You offered her to us – we want her. It's as simple as that. If she puts up a fight, well that just adds to our fun! You can watch if you want to, with, or without her knowing you're there. Its going to happen anyway, so I don’t give a shit if you want to be there or not anymore.” 

My heart was beating so fast I thought it was going to burst.

"We've got a lock up place in London were we hold our parties," he laughed, "we even have a special room for visitors – twats like you that like watching their wives getting fucked by real men."

“What do you want from me?” I asked slightly warming to his plan.

“I need the alarm code of her car, all of her regular car journeys and I want to know when she is on her period as we don’t want to go to all this trouble when she’s on”. He instructed.

“She’s just finished her period” I replied a bit too over eagerly, then I remembered what I was actually telling him.

“Good, e-mail her car details tonight and I'll be in touch”, he told me as he ushered me away.

I walked away from his car looking very nervous but I knew I had to get him the information otherwise I would end up with a good kicking and they would probably rape Andrea anyway.

I felt very uneasy for the rest of the day and at about half past two I told my secretary that I felt unwell and was going home. 

“You don’t look too well Rob”, she replied hardly looking up from her VDU screen.

Once I got home I looked through the documents for Andrea’s car and finally found the alarm code. I sent all of the information along with her movements for the following week by e-mail immediately.

I checked my messages later that night. They replied at 8.30.

"It will happen tomorrow. Be at the address below for about 10.30 if you want to watch.”

I checked the address on Routefinder. It appeared to be a scrap yard in SE London.

I rang my secretary and told her that I would not be in for the rest of the week, as I still felt unwell, which was actually the truth.

I was already awake when the alarm buzzed at 7am. I showered and had breakfast as usual. Before I left the house at 7.45, I joined Andrea in our bedroom. 

"You okay?" I asked nervously, "Busy day at work?"

My wife was getting dressed, a silky black thong, black see –thru bra, natural tights, a black and white flowing summer dress and a pair of black high-heeled shoes, she seemed confused at my questioning. 

"Yes to both questions," she cocked her left eye at me, "Why?"

"Oh…you know, just …you looked….never mind. I'll see you tonight." I smiled and blew her a kiss.

It took nearly two hours to find the address that I had been given. It was a scrapyard in a run down part of Southeast London. I slowly drove my car along the pot-holed road until I came to a cabin next to a metal gate. An old man hobbled to the side window.

I wound it down. "You're keen," he cackled through broken discoloured teeth, "park behind there and follow me."

As I drove behind the cabin two huge German Shepherd dogs began barking and straining at their leashes. I parked next to a BMW, Merc and a Jeep Cherokee.

The old man led me passed the dogs to the side door of a large pre-fabricated hanger.

Inside was a small, unlit room with a tiny table. There was a flask of coffee, plastic cups and a case of cheap beer on top. Standing in the far corner were 3 well-dressed Japanese businessmen nervously looking at me. We nodded 'hello'. 

“You can watch from there”, the old man said pointing to the opposite wall.

There were six spy holes drilled through the brick wall. Each about an inch round, I tentatively looked through a peephole into a stark room.

All I could see was an old sofa a dirty mattress and a strip light.

My heart was racing now as my stomach turned. I couldn't believe what I was doing. What had started out as a wank fantasy was now turning into reality and my wife was going to be gang-banged in front of an audience. I felt nauseous as I took a swig of the beer that I had just been handed.

The door opened again. "We're not too late are we, George?" A small fat Jewish looking man called out, as his taller friend immediately poured them two coffees from the flask.

Looking at his watch the old man replied, "No, they'll be here in a minute, so you'd better get into your positions."

George ushered us to the peepholes, before telling us with a chuckle, "There's plenty of Kleenex on the table, so make sure you use them. I'm sick of having to wash this fucking place after you lot have been in here!" 

As soon as I put my eye to the hole the door in the other room burst open and Andrea was dragged in by the man in the VW Golf and another tall, body builder type. A pillowcase was over her head and her hands were fastened with some cord. She was pushed face down onto the sofa making her dress ride up her legs. I could see that her tights had already been ripped at the crotch. My stomach turned over again but my cock ached for relief – it was so hard. Andrea was sobbing as they pulled the hood from her head. One of the guys undid her wrist fastenings as she now sat, shaking, facing them. Andrea tried to stand up but was pushed back down.

"Sit still, we'll be back in a minute." The older guy grunted, then the two men left the room.

A couple of minutes went by, while Andrea regained some composure. She stood up and walked around a little bit, her dress clinging to her feminine curves. Then she tried to open the door, but it was locked from the outside. 

Andrea began banging on the door, "Let me out, let me out. PLEASE! Let me out!" 

Suddenly the door was flung open, knocking her back into the room. Five men rushed in four only wearing shorts or track bottoms and old George who had a camcorder. Andrea took a step back as the four men surrounded her dropping their pants at the same time. As George locked the door the fat Jewish man shouted, "Fantastic!" He nudged his friend, who was standing next to me, "The big black lad is Joel. Wait until you see his cock; it's fucking enormous. The big lad with tattoos is Lenny, he organises these things." Then he whispered, "He's fucking evil." He picked up his voice again when the second black man grabbed Andrea's tits, "I think he's called Shola. I've only seen him once before. Ha, ha." He chuckled, "He likes fucking them up the arse." 

Andrea slapped his hand away but he wasn't going to be deterred that easily.

The Jewish man described the characters as if they were actors in a film, not professional rapists. "I've never seen the Asian boy before, but he looks like he's got a big dick too."

"The girl looks nice," he continued, "A bit small but looks like she'll put up a fight!"

"Fucking Hell!" I thought, "What have I done?" 

He was right, Joel had an exceptionally large cock dangling between his legs. It must have been over 10 inches long.

I was now very nervous but also very turned on. My own erection was straining inside my trousers. The men started pushing Andrea from one to another getting more and more forceful with every push.

“Get off me! You bastards, leave me alone!” she screamed at them, which only made them laugh.

The black man with the scar (Shola) grabbed her from behind and started to grope her tits through her thin dress. The Asian man pulled her dress up, exposing her torn tights and tiny thong. 

George was moving between them with his camera.

Lenny grabbed her dress too and between them they pulled it over her head and off. Andrea was spitting at them as she furiously tried to fight them off.

Her dress was thrown into the corner of the room leaving my wife standing in her black bra, thong, torn tights and high-heeled shoes.

The men were moving around her like hyenas at a carcass. Lenny suddenly grabbed the waistband of her tights to try and pull them down only for Andrea to grab them herself in an attempt to keep them up. As she held onto her tights, the Asian guy released the clip of her bra, Joel pulled it off exposing her firm tits and large pink nipples. The men around me all cheered as the others started to grope and fondle her naked breasts. She raised her arms to protect her swinging tits. Lenny took advantage and pulled her tights and knickers down to her ankles, exposing her neatly trimmed pubes for the first time and making it difficult for her to move.

“Get off me, get off me!” she shouted, but her pleas fell on deaf ears, as four pairs of hands groped and slapped her naked flesh.

Andrea was then pushed down onto the middle of the sofa. Lenny and Joel sat next to her. Joel held her wrists with one hand and kissed her hard on the lips as he groped her tits, his massive cock swinging like a baseball bat. 

“Get rid of her knickers and open her legs!” Lenny told his friends as he began suckling on her left tit as his cock slapped against her belly.

Shola and the Asian guy grabbed a shoe each, throwing them over their shoulders. Andrea was still struggling to keep her thighs together as her torn tights and black thong were dragged from her ankles leaving her completely naked. 

“She looks fucking well tight boys," The Jewish man announced, "They'll enjoy themselves with this posh bitch." I turned to see that he already had his trousers around his ankles and was wanking his long thin cock.

The Asian man sniffed the gusset of Andrea's silky black panties, “He, he, he, she smells good.” He laughed as he passed the panties to Joel, who agreed. 

Andrea tried kicking and punching, as all four men descended on her like animals. It was no good; they totally overpowered her. Lenny grabbed her head and tried to make her suck his thick cock, but she kept her mouth shut, as Joel and the Asian guy finally pulled her legs apart.

One of the Japanese men gasped as her neatly trimmed cunt glistened with copious amounts of her 'love-juice'.

"Oh man!" Shola laughed as he jammed two long black fingers into her soaking pussy. "Have you seen how fucking wet she is?" He laughed as the others moved their positions so that they could see him easily fingering my slim white wife.

Her eyes were tightly closed and she was grimacing as Shola continued his double finger fucking. Suddenly Andrea opened her mouth for air, only for Lenny to try and force his fat cock in. She shook her head as his purple knobhead went in, making sure it fell out again. Lenny grabbed a handful of hair making her scream, then forcing her mouth back onto his cock, "That's better, now suck it." Andrea tried not to, but his hand forced her head up and down on his cock. 

"Come on man," I heard someone say, " let's get her fucked, my balls are aching."

"Okay, get her ready!" Lenny laughed as he let go of her hair.

My wife was picked up turned over and forced over the arm of the sofa, her arse sticking up in the air. The youngest black man, Shola, positioned himself at her arse end and the Asian man sat on the sofa positioning himself at her head.

Andrea was squirming and wriggling, as the two other men held her still so the first two could fuck her pussy and mouth.

I watched with awe. I couldn't stop myself. Just like the others at the peepholes; I dropped my trousers and pants to my ankles and masturbated.

The black man pulled her thighs apart and fingered her dripping fanny again before pushing his thick black cock against her tight pink hole.

“No, No, No”, she pleaded as he grabbed her hips and began slowly feeding it inside her. His feet and knees kept her legs stretched apart, but her cunt was so wet it offered no resistance at all to his big black cock. 

He kept on pushing, as Lenny and Joel held her arms behind her back. The Asian man grabbed his brown cock with one hand and her head with the other, and told her to, ”Suck! Suck it Whitey!”

Andrea very reluctantly opened her mouth and took maybe an inch of his cock in her mouth, “Fucking suck it properly rich bitch!” he told her and pushed the back of her head onto his cock forcing it right into her mouth until she gagged on it.

“That’s more like it, now suck it properly.” he told her as he grabbed her tits, twisting a nipple between his fingers. 

George was still moving around the sofa with his camera recording all the gory details of my wife's debasement.

The other two men were waiting eagerly for their fellow rapists to finish so they could take their turn with my wife.

The Asian man came first, holding the back of Andrea’s head as he fucked her mouth, shooting his thick warm salty cum into her mouth. As he withdrew Andrea spat it out onto the sofa.

“Don’t you like spunk?” he asked her.

“No I fucking don’t," she shouted back as Shola continued fucking her.

“Shame. You're going to have lots more before we finish with you, so you'd better get used to it”, he laughed.

As the Asian man moved off the sofa Lenny let go of her arm and replaced him. He aimed his long gnarly erection at Andrea's mouth. She turned her head and looked away.
