 Courtney and Alex have known each other for many years. From a distance, they shared some sensual, intimate, erotic and passionate moments. On one occasion, they acted these out in a hotel room in Texas. 

It was a memorable night for Alex. He will never forget the text messages and phone calls leading up to that experience. A room key was left discretely outside. He laid in bed, naked and hard. She entered, took her clothes off and climbed in to bed naked. The rest was a wet, wild and unforgettable evening. Time passed and they went more or less separate ways. 

But the time had come for one last adventure. And it would involve another person. They had often shared teasing stories about lesbian sex, anal and other wishes and desires, but that is all they were. Until now.

Courtney and Amanda arrived for dinner at Alex's about 6pm on Saturday evening. Amanda was not fully aware of why she was there, other then to have dinner with Alex before he moved out of state for a new job opportunity. Alex was attracted to Amanda from the day they met, through Courtney. Amanda was engaged but maintained a flirtatious side. Courtney hinted and teased Amanda enough to pique her interest.

Alex welcomed them as they came into his home to the smell of fresh food, country music in the background and candles. Both girls were dressed comfortably, casually, jeans and slightly revealing shirts. 

Through the evening, Alex presented a gourmet meal complete with matching wines. Alex wore jeans, his chef coat and a hat on backwards. As he moved back and forth between the kitchen and the dining room table, there would be a touch of the shoulder, a teasing comment or other flirtatious gesture. After the meal, they each took a glass of wine and went for a short walk.

When they returned, Alex asked that they wait on the couch for a moment as he went in to the bedroom. He returned and sat on the couch between Amanda and Courtney. To do so, he had to slide in between them as Courtney had sat very close to Amanda and had a leg draped over Amanda's lap and her arm around her shoulder. 

Amanda seemed quite comfortable as she rested her head on Courtney's shoulder and a hand on her leg, slowly rubbing it. The wine was having the desired effect on both, especially Amanda. Alex winked at Courtney and she knew that it was time. 

Even Courtney was not sure what was going to happen next, but she was aware of what the desired outcome was to be. As Alex sat between them, hands probed a little, the conversation was frisky and guard was being let down. Alex suggested giving Amanda a massage which she accepted without hesitation. 

Alex led Amanda and Courtney to the bedroom. Alex closed the door behind them. There were three robes laying on the bed and he offered Amanda a robe. He suggested she undress to the level she was most comfortable with, but noted that a massage was most effective when the maximum amount of skin was available. He led her to a bathroom that was bathed in warm candlelight. 

Courtney looked around the candle lit room and saw an array of oils and lotions as well as a small basket with a towel over it. He just smiled at her.

He handed Courtney a robe and suggested she undress and put it on, and he would do likewise. She turned her back to him and undressed and he marveled at the beauty of her naked body from behind, as candlelight danced across her tanned skin. He undressed and knew that his rock hard, erect cock would be very noticeable through the robe. So he wore the robe slightly lose around the waist so as to delay the inevitable. 

Alex and Courtney stood on either side of the bed and waited for Amanda to come out of the bathroom. Courtney wondered what had been taking her so long. Alex said he conveniently left a teen porn magazine called Tight on the shelf. He was hoping it would pique her interest and help whet her appetite. He was hoping the pictures of the hot girls and their stories of first time sex, blow jobs and getting it up the butt would stimulate her. 

Courtney liked the idea and said she was plenty stimulated already. She was wondering what she needed to do and he told her to just follow his lead.

Amanda finally came out of the bathroom with a smile on her face and her robe loosely tied around her waist. Alex could see her breasts peeking out of the robe and her shapely legs radiated with each step. He asked Amanda to lie face down on the bed and to undo the robe enough so it could be moved around as needed. He asked her if it was ok for both Courtney and himself to massage her body and she simply replied, "absolutely."

Laying down on the bed, she had fully undone the robe and Alex saw it could be maneuvered in any way needed. He slide it off her shoulders exposing her bare back. Her hands were resting under her forehead to ever so slightly prop up her head. 

Alex asked Amanda if it were ok for them to get comfortable and she said, "whatever you need to do." With a smile and a nod, Alex removed his robe and stood completely naked at the side of the bed, his cock standing erect and already seeping the clear, sweet pre-cum. Startled at first, Courtney followed and Alex just smiled at her beautiful body, supple breasts and shaved pussy. 

He took some lotion and poured some into Courtney's hands and some in his. Together, they started to slowly massage Amanda's bare back. She stirred instantly and let out a quite, sensual, "mmmmmmmm." Alex and Courtney maneuvered their bodies close to the side of Amanda. Following his lead, Courtney let her breasts brush against Amanda's naked body. Alex's erect cock made contact several times with Amanda's hand which she eventually started to massage each time his cock touched her hand.

They massaged her back, shoulders, arms, neck and hands. A stray hand would brush the sides of her breasts and she would lift her chest to allow further exploration. Alex moved the robe further down her body, revealing a shapely ass and smooth legs. 

Alex and Courtney each worked the length of a leg, up the butt and allowing their hands to wander towards the inner thigh. Each time a hand worked in between her legs, Amanda spread them slightly as if inviting a finger to probe her. The back of her legs, calf and feet were massaged as Alex and Courtney continued to allow their naked bodies to come in contact with Amanda's. The stirring of her body and gentle verbal noises confirmed she was enjoying the experience and it was time to try for more.

Alex asked Amanda if it was ok for him and Courtney to make her feel even better. Amanda responded with a very sexual, "yes." Alex stepped off the bed and went to the basket. He removed a toy that he held up to the light for Courtney to see. He eyes opened wide and a smile crossed her face. 

Alex told Amanda that Courtney was going to massage her a little more in a few different places. A simple, "please" escaped Amanda's lips. Alex took the lead to give Courtney the idea. He wanted to keep talking to a minimum. The toy was a 6 inch vibrator dildo with a 3 inch anal/clit extension. 

He began by gliding it around Amanda's butt and inner thigh. Without needing any verbal commands, she spread her legs slowly open. A little more with each pass. Still on her stomach, a beautiful butt hole was reveal along with a dripping wet pussy. 

Alex transferred the toy to Courtney who excitingly began to caress Amanda's soaking pussy. With his hands, Alex gently led Amanda's hips into the air. Without hesitation she complied and was soon on her knees, legs spread and face still down. 

Alex assisted Courtney with massaging Amanda's hot, wet pussy. Courtney first slide the toy gently inside Amanda, just a little, and was greeted immediately with a "yes, more" from Amanda. Courtney fucked Amanda a little more and more and soon Amanda's hips moved in rhythm with the toy. 

The toy was turned such that the extra part of the dildo was massaging Amanda's clit. Soon, Courtney turned the dildo on and the vibrator part took over, practically sending Amanda over the edge immediately. A series of groans and moans pursed her lips with a loud, "fuck me." Courtney probed Amanda's pussy deep with the toy as her hips bucked along. 

Alex leaned down to Amanda whose face was still buried in the pillow and asked her if she wanted it in the ass, too? She cried, "yes, fuck my ass, please fuck my ass." Alex drizzled some oil into her butt hole and Courtney turned the toy around and with the long part still vibrating in Amanda's pussy, in one thrust, hammered the other end into Amanda's ass. 

If there was pain, Amanda did not express it. She kept crying out for more. Courtney, herself, seemed to be in another world, enjoying fucking her friend. Alex leaned back down to Amanda and asked if she wanted to suck his cock. Again, no hesitation. 

So Alex positioned himself in front of Amanda who immediately lifted her head and eagerly began to suck his cock. It was if she had not eaten at all that night. With Alex leaning back against the head board, he watched as Courtney hammered her friends pussy and ass and looked down at Amanda devouring his cock. 

She was a pro and it did not take long for him to cum. Alex said his was about to cum and Amanda, without missing a beat, said, with her mouthful of cock, "give it to me." Alex grunted and could feel the full load of his cum shooting into Amanda's warm, wet mouth. 

About the same time, she let out a cry as she came hard, lifting her head up, arching her back and letting some of the cum shoot on to her face. Amanda's orgasm seemed to last for many minutes and she still concentrated on licking the last few drops of cum from Alex's dick. 

Courtney slowly removed the toy and Amanda collapsed in a heap. She lay there for just a moment and rolled over on her back, her head still in Alex's lap on his still hard cock.

Amanda had several ribbons of cum on her face from when she pulled away. Alex told Courtney to clean it up at which time Courtney, like a mother cat cleaning a kitten, licked the cum off Amanda's face and then shared a long, tongue locked kiss with Amanda. 

After taking a few minutes to absorb the moment, Alex said it was time for Amanda to return the favor to Courtney. Amanda simply said, "I would be happy to."

Alex asked Courtney to lay down on the bed, in the middle. She did and Alex returned to the basket and removed an eye mask. Alex placed the mask over Courtney's eyes, serving as a blindfold. Courtney let out a soft, "hmmmm" and licked her lips. 

Alex then took a pair of soft handcuffs and told Courtney to place her hands above her head, which she did. Alex gave the cuffs to Amanda and she secured Courtney's hands to the wrought iron head board. In doing so, Amanda straddled Courtney and leaned down over her face to secure her wrists. Amanda's nipples pressed against Courtney's mouth which she indulged herself with a gentle lick.

Alex and Amanda then went to either side of Courtney and began their tongue explorations of Courtney's body. They began with her ears, down her neck and worked towards her breasts. Alex watched Amanda work, wondering how she would respond to tasting her friends body. 

Amanda clearly enjoyed what she was doing as evidenced when she found Courtney's nipple. She rolled Courtney's nipple in her teeth, teased it with her tongue and gently massaged her breast with her hand. Amanda seemed to lose her self in Courtney's body and worked across her chest to the breast Alex was working on. He slid out of the way and let Amanda explore on her own.

Courtney was responding to Amanda's work and began to breath heavily, moan and squirm under the restraints of the cuffs, clearing wanting to touch Amanda's body in return. Amanda worked down Courtney's firm tummy, towards her hips and Alex noticed Courtney voluntarily spread her legs to reveal her wet, shaved pussy. A pussy Alex had the pleasure of tasting and fucking already. He wanted to see what Amanda would do with it. Alex's cock was very hard and aching to fuck either of them but he would wait knowing his time would come. 

Amanda bypassed Courtney's pussy and worked down her leg, tasting and teasing down to her feet, sucking her toes and working back towards Courtney's dripping snatch. As Amanda again drew near Courtney's pussy, Alex whispered in to Courtney's ear. He said, "that is Amanda doing all the work." Courtney's called out to Amanda to fuck her, "suck my pussy Amanda, make me cum." 

Amanda's tongue swirled around Courtney's pussy, testing it, teasing it and eventually tasting it. Like an expert lesbian, Amanda worked Courtney's pussy into a frenzy. Between her tongue and fingers, Courtney's fought against the cuffs and gyrated her hips and thrust her pussy into Amanda's face. Amanda continued as an orgasm surged through Courtney's body, hips bucking as she called out Amanda's name. 

Coming down from the orgasm, Amanda gave no rest to Courtney as she kept working her pussy over. A finger placed perfectly inside of Courtney's pussy put her right back over the top as she nibbled and licked Courtney's clit. Another orgasm exploded through Courtney's body, even stronger then the first. 

Amanda sat up and licked her lips as pussy juice coated her face and chin, almost as much as Alex's jizz did early. Alex told Amanda to kiss Courtney, which she graciously did, allowing Courtney a taste of her own pussy cum. Amanda clasped a hand on Courtney's chin and buried her tongue deep in her mouth. Alex looked down between Courtney's legs and a puddle of pussy juice was soaking the bed and coated her inner thighs and shaved pussy.

Without saying a word, the lesbian fuck fest continued between Amanda and Courtney. Amanda removed the blindfold and released the cuffs. Courtney flipped Amanda over on her back and for the first time, Alex got to see Amanda's pussy in full view. She had a neatly shaved square of dark pubic hair surrounding a set of beautiful pussy lips. Her pussy hair was glistening with juices and her inner thighs glistened with her love liquid. 

With Amanda on her back, Courtney positioned her face over Amanda's and kissed her forehead. With Courtney's long hair, Alex could not see the movement of Courtney's tongue around Amanda's face nor the long, lip locked kiss. Courtney worked down Amanda's body, sucking up every inch. Amanda let out a grunt and groan as Courtney aggressively nibbled each of Amanda's nipples. 

The hungry Courtney had a destination in mind and it was Amanda's hot, wet cunt. Courtney was intent on returning the favor. She wasted no time getting to her destination and Alex watched as the two friends were locked in the classic 69 embrace. 

With Amanda on the bottom on her back, legs spread wide to allow Courtney to lap up every ounce of Amanda's womanhood. Courtney's head worked around and around, clearly enjoying the buffet. Alex watched as Amanda continued to feast on Courtney's pussy, probing a finger in and out of her pussy and even her ass. 

Alex let the two newly christened lesbians enjoy themselves for a while and his throbbing cock could not wait. He had the position and view he had long desired. He had often exchanged teasing text messages with Courtney about wanting to fuck her in the ass. His opening came from the way Amanda finger fucked her butt as she ate out her pussy. 

Alex oiled his cock and positioned himself over Amanda's face with his balls dangling over her. He had shaved his cock and balls and Amanda could not resist mixing licks of his balls with licking Courtney's pussy. Courtney's butthole was clearly wet from Amanda's constant probing. Between the oil on his cock and pussy juice already in and around her butthole, Alex wasted no time at all and met no resistance in ramming his cock into Courtney's butt. 

Courtney was so absorbed in sucking her friends pussy and having her pussy abused over and over that she barely noticed having her butt violated for the first time. She briefly lifted her head and mumbled an almost muted, "oh, yeah, fuck my ass."

Alex pounded Courtney's butt, inserting the full length of his cock and while balls bounced against her pussy. Amanda was clearly enjoying having Courtney's pussy in her mouth, Alex's balls on Courtney's pussy and his cock in her butt. Several orgasms had passed through both Amanda and Courtney prior to Alex sodomizing Courtney's ass. 

Having a cock in her butt and a tongue on her clit put her over the top in the most explosive orgasm of the evening for Courtney. Her aggressive grinding on Amanda's cunt put Amanda over the top. The room filled with the smell of sex. 

Alex could not wait and could feel his own orgasm coming fast. His mind racing, he wanted to cream up Courtney's butt and also down Amanda's throat again. He came very quickly and the first wad shot up Courtney's butt, filling her with his love cream. He pulled out of her butt and kept the tip of his cock aimed at her butt hole. Four more large shots of cum squirted on Courtney's butt hole and dripped down over her cunt and was anxiously devoured by Amanda.

Alex stepped away and watched as Courtney rolled off of Amanda and on to her back. Amanda just laid there, licking Alex and Courtney's cum off her lips, her legs still spread wide revealing her drenched pussy and swollen lips. Her chest heaved with heavy breath, her eyes closed. 

Next to her, Courtney's sex soaked body was slowly coming down from the intense fuck fest. She could feel the cum dripping out of her butt as she, too, licked her lips of Amanda's love juice. The room was quiet save for the breathing of two love locked lesbian friends and their fuck boy toy. The scent of sex was intoxicating. 

After a moment, Courtney leaned over to Amanda and whispered into her ear. A smile spread across Amanda's face and they both got up off the bed, slowly, as their legs trembled from the frequency and intensity of the orgasms.

Once off the bed, the two girls directed Alex to lay down on the bed. His cock had come down slightly after two huge orgasms but retained some stiffness. With Alex on his back, Courtney and Amanda began to explore his body with their tongues. 

With Courtney caressing one of his nipples, Amanda soaked up a long, passionate kiss with Alex. Alex loved the taste of her pussy coated tongue. After the kiss, Amanda whispered in to his ear, "I have always wanted to kiss you." 

Amanda joined Courtney further down Alex's body and began to work over his cock, bringing it back to life. Both of their tongues danced over his cock licking it, tasting his shaved balls and even probing his butt hole with a finger or a tongue. They enjoyed the absence of any pubic hair and allowed each of them to deep throat his cock. And to have their tongues lock together in passion.

In unison, the two sex slaves broke away from lusting Alex's cock with their mouths and went to work in other ways. Courtney straddled Alex, taking his cock and inserting it into her still throbbing, soaked pussy. A guttural groan escaped Courtney's lips as the full length of Alex's cock entered her pussy. She began a rhythmic rocking on his cock, grinding it against her swollen clit, easily her cunt was dripping wet. 

Meanwhile, Amanda straddled Alex's face, lowering her hot pussy on to his face. She positioned her knees such that her pussy was in perfect position for Alex to indulge in. Before he began to tongue fuck her snatch, he absorbed the sexually intense scent of Amanda's womanhood. 

He flicked his tongue on and around her clit. Probed the length of her lips and let her juices drip over his lips and down his throat. Just as Courtney was grinding her pussy on Alex's cock, Amanda ground her pussy on his face. The two new lesbian lovers leaned forward and with their hands on each other's tits, they kissed deeply and passionately, forming the perfect human love triangle. 
