 Broken Dates

"What do you think?" asked Lana as she modeled her new dress in front of her husband. The emerald satin fabric hugged her wasp like figure and the low cut neck line accentuated her large breasts. She had just finished styling her long auburn hair into sexy curls that rolled half way down her back. She had eyes the color of green glass, rimmed in a thin application of eyeliner. 

"Very nice." said Ethan. 

Her husband was of medium build, dressed in gray slacks and a white button up and gray vest. His hair was cut short and tidy complementing his runners physique. The cornflower blue tie he wore matched his eyes. 

"You don't look so bad yourself." she said, straightening the knot on his tie and leaning up on tip toes to give him a kiss. "Although I think it would look better on the floor." She kissed him deeper. They were both just over thirty and had been together since college, but they never really got out of the honeymoon phase in their relationship. A fact that many of their friends envied. 

She leaned hard into him, pinning him against the back of the couch and rubbed a hand up and down his stiffening member. 

"Mmmm," he moaned lightly into her before pulling away. "That sounds wonderful, but considering it just took you two hours to get ready I don't think we have time if we're going to make our reservation. We can always do this afterward." 

She pouted. "I guess you're right."

Lana pulled away from her husband reluctantly. Normally he came home covered in sawdust and sweat from his construction job, so seeing him clean cut and dressed to the nines hit a special place for her and he knew it.

Climbing into their car they made their way to their favorite restaurant. A fusion place downtown that had some of the best Southwestern and Japanese food in town. They were meeting an old friend of theirs from college, Jason, and his girlfriend, Kathy. 

Ethan and Jason were old pot-head buddies back during their freshman year in college and would spend countless hours baking out in Jason's studio apartment. Lana was Jason's tutor, somehow keeping his grades afloat through the haze of marijuana. Somewhere among their mutual friends Lana and Ethan met and within a year they were engaged. Ethan credited Jason for introducing them.

After college Jason went his own direction and joined the military, spending a few years away from home before returning last year and pursuing his interest in news media. The trio had been catching up ever since, and when Jason got himself a girlfriend Lana was thrilled that they finally had a couple to double date with. 

When the happy couple pulled into the parking lot Ethan pulled out his phone and called his old buddy. After a few rings Lana overheard the other line pick up. "Hey Jay, we just got here..." Suddenly Ethan looked crestfallen and stopped walking. "Whoa, seriously? What happened?" Lana stopped too and watched as her husband listened in before turning to her and whispering "Him and Kathy just broke up. It sounds bad." 

"Oh no!" said Lana.

"Well... yeah I understand if you can't make it... We'll manage on-" his voice was cut short as Lana snatched the phone away from her husband.

"Jason?" she said into the phone. 

"Hey, Lana." said Jason in a tired voice. "Sorry I won't be joining you guys tonight. Kathy just stormed out and-"

"No." said Lana sternly.

"No?" Jason asked, confused. Even Ethan looked puzzled.

"Yeah, I said 'no'. I've been looking forward to this date all week and I even bought a new sexy dress for it. If I know you, and I do, you're going to spend the rest of the night in front of the television watching Adventure Time, crawl into a bottle, and not shower for a week."

"But I-"

"No buts. You are going to get in your car, get down here and let us pump you full of alcohol and take your mind off your problems like good friends should."

"Lana, I appreciate it, but-"

"Don't make me come get you." she cut in again. 

There was a long pause before Jason sighed. "Fine, but you're buying my shots."

"Deal."

"I don't know how you talk me into these things... I'll be there in fifteen minutes."

"Good. See you soon, Sweetheart." she said sweetly. He hung up and handed the phone back to her husband. "He'll be here shortly."

Her husband smiled and put his phone back into his pocket. "You think like a man some times."

"How's that?" she asked.

"Most females would just coo and tell him how sad it all is, and how there's more fish in the sea, yada yada yada."

Lana scoffed, but smiled at him. "Yeah, I guess, but none of that works on guys and you know it."

"True." Ethan held out his hand and Lana took it. "Lets save a spot for him." he said before the pair walked into the restaurant. 

They ordered drinks and a small appetizer of spicy tuna tar-tar to share while they waited for their friend. When he arrived twenty minutes later he looked handsome as he usually did, although thoroughly dejected. Lana stood up and gave him a big hug. "Sorry for being so terse, but I'm glad you're here."

"Yeah me too." He wrapped his arms around her waist, returning the hug and kissing her cheek. "I needed a swift kick in the ass."

"Hey." said Ethan, giving his old buddy a manly hug, patting his back before they all sat back down. The waitress came around and brought Jason a double gin and tonic. "We figured you'd want one." said Ethan.

"Thanks. Glad to see you remember my taste." said Jason, sipping his drink. 

The trio ordered their food before Lana asked the question that was on her mind. "So, what happened with Kathy? You two were so cute together."

"Yeah." said Jason, taking a big swig of his drink and holding it up high so the waitress saw he needed another. "You two know how I'm trying to get some serious experience on my resume so a big paper like The New York Times will notice me?" The couple nodded. "Well, I was offered to go with a group to help cover the drug war south of the boarder and I accepted the offer. We leave in a month."

Lana's emotions were torn. It was a fantastic opportunity and Jason deserved it, but it was also extremely dangerous. "That's wonderful, assuming there's safety precautions." she said.

He waved his hand dismissively. "Of course. The provide security and I just heard back from a grant to get money for some Kevlar. I'd be about as safe as I could be."

"Well that's good." said Ethan. 

"That's what I said!" said Jason. "Kathy knew what line of work I was pursuing when she met me, but lately it's been difficult to spend time with her with all the work I've had to do, and I guess this was just the last straw. She told me she'd had enough and stormed out of my apartment about an hour ago."

Lana sighed. "Well, I can see where she would have some concerns, but like you said she knew this before you two started dating. It would be unfair of her to want you to change." 

Ethan nodded in agreement. "Yeah, still sucks though."

Jason sighed heavily. "Alright, lets change the subject."

For the rest of the evening the couple bought their somber friend drink upon drink while they ate their food. Lana ordered something called Taco-Tako, a seared combination of octopus and sweet peppers, her favorite. While the men each ordered broiled tuna with avocado and cilantro sauce. The trio shared a large carafe of hot sake while they made small talk about Lana's flower shop and Ethan's contractor business. 

Some time in between the entree and the desert Jason excused himself for a cigarette, leaving the pair at the table to finish their coffee. Lana watched their friend walk towards the door with a bit of wobble in his step. The amount of alcohol he'd had would have put most people on the floor, but thankfully Jason maintained the level of 'happy drunk.'

"Mission success, I think." said Lana, who was only mildly tipsy from the sake. 

Ethan shook his head. "Nah. If I know him, he's putting on a show for our behalf. He's still hurting quite a bit."

"Oh..." said Lana, looking disappointed. "I thought we had cheered him up."

"We did a bit, but..." Ethan looked over to his wife and smiled wickedly.

"What?" she asked when she noticed him staring.

"Did I ever tell you that Jason had the wickedest crush on you back in the day? He still does, but never made any sort of move out of respect for me." he said and smirked.

"You never told me, but I knew." She blushed slightly. "I really had a crush on him too, but you asked me out before him and I never looked back. I think I made out well in the deal." she said, giving her husband a sexy once-over. "I did good."

"Oh, I'm not complaining either." he said, shooting her a charming smile. "But I think that if you paid him some attention tonight, it would certainly perk him up."

Lana considered it. She knew that her husband had some threesome experience back before she met him, but it surprised her to hear him say what she had been debating herself. "How much attention?" she asked, testing her boundaries. 

He shrugged. "Have fun."

"Really?"

"Yeah, he could use it and I know for a fact that you're not going anywhere. I mean don't be too obvious. Just toy with him a bit and see if it goes anywhere." he said, before making a shush face as Jason came back to the table. 

The trio made small talk while they finished their coffee. The bill came and Ethan paid the whole thing, much to Jason's chagrin. "Thanks." he said after he realized that there was no way his friend was going to let him input a dime. "I pay for the next outing then."

"Fine." said Ethan. "Well the night is still young and we I've got some home brew back at the house I'm dying to break out. You down?"

Jason shrugged. "It's either that or I go home and pass out. I'm down."

When they got to the parking lot Jason pulled his keys out of his pocket and fumbled with them to find the one to his car. Before he found the right one they were snatched out of his hand by a sober Ethan. "I don't think so. You're riding with us. I'll drive you to your car in the morning."

Jason opened his mouth to argue, but thought better of it. "Yeah, you're probably right." he said and followed his friend back to the car. He flopped down in the back seat and to his surprise Lana crawled in after him. "Don't you want to ride up front with your hubbie?" he asked.

She buckled up and stretched out in the large back seat. "I ride up front all the time. Tonight I feel like getting chauffeured around a bit. Besides, I don't want you nodding off back here before we get home."

Jason shrugged. "Suit yourself." he said, sprawling out himself. 

As they started driving Lana turned to Jason. "Tell me more about this job you're going on. What made you pick the drug war as your project?"

Jason perked up. "I just feel like its a critical issue and people just aren't covering it the way it should be. I'm not sure why the public isn't being made more aware of the atrocities going on just outside American soil." he paused. "And honestly, I just want to feel like I did something that mattered. I never saw any combat during my time in the military, and I really would like to see some action. Something to get my adrenaline flowing and do some good while I'm at it."

Lana nodded. "That's very noble of you, but I hope you're up to it." She casually put a hand on his knee. She saw him glance down at her when she did it, but his eyes returned to hers quickly. "I may not be your girlfriend, but you're dear to me. I would rather not loose you to a bunch of trigger happy drug dealers."

"Ditto." said Ethan from the front seat. 

Jason smiled as they pulled into the driveway. "I appreciate your concern."

"Do you have any plans for a going away party?" asked Lana, her hand sliding ever so slightly higher up his thigh. 

"Not to my knowledge." said Jason, glancing back down to her hand. He was still rather inebriated, but he was certain she had done that on purpose. 

"Hmm... well we'll just have to celebrate your new opportunity tonight then." said Lana as the car turned off. Releasing his leg she turned and slid off the leather seat and out of the car. 

As she did her dress rode up enough for her to give him the smallest flash of skin and her black thong before gravity pulled the green fabric back down. Jason bit his lip and adjusted himself in his khaki's before sliding out himself. 

When the three of them entered the house Ethan led them downstairs to the basement he had renovated into a bar. Pulling out some chilled glasses he asked Jason, "Ale or lager?" 

"Uhh, lager. Thanks." said Jason. 

Ethan poured his friend a tall beer and skid it down the lacquered wood to him. Jason took a sip and raised his eyebrow. "Oh wow, that's really good. You make this?"

"Yeah." he said pouring two more. "Lana bought the brew kit for me for our first anniversary and I've been hooked every since."

"Good shit. I may have to get one myself when I get back. You promise to teach me how to make something this good?"

"Sure. It's really not that difficult." said Ethan, taking a big swig of his own beverage.

"Hey, Babe," said Lana, "Don't you have a book upstairs that has some tips for beginners." she winked.

Ethan caught the hint. "Yeah, I think I do. Be right back." he said sliding out from behind the bar and heading up the stairs. 

Lana sipped her beer and said "Join me on the couch, would you?" Picking up her glass she walked over to the plush, tan leather piece of furniture. Jason brought his beer over and sat down on the middle cushion besides her. She bent over and tried to untie the cloth that held her four inch heels on. "Damn this knot. Do you mind?" she said leaning on the arm rest and stretching her long legs out to her friend. "I'm rubbish with knots." 

He hesitated for a moment, wondering if he should. Lana may have rubbed his leg earlier innocently, but he thought that Ethan might be jealous if he downstairs to see his woman's assets sprawled across another man. 

"Please?" she asked coyly. 

Well, she did ask nicely. Hopefully Ethan wouldn't mind. "Sure."

Finding the joint to the knot easy enough he had the ribbons undone in no time and Lana kicked the heels off with a happy moan. "That's so much better." she flexed her toes. "Could I bother you for a foot rub?" He hesitated again. She persuaded him by digging the ball of her heel into his thigh, the movement of her leg causing her dress to slide up her leg. The black lace of her panties flashed for an instant again. "Pleeassssseee? I promise to return the favor some day."

"Promise?" Jason asked, now sucking on the inside of his own lip. He sincerely hoped she didn't notice the hard on she was giving him. If she moved her foot an inch to his right she'd feel it straining in his khakis.

"Promise." she said. He started to rub her feet, lacking any experience he made up for it with his strong grip. "Mmmm, thank you. That feels good. Kathy's missing out not having you around any more."

"I guess so." he said, trying not stare too obviously at the flesh of her exposed inner thigh. With the exception of her occasional, soft moans for the next minute the basement was quiet. 

Wiggling her toes, Lana broke the silence. "Ethan tells me you had a crush on me back in the day."

"You bet I did." The alcohol in Jason's system had all but obliterated his verbal filter and was starting to work its way into his inhibitions as well. "You were way out of my league. I was just some pot head going for his associates degree, while you actually had a plan in life and did things like study and homework."

"You and Ethan weren't that different you know. He just asked me out first." she said, sipping her beer. "Why'd you stop?"

Jason was frozen, looking up at her. "So what you're saying is, if I had asked you out first you might have said yes?"

"Might nothin'. I would have definitely said yes." she said, shifting further down and rubbing the bulge in his pants with her lower calf. He groaned and ran his hands further up her smooth leg. "You would be the one I'd be waking up with oral after you spent the night fucking me. Maybe then it would be Ethan sitting on this couch, rubbing my feet, and stealing glances up my dress."

Sliding his hand up her skin to her hips he shifted his position so he was grinding into her core through his pants. He could feel the heat radiating off her. "What else would Ethan be doing?" He wanted her to say it. Hearing his sweet, assertive, little bookworm saying the word 'fucking' had already gotten him almost painfully hard.

"Well..." she said sensually, sliding further down towards him. "I think he would compliment me a bit before kissing me." She glanced down at his lips as he licked them. All while she pulled his shirt out of his khaki's, running her nails along his sides as she did. 

He ran his hands up the sides of her abs, over the fabric, and cupped her DD breasts through her dress. "You have the nicest tits I've ever seen." 

"That'll do." she said before leaning forward and slowly kissing him, sucking lightly on his lower lip. She could feel the vibrations of his moan through his chest into hers. She moved her hands up to his face, rubbing against the scruff of his well trimmed beard before running her fingers through his hair, scratching his scalp with her nails.

Not able to stand it any more he pushed further into his kiss and began to explore her mouth with his tongue, which she returned eagerly. He pulled away for a brief second. "What else would Ethan do?"

It was then he saw her eyes shift to the spot in the couch behind him. A sudden chill went up his spine as he turned to look over his shoulder, seeing Ethan lounging on the chair near the far side of the couch, leaning on one hand and watching eagerly.

Jason never even heard him coming down the stairs. 

For a split second he debated pulling away and apologizing profusely, hoping that his old friend wouldn't beat the shit out of him. But being a journalist taught him how to read body language and Ethan's posture was anything but shocked and angry. If anything it screamed aroused interest.

Jason pressed his chest into Lana's torso and hungrily mouthed her collar bone, testing the waters in front of her husband. "You're wife is quite the hostess." said Jason as Ethan grinned, sipping a cocktail and rubbing himself through his own dress pants. 

"That she is." He smirked. "I believe the question was 'What would Ethan do?'"

"Mm hmm." Lana hummed. "Why don't you tell him, Babe."

Ethan feigned a ponderous expression. "I think I would roll over so I was on my back and let my wife pull my pants down."

Jason accommodated his friends pseudo-orders by reluctantly crawling off the radiating heat of his friend's wife and leaning back over the opposite arm rest. Lana leaned over, showing off her ample cleavage as she unbuttoned Jason's leather belt, unzipping his pants, and pulling them down his legs and discarding them near the coffee table. He was wearing dark gray boxer briefs that left little to the imagination regarding the bulge beneath the thin cotton. 

Lifting his bottom up for further access, Jason eagerly pulled the remaining fabric down and kicking them away. All this allowing his eight inch member spring free. It was well trimmed, smooth, and had a nice swollen head on it. "Oh." Lana whispered, surprised. "You've got a beautiful cock." 

Jason wiggled his eyebrows. "Now who's complimenting." he said, stroking himself slowly. "Now what?" Jason asked his old friend who had already discarded his own pants, fondling his own member to a similar rhythm. 

While Jason discarded his shirt as well Ethan said, "My wife would ask me to help unzip her dress before she bent over and blew me." 

The thought itself made Jason's dick twitch. 
