 The Introduction: This is the story of Lori and Carl (and Aimee). Several years ago, I was required to do a paper for a Human Sexuality class I was taking in school. I had the opportunity to interview a young couple whose marriage seemed to be perfect. The story is a true story with the names being changed, of course.

*

Aimee: I met Lori when I took a part time job at a local department store in town. I had interviewed with the General Manager and I hadn't met her until I arrived for my first day of work. She was the department head in the lady's department and I was assigned to work with her. I remember being mesmerized the first time I laid eyes on her.

Lori was strikingly beautiful, tall and slender with short, dark brown hair. She looked like she could be a model. I was surprised to learn that she had two small children. Her body was nearly perfect.

My first day went smoothly. I worked diligently trying to impress my new boss. Towards the end of the shift, we were able to work together folding down the clothing that had been tossed about by the shoppers that day.

Did I mention I was bi-sexual?

I guess that may have been somewhat obvious by the way I was describing Lori.

She really is a hot woman. We were able to chat some while we were folding the clothes and putting things away. She told me about her husband and her two kids. Her brown eyes glistened when she spoke of them. Those children were her pride and joy. I could tell that she was a great mother by some of the things she was telling me.

I told her about my boyfriend, Danny. I like him a lot but to be honest, I am not sold on the fact that he could be my partner for life. Don't get me wrong though. We have great sex and he really treats me well. I do have one slight problem in that I am, and always have been, attracted to women.

The more we talked, the more I was feeling an attraction to her. She was working across the table from me and every time she leaned over the table, I found myself taking peeks at her cleavage. I wouldn't dare let on that I had feelings towards her because we had just met that day. I finally did tell her I was bi during our conversation, trying to elicit a reaction. She seemed almost undaunted by the revelation. It is something that I am not ashamed of.

It wasn't very long before I decided that I was going to make a play for Lori at some point. She was the forbidden fruit, so to speak. She was married and significantly older than I was, which I am sure, added to the attraction. I knew I had to figure out a way.

Lorie: It was just another day it seemed. I had fed the kids, and gave the instructions to Carl, my husband, as I hustled out the door for work. He had just returned home from his day at the office, ready to take over the household. He is truly a good man and he loves our children dearly.

I had taken an evening job at a nearby department store to help with the finances. Carl has a good job but with the demands of a new house and children, we felt it best that I help out financially in order to alleviate any money problems down the road. I also enjoyed the time away, on my own and having my time without the demands of the kids.

Carl had no problem with doing his part. He is a great father to our children. He takes time with kids and still managed to spend plenty of time with me. He is tall, dark and handsome as the saying goes and fantastic in bed. He would pleasure me in any imaginable way. His fucking skills are next to none and it really helps that he is blessed in the size department. He knows how to please a woman orally and likes to purchase different sex toys when he gets in his experimental mood. He really keeps things interesting when it comes to sex. I was never hesitant to try a new toy out for him and he really loves to watch his woman have her orgasms. Over our six years of marriage, I had acquired quite a sex toy collection. I have multiple orgasms without much of a problem and he always enjoyed holding me in his arms while I would cum and then taking his turn fucking me when I was good and wet (as well as totally spent). Believe me, he is good and hard by then.

Anyway, that is enough about Carl for now. I am getting horny thinking about all of that.

Getting back on track with my story, I had been working at the store for about a year. Eventually, I was promoted to a department head position. I liked my job and like I said before, the money helped.

Then out of the blue, on one particular day at work, my life was going to change forever.

The store manager introduced a young girl to me and told me that I would be training her to work in my department. She introduced herself as Aimee and she had a beautiful smile. She was a very attractive girl and she seemed very excited and full of youthful exuberance.

She was a good worker and it appeared as though she was trying extra hard to please me. She asked at the end of the shift if she was doing okay and I assured her she was doing a fine job.

After the store closed for the night, I was driving home and thinking about her and how she was so anxious to please. It was a refreshing change from some of the others working at the store. I couldn't help thinking about the fact that she told me she was bi-sexual. I wouldn't think that anyone would be sharing something like that with someone they had just met. Maybe she felt that I should know about it.

I turned into the driveway and parked the car. Carl was waiting for me at the door. He asked me about my evening and I told him about the new girl in my department. I intentionally left out the part about her being bi. I felt that he really didn't need to know about her personal life. Maybe I was holding that out for a reason, I really didn't know for sure.

After a brief chat about the events of the day, I took a hot shower and changed into a t-shirt and panties for bed. As I was showering, I couldn't get the thought of Aimee out of my head. My soapy fingers spent a bit more time than usual between my legs. She seemed like such a sweet girl, so comfortable with her sexuality.

That night, after climbing into bed, I asked Carl to go down on me. I needed to get off in a bad way and finish what I had started while showering. While he was eating my pussy, I closed my eyes and imagined that it was Aimee's tongue. I had a huge orgasm and several of what I like to refer to as "leveling-off' orgasms while imagining that it was her between my legs, pleasing me.

Afterwards, I took his cock in my mouth and began sucking. While I was mouth-fucking him, I fingered myself to yet another orgasm. After a relatively short period of time, I felt the first wave of his cum hit the back of my throat. I began to gag and pulled my mouth away as he spewed his load over my face, neck, and breasts. That guy always could shoot one hell of a load.

He got up and brought me a warm washcloth. I wiped up his cum as he watched. He had a sly, satisfied grin on his face.

He got up and checked on the kids, returning a short time later. We kissed and settled in for a good nights sleep. We both fell asleep rather quickly.

Carl: The six years, married to Lori, were the best six years of my life. She had a career as a buyer and gave it up so that we could both spend more time with our children.

She is as beautiful inside as she is in her outward appearance. It doesn't matter what she is wearing. She always looks striking. Her dark brown eyes and her short brown hair really accentuate her olive skin.

She is slender with very nice full breasts. Looking at her naked body, you wouldn't know she had given birth to our two children.

We had a very satisfying sex life. She would do just about anything to please me and I would do the same for her. She was always receptive to trying different things in bed. Her openness and willingness to satisfy my every need helped to keep things exciting for both of us in the sex department.

She especially enjoys the toys in her collection. She has everything ranging from an assortment of vibrators to ben-wa balls and all sizes and shapes of dildos. She used them all from time to time but she has her favorites, which she used on a more frequent basis. I think as long as it gets her off, it would be a favorite.

She is multi-orgasmic and she takes full advantage of it. I don't blame her for that. If I could have multiple orgasms for hours on end, I would be in heaven. I am almost jealous of her for being able to do it. Watching her face contort as she climaxes is probably the greatest turn-on a man could experience

Well, anyway, she came home from work on that night and after some idle chat, I settled in to bed. She was taking a shower and I could see her silhouette through the glass enclosure of the shower. She appeared to be spending a lot of time washing between her legs, if that was what she was doing.

When she dried and dressed, she came to me and asked me to perform oral on her. Before I even spoke, she was removing her panties and getting into bed. She propped her head up and spread her legs wide to make herself available. I reached for my pillow and she lifted up while I placed it under her ass. Now, I was ready to go to work.

She was really wet, even before my mouth went to work on her. She was quick to have her first orgasm and after that, she had several more. She was really hot that night. I don't know how many times she came. She even fingered herself to another orgasm while giving me a blowjob. This was after I was done satisfying her (or so I thought).

I fell asleep that night feeling happy that I turned her on so much that she needed that kind of release.

At breakfast the next day, she was talking about Aimee again and how much she enjoyed working with her. She told me that she was ambitious and worked hard, making her own job so much easier. I can understand that because good help is hard to find.

Aimee: A few weeks had gone by and Lori and I became quite good friends. We took our lunch and breaks together and we would chat about everything going on in our lives. She was easy to talk to and she was always eager to give me advice when I would ask for it. No subject was off limits and relationships seemed to the most popular. We just needed to vent sometimes and we were there for each other. Sometimes it is better to have someone on the outside to talk to when discussing relationships. You can be honest and allow for a different perspective.

I told her about my relationship with Danny. He always treated me well and most importantly, at least from my view; he is one hell of a fuck. He is a bit immature sometimes but I can be too. We are both quite spontaneous which allowed for an interesting partnership. From my perspective, the only thing that was lacking in our relationship is the one thing he could not provide. After all, he is a man.

On one particular day at work, an old girlfriend of mine was shopping at the store and saw me. She came over and gave me a big hug and a kiss on the cheek. We talked for a while and Lori made her way over. I guess it was her way of telling me to get back to work. I introduced Lori to Andrea and after a bit of small talk, Lori walked away.

Andrea took the opportunity to invite me over to her parent's house where she still lived while she was going to school. She told me that her parents were in Cancun for the week and she had the house to herself. I couldn't pass up this offer so I told her I would most likely be there a little after 10:00 that night. She got a big smile on her face, hugged me, and left.

When I returned to my work, Lori walked over and asked me who Andrea was. I told her she was an old friend from my high school days and that I hadn't seen her in a while. I told her that she had invited me over tonight that I had accepted.

A bit later, Lori and I took our break and headed for the break room. I called Danny and told him that I was going out after work to have a bite to eat with Lori and would be home later. He told me he couldn't wait and that he was in the mood for some real loving. I told him not to wait up for me and I would wake him when I got home.

When I was finished on the phone, Lori asked my why I told him that I was going out with her rather than telling the truth. I told her that if I told him I was going to Andrea's house, he would ask too many questions. 

I decided to tell her why I was going. I told her that Andrea was my best friend all through school and we used to have a whole lot of sleepovers. They started out innocently enough but developed into a sexual relationship. We learned how to please each other sexually and gave each other countless nights of pleasure. If only our parents had known, they would have put a stop to the sleeping over in a real hurry. As it was, they never suspected and we were satisfying each other just about every weekend and in the summer, during the day, when no one was home. She gave me more orgasms than any partner I have ever had, by far. 

Lori wasn't saying a word. Her mouth was partially open as she listened intently to what I was saying. She then asked me if I was going to make love to Andrea tonight and I told her it was the primary reason I was going. Andrea had told me that she needed a woman's love and neither of us have had that in a while.

The work shift ended a short while later. We punched out and headed to our cars in the parking lot. As we approached our vehicles, I turned to Lori and gave her a hug. It was a quick hug, nothing too extensive and I asked her to wish me luck. She did, and we got in our cars and drove away.

Lori: I met an old lover of Aimee's. She was not what you would call beautiful but she was somewhat attractive. She was very well endowed and maybe a little overweight. She seemed nice enough. She didn't strike me as being Aimee's type but what do I know about that?

Aimee was going to her house after work to reignite an old flame. I was taken back a bit when she told me all about her plans for the night. I must admit that I was feeling a bit jealous of Andrea.

I didn't know exactly what my feelings toward Aimee were. I have never had lesbian tendencies as far as I know but it seems as though some were starting to develop towards her. I was getting horny on the drive home, thinking of the two of them together. As crazy as it seems, I wished it were I making love to Aimee instead of Andrea.

The more I thought about it, the hornier I was getting. I reached down and put my hand between my legs, pressing against the fabric of my slacks. This was just making me even more uncomfortable. At the first traffic light I came to, I unbuttoned and lowered the zipper on my pants. I was able to loosen them enough to slide my fingers under the waistband of my panties and to my waiting pussy. I fingered my clit gently, but deliberately, as I drove. This was one time that I wished that I had my mini-massager in my purse. It felt good but I definitely needed to cum.

When I got home, I refastened my slacks. A bit frustrated by the arousal without release, I gathered my things, locked the car door and headed to the house. Once inside, I found a note on the kitchen table. It was from Carl and it said that he was tired and had gone to bed. It said he loved me and would see me in the morning. There I was, alone in the kitchen with a soaking wet pussy. I needed to get off and my partner was sleeping.

I went to our bedroom and turned on the light in the walk-in closet. There, I changed into a t-shirt and removed my pants. I walked back to the bed and Carl was still sleeping soundly. What was a girl to do? 

I left the room and headed to the family room where I turned on the television. After flipping through the channels for a few minutes and finding nothing of interest, I decided to check out my husband's porn collection. I found a DVD that had a picture of a lesbian scene on the back of the box. I took it out of the box and put it in the player. Sitting on the couch with remote in hand, I forwarded it to a scene where two women were getting it on.

I watched intently as a busty blonde was eating out a petite brunette who was sitting in a large chair with her legs spread wide apart. I marveled at the way she wagged her tongue over and around the girl's genitals. This was getting me hotter by the minute. The brunette was in pure ecstasy by the look on her face as she squeezed at her own nipples while having an obvious orgasm. I replayed the scene again and watched the close-up of the blonde's tongue at work. She sure knew what she was doing. It drove me nuts just watching her do it.

After about a half an hour of watching this go on, I could barely take it any longer. I needed relief badly. I got up, turned off the TV and removed the DVD from the player, put it away and headed to bed.

When I got there, Carl was sound asleep. I know that once he falls into a deep sleep, he is a very sound sleeper. I checked one more time to make sure he was asleep and went straight to the closet and returned with my electric vibrator. I plugged it into the outlet beside the bed and removed my panties. Pulling back the sheets, I slid into bed with the vibrator ready to go. I propped my head up on the pillow and settled back for a much needed release. The blankets muffled the familiar humming of the vibrator as I moved the bulbous head into position. In my mind, I replayed the images of the two women in the movie and imagined it was Aimee making love to me. I teased at my nipples with the fingertips of one hand while manipulating the vibe with the other, working myself to a controlled frenzy. It wasn't long before I had my first, very powerful orgasm. It was all I could do to remain silent as the waves of pleasure pulsed through my body. It was understandable that it was going to be a real treat as I had been building up to it all evening. I lay still in the afterglow for a few minutes and then moved the still humming vibrator back into position. In a very short period of time, I was having another wonderful climax. I turned the vibrator up to the high setting and repeated this several more times until I was feeling completely spent and could not cum any more. I tried for several minutes to have just one more, but it just wasn't happening. My mind said "yes" but my numbed clitoris said "enough". 

Carl was still fast asleep so I crawled out of bed and on very wobbly legs, returned the vibrator to its familiar hiding place in the closet. I climbed back into bed with just my t-shirt on and with my back turned towards him, fell fast asleep.

Carl: Lori was starting to worry me. Sometimes she seemed distant and preoccupied about something. I guess there were a few things that I had noticed that concerned me somewhat.

For instance, she began wearing sexier outfits to work. She is all about looking good but I sensed that there was more to it than that. She started wearing lower cut tops and tighter slacks and making sure her makeup was perfect. She definitely was spending more time primping than she had in recent years. She always looks so perfect anyway so I really don't want to think about the reason she was spending the extra time trying to look even sexier. 

I had spent the better part of a week trying to figure out whom she was trying to impress. I even took several trips to store to check out the people working there. With the kids in tow, I would go up and down the aisles pretending to shop for nothing in particular. I never saw anyone that I thought she might be attracted to and started to believe that maybe it was my imagination getting the best of me.

Most of the guys working there were much older or they were teenagers in school working part time. I was beginning to believe my concerns were unwarranted.

While I was at the store, I would always stop to talk with Lori. She couldn't talk very long as she was always busy and she was usually training somebody or waiting on customers. There was one very attractive girl in particular that stood out. Her name was Aimee. She was very friendly and outgoing made a big fuss over the kids. She seemed to connect with them quite easily and they took a liking to her immediately.
