 Shirley has been wanting to see Carl again after her night of fun with him and Wally. I told her it was cool with me if see saw him again. So she called him and set up a diner date with him. She left home that evening and came home late that night.

I was in bed looking at tv when she came in the room. She walked over to the side of the bed and gave me a kiss, she took my hand and put it under her dress between her legs into her cunt. It was sloppy wet. She smiled at me and said that she was full of cum, and that she wanted me to add my cum to it.

Shirley told me to strip off my tee and shorts and she quickly got undressed. She jumped in the bed and grabbed hold of my cock. She started giving me details of her night. Telling me how she had dinner with Carl then they had gone to a local motel. She said Carl was more confident this time and that he had tried to wear her pussy out.

The whole time she's telling me this my cock is getting hard and I'm getting horny as hell. She then tells me that she talked to Carl about me having sex with guys sometime and that we would love to have a threesome with him. She said it took a little coaxing, like her sucking his big cock, but she finally got him to agree to meet both of us.

Shirley kissed me and gave my cock a squeeze and asked me if I would ever consider eating her pussy that was full of another man's cum. I looked at her thinking that I know she doesn't want me to do that, but she put that pleading look on her face, and I knew that I would end up doing it.

She slowly started pushing my head down, I was ready to stop but I knew I couldn't, when I was now with my face right there in front on her sloppy cunt, I just went for it. I stuck my tongue out and did one small quick lick. It did taste different but it wasn't all that bad either, so I licked it again, but as I was doing it Shirley pushed my face in against her, and I just continued to lick and suck on her.

Shirley started moaning and telling me to eat her pussy, soon she was bucking under me and moaning. She then grabbed my head and had such a great orgasm. I moved back and lay down looking at her, she grabbed my face and pulled me to her and gave a me a big kiss, telling me how much she loved me.

Shirley then started licking my chest, and worked her way down until she was licking my cock. She lifted it and started licking my balls, she then sucked one into her mouth, and I was going crazy almost ready to cum.

I couldn't take any more, I pushed Shirley down on her back and jumped on top of her. We both were reaching for my cock to guide it into her. Once I was in, I only had one mission, and that was driving my cock as hard and as far up into her as I could get.

It didn't take long, Shirley and I both came quickly. I rolled off of her and she leaned over gave me a kiss and went to shower. I don't remember when she came out I was sleep. The next morning she said I was a dynamo last night, and maybe she should go out more often.

Shirley had held Carl off for a couple of weeks, she had talked to him some on the phone but said she was busy, so she couldn't meet up with him. When she finally told him that she could meet him, he was willing to do almost anything to fuck her again, just what she wanted, she wanted to see him taking my cock up his ass.

We invited Carl to dinner on Saturday night and he arrived early, I opened the door for him and invited him in, I could tell he was nervous, but I led him in to the kitchen and got him a beer. Shirley was still upstairs getting dressed. Carl and I talked sports until we heard Shirley coming down the stairs. When she came into the room she looked so sexy I think Carl stopped breathing for a second. She had on a dress with thin shoulder straps and you could see she didn't have on a bra. The drees was short barely coming to the middle of her thigh. She didn't have on stockings and had on a pair of gladiator sandals that accented her great legs.

I smiled at her and she walked over and gave Carl a kiss on the cheek. I had the dining room table set and told them to go and sit down. I opened a bottle of wine and we sat down and had a enjoyable meal. We killed off 2 bottles of wine before we got up from the table, and we went down to the rec room. I had set the tv up so that as soon as I turned it on it was showing porn, on the screen were 2 couples, the women were sucking the men's cocks.

Shirley and Carl were sitting on the sofa, and Shirley was rubbing Carl's cock thru his pants. Carl had pulled the top of Shirley's dress down and was rubbing one of her breast as he watched the tv. On the tv now the women had switched with the men, and one man was sucking the other man's cock. Carl was still looking as if in a trance. 

Shirley called me over to them, and started to unzip my pants and pulled out my cock. She then took Carl's hand off her breast and put it on my cock. Carl didn't pull his hand away and Shirley kissed him and whispered for him to start stroking it. Carl gently grabbed my cock and started stroking it.

Shirley was rubbing Carl's cock thru his pants and he was sporting a real boner. The front of his pants were tented up. Shirley unzipped his pants and reached in and pulled out his large cock. Carl was still stroking on my cock, and Shirley leaned over and took Carl's cock into her mouth. Carl let out a soft moan when Shirley did this. Shirley looked up at me and smiled.

Shirley then stopped sucking Carl's cock and reached up and pulling on his shoulders pulled him over towards my cock. She was talking softly to him, telling him she wanted to see him suck on my cock. I put my hand on the back of his head and gently pulled him forward. Shirley told him to kiss my cock and he gave it a quick peck. 

Shirley kissed him and told him how hot that was, and now she wanted him to suck it. Carl leaned forward and took my cock into his mouth. Shirley told him that was great, then she leaned over and started sucking on Carl's cock. Carl let out a soft moan with my cock in his mouth. He started to really get into now and was moving his head up and down on my cock.

I held his head and started to pump into his mouth, I was fucking his mouth hard and he was gaging, but getting my cock really wet. Shirley stopped sucking him and said let's all get undressed. We stripped quickly and I looked at Carl's hot ass, it was shaped like a basketball, a sweet chocolate basketball. 

Shirley lay down on her back with her legs spread, I jumped right in putting my face right in her sweet cunt. We didn't need to tell Carl what to do he got under me and got my cock back in his mouth. I stopped licking Shirley and looked down at him and then at Shirley, we both smiled at each other

Carl was really getting in to it now, he was sucking and licking my cock, then he would lick on my balls. I was eating Shirley's pussy and she couldn't stay still, she was humping her hips all over my face. She then pushed me out of the way and pulled Carl up on top of her and guided his cock into her. I went around and squatted down with my ass over her face and my cock in Carl's face. Carl wasted no time getting my cock back into his mouth.

It wasn't long before I was ready to cum, Shirley was licking my ass and Carl sucking my cock, I shot off on Carl's face and shoulders. Shirley licked my cum on his face, then kissed him sharing my cum with him.

While Carl was fucking Shirley I went and got the lube and went behind Carl and I just started to rub on his ass getting him use to me touching him on his ass. Shirley wrapped her legs around his waist pinning him down, I put some lube on my finger and started rubbing on his ass hole, after doing this for a while I gently pushed my finger in. Carl jerked his hips but Shirley had him pinned tight. 

I started stroking my finger into his ass until it started to feel good to him, he started humping his ass to my finger strokes. Shirley kissed him and I leaned forward and kissed him on the neck. He was now moaning and bucking his ass up.

I removed my finger and lubed my cock up, then got behind him and placed my cock at his opening. Shirley still had him pinned down with her legs and she wrapped her arms around his neck, he couldn't go anywhere. I starting pushing gently into his ass, he moaned and tried to get his ass away from me but he couldn't. I pushed some more and my cock slid in just pass the head, I lay still until I could feel his ass muscles relax.

I felt Carl relax a little and I pushed in a little and stopped and waited some more, I continued like this until I was all the way in his ass. Shirley then relaxed her grips on him and moved her legs down. I started with small strokes and pretty soon Carl was raising his hips to meet my strokes. I was fucking him and looking right at Shirley, she was under Carl bucking her hips and I knew she was ready to cum.

Shirley screamed out as she had a giant orgasm, and I felt Carl's ass muscles start to squeeze my cock as he started to cum. I backed up pulling my cock out of his ass and sat down as we all took a well needed break.

My break didn't last long because Carl reached over and started playing with my cock, and then he got up and sat on my lap and reached behind and guided my cock into his ass. It was as if he had found a new toy to play with and he couldn't get enough. Carl bounced up and down on my lap with my cock sliding in and out of his ass.

Carl rode me like that for a while and I was getting ready to cum. I grabbed his hips and pulled him down hard and released my cum flooding his ass. I pushed him off of me and sat there trying to get my energy back, but Carl just couldn't stop playing with my cock. I looked at Shirley, she sat there smiling and she asked him if he liked my cock. Carl looked at her and nodded yes.

She told him to go ahead and play with it all he wanted, she said she was going up to clean up the diner dishes. I don't think Carl even heard her, she looked at me and smiled and went upstairs. I lay back and enjoyed Carl's attention to my cock.

After him doing this for a while I pulled him up to and gave him a kiss and told him I liked the way he was treating my cock, and that I wanted to fuck him again.

He smiled and leaned in and gave me a big wet kiss, my cock jumped and he smiled and was getting up to sit on my lap again, but I stopped him and pushed him down on his back and picked his legs up over my shoulders. I put the head of my cock at the opening of his ass and leaned over and gave him a kiss, as I was kissing him I pushed my cock all the way into him. He jerked back from the force of my cock sliding into him, but his ass was well lubricated from the lube and from my cum.

I started stroking into him and after a bit he was moving and bucking under me. I started stroking harder and faster and he reached down and started stroking his own cock. When he was ready to cum I kissed him and he shot cum over both of our chest, and his ass muscles squeezing my cock forced me to cum. I filled his ass with my cum.

When we got up off the sofa I saw my cum running out of his ass and down his legs. I went into the bathroom and got him a towel and handed it to him. We got dressed and went upstairs and into the kitchen, Shirley was still naked and looking really hot wiping the stove with her ass shaking.

Shirley asked if we two studs enjoyed our self's, I told her hell yeah Carl had a great ass. She asked if he would like to come over again and he smiled and said yes. I rubbed his ass and told him we would like that also, and that Shirley would be giving him a call.

After he had gone Shirley went to bed and I held and cuddled her all night. How many wives would do what she had done for their husbands.