 I started sleeping with Stephen every night and my parents just expected it. After two nights I started being liberal with my sounds. I didn't care if they heard me crying out in pleasure from being dominated and penetrated. Besides dad was probably getting off on it. Stephen unloaded inside my ass and then we lay passionately entangled kissing endlessly. 

"That was really hot." I mused.

"I'm glad you thought so. Your ass is always hot to me." 

We kissed some more. 

"SO listen Frank I thought we could go out tonight."

"Tonight? Its already ten!" I wanted to lay there with him forever.

"Yeah well sure but we only have a few days in town an I figure we ought to see people. My parents don't know I'm here but Sean and Michael invited us out for drinks-"

"Sean and Michael?"

"Yeah whats wrong with that they're your good friends aren't they?"

"Well...yes." My friendships with male friends had been increasingly complicated by my willingness to relieve them of their cum.

"Excellent lets go grab a beer."

Stephen had made me promise not to do anything I didn't want, but I never wanted to disappoint him. Of course I never said no to Stephen.

"It'll be fun." He reassured me. That was just what I was worried about. 

We arrived to the bar around 10:30. Sean and Michael waved us over to the counter where they sat. "Hey Frank" winked Michael.

"Hey guys. Good to see you."

"What have you too been up to? We've been waiting around here already a couple of drinks in."

"We were just reminiscing about old times." Mused Michael.

"Yeah sorry." Said Stephen "we uh..."

"No we get it. Franky is your little fuck princess now huh?"

I looked around the bar nervously but no one was in earshot.

"Its not like that." Stephen said defiantly, "I mean yeah we—yeah of course but—"

"Stephen is my boyfriend." I said firmly.

"I see, so you're settled on him now huh? No more favors for friends?"

"Stephen doesn't really want me to—" I gulped thinking about the other night with my own father. The one I'd been trying to forget. "I need a drink."

"I don't want you to do anything you don't want to do Franky. I never meant you couldn't fuck other guys."

I was taken aback. "Really?"

"Yeah I actually think its pretty hot that you like cock so much." Do I? I hadn't really considered myself wanting to be penetrated all those times before. I suppose I had wanted it, badly. I looked around at the three man looking at me like I was a feast.

"Let me get your drink." Said Sean. 

"I'll get your next." Said Michael.

I could tell it was going to be a good night. Sexual tensions aside I had a great time drinking and catching up with old friends. Sean had a new girlfriend who was out of town and Michael had been experimenting more with other guys.

"There was just no comparison to having you around to take care of me every day buddy. Of course Stephen knows what I mean by that. Stephen blushed nervously. 

Michael grabbed my hand and placed it on his hard dick pressed against his leg by his pants. "Feel that Frank? I could really use a hand tonight. Or a mouth. Or an ass."

I withdrew my hand and looked at Stephen. He was drunk and talking to Sean. "I don't know Michael, Stephen and I—"

"Oh he's cool with it. We all are. In fact thats kind of why we asked you out tonight." So this had been the plan all along.

The bartender came by for last call. "I'll get you another." Said Sean but I was too drunk and asked for water.

"He told us when you drink you can't help yourself. That you need to taste cock." He grabbed my hand again this time stoking himself once or twice with it. Don't you want to feel my dick again?"

"Yes." I admitted quietly, "but where?"

Michael laughed. We'll go back to my place. You'll be comfortable there.

It wasn't long before the four of us were laughing our way into Michael's one bedroom apartment. As soon as the door shut we all went silent. Michael played some music from his iPhone. "Why don't you too show us what you usually do." Michael offered. Stephen looked reluctant but I kissed him and as we kissed I felt him calm with the security of our connection. I pressed up against him and could feel he was as hard as I was. I dropped to his knees and slowly pulled down his pants and licked his dick through his boxer briefs.

"Fuck yeah." Said Michael.

I lowered Stephen's underwear and let his cock spring out hitting me in the face. I kissed his head licking my way around and around. He shut his eyes and moaned. He caressed my head to tell me to take more. I lowered my mouth over his dick licking the underside of his shaft as I did.

I noticed Sean and Michael jacking off on either side of me. 

"Thats great now show us how you fuck him." Said Michael. Stephen laid on the couch, his dick hard as ever and I quickly stripped myself down. I climbed on top of him and straddled his cock letting the head rub against my ready anus. The greatest feeling ever.

"You okay with this?" I asked quietly. 

"I am if you are." We laughed and he slipped in deeper. I gasped and stopped then slowly began to ride his cock. Sean took that as the cue to gently nudge my face with his penis. Stephen nodded at me and I turned to take Stephen in my mouth. He fucked my face and I rode my man. I didn't have a clue how I was supposed to take care of Michael as well.

Then to my surprise I felt a mouth surround my dick. MY head went numb with ecstasy and I moaned. Without warning I began to shoot cum into Michael's mouth. My hole tightened around Stephen as he slid in and out of me. My mouth did the best to please Sean as he held my head and made love. 

Michael laughed "You like that Franky? When's the last time you were sucked?" I grunted in apologetic approval but my throat was otherwise occupied. "If you want to be Franky's man you'll have to be able to take care of him."

I turned to see Michael slapping his dick onto Stephens face. I was surprised. He looked as if he was about to protest but as he opened his mouth Michael slipped inside of him. His mouth closed around the cock and Stephen instantly became a cocksucker.

"That's it Stephen that feels fucking great. Look Franky your boyfriend is a cocksucker!" I tried hard not to laugh as I sucked Sean. It was quite the sight to see Michael feeding Stephen his dick. I could tell Stephen was excited because he began pounding me harder and soon he cam inside me. 

"Fuck yeah, my turn." Sean smiled. Stephen was still engrossed in Michael's dick so I got on the couch and turned around to let Sean fuck me doggy style. 

"Nuh uh, face me." He instructed. I lay on my back and Sean mounted me making out with me as he filled the cum filled vacancy Stephen had left. 

"Fuck Franky I've missed you." It felt good to have Sean inside me again, he was always such a gentle lover and good too! I stroked Stephen's soft cock as he sucked Michael's. I could tell Michael was the hardest of any of us from the very beginning. He always was such a horn dog. 

"You like watching Sean pound your bitch?" Michael asked Stephen. Stephen took his dick out of his mouth and nodded. "Get me nice and ready then because I'm gonna fuck him next." He obliged. I could already feel him getting hard again.

"Oh fuck Franky!" Sean cried as he erupted inside me. He collapsed on top of me and I could feel his weight pressing down as he passionately kissed me and removed his dick.

"Hell yes flip over."Michael commanded as he pulled his dick away from Stephen. I turned. Michael loved to dominate me from behind. The primal way. 

"I've missed having you as my bitch Frank." He said as he pushed my face into the couch. My head turned and I saw as Stephen watched in awe as Michael made me submit. He jammed his cock inside me with one quick jab. I let out a moan of ecstasy. "Fuck you boys made a mess in this tight hole I see." Michael laughed. 

He began to thrust in and out rhythmically making me moan with each insertion. 

"Look your boyfriend is hard watching me make you my bitch." Michael laughed. "Here." He grabbed my head by the hair and pushed me between Stephens spread legs. "Suck him."

Stephen lowered his dick to my face which was still pressed downward by Michael's hand on my back. I tried not to choke as I was forced downward onto his dick. 

"Fuck that's hot I'm horny again." Said Sean waving his boner around for us to see. "Suck me off Stephen." 

Without hesitation Stephen took his second dick in his mouth. Now our chain had reversed!

"Damn you're a pro now Steve." Joked Michael "Maybe one day you'll be as good as our boy toy here. I was moaning onto Stephens dick as I let it slide in my throat. Each thrust of Michael's moved my mouth up and down Stephen's dick. 

"Fuck Franky how are you still so tight?" Asked Michael and I could tell he was about to loose it. "Ahhh." He cried triumphantly as his pulsating cock let go of weave after wave of cum to mix inside Stephen's and Sean's already inside me. His orgasm triggered a wave and soon Stephen was giving me a second load to swallow as Sean squirted his second onto Stephen's face. 

"Man I'm tired." I exclaimed and we all laughed. 

Stephen and I got dressed and agreed we should do this again. Sean walked with us out to our cars. "Thanks guys that was a lot of fun." He said enthusiastically.

"Same." Said Stephen "Next time!"

"For sure" Stephen agreed. 

We drove home in contented silence and once we got into the guest bedroom I was so tired I was ready to fall asleep.

"It was so hot watching you get willingly fucked like that." Smiled Stephen.

"I couldn't believe Michael got you started sucking dick! He was my first too." I tickled him teasingly.

"You know I could go for one more round actually." Stephen laughed.

"Oh fuck, I'm so tired though." I could not fathom another fuck, my hole had been through a lot tonight!

"No not you, I mean..."

He disappeared under the covers and suddenly I felt two lips wrap around my dick and a tongue press against my shaft.

"Oh god!" I exclaimed happily. I could get used to this!