 Carley and I stood in the shade, holding each other and talking quietly for a while. We kissed and pressed together. I held her ass and pushed my erection between her legs.

"Do you want to fuck right now?" she asked. "I'm hungry and I need to clean up this mess."

"No hurry. We have all night. Kiss me a little more and stroke me. I love your touch."

She kissed me and stroked my cock and balls. I'd had quite a few orgasms, but I had no trouble getting hard in her hand.

"Ooookay! You'd better stop. I need to save this for later."

We policed up the trash and bagged it. I dragged the mats into a shed and stacked the chairs against the house. I got my shaving kit out of the car.

We went inside. Carley adjusted the A/C down a degree or two.

There was cold pizza in the refrigerator. We heated it in the microwave and sat in the family room to eat.

Carley turned on the TV and found a reality show that consisted entirely of college kids having sex in their dorms. Three girls were alternating between eating each other and using vibrators and dildos. They were all very good looking and seemed to be in fine physical condition.

Carley's cell phone rang and she took it into the kitchen.

On the reality show, five guys came in, bringing three more girls with them. The six girls sucked and fucked the five guys for the last half hour of the show. No one did anything I hadn't seen a million times before, but it was pretty entertaining. All the guys were careful to jerk off onto the girls' boobs or mouths or faces so the camera crew could get good cumshots. In my opinion, that's pretty stupid. I mean, let's face it; if you have a girl who's willing to let you cum in her mouth or her pussy, why the hell would you masturbate? If you want to cum on her body, at least have her give you a handjob. Jerking yourself off makes no sense at all.

Carley came back and sat next to me. "That was Dianne. Kay was dehydrated and emotionally wrung out. They gave her I.V. fluids and put her on Paxil and something else I never heard of. They'll keep her overnight and then she'll be on outpatient therapy. We'll have to keep an eye on her."

Carley switched through some movie channels, but there wasn't much on.

"I'm going to take a shower and brush my teeth," she said.

"I'll join you if that's all right."

"Of course. You don't have to ask.

We soaped and teased each other. By bending my legs, I could lie down on the floor of the shower and Carley knelt over my face. I ate her to two strong orgasms. After the second one, her legs started to cramp and she got up.

"Do you want a blowjob or a handjob? You said that's what you like in the shower."

"I'd like you to suck me a little bit, but I don't want to cum yet. I want you in bed. I want us to make love slowly in bed."

"Make love? That's an expression you don't hear much. Everybody just says 'fuck'." She smiled. "It sounds nice, though. I'd like to make love with you."

Carley sat on the shower seat and sucked me for five minutes or so. She did everything slowly and gently. I watched her mouth on me. When I felt my orgasm approaching, I stopped her.

"That's enough for now."

We dried off and brushed our teeth. I needed a shave and took time to remove the stubble. Carley turned out the lights in the main part of the house. In the bedroom, she threw back the bedspread and top sheet and lay down. I lay next to her.

"This was a good day," I said. "You throw good parties. Lots of sex, no screaming matches or fights. Nobody got drunk and threw up on anybody. Just people having fun. Even Kay's meltdown didn't spoil it."

"I don't get a chance to have parties very often, at least not on this scale. I live alone in a nice apartment in Suntree. It's only big enough for five or six couples. There are too many retired people in the homeowner's association and they've banned sex in the community pool area. That puts a damper on what my guests can do."

Carley held my face and kissed me. "Touch me. Kiss me. Make love to me."

We lay face to face on our sides, kissing and masturbating each other. Carley kissed my neck and worked her way down. She swung around so we could sixty-nine.

Still on our sides, Carley lifted her leg so I could go down on her. She let me get into a comfortable position before she started sucking and licking me. I slid two fingers into her and sucked her clit. My cock was in her mouth and I could feel her moan. I moved my tongue in circles around her clit. She was very wet. After ten minutes or so, as I fingered and tongued her, she took her mouth off me and arched her back. I felt her hold her breath. She exhaled sharply. Her pussy tightened on my fingers as she came. I sucked her clit and flicked it with my tongue. She came again. I reached one of her breasts with my left hand and pulled on her nipple. I fingered her a little harder, sucked a little harder and she came a third time.

Carley pushed my head away and sat up. "Okay, okay. Holy shit! I have to stop for a minute. Jesus! That was so goddamn fucking good! I came so hard I think I passed out for a second there."

She looked at my erection. "Sorry I had to stop sucking you. I couldn't help it. I just had to go with what you were doing to me."

"Hey, I didn't mind. That was one hell of a lot of fun! Making you cum like that is better than cumming myself. Don't apologize! Any time you want me to get you off like that, just tell me."

Carley lay down again so we were face to face. We kissed and held each other.

"I want you to cum," she whispered. "Anything you want. I want you to feel what I just felt."

"Raise your leg and put me inside you. I want to look at you and feel you around me."

She guided me into her. I leaned back and looked at her body. Her firm breasts were beautiful and her nipples were hard.

"You have a wonderful body. I love looking at you." I looked into her face. "Your eyes are so expressive."

"Are you going to look into my eyes and cum inside me?"

"Yes." I rolled her onto her back and supported myself on my elbows. I began pumping slowly in and out of her. "This is going to be really good. I can tell. I'm going to cum hard."

"Do you want me to touch your balls?"

"No. Squeeze me as I move inside you. That's it. Perfect. Ahhh, that's so good."

I fucked her slowly for several minutes.

"You're getting bigger," Carley whispered. "I can feel it. I want to feel you cum. I want to feel your warm cum."

"Not much longer. I'm almost ready. You feel fantastic." I shifted my weight to my right elbow and touched her breasts with my left hand. "That's so good. I love the way you're squeezing me. I love moving inside you this way." I was getting very close. "Am I talking too much?"

"No. Your voice sounds nice. Do whatever makes you feel best."

"I'm going to cum. Look into my eyes and tell me what you feel when I cum inside you."

Carley smiled. "I'm ready. Your cock is so hard. I can feel you swelling up. I can feel you pulse in me. Ahhhh, you're cumming! I can feel your cum shooting into me. It's warm. It's so warm! You're still cumming. Still cumming! I love the look on your face! God, that's good! Oh, fuck! I'm going to cum! Just a little more! Don't stop! Ahhh, ahhhhh!!"

I quickly moved my hand from her breasts to her clit and rubbed hard. I bent my head down and sucked her left nipple. Carley bucked and thrashed. My cock spasmed another three or four times, just from watching her. Her head whipped back and forth. She gasped and moaned.

I kept stroking inside her and rubbing her clit. She took my wrist and pulled my hand away.

"Oh fuck! Oh shit! I'm so sorry! I fucked it up for you! It was going so well, then I saw the way you were looking at me and it just set me off! I'm sorry, I'm sorry!" She looked like she was going to cry.

"No, no, it's fine! When you came I wasn't expecting it and that made it better for me. Your pussy tightened up and I got a few more squirts, just from feeling that."

I stroked inside her and kissed her. "I don't want to stop. You still feel so damned good! That was wonderful. It was all I could have hoped for."

We kissed. My erection faded and I slipped out of her.

I handed Carley a couple of tissues. She pushed them against herself to avoid having a wet spot on the bed. I went into the bathroom to take a piss.

Later, we lay on the bed in the dark. "That was a hell of an ending to the day," I said.

"I hope so. I'm really sorry about losing control the way I did. Something about the way you were looking at me ..... I don't know what it was. It got to me somehow."

"I think I know what you mean. I've fucked a whole lot of different girls, some because I liked them and some just to get off. When you offered to blow me last week, I didn't think much about it. Just another pretty girl. Just another blowjob. Nothing special."

I paused. I wasn't sure what I wanted to say. "It turned out to be special, though. Usually, having sex with a girl is impersonal. It's like shaking hands. You fuck and you go on your way. No big deal. It's

different with you. It doesn't feel the same. It's very personal. I like it. A lot."

"It's personal, all right. I like it, too. It'll be interesting to see where this goes."

We drifted off to sleep.

Sometime during the night, I became aware of Carley. We were both on our right sides, spooning, with me behind her. . I had an erection and it was pressed against her ass. I shifted a little and pushed myself between her legs, right against her pussy. Carley stirred and reached down with her hand. She pushed me against her. I moved my left hand to her right breast and squeezed it. I rubbed her nipple with my thumb. She sighed.

She raised her left leg and caressed my penis. I pulled back a little and tried to push myself into her. She helped me and the head of my cock slid in. We both moaned.

It took half a minute for me to get completely inside her. She drew up her legs and I shifted my position so I could get all the way in. I stroked her clit with the fingers of my left hand and she caressed my sac. Neither of us said anything.

Carley's breathing quickened. So did mine. We fucked that way for fifteen minutes or so before I could feel that Carley was going to cum. I was ready. When I felt her orgasm start, I let go and we came together.

Carley was sleeping when I got up the next morning. I took a shower and went to see what there was for breakfast. I found some eggs and made a couple of fried egg sandwiches. I'd just finished when Carley walked into the kitchen. She was naked and she looked spectacular.

"You look spectacular!" I said.

"You don't have to give me complements to get me into bed, you know!" She kissed me. "Did you make breakfast?"

"Yeah, I can fry eggs and put them between slices of bread. I'm an engineer, after all!"

Carley took a bite of sandwich. "What are your plans for today?"

"I have a presentation at the Cape tomorrow morning. There are a few things I need to tweak and it'll take me five or six hours. I promised to take my sister to dinner, too. I have to get going pretty soon."

"I was hoping we could spend the day together."

"Me too. But I have to go. Sorry. I promise we'll get together again, soon. That is, if you want to."

"Are you fucking kidding me?" Carley gave me a shove with both hands. "If you don't call me I'm going to stalk you!!" Carley looked surprised at what she'd said. "Jesus, where did that come from?"

I grinned at her. "I think I might know. At least I hope so."

Carley pointed to a big leather chair near the patio doors. "Sit over there and I'll suck you off while you finish your sandwich."

I flopped in the chair. Carley knelt on the rug between my knees.

"Eat slow," she said. "This is going to take a while."

She was right.