 "Oh, look, he caught a fish!" Marja pointed excitedly to an osprey, zooming up from the surface of the Banana River with a mullet in its talons. The fish struggled futilely. 

"The nest is in the tall tree on this side of the island," I told her, pointing it out. As we watched, the eagle flapped its way to a landing. "I think they have chicks. It's the right time of year." 

Marja smiled at me. "I love the view, Jack. I didn't know Florida was like this." 

Marja's friend, Thor, was sitting next to her in a wide recliner on the dock behind my house. Thor looked slightly out of place next to the gorgeous six-foot blond Finnish heiress. Thor, despite his name, was a dwarf. As is often the case, Thor had a normal size body and a slightly larger than normal head. He was about four foot eight. Contained in that head of his was the mind of an applied math genius and a very talented mechanical engineer. Before I met Marja, I'd corresponded with Thor, picking his brain concerning some of the finer points of calculating the strength of exotic materials. Working together, we'd come up with some significantly advanced techniques for manufacturing super-light components for the growing commercial space business. Our patents were worth several fortunes. 

Thor closed his eyes, relaxing in the mid-morning sun. Behind us, I could hear pock, pock, pock from the tennis court and splashes and laughter from the pool. Marja had brought four of her friends from Finland. The group spent three days in New York and then flew down to Florida, arriving late the previous night. They all spoke perfect English and were turning out to be excellent house guests. 

Carley, who was a fine tennis player, had teamed up with our friend George for a doubles match against two of the Finns, Neko and Thor's wife Taava. The match had been going on for quite a while. Judging by the grunts and cursing, it was close. They sounded serious. Well, there was a lot at stake. 

Thor opened his eyes and snorted. "It's too hot. I'll be in the pool." He hopped down and took a second to caress Marja's right breast and pinch her nipple. He easily dodged her backhand slap. They both laughed. 

"It's funny," I said. "I had no idea when I met you that you might know Thor. I'd never met him in person. We've talked on the phone and sent a ton of e-mails. He just might be the smartest person I know." 

"He's my cousin by marriage," said Marja. "We've known each other for twenty years or more." 

Marja raised her arms and stretched. It was a sight worth seeing. 

"One day, many years ago," she told me, "we were visiting my grandfather's estate. I could tell Thor was unhappy. I got him alone and made him tell me what was wrong. Kids at school had been teasing him about his size. He was afraid he would never be able to have sex with a girl because of the way he looked. I led him into the gardens where no one could see and made him take off his trousers and underwear. I'm a lesbian, of course, but I'd had a little experience with boys. I knew what a normal boy looked like. Thor looked normal to me. While I was examining him, he got an erection. He looked perfectly normal, maybe larger than normal." 

Marja smiled at the memory. "I had given only one boy a handjob after sucking him a little. I offered to give Thor a blowjob. Naturally, he accepted at once. I had him lay on the grass and I took off my dress and lay between his legs. That was probably the simplest, most basic blowjob in history, but Thor loved it. He came very fast. It surprised me when his sperm flew into my mouth. I hadn't thought about what I would do with his sperm. It didn't taste or feel bad, so I swallowed it. Some leaked out past my lips and I licked that off him and swallowed it, too. You've never seen a happier boy in your life." 

Marja's story had given me an erection. She reached over and stroked me with her fingertips. 

"Thor begged me to suck him some more. He was still hard. You know how I am, Jack. I liked the feeling of power when I made him spill. I liked the control. I was just discovering this about myself. I continued blowing him, trying different things to see what would produce the strongest reaction. I don't like the way penises look, but they are very interesting. Figuring out the best way to give a boy maximum pleasure and make him spill is like solving a puzzle. I like puzzles. 

My mouth and tongue got tired and I had to stop. Thor wanted to fuck me. I had never had a penis inside me and didn't really want to do that. Thor begged me. 'Just for a minute,' he said. 'I just want to know what it feels like'. I told him he could put it in me, but he'd have to take it right out again. No fucking! If he tried to fuck me, I was going to hit him!" 

Marja laughed. "Can you guess how well that worked? As soon as he touched his penis to my vagina, he spilled! He tried to push into me, but I felt his wetness and I pushed him away. He was devastated. He wanted to fuck so much! It made me sad. We sat and talked. I let him touch me. He was such a nice boy. He told me I was beautiful and sexy. I let him touch me and play with my breasts, but I didn't want him to touch my vagina. He kept asking me and finally I let him. He had a gentle touch and it felt good. It wasn't as nice as being touched by a girl, but I liked it. I let him put his fingers in me and massage my clitoris." 

"Soon, Thor was hard again. I lay back and opened my legs. His touch had made me wet enough and he pushed his penis into me. It felt warm, but hard and strange. I wasn't sure if I liked it. I could feel the base of his penis against my clitoris when he thrust into me and that was pleasurable. He began fucking me, telling me how good it felt. I started to feel nervous, thinking about his sperm shooting up inside me. I didn't want that. Having him on top of me made me very uneasy. I pushed him away. That was hard to do. He didn't want to stop. I'm sure he was about to spill. He didn't fight me, but he resisted." 

Marja sighed. "It hurt me to make him stop, but I couldn't tolerate having sperm inside me. I don't know why, but the thought disgusts me. I can't stand it. Thor was almost beside himself. I pushed him onto his back and sucked him. That was the first time I'd tasted myself on an erection. It was very stimulating. I sucked Thor hard and fast and he spilled in my mouth again. I didn't lose a drop that time. I swallowed it all." She smiled. "I loved the way he moved, the sounds he made, the way his penis twitched and spurted when he spilled. I loved making him do those things." 

Out in the channel, a pontoon boat slowly cruised past with two couples on it. They were all nude and they waved to us. The woman at the wheel was being fucked from behind by another woman wearing a big pink strap-on. One of the men stood behind her, apparently fucking her in the ass. The other man sat in the rear seat holding a glass of wine. They seemed like friendly folks. Marja squeezed my erection and we waved back. 

"After his second blowjob, Thor felt much better. I told him he was completely normal, sexually. He was a dwarf, but I was sure that wouldn't keep him from having sex. We got dressed and wandered around, talking." 

It was pleasant sitting in the warm, late morning sun with Marja stroking me. I remembered how good it felt when I came inside her in Venice and how quickly that feeling had disappeared when I saw how upset she was. My erection wilted. 

"What's wrong?' asked Marja. 

"I was thinking about Venice, and the way you reacted when I came in you. That bothers me a lot. Sex should always be about pleasure and fun and maybe love. I hurt you. That was wrong. I knew how you felt about having a man cum inside you. I told myself it was your decision and it would be alright, but I knew better. I shouldn't have done it. I can't tell you how sorry I am." 

"Oh, Jack!" she said. "Please don't feel that way. I never blamed you. You had been kind to me. You treated me well. I liked you very much and I still do. I wanted to do something nice for you. It was enjoyable, being on top of you and riding you, watching you become more and more excited. I had that feeling of power and control I get when I suck a man. I thought I might get the same satisfaction by making you spill inside me. I hadn't happened that way before, but it had been years since I'd tried it." 

Marja shook her head. "Nothing had changed. It was very distressing." 

Marja got up and sat on my lap. "Listen to me! That was not your fault! You are not to blame yourself. Not at all." She touched my face and smiled. "When you think about Venice, remember fucking me during my fantasy. Those were two of the most intense orgasms I've had in my life. I didn't tell you, but I was imagining my brother fucking me and spilling in my womb, maybe making me pregnant. If you had spilled in me, it would have been, how do you say, the icing on the cake. But you didn't know that. What you and Lora did for me was something I'll treasure until I die." She kissed me. "Before I leave, I'm going to let you fuck me again." She shook her finger in my face. "But no spilling inside me! Anyplace else is good. Well, not in my ass. You know how I feel about that." 

Cheers and cursing erupted at the tennis court. A tennis racket sailed over the bougainvilleas, bounced off the dock and into the water. Marja and I got up and headed for the source of the noise. 

Carley and George were doing a victory dance around Neko and Taava. Neko was curled into a ball with his hands over his ears. Taava held her racket as if she were about to commit murder, shouting in Finnish at her partner. I got the impression Neko might have made a boo-boo. 

Carley ran over and jumped into my arms. "We won! We fucking beat them!! What a match!" She was very sweaty and very, very happy. 

"What happened? Did Neko fuck up?" 

Carley nodded, grinning. 

Taava glared at me. "He missed an easy shot! He was outside the line by a meter!" She turned to Neko. "Goat fucker!" she yelled. "Limp dick, yogurt balls, boy lover!" She switched to Finnish. 

Vavara, Ruth, Dean, Thor and Lora hurried over from the pool. They were all wet and naked. Ruth and Dean were holding hands. Ruth's bald head shone brightly in the sun. Vavara's black hair hung straight down her back to below her ass. She was very beautiful and had the look of "old money". I hadn't gotten a chance to get to know her yet and I was looking forward to it. 

"About time you got finished," said Dean. "I want to see how you settle the bet." 

"Showers first," said George. He and Carley walked toward the house chattering happily with their arms around each other. Taava stalked off behind them. Neko sat up, relieved that no one seemed interested in killing him. He looked around. "Where's my racket?" 

"You threw it in the river," I said. "Or somebody did. There's a boathook under the overhang above the boat." 

Neko walked dejectedly toward the dock. 

Marja laughed. "I want to swim before they get back. It should be a good show". 

A half hour later we were all sitting in chairs out of the sun on my rear patio. George and Lora were happy as clams. Taava, sitting on her husband's lap, was infuriated but resigned. Neko was looking guilty and depressed. 

"Okay, "I said. "As I understand it, the losers become sex slaves to the winners for an hour. Taava, you now belong to George. Carley, you own Neko." I punched a button on my watch to start the stopwatch. 

"Go!" 

Taava knelt in front of George. She was a medium size girl with full, natural breasts and a pretty face. Her light brown hair and pale skin contrasted sharply with George's coal black hair and skin. "What is your wish, Master?" 

Ruth laughed. "That's no mystery. George loves ass. He's going to fuck your ass three or four times. I hope you're ready." 

Taava smiled. "I like it in the ass," she said. "Does my master wish to fuck my ass?" 

"Actually," said George, "no I don't. At least not right now. Right now I want you to suck my cock. Get me good and hard. We'll see what develops." 

Taava tossed a cushion onto the tile floor of the patio and got down on her knees. She gripped George and began jerking him slowly. Taava leaned forward, opened her mouth wide and engulfed George's cock. He was pretty soft, but at least seven inches long. We could see Taava's jaw move. Her tongue slid around inside her cheeks. George sat back with a sigh. 

Neko stood in front of Carley with his head down. He looked really unhappy. Marja had told me earlier that he liked rough, dominant sex and was looking forward to running through a series of rape scenarios, repeatedly tying Carley up, making her suck him, then gagging her and fucking her pussy and ass. All that was within the rules of the bet, but if he'd actually hurt Carley, he'd have made the trip home to Finland in a full body cast. Fortunately for him, he hadn't gotten the chance and now the shoe was on the other foot. I'd told Carley about his plans and she was ready. 

"Neko," she said. "There's a mat in the storage room over there. Bring it out and spread it here in the middle of the deck." 

Neko did as he was told. 

"Now, pick me up and lay me on the mat." 

Carley only weighed about 115 pounds, but Neko was small, too. He was in good shape, but he outweighed Carley by no more than 30 pounds. Getting her out of her chair and onto the mat wasn't easy. 

"Now," commanded Carley, "get down there and eat me. If I don't like what you're doing, I'll tell you what I want. And you will do it!" 

Neko got into position and started eating her. Carley grabbed him by the ears and steered him up and down and back and forth, issuing a constant flow of commands. She kept his face firmly against her vagina, making it hard for him to breathe. Neko started to sweat. 

George watched Taava work. He was fully erect, making it tough for Taava to get more than about five inches of his rod in her mouth. She licked his balls and cock slowly, teasing him and apparently enjoying herself. George pulled her up his body and kissed her. He had her kiss his face and neck. She sucked his nipples. He kissed her again, and then told her to stand up. 

"Play with yourself," George told her. "Get yourself good and wet. When you're ready, you're going to sit on my cock and fuck me." 

Taava used both hands. It wasn't long before we could all hear the liquid, squelching sounds of her fingers plunging in and out of her pussy. 

"That's good," said George. He adjusted the back of his chaise lounge to almost full recline. His erection pointed straight up. "Now fuck me." 

Taava swung her leg over George. She looked between them, lowered herself and slid over George. She hadn't used her hands; quite a trick, considering the diameter of George's erection. She glanced toward Thor, who gave her a thumbs-up. 

Taava gripped the arms of George's chair and fucked him. George explored her body. He had a big grin on his face. 

In the meantime, Neko was struggling. Carley seemed more interested in making his life a living hell than in getting off. Finally, she held him in the same place long enough for her to cum. I knew Carley well and that wasn't a very good orgasm. It was her show, though. She had her agenda and Neko was stuck with it. 

Vavara caught my eye and crooked her finger at me. She led me through the French doors into the house and turned to face me. 

"Marja has been talking non-stop about you and your sister and Carley since she got home. She told us everything about your fun together. It sounded marvelous." 

Vavara stood quietly, with her hands at her sides. "I'm a guest in your home, so I shouldn't ask for a favor, but I'd like to know. Tell me please, would you like to have sex with me?" 

I laughed. "Are you kidding? You're a very beautiful woman. You have an exquisite body. Haven't you noticed that way I've looked at you? I want you and I haven't tried to hide it." 

Vavara blushed. "I noticed. I want you, too. 

I took her in my arms and held her. I caressed her back and ass. Her right hand slipped between us and she cupped my scrotum. 

"Before we start, I have to tell you what I like and don't like. It's strange, I know, but I hate oral sex. Kissing anywhere else is good, but not there. Touching is always good, anywhere. I hate anal sex. I did it once and it was terrible. He was kind and gentle and loving, but it was terrible. When I felt his sperm spill in my ass I thought I would die." 

Vavara leaned back and looked into my eyes. "I'm sorry I don't like these things. I can't help it. I do love to have a man inside me in the usual way in almost any position." She gave my balls a little squeeze. "I'd like to fuck with you. You're a very attractive man. If you don't require oral or anal sex, we can enjoy each other and have fun." 

"Straight sex is fine with me," I said. "How do you want to start?" 

"Touch me and I'll touch you. We can use that couch." 

We sat on the sofa. We kissed and Vavara moved my hand to her breasts. She caressed my chest and abs. She was an excellent kisser. 

I broke the kiss. "I want to look at your body." 

Vavara really was exceptionally beautiful. She obviously worked out hard. There was a lot of definition in her arms, legs and abs. She had very firm, natural breasts. I kissed her breasts and sucked her nipples. My hand dropped to her vagina. She was only a little damp. I touched her outer lips and she opened her legs all the way. I moved one finger inside her and felt her wetness. Vavara turned with a sigh and reclined on the sofa. She opened her legs, raising them toward the ceiling. With any other woman, I'd take that as a sign she wanted me to go down on her. Instead, I slid two fingers into Vavara's pussy. I got on my knees between her thighs and kissed and licked her breasts and nipples as she moved against my fingers. She used both hands on my cock and balls. She was seriously lovely. I was seriously hard. My cock was only a few inches from her vagina. I shifted slightly and slid between her lips. She lifted her hips and I entered her for the first time. 

I always love the feeling of penetrating a woman for the first time. Each woman has a different feel, a different texture. Some feel a little rough and others feel smooth. Vavara's pussy was like oiled silk. She was almost supernaturally smooth and tight. She felt fantastic. She felt wonderful. 

I pulled out and rubbed myself inside her lips and against her clit. When I moved inside her again, the feeling was the same. Vavara had an outstanding pussy. This was going to be an outstanding fuck. Or so I thought. 

As I stroked into her, Vavara raised her pelvis and thrust back at me, signaling that she wanted to fuck harder. I increased the intensity of my thrusts, but no matter how much harder I fucked her, she wanted more. 

Vavara hooked her heels behind my ass and forcefully pulled me into her with every stroke. "Hit me," she hissed. "Hit me, hit me, hit me." 

What the fuck? I thought. Does she want me to slap her? 

"Pump! Pump hard! Hit me with your prick!! Pump, pump, pump!" Her voice had taken on a low, raspy, savage tone. This was getting a little spooky. 

I slammed into Vavara, trying to mash her clit with every stroke and that seemed to be what she wanted. She didn't need to be fucked fast, but she surely was fixated on being fucked really, really hard. 

At first, I was afraid I was going to hurt her. That fear passed in the first half minute. To Vavara, there was no such thing as "too hard". I slammed into her time and time again. She wailed and shook, digging her heels into my ass. She came, shaking her head and thrashing. I pounded into her without any letup and she came again. 

Vavara slowed her movements and seemed to go limp. She whimpered. 
