 This summer my husband Gary and I were really pushing the limits of our "open" swinging relationship but I was very keen to balance things a bit and ensure my husband got his fair share of fun too. He was very happy and turned on when I told him what I had been up to meeting my old friend Kim for a "girly" night in bed together and together we'd had fun with a guy we met at a hotel. Also we loved having fun with Jason, a friend of ours on the swinging scene. It has always been our favourite that when I go with a single guy that he should be younger, fit and black and Jason certainly ticked all those boxes.

But this weekend was to be different with our friends Kim and Stuart who had invited us over to their house for the evening for some fun. Kim is from Australia and they had gone back to her hometown for some months sorting out family affairs after her Mum had died. We'd missed them terribly while they were gone as they were good friends socially and for swinging. Kim has a very confident and uninhibited manner and we had enjoyed some very kinky fun with them over the years as a foursome and at swingers clubs, Kim and I having some girly fun alone and Gary had once enjoyed a very kinky afternoon with her.

On Saturday morning my mobile rang, "Hi gorgeous, how are you? We are looking forward to tonight." She said.

"Me too, I am looking forward to seeing you again."

"Well we had a little party planned tonight. Stuarts friend Jim is coming over for some fun and we thought you and Gary could join us, are you ok with that?" 

We had a little chat before we get down to the basics of what we wanted and I explained how I wanted Gary to really enjoy himself.

"I will make sure of that, tell Gary I want fucking really hard, you both know that's what I like. Stuart's keen to get together with you too. Jim is an experienced swinger and a really nice guy who will go with the flow"

I told Gary later what Kim had said and his face lit up. "Well she is built to take it. If she wants it hard that's what she'll get.

Kim was very tall, nearly 6 foot in heels and a very solid built lady with big tits that I know my husband loved. Stuart was a quiet man and I realised that I hardly knew him at all and Jim was an unknown factor. My time had been with Kim, the only time I had spent with Stuart was having sex!

At 8pm exactly on time we arrived at their very tidy bungalow and rang the doorbell. Kim opened the door wearing a lovely floral summer dress and Stuart looked lovely in a crisp white shirt and black trousers. I was pleased that Gary and I had both made the effort. Gary looked lovely in new shirt and trousers while I was wearing a leopard print wrap dress over new hold up stockings and black underwear.

"Good to see you both, I like the car!" Gary said enthusiastically noticing the silver Porsche 911 in the drive.

"It's Jim's, he'll be happy to let you have a look," Stuart answered.

At that a silver haired guy aged around fifty appeared smiling behind Kim and Stuart.

"Hi you two, I'm Jim."

He shook Gary's hand and then gently kissed my cheek and put his arm around me. Jim then looked over to my husband before he pulled me close and kissed me deeply. I felt myself kissing him back eagerly and passionately. 

He released me and looked me straight in the eyes, "Wow, you are everything Kim said you were. But excuse for a minute I think your husband likes my car."

Jim walked away leaving me standing with my heart pounding as he ushered Gary and Stuart over to his car.

Kim just raised her eyes to me then holding my hand walked with me into the lounge. "Men and cars, let's leave them to it for a bit."

"Bloody hell Jim doesn't take his time does he?"

"He is an experienced swinger Jayne and I have told him all about you. He's very enthusiastic in bed and you will enjoy his cock. I'm amazed that you haven't met him at a club sometime?"

I shook my head and looked up at her. She gave me a little peck on the cheek, casual and relaxed as if this was just a normal friendly get together then reached her hands behind my head and slowly she pulled my face to her lips and began kissing me softly. I was so pleased I was wearing my highest heels but I still had to stretch up to Kim's mouth as we kissed and touched for several minutes. Then I heard a door open and Gary, Stuart and Jim talking excitedly as they came into the house. For a moment we continued to kiss and then we looked at the three men all watching our every move.

"I'm ready for a drink, what about the rest of you?" Gary said brandishing two bottles of white wine. "I got some Australian especially for you Kim."

"Yeah, thanks," she said pulling back from me.

We all stood around in the kitchen as Stuart opened the bottles and poured the wine and then we all made our way into the lounge with Jim very close behind me.

"This could be an interesting evening, three men and two women." Jim said aloud.

"I'm sure it will work out Jim. Jayne loves to get fucked by two men at a time." Kim answered as she held my husbands hand leading him over to a two seater settee.

I sat down next to Jim watching Stuart as he walked around the room and lit some candles, then turned the lights down low and made himself comfortable next to me. The scented candles gave the room a romantic feeling and we sat quietly enjoying the moment..  

"Nice wine Gary and a nice car too Jim," Stuart finally said breaking the silence.

"Yes nice wine but let's not talk petrol fumes please darling," Kim said scowling at her husband. I saw Stuart smile at her and nod towards the TV.

"Stuart wants you to watch one of our DVD's," Kim said as her husband went over to the TV and slipped a disc into the DVD player.

"You took some video of Australia then?" I asked innocently.

"Yes we did but I thought this one might be more appropriate for this evening." Stuart said laughing amused by my innocent comment.

"We have some travel film to watch too if you prefer Jayne but I know Stuart is particularly proud of his camera work in this. I enjoy this sort of home movie!" Kim said giggling.

I felt a bit embarrassed by my comment for a moment and sat quietly between Jim and Stuart as the film started. The picture showed Kim in a mirror putting on bright red lipstick and panned back so we could see Stuart holding the video camera. It looked like a budget hotel room with Kim sitting at a dressing table and then Stuart scanned to the door in response to a quiet knocking.

"This is in a small motel on the Gold Coast. We went for a long weekend and had a bit of fun." Kim said quietly.

We watched in silence as the picture centred on Kim again and she got up wearing a black lacy basque, stockings and high heels. She looked statuesque and simply gorgeous as she walked over to the door and Stuart zoomed in her arse. Kim hid herself behind the door as she opened it and let two black guys in before she closed the door and followed them to the middle of the room. 

"You didn't tell me about this the other week you tart!" I said playfully to Kim.

"I know, I wanted it be a surprise for tonight. Anyway it's your fault Jayne, you have told me so many times about enjoying black cock I thought I had better try it and Stuart set this up while we were in Australia. He found these guys from a swinger's site, we had a drink first with them in the bar downstairs and told them what we wanted and then went for it!"

The two black men stood at the end of the bed and Kim walked between them. Immediately they went to work on her pawing her body and clearly enjoying her big tits. Then hands on her shoulders pushed her to her knees and after a flurry of belts and zips undone she had one cock in her mouth and the other in her hand which she quickly began to alternate between. We heard some muffled words from Stuart as he directed the action and she was led over to the bed. She lay on her back and her knickers were peeled off and basque pulled down freeing her tits and a mouth found a pussy and fingers pumped in and out of her vagina. The disc played and we watched in silence as she was vigorously fucked as they alternated between using her pussy and shoving their thick black cocks down her throat.  A few moments later my husband Stuart got up and asked, "Anyone for another drink?"

We all nodded and murmured yes and then Jim turned to me and kissed me deeply. I was feeling turned on by watching the film and the expectation and loved it as Jim eased his hands inside my dress and fondled my tits. While he kissed me I reached down and fondled him feeling his cock thicken.

I heard the clinking of glasses and the settee slump a little as Stuart returned.  "Nice show, I'm glad you two are getting things started. Let me have some now Jim."

I broke my kiss with Jim and turned to Stuart who kissed me deeply his tongue probing my mouth. His hands went to my chest and he pushed my wrap over dress open and off my shoulders. I felt Jim's hands on my bra and within seconds they had me in just my hold up stockings and knickers.

The room was silent for a moment as Stuart and I made out until Kim screaming out in orgasm on the TV grabbed our attention. For a moment we all watched Kim cumming noisily pinned face down on the bed and fucked from behind. We all just watched the action as she was turned over onto her back and the two black guys knelt over her and took off their condoms.

"Watch this Jayne and see how much spunk Kim takes now." Stuart said.

Kim was now taking one cock down her throat and the camera zoomed in so you could only see his black cock sliding deep between the painted bright red lips on her white face. The other man was kneeling beside her head wanking himself off. 

"I'm gonna cum in your mouth."

He didn't slow down as she looked up at him. He stiffened and started to cum and Kim didn't flinch as he filled her mouth. He continued to slide his cock between her lips and his cum poured from her mouth over her face. As he took his cock from her mouth the other guy came and his cum shot over her face and hair. She grabbed hold of his cock and sunk her mouth over the end. The camera moved in closer still as Kim smiled, licked her lips and swallowed.

"You really are a dirty bitch Kim and definitely like cum!" I said grinning at my best friend.

"Take's one to know one Jayne!"

Stuart and Jim both got up, Stuart walking over to the TV and removing the DVD while Jim was now standing in front of me quickly undressing down to his black trunks. I had already felt that he was hard and I reached out and ran my hand over his cock. 

"You are a tease Jim, let's have these off too."

He pulled down his pants and his cock sprang free. It was gloriously thick with a large knob head that was glistening with pre-cum. He held it in one hand slowly stroking it just inches from my face.

"What a nice thick, hard cock you have James," I said giggling. 

I reached out to caress it and slowly stroked, it felt hard and silky smooth. As I grasped it firmly he wrapped his hands in my red hair and I leaned forward and wrapped my mouth around the end of his cock. He gripped my hair and started to gently thrust.

"Oh yeah, you are very special Jayne. Suck it babe."

I was distracted momentarily and took my mouth off his cock as Kim stood up quickly and dropped her dress to the floor. She was naked underneath and then leaned over my husband facing him and his hands immediately went to her big and full tits. I looked over at Stuart who was standing in the middle of the room and saw how turned on he was watching his wife with my husband.

"You like to watch your other half at it too then Jayne?"

"I like seeing my husband have a good time and I always owe him something special."

I saw Kim whisper something to my husband and then he stood up and they headed off towards the bedrooms holding hands. Stuart hesitated in the centre of the room for a moment looking at me and then towards the bedrooms before he quietly walked off to follow his wife. 

"Do you want to join them Jayne? Or we could stay in here or go off to one of the other bedrooms?" Jim asked.

"One of the other bedrooms Jim, I enjoy a bit of comfort these days."

As I spoke Jim held my helping me to my feet and then pulled me tightly against him. With one hand in the middle of my back and the other squeezing my bottom he forced his leg between mine so his thigh pressed against my pussy as he nuzzled into my neck. 

"Blimey you're keen Jim."

"Keen to shag you Jayne, you are a little minx."

I opened my legs as his hand moved around from my back and between my legs to let his fingers reach my already wet pussy. He inserted a finger into me and we kissed passionately while he finger-fucked me. 

After a few minutes I pulled back from our kiss and looked Jim in the eyes and reached down and wrapped my hand around his cock and began stroking it slowly. I really was enjoying feeling the hardness of his cock and his fingers on my pussy and wanted him to fuck me.

"Come on Jim let's find a bedroom."

"Ok, let's get these off first though." He said bending down and removing my soaked thong.

We walked holding hands down the corridor to see Stuart standing in the door watching what was happening on the bed with my husband and his wife. I stood next to Stuart and Jim stood behind me holding my hips and pulled me back against him grinding his erection into my bum.

"Enjoying the view?" I whispered into Stuart's ear.

Stuart was looking into the room intently at Gary fucking his wife. My husband had his hands on her hips ramming his cock in and out. He moved a hand up and grabbed her thick red hair pulling her head up so her eyes locked on her husband as he fucked her. 

"Your husband is a dirty bastard," Stuart answered me in a whisper. Kim looked at me and smiled and licked her lips. 

I walked into the room and bent down to Kim and kissed her deeply. I continued kissing her as I ran my hands under her body and pinched her nipples as her huge boobs swung back and forth under her. Then I quickly stood up and smiled at me husband, "Go on give it to her hard the dirty bitch loves it." 

"Come on Jayne," Jim said reaching out to my hand and pulling me away. "We'll leave Stuart to enjoy the show."

I felt just a little disappointed as I had planned to have both of them but let Jim guided me further down the hall and through a door into another bedroom with a small double bed in. Slipping off my heels I got on the bed naked except for hold-up stockings.  

Jim wasted no time and got his head down between my legs and began licking my pussy and within seconds I was soon squirming with delight as he fingered and licked me expertly. I heard my pussy squelching as his fingers went faster and his tongue went deeper and I closed my eyes as I felt myself getting closer to cumming.  

Jim then locked his lips on my clit and sucked hard pushing me over the edge, "Oh fuck! I'm cumming!" I moaned. I shuddered and wrapped my legs around Jim's neck keeping him down there as I writhed and mashed my pussy in his face.

"Its time you got fucked Jayne."  Jim said easing out from between my thighs. I heard him fumbling around and the sound of him putting on a condom. I knew what was next as he quickly moved and positioned himself between my spread thighs and ran his hands over my body. 

He pulled my legs up and leaning on his outstretched arms and slowly pushed his cock into me. I closed my eyes and moved my hips as my pussy adjusted to his size and he kept pushing till he was all the way in me.

"Fuck, you are hot and wet Jayne, I love your tight pussy," Jim moaned as he thrust deep inside.

Then I felt something warm touch the side of my face and looked up to see Stuart's cock over me as he knelt next to my head.  He put one hand on my forehead, turning my head sideways so that my closed lips were against his cock. He pushed forward, against my lips with his hard shaft until they were forced to open.

"That's it Jayne," he said forcefully. "Take it all in, all the way."

My eyes opened wide as he penetrated the depths of my mouth and then began to slide it in and out of my mouth. He held my head tightly and simply fucked my mouth.

"I'm not going to last long Jayne. I loved watching your husband and my wife fucking."

I heard him moan with pleasure and felt his cock pulsing and jerking in my mouth and knew he was about to cum.

"Oh fuck, take it for me Jayne. I'm cumming!" 

I felt a warm wet spot on my tongue that got gradually larger then his cock suddenly spurted and flooded my mouth with several long jets of hot thick cum. It filled my cheeks, pouring down my throat and I had no choice but to swallow it all down as the two men pinned me downed motionless. I swallowed with difficulty as it was so hot, salty and very thick but Stuart held my head firmly.

"C'mon, roll over Jayne I want to do you doggie style."

I rolled over and got on my hands and knees and reached back to guide him into my pussy. He pushed himself deep into me and I felt his balls slap against my lower belly. I grunted loudly as he slapped his cock in and out of my pussy. He wasn't a particularly expert fuck but he was very energetic and had lots of stamina. He fucked me very vigorously for several minutes before I felt him getting hotter and he started to moan.

"Oh fuck yes!" Jim suddenly called out and he pushed himself deep inside me. I felt his cock and balls twitch as he pushed himself deep into my pussy. For a moment we stayed still and I felt his cock deflating inside me until it slipped out and I looked down at the large wet spot I had made on the duvet. 

"It was lovely to meet you Jayne and have some but I really must go." Jim said climbing off the bed. He dressed and then leaned down for a goodnight kiss from me and then shook hands with Stuart before leaving.

I got under the duvet and lay on my side as Stuart climbed in next to me cuddling me from behind his soft cock nestling in my bum. I relaxed as he gently kissed my neck but suddenly opened my eyes as I heard a creak from the door and saw Kim standing there. She looked lovely naked but her hair and lack of make-up certainly gave her the just fucked look.

"Why don't you and Gary stay the night? It's late and I'm sure you're tired and Gary has said he doesn't fancy driving home?"

"Thank you Kim it's a good idea."

Stuart pulled me a little closer, "I'm pleased you are staying Jayne."

"Me too, thank you for your hospitality Stuart but I just want to sleep right now."

I felt shattered and within minutes was fast asleep. When I finally stirred daylight was streaming in through the window and I could hear movement from elsewhere in the house. For a moment I thought Stuart was up and about until his erection nudged against me from behind and a hand went round my body to garb my boobs. I just lay still as Stuart nudged further between my legs until I raised a leg slightly and he eased just inside me. We lay still for a moment until he pushed again getting deeper inside me and steadily got quicker.

"Take it out Stuart," I whispered back over my shoulder.

He groaned in disappointment but pulled back out of me. I quickly rolled onto my back, spread my legs and pulled him over me. "Come on Stuart, don't fuck me make love to me."

He easily slipped deep inside me again and I was lost in passion again as Stuart made deep passionate love to me. Stuart made me cum and carried on hard inside me until I could feel his cock throbbing and he started to gasp for breath. 

I wrapped my legs around his back, "do it Stuart cum inside me."

He held me tightly pinning me down into the mattress and grunted, "I'm cumming in you!" 

He moaned and I felt his hot semen shooting inside me. He thrust again and I felt more warm jets of his warm cum shoot into me as my pussy gripped his cock milking his cum. Slowly he came down from his climax and withdrew and globs of cum spilled onto my thighs.
