 Once a shy and relatively reserved married woman, Carole has been taken to a country house, Chilcott Manor, by her new-found friend Jules who had earlier tried, with some success to seduce her. The Manor turned out to be a club in which the members indulged in a wide range of sexual activities. In Chapter 2 Carole arrived at the Manor and was inducted into the membership; at the end of the chapter she had been led back to her bedroom, aching and exhausted, after being taken by a succession of men during her ceremony. 

This chapter originally included a much longer version of the story about the bet between the identical twins, Rachel and Helen, before I decided that it distracted from the main story and would sit better as a separate short story. 

The story may make more sense if you read chapters one and two before embarking on this one. 

***** 

Back in your room you slumped onto a couch while Jules poured glasses of chilled white wine for the three of you. She left Erin's on the table and brought the remaining two to the couch. Placing hers on a side table, she lifted yours to your lips and gently tilted it until you were able to sip the wine. A couple of drops spilled from your lips onto your breasts and Jules leaned over to lick them up with her tongue. Having done so, she took one of your nipples into her mouth and, grasping it gently with her teeth, stretched it. Then she brought her lips up to yours and kissed you, lightly at first, but then her mouth opened and her tongue teased into your mouth. Jules put her hands on the sides of your head and held you in this embrace. For the first time ever, you were being kissed passionately - that is to say in an overtly sexual way - by another woman. 

Suddenly you felt your legs being parted. Erin slipped her hand between your thighs and began to caress you. The side of her fore-finger rubbed across and between your labia. You were wet, both from your own arousal and from all the sperm that had been left inside you and was now seeping out. Two fingers slipped up inside you, then a third, opening you. With her other hand she uncovered your clit and began caressing it with her thumb. You winced slightly, sore from the repeated penetration you had undergone. 

'Sshh', whispered Jules in your ear. She leaned over to the side table and took two tablets, which she popped into your mouth, offering you the glass of wine to wash them down. 'These will make you feel a lot better. They'll relax you and stop you hurting.' 

Between your legs, Erin's fingers were working deeply into you, her thumb flicking across your clit. You felt yourself thrusting against her hand, willing it to enter you more deeply, parting your legs as widely as possible to make the access as easy as possible for her. You had never felt so wanton. You wondered whether your husband Peter, back at home, could possibly have imagined what a 'girl's weekend' away might be turning into but you felt no guilt. You were enjoying the experience far too much. 

'Such a beautiful sight', said Jules, watching your sex intently as Erin's fingers slipped relentlessly inside you. She put her hand on Erin's, forcing her fingers more deeply into you. 

'I love that you're enjoying this so much. Now do it to me as well', she urged. 'Touch my cunt, make me cum too.' 

She took your hand and placed it between her own legs. You began to rub her slit, feeling the wetness, finding her hardening clit. Suddenly, the feel of her and what Erin was doing between your legs was too much and you felt your orgasm bursting. You threw your head back and let out a strangled scream while your fingers plunging into Jules's open sex brought her to a peak too. Her cries of 'oh fuck, fuck, fuck...' filled the room. As Erin withdrew her fingers from you, your cunt gaped open and pulsated with the aftershocks of your orgasm. 

Erin's lips brushed yours and then she put her fingers to your mouth. You let her slide them between your lips and licked them with your tongue, enjoying the taste of yourself. Jules then took your hand, the hand that had been inside her, and placed that, too, to your lips. The taste of her was subtly different, but just as wonderful. 

Jules reached over and kissed you. 

'Your life is going to be truly wonderful from now on', she murmured. 'But now,' she added, 'you should have a quick shower and then to bed. I have the feeling that tomorrow might be a long day, so sleep in for as long as you can in the morning. You'll be brought breakfast when it's time to get up.' 

Worn out by the evening's activities, you fell asleep very quickly and by the time you woke the sun was streaming through a gap in the curtains. The bed felt impossibly comfortable which made it very easy to resist the temptation to get up. Instead, you stretched and then settled back. 

As you remembered everything that had happened the previous evening and contemplated what the new day might bring, you allowed your hand to idly caress your body. You had been displayed in front of more people than had ever seen you naked before in your adult life. They had watched you penetrate yourself with a dildo. Five men had fucked you in either your cunt or your mouth. And three women had explored your most intimate parts. The thought of it all began to overwhelm you and you couldn't stop yourself spreading the lips of your sex and seeking out your aching clit with one hand while the other attended to your nipples. It didn't take long for you to reach your first orgasm of the day. 

The sensations had only just begun to subside when there was a knock on the door and a young man entered, pushing a breakfast trolley. It was as if you were in a grand hotel receiving room service, with one important exception - the young man was naked. What is more, he was sporting a fine erection which was emphasised by the fact that his cock and balls were hairless. He drew the curtains and began to lay a setting for breakfast on the table in front of the window. He invited you to come and choose what you wanted for breakfast. You hesitated for a moment, remembering your nakedness, but then you swung your legs out of the bed and walked confidently across the room. After all, he had probably seen you naked and being fucked the previous evening so there was little point in being shy now. Indeed, he may even have been one of the masked men who had entered your body. 

The young man served up your choice of breakfast dishes and poured your coffee. 

'Is there anything else I can do for you, madam?' he asked. 

As if in answer, you reached out and took his erection in your hand, drawing him close to your chair. Your fingers explored his penis, feeling every ridge and drawing back his foreskin to fully expose the head, before taking his balls in your hand and gently manipulating them. His erection became, if anything, even firmer. You opened your mouth and drew the cock into it. He began to thrust his hips, as if to fuck your mouth, but you raised your hand to signal him to stop. You preferred to do the work. You began to suck vigorously, taking more and more of him into your mouth. It wasn't long before you felt his cock pulsating and he shot a long stream of sperm deep into your mouth. You swallowed as much as you could but some spilled out of the corners of your mouth and down onto your breasts. 

'Wonderful', said a woman's voice from the other side of the room, 'an excellent performance.' You spun round in surprise - you hadn't heard the door open - and saw Marianne standing there. She was wearing a blue transparent lace garment which had probably been designed to wear in bed - or, more likely, on the way to it - but Marianne wore it as daywear. It was open in front, the two sides tied together between her breasts, leaving the rest of her body totally exposed. Matching hold up stockings completed the scene. The effect, if anything, was more erotic than if she had been totally naked. 

'I'm glad you're taking full advantage of everything we have to offer', she said, smiling at you. 

She dismissed the young man with a wave but you noticed that as he pushed the trolley past her on his way out of the room, her hand reached out to feel his cock. You noticed that his erection had only slightly subsided and Marianne's brief touch was all it took to bring it back to full readiness. The thought crossed your mind that you would very much like him to fuck you if the opportunity arose. 

As if she was reading your thoughts, Marianne looked towards the closing door. 

'James is my personal servant and he's one of my favourite partners. I normally keep him for myself but I thought that you would particularly enjoy him, so I decided to make an exception in your case. He hasn't got the longest or thickest cock I've ever had in me but he has remarkable staying power and he recovers very quickly. You'd hardly imagine that he fucked me very thoroughly this morning and yet he was able to fill your mouth with so much cum just half an hour later. Did you like the taste of him, by the way', she asked. 

'I certainly did. Why do you ask?' you replied. 

'I keep him on a special diet to prevent his cum tasting bitter. It makes it so much more enjoyable to savour in my mouth. He's only allowed one cup of coffee a day and onions and garlic are out, for example, as are most spicy dishes. He has to eat pineapple every day. We will make sure that he gives you a very good fucking before you leave. I know you'll enjoy it. In the meantime, you'd better get on with your breakfast before it gets cold. Jules and Erin will be in to get you ready for the day. They will bathe you. We need you freshened and tightened for the day's activities. I will be in later to see how you're getting on.' 

With that she turned and left the room, leaving you to finish your breakfast. Jules and Erin came into the room soon after you'd finished eating. Both were naked. Erin led you into the bathroom and watched you while you used the toilet - something you found a little disconcerting; she said she had to be sure you had emptied yourself completely - before helping you step into the bath. The water was scented and just the right temperature - not too hot and not too cold. Although they weren't needed for light, scented candles added to the mood. Erin lent you back against a towel which she then wrapped around your head to keep your hair dry. She allowed you to relax in the water for a few minutes before helping you to stand. She then soaped her hands and washed every part of your body. 

'Open your legs,' she instructed. 

You did so. She took another nozzle from the side of the bath and fitted it in place of the shower head. When she turned it on, it emitted a jet of cool water. Her fingers spread your labia and she directed the water at the entrance to your vagina. It felt beautifully cooling and refreshing. You could feel yourself tightening as the cool water entered you. She then turned you round, told you to bend over at the waist and hold your buttocks apart. She put the nozzle to your behind and pressed it gently but firmly into your anal opening, allowing the water to flood into you, which you found a strange and novel experience. Finally, she reattached the shower head and washed the soap off your body. 

Your bath finished, Erin took you back into the bedroom and positioned you in front of a set of three angled full length mirrors. While you stood in front of the mirrors she sprayed perfume on your body: your neck, under your arms, your breasts, your wrists and your sex. She told you to bend forward and, asking Jules to part the cheeks of your buttocks, she sprayed it between them. This done, she moved a chair in front of the mirrors and told you to sit in it. You did so, only to find that it had a raised mound between your legs, forcing you to keep your legs splayed apart so that, when you looked in the mirror in front of you, you could see your body openly displayed. You found the sight quite erotic as you imagined other people looking at you like that and wanting to make use of your sex. 

Erin then removed the towel from your head and began to brush your hair, restoring it to a pristine state. Finally, she applied a little glossy rouge to your nipples and the surrounding areola, as well as to the lips of your sex, and finished with a light touch of lipstick around your mouth. She had just completed this when Marianne returned, accompanied by a man who she introduced as her husband, Anthony. He was wearing a transparent shirt and a pair of black trousers. The trousers were open in the front so that his genitals were exposed. 

'Of course, you've met Anthony already'. 

When you looked doubtful, she added, laughing, 'he fucked you yesterday evening, though you wouldn't have been aware of that. I have to say that he was very impressed. He was so taken with you that I half expected him to come to your bedroom last night to give you another fucking'. 

Marianne took the chair at the table. You sat on the edge of the bed, while Anthony sat on a couch opposite the bed. Jules and Erin, meanwhile, stood unobtrusively in the corner of the room. 

Marianne explained that during the daytime many of the guests preferred to be completely naked, though some liked to dress in clothes like those that she and Anthony were wearing. They hid little but added an air of mystique and eroticism. If the weather was good, most people took advantage of the terrace or the outdoor pool and its surrounds but there were other activities available in the Manor or its grounds for those who wished them. 

Many of the evening activities were set-piece occasions, such as the initiation of a new member, but other than that they were normally only initiated by the male guests. However, during the day women were encouraged to take the lead. Daytime sex was very different to the evening events. It was much more casual and social for a start - it tended to happen within groups of friends relaxing together. It was quite common for women to bring their husbands to erection, either manually or orally, or for husbands to bring their wives close to orgasm and then to hand them over to some other person who had to fuck them to completion. Positions such as doggy or reverse cowgirl were much preferred because they enabled everyone to observe and enjoy the penetration. 

Daytime sex was, more often than not, an extremely convivial and communal affair. Observers were expected to contribute to the act, perhaps by stimulating the woman's clit or nipples or caressing the man's balls. They might comment on the couple's performance and technique or express appreciation of and interest in their bodies and, in particular, their genitals. Not everyone could manage it - some people were far too distracted - but it was also hoped that the participants would tell everyone in explicit detail what they were experiencing and enjoying, especially if their husbands or wives were present. This could often have interesting effects on other members of the group. 

Marianne said that they would all go out to the pool in a short while but for now there were one or two things to attend to. The first thing she wished to do was to examine you. She had briefly checked out your sex and anus the previous day but now she needed to subject you to a more detailed examination. She explained that the Manor kept a full record of each of its members, covering their physical attributes as well as their sexual preferences, capabilities and performance. All of these details, including photographs and videos - yours would be taken later that morning - were made available to all members and prospective new members. 

Some members, Marianne explained, were regular guests at the Manor but others were unable to be frequent visitors; they often liked to know in advance the intimate details of those who would be fellow guests during their visits and might even want to time a visit to coincide with that of a member who particularly appealed. 

Marianne opened a drawer in the table and took out an audio recorder and a measuring tape. After checking that the recorder was working properly, she told you to follow her into the bathroom, where she weighed you and measured your height. The pair of you then returned to the bedroom and, after resuming her seat at the table, Marianne instructed you to stand between her parted legs. She began recording your details. 

'Carole D: age 40, brown neck-length hair, brown eyes, complexion medium, height 176cm, weight 60kg. Measurements: 36-27-36. Overall build medium, muscle tone good. Mouth...' 

She broke off. 

'Judging by your performance with James this morning, oral sex is obviously something you're amply proficient at. Can you take a cock in your throat though?' she asked. 

'I've never been able to do that. I start gagging.' 

'That's something we'll need to see to. Mouth', she continued, this time for the benefit of the recorder, 'subject observed to carry out oral sex, performed to male's full satisfaction, with swallowing. Will need training for penetration of throat.' 

Moving on, Marianne reached up to your breasts and felt them. 

'They're natural, I assume', she asked, to which you nodded in reply. 

'Breasts 36C, natural, firm, with no sag. Nipples and areola mid-brown, the nipples tending to large, centrally-positioned, pointing slightly outwards. Areola 3cm across, pucker readily under stimulation.' 

'Moving on to Carole's genitals', Marianne said to the recorder. 'Pubic hair: brown medium growth. Mons pubis: well rounded. Vulva: Very highly slit. Outer labia are firm and full but are well separated, even with her legs together, so that her medium length inner labia are highly visible and prominent.' 

Marianne drew you closer to her. She beckoned Erin to come towards her. 

'Hold her open for me', she instructed. 

Erin did as she was told and parted your labia with her fingers. Marianne leaned forward with the measuring tape and used it to take a measurement of your most intimate parts. That done, she continued speaking to the recorder. 

'The inner labia might be an interesting opportunity for piercing and fitting with rings. The hood of her clitoris is particularly long but, even so, the head of the clitoris protrudes from it slightly. The clitoris itself is a little bigger than average and is sited closer to the vagina than most.' 

Marianne paused and you took the opportunity to interrupt her. 

'Is that a bad thing - to have my clit closer to my vagina than normal', you asked. 

'Not at all', Marianne replied. She smiled. 'It means you have a much greater chance of getting stimulation from a penetrating cock to bring you to orgasm', she said, 'and a larger clit helps too. In your case, too, the parts of your inner labia immediately underneath the clit are less - how shall I put it - less meaty than they are lower down. That means that there is less to interfere with the contact between your clit and whatever cock is inside you.' 

Marianne's use of the words 'whatever cock is inside you' took you aback. Until yesterday, you had only slept with three men and one of those - the only one since you'd been married - was your husband Peter. One was the boy who took your virginity during a particularly drunken 18th birthday party, a brief and scarcely memorable event. The second was a boyfriend who only lasted a matter of months. Until yesterday the only cock in you would have been Peter's. Now Marianne was talking of 'whatever cock is inside you', making it clear that there would be plenty and that the identity of the owners of those cocks would be a matter of little importance. 

Marianne seemed to sense the way you were thinking. 

'You will soon discover, if you haven't already begun to do so, that raw sexual excitement and pleasure comes from the cock that is fucking you at the time, or the tongue that's caressing you, or the fingers that are exploring you, and not from the person that's wielding them.' 
