 Once a shy and relatively reserved married woman, Carole has been taken to a country house, Chilcott Manor, by her new-found friend Jules. In Chapter 3 Carole learned much more about the Manor and was photographed and filmed for her dossier. When she arrived at home, wondering what, if anything, she would say to her husband Peter, she was dumbfounded when Peter asked after Marianne and Anthony, the hosts at the Manor. 

There was a stunned silence. You stood rigid, speechless, unable to believe what your husband Peter had just said. During the whole journey home from the Manor you'd been worrying about how you were going to face him and whether he might suspect something but now, it appeared, he knew about the Manor all along. 

But how? Peter had to be a member. But what about Jules? You first met her, all that time ago, purely by accident – literally. You couldn't have been set up but, on the other hand, if it was a coincidence, it would have been a remarkable one. Your mind was working overtime but you couldn't stand there for ever, looking like a startled deer. You had to say something; ideally something as non-committal and non-incriminating as possible – just in case.

'How come you know Marianne and Anthony?' You had difficulty getting the words out.

'I've known Anthony for more years than I care to remember', Peter said, a smile spreading over his face. 'He was one of the firm's first customers. I didn't meet Marianne, though, until I visited the Manor for the first time. They'd just bought it and were working on their plans for it. Anthony knew he could trust me and in exchange for my help, he made me a member.'

'Let me get this right,' you interrupted, 'you've been a member at the Manor since it began, which means you've been fucking women there behind my back ever since.' Your defensiveness was now boiling over into anger. 'Any reason why I shouldn't cut your balls off here and now?'

Peter roared with laughter. 'I think, madam', he said, 'after what you've been up to this weekend, you don't have a great deal of room to talk. Anthony just emailed me copies of your files. They're very good.'

'But what about Jules? Where did she come into it?'

'Bob and Jules have been members at the Manor for a couple of years and I'd bumped into them there.'

'But I only met Jules by accident', you protested.

'Yes, I know, that really was just coincidence. I recognised Jules when she came round here one time. I've wanted to introduce you to the Manor for a long time but it never seemed to be the right time to broach it and I doubted if you'd ever be ok with it. I could never imagine you agreeing to sex outside the two of us. After a while, it occurred to me that maybe Jules could succeed where if I couldn't and I put the idea to her. Seems I was right.'

'I can't believe this.' You shook your head as if to confirm your disbelief.

'Neither can I. I hated going to the Manor alone but... Anyway, perhaps we should go indoors. The front drive is hardly the place to talk about this. In fact, perhaps we should go up to the bedroom, unless my dear wife has been so thoroughly fucked over the weekend that another fuck would be out of the question...'

You giggled: 'I think I could just about squeeze you in.'

Peter picked up your bag and carried it into the house, his other arm round your back. The pair of you headed straight up the stairs to your bedroom. Peter dropped your bag and held you at arms' length in front of him, looking at you with pride and appreciation before pulling you close and kissing you passionately. When, finally, your mouths separated, he ran his fingers round your lips.

'I bet these have been round one or two cocks this weekend and even a few pussies too, if I'm not much mistaken.'

You blushed, while Peter moved back a step and began undressing you. It wasn't long before you were down to your panties. Peter knelt in front of you and began easing them down. He looked avidly at your cunt as he did so, as if imagining the cocks that had entered it.

'I won't ask how many', he said, 'but I'd love to know what was special about any of them and what you enjoyed the most.'

The blush returned to your face. 

'I'm not sure I can tell you face to face', she said. 'Maybe when I get more used to it... I tell you what, take off your clothes and lay on the bed.'

'Ok', he said, looking at you quizzically. He had his clothes off very quickly, revealing a very firm erection.

'It's been like that all weekend, imagining what you've been up to.'

He moved over to the bed and lay down. You followed, lay down beside him, and then shifted on top of him. You reached down between your legs and fed his cock into your cunt. You slid yourself down, taking it fully inside. Peter groaned beneath you as he felt you completely surrounding him.

'Now', you said, 'stay very still and keep that thing just where it is. Close your eyes – and keep them closed – and then you can ask me anything you like. If you open your eyes, though, that's it.'

Peter closed his eyes dutifully. There was silence from him for a few moments, then: 'What was the best bit of all?'

You giggled again. 'Oh boy, you ask all the easy questions, don't you? Well you're out of luck because there wasn't a single best bit. But there were lots of highlights. Shall I tell you about some of them?'

'All of them', Peter whispered in your ear.

'Ok', you said, 'this will probably surprise you but what was really erotic was having Marianne examine me. I've been examined by doctors before but that was completely different.'

You explained how her dispassionate, factual approach was at odds with the sexual undertones of the situation. When her fingers penetrated you it was to explore you sexually, not to investigate your health. You told Peter how you'd been taken aback by Marianne's words 'whatever cock is inside you' but how you found the idea highly erotic. 

'She made me think about all the cocks I was going to have in there...' You checked that Peter's eyes were shut. '...inside my cunt, and how it was going to be pure fucking.'

'You like the thought of that?'

'Oh yes I do. Please don't get me wrong – I love you, I love you fucking me, and I adore you making love to me. But when I'm with you I'm always thinking about you and it's about your pleasure and mine. When I have another cock in me, it's about my pleasure and mine alone. It's nothing more than what that cock's doing to my cunt. It's like using a living dildo.'

'What about your initial presentation?'

'Being the only one naked in front of an audience, that was something amazing. Knowing that I was spread open for them all to see my most intimate private parts and then to be fucked in front of them by cock after cock. One of them was very thick and I did like that. He really stretched me.'

You could feel Peter becoming restive beneath you, trying to move inside you, trying to stimulate himself.

'What else?' he asked. 

'It has to be when James took me from behind. I loved it when he did it while they took photographs but when they were videoing... It was incredible, so slow and rhythmic. I was just being pounded so steadily – the feeling of him plunging in as far as it could go, being stretched over and over again, feeling him rubbing on my G-Spot. I haven't cum like I did on his cock in a long time. It was just so unbelievable.'

Peter was still trying to move inside you. You couldn't resist now, and began sliding up and down on his cock. You knew he wanted you; you knew he wanted you to cum for him; you wanted to make him cum inside you. You began to gyrate your hips against him. You levered yourself up off him and grasped the headboard, using it to give yourself more room to manoeuvre down below.

'I'm going to fuck you', you growled down at Peter, 'I'm going to fuck your cum out of you like no-one has ever done.'

You started to squeeze him with your vaginal muscles. 

'Oh sweet fucking...Ahhhhhhhhh.'

You felt his cock pulsate and throb as his hot sperm shot out into the depths of your body. The sensations were the final straw for you. You drove your hips down on him before he had time to begin to subside, grunting fiercely as each thrust bore down, and your own orgasm suddenly welled up and overpowered you. You cried out, letting out a long wail, before collapsing, exhausted, on top of Peter.

The two of you lay there, shattered, for many minutes, until you eventually found the energy to lift yourself a little and shower Peter with kisses. Then you spoke quietly in his ear.

'Take me back to the Manor, take me back soon.'

'Oh, I have every intention of doing that', he replied.

*****

It was, in fact, the following Friday afternoon when you set out for the Manor again. For Peter, this was unusual, as most of his visits had, perforce, to be on weekday nights when he had supposedly been away on business trips. In the absence of any new initiates that weekend, there was to be a cabaret evening on the Saturday, albeit a cabaret of the sort that only the Manor could put on. You and Peter spent much of the week leading up to the visit planning what your contribution would be and preparing for it.

One thing that Peter did, now that you were aware that he was a member at the Manor, was to remove his pubic hair. 

'If I'd done it before', he told you, 'you might have wondered why. Quite a few of the male members do it and it does make their cocks look more impressive.'

On the Friday evening, you arrived in good time to shower and change into the dress of the Manor. However, by the time you emerged from the shower and had dried and readied yourself, Peter had dressed but the flap of his trousers was open, revealing his cock. He took the chair from the writing desk and placed it in the middle of the room. He told you to face it, bend at the waist, and hold on to the seat of the chair. He then moved beside your face and told you to suck his cock. You did this until he was fairly well erect and then he moved behind you, from where he slipped his cock into you without ceremony. He gave three or four thrusts into you before stopping abruptly and pulling out. He felt into your cunt with his fingers.

'That's excellent', he said. 'I always find that leaves the man's cock nicely tumescent, with that aching feeling that comes with the lack of release, and the woman wet and slightly open. It looks and feels good if anyone wants to explore.'

Once you'd dressed, you went down to the Main Reception Room for drinks before dinner. Marianne was there as you entered the room and immediately came across to greet you. She kissed you on the lips and ran her fingers over the nipple of one of your breasts, causing it to stiffen.

'My dear girl, it is so lovely to see you again, and I'm delighted to see that you're with Peter this time. Now, my dear', she said, steering you conspiratorially to one side, 'I had better tell you that the dossier we made up with your details, pictures and videos has created a lot of interest and I think you're going to be much in demand. You have my permission to ration yourself out if you wish – or perhaps you'd rather just enjoy yourself and take everything that's on offer. I think you might find that rather tiring as a relatively new member, though, and you might find it spoils the weekend if you get too sore too quickly.'

Dinner was served in the Great Hall as usual, you and Peter sitting at the top table, as befitted Peter's long-standing membership. After dinner, some guests lingered in the Great Hall, while others moved to either of the Blue or Green Lounges or the Library. Couples were discouraged from staying together on these casual evenings, but Peter chose the Blue Lounge. He wanted to introduce you to a few of his friends, both male and female. Some, of course, you had already met – Don and Louise, for example – but others were new to you. They all, without exception, looked you closely up and down. One blonde-haired woman, Christina, slipped her hand through the slit in your skirt and between your legs. It emerged covered in your wetness. She raised her fingers to her face, smelled them and then ran her tongue over them, savouring your juices.

'Hmmm, delicious. I trust we shall get to know each other very well.'

As she walked away, Peter whispered in your ear. 'Christina doesn't take no for an answer. She's here with her girlfriend, Angel, that rather meek young girl over there. I gather that a threesome with them can be fun.'

Angel, in fact, was on her knees and had opened the trouser flap of a somewhat portly gentleman. He was in her mouth and she was working him with enthusiasm. After a few minutes he took hold of her head and worked it even faster. Many of the people turned towards him as he reached a very noisy peak and filled the girl's mouth with his cum. She swallowed it back and proceeded to clean him up, before replacing the cock and rebuttoning the man's trousers. 

You turned round to say something to Peter but he had vanished, so you thought you'd explore the other rooms. On the way out you passed a sofa on which were seated a young couple. He was handsome, dark-haired and tanned; she was tall and slender. The girl reached out and took your hand in hers, drawing you towards her. With her other hand she parted your dress and gazed intently at your sex. She ran her fingers lightly over your slit, feeling the moistened folds of your inner labia. She turned to her partner. 

'Have you taken her yet, Michael?' she asked.

He shook his head.

'So why don't we all go upstairs – I'd like to watch you fuck her. I gather she's very good.'

With that, the girl stood up, kissed you on the lips, and introduced herself as Clare. She then took you by the hand and led you down the corridor to the main staircase. Michael followed. Eventually, you reached their bedroom and Clare led you inside. Michael sat on the bed while you and Clare stood opposite each other.

'Michael is shy. This is only his second time here and he can't get used to the idea that he can fuck virtually any woman he wants, so it's down to me to start things off.'

She turned to Michael and told him to stand up. She quickly unbuttoned and removed his shirt, followed by his trousers, revealing a prominently erect cock. She took hold of it, her fingers, even though they were long, not quite encompassing it. 

'I may be biased', she said, looking at you, 'but I do think Michael's cock is the most beautiful one I've seen here. I love watching him use it. That moment when it disappears inside a woman, especially if she gives a little sound as it enters her.'

She told Michael to lie on the bed and then turned you to face him. The Manor's uniform once more proved its utility as Clare swiftly removed your clothes. She exposed your breasts first; although you'd never regarded them as particularly large, Michael gave an appreciative smile, maybe because Clare's were small. Your skirt and petticoat followed quickly. 

It was obvious that Clare was a little reluctant to touch you but that didn't stop her looking closely at your body as she undressed you. In particular, she lingered as she slid your petticoat down, exposing your sex. You supposed that this was partly for Michael's benefit – his cock became even more erect as the sight was revealed to him – but also for hers. You could feel your arousal down there and you guessed that you were probably quite open. 

'I wish that my clitoris was that big and so visible', she said, but whether it was to you or to Michael you weren't sure. 'Mine's tiny and it's hidden away most of the time.'

Then, and this was definitely to you: 'Are you ready to fuck him? Are you aroused enough?'

When you nodded she asked you to mount Michael straightaway. You knelt on the bed and swung one knee over him, so that you were poised above him. Clare took hold of his cock and pointed it directly upwards. You sank down a little until you could feel the tip brush your lower lips. Clare rubbed its head along your slit and you knew, without looking, that it would soon be coated in a mixture of your wetness and his pre-cum. When it was, Clare rubbed the cock over the exposed nub of your clit. She allowed you to enjoy the sensations for a few moments before lining it up with the entrance to your cunt.

You sank down onto his cock, giving an involuntary gasp as it entered you. You'd never been aware before that you did that – it was only Clare's mention of it that made you notice it now – and you wondered if you always did it. You certainly did as you rose and fell, one moment the cock far into your depths, producing a gasp, the next the head almost freeing itself from you, drawing out your labia around it.

'Can I touch you?' Clare asked. She'd been watching closely as you rode her partner's cock and the sight, along with the sounds that his cock was making in your wet cunt, were clearly having an effect on her. 

'I'd love you to'.

Her fingers were on your clit in an instant and quickly had you gasping and moaning. You tried for as long as you could to keep bouncing up and down on the cock inside you, but you found yourself concentrating more and more on the fingers that were becoming merciless.

Clare turned to Michael. 'I want her to cum but you're not to. When she's finished it's my turn. Save your cum for me.'

All three of you could sense the orgasm rising within you. Your moans became more intense as the fingers continued their onslaught and then became one long single anguished cry that coincided with a red rash spreading across your chest. You flopped forward but Clare pushed you off him, giving you no time to recover. She parted her skirt and petticoat, exposing her own sex, and climbed on top of him, sinking straight down on him. You decided to leave the lovers to it, grabbed your clothes, and went off to find a bathroom along the corridor where you could catch your breath and recover properly and then get dressed.

Fifteen minutes later, you went back down the stairs and into the Blue Lounge. Peter was there and hurried over as you entered the room. 

'I've been looking for you', he said. 'A friend of mine was interested in meeting you but he seems to have disappeared now. I thought it was about time you were fucked.'

You simply gave him a self-satisfied smile. It crossed your mind that it Peter thought he was going to arrange your activities at the Manor then he ought to think again. Giving him a wink, you touched a finger to your lips, kissed it, and touched his lips with it. Then you turned in a swirl of skirt and left the room.

Much as you enjoyed your growing appreciation of other women, you really wanted your next encounter to be with a man alone and you wanted it to end with his cum inside you. You wandered into the Library and immediately saw a couple on a couch, both naked, she riding him but facing out into the room. An elegant, middle-aged man with silver hair, stood in front of them, watching. You suspected that it might be his partner who was receiving the cock.

He glanced towards you as you sidled up to him. You put your arm around his waist.

'Don't you wish you had your cock inside a woman?' you murmured in his direction. 

He smiled back at you. 'Did you have any particular woman in mind?'

You answered his question by taking his hand and leading him towards the staircase. As you walked down the corridor, you passed Peter, who looked at you and your impending lover with a touch of surprise. You smiled, wondering if he could ever have imagined that you would take to life at the Manor so enthusiastically. Maybe he thought you were being a touch too enthusiastic. 

You took your new lover to your room. It occurred to you as you were undressing in front of him that you were about to offer your cunt to a man about whom you knew absolutely nothing. You sensed that he was about to introduce himself but you held a finger to his lips to silence him.
