 This is our first submission to Literotica, this was written by my husband Ryan. This is a story of an amazing night that he planned for me. Please leave feedback, positive constructive criticism is appreciated. This is the first chapter in this series, so please enjoy...

********

Let me start by giving you some background, Caroline and I have been married for over 15 years. We both had previously been married, and we both had very different backgrounds. We grew up in different circles of friends and had lots of different experiences. When we met, we had an instant connection. We quickly became best friends for over a year before we became lovers. After dating a short time, we got married and have been happily married since. 

Caroline is an amazingly sexy woman and has a personality to match. She is 5' 4", nice natural D breasts, and beautiful naturally curly hair. She keeps her body waxed, and while the years and motherhood have had their effects, she turns heads wherever she goes. 

Caroline always had a very liberated attitude towards sex. She had enjoyed an adventurous sex life before meeting me and her experiences combined with her confidence in bed, made her incredibly sexy and it was a huge turn on for me. 

While I had many sexual experiences before we got married, after Caroline and I got married, I got to experience many things that I had not previously tried. We had several amazing FMF experiences, we played with another couple, we went to nudist resorts, and we tried a few different MFM encounters that just did not work out to well. 

This last area, the MFM play is where this story starts. I had always been amazed at how awesome Caroline had been about sharing me with other women. She enjoyed seeing me get pleasure, full-filled some of my fantasies and shared me, whom she called a very generous lover, with her friends. These experiences were a blast, and I will write some other stories to describe those, but this story is all about Caroline. 

The MFM encounters as I said before did not go as well as we hoped. In one case it was inexperience, in another case we had partied too hard before we got to bed and it was just sloppy, and in another case nothing seemed to click. These were all learning experiences and looking back now it was easy to see all the things we had done wrong. 

Over the years, I have been reading Literotica and other books and the desire to have a successful MFM experience became something that I wanted to try. I wanted to be able to check this off our list and have had at least one successful MFM threesome. I brought this up to Caroline many times in bed while we had sex, we talked openly about our fantasies and desires when not in bed, and we discussed stories that we had read. Through all of our conversations Caroline always said she did not want to have another threesome with a guy. 

Her reason that she always gave was it was too much to take care of two men's needs. The sex was not the greatest, and she could not truly relax and enjoy it because our previous experiences had been less than fulfilling. 

So this brings us to the present day, I had thought long about how I could do this and I think I had finally come up with a way. I wanted to make this experience entirely about her. I wanted to take all of the pressure off her to satisfy the guy's, and make the focus 100% on her pleasure first, anything else that happened would be an added benefit.

I shared my plan with her, the idea that I had. Four hands are touching her body, two mouths bringing pleasure to every part of her body, the focus being her orgasms as the goal. She had never looked at a threesome with a guy that way and she was intrigued and open to trying it, so I put my plan in motion.

I enlisted the help of a good friend, someone I trusted, who I knew had always had a thing for Caroline. I explained the goal and what I was trying to do, and I asked if he wanted to help. I made a point of making sure he knew this was all about her and that it might not go any further than that, and he had to be OK with that. He quickly accepted, looking forward to any opportunity to get to play with her. Making it all about her made it even more exciting for him because he did still feel a little awkward about it. The approach of helping me, pleasure her, took some of the pressure to perform off him.

We picked a date; I rented a hotel room that we had stayed at before that had hot tubs that held four people comfortably on a private porch and a large King bed. It was an upscale hotel, so the whole setting had a very classy feel to it.

I told Caroline we had finalized our plans, the date we were doing it and reminded her it was all about her. I tried not to bring it up too much because I didn't want to raise expectations too high. Our sex leading up to the night was incredibly hot, and I could tell she was thinking about what was going to happen. The night of our planned event, we were both nervous, it was a good nervous. I had been horny for weeks' while planning this evening, and I was anxious to get started.

In preparation for the night, I got a few bottles of wine and a bottle of vodka and some mixers for later on. I got some cheese, and some other food and I made sure we had plenty of water. I bought a new sexy satin robe for her to wear. 

Caroline never had any issues with being nude in front of people. Having been a nudist and very comfortable sexually, she always laughed about having a gift of being able to make people feel comfortable and eventually get them naked. Still even with this, I wanted to make sure we took it slow, and everyone was comfortable.

That night everything went as planned, we checked into the hotel and got settled into the room, I opened a bottle of wine, we both hopped in the large two-person glass shower to freshen up. We washed each other's bodies, and I kissed her on the neck and behind her ears, I could see the Goosebumps on her arms, I knew that her body was sensitive. I traced my fingers down the curves of her breast and around her nipples but without touching them. I ran my hand down her back and cupped her ass in my hand and kissed her neck again, she moaned into my ear as I felt her hand wrap around my rock hard cock. 

I moved my hands around to her front, running my fingertips across her stomach and then I slid my hands down to her crotch. I could feel her hips push towards me as she tried to find my fingers with her clit. I rubbed my fingers through the outer folds of her pussy but was careful to avoid her clit. I reached down I rubbed my finger over her asshole; I could hear her take a deep breath as I teased her. I brought my hand back up rubbing the back of my hand across her pussy and lightly brushed her clit that was noticeably hard.

I resisted the urge to fuck her right there; she had been working my dick with her hand, and I could feel the excitement in my balls build as they tightened to my body. I wanted the anticipation to build; I wanted her to be as turned on as possible before we started. I pulled her hand away from my cock and forced myself to stop, I kissed her and told her she had to wait for later.

We got out of the shower, and I dried her body from head to toe, reminding her that tonight was all about her and that the pampering started now. She put on her satin robe, tying it at her waist but loose enough that the cut of the robe showed off her beautiful tits with just the edge of her areolas showing. Her nipples were hard, and very visible through the robe. I put on a hotel robe, and we poured a second glass of wine. About that time, there was a knock at the door; she looked at me nervously but walked past me saying she wanted to open the door so she could see his reaction.

My friend Aaron was right on time; he is tall but not quite as tall as me at 6'6". He has dark hair with a little bit of curl in it, has green eyes similar to mine. My wife has always been a sucker for tall, dark, and handsome, so Aaron fit the bill nicely. Caroline had spent time with him socially and knew Aaron, but she had never talked about him sexually even in our fantasy play. Aaron was wide-eyed when the door opened, my wife's tan body is a blue satin robe standing in front of him. She reached up to hug him, and I could see her ass as her robe lifted up. I could not see because of the shadows, but I could only imagine how wet her pussy was.

She fixed Aaron a drink, and we made small talk, I suggested that Aaron take a shower and throw on the other robe, that made him getting undressed a little more relaxed. While he was in the shower, she moved to the porch, and she slipped off her robe and slipped into the water.

She was sitting on the bench; her erect nipples were just at the surface of the water. Aaron came out of the bathroom in the robe and fixed another drink before heading to the porch. I grabbed the tray of food and walked out on the porch, sitting the food down on the ledge behind the tub. I slipped my robe off, my cock was not as hard as before, but I was clearly excited. I dropped into the water and slid over towards Caroline.

We had not planned it this way, but as it ended up, Aaron came out onto the porch and sat his drink down, and Caroline told him to come on in. He dropped his robe, and she got the first look at his body and I could hear her breathing change. 

Aaron was a swimmer in college, and while that was 20 years ago, he still had a fit body. He worked out regularly and still swam frequently.

While I had been friends with Aaron for years, I had never seen his dick. I looked over at Caroline and could see the excitement on her face. He had good size dick and was partially hard, I would find out later that he was about 6-7" and pretty thick. He slipped into the water and slid around next to my wife, and they started talking. I had encouraged Caroline to make sure he felt comfortable and relaxed, tonight was all about her, but she helped get things moving.

After about ten mins of everyone relaxing, I hopped out of the tub ignoring the robe this time, to go light some soy candles I had brought. I pulled out a large bottle of coconut oil as well as our favorite water based lube. I pulled the bedspread off the bed and threw some extra pillows onto the bed. Housekeeping was going to get a nice tip because the bed sheets were going to be a mess. It took me about ten mins to get the room ready, and I headed back to the door of the porch and stopped just short and glanced out. Caroline and Aaron were talking and laughing; I could see that her hand appeared to be in his lap. He had put his arm around her and was cupping her tit in his hand and teasing her nipples with his fingers.

I stepped outside and slipped back in the hot tub and announced that the room was ready. After a few minutes, my wife stood up, and she turned and faced me and she bent at the waist with her sexy ass facing Aaron giving him the first look at what was under the water. She wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me deeply, her tongue slipping into my mouth, she broke the kiss and whispered in my ear "Thank You." She smiled and turned to Aaron and bent and did the same, kissing him and giving him the first look at her tits, fully exposed and her waxed smooth pussy.

Leaving the robe behind she headed into the room, Aaron and I followed her in, our hard dicks bouncing in front of us. I leaned in and reminded him that tonight was all about her and to make sure he took it slow and focused on her.

Caroline took another long drink of wine and then laid down on the bed taking a big breath and letting it out, she closed her eyes and relaxed. I put on some soft yoga style music on the iPad, and I positioned her in the center of the bed, and I had her flip over onto her stomach. I told her to keep her eyes shut that we were going to explore her body. I had her spread her legs shoulder width apart, and she laid her arms out to the side.

With Aaron kneeling on one side of her and me on the other side. I looked at Aaron and said follow my lead, do as I do. I took my fingers and starting at the tip of her fingers, I lightly ran them across her skin towards her body. Aaron picked up on what I was doing and followed my lead, I traced down to her back, from her back up around her neck, and then behind and on her ears that are very sensitive. I went back down her neck, across her back, and out to her fingertips again. Reaching the end, I repeated the same movements except this time we moved down her back towards her feet.

Aaron and I had got in sync as we traced down her back and across her tailbone, heading down across her ass and down to the outside of her legs to the tip of her toes. As we moved back up, she could feel two hands coming up the inside of her legs. As we came towards her pussy, Caroline lifted her hips, her pussy craving to be touched, but I stopped just short, and we pulled our hands away. I could hear an audible groan.

I had her turn over onto her back and assume the same position. This was the first chance for Aaron to check out her body, her tits laid naturally, her nipples were hard. The lips of her pussy parted when she spread her legs and Aaron got to see the wetness of her pussy; the arousal was clearly building. We repeated the same motions tracing her body from head to toe. When we went to her chest, I was careful to avoid her nipples, tracing down her stomach and stopping right above her pussy. I ran my finger down the side of her pussy, but denying her the contact that she was looking for.

I could sense the anticipation in the room, Aaron seemed to be more relaxed, Caroline seem more aroused, my dick was hard. The excitement of the situation had finally hit me that I was kneeling next to my wife with another man across from me getting ready to pleasure her body.

I grabbed the bottle of coconut oil and had Caroline roll back over on her stomach. I had Aaron put out his hands, and I squirted a generous amount of oil into his hands. I did the same filling my hand with oil. 

Putting the bottle down, I rubbed my hands together warming the oil. Aaron followed my lead and we did the same movements as before but this time we were massaging the oil into her skin as we went. We went slowly; we were in no hurry. When we got to her back, I moved my hands in bigger movements, Aaron following the same pattern. Caroline let out a big sigh as she felt two sets of strong hands moving all over her back.

After finishing her back with the oil she rolled over, we started again on the front of her body. This time when we got to her chest after a little teasing we finally rubbed our hands over her nipples working them with our fingers. The feeling of four hands on her body, rubbing her tits, rolling her nipples between their fingers quickened her breathing and made her nipples rock hard. We moved down her legs, rubbing her feet, paying attention to each toe. We were working to make the massage therapeutic as well as erotic; the goal was to relax her while at the same time making her pussy hot.

As we came up her legs and reached her pussy, we both rubbed our hands up and down alongside her pussy. We spread her legs a little wider, and Aaron and I each straddled a leg. This caused her pussy to open up even more. From the position we were in, Aaron had a perfect view for the first time of her pussy and her clit that was just peeking out from under its hood.

I rubbed my hands on both sides of her pussy and then traced my fingers back down. I rubbed the area between her ass and her pussy using my thumb to put pressure on it causing her to moan. I ran my fingers up the inside of her pussy taking my finger and finally making contact with her clit. I circled her clit for about 30 seconds before putting my finger right on it and giving her some pressure. She let out a large sigh and started to move her hips in pace with my fingers.

After about a minute, I moved my hands away and had Aaron repeat my same movements. I am very much a voyeur, so sitting back on my legs and watching him run his fingers around and through her pussy made my dick hard. It was one of the most erotic things I have seen. When his finger begins to circle her clit her breathing started getting heavier, I watched him move his finger right onto her clit and started to rub it with a little pressure. Aaron's dick was now hard, and she could feel it laying on her leg. 

While he did that, we had been very quite up to this point, we had the yoga music playing, the smell of the candles in the room blended nicely with the smell of the oil. We had just been listening to her breathing at this point. I crawled up and started to whisper in her ear, not quiet enough that Aaron could not hear me, but quiet for effect. I described to her what we had done to her body. I asked her how it felt to have four hands touching her body; I asked how it felt to know that her husband and his friend were looking at her wet pussy. I described in detail what Aaron was doing to her pussy.

I started to ask Aaron how her pussy felt, how wet she was, how big was her clit. He answered with classy responses that made me happy; I wanted to keep this sexy not slutty. Hearing him describing her pussy to me caused her hips to start moving more, she was pushing harder on his hand and trying to get more pressure. I started to kiss her ear, neck, and shoulder, running my hard tongue all over her. She loves this and her body really started to react to the stimulation, Aaron was like in a trance just rhythmically rubbing her pussy.

I moved down, and I started to suck and lightly bite on her nipples, her breathing was getting heavier, and she started to squirm around on the bed. When my wife is like this, I know what she wants, she wants something in her pussy, usually a finger finding her G-spot and applying a little pressure gets her to the next level. I think Aaron read my mind because before I could even say anything he slipped one of his rough fingers into her pussy and began to feel for her G-spot. Caroline has a G-spot you can't miss when she is this turned-on, the rough patch on the inside of her pussy is about the size of your fingertip. Aaron found it pretty quickly.

I am going back and forth between sucking and biting on her nipples while using my hand to rub the area above her pussy. Occasionally I move up and tell her "How fucking hot she looks." Aaron is rubbing her clit with one finger while massaging her G-spot with his other finger. Her body is really moving at this point; her breathing is ragged. Aaron slips a second finger into her pussy, and it pushes her over the waterfall and her body erupts into a strong orgasm. 

Her lower body takes on a mind of its own, and her hips and her pussy start shaking hard. Her back arches off the bed as her hands grab handfuls of sheets, the look on her face is pure pleasure. As her orgasm starts to subside, her pussy becomes over-sensitive. Sensing this, Aaron leaves his fingers in her pussy, but he slows the rubbing on her clit to just a light touch. As the wave passes, she squeezes her legs together, still occasionally shaking as the after shocks shudder thru her body. Aaron gives her clit one last gentle rub, as he finally removes his fingers, the wetness of her pussy covering his hand.

She is still breathing hard and trying to catch her breath, Aaron, and I step back off the bed and she rolls onto her side and lays there coming down from the ride. I step back from the bed and grab a bottle of water for her, and as she drinks it, Aaron and I lay down on each side of her. We all lay there listening to her breathing return to normal. 

(Continued in Chap 02)