 I awoke sometime the next morning crusted over with dried cum. My ass and pussy were very sore. My head ached and my stomach was doing flips. I wasn't even sure where I was until I heard Ellen at the bar, mixing herself a Bloody Mary. 

She noticed me stirring and said "looks like you were star of the party last night." 

I was surrounded by naked guys and empty bottles. My head was swimming, trying to piece together the events of the most amazing night of my then eighteen years.

Things remained quite quiet during the rest of the morning as everyone nursed hangovers. Eventually everyone came to life, got showered, dressed and before long some food was ordered in, which we all enjoyed. Many stories were regaled from the night before. 

All the guys agreed that we four girls were awesome. Many of them told me they were impressed with the sexual prowess I had exhibited. Most assumed I had done a lot of screwing and wanted to hear of my other escapades. I remained coy and told them I wasn't the type to kiss (or fuck) and tell. 

As the afternoon worn on, most made their way out to our pool to lounge around in the sun. Some had swimsuits, but those who didn't just laid around in shorts or underwear. I chose to put on a skimpy bikini which barely contained my luscious tits. 

Some of the guys made another liquor run and before long we were sipping some tropical drinks and mixing shooters, working on another buzz. Despite all the action from the night before, everyone was quite reserved. Some of the guys were horsing around in the pool or showing off on the diving board. We girls were sitting together and gabbing about most everything. 

Before long and after several drinks, the conversation turned to sex. The girls were talking about which guy in the group they preferred and why, who's cock they enjoyed the most, who had the best tasting semen...anything at all. I was getting horny again and knew I was looking at another great night. 

Carolyn decided we should put on a show for the guys and suggested a wet t-shirt contests. There were no arguments so the four of us went in to get dressed. I found 4 appropriate white t-shirts, reserving the tightest for myself, an old thin one I had grown out of 3 bra sizes ago. 

Everyone quickly stripped and pulled the tight tees over their globes. My nipples were already hard just thinking about the reaction we would get. The guys by now knew something was up and were lined up at the door as we paraded back to the deck. 

There was some whistles and whoops as we strutted around the pool, displaying our wares. Carolyn grabbed a pitcher of ice water and threw it at my chest. My full tits were instantly on display through the thin fabric as my nipples grew rock-hard from the chilly water. 

The boys got a hold of the hose and began spraying us down, before long all our tits were visible through the wet fabric. 

I grabbed Carolyn and we wrestled playfully until we both fell into the pool. As we rose to the surface Carolyn's delicious melons were in full view, much to the enjoyment of everyone watching. We wrestled around in the shallow end some more which gave Carolyn a chance to fondle my tits and ass. I was getting into it and began grabbing at her and pinching her nipples. We ended up in a full embrace and then Carolyn kissed me full on the mouth, inserting her tongue between my lips. 

This was the first time I had ever been kissed by another girl; it felt good and I began to kiss back. Carolyn's hand moved down between my legs as she started to massage my pussy through my bikini bottoms. Carolyn pushed me back against the side of the pool and asked me to sit up on the side; I did as requested. She got between my legs and slid off my bottoms. Carolyn then dove between my thighs and devoured my sopping cunt. I came almost immediately screaming out into the air. 

My cries were soon muffled as Cindy came over and squatted down on my face, thrusting her musty snatch onto my tongue. This was my first experience at eating pussy (I was too drunk the night before to remember) but did my best to get Cindy off. 

Apparently this has been set up by Ellen earlier in the day because she wanted me to experience some serious girl-girl action, which she herself had enjoyed on many occasions. Our all girl three-way went on for some time which was having an obvious effect on the guys. Many of them has shed their clothes and were sporting massive hardons.

After awhile Hoss came along in the pool with his big dick bobbing on top of the water. Carolyn moved aside and guided his large tube in my moist slit. As good as Carolyn's tongue was, it felt great to have a stiff cock back in my pussy. 

I leaned back on my elbows as Hoss began pounding into me. His strong hands slid up my chest and pushed the wet t-shirt up over my hard nipples. He massaged my jugs with his hands as he continued to piston his fuck stick into my snatch. 

Hoss moved his right hand down to my waist and began thumbing my clitoris. After 10 minutes of serious fucking he picked my ass up off the deck and drove himself in me as deep as possible and exploded in a hot, wet orgasm. I could feel the jets of jism being blasted deep inside my pussy. Hoss embraced and kissed me as his orgasm subsided.

As he withdrew his semi-erect cock I noticed it was dripping with cum and pussy juice. I boldly stated, “hey that looks good enough to eat.”

To which Hoss responded, “well, you little cum slut, why don’t you suck it clean for me?”

Not waiting for an answer, he climbed up to straddle my chest. I grabbed his greasy dick with my right hand and stroked it right up to the tip. A small drop of cum begin to drip from his head. I stuck out my tongue and licked the droplet before it fell to my chest. I then lifted my head and swallowed his softening prick (I was becoming such a slut). The mixed taste of semen and pussy was intoxicating and I licked and slurped on his quivering tool.

Carolyn noticed what I was doing and commented, “that’s quick a lolly pop you got there, I’ve got to get me one of those…”

At this point we noticed Ellen who was over in the corner of the deck, sitting on a lounge chair, surrounded by most of the other studs, sipping from a fresh bottle of her cherished vodka. 

Somehow she had lost her panties and her wet t-shirt remained clinging to her rounded orbs and pointed buds. 

I heard Darren announce "Hey, what's say we gang bang Ellen before she gets too fucking wasted again." 

Ellen replied "I thought you guys liked me wasted." 

"We do baby but I thought you might like to remember it for a change, besides you'll get lots to drink after you service all eight of us!" 

Ellen laid back on the lounge chair, spread her legs wide, to reveal her gapping snatch, inserted two fingers, and announced "well what the fuck are you waiting for, do you want me one at a time or are you going to team fuck me?." 

"Oh I think we'll give you the full treatment tonight sweetheart," said Kyle. 

"Fine by me" said Ellen, "I've got a pussy and an ass that need some action and you know how I love to swallow goo! I've got some making up to do after what I missed last night, besides, it's time I showed my big titted little sister over there how to be the 'real' life of the party. Let's get it on boys!" 

Her speach ended there as Kevin’s stiff cock was inserted into her mouth. Ellen pushed him away just long enough to pull her damp t-shirt up over her head, allowing easier access to impressive tits. She resumed sucking the cock as another guy climbed on top of her and began fucking her wildly. Before long she had loads deposited in her pussy and mouth. 

She opened her mouth to display the sticky cum that coated her mouth and tongue, then licked her lips to make sure she hadn't missed any and swallowed with enthusiasm. 

Ellen instructed Darren to lay down so that she could mount him. Once his prick was inserted in her wet snatch she guided Kyle to plug her ass. Another massive cock was shoved down her throat and she was all set. 

I was getting incredibly turned on watching Ellen getting triple teamed. She looked completely at home with her body full of stiff cocks. I watched in awe, as promised, she serviced all eight of the guys over the next hour. 

She was repeatedly fucked in the pussy and ass and received copious loads on her face and tits. Ellen made a point of sucking each dick clean after it came in, or on her. 

When the last stud had deposited his load in her she laid back with a broad grin on her cum covered face. There was sperm dripping off her everywhere. She told all the guys that if anyone was in the mood for "seconds" she would be available all night. 


The boys set up 8 shots of vodka for her by the side of the pool, carrying over the "one load, one drink" idea from last night. 

Ellen dove into cool water, rinsing her naked body off. When she surfaced she swam over to the side and drooled at the liquor available for her. She quickly downed the first glass after which the guys chanted "SEVEN" which prompted her to down a second. The count down continued until she had emptied all eight of the glasses. I couldn't believe Ellen's tolerance for alcohol. 

Cyndi told me about a time they were playing strip poker at the frat house. The guys were using a marked deck, but given that none of the girls was wearing more than a tank top and shorts it didn't take long for them all to get naked. 

The guys suggested that since the girls had no more clothes to loose, they would have to down a shot of vodka for each hand they lost. 

Cyndi said she sat amazed as Ellen lost 13 straight hands and continued to pound the liquor into her. Cyndi said she herself had passed out after she has lost only her sixth hand. 

Ellen being the only sled remaining conscious, by the time the 5 guys were all naked, had to fuck them all, which she did gladly. 

Cyndi did add that she woke up several hours later with a well loaded pussy...apparently some of the guys didn't mind fucking a girl...even if she was passed out drunk!

Ellen pulled herself up out of the pool, staggered a few steps and fell onto the grass, much to the delight to the crowd of guys around her. 

"Holy fuck, she's shit-faced again" announced Darren. 

Ellen got to her hands and knees as she spied her bottle she had started on earlier. She began crawling towards it but stopped when one of the guys mounted her from behind and began fucking her. 

Hoss grabbed the vodka bottle and brought it over to where Ellen was and began feeding it to her as she was being screwed from behind. Ellen greedily sucked from the upturned bottle until it was pulled away from her. 

She dropped her face to the grass, raising her hips, and graciously received the thrusting cock in her over worked pussy. In a matter of moments, yet another load was dumped in her snatch. Ellen rolled over on her back and laid on the grass with her legs spread apart. Hoss stood over her and began pouring the vodka into her mouth and then over her bare breasts and stomach.

I lost track of my sister at this point because several of the studs had made their way over to where Carolyn, Cyndi and myself were fondling one another. 

I abandoned the girls for the first stiff cock I encountered. I'm not sure who's it was but I dropped to my knees and began sucking it for all I was worth. Within moments he erupted down my throat and I was rewarded with a salty drink of goo. 

Things were quieting down somewhat after the monumental gangbang of Ellen. Most of the guys were simply worn out after nearly 24 hours of continuous partying. Several were very drunk by this point in the evening and a couple of guys had passed out. 

Apart from Ellen, who was mumbling incoherently by the other side of the pool, we girls were still going strong and looking for more action. It was starting to get cool outside so I suggested we move the survivors back inside the house. 

As we gathered up the dwindling supply of liquor and poured ourselves some drinks, Carolyn was scheming to keep the party going. 

"Hey party whore," a nick-name Carolyn had given me, "you must know some guys anxious to get their young rocks off?" 

"Yeah," Cyndi chimed in, "my twat is itchy for some young high school meat - and there's nothing like the taste of that fresh semen!" 

I decided to call Dave, the football player who had screwed me several weeks ago. As luck would have it, he was entertaining the starting offensive unit at his house. 

I told him I had been drinking – “a lot” - and partying with some college girls. I promised that if he brought over some booze he had a good chance of getting laid. I also added he should bring his friends over if they were interested in some college sorority girls. 

Dave remembered how horny I was at the shooter party after getting wasted so he didn't hesitate in agreeing to come over. Within 20 minutes I heard the front door bell ring…. 

to be continued.