 I met Carolyn many years ago and from the very beginning we were good friends and recently we became lovers. We actually met on a city bus commuting every day to work nearly twenty years ago. Normally the bus was filled with regular commuters and typically by the time I boarded there was one person in each seat. So when I boarded my choice was to share the seat with someone so why not a good looking woman, after all I'm just a normal guy. We hit it off at the very beginning and from that day on we shared a seat to and from work on a regular basis. 

At the time we were both married; five years for me, six for her and neither of us had any children. I don't know if there was a special chemistry but we did find ourselves feeling very comfortable talking about a lot of things and sometimes our sharing became fairly intimate. I really enjoyed her wit and engaging personality plus she was very nice on the eyes. 

She is about 5' 5" tall, shoulder length brunette hair, nice body and I guessed about a D cup. Certainly much larger than my wife's B cup. I will admit I wondered what she looked like naked. I love playing with my wife's tits but there were times when I fantasized about holding, licking, and sucking tits as large as Carolyn's. As our friendship and comfort grew I knew she looked forward to our ride together because from the time I saw her when I boarded the bus to sitting beside her, that her nipples would be erect and pushing hard against her blouse. She normally wore tops that revealed a nice cleavage but it seemed on the trip home there was even more exposed cleavage. She would smile as I stared at her breast and I made sure she could see the bulge in my pants when I sat beside her. 

This lasted a couple of years and other than the sexual teasing we did on the bus nothing else ever happened. We never met secretly for an affair or phone calls or notes or anything. One day my company assigned me to a new work location which meant I would no longer take the bus. I didn't run into Carolyn again for several years until be both showed up two years ago to sing at a community function. 

After the event I suggested we meet over a couple of drinks to play catch up. It turned out we were divorced with no change in children; had moved a few times within the city and now live just a few blocks from each other. Neither of us had remarried and we still worked for the same companies. She was now the assistant branch manager for Wells Fargo Bank and hoping to become manager within a few years.

Truly the years had been kind because we both remarked how little the other had changed. I was surprised at the mutual attraction and even though our history on the bus was several years ago it was as though time stood still and we were still very comfortable with each other. It just seemed natural that we started seeing each other and it wasn't long before we were together on a regular basis. I think it is interesting how sex evolves with a couple and how long before the woman decides when to have sex. The sexual tension we experienced on the bus quickly returned and it didn't take until the second date before we crossed that wonderful line and became lovers.

I was finally able to see her in all her glory and hold her beautiful breast. Even though she is middle aged, she works out regularly to maintain her lovely body. I told her I had fantasized about this moment many years ago and she said there were many times she wanted to reach over and hold my erection on the drive home. She got a laugh when I reminded her that showing so much cleavage created that hard on. 

It was a hot summer evening with absolutely no breeze that started innocently enough. I had brought over a DVD of a 'chick flick' we both thought would be enjoyable plus some steaks for the grill and a dry red wine from my collection. We chatted about work and other mundane subjects while we made dinner. During dinner we talked about a planned road trip over the July 4th holiday. After the dishes were washed and put away we settled on the couch to watch the movie. The movie I chose was one of my favorites and a movie Carolyn had not seen: "Like Water for Chocolate." 

We settled on the couch with her back against my chest. Unfortunately there are not a lot of options were to put my left arm; either on the back of the couch or down her shirt. I don't know if it was the movie or Carolyn's emotions deciding that tonight was the night or maybe both but when I told her I needed to move my arm because it was falling asleep she took it and put it across her chest. I noticed her nipples were pushing hard against her shirt and her breathing was quick and shallow. 

She held my arm in such a way that my hand was directly over her right breast. With one hand she held my arm and with the other her fingers were caressing the back of my left hand. I took it to be an invitation and gently cupped her breast. I heard her sigh as she pushed my hand harder to her breast. I groped and fondled that breast with great delight. I even moved my hand over and did the same to the other breast. I believe in equal time. The more I fondled the more she sighed. At this point she was practically panting. Our passion was increasing and she shifted enough to allow both hands to fondle her breasts. 

That must have put her over the edge because she suddenly leaned forward and pulled off her tee shirt. While she was doing that I unsnapped her bra. She changed her position to lie across my lap giving me plenty of access to her tits and the rest of her. Forget the movie; her body had my complete attention. We engaged in a strong lip lock with our tongues doing an intimate dance while my hands and fingers were busy playing with her hard nipples. I alternated my kisses between her lips and her tits. She ran her fingers through my hair as I kissed and lightly licked her nipples.

My hand made its way down her belly, into her shorts and felt her lovely mound. I was toying with her pubic hair when she suddenly took my hand and shoved it further down her pants. There I found a very wet and eager pussy. As I fondled her wet labia lips she reached down and opened the front of her shorts. When I inserted a finger into her cunt she let out a low moan and held my hand in place. The more I sucked on her tits and fingered her hot cunt the harder and faster she panted. Within a few minutes her body tensed and she let out a loud groan that came deep from her throat. 

I kissed her and whispered, "I've wanted to touch you like that for a long time." I then removed my wet finger from her cunt and put it into my mouth. "And I love the way you taste." She took my finger from my mouth and placed in hers. She smiled and said, "You have marvelous fingers; now shall we try your dick?"

"Yours to enjoy," I replied with a big grin.

She pulled the rest of her clothes off and then removed mine. She particularly enjoyed rubbing my throbbing erection through my underwear. When she pulled them down it was pretty obvious my cock was ready for action. She kissed it and took it into her mouth. She played with it with her tongue as she moved up and down and I thought I was going to explode right then and there. She stood up, took my hard cock in her hand and led me to her bedroom. 

"I want to feel you deep inside," she said as she lay back on the bed. 

She spread her legs and guided my dick to her pussy. She was every bit as hot and wet as when I had my fingers inside her. She took my hard cock and circled her swollen clit with it a couple of times before sliding it up and down her pussy lips and finally stopping at the entrance to her love hole. I started with shallow thrusting that went progressively deeper until I was all the way in. At that point I stopped just to savor the feeling of her cunt wrapped around my cock. 

"Fuck me. Fuck me hard," she whispered.

I continued my thrusting from shallow to deep, pumping hard and steady. In rhythm with my thrusting she tightened and released her vaginal muscles while her hands held and squeezed each breast. When she was close to an orgasm she squeezed her nipples hard and I watched her tremble as her orgasm rolled like a continuous wave. Feeling her hot cum on my cock and watching her fondle with her tits was pushing me toward the edge and when she had her next orgasm I added my cum with hers.

With a groan I slammed my dick deep into her cunt and shot my load. She grabbed my butt and held me tight. I could feel her vaginal muscles tighten around my cock, holding it and squeezing it. What an incredible feeling; I wasn't in any hurry to pull out. 

"You feel so wonderful inside me. I just love the way it makes my pussy feel."

After a few minutes my dick was getting limp. She released her hold and pulled me up to put my dick in her mouth. She licked it, sucked it, and stroked every bit of cum out of it. In all the years I was married my wife never did anything like that. My ex's idea of a bj was to stick in her mouth a couple of times but not for very long. Perish the thought of cumming in her mouth. This was a whole new and wonderful experience.

I could see that she enjoyed licking our cum off my joy stick so I thought I should try it too. I reached back with my hand and inserted my finger into her cunt. I inserted it as deep as I could then put it in my mouth. Not bad I thought, not bad at all; in fact I rather enjoyed it. Next I inserted two fingers and this time wiped our love juice all over her nipples. I repeated this a few times to spread cum all over her lovely tits. When she finished cleaning my cock she smiled at me, licked her lips then and I leaned over to lick each breast clean.

Carolyn moaned with ecstasy as I licked and sucked each breast. She reached down and began to rub her clit while I fingered her cunt. I was getting hard again as I licked and teased each nipple, watching her jack off. I licked harder and faster and matched the speed of her fingers on her clit with the speed of my fingers in her cunt. I didn't let up until her orgasm rolled through her body once again. 

We made our way back to the living room, naked of course to resume watching the movie. This time I had a glass of wine in one hand and a breast in the other. She held a wine glass in one hand and my dick with the other. Now I ask you, is there a better way to watch a movie at home?? 

At the end of the movie we cuddled and talked about how incredible the evening had been and the beginning of a new chapter in our lives. 

The next day was a tough one at work. I could hardly concentrate on any task I was to do; instead my mind was replaying the previous evening. The best sex I ever had with my ex was nothing like the experience with Carolyn. I wondered if my ex would appreciate a thank you note for our divorce. But in fairness to her, I didn't know sex could be that good. 

I came home and thinking about last night made me horny. I knew Carolyn was at one of her committee meetings plus it was still a week night so I would have to satisfy my sexual desires somehow. I did something I rarely do and that was to go on line to some porn sites looked for pictures that reminded me of our play time. I had no problem finding a porn site but choosing which category was a bit of a challenge. Just looking at the pictures made me even hornier. It is very difficult to type when you are holding and stroking a hard dick.

Finally I found a set of pictures under the heading of "couples." In it I found some nice erotic poses that reminded me of last night. I decided to take a chance and emailed several of them to Carolyn (home email of course). I included a caption with each picture saying how much I enjoyed what they portrayed and even some I would like us to try. I didn't know how she would respond to my email but knew she would let me know one way or the other.

The next morning as part of my routine I checked my emails before heading to work. This time however I was very anxious. Would there be a response from Carolyn and if so did I cross a line? Enjoying sex doesn't mean she likes porn. If she looks at porn what does she find erotic? My mind was racing as I booted up my laptop. 

Does everything run slow when you are in a hurry? Finally I was able to click on Outlook and up came several emails to be read. Carolyn's was at the top and looking at the header it showed she sent it late last night. Holding my breath, I double clicked and looked at her response.

"I love the pictures you sent; you got me turned on all over again. I'm thinking about last night as I take care of my pussy right now. I would love to do it again tomorrow. Be here at 7:30, the wine will be chilled and I will have something to show you. Carolyn. PS: I hope you enjoy my responses to your pictures." 

I did a quick scan down the pictures and she had some very nice and provocative comments added to mine for each photo. What a relief! She wasn't offended but quite the opposite. She not only enjoyed them but suggested we try some of those poses. Her response certainly had my heart rate up, my mind racing, and my dick growing into a nice hard on. It was going to be another long day at work. 

At the appointed time I was at Carolyn's door with a spring in my step and my mind racing with eager anticipation. I wonder what she intends to show me. I walked in and Carolyn was wearing a long white tee shirt. Judging from the hard nipples I could clearly see she wasn't wearing a bra which made me smile and my dick to get hard. She greeted me with a warm wet kiss, and then led me to the couch.

"Your pictures had me horny all day," she said as she slowly and with deliberation removed my clothes. 

I sat on the edge of the couch and she knelt between my legs and gave me the most wonderful bj I have ever had. Her tongue danced around my cock; her hand and lips stroked it up and down while the other hand held my balls. What an incredible sensual experience. When I shot my load into her mouth she didn't stop sucking my cock until she had milked every drop.

"Wow. That was incredible; I have never ever experienced anything like that before."

"My pleasure," she purred. "I enjoyed it too; your cock and cum feels great in my mouth."

"Is this what you wanted to show me?"

"Actually this is what I wanted to show you." 

And with that she stood up and peeled off her tee shirt revealing her lovely body but more importantly a new twist. I looked down and to my pleasant surprised saw that her pussy was completely bald.

"You like?"

"It's beautiful."

Now it was my turn to be on my knees looking at her lovely pussy. Her clitoris protruded between the swollen lips just begging to be taken into my mouth and nibbled on. I closed in on her wet pussy and my mouth engulfed her lips while my tongue slid into her cunt. I tongued her cunt as deep as I could and licked her clit until she climaxed.

She poured some dry white wine and we moved to the screened porch still nude to enjoy the night sky and evening. What a perfect way to enjoy a summer evening. I confessed my anxiety when I had sent her the porn pictures. She reiterated how she enjoyed them and not only wanted me to continue but that she would send pictures too. She also suggested that when we get together over a weekend we could explore web sites and pictures that express our desires. We shared more of our longings, how much we enjoy sex and our desire to keeping it fun and playful. Little did I know that there was more to Carolyn's sexual fantasies than she revealed that evening. 

The next several weeks were a blur of summer fun and lots of great sex. We helped each other with yard work which led to lots of fun in the shower. I don't know if we actually conserved water by showering together but I'll claim we did anyway. When time allowed we sent porn pictures to each other with comments and responses. If I were to describe our sex life the majority of time it would consist of: me eating her pussy to orgasm followed by fucking her in various positions to several orgasms, and then she finishing me off in her mouth. Can a guy ever get enough pussy or bjs??

It was the porn pictures that caused two changes in our activities. First, I found that when searching porn sites for pictures there isn't a lot of variations. It was difficult to find ones that were interesting and not repetitive. In an off handed comment attached to a photo I said that I would love to take a picture of her sucking my cock. She replied that she would have the camera ready the next time we got together. I took some great shots of our sexual activity and included some videos. We really enjoyed playing them back on her big screen. It was very erotic watching her give me a bj and my dick sliding in and out of her cunt.

The second change occurred when I included a couple of photos that were the MMF type. I commented that there would be twice the cum for her to enjoy. Her response was how she fantasized about that and thought it would be fun. That evening when we adjourned to the screened porch for wine and the afterglow of great sex, I asked her about her comment. She said it was something she would like to experience and wondered if I knew of anyone I'd like to share her with. 

I told her unfortunately I did not. I wasn't even sure how I would seek someone out that I would trust. She did point out that two guys and a girl is a common fantasy among women and would I do it with her and another woman if I had the chance. I had to admit that yes I would and we both laughed because we didn't know of another woman either. From then on our porn pictures contained more FFM from her and MMF from me. It always made for erotic fantasy story telling.

Over the summer we spent a lot of time doing things together. She loved going to various event in the city some requiring her to dress up and other times very casual. Often she would tease me about sometimes "forgetting" her underwear. At home, comfortable to her means wearing nothing but a long tee shirt that comes down to mid-thigh. When she would greet me in that tee shirt I would give her a long kiss and doing a bit of "inventory" by fondling her breast and cupping her pussy and she responds by giving my dick a nice squeeze. Then she would remove my shorts so we both were only wearing a tee shirt.

In the fall we took a vacation to adults only, clothes optional resort. I thought for sure we might be able to fulfill our fantasy there. We met a lot of nice people and some even looked good nude but if there were any swingers, we never encountered them. Little did I know that there was a drastic change in store by the end of the year.

The shoe dropped so to speak in December when Carolyn was told that her wish had come true and she was being transferred to an office in Minneapolis to be the branch manager. She was to move in February and assume the role April 1st. 

She was happy and sad at the same time. I wasn't keen on a long distance relationship but we would play it by ear. Her job and making a good impression was far more important. The only sex we will have will be on the phone, internet, and an occasional visit. We looked into and got set up for video transmissions over the internet. She enjoys jacking off and I love watching her do it. We made the most of the few remaining weeks we had and had a tearful good by when she left. 

I was in a bit of a funk with Carolyn gone. The phone calls helped although it was a lot about getting settled and her new role as branch manager. She was tired from putting in long hours and not taking time to play. She found a place to stay at a duplex that had a pool. The owners, Brad and his wife Cindy, occupied the other unit. She said they were a nice couple in their mid-thirties and both worked. They had been very helpful and supportive in getting her settled and had her over for dinner several times.
