 ” Either I get what I want or my brother finds out what has been going on between you two and you will never get to see her again.” Trying to soften it a little she cooed “you can either have both of us or neither. What’s it going to be stud?” Stroking my cock to empathize her point she waited for my answer.

I hesitated as I struggled with the choices I had. Either I gave into this teenaged kitten kneeling before me or I risked losing a very good thing and causing no end of grief to someone dear to me. However if Lanie found out, it could really hurt her and ruin the relationship anyways.

Autumn, sensing my hesitation leaned forward and once again took me in her mouth. She certainly knew what she was doing. I stroked her hair as she engulfed me in her mouth. One of her hands was busy in her panties as the other held me steady. Maybe I could just let her finish blowing me and sneak back to the bedroom. That hope was soon dashed.

“What the hell is going on here?” Lanie screamed as she stormed into the kitchen. “What do you think you are doing?” She stood there, her eyes flashing as she took in the scene. 

She hadn’t bothered to dress and though I knew I was in danger of great bodily harm, it was still a turn-on seeing my nude lover standing there watching me get head from her teen aged sister-in-law. Autumn stopped what she was doing and stood to look Lanie in the eye.

“I’m going to have your lover fuck me and you are going to let him,” Autumn declared. She stood defiantly   next to me and as to emphasize her point took her hand and wrapped it around my still hard cock.

“What in the hell makes you think I am going to let you do that?” Lanie screeched. She stepped forward and grabbed Autumn’s arm. “Let go of that, you little slut.”

They struggled briefly and then Autumn said,” Either I get what I want or everyone finds out what you have been doing.”

It was time to play peacemaker and maybe get to act out a particular fantasy of mine. I took Lanie by the shoulders and gently shook her to take her attention from Autumn. “She has us over a barrel and unless you can think of a way out of this, I am afraid we will have to let her have her way.” I said reasoning with her.” What else can we do?” Her shoulders slumped as she realized what I had said was true. I pulled her close to comfort her and felt a rush as our naked bodies made contact. Tilting her head back, I kissed her lips which were beginning to form that oh so familiar pout she used, when she didn’t get her way.

“I don’t want to share you,” she murmured. I stroked her hair as she began to get aroused in spite of her audience. Her body pressed hard against mine as we sank into the kiss. She trembled as I reached between her thighs and stroked the betraying wetness. I stepped behind her and began to kiss her sensitive neck as my fingers worked their magic between her legs.

Autumn stood staring as I continued to excite the woman who she had been calling Mom for the last 4 years. Her hand had found its way back into her skimpy panties and I could tell she was turned on by the smooth seduction. I met her eyes and with a flip of my head, indicated that she should head to the bedroom .She nodded and knowing I was watching her, stepped in front of us and pulled her sweater over her head. Her breasts were slightly larger than Lanie’s but not too large. She then proceeded to pull off her panties to show a smooth and lick able pussy.  With a sultry glance over her shoulder at us, she walked out of the kitchen on her way to the bedroom.

Lanie watched all of this, trembling under my fingers and then whispered,” What are you going to do?”  I kissed her and taking her by the hand, I led her unresistingly to the bedroom.

Autumn lay on our tousled sheets with her legs spread as if waiting to be serviced.” Lovely, isn’t she?” I whispered in Lanie’s ear as we stood at the foot of the bed. Moving behind her, I slid myself once again into her now dripping wet pussy. She let out a gasp as I entered her but was soon pushing back against me. I met Autumn’s eyes as I thrust into Lanie from behind. She played with herself as she watched us move in rhythm

Autumn then scooted down the bed to join us at the foot. One hand still busy between her legs, she leaned forward and whispered something to Lanie. Lanie hesitated and then nodded; Autumn wrapped her arms around my neck and proceeded to kiss me passionately. I returned the kiss as my free hand began to explore her taunt young body. We continued kissing as Lanie, .while saying nothing, pushed herself harder and harder upon my cock.

Lanie whimpered as I withdrew from her dripping pussy. I pushed Autumn onto the bed and slid to my knees between her legs. Her knees spread apart as I leaned forward to taste her. She was soaked as my tongue began to caress her lips.

 Looking up from her squirming thighs, I caught Lanie watching us with a strange expression on her face. While I couldn’t tell what she was thinking, her hands between her legs let me know that at least part of her was turned on by what was happening. I continued licking Autumn as we both watched Lanie pleasure herself.

After a few moments of that, I knelt on the bed between Autumn’s legs. Lanie flashed me an almost pleading look as I pushed the teenager’s knees further apart. I reached up and pulled Lanie’s face close to mine and kissed her deeply. She struggled for a moment knowing where my tongue had been, but soon yielded and began furiously returning the kiss. 

Autumn, obviously unhappy about not being the center of attention, took matters into her own hands, literally! As I kissed Lanie, I felt Autumn’s hands take a hold of my cock and begin rubbing it um and down her incredibly wet slit. Unable to resist anymore I thrust my hips forward as her legs wrapped themselves around me. Lanie moaned feeling my weight shift as my cock slid into Autumn’s tight young pussy. The sensation of these two hot bodies surrounded me. Laying Lanie back on the bed beside her young charge, I proceeded to kiss my way down her body until I reached her sensitive and very erect nipples.

We continued like this for a moment, but it was hard to get any rhythm going as we were kind of sprawled sideways. I paused, and suggested that I lie on my back so as to make it easier. For the first time since we reentered the bedroom, they made eye contact. Sensing their hesitation I spoke up. “Why don’t you sit on my face and let me lick your wet pussy Lanie? Autumn can ride my cock for a while longer.”

Lanie mumbled an acknowledgement and without looking behind her, straddled my head. Her dripping wet sweetness was inches from my face and she shuddered as my tongue reached out to taste her. My hands were on her hips as she ground her sex against my tongue. I could feel the bed shift as Autumn straddled my thighs and quickly impaled herself once again on me. In seconds she was bouncing away with youthful enthusiasm.

As I moved my hands up Lanie’s body, Autumn grasped my wrists to steady herself. When my hands reached her soft pale breasts, Lanie instinctively covered my hands as well as Autumn’s with her own, pressing them tightly against her chest. My lover adores having her breasts played with during sex 

After a moment, I slid my hands back down to Lanie’s waist, leaving Autumn’s hands clasped to her guardian’s sensitive breasts. Lanie had to know whose hands were now squeezing her but she gripped them even more tightly. Her breathing became faster and shallower as she allowed us to pleasure her.

Well seeing this, it didn’t take me much longer to reach a climax. Feeling my cock spurting into her sent Autumn over the edge. Her moans of pleasure and feeling me tense up alerted Lanie to what was going on. Caught between Autumn’s hands spasmodically squeezing her breasts and my tongue frantically devouring her, Lanie came seconds later with a shout.


All three of us collapsed with our chests heaving. After a moment, they snuggled up, one on each side of me. I entertained myself by first kissing one then the other. After a few moments of this, stirrings began to occur. Lanie took notice of this and after a particularly toe curling kiss, she said,” I think we need to take a shower.” She and I got off the bed, leaving a pouting Autumm. When we reached the bathroom door, she looked at me and then back at the young woman lying naked in her bed. With a sexy smile on her face, she said to Autumn, “aren’t you coming?” and turned and walked to the shower.

To be continued?