 Carrie Snow performed a perfect cartwheel landing gently on her feet. Invigorated by cheerleading practice the eighteen year-old senior smiled at her teammates as she paused to catch her breath. Clad in a white top showing plenty of cleavage and a pair of tiny, skimpy red shorts that barely covered her perfect ass she exuded sex. She knew it and she basked in it. She saw her two best friends, who also cheered, Whitney and Angie and told them, 

"Hey, guys. I'm going to get going. Billy is going to give me a ride home. I'll call you later"

"O.K. Carrie, Go straight home." Angie responded. "Don't let Billy take you parking."

"Ya, right, Ang. Like you should talk with all the time you spend with Sam."

Carrie had been going out with Billy Wilson for about two months now and the sex between them had gotten continually hotter and more diverse. She found that each day she was hornier than the day before and Billy knew how to push all the right buttons to drive her crazy.

Walking into the locker room Carrie saw herself in the mirror and admittedly liked what she saw. With dark hair that hung to her shoulders, long lean legs tapered into an ass that was made for tight jeans, and a pair of breasts that belied her thin waist, she was understandably in big demand on the campus of Pine Crest High School but for now she was content to be a one-man girl. 

After a quick shower she headed for the parking lot where, as expected, Billy sat in the cab of his used Dodge van. The "love machine", he called it and it had been the site of the couples love-making on more than one occasion.

"Hello gorgeous" Billy offered. 

"Hi, Billy. Been waiting long?" Carrie responded as she climbed in beside him and offered her lips to his.

"Worth the wait, I'd say," as he met her lips and slid his tongue into her mouth.

Carrie molded her body into his as the kiss lingered and Billy's left hand gently caressed her left breast, his fingers tweaking her now-hardening nipple. This action never failed to get Carrie horny and she could feel the sensations running right down to her pussy. She could feel her shorts begin to moisten. 

Billy unbuttoned a button on her blouse and then another and her breasts were now exposed as his fingers continued to roam back and forth between the two succulent mounds. "Forget to wear a bra again? He teased.

"I can't seem to remember when I am around you can I, she giggled.

Billy leaned over and put her nipple in his mouth and suckled while his other hand circled her other. "You have beautiful tits. I just love to suck on them," he whispered.

Carrie gently put her hands against his head. "Not now, Billy Not here." 

Billy didn't listen and instead leaned back into his seat and placed Carrie's hand on the inside of his thigh. She slid her hand up his leg until her fingers could feel the throbbing cock that strained to get out of his pants.

"My God, You are so hard," she exclaimed as her lithe fingers rubbed the length of his cock.

"Take it out, Care Bear," he begged. "I need you to touch it."

Carrie knew she shouldn't unzip him here in the school parking lot but his hands were insistent as they traced her fingers. She unbuckled his button and slowly unzipped his pants letting his long magnificent male member spring straight up. Carrie wrapped her hand around it, slid it up and down smoothly and as always, marveled at the size of it.

"Oh Carrie, you are making me so fucking horny." As he said that he reached down and let his fingers run across Carrie's crotch letting his fingers push against the crease in her shorts. He then put his other hand on the back of her head and ever so slightly pushed against it. The expectation was obvious. "Put it in your mouth, babe," he implored

"Billy, I can't do that here. There are people still around. The other cheerleaders will be coming out.

They won't know. Suck my cock, baby! With that he pushed a bit harder and Carrie leaned over and let the tip of his cock enter her mouth. Forming a perfect O the attractive senior reached into his pants and wrapped her hand around his hairy sack squeezing his balls as her mouth slid over his cock. Up and down she began and the sensations in Billy's balls escalated.

"Oh! Baby! Nobody can suck a dick like you can!"

Carrie adjusted her body, going up on her knees so that her cute ass was raised into the air, her tits hanging down from her chest as she continued to suck his ample cock. She knew what Billy liked and she not only prided herself in giving great head -- she loved doing it. Ever since she was 16 she had realized that the way to keep her dates happy was to suck their cocks and many was the night she had gone home with a happy boyfriend and a belly full of cum.

Billy took his right hand and ran it down her back, to her ass where he rubbed his fingers between her legs feeling her pussy now dripping with lust. With one swift movement he hooked his fingers into the band of her tiny shorts and slid them over her ass. Carrie, so engulfed in sucking his cock, hardly noticed but when his fingers parted her pussy lips she spread her legs wider -- opening to the pleasurable invasion. He slipped first one and then two other fingers up into her pussy and the fullness and sensation drove Carrie to ecstasy. By now she was deep-throating all of Billy's cock and she looked forward to the load of creamy cum she knew she would soon get. 

Unbeknownst to Carrie, Whitney and Angie along with their boyfriends Sam and Bruce were headed toward the van. Billy saw them coming but the combination of being ready to cum and a natural exhibitionistic spirit kept him from alerting her. Instead, he increased the pounding of her pussy with his fingers.

Carrie could feel the orgasm beginning in her pussy and also could feel the bubbling in Billy's balls. She increased her oral activities and ground her hips into his fingers.

As Angie and Sam came up to the drivers side and Whitney and Bruce leaned against the passengers window Billy shot his load deep into her mouth. Carrie tried to swallow all of it but was unable as it escaped around the corners of her lips. She lifted her tiny ass in a series of spasms letting her orgasm wrack her body. Heaving with satisfaction and with cum dripping from her lips she looked up at Billy and it was then that she saw Angie and Sam looking through the window.

"Billyyy!, she screamed," wiping her lips with the back of her hand, and as she sat back in the seat she saw Whitney and Bruce on her other side. Her tits were hanging down and since her shorts were on the floor of the van she couldn't cover herself and turned red with embarrassment. Between her legs grew a thick patch of dark pubic hair that was clearly visible on both sides of the van. Billy had made Carrie promise not to shave there because he loved a thick bush and Carrie was only too happy to oblige.

Angie was intent upon staring at Billy's huge cock, soft but dripping with saliva and cum. Billy was in no hurry to cover up his manhood as both girls looked on.

"Carrie you could have at least climbed in the back," Whitney offered.

"I know but I was so freakin' horny I just couldn't wait" Carrie replied. "Besides we didn't expect you guys to be peeking in."

"We weren't peeking. Piped up Bruce. "We could hear you in the car and thought we'd enjoy the show."

"Yeah,! affirmed Angie, "and after looking at Billy's dick I think I want to get going now 

Sam."

Sam, who had been intently staring at both Carrie's hairy pussy and full tits, was in no mood to argue. He was behind Angie and reached around her to grasp her breasts with both of his hands. She just looked up over her shoulder at him and pushed her tight butt into his crotch, gyrating to tantalize him.

"So, are we still on for the party tonight at Alice's house?" asked Whitney attempting to add some conversation to what had been an awkward time.

"Yea, I'm going to go home and change and eat supper. We'll pick you guys up in the van around nine," Carrie responded 

The two couples went to their respective cars and Carrie laughed as she said. "Sam doesn't stand a chance. Angie will have his cock in her in no time and speaking of cock I see yours is starting to get hard again." She stroked it with her left hand but Billy had had enough.

"Carrie for goodness sake you are insatiable. Give me a rest."

"O.K. Bill but the night is young."

He started the van as she reached over to pick up her shorts sliding them up over her hips. My God, he thought, "this little piece of ass will be the death of me."

Later that night Billy and Carrie picked up the other four teenagers and headed for what was to be a "killer" party according to Alice Corning. Her parents were away for the weekend and although she was supposed to stay at her aunt's, she had made the excuse that she had a lot of studying to do and was staying at a friend's house. Alice, too, was a cheerleader and dated Rex McCormack, the star quarterback on Pine Crest's football team. She had invited about two-dozen people including most of the older cheerleaders and football players.

Carrie rode in front next to Billy while the other four were in the back of the van. When they arrived at the Corning house the pair in front went around back and opened the door. Inside the two couples were sitting on old couches facing each other and were handing around a joint.

"Hop in, you two," invited Whitney. "We have a pretty good buzz going so you will have to catch up."

Billy and Carrie climbed in and both took deep drags off the cigarette. 

Whitney and Bruce began to make out as the cigarette was passed between the other four.

"Oh! I am feeling fucked up," giggled Whitney.

"Grass makes me soo horny," responded Bruce.

"Well, let me see," said Whitney as she rubbed her hands over Bruce's crotch. "My that is getting nice and hard isn't it?"

She began to unzip his pants as Angie spoke up. "Aren't we going into the party? You're not going to do that now are you?"

"Yeah, we're going in. I just want to play with my baby's cock for a minute." By now she had unzipped and opened his pants letting his dick spring free.

After several quick inhalations of the marijuana both Carrie and Billy were feeling a sense of euphoria and between kisses they glanced over at the other couples. In addition to Whitney now rubbing Bruce's cock, Sam had unbuttoned Angie's blouse and was now feeling her tits inside her bra. 

"Hey," began Carrie. "I thought you were giving me a hard time earlier when I was blowing Billy."

"We were just kidding," responded Whitney as she lowered her mouth onto Bruce's straining penis. "We are just as horny as you."

"Besides," said Bruce. "Billy already shot his load today. Sam and I haven't and we need to release some of this pressure building in our balls."

"How about we all blow our boyfriends here in the van and then go inside," suggested Carrie.

"What about us?" Angie replied. "I don't mind sucking Sam off but I'm horny too. I want to get fucked."

"We'll do that later." Promised Sam. "But for now take my cock in your pretty mouth."

All three guys slid their pants down to their ankles and with their manhood reaching for release the three cheerleaders proceeded to get on their knees in front of their respective boyfriend and took their cocks deep into their throats. 

"Which cock is bigger?" asked Angie as she withdrew it from her mouth and gripped the base of Sam's cock tightly.

Both of the other two also withdrew and as the three cocks glistened with the girl's saliva a decision was tough to reach.

"Billy's is the widest," offered Whitney. "But they all seem about the same size."

"Have you ever wondered if they taste different?" asked Angie. 

"Why, is that the only one you have ever sucked?" replied Carrie incredulously.

"Why, yeah, have you sucked others?"

"Yes," replied Carrie. "Several others. How about you Whitney?"

"No, Bruce is the first."

"Say, What if we were to trade just this once so Whitney and I could taste the difference," suggested Angie. "I'm sure the boys wouldn't mind. Would you guys?"

"That's a great idea." Piped up Whitney. "Whatta ya say Carrie?"

"I will go along with it if the guys don't care."

"Hell no, we don't care, do we guys?" said Billy. "We can see how your cocksucking skills differ. How about if each of you sucks for one minute and then rotates?"

"Sounds kinky, replied Angie. But I'll go along with it."

"Before you do that how about each of you getting naked. That will make it so much hornier as we can stare at your pussies and tits as you blow us," suggested Sam.

"Okay, okay, c'mon girls let's give these boys a show."

Each of the girls took off all of their clothing and for the next ten minutes the girls took turns sucking each of the boys' cocks. All of a sudden the back door to the van opened and there stood Alice Corning and her boyfriend Rex McCormack.

"Oh my fucking word! What are you guys doing?" stammered Alice as she stared at the three nude teens on their knees with a cock deep in their throats.

"We'll be in in a minute," replied Carrie. "We thought we would give our boyfriends a little treat first."

"But you are sucking off Sam," said Rex.

"Yeah, we're experimenting. Now shut the door." 

Alice slammed the door and the three girls returned to the cocks in their hands. It wasn't long before Billy began to moan and grabbed Whitney by the head pulling it down and holding it in place. His orgasm began to ripple through his body as cum spurted into Whitney's mouth. She tried to back away but Billy held her head in place and the full force of his load filled Whitney's mouth almost making her gag as she quickly swallowed his cream.

Bruce was next as he shot his load down Angie's throat, her hands squeezing his balls as he fired another volley of cum.

Only Sam had not yet cum and Carrie picked up her pace sliding her mouth up and down on his rod at a rapid pace. Angie went over beside Carrie and reached down to her boyfriend's balls and began to rub and squeeze them but still Sam was unable to cum.

Finally Carrie had a idea. "Ang, when Billy has trouble cumming I just slide a finger into his ass. It never fails."

"Are you kidding?" she replied

"No. try it," Billy affirmed.

So Angie reached around behind Sam and slowly pushed her index finger against his sphincter as Carrie resumed sucking. Slowly her finger inched into Sam's asshole and Sam thrust his hips up into Carrie's face forcing his cock even deeper in her throat and within seconds he began to buck as the load of boy juice exploded from his cock. Carrie was thrown backward by his bucking and a jet of cum shot into her face, across her lips and onto the side of her nose. The second shot sprayed across her throat and down onto her tits. 

Carrie took her fingers and wiped the cum from her face and placed it on Angie's tongue.

"Here, take your boy's cum. It is good for you -- lot's of protein."

"How do you know so much about sex, Carrie?" asked Angie as she removed her finger from Sam and swallowed his cum.

"Just experience," she replied. "Plus, I am not afraid to experiment. Did you notice a difference in the taste of the cocks?"

Whitney was the first to respond. "They all tasted good. I guess I am just a born cocksucker."

"Me too," replied Angie. "I guess we all are. Now we better get inside. I'm sure they will be talking about us in there."

As the three couples walked into the party they were greeted with a series of whistles and catcalls. Alice and Rex had obviously reported their findings to the gathering and they were bombarded with attention as they entered. One of the other senior cheerleaders, a cute short blonde with huge tits, named Sherry, came up to Angie and wasted no time asking what it was like to suck three different cocks.

"It was great," replied Angie. "They were all long and hard and each tasted just a little bit different. I found out that I really love giving head."

"So do I," Sherry responded. "But I have only sucked off Steve and one other guy a year ago, and never on the same night. That is so wild. Did they eat your pussies too?"

"Not yet, but they will before the night is over and I'll have that big cock inside me too."

The other girls were inundated with similar questions from the half dozen girls at the party and the boys, too, were interrogated.

"Which girl sucks the best cock?" Rex asked Billy.

"They were all great, but I am prejudiced toward Carrie of course. She is just so horny and I don't think there is anything she wouldn't try."

After the initial round of questioning the teens settled into a festive party atmosphere with plenty of beer and grass being enjoyed by all. It was a couple of hours later that Rex approached Billy once again.

"You know how earlier you said that you didn't think there was anything that Carrie wouldn't try?"

"Yea"

"Well how about if we turn this party into an orgy?"

"Gee, I don't know. I'm not sure she would be comfortable in front of everyone."

"Sure she would. Hell she knows everyone here. Most of the people are either cheerleaders or football players and you said yourself that no one is hornier."

"Oh, she is horny all right. Plus, she hasn't got off yet today. She has only blown me twice so she may be ready." 

Just then Carrie came over and put her arms around her boyfriend. "Just what are you two up to, she asked.

"Nothing, honey. Just talking" replied Billy as he planted a kiss on her lips and let his hand slide down so that he could casually rub her ass.

Carrie, who had enjoyed several beers and hits off the communal joints, leaned into the kiss and rubbed her breasts against Billy's chest. "That feels good, baby. I love you to rub my ass but don't start something you can't finish."

"How about we go upstairs for a minute and find out," Billy asked.

"Sounds good to me. I saw Angie disappear a couple of minutes ago."

Billy winked at Rex as Carrie pulled Billy toward the stairway. At the head of the stairs the couple glanced to their right where there were two bedrooms each with a small bed.

"Let's look down the other end," suggested Billy

At the other end the door was closed but that didn't stop Billy from gently opening it. Inside on a large king sized bed he could see a nude couple engaged in sexual foreplay. From the moonlight shining through the window they could see it was Angie with her boyfriend Sam. Angie's long blonde hair was on the pillow while Sam had his face buried between her legs. Muffled sounds of appreciation filled the air.

"Oh God Yes, Sam Please don't stop! Lick Me! Lick that pussy!

Sam had no intention of stopping as his tongue licked Angie's clitoris with a fervor that was driving her wild and the couple did not hear Billy and Carrie approaching until they climbed on the opposite side of the bed.

They had been removing each other's clothing as they watched Sam lick Angie's pussy and as they lay down Billy went right for Carrie's tits, gently squeezing the nipple of one while sucking the other. Her hand reached below and found Billy's cock expanding in her grasp.

It didn't take Billy long to lower his kisses across Carrie's stomach and into the thick brown bush surrounding her pussy. He, too, begin licking deep into the moist crevice of his girlfriend and before long both girls were moaning. Carrie, beside herself with the sexual need of a cheap tramp, leaned toward Angie and reached for her breasts which she proceeded to rub. Carrie then turned her head to Angie and ran her tongue along the blonde's lips which opened and accepted the tongue deep into her mouth. The girls kissed deeply as they rubbed each other's tits feverishly and their orgasms began to mount.

The door to the bedroom opened but both couples were oblivious to the intrusion as Whitney, Bruce and two other couples, including Alice and Rex, came closer. Each began to remove their clothes as they watched eagerly the two beautiful cheerleaders making out with each other as they were being eaten. Bruce reached down and began to rub one of Carrie's tits while Whitney did the other. Carrie, sensing the touches of newcomers, broke from her kiss with Angie and reached out for Bruce's cock that was next to her side of the bed. After pulling on the hard cock a handful of times Carrie reached behind to his ass and pulled him on to the bed. She then slid his cock into her mouth and began to suck his dick with enthusiasm.
