 8. The Milky Way (part 1)

Before dinner, Dani hugged me tight around the back of my chair, planting small kisses on the side of my neck and then searching my eyes, and I was smiling back at her, recalling how she and Jess were the first people here to like me. And then she kissed me on the lips, and let me say, that girl can kiss.

After dinner, Dani took my hand to lead me to the orgy, but I shook my head, Jess' hand now on my other arm, and said to Dani "Tomorrow," then leaned down to gently kiss her.

Jess' other hand now on Dani, she said "We're camping under the stars" and kissed Dani on the cheek.

We changed into warmer clothes with Callie, packed food and water, walked to the gear barn to find sleeping bags and a large tent and two inflatable queen-sized mattresses and fitted sheets and then Dani came in and hugged me again, close, perplexed, longing, and I kissed her and really I could've spent quite a bit more time doing that, as close to magic as I could imagine any kiss could be with someone I wasn't fully in love with, but eventually I drew back and put a finger to her lips and repeated "Tomorrow." Then I took Jess' hand and she took Callie's and I led them outside into a suddenly chill breeze.

The extradimensional portal closed just after Callie passed through so there would be no way Dani could follow without riding 15 miles to the caldera in the dark - the place we stepped out was the doorway to that small outbuilding I'd memorized earlier today.

"Holy shit!" Jess exclaimed, while Callie was beyond speech, though she did put her arm around my waist, sighing, and leaned her head against my shoulder. Overhead in a spectacular clear sky were more stars than I'd ever seen in my life, and, bright and close enough to take your breath away, there was the tail of the Milky Way. Not the brightest parts, which would rise later, but on as clear a rain-scrubbed night as this, it was a good start.

I inflated the mattresses, which really inflated themselves, this magic business is handy stuff especially in the absence of electricity which, it came to me just then, is another kind of magic, and though we set up the tent we decided that outside with an unobstructed view of the cold clear sky with our sleeping bags zipped together would be better, so with clean sheets under us that we might not have needed, we were all in one big sleeping bag, our now-naked bodies keeping each other warm, and for our first hour we didn't do anything more than stare at all the fucking stars. Well, I had a hand on both Jess and Callie, and they each had a leg over one of mine and one hand very near downtown, close enough to keep a sensual buzz simmering, but this was about feeling the Earth turn, and we actually could feel it turn, the night sky so close and wheeling so slowly around a point behind us.

"Virgo," I said, pointing south, just above the caldera rim, knowing that something like it was the reason Callie and Taylor hadn't gotten pregnant, then a little higher to our right, "Leo," which brought back an echo of something I might've known once or maybe was just sensing for the first time, something to do with Sati just as Pisces and Puppis did, and almost right overhead, "Big Dipper," and beyond Polaris over our heads, our necks craning backwards to see, "Cassiopeia." And from this perspective, Cassiopeia, that mortal queen who boasted to gods and mortals that she and her daughter Andromeda were more beautiful than Poseidon's nymph daughters, earning Poseidon's wrath, Andromeda saved from a sea monster by a hero who loved her at first sight, was facing down. And the way I'd always seen Cassiopeia, the deeper segmented "V" in her "W" was an enormous shapely breast in profile, and that recognition brought Callie to straddle me and Jess to take hold, teasing me to incredible hardness as Callie lowered herself, Jess moving her delicious hand to cup and caress my balls as Callie took me into her, above me just as Cassiopeia was above all of us.

"No cumming," Callie whispered, which drew a little moan from me as I relished the feel of her tight wonder-full ass in my hands, and then, slowly up and down and flexing down harder, she and Jess brought me to the edge and I didn't go over but Callie sure did and then it was Jess' turn, me already hard as stone.

"Give Jess the same magic you gave me," Callie whispered, shakily, into my ear, and by then Jess was so tight around me and then all the way down like Callie had been, swirling her cervix against me as I took her firm soft bottom into one hand, my body remembering just how strong and flexible she could be and how fucking sexy that was, Jess counted me down, slowly, all the way from 10, my other hand on Callie, and by the time Jess reached "Two" I was completely out of my head with desire for what both these loving women were doing to me, a greater tender joy than any vain ancient mortal in the sky could ever be, and Jess was moaning and gasping as she struggled so hard to hold back her release and when she said "One" and we came together, and Callie came with us, I was thrust right back into that floating drifting ecstasy, this time with both these astonished, astonishing women, and everything I'd learned about this universe, including what these stars and planets and moons and asteroids and comets and meteors and their motion and their influence on us and each other had taught me tonight, I put all of it into Jess, and she just fucking screamed as she came again around me that much harder, and a part of me knew

DamnI amA luckyMan

A magical shelter had woven itself around us, I don't remember how it happened but I'm pretty sure we built it ourselves and it was stronger than the one around Sati's school of magic. We didn't do it consciously but now I knew how to build a stronger one, which We would do on our return, after everyone else had their turn with me.

But for now we all had a nice refreshing drink of water, and then we slept.

I woke maybe three hours later, much more of the Milky Way climbing the sky, and with Callie and Jess snuggled close on each side, they felt the change and woke within a few minutes.

"Shit," Jess said, staring up and shaking her head, reflected stars sparkling in her beautiful light brown eyes and from the small silver bar in her pierced nose, "I had no idea."

"Bob," Callie began, "about Taylor. She's completely taken over Stuart and Kelsey and she wants another crack at you."

"She needs it," I said, and I sounded almost coherent.

Callie and Jess shared a look.

"We'll go to a very dark place soon, and her path is darkest. She needs more practice," I said.

"Shit ... Bob, are you back?" Jess asked, softly.

"No," I said, and that made me sad, "but soon, I think."

"I worry about you, Bob," Callie said. I don't want to lose you to Taylor. She is Sati's."

"I was, too," I said. "Now I'm not, thanks to you. Now I'm yours." And I kissed her deeply, and I turned to kiss Jess the same way, because I knew I belonged to both of them, and they to me, and I wanted them to know.

"Today I taught Taylor everything I know about pleasing you," Jess said, regretfully.

"Not everything," I said, looking deep into her eyes, and she smiled, doubtful at first, but then less so. "Not nearly."

"Dani wants you, too," Callie said.

"Dani is conflicted," I said.

"Damn," said Jess, "are you sure you're not back?"

"Dani was Sati's," I said, "and now she's wondering if that's right for her. She sees what's become of us and she wants that, and she's figured out that she won't get it from Sati."

"Do you know who Sati is?" Callie asked after a long pause, and there was an even longer pause before I answered.

"Yes," I said, finally. And we let that hang there longer, but I was already tuning back into our sky and we were awake for another half hour of glorious starry brilliance, the moon new, holding each other, turning with the Earth, Gaia, the original and purest goddess of them all, the Milky Way levering higher, and their warm soft firm supple bodies felt so good against me, the meat in this loving female sandwich on this cold night at this high altitude in this warm sleeping bag with both of them at the gate of dreams with me, breathing softly on me, past me, onto each other, and when we woke again it was dawn.

"Bob," Callie said, sadly, "when I found your grimoire, it was in the drawer in the nightstand beside your bed, and I know which side of the bed you slept on, and I wanted to be the woman sleeping on the other side. Jess, I'm sorry."

"I ... can't ... remember," I said, some part of me sad even here, now, with them, and it was like I hadn't been so relatively lucid overnight at all.

"I forgive you," Jess said to Callie, and stretched over me to kiss her, and then, her firm breasts on my chest, Jess said "Mmmmmmmm," and wriggled more fully onto me, and then she was kissing me and then I was hard and I could tell she wanted to rise up and thrust her tight beautiful pussy into my face but that would've meant exposing her naked self to the cold dawn air so she settled for grinding and then moving up so one of her beautiful breasts was in my mouth while her feet played with my cock, and goddess, she was as good with her feet as she was with her hands because it didn't take long before I was going to make a mess and she said

"I guess I didn't teach Taylor everything, did I?" and she put a finger to one cheek, looking not-so-innocently away, and her lopsided smile showed me her first dimple but then she looked back at me, concerned, and asked "Should I have?"

"This can be just for us," I said, as semi-lucid as I'd been under the Milky Way. But Callie dove deep into the warm stale air of our sleeping bag and took me into her mouth, and when Jess made me make that mess no more than 20 seconds later, toes splayed from tight against my balls to scissoring my shaft, nary a drop was spilled.

"I love dimples," I said as I faded back into sweet oblivion, but I knew Jess glowed to hear it.

Two hours later, we walked back from the gear barn, some trail food in us but ready for something warmer and more substantial. Dani came out from the hall and wrapped her arm around my waist, possessive, relieved but concerned.

"Where the hell did you go?" she asked, almost angry. "You walked out that door and when I followed there was absolutely no trace of you, and I'm really fucking good at tracking."

"Today," I said, and I kissed her and she kissed me back, and I resisted falling into her. "Breakfast," I said, and then we walked inside.

After we'd eaten our fill and heard stories of how Stuart and Kelsey had sold every one of the 95 chickens they'd brought to the Farmer's Market and all the mushrooms we'd foraged and most of our vegetables and herbs and tea and honey and quite a lot of our preserves, banking nearly $10,000, and we were warmed up and cheerful and laughing together, Callie said "Everyone gets Bob today, and he will give you everything he gave us last night, and by the way that was the best way to see stars, ever," and she was actually blushing. Then Stu and Kelsey excused themselves and Taylor while Callie, Jess and I changed into more comfortable indoor clothes. 

This might've been a difficult thing to reconcile, for Callie, but she did it, for me. Sharing that much magic, that much knowledge ... was it a thing to ration carefully or was it a thing to freely share? In the end, it was about how she felt after learning it herself. She'd been so shocked after I learned how to stop a chicken's heart, and so amazed and concerned when I learned how to fucking fly and when I learned how to take one step to travel 15 miles. But after she learned how to do these things herself it became less of an issue, and while I'm not exactly sure why, it might've been her perception that when I learned anything new, me loving her the way I did, she would one of the first two people I shared it with.