 I work in an Irish pub named McNeal’s.  I have been pouring beer and whiskey for the past four hours, all I can think about is my shower and my boyfriend Shane.  Shane and I actually met in this pub.  One night he was sitting at the end of the bar with all of his white collared buddies throwing back as many drinks as I could bring them.  They were celebrating some big case they had just won.

He kept striking up conversation every time I came around, plus he would throw a couple bucks my way each time he got a drink.  Who ever said that money doesn’t make you attractive.  By the end of the night they were the only ones at the bar.  We called them a cab and sent them on their way. 

The next day looking quite pale Shane came back in for his keys.  It was early in the day so there weren’t many customers.  He thanked me for making sure that he and his buddies all got home safe.  As he was talking to me I couldn’t help but notice how extremely gorgeous he was.  He was tall around 6’1, nice build; you could tell that he frequented a gym.  He filled out his suit and tie nicely.  HE always wore dark suits, which matched his hair and complexion.  I loved when he would wear blue shirts because it just made his striking blue eyes even more noticeable.

Even just thinking about him I could feel the excitement growing in my stomach.  Only a couple more hours left and I can be home in his arms.  

The last of our customers left, I cleaned off the tables, and waved well by to my fellow co-workers.  As I drove home my mind kept wandering to all the things I wanted to do to Shane when I got in the door.  I love taking him by surprise, not saying a word to him and just make love to him unexpectedly. I was ready to take his cock in my mouth and pleasure him until he could take it no more.

When I walked in the door my plans were foiled, he and Brad, one of his partners from the firm, were sitting at the kitchen table with files spread all over the kitchen.  

“HI honey”, he said in a way that always made me grin.

“Looks like you boys have been hard at work.” I said as I leaned over and kissed him on the cheek, oh well my plans would have to wait until later. “ Since you are busy I am going to take a shower.  The bar was packed today.” I gave him one more lingering kiss on the mouth gently biting on his lower lip, giving him the signal that he should finish his work, because I had other plans for him.  

As I walked away I peeked over my shoulder and gave Shane a wink.  I made my way to the bedroom and began to undress.  It felt good getting out of those smoke filled clothes.  As I was getting my robe from the closet I stopped to look at myself in the mirror.  

I have always liked the way I looked.  Although I would never be model status I thought I was pretty.  I am 5’2” and curvy.  But my curves are in all the right places.  My red hair is long enough that it brushed up against my nipples when I took it out of its braid.  This gentle touch made my nipples instantly hard.  My breasts are a firm 34 C.  I wouldn’t change anything about them.  I am a one hundred percent natural red head, and I can prove it with my neatly trimmed red bush.  Most men I have been with have always found the coloring to be extremely exciting.  Shane was no different.  

I stepped into the shower and stood under the water just letting it run all over my body.  It felt so nice just to relax.  The water cascading down my back, and over my breast was so sensual I wish that someone were in the shower to enjoy it with me.  I began to rub my breasts, cupping them from underneath.  Twirling my nipples between my thumb and forefinger.  I moved my hand down over my stomach reaching in-between my legs, feeling a warm dampness, which was not caused by the shower water.  I pressed my middle finger down into the warmth, circling my clit.   I raised my leg up onto the tub wall so I could reach deep into the silky softness. I moved my finger in and out, slowly slipping in a second.  With each thrust i was getting closer and closer to climaxing.  Wit the water running down my legs I could feel an orgasm approaching.  A couple more seconds and I was going to be there.

Suddenly the door opened and the surprise had stopped all my efforts.  Damn, I was so close.  I pulled the shower curtain over to see Shane standing at the toilet.  I caught just the glimpse of his cock as he unzipped to go to the bathroom.  “Well if he is going to interrupt me he is just going to have to help me finish.” I thought to myself.

I turned the water off and stepped out of the shower.  “ Don’t even think about putting that gorgeous cock away mister.”  And gorgeous it was.  Shane dick was a good 7-½ inches cut when fully aroused, straight as an arrow.  

Shane turned around and gave me an inquisitive look.  “I was having a great personal session in the shower until you scared my orgasm off with your bathroom break. Now your going to have to help me get it back.”

I knelt down licking the tip of his cock.  I could still taste a bit of urine.  As soon as my lips wrapped around his head, he sprung up like a jack in the box.  Shane grabbed my shoulders and pulled me up.  Wrapping me in a big towel he began to dry me off.  Spending time caressing my breasts.  The soft cotton felt so good.  He bent down and took one of my nipples into his mouth.  Gently sucking and flicking his tongue back and forth.  His other had massaging and pulling at the other nipple.  

He moved down tracing my stomach muscles with his tongue. I felt his hands move along my sides bringing one in front and one behind.  He grabbed my ass with force, making me jump slightly.  His front hand was playing with my outer lips, almost begging to be let in.  He ran his fingers along the crease finally landing on my clit.  His back hand guided my left leg up onto the toilet seat opening up my cunt for his full access.  

HE began sucking and licking my hole like a wild man.  He had his own rhythm, on that I could not catch up with.  His tongue jutted in and out making my mind spin.  I was so close to coming and it was only s few short seconds.  But I really wanted to come.  So I grabbed his head and held him there.  His thumb was working my clit back and forth.  It was too much for me to take.  I moaned and shuttered as he kept thrusting his tongue deeper and deeper.  His chin was covered with my glistening juices.  I knelt down to meet him kissing him passionately.  Tasting my self with every kiss.  I could tell his dick was aching for some attention.  SO I reached down and began to stroke his velvet rod.  Shane always gets excited when he knows I am about to come.  He too brought a hand to his cock, standing up he placed his cock gently on my lips.  I licked his head, wiping away the bit of precum that was dripping from the tip.  

Slowly I allowed his dick to enter my mouth running my tongue down his shaft putting slight pressure on the vein that ran along the bottom.  As my mouth reached his balls and his hair tickled my nose there was a loud knock on the bathroom door.

We both jumped.  We had completely forgotten that Brad was still here.  Brad was also one of the new partners of the firm.  A very handsome young man with blond curly hair and blue eyes.  He was shorter and stalkier than Shane, but not out of shape.  

I looked up at Shane and with a smile he opened up the door.  Shane and I had always talked about having a threesome; I always said I guess if it just feels right I would be up for it.  Shane evidently felt that tonight was the night.  

When Shane opened the door, Brad was more than startled, his face became bright red.   I can only imagine what the scene must have looked like from the outside.  My on my knees naked, and Shane with his fully erect cock only inches from my mouth.

“I am sorry, you were gone so long I just…” Shane stopped him mid sentence and pulled him into the bathroom.  

Without another word Shane placed his dick r right back into my mouth were we had left off.  I began sucking him while I watched Brad.  He looked so uncomfortable, but I could tell by the growing bulge in his pants that he was also enjoying the view.  I held out a hand, hoping that Brad would take it.  He did and I pulled him in closer.  I began to rub his cock through his pants.  God two cocks this was much better than I had imagined.  Brad was becoming quite comfortable because he quickly unzipped his pants.  I began stroking him revealing his true size.  His cock was shorter than Shane’s I would say around 6 inches or so, but the girth on this baby was like none other I had seen.  

Shane pulled out and guided me onto his friends cock.  I hungrily accepted it.  Brad grabbed my tits as I was sucking away on his cock.  Behind me I could feel Shane’s fingers testing my cunt to see if I was ready for him.  It was all I wanted.  A huge fat cock in my mouth and one in my pussy.  

With both of my holes completely taken the three of us found our rhythm.  I fondled Brad’s balls as he fucked my mouth.  This was to much to take these two men were amazing.  I began to jerk off Brad as Shane plowed his cock into me.  I let out a scream of ecstasy.   My juices were flowing down my leg.  I had never cum this hard in my life.  
I could tell by Shane’s thrusts that he was close to filling my hole with his own juices.  I placed my lips back around Brads cock and sucked with the same intensity that I was being fucked.  As if it was the same dick, Brad and Shane both came at the same time.  Filling both ends with hot liquid.  Shane’s orgasm was much stronger than Brads.  I quickly swallowed all of the cum that Brad had given me, and when I was finished with that Shane was still pulsating deep inside of me.  Shane finally finished and rested his body on my back. Gently kissing my shoulders.  Brad sat down on the toilet and let ought a sigh of exhaustion.  

Shane began to go limp and slid out of me.  He stood grabbing my waist helping me to get up.  I leaned against him, hugging his waist.  He put his clothes back on and handed me my robe.  Brad had already pulled up his pants from his ankles.  

All three of us walked into the kitchen, I put on a pot of hot water and the guys sat back down at their files.  We sipped coffee and they tried to concentrate on their case.  Finally Brad was the one who broke the silence.

“ Shane I can’t concentrate on this, my mind is still whirling with the thoughts of your girls lips.”

“I completely understand you.”  Shane replied. 

 They both turned their heads and I caught their look and I knew I was in for a long night.  Nothing I was going to complain about.