 Hi my name is Gary, and as we all know sometimes we do things we sometime regret latter. Well this is a story of something that I did that at the time was fun but now hope that no one was hurt by, especially my girl friend at the time, Tracy.

At the time, while dating Tracy, I was also lightly gambling. I also owed the pool of my group about a grand, which I was hiding from Tracy. Except Tracy took a phone call from one of the boys demanding the cash or ass. Well to cut a story short, after a blazing row Tracy offered her ass for a once off payment, if I gave up gambling. After a short talk with the boys, it was agreed Let the night begin. We all met at the pub, and the boys got to know Tracy and the rules were made. The boys put up two hundred each and any hand I won Tracy got to keep, any hand I lost Tracy had to do what ever was asked.

Well after a few hands Tracy had one hundred in her kitty but had lost panty hose and skirt. In the next hands Tracy lost her blouse and was left in her sexy lime green knickers, white camisole top, and always present bra that held her mammoth tits. Next I won a couple of hands in a run building Tracy a larger bank. Then I lost again and Terry asked that he be able to remove Tracy’s bra, letting her breasts swing free. As he did he coped a quick feel of her breasts, the firsts contacts from the group and Tracy, bringing a smile to Tracy’s nervous face and a mix of laughs and whistles from the boys. Next Joe won and told Tracy that she was to sit next to the five of them, one at a time and open their fly under the table and play with them until they were hard, but not to let them come. 

She did as she was told, first sitting between Tony, making small talk with the gang, while we shared a drink and me, she fumbled under the table and started to play with his hardening cock. She then swapped seats and did the same to Joe, and then she moved around the table till she had enjoyed the thrill of feeling all five unfamiliar hard cocks. At the next hand Tracy was told to clime under the table and take off my trousers and briefs, and then give ma a blowjob with me to come over her full tits. Well to the whistled of the group Tracy disappeared and moments later I felt the warmth of her breath on my stomach as she lifted my cock, I felt it stiffen as she tongued the head of my prick. I nervously enjoyed the sensations as she ran her tongue along the underside of my cock and down to my swollen sack... The thrill of the feeling as she took each of my balls into her mouth, sitting there with my mates sitting around the table. She returned to my hard cock taking it into her warm wet mouth, using her full lips to move up and down, sucking me hard into her throat. As I sat there with my mates, trying to make small talk, my woman that I wanted was under the table giving me the blowjob of the century. 

At the time when I would stop her, throw her on her back, rip off her knickers, lick and eat out that succulent cunt, all before fucking her tight pussy and joining her in the throes of orgasm, I realized that I couldn’t, I just had to moan that I was going to come soon. Tracy took my cock out of mouth long enough to tell me to push the chair into center of the room, giving the boys a good view of her head bobbing up and down in my lap. They whistled as she brought me closer to the brink. 

One of the guys reached out patted Tracy’s behind while telling her to bring me to the boil. As I grunted that I was about to come Tracy flipped up the front of the camisole and slipped my throbbing prick between her breasts. With a gush I came over those succulent globes, letting my thick come splat on her excited nipples, with the juices running all over her, I spurted between those melons leaving streams of white goo running across her chest. After I had finished Tracy pulled the front of her top down. which left her standing there in her very brief panties and now almost transparent top, from the mix of sweat, excitement. And my come, with those excited nipples sticking through.

After she joined rest of us at the table, her face blushed red with a flush of blood realizing that not only had she sucked me off in front of the group of strangers but also they could visibly see her breasts that she was self conscious of because of their size, we somewhat returned to the game.

Again I had a winning run building Tracy’s bank to almost four hundred of the original thousand banks. Then I lost and Mario challenged Tracy to stretch out on the couch and play with herself like the girls in those porno videos that we had all watched. Well with a big smile Tracy lounged on the couch and started to touch herself. She ran her fingers through her hair, tussling her beautiful mane of long red curls. Tracy then ran her hands down her body, touching her slender neck, her full breasts over the top of the camisole that was adhered to them with my come. Down her waist and along the edge of those bright green knickers, and along the inside of her firm thighs and down to the tip of her petite feet. 

Sitting there leaning forward almost bent in half, holding an ankle in each hand, she looked each of the six of us directly in the eye letting her breasts seductively swing under the thin material. Then she rolled back on the couch pulling her legs up till they were pointing at the ceiling, then with a graceful movement she opened her legs with her hands again running down the graceful line of the contours of her muscles. Six pairs of eyes watched those hands moved with grace and ease till they reached the V that we all craved for. With a delicate move she eased the hem of her panties to expose the taught ring of her arse hole, the wet lips of her sex, the tuff of red beautiful pubic hair, and ran a delicate finger across the access to that ripe bum, up through the entrance to her cunt, slipping just a tip of her finger into herself, and up to her clit exposing the red button of happiness to us 

Quickly replacing the skimpy material, she let her legs relax and drape themselves over the edge of the couch. Our eyes traveled with her fingers as she lifted the lace edging of her camisole to reveal her tits to us, pulling the top completely off, she sat back as she again took the fullness of her breasts in her hands, enjoying the sensations not only of her own manipulations but also the excitement of the tension growing in the room. 

Tracy took the weight of them and lifted them to her mouth, she ran her tongue around her nipples and then took her hard nipples between her teeth and started to stretch, suck, and tease her own breasts till her nipples stood erect on top, her body again flushed with the excitement of her own needs in front of this group of strangers.

While her body craved sex, her brain was still working like the accountant that she was, she stood up and slowly walked around the table letting each guy get an eye full of the body that we all wanted, she gave each guy a kiss, some on the neck, some on the cheek, some on the sensitive earlobe, all the time rubbing her breasts against the lucky guy. After doing the rounds of the table she put forward her new proposal, that we could call the debt even, paid in full after her peep show, and she would get dressed and leave, or, she could take all the bank, and we would get a chance to get into those tiny bright green knickers of the most horny-est girl most of us could remember.

In a split second the five guys threw the bank into an envelope and pushed it towards Tracy, and asked her how she would like to play it. Well as a lucky double chance dip she wrote everything she had fantasized about on six separate sheet of paper, putting them in separate envelopes and then mixed them up. We all then split the deck and the highest draw got to pick an envelope. Four draws latter all five guys had an envelope in front of them, and Tracy then sat on my knee and handed me mine. 

They all opened their surprises, Tracy handed me a copy of the list or me to read silently to myself, the first guy got a 69’er with her on top, the second guy got to fuck that tight cunt missionary style, the third doggy style, the fourth with her on top, the fifth guy got her virgin arsehole. They all turned to me and asked what mine red. In a muffled voice I told my duty was to be her slave for the night, keeping her supplied with a drink or cigarettes, I was to tell her how good she looked as she humped my friends. I didn’t tell them that also I was to eat her well fucked pussy, full of my mates come, as the last guy arse fucked her. And then only after I had licked both holes clean, that I could please her in any position that she chose, only I was not aloud to come for the rest of the evening.

Tracy stood up and walked to the center of the room. After ruffling her hair she turned her back to the group, stood with her feet slightly apart, put her thumbs in the sides of her knickers, and bent at the waist in one swift movement, pulled the scrap of green down to her ankles. And kicked them across the room. She stood up, naked for the first time, letting my entire mates look at the beauty of her nude body. Putting her hands on her hips, she looked around the table, and asked who was first. Barry stood from the table, and walked to Tracy. She greeted him with open arms, took him in an embrace and kissed him passionately, then started to undress him. 



Starting with his shirt, she stripped him to the waist, and after waiting as he stripped off his footwear; she opened his waistband and pulled down the zipper. Tracy dropped to her knees and took out his hard on, putting it to her own lips and opening them, till he pushed forward and eased his cock into her mouth. She pulled away and eased off his jeans and boxer shorts. Pulling him to floor she kissed him briefly, then while holding his hardness gently in one hand, she ran her tender red lips along the muscles on his neck she nibbled on his taught male nipples on his broad chest, down to tickle his belly button with her talented tongue, and finally her flushed face rested inches from his cock. 

Her senses took in the aura of this almost stranger whom she was about to excite with her hands, tongue and mouth. She took in his taste, his texture, his sounds, his looks, and the delightful aroma of the pure sexual state. As she lent to again take his prick into her mouth she felt his hands on his hips pulling her over his body. She moved as his hands wanted, her sex inches from his face, her legs sitting either side of his rugged face, she felt for the first time the tip of his tongue trace the outline of her pussy, gently he moved his head so he could kiss the inside of her thighs, one side then the other, she felt the sensations of sexual pleasure as he started to nibble the hood that hid her clit bringing it to life. 

She moved as his hands and body wanted, he moved her slightly forward with her taking his cock in her mouth, she felt his tongue travel from her clit up into the warmth of her cunt, tasting her for the first time, and the he moved up to between the twin peaches of her bum, he pulled them open to explore her tastes of her anal ring, she felt the tip at her entrance, then the broadness as he forced it into her. She enjoyed the sensations as he invaded her private place, building the needs for release her body craved, as she sucked his throbbing cock. Tracy nibbled the tender skin of the under side of his cock and lent down to taste the musk of his balls, taking one at a time in her mouth. She sucked as if she could taste his seed from the sack; Tracy swapped and repeated the action causing Barry to collapse back onto the floor, as he fought to catch his breath and composure. 

Fighting back, Barry almost attacked Tracy’s cunt and arse, teasing her, exciting her, as she excited him. Both of them fought to bring the other to the climax that each wanted. Two people in one mind to achieve sexual bliss, unaware of the rest of us now standing, as we watched. In almost unison the two of them flinched, stiffened, groaned, relaxed, and every other sensation two people can share or feel as their partner, and their own body spazamed in ecstasy

After she rolled off, she rested her head on Barry’s thigh and told me to get a six-pack for the boys. Barry was to get the first as a reward for his effort, As Tracy. Relaxed she asked for No 2 to stand up, as he did she told him to get her a tall long white wine in a chilled flute that both could be found in the fridge, and also a cigarette. She lay there covered in sheen of perspiration and sexual excitement, sipping on the cold wine, a contrast from the heat of her body. 

She told him to strip as she rested there. When he was naked, she pushed herself up to a sitting position and took a strange cock in her mouth for the second time that night. Ounce he was hard Tracy laid back down, she spread her legs and looked up at him, with a husky voice she said to him “Okay big guy climb aboard, but take it easy for awhile, you mate was good but a bit rough on the pink tender bits.”

Mario dropped, first to his knees, then to the floor between Tracy’s legs. As he took that hardness that strained from his crutch he rested it against her swollen pussy lips. While her brain told her to resist and rest, her body responded to the pressure as he pushed into her, her cunt moistened as he entered her. She felt her pussy stretch as the large-ness filled her, enjoying the feeling, till he was so far up her his balls rested against her bum. 

Slowly he started to slide out of her till only the thick purple head rested between her lips With a thrust her entered her again bringing a gasp to her lips. Resting on his elbows, as his hips moved so that he could slowly enter her, he lent forward and kissed her, first their lips just touching for the first time, he repeated to touch his to her lips lightly again, then their mouths opening as they sucked on the others tongues. 

As he fiucked her she started to respond to him, first lifting her knees so the soles of her feet rested on the floor, then using her feet as leverage she started to move her hips to meet his thrusts. She started to run her hands up and down his back, feeling from the tight muscles on his back to the flexing muscles of his bum. He lifted his weight off her and lowered his head so that he could kiss her tender skin, from those red lips, down her neck to her weighty chest. Mario took their weight in his hands as he first sucked, then licked, them nibbled on the dusty pink nipples that crowned them While not knowing the person, Mario was making love to her body.

Again Tracy responded to his passion as she wrapped her legs around his waist opening herself to him and letting her drawing him deeper into her pussy. Together they moaned as the passion grew This was not someone just fucking a strange cunt, but someone who loved to fuck a hot pussy with his hard prick As they fucked they increased their vigor and speed. When Tracy went to adjust herself, Mario grabbed her legs and lifted them high into the air pulling her arse off the floor; he shifted so that he was in a kneeling with his knees under her bum. Then placing her legs over his shoulders he took her hand and let her guide that throbbing cock back into her cunt. He slipped easily into her, resting one hand on a breast again feeling the heat and excitement of her nipples, the other he gently touched face trailing it across her cheek, touching the fullness of her lips, At Tracy’s urging Mario started fucking her hot box. Together they humped as Mario tried to bring her to the fever pitch that Barry had achieved. Mario’s force excited Tracy as she verbally encouraged him to fuck her harder. The harder he fucked the more she responded She grabbed her own legs and pulled them wide open, while yelling at him to come, to fill her cunt full of his seed, to drown her pussy in his come, to shove his big dick so far up her till it came out her mouth. In a second he shuddered and groaned as he collapsed on top of her. Dripping with perspiration

Once again Tracy lifted her hand, as she lay there to accept a chilled glass as soon as Mario had stood up and collected his clothes. Her face was flushed, her breasts red with excitement, her pussy lips swollen and puffy after the pounding they had received, with a slight trickle of Mario’s come running down her crutch. Tony had walked up to Tracy rubbing his hard cock through his boxer shorts. He put out his hands to Tracy and pulled Her to her feet then walked her to the table. With a firm hand he pushed her forward till her top half was resting on the cool tabletop, her tits flat against the shiny surface. She looked at us around the table as Tony dropped his shorts and stepped out of them. He lifted his prick and slapped Tracy’s exposed pussy with his hardness. He then slid it into her cunt till he was fully embedded. Grabbing her hips he started to fuck her slowly, with deep and forceful strokes. 

Tracy lay there with eyes closed as Tony fucked her. Again her breathing started to increase, her hips started to push back to meet the thrust, she squirmed rubbing her breasts against the table, she opened her eyes and looked around at us again this time with that familiar lust we al had come to know finally locking on my eyes us she was fucked. I could see that not only was she enjoying the open sexuality of it all but our relationship had changed 

She let herself slip back into her brain, back to the pleasure her body was enjoying, something she had never let herself open to totally before She didn’t care who was fucking her or who was watching, She let all the guys watch her, watch her tits that she was self conscious about, she did not care who saw her sweat as she enjoyed the fat cock in her now sloppy cunt, she liked the aroma of sex that she smelt of, she loved the look of envy of the men who stood and sat around her who still craved her body, She came, not only in orgasm but also in the fact the she realized the power her body held.

Tracy gripped the edge of the table as her cunt gripped the cock in her, she yelled at Tony to fuck her, to ram it home, not to stop pounding her pussy. Tony stood behind her and grimaced as he resisted the pressure to come. He could not help it; he came and filled her cunt with his seed. He groaned as he slumped forward on her body He them collapsed onto the floor completely nackered Tracy pushed herself away from the table leaving an impression of her body there of sweat. She kneeled down and kissed Tony on the lips again and then lowered her head to his limp cock and licked it clean. Tracy then went around the group again, running a hand across a bare chest teasing a male nipple, nibbling on a ear of another, kissing a cheek, offering a full breast to suckle, fondling a cock as it rose to her approach, finally sitting on my lap with my hard prick resting between her ample thighs. Tracy asked for a beer from the group and accepted a cigarette from the table



Tracy took a long swig from the bottle and then put a thumb over the bottle top and shook it vigorously With a laugh, she pointed it round the group, some guys dived for cover, some laughed, some sat there with opened mouths waiting for a spray. With all our eyes on her, Tracy placed the cool bottle just below her breasts and let go of the top. The beer erupted in a stream of foam, jetting between her tits and covering her neck, and streaking through her hair and running across her face. One of the boys laughed and said that he hoped it did not cool her down to much, as we all liked how hot she looked. She said to us all that she would be back in a minute.

We all heard the running water and then Tracy came back into the room looking clean and fresh. Her hair was brushed and her make up was touched up. She had a towel and a small bottle of her favorite massage oil. With a glance over her shoulder she said she hoped if they did not mind if she took a break as I gave her a bit of T L C. She spread the towel on the floor and stretched out on it face up. Sitting next to her I put some oil on my hands and started to massage her shoulder. 
