 As I sipped my coffee, the events of the last hour ran through my head. After coming home to find my boyfriend and his business partner working on their next big case I had decided to take a shower. Who would have ever expected that by the end of my shower I would have on beautiful cock in my pussy and one in my mouth. 

I had never done anything like this until tonight. But I was defiantly excited to see what else the night would bring. Shane and Brad were sitting at the kitchen table; I could tell by the way they were chuckling they weren’t talking about anything work related. 

“Shane I can’t believe that you are willing to share. I mean if I had someone like this at home I don’t think I would ever be leaving the office late.” Brad said as he was staring at me. I like how this man thinks. So I walked up behind him and leaned over so his head rested softly in my cleavage. 

“ You should really listen to him Shane.” I said as I softly kissed Brads blonde locks. Sneaking a peak at his pants I could tell he was ready for some more action. There was a slight bulge and he shifted his weight. His cock was like heaven in my mouth. His skin was so smooth, and he never forced himself onto me, just enjoying everything that I offered him. Just reminiscing about the night’s earlier events I could feel a tingling begin between my legs. 

“Oh should I now,” Shane said with a raise of his eyebrow. Reaching his hand out, beckoning me over to him. I reached out my hand and with force Shane twirled me around so I plopped onto his lap. Much to my astonishment Shane was rock hard already. His manhood pressed up against my ass. As we sat there and continued to talk Shane slowly rolled his hips in small circles driving me crazy. 

I hate when he does this but I love it just he same. He has this way of knowing exactly when I really just want him to fuck me. Driving his cock into me so hard that I swear he is going to split me in two. He knows that is what I want right now, and he just plays with me and prolongs everything. Well two can play at this game. 

We continue to talk, and I begin to move my hips in the opposite direction that Shane is moving. As I roll my ass of his stiff dick he lets out a little moan next to my ear. His hand travels up my thigh bringing my nightshirt along with it. His fingers graze my clean shaven lips. At this point no one is talking. Brad has a front row seat to watch the action. 

He plunges two fingers inside of me sliding in and out easily. I gasp at the sudden contact I have been craving. Brad is just watching in amazement. I did have some reservations about all this foreplay in front of him, but in perspective I did just suck his dick dry. Besides Shane was feeling way to good to let anything else enter my mind. 

Shane sucked on the nape of my neck as he continued to roll his fingers over my clit. “ Oh baby..... Mmmmmm..... Uh Uh.. hmmm...” I softly cried as he worked his magic on my saturated pussy. I leaned my head back on his shoulder. Still grinding my hips down on his. “ Shane uhhh.... ummm... let me come.... please...mmm.”

And with that plead he pressed his palm flat against my clit and threw his long fingers deep into my hole. His left hand kneading my breast with the same calculated movements of his right. I could feel the warmth start in my stomach and spread all over my body. With one final thrust my body tensed. He continued to stroke my clit until my hips were pressed so hard onto his. After a few moments I let my body relax. A few drops of sweat formed on the back of my neck. 

“ Ahhh... that was great.” I said catching my breath. A smile ran across my face as Shane’s hand gently brushed against my cheeks. Brad just stared in amazement. His cock was aching to be released from its denim prison. 

“Shane you really do know how to get what you want. I hate being so predictable.” Shane new exactly what he was doing. Once I have had my first orgasm, I really am up for anything. My shields are let down. “What would you gentlemen like?” 

Shane was the first to answer. “ Babe I really want to see you suck him off. I love to watch you as you go down on me, but I think it would be awesome to get the whole picture.” I didn’t even have to ask Brad if this was okay with him. I knew it would be.

I rose from Shane’s lap and walked over to Brad. Throwing one leg over the seat I lowered myself so I was strattling him. My breasts were inches away from his face. His arms reached around me and cupped my ass. He began bouncing me on his lap, which in turn made my tits jiggle. He buried his face deep into my cleavage. With one swift motion he lifted off my nightshirt exposing my pink nipples. No longer covered they became hard as soon as they touched the cool air. 

Brad took little time to devour my tits. He was sucking and massaging them as if it was the last time he was ever going to see breasts. Shane moved up from his seat to get a better view. 

“ Lets all move to somewhere more comfortable.” I said as I led both of them into our bedroom. The three of us stood there caressing and kissing one another. Of course Brad and Shane never exchanged and sort of physical contact. Except for the occasional grazing of flesh if they happened to be going to the same area on my body. After a couple of moments the three of us were naked and Brad was lying on the bed with his feet planted on the floor. I was kneeling between his legs, and Shane was to the right of us taking in all the sights. I ran my fingers along Brads chiseled muscles. Tracing the lines down his pelvis to his course blond hair. I drew his penis towards my mouth pulling his body completely in line. I kissed and caressed his shaft, slightly dragging my teeth over his rigid cock. Slowly I eased my lips over his head, sliding his cock in inch by inch. When he hit the back of my throat he let out low guttural moan. 

“Ohhh…goooddd…. Ahhh…. Kelly this is so good….” Brad was becoming more and more vocal as my pace picked up. 

I glanced over at Shane his stroking was matching our pace. I was enjoying myself with Brad but it was Shane’s cock that I truly yearned for. I waved him over to me and took his rod in my hand. I alternated licking and sucking between Brad and Shane. There dicks were almost touching and I wondered how each of them would react if there was real contact. 

I decided not to risk ruining this wonderful evening. Maybe there would try some things on their own. No need for me to push the issue. My pussy was dripping wet and these two impressive cocks took both of my hands. 

“Mmmm… I love sucking on you two… but I would really love some attention of my own.”

With little discussion Brad pulled me up onto his body. Our chests pressed against each other. His cock jumping when my wetness reached him. He let me lay there for a few moments, taking the opportunity to thrust his hips up into mine. 

“Please Shane, I really want to feel this cock deep inside me. Please.” I was begging for permission. Shane crawled onto the bed and buried his tongue deep inside my mouth.

“ What ever you wish my pet.” Shane and I continued to kiss as I raised my hips to allow Brad access to my moist slit. HE drove his rigid rod deep inside of me. Thrusting with a power that had been building over the night. He was pounding my pussy so hard and grinding his hip into my clit every time they met. I was in complete and udder ecstasy. My breast were bouncing, Shane worked each breast like a master. Kneading, and rubbing my full C cups in his hands. My left hand was on Brad’s chest, trying to keep myself on top of his powerful piston. My right hand was working Shane’s cock into a pulsing frenzy. Once again I had more stimulation than I could handle. I decided to let myself go. With one more thrust, I gripped Brads dick with the inner walls of my pussy. I squeezed his chest and continued to stroke Shane. 

“Ah.. Ah.. Ah.. Ahhhhh. Oh. … Oh yeah…. Ahh…” My cries were too much for these guys to handle. I felt Brads cock begging to pulsate deep inside of me. I buried Shane’s cock deep inside my mouth, allowing him to come all over my face and chest. Brad was dumping load after load of hot jism into me. 

Shane began passionately kissing my lips, cleaning my mouth of his own come. HE worked his way down to my breasts, completely cleaning me. Brads flasid penis fell out of me and he slid his body down to meet my still pulsing pussy. His tongue glided over my clit and down to my cum filled hole. 

Having both of them clean me off was again more than I could take. I let out another cry and with that I collapsed onto the bed. The three of us crawled underneath the covers. I was on my side facing Shane, burying my face in his shoulder. He was laying face up kissing my forehead softly. Brad snuggled up against my back, his limp cock letting out the last of its juices. 

I really can’t remember the last time I was so excited, yet so exhausted at the same time.