 At the age of 37 I found myself newly divorced. I had met a string of single women, some of whom were looking for serious relationships, others who were just looking for a bit of fun rather than commitment.

After marrying at 20 I was so shocked at how easily I ended up in bed with these women whom I had only perhaps dated once or twice before being asked back to their places and told I could stop over. This surprised me even more as I did not have the rugged good looks of a movie star or indeed any real cash to flash. 

Perhaps it was my naivety which came from marrying early and not living much before marriage that appealed to some of my short-term partners or my sense of humour, refined to counter the upheaval of divorce.

Whatever it was, the novelty began to where thin eventually and the initial excitement of sex with relative strangers did not hold my attention and so I found myself unattached entirely for a few months and thoroughly enjoying the experience, being able to do what I wanted, when I wanted and not having to run to timetables dictated by dates.

To maintain my social skills I would go out on the frequent pub crawls attended by staff from my office. These would often start just after 5pm, usually on a Friday, and would involve moving from pub to pub, drinking one or two drinks in each before ending up somewhere too noisy and stuffy to round off the night.

My enjoyment of such evenings was limited as my expectations went no further than getting drunk and avoiding making an arse of myself. However, on one occasion these small targets were superseded and I was introduced to two new thrills in one night that made such a long-lasting impression on me that I was left wishing for a repeat performance that has never materialised.

It started off on a rather un-promising Thursday night. Payday fell on a Thursday in this particular month and all the serious party animals from the office, a group of about 25 staff, mainly women ranging from eighteen year old office junior's and secretaries to thirty-something clerks, hit the city bars a day early, a handful at least having put in a days leave for the Friday as they expected to be too trashed to work the next day.

Despite it being winter time the bars were full of women who were scantily dressed. The city in question was famous for the fact that its nocturnal inhabitants were often under-dressed for the harsh northern English climate. The group I was with were no exception and I found my self sat on a high stool at the corner of a bar with a secretary who worked for me, Annie. She was 21 and wearing a short, short blue denim skirt and white vest. This was brave as she did not have a flattering figure, being a little pear-shaped, wide hips and arse, small breasts and her pale, white skin looked even paler in contrast with her long, dark hair and brown eyes. She was quite timid and had a sheltered home life until she was 20 when she got engaged and moved in with her new fiancé who was himself from a small village and not well travelled.

Sat with us was Carol, a clerk who had worked for me but who had moved on to another team in the office. She was 32, five seven and strongly built without being over weight. Well-made would be a fair description, but a far cry from the stick-thin high flyers in the office who looked like they never ate a good meal in their lives. She was a Goth but had toned down her dress for work recently, moving from long black dresses and Doc Martin boots to shorter black skirts, high heeled red stilettos, black stockings and red, tight fitting blouses. She made quite an impression as she had retained her Goth hair style, though the colour had gone from the traditional black to a dark coppery red.

I was not paying a great deal of attention to the conversation which was going on until I heard Carol say to Annie, "Oh, I just get so fed up that no one takes any interest in me."

Annie replied, "But Carol, you are married to a nice bloke, you have a couple of kids and a good job. What more do you want? Look at me, 21, engaged to a bloke who is always having to work away and spending night after night alone in my flat."

I wondered where this was coming from and eased myself in to the conversation asking Carol what was wrong. She leaned forward and moved closer to me so I could hear her over the loud music blaring out now in the bar, "Life is so dull. This is my second marriage and there's no fun. The kids wear me out and my husband just does his own thing and gets wasted all the time. Look at that group over there," she motioned to four or five of the young high flyers from the office, "they'll pull tonight if they want. They already are fighting off blokes who want to get in their knickers. No one gives me a second look."

Attempting to be gallant I suggested that Carol had more to offer than she realised.

"Look Carol, Annie is right, you have a good job, home, kids and a husband you must love as you wouldn't be together. You are attractive, intelligent and interesting. What's not to like?"

This seemed to do the trick as Carol smiled and gave me a little peck on the cheek with her lips that matched the red of her blouse.

"Thanks mate," she said before draining her Southern Comfort and coke.

The evening progressed and by 9pm we were in an over-crowded bar with a dance floor and more of that deafening music that made small talk difficult. Carol and Annie were quite merry by now with the effects of quite a few drinks kicking in. They'd just had a jaunt around the dance floor and as they came back to where I was standing Carol half stumbled through the throng of moving people and I instinctively put my arms out to steady her.

I managed to stop her falling but her momentum brought her body in to contact with mine and I felt her hands slip behind my back and before I knew it she hand planted her lips on mine and her tongue was in my mouth.

Responding in kind for what felt like an age, my own inhibition worn down by alcohol, I felt an instant and steel like erection which Carol must have felt even through my jeans as she pulled herself closer to me.

Pulling away slightly I noticed Annie looking a little embarrassed. Before I could say anything Carol was kissing me again and her right hand moved from my back, slipped in the small gap between our bodies and brushed against my erection. I thought I was going to come there and then, doubting I had any self control as I found this sudden and unexpected physical contact with someone I had worked with for four years very exciting.

Slightly embarrassed that someone would see Carol rubbing my crotch I took hold of her wrist to stop her. She stopped kissing me and her eyes were questioning.

"It's really busy in here and we can't just ignore Annie," I explained.

Carol nodded her understanding, stepped back from me and grabbed Annie by the wrist and then led her away through the crowds in the direction of the toilets.

Standing alone my head was buzzing. In the dim light of the bar I hoped the bulge in my jeans was not too obvious. I had no idea where any of this was going, but I was relieved that the three of us seemed to have become separated from our colleagues and so my little indiscretion was not readily apparent.

It wasn't long before Carol and Annie reappeared. Carol walked confidently up to me and leaned close to my ear and told me, "Annie has said we can go back to her flat with her. She has a few bottles of wine and her fiancé is away."

"Ok," I responded and we finished our drinks then made our way through the crowded bar and were soon out on the cold, dark street looking for a taxi.

After a short walk we found one and all managed to fit in to the back seat. I sat behind the driver, Carol in the middle and Annie behind the front passenger seat. The driver soon had us out of the city centre and on to the darker, suburban streets. What little street light there was didn't penetrate far in to the back of the taxi and I felt Carols hand on my thigh then resting on the flies of my jeans. I was worried that she was going to free my hard cock and that the driver would see in his mirror or Annie would be offended, but my fears were short lived as she simply rubbed gently and occasionally squeezed me, all the time not looking in my direction but carrying on a conversation with Annie.

As we drove through a more populous area the taxi was periodically lit up and Carol moved her hand away from me. I looked across her to Annie and as the street light fell on her upper body I noticed how her small breast were topped by hard nipples, pressing in to the cotton of her vest in response to the cold air they were subjected to when we left the bar. I couldn't help but wonder what she would look like naked and whilst she was not readily attractive to me, my preconceptions had already been challenged once by Carol's advances and I decided I just didn't know where things were going.

The ride was soon over and the driver pulled up outside a large, old house that had been converted in to flats. I followed Annie and Carol up a short flight of steps that climbed from the street to the front door of Annie's ground-floor flat and she soon had the door open and as she stepped in she said, "I'll open the wine, you two make yourselves at home in the sitting room," and she pointed to a door off the entrance hall as she went a short way down the hall to another door off to the kitchen.

I had just got inside the hall and turned after closing the door when Carol pushed me backwards so my back was against the door and her mouth was again pressed against mine, arms wrapped round my neck.

As we kissed passionately I could feel her large breasts pushing in to my chest and my hands came to rest on her hips. I let my hands slip a little lower down the outside of her thighs and could feel the clips of her garter belt where they met her stocking tops.

Our embrace was broken momentarily as Annie left the kitchen and went in to the living room carrying three glasses and an open bottle of wine. Seconds later she came back out of the living room and asked in her rather immature way if we were having fun and then said she was off to make up the spare bed for Carol.

"Thanks Annie," Carol responded, then turning to me she explained, "I told my hubby I was staying at Annie's tonight as her fiancé is away. I wasn't lying to him."

With that Carol took me in to the living room and we sat next to each other on a large, leather sofa. 

I scanned the room, impressed by its size. A nice wooden floor covered with a large white fur rug in front of a fire place. Two leather sofas and subdued lighting, not much more than a flicker.

The wine stood on a small table and Carol poured three glasses. I could hear noises from the spare bedroom as Annie was making up the guest bed.

I reached over and took one of the glasses of wine from the small table and as I sat back Carol leaned fowards, sliding her bottom away from me, and ended up with her head in my lap. Before I knew what was happening she had my zip down and deftly freed my erect penis from my boxer shorts.

"What if Annie comes back in?" I hissed in a distressed whisper.

"Oh, just relax," Carol replied before slipping her red lips over the head of my shaft which she had just uncovered by sliding my foreskin back.

As her tongue flicked across the top of my penis she very gently began to let her hand slide up and down my shaft at the same time and the combination of feelings made me twitch so hard that I thought I was going to shove my entire length down her throat and make her gag. However, she just calmly used her free left hand to push me back in to the sofa and I tried to relax, one eye on the doorway waiting for the re-appearance of Annie.

I looked down at the top of Carol's mop of red hair as she started to take me deeper and deeper in to her mouth and throat at the same time as masturbating me with more vigour. My eyes began to close as I was fighting the urge to just shoot in to her mouth when suddenly Annie appeared at the doorway.

Instinctively I took hold of each side of Carol's head and pulled her off my cock then I tried to cover my embarrassment at being exposed in front of Annie.

Carol sat up, giggling and then she took the two remaining wine glasses and offered one to Annie, patting the sofa beside her and inviting Annie to sit down.

By this time I had managed to shove my cock back in to my boxers and half zip up my jeans. Ignoring my discomfort Carol spoke to Annie, "Have you ever been unfaithful to your fiancé? Have you even been with anyone else but him?"

"No," Annie answered nervously and then asked, "don't you care about your husband? Aren't you afraid he will find out?"

"I'm sure you won't tell him Annie and I won't tell him, so how would he find out? Besides, I wouldn't tell your fiancé about you if you strayed off the straight and narrow," Carol replied.

I shifted uneasily, and not for the first time I wondered where this would end up. Annie looked a little embarrassed and bit her bottom lip which I had noticed in the past was a sign of uncertainty with her.

"We can move to the guest room if you are uncomfortable with us fooling about here Annie," Carol offered, also noticing Annie's uncertainty.

Annie took a long swig from her wine glass and answered, "No, no, it's okay. You looked quite comfortable in here. It doesn't bother me. I'll go and tidy the kitchen."

With that Annie got up and left the room and Carol turned back to me, taking my glass and putting it down with her own she purred, "Now, where were we?"

Again she undid my partially closed zip and pulled my still erect cock out. She then stood up in front of me and slowly hoisted up her black skirt, sliding it up her hips, exposing first her stocking tops and then higher still until it sat ruffled around her waste and I could see her red suspender belt and matching red lace knickers.

Holding her skirt up with her left hand Carol used her right hand to slowly part the spilt in her knickers, exposing a large pair of lips and a pussy devoid of hair. 

"Slide forward a little," she ordered, "I want to ride you."

I obeyed, letting my bottom slide towards the edge of the sofa. Carol then straddled me and ensuring her split-crotch knickers were open, she guided my cock straight in to her moist vagina, sliding all the way down and then just stopping.

The sensation of her warm, wet hole was heightened by the fact that I was inside someone who I had worked with and seen every day but could never have dreamed of fucking.

Slowly she began to rise gently back up my shaft, using her thighs to lift gently, almost all the way up before pausing and then slowly sliding back down until I was again fully embedded in her pussy.

Repeating the action a little quicker, Carol began to build up a rhythm, not too fast, but very deliberate, coming down forcefully at the end of her downward stroke so that my foreskin was forced right back. This made the tip of my penis feel extra sensitive and I guess it was contacting somewhere close to her G-spot.

As she rode up and down her hands slowly wandered to the top of her skirt and she pulled out her blouse which was still tucked in to the ruffled skirt top. Still concentrating on maintaining her deliberate rhythm she unbuttoned the blouse from the bottom up, letting it fall open when she had completed the task.

I could now see her large breasts, cupped in a red push-up bra, swaying to match the repetitive rhythm as she continued to ride me. My instinct was to focus on these and as I watched them my glance shot past Carol's shoulder and I noticed Annie, half hidden by the door to the room which was ajar, watching us fuck.

I re-focused my attention on Carol's chest as she pulled the bottom of her bra upwards to free her tits and I could now see her large, deep pink nipples, which became erect as she tweaked each of them in turn and then continued to play with them as she rode me towards a climax.

As my resistance broke down I felt the need to warn Carol, "I'm going to come," in a fit of uncertainty about birth control which was probably ridiculous given how far we'd got.

To my surprise Carol slowed her rhythm and came to a halt and then gently lifted off me, disengaging my swollen shaft from her now very moist pussy.

"Save it if you can," she suggested as she stood and unbuttoned her skirt which she then let fall to the floor before stepping out of it. Her pants then followed and I could now see her lovely, clean vagina in full.

Having removed her skirt and knickers she then sat beside me and slid forward so her bottom was near the edge of the sofa and she was half laying back so her head was touching the sofa back. Opening her legs she let her hands go to her pussy, opening her lips with fore and middle fingers of her left hand she entered herself with the same two fingers from her right hand and gently began to masturbate. After a few seconds she removed her fingers which she then licked before returning them to her pussy to masturbate a little more.

I left the sofa and knelt between Carol's open legs to get a better view. She withdrew her fingers again but this time offered them to me. I took the tips in my mouth and could taste the musty moisture from her now soaking pussy.

As my nostrils flared at the scent I gently pushed Carol's right hand to one side and leaned forward so my head moved between her thighs and my tongue touched the top of her open lips. I licked and pushed forward and as I did this she re-arranged her hold on her pussy so she was using two fingers from each hand to pull her lips apart.

This made it easier for me to get my tongue in and I connected with her clit which responded quickly to my attentions.

I heard Carol sigh and she sunk a little deeper in to the sofa, opening her thighs wider and pulling her lips wider apart, forcing her groin upwards so my probing efforts would go a little deeper in to her.

As I licked and nibbled away I had forgot about Annie watching at the door until Carol spoke and said, "Why don't you come and sit over here so you can get a better view Annie?"

To my surprise Annie didn't need any further encouragement and glancing sideways from between Carol's legs I could see Annie sitting down to Carol's left.

"Does your fiancé do this to you Annie?" Carol asked.

Annie swallowed before she answered, "No. He doesn't go in for this and says it's sick."

"It's not sick. It's just part of love making, and a very pleasurable part. Such an intimate act shows the conviction of your lover's dedication to pleasure you," Carol explained.

"What does it feel like?" Annie asked.

Carol was now beginning to pant gently as she neared orgasm and between breaths she murmured, "Damn goooood!"

I could feel her begin to tense and I concentrated all my efforts on her clit which I pressed hard with my tongue as I licked it in short strokes. As I did this I slipped two fingers into her pussy and turned my palm to face me so my finger tips could probe upwards until I found my target and could rhythmically press her G-spot.

The combination of my efforts caused Carol to clamp her thighs on to my head and she began to buck wildly as her climax came and her juices flowed and she let out a stifled scream of relief before relaxing her grip on my head.

Regaining her breath she then turned to Annie, "Do you want to try it? I am sure Jon will oblige if we ask him nicely. What do you say Jon?"

I could have fell on the floor with shock that Carol would suggest such a thing to Annie and was even more taken aback to hear Annie's reply. I had never had sex with a married woman before and never with anyone I worked with. Carol was a first, but the possibility of two in one night was also new ground for me.
