 Johnny wasn't really a boy, we were just friends. So when my parents issued the ultimatum "No boys!" before leaving for the long weekend, I assured myself they didn't mean Johnny. Around 9 the night they left, Johnny knocked on the door. I was surprised, when I opened it, to find two guys standing in front of me.

"Hey," Johnny said, "you mind if Jeromy hangs out with us for a few hours?" I grinned. Jeromy was this huge cutie who I went to school with. Since junior year, I've had a big crush on him, but I never really talked to him. I mean, though I had never had a class with him, I'd always see him in the hall and my heart would start beating faster and I'd give him a huge smile, but that was the extent of our relationship. I don't think he even knew I could talk...he probably just thought I was a smiling mute. Anyway, needless to say I let Jeromy in.

"You guys want something to drink?" I asked. They both nodded and I got us some wine, which we all drank sitting on a big comfy couch in my living room. We had probably been there about an hour, drinking wine, listening to music, and telling jokes, before Jeromy accidentally knocked a bottle of wine over on my new white blouse.

"God damn it!" I yelled, jumping out of my chair.

"I'm really sorry--" Jeromy stammered. A little pissed, I went upstairs to my room to change. When I pulled off my shirt, I was still soaked, so I yelled downstairs that I was going to take a shower. Twenty minutes later, I toweled myself off and pulled on a white tank top and jeans. As I walked back into the room, I almost fell over. Johnny and Jeromy were kissing! They must have heard me come in, because they both turned and looked at me. There was an uncomfortable silence.

"Um--" I began.

"Uh--" said Johnny.

"I should go," said Jeromy.

"Yeah, me too," said Johnny. "Sorry...I...we...yeah." They both got up to leave.

"Wait!" I said. "I mean, uh, it's no problem. Sit down." They reluctantly sat back on the couch. I took a chair a few feet away from them. Nobody said anything. I poured us all more wine. After a while of stony silence, I felt slightly more comfortable and tried to talk.

"So, are you gay?" I asked. I like to think I'd have been a bit more tactful if I hadn't been drinking wine all night.

"No," answered Johnny immediately.

"Not really," answered Jeromy at the same time.

"Well then, I mean, why...?"

"Well, we were, uh, talking about girls and stuff..." stuttered Jeromy.

"And, one thing sort of let to another," said Johnny.

"And, I mean, I just wanted to see what it was like," Jeromy finished awkwardly.

"Me, too."

Uncomfortable silence.

"I, uh, like girls," said Johnny.

"Oh, yeah, me too," Jeromy agreed hurriedly.

More uncomfortable silence.

"I guess I just, uh, was curious..." said Johnny. Jeromy nodded his agreement. "I mean, I've had, like, fantasies and stuff, I've been sorta curious...but, I mean, about girls, too. I'm not gay or anything. Just, um, curious...curious."

"What kinda fantasies?" I asked. My interest was piqued and I was a bit tipsy...I couldn't help but ask. Johnny blushed bright, bright, red.

"Well, just, y'know, fantasies..." he trailed off. Jeromy looked uncomfortable and curious at the same time.

"Like what?" I asked.

"Well, like...okay, just, y'know...I have some guy in my car, or something...and, like, he brushes my thigh with his hand...and then I, like, touch his cock through his pants, so he puts his hand in my pants...and starts stroking my cock...and then I unzip him and start sucking it while he jacks me off, and, uh..." he was even redder now, and suddenly lost his nerve. "Nevermind."

There was more uncomfortable silence. I noticed a big bulge in Johnny's pants, and Jeromy's too. I had to admit, I was sort of turned on by the idea of two guys touching each other.

"Do YOU ever fantasize about, like, guys?" I asked Jeromy. He hesitated, then started to look a little bold.

"Yeah," he said. "I fantasize about Johnny all the time." As he said that, he reached over and grabbed Johnny's clearly-outlined cock through his pants. I didn't know if Johnny would faint or burst out of his pants first. I had to admit, my pussy was starting to get a little moist. Without saying a word, Jeromy started to unzip Johnny's pants. Johnny raised a hand as if to stop him, then dropped it again and just stared as Jeromy pulled his boxers down so his cock became visible. Protruding from a big bush with throbbing balls was a good-sized rod, probably six or seven thick inches. Johnny gasped as Jeromy reached down and started playing with his balls. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. Then Jeromy used his other hand to slowly start massaging Johnny's head. Johnny gasped again, then dropped his head back and stared at the ceiling, breathing heavily. Jeromy wrapped his whole hand around Johnny's cock and looked straight into my eyes as he started moving it up and down, still massaging Johnny's balls. Soon his hand was pumping up and down as fast as it could as Johnny moaned loudly, and Jeromy never broke his gaze with me. After a moment's consideration, I unzipped my jeans and began to rub my clit through my panties. It was just too hot, I couldn't watch them and not masturbate.

"Oh...f...fuck," said Johnny as his whole body went tense. He was motionless for a fraction of a second, eyes squeezed tightly shut, before his cock quivered in Jeromy's hand and squirted out a long spurt of come. It squirted three more times before Johnny started to relax, come oozing out of the tip of his cock.

"Jesus," moaned Johnny. "That was incredible." He looked at me with a guiltily as if he had just noticed I was still in the room and expected me to yell at him for what had just happened.

"Wow...that was really hot to watch," I said, breathing a little heavily while I played with my clit. Jeromy grinned at me. I could tell he enjoyed being watched.

"I'm going to go get some paper towels..." he said; they had made quite a mess on my couch and their clothes. I kept masturbating, staring at Johnny's exposed cock, which was still hard. I knew he enjoyed watching it. Jeromy came back and wiped everything up, managing to get most of it off of my couch. He tossed the paper towels into a trash can, then sat down. Johnny leaned over and kissed him, long and hard.

"Can I do you now?" he half-whispered shyly, and Jeromy nodded and unzipped his pants, revealing briefs and a small bulge. Johnny pulled them down to find a healthy cock. He immediately leaned over and licked up a drop of precome with the tip of his tongue, then swirled his tongue around on Jeromy's head. Jeromy groaned. Still caressing the tip of the cock with his tongue, Johnny, reached with both hands and began lightly squeezing Jeromy's balls, one then the other. He kept squeezing while he slowly worked half of Jeromy's cock into his mouth. I couldn't take it any more. I got up and knelt on the floor next to the couch they were on, and reached out and touched Johnny's cock. He kept teasing Jeromy's dick, but his cock tensed and I knew I was welcome. I had never touched a cock before...actually, I had never even seen one this close. It fascinated me. Two dangling balls and dark, coarse hair surrounded the base of his thick penis, a solid rod which tapered slightly and then blossomed into a smooth, velvety head. I wrapped my thumb and two fingers around it, just below the head. It was hot and hard. Squeezing slightly, I pulled my hand slowly all the way down until I was at the base, then equally slowly pulled it back up. A moan from somewhere between Jeromy's legs told me he liked it. Encouraged, I slowly picked up speed. While I was jacking him off, a shiny drop of precome formed on the very tip of his dick, so I used the index finger on my other hand to rub it around his smooth head. I brought my finger to my lips, and the salty taste drove me wild. I intensified my strokes on his dick.

"Ohhhhhhhh SHIT" I suddenly heard Jeromy grunting. "Mmm...yeah...oh...fuck......umm...umm...oooooooooooooh!" I looked up and watched him convulse on the couch while he sprayed hot come directly down Johnny's throat. Johnny's cheeks sucked in and out as he tried to swallow every single drop. My pussy was on fire watching the two of them. Finally Jeromy's cries subsided and Johnny slid his lips off of Jeromy's prick. Without swallowing, he pulled me to him and kissed me, with Jeromy's come still in his mouth. It was bizarre, but a turn-on. I moaned and pressed my body against his, letting the sticky come flow freely between our mouths. I had never tasted anything like it, and I wanted more. I sucked on Johnny's tongue greedily.

"Fuck, man," Jeromy finally interrupted. "Where'd you learn to give head like that?" Johnny just grinned at him.

"Can I eat you out?" Jeromy suddenly asked me. I hesitated for a moment, but I needed an orgasm, bad, so I let go of Johnny and nodded wordlessly. I scrambled out of my jeans and panties, then got up on the couch and rested my head on the arm, draping one leg over the back of the couch and one leg off the side. Johnny got up and sat in a chair to watch, letting us have the whole couch. I closed my eyes. An eternity passed...probably as long as two whole seconds...and then I felt the tip of Jeromy's tongue on my wet slit. A shiver ran up and down my spine. I could feel his lips and tongue all over my pussy as he licked me like a cat. As turned on as I was, it wasn't long before I was bucking my hips against his mouth and groaning, eyes squeezed shut with pleasure. After a few minutes, my hand drifted up and began massaging a hard nipple. Seconds later I felt a larger hand cover my own. I opened my eyes and saw Johnny. When I smiled my permission he pulled my shirt over my head, then removed my bra and began teasing my nipples with his tongue. Lying on my couch naked, being licked all over, feeling so many sensations at once I could barely process them all, it was only a few minutes before I arched my back, lifted my tits nearly a foot off the couch, and came screaming for more.

I didn't move for a few minutes as I caught my breath. Finally I looked down my body at Jeromy.

"Do you have condoms?" I asked. He nodded and pulled out three, setting them on the coffee table. I grinned mischeviously and spread my legs again. "Will you fuck me first, Jeromy?" I asked. Both boys stripped--God, what bodies!--and a grinning Jeromy rolled on one of the condoms. Then he lay down on top of me, missionary position, and slowly pushed his cock into my pussy. As he slid in, my pussy contracted to pull him in and hold him. I had lost my virginity to my ex-boyfriend six months ago, but he had a tiny prick and I had never felt anything so large inside me. I gave a sigh and stared up into his eyes as he entered me...he felt immense.

After a moment, he began moving quickly in and out with wet slapping sounds. My entire body began to tingle while we fucked. Jeromy closed his eyes and began to let out soft grunts every time he pushed his cock into me. After nearly ten minutes, I closed my own eyes and began to moan. He felt so good inside me. He was so sexy. Fucking gorgeous. I loved him in my pussy. It was so good, so good...

Just as I was really getting into it, Jeromy slid all the way in and stopped moving, just shook a little and let out a long, slow groan. Then he collapsed on me, landing with his cheek on mine.

"That was so fucking good," he whispered in my ear, then got off of me. Not yet done, I looked to Johnny who was furiously jacking off.

"Your turn, sweety," I called, grinning. His hand gave three more pumps before he smiled back and came toward me. I stood up and met him halfway to the couch, and reached out to to touch his chest. I rubbed his torso with my palms, feeling the heat radiating off of him.

"Lie down," I commanded, and he lay on the couch, rock-hard cock sticking straight up. I rolled on a condom and then straddled him, letting his cock stick straight up into my pussy. Immediately I began bouncing up and down. In just a few minutes Johnny closed his eyes and grunted "Oh...fuck...ohh..." as he came. I was so close, I kept riding, and in another ten seconds I froze as my pussy went insane and I screamed in ecstasy. Finally I opened my eyes, which I hadn't even noticed closing, then laid down on top of him. He slid his arms around my waist and I cuddled up to him. I was exhausted.

"My parents won't be home until Tuesday," I said. Jeromy chuckled and Johnny kissed my cheek. Tomorrow was another day...