 This is fantasy of mine. I don't do this in real life. I appreciate any public or private comments or feedback.

*****

My husband and I got out of our car and walked in silence the short block to the townhouse we'd never visited before. It was about 7:30 on this fall night. The air was cool and crisp. I nervously fiddled with my purse as we walked.

The conversation that started it all took place about three months ago. One evening my husband, Chris, and I were lying in bed after making love. We lay on our sides facing each other, his hand tickling the soft skin of my neck. We were playfully flattering each other about how much we enjoyed what just took place and how good the other person was at giving pleasure. Then all of a sudden he blurted out "Do you ever miss being with women?"

Now this isn't as random a question as you might think. Before we decided to marry we discussed with each other our significant, previous relationships. Chris told me he had slept with three other women before me, and I related that I'd been with two men before him. Neither of us were shocked that we weren't the other's first, as we never professed to be completely chaste. But Chris was quite shocked when I told him that back in college I had had relationships with two girls. I told him it was just a phase I had gone through, and he asked many questions that day, but we didn't discuss it further. While I hadn't believed he'd forgotten about the conversation, I'd assumed he'd decided to let the subject die.

This is why the question took my by surprise. I was a little flustered and my immediate response was a lie. "I thought you'd forgotten about that," I said.

"How could I forget?" Chris responded rhetorically.

I decided I'd better be honest. "Well, I sometimes think about it." I hastily added, "But not like, you know, all the time." I smiled nervously as his hand moved from my neck down to my exposed hip. He propped himself up on one elbow and rested his head on his hand.

"Well, you know if you're interested in still trying any of that...," he began. My eyes went wide in shock. I had to admit the thought had occurred to me from time to time, but I would never do anything behind Chris' back. And the fact he had never brought the subject up said to me he wasn't that intrigued by it. He seemed satisfied with our love life; I certainly was. Even after the birth of our first child almost a year ago, Chris seemed as interested as ever in me and my body. I'm a little self-conscious about the changes that took place in my shape with the pregnancy, but he didn't seem to mind. He even said it aroused him. And on the subject of another woman in our life, even if he did consent to it, I wasn't so sure I wanted to start something like that. Once you do it, you can't take it back. It could change our marriage forever in ways we could never foresee.

This had been the way I'd looked at things up until that night. However, as Chris explained his thoughts to me that evening I began to rethink my earlier positions. He told me he'd be interested in seeking out another woman to share in our lovemaking only if I was. For some reason I didn't want to seem over-eager. Perhaps in the back of my mind I was thinking that there had to be some downside for me if he was this interested in it. Was there an ulterior motive? I know that's a horrible thing to think about when pondering an offer made by one's spouse, but I've known many men and even the most loving and trusting sometimes don't always have your best interest in mind. We decided to sleep on it and discuss it later.

After a couple days of pondering, we came to an agreement that we would pursue my husband's idea with one ground rule. If either of us, at any point, decided that this wasn't what we wanted we would stop and the other person would accept that decision as final.

Overcoming the hurdle of making a decision wasn't the hard part though. While one reads about swingers and threesomes in magazines and on the internet, the number of single women willing to engage in this type of activity, we realized, wasn't exactly a large universe. We couldn't think of a single woman we knew who we would dare approach. So we turned to the anonymity of the internet. We found numerous websites advertising local hook-ups for swingers, but in the end there was a lot of false advertising. The few women that we did find on these sites that lived nearby weren't exactly what we wanted either. I'm not that picky, but I wasn't about to let just anyone into our bedroom.

After a few weeks of failed attempts, I tentatively suggested we might have better luck looking for other couples. At first, Chris was put off. He said he was absolutely not interested in getting in bed with "some other dude", as he put it. I was greatly relieved. I have to admit the idea of my husband getting it on with another guy wasn't arousing in the least bit. I suggested to Chris that we could always find a couple that was of the same mind and that most of the "sharing" would take place between me and the other wife. I wasn't sure I would like the idea of being with another man anyway. He still wasn't sure, but I convinced him that he would never have to engage in anything the least bit sexual with another man. I also reassured him I wouldn't want to get physical with another man, only the man's wife. 

We left it at that and submitted our names and criteria to one of the websites to see what type of response we'd get back from couples that lived nearby. A couple days later we received an email from Sam and Carey. They lived just over the river in the city. They were in their early thirties and married like us. They sent us a picture of themselves and we did the same. Sam and Carey seemed like a completely normal couple from their picture and emails - the type of couple we might see at our local grocery store or in the park. They didn't seem like freaks. They were kind of like us. Sam and Carey told us they were interested in meeting us and that they had met another couple online that had similar interests. After a few emails back and forth to make sure we were both on the same page we agreed to meet them and the other couple out for drinks to determine if anything beyond that was possible.

********************

The next weekend, Chris and I arrived at the selected wine bar to see that Sam and Carey were already there. They were seated in a secluded corner of the establishment at a short coffee table surrounded by two plush love seats up against the dark-paneled walls and two overstuffed chairs. As we walked towards them my mouth went dry and my fingers nervously fidgeted with the material of my skirt. Soft piano music played in the background. Our new acquaintances stood and greeted us. Carey was all smiles. I tried not to give away my nervousness, but felt for sure my hand was cold as she took it. "Hi Carey, I'm Erica, it's so good to meet you," I heard myself say.

I turned to greet Sam; his eyes met mine and I felt myself blush. He was quite handsome in person. We shook hands, and Chris and I took a seat on the other couch. As we exchanges pleasantries, it seemed to me the other three were a lot less nervous than I. As Carey started to tell us a little about the other married couple that would be joining us I looked over our new acquaintances sitting across from us. Sam had dark brown hair cut short, strong brown eyes, and was of average build - not thin, but not over weight either. He made eye contact with me while his wife spoke. I felt myself blushing again and turned to Carey. She was a perky girl, with a slight Southern accent. She was quick to smile as she talked, a trait that was immediately disarming. Her light brown hair fell down past her shoulders and her blue-gray eyes looked out through black-rimmed eye glasses. Her figure, like her husband's, was well proportioned. While it wasn't easy to determine while she was sitting down, it looked she was pretty curvy were it counted, certainly not petite.

As we chatted, a server came by to take our drink order. Carey explained how they had met John and Olivia, the other couple, in the same way they had met us. This would be their first, in-person meeting as well.

John and Olivia arrived just as our drinks did. I was a little taken aback. If Sam and Carey were the epitome of "the average neighbor", John and Olivia were definitely a "head turning" couple. I was a little flattered that they would consider us as potential lovers.

After greetings and introductions were exchanged they sat in the two empty seats. John and Olivia appeared a little younger than us and Sam and Carey, possibly late-20s rather than early-30s. They were both much trendier dressers than us as well. John was tall, with dark, short hair, and looked to be in fit condition. He wore black slacks and shoes with a blue dress shirt that hugged his chest. Olivia was striking in a cosmopolitan sort of way. She, too, was tall, with straight, dark brown hair falling down to her shoulders. Her white blouse fit snugly on her slim frame and contrasted nicely with her knee-length black skirt and bronze skin. Tall black boots nearly touched the hem of her skirt.

The conversation flowed freely. As I sipped chardonnay I felt my nervousness ebb. I'm not sure whether it was the alcohol or the friendly banter but I became more and more comfortable with these people as the evening went on. They didn't appear to be judging my appearance, which was a big worry - you don't know how much I stressed about what to wear. We learned a little more about each other such as jobs, how we all met our spouses, and how long we'd all lived in the area. We determined that Chris and I were the only couple with a child.

At one point I excused myself to go to the ladies' room. "I'll join you," said Olivia. "Come with us Carey," she added.

In the restroom, I entered a stall while Olivia and Carey, who I guess didn't need to go, primped in the mirror. "I love your boots," I heard Carey say to Olivia.

"Oh, thanks," she replied. "I got them for a steal."

As I exited the stall and approached the mirror, Carey said with raised eyebrows and a slight smile on her face, "So what do you two think so far?"

"I'm enjoying myself," I said tentatively.

"All I can say," replied Olivia, "is that your husbands are cuuuute! If you don't mind me saying."

We giggled and laughed in response. "Don't mind at all," I giggled.

"Yours is doable too," said Carey with a wink to Olivia.

"And such a great bum too," I added.

"He does, that," responded Olivia as she ran a hand through her hair. "It's one of his best features, as I'm sure you'll find out. Although, there is another one..."

"Oh reeeaally?" cooed Carey.

"Well, if this goes any further we'll have to compare notes," I said with a grin.

"And don't overlook Carey's ass either," quipped Olivia with a long, intentional look down at Carey's rear. "I think it would put John's to shame."

Carey laughed. "Come now...I've got nothing on Erica here."

"We'll just have to find out," said Olivia.

"Does this mean we're all in?" asked Carey.

"Well, we still have to convince the guys," I said as I straightened my shirt.

"That won't be hard, they'll do what we say," Olivia joked. "Ready gals?" We smiled at each other as we finished up in front of the mirrors and returned to our table.

After about two and a half hours at the wine bar we went our separate ways agreeing to touch base on email later that week. In the car, Chris and I conferred. I told him the women were sold on the idea of the three couples getting together again. I asked him what the guys had discussed while we were in the bathroom. "Oh, we talked about where we lived, our jobs, you know, stuff like that."

"Did you discuss the whole swapping thing?" I asked somewhat incredulous that they hadn't brought it up.

"No way," he said. "I wasn't going to bring that up."

"But that's what we were there to determine," I said in frustration.

"Here's how it is," he said. "I'm all for it and I'm sure the other guys are too. Didn't you notice them checking you and the other girls out? But we're never going to admit that to each other. No guy is going to tell another guy he wants to hook up with his wife. Implicit in that is he's going to get naked with the other guy. No dude is even going to put that thought out there."

"You guys are soooo sensitive," I joshed. I shook my head. "I hadn't thought about it like that though."

"So it has to look like we're being pulled into this by our wives and we're just along for the ride," he explained.

"I get it," I replied laughing. "I need to make sure you don't come across as too eager to get it on with some guy."

"Whatever!" he laughed. "That's not the part I'm eager about at all!"

As we parked our car and walked to our house I asked with a twinkle in my eye, "So which part are you eager about?"

I actually saw Chris blush. "I'll tell you later."

We paid the babysitter and saw her off. Our ten-month-old daughter, Samantha, was asleep upstairs in her nursery. I checked in on her for a minute to see how she was sleeping and then joined Chris in our bedroom.

He had begun undressing. I came up behind him and wrapping my arms around his bare chest, nuzzling my face against his neck, smelling his strong, masculine scent. "So, what part of our adventure are you looking forward to?" I asked playfully.

"Oh...I don't know," Chris toyed with me.

"So which one would you rather be with?" I asked egging him on.

"Well, it's not that easy."

I laughed, "So you want them both."

"Well...of course, they are both pretty attractive, in different ways. Carey is more like the girl-next-door type. Olivia has that knock-out figure and classic looks."

My hands moved down his chest to his waist. I pressed my hand between his legs and felt his bulge pressing against the material of his pants. "They turn you on, don't they," I prodded him.

"Do Sam and John turn you on?" He turned to face me, my hand still pressing and rubbing his crotch.

"Not as much as what I've got in my hand right now," I replied. He smiled. "But yeah, they're definitely hotties. They certainly don't turn me off to the idea of sharing. And Olivia and Carey aren't half bad either."

Chris smiled down at me again, desire in his eyes. I felt his hands move up under my shirt, running over the soft skin of my stomach. "Oh yeah? Do they do it for you too?"

"Mmm...yeah," I responded and my tongue touched my upper lip. He pressed his mouth to mine in a deep kiss.

"This whole evening has been such a turn on," my husband whispered as he kissed me.

"I know what you mean sweetie," I replied. Our kisses turned more passionate as his hands pushed my shirt up over my head and mine fiddled with his belt buckle. I quickly unclasped my bra, letting my breasts fall free. Chris immediately took them in his hands massaging them and tweaking my nipples. I moaned, pushed his pants down his thighs and grasped his hard shaft through his undershorts.

Our love making was quick and passionate. I wanted it that way. As I lay on the edge of the bed, my legs spread wide, Chris standing on the floor pounding into my sex with his hard cock, I fantasized about Carey, or perhaps Olivia, looking on and joining in some way. Chris and I both came hard within moments of each other. After it was over, he collapsed on top of me, my legs wrapped around his waist.

"Oh God baby, that was good," I sighed. "Do you know what I was thinking of?" I asked. Chris said no so I told him. "As you were fucking me I imagined Carey and Olivia's mouths on my breasts. What about you?" He just smiled.

********************

So that is how we found ourselves, this evening, in front of Sam and Carey's townhouse in the Capitol Hill neighborhood. "Nervous?" I asked.

"A little," he said.

"Remember, we can always back out," I reminded him.

"Too late for that." He knocked.

Carey opened it and welcomed us in with a big grin and hugs. I felt her hand linger a little longer than normal on my hip and her bright eyes locked on mine for an extra beat. I'm sure I blushed again. Sam greeted us as well, me with a hug and Chris with a handshake. He offered to get as drinks as Carey showed us into their living room. It was furnished casually, a couple mismatched couches and some chairs grouped in a U-shape facing a television set. The three of us sat down while Sam worked on the drinks.

I had decided to dress up a little for the occasion. I was wearing a black skirt and light blue blouse. Chris calls it my "Pam" outfit, as in the character from The Office. As we sat, I worried that I had overdressed; Carey wore dark jeans and a loose fitting top. I wondered what was underneath. I had taken care in picking out my bra and underwear. I wasn't one hundred percent sure anyone would see them tonight, but it was better to assume that would be the case. I had chosen one of my favorites, a matching pale blue bra and bikini pantie set.

John and Olivia put me at ease when they arrived. Olivia looked stunning again. She wore tall boots, dark brown this time, with another knee-length skirt and a body-hugging, dark, long-sleeved tee-shirt. I was clearly not overdressed. John gave me a warm hug; his strong arms felt good on my body. Olivia embraced me with a hug and a quick kiss on the cheek. Her finger tips touched mine as we separated sending a nice shiver down my spine.

Sam returned with the drinks, a gin and tonic for me, a beer for Chris and a vodka and tonic for Carey. John and Olivia sat on couch opposite Chris and me. A new bout of nervousness swept over me, but it receded as the gin and friendly conversation took over. Sam returned with drinks for the others and took a chair next to his wife. As we sipped our drinks the conversation revolved around how we each had gotten the idea of "swapping". Sam and Carey told us they had done it before with another couple, but the couple had moved away. Like us, they didn't know anyone who would be into the idea so they turned to the internet.

John and Olivia were in a similar situation as us; they had never opened their marriage to other partners; however, neither of them had ever been with someone of the same sex before marriage. "This is going to be a whole new experience on many levels," said Olivia grinning as she looked from Carey to me.

"Just as long as you don't get to like it too much, honey," responded John with a wink as he placed his hand on his wife's thigh. We all laughed at that. Chris laid his hand on my back. I smiled at him in response and wiggled in my seat. 

The evening progressed like that. We exchanged friendly, somewhat sexually suggestive banter as we started on our second round of drinks. It was then that Carey got the ball rolling.

"So if y'all are okay with it, this is something I thought we'd try. It's a little game we have," she said with grin. "Something to break the ice and get things going. Are y'all okay with that?"

"Sounds good to me," said Chris. We all agreed.

Carey explained that the game involved a deck of cards, each with a different instruction on it. "When it's your turn, you draw a card and do whatever the card tells you to do. Since this is our first time together we've removed a lot of the more explicit cards to keep things a little more comfortable for people," she explained.

"Oh, boooooo," joked Olivia.

"We want to keep it comfortable for everyone involved," added Sam.

"Maybe if y'all like it we can add the other cards back in," Carey responded with a smile. "Before we start, who needs another drink?"

The game began with cards that asked us to reveal to the group things like what our first sexual experience was or which celebrity we'd most like to join in bed. We all got a good laugh and a few embarrassments. The pressure got turned up a little when Olivia drew a card asking her to tell the group who, other than her spouse, she'd most like to make out with in the group.
