 Janet sat quietly unsure of what Linda had in store for her. She had no idea how long she sat there. She must have been really tired and the warmth of the fire and having just been bathed was incentive enough to fall asleep. Janet dreamt she was a cat and was lying besides the fire warming herself and licking herself clean.

That was the sensation that she found herself waking to. She was no longer in the chair but stretched out on the fur rug with her arms now being held down above her. She assumed that each arm was bound by two large sets of hands and the same was done to her feet keeping her feet apart and her legs spread. 

There she lay like a human x and these hands and several other pairs of hands, some were masculine and some were softer and feminine, along with several hot tongues were touching every part of her body. There were two people taking turns kissing her mouth softly, sucking her lips and tonguing the inside of her mouth slow and deep. She could feel mouths on both of her breast, her arm pits, on her stomach dueling in and around her navel; she felt a tongue on her clit and one sliding in and out of her pussy and around her asshole, and some one was sucking on her fingers and toes. One of the toe suckers lifted her leg and began licking and nibbling the back of her calf and the back of her knee.

Her mind was reeling. She was being licked and sucked like she was some human dessert. She could not see anyone because of the blind fold. The sensory deprivation and stimulation overload taking place all over her body had her starting to shake uncontrollably. She screamed with orgasm over and over and over again. Then suddenly as they appeared the hands and mouths were gone. She lay there with her skin cool and wet but being warmed quickly by the fire. 

Linda appeared at her ear and whispered, "How does it feel to be the desire of so many? How does it feel to have so many people worship your body everywhere and in every way? Let me see you give as good as you have gotten." 

With that she removed the blind fold and Janet was surrounded in a circle by beautiful men and women. They all lay on their backs with their legs spread and their cocks and pussies facing her. There were big black cocks, thick and juicy caramel-colored cocks, thick white cocks, and several shaven pussies and in the middle all around her were toys, lubes, gels, paddles and food items.

"Tonight in this moment you will be master and not the slave. You get to command the members of my harem. Fuck them or be fucked by them in any manner that you choose. Stop being a victim and take charge of the pleasure you've denied yourself and the pleasure you've denied others. They will call you Mistress and obey your every wish or desire. You will always submit to me however or you will not be allowed to participate in this type of pleasure with me again." With that she sat in Janet's vacant winged back chair and watched her take charge.

Janet went straight for the biggest blackest cock in the circle. The 10" monster belonged to Dewayne. She took the bottle of chocolate syrup and poured the warm liquid over his cock and balls and even down the crack of his ass.

"Hold your knees to your chest but keep them to the sides." Janet told him.

She began at his asshole and licked from around his puckered hole. She stuck her tongue inside of him the way Linda had done to her earlier and she was rewarded with loud moans and panting gasps. "Oh Mistress! Shit! Mmmm! Mistress it feels so damn good!" 

She licked the chocolate from his clean shaven balls and licked his shaft as if it were the worlds best ice cream cone. He came from just the slow and sensuous licking. She cleaned his cock free of cum with her hot mouth and moved on to the next person in the circle.

A beautiful Polynesian woman lay there with her pussy glistening in the fire light and her clit protruding from beneath her pussy lips. Linda asked her name and she said it was Mai.

"Mai I want you on your hands and knees facing away from me."

Mai did as she was told and her shapely heart-shaped ass was up and her knees held apart wide. Her beautiful long black waist length hair spilled over her shoulder and onto the floor. Mai's full breast swung slightly as her large one inch nipples brushed the fur rug.

Janet began licking that beautiful glistening pussy from the back. She stuck her tongue out as far as she could and she tongue-fucked Mai's juicy hole. Mai moaned and hissed "Yesss! That feels so good Mistress!"

Janet eased a lubed thumb into Mai's ass and this caused her to buck back onto to her tongue forcing it deeper. Janet slurped and sucked the juice out of Mai's pussy when she came. Loved the taste of her and made a mental note to come back to her later.

Janet saw a hot Italian looking guy and caramel brown Latin guy next in the line. She had a wicked thought and laughed to herself. "You two get into a sixty-nine with each other. I want to watch you studs suck each other off."

The two men got into position and started licking and sucking one another's cocks. The Latin guy named Rico deep-throated Jake's 8" cock. He squeezed the shaft tight and worked on the head of Jake's cock drawing out the pre-cum from his piss hole with his tongue. Jake, who was on the bottom, opened his mouth wide for Rico very thick 6" cock. The girth of him was three fingers wide and Jake open as wide as he could trying to get all of him into his mouth. He kneaded Rico's ass trying to force more of him down his throat. Their action and moans were driving Janet crazy with lust.

"Stop both of you and get on your hands and knees!"

They did so with their cocks throbbing and in need of release. Janet came behind them and with lube on both her hands she eased one, two, and then three fingers into their greedy assholes. They moaned and wiggled for more of her probing.

"Rico I want to see that thick ass cock of yours in Jake's ass. And you over there what's your name?"

"Kathy Mistress."

" Kathy get under Jake and suck his cock while he's being fucked. When he cums in your mouth I want you to feed it back to Rico!"

Tears stung Jake's eyes at the thickness of Rico's cock entering his ass. However, his mind eased with the delicious sucking taking place around his cock. He could feel Rico adding more lube into his gaping asshole before sliding back into Jake's fantastically tight ass.

When Janet saw Jake's gaping asshole she wanted to be able to do the same. So, she put on harness and a thick 7" dildo that was almost as wide as Rico's cock and positioned herself behind him. Rico paused mid-stroke as he felt Janet's hand on the back of his neck and the tip of her dildo penetrating his asshole. 

"That feels so good Mistress. Please Mistress fuck me hard!"

Janet placed her legs outside of Rico's legs and over his thighs. She had her hands on the middle of his back to steady her and started pumping his asshole for all she was worth. They found a rhythm together her fucking his ass and him fucking Jake's. Jake's cock was going deep into Kathy's throat and he felt himself on the verge of cumming. 

Kathy could sense his readiness and she eased away from his so that only the tip of his cock could enter her mouth shallowly. Jake screamed out, "Shit! Oh yes! Oh shit! I'm cumming!"

He began to overflow Kathy's waiting mouth and cum spilled down the sides of mouth and around her neck. She immediately got up and kissed Rico spilling Jake's cum into his mouth just as he spilled forth into the depths of Jake's ass. Jake could feel five hot shots splash his insides as he hung his head and tried to catch his breath. Rico rested his head between Jake's shoulder blades as he felt Janet's cock exit his ass.

Janet was feeling punch drunk. She watched Rico's gaping asshole slowly contract. The harness had rubbed against her clit but not enough to bring her over the edge and right now she really needed to be fucked and fucked hard. She removed the harness and climbed onto the nearest 8"cock. 

Sean moaned as Janet impaled herself on his caramel-colored cock. She looked over to Roger and told him to shove his tool in her ass. Roger lubed up and slid his thick black 7" inches into her ass. She called Chris over and greedily sucked his thick pink 6" cock into her mouth. 

Janet found her rhythm and she rode them and sucked them hard with her body. Chris was the first to cum in her mouth. She leaned down and kissed Sean sharing a moan and the cum she'd just received. Their tongues twirled against one another and Sean suck on hers get the last vestiges of cum from her mouth.

Janet then called Lisa, a milk and honey redhead, over to her hungry mouth and started licking at her slit while she continued to ride the two cocks. Lisa impaled herself on Sean's willing tongue while Janet licked and sucked at her clit. Janet sat up slightly and sucked on Lisa's pert sensitive cinnamon nipples. Lisa's started cumming from the breast stimulation along with Sean's wicked hot tongue.

Janet felt a hand slide down over her pussy and it started strumming her clit. It was Mai. She helped to bring Janet over the edge which caused her to clamp down on both men and squeeze their orgasms from their cocks. 

Janet passed out from the intensity of the orgasm. Linda had Dewayne carry Janet back to her bedroom and she had Mai' give her a sponge bath while she was out. Linda dismissed the other seven slaves back to their weekend quarters for the night. She pleasured herself with Dewayne and Mai before bathing and crawling in with Janet for the rest of the night.

The next morning Janet awoke to the smells of breakfast. Sausage, eggs, biscuits and coffee permeated the air. She saw Linda seated naked at the desk eating and she noticed a pillow on the floor at her feet. She saw on that the food tray had along with the other food some fresh peach slices, cream and some juice. 

"I'm starving and breakfast looks good." Janet said looking for her plate and not seeing one.

"Sit here Janet!" Linda said pointing to the pillow at her feet. "I will feed you this morning." She stroked Janet's face as she knelt on the pillow at her feet. She had a perfect view of Linda's bald pussy and protruding clit. She knew that she was aroused.

"You did well last night. How do you feel?"

"I feel like a totally different person. I don't recognize the woman that did all of things and made other people do all of those things. But I feel so free!" She said hugging herself.

"I'm glad. That is what I wanted for you. But I told you that you are still slave to me and my desires. I will use you as I see fit or this will not happen again. Do you understand?"

"Oh, yes I understand. I love you Linda and I would do anything for you."

"Good! The first thing we need to do is feed you. And when we are done I have a special treat for you."

Linda feed Janet from her plate and only gave her enough to quell her hunger. 

"Now it's time for your treat, peaches and cream."

Linda pulled out a slice of peach and shoved it into her pussy. Janet leaned forward and sucked the peach slice in and out of Linda's pussy fucking her hole with it and then ate it. Linda repeated the process again and as Janet went to suck out the peach she poured cream over her clit and peach-stuffed hole. When all the peaches and cream was gone, Janet licked Linda's pussy and ass until she erupted with more cream. She then licked her holes clean to be sure she did not miss a drop of cream.

"I have never thought of myself as bi, dominant or no where near aggressive in the bedroom. But Linda, after what you've done for me in one day, your cat can always have my tongue."