 "Mmmm, she tastes sweet," Rita said, slowly lapping at my pussy. I am moaning somewhere in post-orgasmic bliss, blocking out everything around me- all the other lovers in the room, the sounds of the couple next to us, even the open window to my left; everything, but the aftershocks going through my body, and Rita's and Shawn's tongues penetrating my respective sets of lips. "My knees are about to...," I warn, as the trembling makes it impossible to stand. 

Eight hands catch me and lower me to the sheepskin rug that, I hadn't really noticed when I was upright. Shawn grins, "Are you ok, baby?"

"Mmmmm. Wow. Yes. I'm... I'm ok, thanks. Wow." I feel all their eyes and hands on me, stroking me, caring for me as I come back from the edge. "Come here, Rita," I barely get the words out. 

Rita leans over my face, one hand on each side of my head. I look up at her, the woman that gave me such pleasure, and pull her face down so our lips meet. She's sticky and smells like my pussy and made me feel so fucking beautiful. 

I kiss and suck at the lips that kissed and sucked at mine earlier, thinking, "yeah, I do taste kinda good!" Her warm naked body pressing on top of mine is such a good feeling! So warm and soft, and it is such a difference from my husband's hard angular features. We kiss delicately and passionately, really enjoying the moment.

"Well it looks like they'll be busy for a while, good husband," Chelsea quips to Shawn, "why don't I entertain you while your wife's busy." Grabbing Shawn's throbbing, and by now, aching cock in her hand and leading him to her. "He's overdressed," says Ric. So she takes her free hand and pulls Shawn's pants the rest of the way down and guides him to step out by his dick. 

Chelsea presses her body up against his, and Ric sandwiches her in the middle. "Comfy," she coos. Her hand is between Shawn's body and his penis, and the other side of his shaft she's rubbing on her tanned belly. 

He puts his hand around his first boob job ever, and like a kid with a science experiment, he squeezes and prods and marvels at the wonders of modern medicine. "You like?"

"Yes, I've never..." She moans and puts her hand on top of his, urging him to squeeze harder, "you can't break me, don't worry. I like them played with." 

Ric kisses her on the nape of her neck, making her shudder against Shawn's body. He smiles and grinds his cock into her pelvis. She grinds back with a moan. 

I'm grinding too! Rita and I are making out and grinding our pussies into each other. Rita's freckled face is getting very flushed, she's frantic and ready to come. I roll us over and grind my leg into her crotch once more. "MMMMMMM!" Her mouth opens wide as the moan comes out. 

Ric takes his place, kneeling above her gaping mouth and places his dick at the edge of her lips. She licks at it and hungrily reaches for it with her mouth, eyes closed like a baby reaching for milk. 

As she's taking Ric into her mouth, I move down to Rita's dripping pussy. I am about to give oral to my first woman ever. I hope I give to her all the pleasure that she gave to me before. I marvel at the hair covering her labia, such a bright carroty color. No wonder they're called "firecrotches!" 

I dive right in, licking from the clit to the opening bringing out an, "Unnnngh!" I answer back by surrounding the lips with my mouth and vibrate a moan into her mound. This causes her to shudder and quiver, letting me know I'm on the right track. 

I'm slurping and sucking on Rita's clit, as she's slurping and sucking on Ric's sac. She takes his hanging balls into her mouth and moans with every lick I make. "Oh, yeah. Oh, fuck, yeah!" I think Ric approves! She pushes his balls past her tightened lips with her tongue and he shakes with each "pop." 

Shawn and Chelsea are making out and watching the three of us go at it. Chelsea brakes from him and kneels down next to Rita's head, stroking her hair and Ric's head, before tweaking and sucking Rita's nipples, causing them both to moan, which heightens my excitement, and I add to the moans filling the air!

My husband takes one look at my ass in the air, as I'm suckling Rita's clit, and knows what he needs to do. He kneels behind me and teases my slit with his cock, causing the chain of moans to start again. 

Pressing the throbbing head in, starts the final frenzy, as Shawn growls, "Oh!"

"Mmmm!" I answer, pressing my bottom back at him.

"Uhhhhhmmm," adds Rita, sucking long and hard on Ric's stiff shaft. 

Leaning over Rita, just so, Ric takes his hand from Chelsea's hair and caresses her bare pussy. He deftly spreads her lips before inserting two fingers in her wanton cunt. "Oh...mmmm," she seems surprised, as she was focusing on making love to Rita's sensitive nipples. When Ric places his thumb over her asshole, the mere suggestion sends Chelsea into convulsions. 

He's fingering her so hard, she bites into Rita's breast. "GRRRrrrnnghhhhhh!" The woman's mad with lust! Ric punctures the peaceful ass with his thumb, continuing her decent into orgasmic bliss! She takes every bang like a pro and passes the lust onto the group. 

For every pound she gets, Shawn duplicates behind me. Oh, ow... He's not usually so forceful. His body slaps my ass and I moan my pain filled approval into Rita's juicy cunt. 

Ric is nearing completion, his balls are drawn up, and Chelsea is repaying the favor on his asshole, as Rita sucks at his head. His cock is too big now to deep throat Rita's bright red face, but his head is fucking her lips just the same. He scrunches up and makes the "O" face, as the blonde massages his prostate and the redhead plays catcher. "Oh Fuck, Oh Fuck, OH FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!" Rita sucks him clean, but does not swallow. Chelsea comes down by Rita's face and laps up all Ric's cum off of the sweet red head. 

As Chelsea laps Rita's chops above, I flick her clit and suck at her lips below. Rita's bucking hard, and Shawn is banging me right back down to her pussy. I'm getting tossed back and forth like a rag doll between my lovers. 

Ric and Chelsea take up on either side of us and play with Rita's and my tits. "Oh God that feels good!" I've got Rita's hand on my head, telling me she's close. My husband's cock is pummeling my cunt into submission and now I've got another hot couple paying attention to my nipples. This is blowing my fucking mind! 

"MMmMM"

"AHHH"

"OHHH" 

I feel Shawn tense up, he's about to come, and he's pulling me back onto his swollen cock. He impales me as he cums in my clenching pussy. "Oh. Oh , AAAAAAAAAHHHGHHHHHHHH!" 

Rita's clit is sucked into my mouth. I suck her, still flickering as I come, muzzled in her crotch. I rumble my little death into her mound, "mmmm mmmm mmmm MMMMMMMMMMMMMM!"

And she cums right back at me! Thrusting, and bucking under my face. I'm a cowgirl riding a bronco, taking my husband behind me and staying on, devouring Rita's saddle. I ride her wave back down, still licking and tugging at her delicate skin as Shawn slowly slides in and out, shrinking within me. 

The five of us collapse together in a heap on the sheepskin rug, still panting and writhing, and staining the rug with our cum. Just as I recover, we notice the whole room had fallen silent. They were all watching us the whole time! The sea of naked bodies erupted in thunderous applause, in appreciation of the orgasmic interlude they were privy to watch.