 Chapter 4 - Swinger's Island

Cathy had enjoyed her trip to Prague, the friend of her professor had been old and fat, but she had loved him taking advantage of her, she liked being controlled. The control factor turned her on and she came very hard when she was made to do things she ordinarily wouldn't, especially with an older man. She had not told her boyfriend of her orgy the professor had made her participate in, or the friend in Prague she had submitted to, but he had been there the one time the old couple in the park had seduced the both of them and she could see how it turned him on to see her fucked by another man. She hoped that the couple would keep the film they'd made of her private, she hadn't told him about that episode, but her pussy tingled thinking about it, even the man's fat slob of a brother had fucked her.

She hated to admit it, but their sex life had become hum drum, they had been planning a trip to a remote island, she hoped that would put the zing back in their sex life. She found a website that offered a 10 day trip to a remote Greek island, she was shocked at how inexpensive it was, the pictures were beautiful, she talked him into it, though with the small price, it didn't take much talking. She made their reservations online and they both made their plans to go, she was looking forward to a quiet time to help them fall back into the lust they seemed to have put on hold. She received a packet in the mail and both of them signed the papers without even reading them and returned them with the payment, the tickets came a few days later.

It was a charter plane, everyone on it was enroute to the island resort, Cathy noticed that she was the youngest woman there, all the others were middle aged and seemed to glare at her . The plane made several stops throughout Europe to pick up passengers, then finally they were on their way, landing near dark on the tiny island. There was a greeting party, where everyone had drinks and then were shown to their rooms, she watched as the charter plane left with the previous guests and she settled into bed with her boyfriend. The trip had been a long one, with all the stops, she drifted to sleep, her boyfriend was reading the welcome packet as she slept.

Cathy woke up the next morning refreshed, she woke her boyfriend and they went for breakfast, she noticed all the middle aged men ogling her at breakfast and could also see the women glaring at her, it made her a bit uncomfortable. After breakfast, they went back to the room and she had the urge to blow her boyfriend, she attacked him as the door shut and in no time had his cock in her mouth, relishing the taste and feel of it as she fucked him with her mouth, wanting to taste and swallow his cum, it had been a long time. He grabbed her head and began fucking her face, his cock entering her throat as he became more urgent with his face fuck, then he shot off into her mouth and throat and she shivered as his cum slid down her throat.

He pulled up his shorts, after she had left his cock empty and clean, then he told her they needed to talk, she felt dread at what he might say, she was hoping he was going to return her favor, she could feel the dampness in her pussy and longed for the feel of his tongue on it, but he seemed so serious, so she sat on the sofa and he sat next to her. "Cathy, I read the welcome packet last night, while you slept," she stared at him, wondering where this was leading, "There are some provisions in there that we hadn't anticipated. After reading them, I understand now why this trip was so inexpensive." Cathy still had no idea what he was talking about, what 'provisions' was he referring to?

"Cathy, this is a swinger's island and the rules are very explicit," he picked up the packet and began to read," Each female guest shall submit, without question, to any male guest at his discretion. She must comply with his demands for sex, in any manner he wishes to include, oral, vaginal or anal, she is not permitted to refuse. The documents you signed prior to ticket issuance, detailed this and if you refuse, you will be forced to pay the full price of the package, an amount equal to six times the fees paid, you will also be segregated from the group and kept by yourself until the end of the trip. The time set aside for sex is from 8 pm until 3 am, at which time clothing shall not be worn by anyone, additionally, sex may only occur in public areas, all rooms will be locked between these hours and access will not be granted for any reason. Bedding will be put out in public areas at 8 pm and removed at 3 am, no female is exempt from sexual participation, including staff."

Cathy sat there in disbelief, what had they gotten into? They couldn't refuse, there was no way they could pay the fees, her boyfriend read more, "There is no way off the island, except to swim. The plane will return in 10 days to take you home, there are no boats. You are free to enjoy all the amenities of the island and this trip is all inclusive. The first sex night will start at 8 pm on your first full day and there will be a meeting at the pool to get acquainted and allow the men to choose partners, in addition to choosing whomever they wish to have sex with, chaperones will circulate to ensure compliance." 

Cathy sat in silence, her mind reeling from the information she was absorbing, her boyfriend rubbed her shoulders and kissed her neck, trying to alleviate her apprehension at what they had gotten into. She didn't notice at first, when his hands had moved down the front of her body and under the loose top, kneading her small tits as her nipples hardened. The rules were forgotten, as he had her on her back and her shorts off, all she thought about was his talented tongue on her clit as she arched her hips up to meet his tongue. As his tongue danced on her clit, her body shuddered in an orgasm, her thighs locking around his head, as he was treated with her own copious fluid release. He moved up and they cuddled as they kissed and she tasted herself on his tongue, secretly, she wondered if she could control herself when she was forced to give her body to a stranger, her boyfriend was unaware of how much being used turned her on, especially older men.

Everywhere they went during the day, she saw the older men ogle her, she felt like she was on display and she was. Her boyfriend had convinced her to wear the skimpy bikini she had brought, it was pale white with blue flowers and really accented her features. They had gone to the pool first, but after she felt herself getting wet from all the attention, they moved to the beach, it wasn't any better there. She enjoyed the men looking, but hated their wives glaring attention, she couldn't help it older men turned her on and vice versa, but she was a bit smug, knowing she had a better body than any other woman there, not to mention half their ages. She and her boyfriend frolicked in the surf, she tried to tune out everyone but him, but it wasn't easy, each time she lost her focus for a moment, she saw some older man staring at her and made her wet all over again, it was a good thing they were in the water. 

After the swimming, they went back to the room, she was so horny she practically raped her boyfriend, they lay in bed afterwards and dozed off. They were awakened by a loud rap at the door, "Everyone needs to report for dinner and the games, no clothing allowed. The rooms must be vacated in 30 minutes, they will be locked for the duration of the game period." They both jumped into the shower, they were apprehensive about going out the door nude, but that was the rules, her boyfriend ogled her perfect ass as it moved before him towards the dining room. She surveyed the room and every man that was still standing got a raging hard on as soon as they saw her tight, young body and especially her firm taut tits, her nipples had become painfully hard.

She looked over the men, gauging their sizes and wondering which one she would get first, she looked at her boyfriend and he was only semi hard, she had hoped an older woman might catch his fancy. She tried hard to hide her enthusiasm, she didn't want him to know how much just the thoughts of what was going to happen was turning her on. As she looked around, she had the gaze of nearly every horny old fucker there and it felt like she was on the auction block of a slave trader and these men seemed to be bidding on her with their eyes. They ate in silence, the food was good, but she only picked at it, the stirring down below was not her stomach, but her pussy, as she took another bite.

She turned and looked at the clock behind them, it was almost 8, she wondered who would be the first one to take her body for their own pleasure. Her boyfriend stood and went to the bathroom, he had barely gotten inside when the clock struck 8 and an old German man was tapping her on the shoulder. "I want to fuck you," he said in a heavy accent, then he took her by the hand and led her to a nearby bed, she saw the disappointment in other men's eyes. His eyes were on her perfect ass as they made their way to the bed and as they reached it, he put his hand on her shoulder and turned her around, a hand encompassing a small taut tit as he moved his lips to hers.

Cathy didn't respond at first, but as his tongue probed her closed lips, she slightly opened them and let him inside, his other hand was now running across her tight belly and downwards. He made a gesture with his hand against her thighs and she unconsciously spread her legs, his finger traced her labia as their kiss intensified, she knew how wet she was and felt slightly embarrassed, but his hands and tongue quickly forced that aside as she found herself trying to penetrate herself with his finger. She moved her own hand down and grasped his hard cock, marveling at the smooth texture and more than normal size, as she stroked it, wiping his precum down the shaft as lubrication.

He pushed her slightly and she eased down on her back on the bed, she never let go of his anxious cock, he broke their kiss and eased between her legs, as she stroked him and pulled him towards her wet pussy. He grasped her ankles and put them on his shoulders as he settled into her tight, little pussy, an inch at a time, until he had sank to the hilt and had her knees pressed back to either side of her tits. "Oh God, FUCK ME!!!" she found herself half shouting as his cock pulsed in her passage and he began to withdraw, then reseat himself, building a tempo, she could hear the sucking sounds of her overly wet pussy as he pounded her. 

Cathy clawed at his back, urging him to fuck her harder, as her own orgasm built and she felt the warmth overtaking her, his big, hairy balls slapping at her pink asshole as he drove deeper and harder with each thrust. He bent down and bit a rock hard nipple and that sent her over the edge as her pussy struggled to hold on to the pistoning cock and her moans dried her mouth. Her orgasm contributed to his as she felt squirt after squirt from his rigid cock, she rolled her head from side to side and stopped as her orgasm ebbed, to see her boyfriend, as he watched the old German pump his load into his girlfriend and she seemed to love it. Cathy saw that his cock was hard, was this getting him excited? Could it be that he enjoyed watching another man fuck her and fill her with his cum? 

"Danke," the old man said as he finally got the strength to get up, she could feel his cum running down the crevice to her ass as he pulled out, she wanted to give her boyfriend a blowjob, but an old Frenchman was in right behind the German, but he immediately began to eat her, cleaning out the other man's cum with his tongue, something she had never experienced before. He had talent and she soon felt herself edging towards another orgasm, he knew just what to do and in no time she was squirming and thrusting up towards his mouth, he popped a finger in her ass and she exploded in an intense orgasm. As her orgasm subsided, she felt drained and flopped back on the bed, he straddled her chest and held his hard cock to her lips, she opened her mouth and he began to face fuck her, she could see her boyfriend watching intensely as the Frenchman buried his cock in her mouth.

Her strength was very low, she mainly just lay there as he fucked her mouth, then he spewed his load into her mouth and she struggled to swallow it all down. He withdrew and a string of cum pulled out with him, breaking and landing on her chin, she looked to see her boyfriend, busily fucking an older Italian woman in the ass, the sight turned her on. Even though he was plowing into the woman's ass, his eyes were glued on her and her cum stained face, he fucked the older woman with a ferocity, she wondered if what he saw turned him on or made him angry. The Italian woman was in the throes of a huge orgasm, her hand busy on her pussy as he tensed and sent wave after wave pouring into her clenched ass, the sight made Cathy want an orgasm like that.

She was still pretty drained, but another man stepped up to her bed, wanting to fuck her, he grabbed her ankles and shoved them up and out as he lined up with her visibly red pussy and then drove all the way in with one stroke, causing a sharp intake of air which burned her lungs with its ferocity. The Frenchman had dried her pussy out with his oral fixation on it, at least near the entrance and once this new man had coated his cock with the remaining cum deep inside, it hurt much less as he pistoned in and out, his balls slapping her ass. Cathy looked over and her boyfriend was making the Italian woman suck his cock clean, but staring at her again.

The man rocking in and out of her tight pussy let her ankles go and was kneading her small tits, she could feel herself getting excited once again and watching her boyfriend make the older Italian woman clean his ass coated cock was spurring her on. An orgasm exploded from deep inside her, milking the man's cock as she spasmed on it, but he held out, then, as she came down, he pulled out and poised it at her tiny, puckered asshole and drove forward, she grimaced and cried out as he plunged into her tight ass all at once, her boyfriend stared at her, lust in his eyes. She wanted to suck her boyfriend's cock at the same time her ass was being skewered, but the rules allowed no contact with the person you came with during game hours, she grabbed the cock of an old Danish man and pulled it to her mouth, engulfing it as the other man fucked her ass hard.

The feel of having two orifices filled at the same time drove her over the edge once more and in perfect timing, they both erupted in her in unison, her ass and her mouth sucked them both dry. There were several men standing near her, watching and waiting for their turn and taking two at once became second nature to her, she caught brief glimpses of her boyfriend with various older women, but he never took his eyes off of her, little did she know that her debauchery turned him on immensely and he took this out on many women, who were appreciative of his fierce fuckings. 

By the time 3 am arrived, she was totally exhausted and it was a struggle to make it back to their room, she had experienced so many orgasms, she'd lost count. As she struggled up the stairs, her boyfriend came up from behind and she was afraid that it was someone else wanting sex, but he calmed her and helped her back to the room and into the shower. She sat in a heap on the shower floor, while he washed her, as he bent to clean out between her legs, his cock was at her head level and she sucked on it, when he came, she swallowed instinctively, then passed out, he dried her and carried her to the bed.

When she awoke, her entire body ached and she still had the taste of cum in her mouth and cum oozed from between her legs, she wondered if her boyfriend was mad at her, but she was scared and excited that her second night might be more intense than her first. Her boyfriend brought her food and orange juice and they discussed the previous night, although he was a little apprehensive at first, he admitted that seeing her used by so many guys turned him on, she reached into his shorts and found his cock as hard as iron just from their talking. Even though her body felt tortured, she asked him to fuck her and as his hard cock pierced her tender labia, her mind soon was lost in bliss once more.