 I really couldn't believe I was in this situation.

I was lying on my side in a hotel room. My husband, Mark, was lying next to me. I could tell by the way he was breathing that he was right on the edge of falling asleep.

While Mark was dozing, Brian was lying behind me, spooning with me as it were. As I felt him pressing up against me, I raised my leg just enough to ease his access. He slid his cock into my ass and start gently pumping me, in and out, very slow and relaxed. He wasn't in a hurry at all. We had all come so many times already that this was just a calm way to enjoy each other. It was wonderful. I opened my legs a little more to let Brian know that I appreciated his attentions, and snuggled up to my husband. So, there we were. Lying in the warm afterglow of an incredible sexual experience, Brian gently sliding in and out of me, Mark sleeping with a content smile on his face, and me feeling more intense sexual satisfaction than I had in years.

But that's the ending. You knew how this story ended before it started.

Here's the beginning.

Mark and I had been married for 14 years. Standard stuff...suburban existence, kids, pressure, relationship ups and downs, everything.

I don't know when we first started talking about it, but the concept of a threesome had been in our minds for years. I think it was a game we would play. A dare. Who would be willing to go the farthest. Was this just a fantasy, or would you really make it a reality? Would you REALLY make it a reality, or are you just saying that. Back and forth.

Then somewhere over the last year, things changed. Somehow, the idea of being a fantasy really did morph into the idea of making this a reality. I remember when Mark finally laid down the ultimate bluff: If you want to do it, then that's fantastic. Find a guy you would be comfortable with and I'm totally ok with it. He even signed up for an swinger web site where we could meet guys.

At first I acted a little uninterested. Honestly, I was kindof shocked It seemed like too much. I pretended I wasn't interested. I ignored the web site.

But then I started looking around, doing searches, stuff like that. There were so many guys out there! I didn't know where to start or what to do. Some were real weirdos. They were easy to spot. Where were the regular guys? I didn't want some "Ken doll" type that was totally in love with himself. But I didn't want some disgusting dork either.

So I took the plunge and sent a few messages to some guys. I was pretty straight forward with them. I told them that my husband and I were just looking, that we didn't know if we would really go through with anything, but that we were hoping to have some fun. Most responded right away. Some didn't. I figured the ones that didn't just gave up and weren't logging on to their account anymore.

Of the guys that responded, it was pretty easy to see who was going to be likable and who wasn't. Most just came on way too strong. Can't believe they would think that would work. Just a complete turn off.

I started off with maybe eight guys that I sent messages to. Between non-responders and jerks, it quickly came down to two: Brian and Roy. They both seemed like "regular" guys. They weren't cocky or obnoxious, and they both totally understood when I told them that this was my first time and I was trying to "learn as I went".

Roy lived in town. He was a couple years younger than us, and seemed to be a successful, decent guy. The one thing I hadn't thought a lot about was the looks of these guys, but Roy really stood out. He had a real "model's" face kind of look, with blond hair, a huge smile and gorgeous eyes. Of course, it took a few messages before he felt comfortable enough to send me a face picture. But the pictures of his body that he sent before were pretty impressive too. He had nice muscles, but not too much. And he sent a great shot of his butt which I just loved! It was nice and round and very sexy.

Brian lived an hour away. He was almost exactly our age, and owned several Subway restaurants. He was divorced, with no kids, and was just looking for some fun. He was really reluctant to send me face shots at first. I think he was worried that he would be "outed". I understand that. But I really liked him. His attitude and his approach just made me feel comfortable. In a way, he reminded me of my husband, so maybe that's part of it.

One thing I was a little worried about was Mark being jealous. Both of these guys were in better shape than Mark. Would he feel threatened? This whole thing opened up this area of male competition and I wasn't sure what to expect. In particular, the photos Roy sent showed him with a very large erection. Mark's penis is fine, but very much "average" in terms of size. I wondered how Mark would feel about Roy's. Would that threaten his ego?

So, one night as Mark and I were having sex I told him I was thinking about taking him up on the threesome. I hadn't mentioned it in a few weeks, and I think he probably figured I had lost interest. He seemed genuinely excited by the idea, and asked me if I had anyone in mind. I told him to hang on a minute and got my laptop.

As we sat in bed, I showed him my two picks and we read through their profiles as well as the messages we had exchanged. "Which one do you think you would be most comfortable with?" I asked.

"Well, its really more up to you than me", he replied. "I think they both seem like decent enough guys."

"So, you would be ok with either one?", I asked.

"Sure, I guess", Mark responded.

"What do you mean by 'I guess'?", I asked, thinking that he was hinting that he didn't want Roy.

"Just that I want to make sure you are happy, that's all", Mark responded.

Hmmm....If he wasn't going to comment on Roy, then I guess I'll just bring it up directly: "What about Roy's cock? It obviously really big. Are you sure you are ok with that?" I asked. "I know how guys are. Are you going to be ok having a guy with a bigger cock than yours screwing your wife in front of you?"

"What do you think? Does his cock turn you on?", Mark asked.

"Well, I guess so. It does look nice. Sometimes I've wondered what it would be like to have sex with a guy with a cock like that, just to know what its like. But really its not a major factor to me either way. I love your cock, too! Any cock is a good cock if its nice and hard and ready!" I replied. I hoped that last part would make him feel better.

The truth is I really was interested in Roy's cock. I remember when I first opened the picture he sent. It sent a little shivver up my spine. It was very exciting to think of taking that large erection inside me. I'd seen pictures of well endowed guys before, but never with the real possibility of having sex with them. That possibility made it thrilling for me.

"Well, the truth is if it would turn you on, it would turn me on" Mark replied. "I think it would be really exciting to watch you having a good time, and if you would like taking a cock like that, then I'd enjoy watching".

Hearing him say that sent another shudder through me. I found myself thinking more and more about making this a reality!

I sent some more pictures of me and some more messages, and we were getting close to taking the next step. Because of schedule factors, Roy was tied up for the next few weeks. But Brian was available this coming weekend. I decided to take the next step.

It was a pretty simple plan. We would arrange to meet Brian at a nice, comfortable restaurant downtown. We would talk and have dinner. If things 'clicked', we would go back to Brian's hotel room which was just a couple of blocks away.

You could feel the excitement in the air as Mark and I got ready to go that evening. It was pretty weird. I was totally nervous when I was getting dressed. It made me feel funny as I pulled on my panties wondering if Brian would be the one to pull them off! I could tell Mark was nervous too. He gets impatient when he gets like that. When we got in the car, we just looked at each other and laughed. That seemed to take the tension off for a while.

The plan was for Brian to get to the restaurant first. That way, if for whatever reason we chickened out, we could just walk away. When we got there, we asked for his table. When the waitress took us over, it was like all our worries and anxieties melted away. Brian was a very easy going guy, and it came out right away. The three of us had a great time. We shared a bottle of wine, and had a lovely, light dinner.

As dinner wound down, I knew the guys would be wondering what was coming next. Based on how well Mark and Brian had gotten along, it was obviously up to me. Did we go through with this or do we go home?

Brian offered to pay for dinner, but Mark got to the check first. "You've got the hotel, we can cover this" he said. I took that as his signal that he was ok with moving forward.

I decided to make my move: "Well, guys! What do you say we take this party down the road!" I said, as the waitress dropped off Mark's charge slip. I figured that would clear up any doubts.

And it certainly did! You could see the excitement on Mark and Brian's faces as they bolted up. We wasted no time heading for the door.

The brief walk over to the hotel was surreal. I felt like I was in another person's body. I couldn't believe things had gotten to this point! But it felt so good and so comfortable. Brian and Mark seemed to be getting along fine. I certainly enjoyed Brian's company, and it really made me feel special to be sharing this with Mark.

I felt a little sneaky as we walked through the lobby of the hotel. There was another couple with us on the elevator. I wondered if they could sense the sexual energy between us, and knew what we were up to.

I watched as Brian slid his key card into the slot on the door. The door swung open, and my stomach felt like I was going down the first big drop on a roller coaster. The three of us stepped inside, and I heard the door shut behind us.

Brian was prepared. He has set out some candles earlier, and was now going around and lighting them. It made for a nice mood. Once he finished the last candle, he turned off the lights, leaving us only in the romantic glow of the candlelight. It was so wonderful! I turned to Mark, whispered "I love you", and kissed him deeply. He kissed me back with an intensity I hadn't felt in years.

As we broke our embrace, I turned and looked at Brian, who was watching us with a huge smile. I walked over to him, whispered "thank you" and gave him a deep kiss too. My heart was fluttering like crazy. Here I was locked in a passionate kiss with a virtual stranger, with my approving husband just a few feet away! This was unbelievable.

As Brian and I ended our kiss, I felt Mark's hand on my ass, pulling up my skirt. Brian took that as a signal, and started kissing my neck. Mark got on his knees and started pulling off my skirt and panties, while Brian started reaching underneath my sweater and massaging my breasts. That was another "flutter" moment, as another man touched me in that way for the first time in so many years.

Soon, Brian had pulled my sweater off over my head, and removed my bra. Mark had my skirt and panties down by my ankles. I stepped out of them, and realized I was practically naked in front of these two men. Another shutter went through me, and for the first time I realized that I was soaking wet. I couldn't remember ever being so aroused. There were hands and mouths and tongues all over me. I was in heaven.

After a few moments, I regained my composure enough to say "Come on, boys! Strip down and lets see what you can do"! I realized how dumb that sounded as soon as I said it, and we all got a laugh out of it. But Brian and Mark knew what to do anyway, and quickly they were wearing nothing but their smiles. I stopped for a moment to admire these two men, each with rock-hard erections at that point, smiling at me. How can you not love that! "Just stay there for a moment" I said. "I want to soak this in!"

I had thought some of the various thing I wanted to do, and all of the sudden I knew where to start. I knelt in front of Brian and took his cock in my mouth. What a feeling! It felt and tasted so good! Then Mark stood next to me, and that got me to one of the things I wanted to do: Blowing two guys at once, back and forth, one after the other. I would suck on Mark for a few seconds. Then switch over to Brian, then back to Mark. I had seen this done in movies, but here I was doing it for real! That was cool!

After a while, I decided I needed to have a cock in me, so I suggested we go over to the bed. Before I knew it, Mark had me bent over on all fours and was putting it to me doggy style. I think that's when I came the first time. It just shot through me like a flash. Right around then, Brian knelt in front of me to give me access to his cock. Cross one more off my list! Getting fucked while sucking on another cock at the same time. It was awesome. I just sort of opened my mouth and wrapped my lips and tongue around Brian's cock, while Mark's thrusts caused my mouth to go up and down on it.

A couple of moments later, I felt Mark speeding up. I could tell he was going to come, so I took Brian's cock deep into my mouth and felt as Mark shoved his cock deep into me and let loose with his sperm. What a wonderful moment!

"I think its my turn now" Brian said. Being prepared, he had a box of condoms sitting on the night stand. The one thing that Mark and I had decided is that any time Brian had genital contact with me, he would wear a condom. So I pulled one out, opened it up, and slid it on his cock for him. Just that simple act seemed incredibly erotic to me. I think Brian liked it too. His cock was hard as a rock!

I laid down on my back, and Brian got on top of me. The next think I knew he had slid his cock fully into my pussy. I let out a gasp as I had another orgasm right at that moment. I was so incredibly turned on, I thought I was going to burst. I reached up and grabbed his ass with my hands and pulled him in. I was in heaven. I looked over and saw Mark watching us, smiling. That made me feel so good knowing that he was enjoying this.

Just then, Brian started speeding up. I could tell he was getting close.

"Pull out." I said, "I want you to come on my tits!"

I guess the encouragement that Brian needed. As he pulled out and slipped off the condom, I reached down and grabbed his balls. Just then he let forth with an incredible load of semen. It shot onto my tits and a big spurt hit my mouth and cheek. I thought he was done, but then he let out another huge spurt that went on my stomach. I was looking at his face, and he was obviously loving it. After he was finished, he looked down and smiled at me. I decided to reward him by licking his sperm off my lips and swallowing it. Then I rubbed it into my tits while I told him how nice it was. I grabbed his cock and pulled him to my mouth and sucked the last few drops out of him.

So, there I was, covered with semen, with two exhausted men in bed with me. I can't say I ever expected that to happen to me. I told them I needed to clean up, and asked if they wanted to join me. So, we went into the shower to wash up. Ladies, let me tell you, you will never have a better time than when two lovely men are in the shower with you, washing you all over, caressing your body, kissing you, feeling you. Its amazing.

I was thinking we might take a break for a while, but my guys had recovered by then and were ready for more.

"I've got to get a taste of that pussy" Brian said. I laid down on the bed and pulled my knees up, giving him complete access. It was thrilling to have him between my legs. It was interesting. He was good, but obviously whoever taught him how to eat pussy had different tastes than I did. I like a lighter touch, where he was a little rough. Not bad, just different than what I was used to. It didn't matter, though. Just the thought of this strange man eating me out was driving me wild. After a few more minutes, I came again.

Both men were fully hard again, which gave me the chance to try something I had always wanted. I told Brian to put on a condom and sit on the sofa, then I straddled him and sank his cock into my pussy. I rode him for a few minutes to get comfortable, then I told Mark to get the lube and fuck my ass. This was the last of the big "new things to try" on my list: Taking two cocks at once.

Mark quickly spread lube on his cock as well as on my ass. He started by inserting a finger, then two. He made sure my ass was fully lubed and relaxed. All the while, Brian was slowly pumping his cock in and out of my pussy. What ecstasy!

"Brian, spread your legs apart farther" Mark said. With that, he was able to position himself. I felt the head of his cock on my ass. With a gentle push, he was in. This was it! I was getting fucked by two cocks at the same time. It was a little awkward moving, so the Brian had to go slow. Mark had it easier, and was pumping my ass vigorously. I could feel Mark's balls slapping against me with each thrust. I wondered if Brian could feel them too, but didn't want to say anything.

I shuddered as a long, extended orgasm swept through me. I felt so completely warm and relaxed. I couldn't believe how good it felt. I was wonderful.

I felt Mark speed up, driving himself to orgasm.

"Come on my ass" I told him.

As he reached the edge, he pulled out and shot his load on my ass. At that same moment, I felt Brian buck and shudder as he released his own load inside of me. It was perfect.

Mark fetched a towel and cleaned off my ass and his cock. Brian went into the bathroom to throw away his condom and clean off his cock. While he was in there, Mark and I slipped under the covers in bed. Brian came in and slipped in behind me.

We talked for quite a while. We all enjoyed it. I felt really good that Mark had a good time. I know he was turned on because his second orgasm is usually just a few drops, but this time it was another huge load! Brian was everything we had hoped he would be. Considerate and fun. A great guy to play with.

As we talked, Mark drifted off to sleep. That gets us back to where this story started.

I loved my threesome experience. Brian and Mark and I have agreed to do this again. I could see doing this a few times a month. It is so much fun! But the main thing is how much closer Mark and I have become. I don't know how to say how much this has improved our relationship and our sex life. Weird, but its true.

And...I still have something scheduled with Roy in a few weeks!