 He watched her flirt with the guy at the bar. They were clearly in to each other, there were lingering glances and eye contact that lasted too long; her hand resting on his elbow and his on the small of her back; jokes and laughter. The white strappy top she was wearing did little to hide her curvy body and the skirt stopped well above her knees. The way she was curling her delicate blonde hair around her finger was another sign that she was interested.

The guy leaned forward for a kiss and she eagerly met him, their mouths closing over each other and arms pulling each other closer. This was the one. She pulled back though, saying something and directing his attention to the man watching, sitting at a table a little further away. Her question was met with slight uncertainty but even across the bar the bulge in his trousers was visible and he was aroused enough to consider something new. Together they walked over.

So now all three of them were sitting at the same table. Chloe and her new friend on one side, on the bench seat, close to each other; and opposite was Tony sipping his whisky and trying to act like he wasn't as aroused as he was, and that he wasn't nervous at all. Introductions were made and Tony met Adrian. Adrian was tall and very good looking, his blonde hair and blue eyes matched his surfer physique and were quite different to Tony's dark Italian looks.

"Chloe says you guys are looking for something different tonight," Adrian started, sounding a little unsure. Chloe's hand caressed his muscular arm and she kissed his neck as he and Tony chatted.

"Yeah. Yeah." Was all Tony could say until he rallied and continued. "Chloe really wants to be made to feel special tonight and she's decided she wants a second man to join us. I think she's quite keen on it being you!"

Adrian smiled nervously and blushed as Chloe's hand slipped below the edge of the table. "He's really big Tony, and I can feel he's so hard as well." She sighed, "I'm so wet just thinking about the three of us." She looked right in to Tony's eyes now, "and I know how much you want to watch this thick cock inside me."

Tony felt his cock twitch at her words, and clearly Adrian was enjoying her attention. They quickly tossed back their drinks and Tony led them from the bar, Chloe walking hand in hand with Adrian to the taxi. It was only a short ride to the nearby hotel that they had booked: a beautiful suite with a large sitting area and huge four poster bed. Tony sat facing the two of them in the back of the taxi as they kissed again, and again, hands starting to explore each other's body.

It wasn't long before the taxi arrived and Chloe led Adrian up to the room as Tony settled the fare and went via the hotel bar to order a bottle of champagne, and three glasses. He waited impatiently for the lift to arrive and was soon fumbling his key card in to the room door. 

When he walked in to the suite he paused to admire the scene. Chloe was lounging on the sofa curled up beside Adrian. His arm was around her holding her close as they kissed deeply Her strappy top was already askew exposing the delicate pink lace bra that was struggling to contain her full chest. His other hand was on her leg propping up underneath the short skirt. Not to be outdone, she was caressing his sizable bulge through his jeans and oblivious, or uninterested, in Tony's arrival. 

Tony didn't interrupt as he set about opening the Champagne and pouring three glasses, taking two over to the sofa then settling down in the chair opposite to watch. There were heavy wet sounds now as their kisses became more passionate and Chloe pulled her bra down to push her erect nipple against his mouth, moaning softly as his tongue explored her sensitive flesh. Tony felt his own bulge grow as she fumbled for Adrian's belt. It soon fell undone, followed quickly by his trousers and her hand was inside his pants gently and teasingly massaging his length. Tony's eyes widened as she drew it out, it was thick and long and glistening with precum.

Breaking off the kiss for a moment Chloe whispered in Adrian's ear, but loud enough for Tony to hear: "I'm so wet, do you mind if I take my underwear off?" Adrian grinned at her and gestured for her to do so. Standing up she did a sensual striptease for her boyfriend and the stranger she'd just met, discarding the top and her knickers leaving just the short skirt and her bra on. Then, standing in front of Adrian but facing away, she guided his hands up her legs and to her soaking pussy.

Chloe hissed and gasped as his fingers found her wetness and kept eye contact with Tony as she started to grind against the fingers that were pushing inside her. "Oh fuck, yes, right there," she moaned. Her hips started to move faster and she shuddered for a moment before turning around and straddling Adrian on the sofa. She pushed herself up, bracing herself against the back of the sofa and lifted her skirt, pulling Adrian's mouth and tongue against her wetness.

It was only moments before her hips were grinding against him and her breath was coming in short, sharp, gasps. Tony watched the stranger pleasure his girlfriend with his mouth, his thick cock standing proud beneath her body. He stood up and walked across the room sinking to his knees in front of the pair of them. Reaching one hand out hesitantly he ran his thumb over Adrian's cockhead and smeared the precum, feeling it twitch and jump against him. He then leaned forward and ran his tongue up the length. Hearing Adrian moan in to Chloe's pussy he pushed his head forward and opened his mouth, taking the thick cockhead in his mouth. 

The salty precum coated his tongue and he swallowed; sucking and teasing the cock as his hand started stroking. Chloe looked down over her shoulder at her boyfriend sucking Adrian's cock and her eye's widened "oh God Tony are you, fuck, oh you are, fuck I love, oh FUCK FUCK" she screamed as she came around Adrian's mouth, coating his chin with her flowing juices. 

Adrian's cock was now pushing up in to Tony's mouth as he took more of it, hips bucking. Tony took his mouth off and knelt up, his hand still stroking Adrian, he pulled Chloe in to a passionate kiss as she moved down Adrian's body, straddling his thickness. "I want him in me," she whimpered to Tony who smiled at her, his hand on Adrian's bare cock guiding him towards her entrance. Her wetness flowed down over Tony's hand and the cock it held as she pushed down, feeling the thickness stretch her and push inside.

Both Chloe and Adrian moaned together as his cock filled her, their eyes wide. She started to move up and down on him, her wetness massaging and squeezing his cock. He alternated kissing each of them: Adrian in front of her and Tony over her shoulder. Tony' hand reached around and found her clit as she fucked Adrian, drawing delicate circles around her most sensitive spot as she fucked another man.

It wasn't long before Chloe couldn't concentrate on the kissing, her body was consumed by the feeling as her pussy was stretched and filled and she fucked the thick cock inside her harder and harder; her clit pulsing and sparking against Tony's finger. 

Adrian started to moan louder, unable to fight against the feeling of Chloe's tight, soaking, pussy gripping him. In a moment of clarity Chloe's eyes opened wide and she looked back at Tony "oh fuck, oh quickly, get him a condom." 

Tony just shushed her quietly, "he's going to cum inside you." He kissed her neck and his fingers finally stopped teasing and squeezed right over her clit. As Chloe came her pussy spasmed and contracted around Adrian's thickness and he moaned loudly, almost shouting as his bare cock pulsed several loads of cum inside her.

As their mutual orgasms relented Chloe collapsed against Adrian's chest and leaned up to kiss him again. The smell of sex was heavy in the air with her sweetness mingling with the musky saltiness of his cum. "Oh my god I've already cum twice," she mumbled. Sighing she pulled herself off Adrian's cock and sat next to him; Tony watched as Adrian's cock slid out of her letting free a deluge of his cum and her juices to run from her pussy down her legs. Leaning back and panting slightly, Chloe gently gripped Tony's hair and pulled him towards her. She spread her legs, allowing yet more wetness to escape and pool on the sofa, and pulled him towards her pussy; her skirt a useless circle of fabric crunched up around her waist.

With only a moment's hesitation Tony licked up her bare thighs, cleaning them of the wetness and Adrian's cum. He reached the top and she spread her legs wider, her hand still guiding him inwards. His tongue pushed inside her pussy and he sucked as gently as he could, drawing out the cum inside. Glancing upwards he could see Chloe and Adrian kissing again, his hands exploring her breasts - the bra had been discarded now - and her nipples standing up, enjoying the attention. As they kissed Tony could see Adrian's cock twitch again out of the corner of his eye and as his mouth continued to pleasure and clean Chloe's pussy he reached his hand up and took Adrian's cock in his hand. 

Stroking slowly and teasing the cockhead with his fingers, Tony felt Adrian grow again in his hand. He got even harder as Chloe's hand reached down and joined his, caressing the lower shaft and his balls. "Hmmm," she moaned, "I think we should go to the bedroom now."