 Cathy had a small frame, large breasts, milk-white chubby face and short black hair. She was a curious 18-year-old - more so than most, especially when it came to that pulse-quickening world of sexual sensation. Even at a very early age she had explored her own body; pushing the nerves and receptors to such levels that strange muscular contractions made her gasp and moan into her pillow. Now she was older in her teenage years and lived with her mother in a small apartment. Cathy took great pains not to let her mother know she was masturbating, which wasn't easy because masturbation had become habitual. 

Her mother had male lovers over often, which fascinated Cathy. She would press her ear to the wall listening in earnest as these men pushed their hardened cocks into her mother's cunt or mouth. Her mother would whine and whimper, but it never sounded genuine. Cathy was disgusted with her mother's carrying on. The sound of a cock being sucked was another story; Cathy would close her eyes and listen to every sound the men made, not aware that her own mouth gaped wide as if in waiting. She tried hard to visualize what the man's face might look like when he finally came. Often these men would grunt or groan loudly; others simply let out gasping breaths. Cathy's fingers would be busy between her own legs, rubbing furiously into the damp heat of her sex. Most often she would stop herself from cumming, for fear of being discovered; other times it was impossible to hold off against the internal wave of bliss that made her long to cum. During those moments when control was lost she would fall away from the wall, clasp a hand over her mouth and cum hard in the darkness of her bedroom, writhing in the sheets and pushing her head into the pillows to quiet her raspy breath. 

Cathy was not a virgin; she lost it when she was drunk. Her very impaired boyfriend managed to get an erection long enough to get into her, but he was too drunk to continue, and it ended with him getting sick. The second time they had a chance to go at it he started to hump her frantically, popping out of her overly tight hole and cumming in her hand before she could help him get it back in. The ordeal was over in less than one minute and needless to say, it eventually shortened the relationship. Cathy then found another boyfriend, he lasted longer, but had the same furious fucking urge that left her unsatisfied. He would get his face into her snatch and stab his tongue in and out of her hole a few times, then look up at her, surprised she hadn't started screaming like the women in most porn flicks. He would mount her, fast-fuck her for almost one minute and cum inside her. Cathy was beginning to learn that sex with teenage boys was different than the sex she had listened to through the wall of her mother's room. 

Cathy then settled into a relationship that was more to her liking. She fell in love and her boyfriend seemed to be too. Cathy placed less need on sexual fulfillment than she did on the love and that had helped her experience. Unfortunately, Cathy remained ignorant of the difference between love and sex and her heart broke badly when she found him cheating with one of her girlfriends. Apparently this girl gave incredible blowjobs and nature had designed most men and her boyfriend too, to cum as much as possible. So what was he to do? The girl had held his cock while he pissed and then sucked him until he shot cum into her mouth. It was like one bodily function following another. For Cathy, it was as though he had never loved her. So, she broke off with him 

Cathy had household chores, as most teens still living at home do. She would drag the laundry to the elevator, down the long hallway of the basement and into the laundry room. If she was alone, she could investigate for signs of what a man's cum might look like; how much there had been and what her mother had worn the night before that caused them to comment out loud, or be overly excited. One morning, Cathy found a red corset and black nylons. It repulsed her to think of her mother, whom she didn't like, wearing this sort of outfit and being fucked by some unknown man only the thickness of a wall away from her own bed. Cathy's small finger soon unraveled the stockings enough to show great wet stains where cum must have landed. There were splatters on the corset as well. She grimaced and tossed her mother's panties into the washer with haste. The shinny red panties where a mess of goo, half-dried, heavy and still sticky in the crotch. She took better care not to tear runs into the nylon stockings and separated them from the corset carefully.

Then one day everything changed for Cathy. Warren, an old friend of her mother and father had come to stay for a few weeks. Warren was 35-years old, quite a different level of experience than teenagers. He was helping with the rent and that pleased Cathy's mother. Her mother worked very hard to support the two since her father had left home and she liked to drink, so there wasn't much money in the home. Cathy's mother also had some private ideas for Warren too, those may have involved Warren's muscular body and bulging crotch. This was obvious by the way her voice changed when around him and how foolish she seemed to act. Although Warren was almost twice Cathy's age, she found herself looking him over. Warren had taken the room across the hall from the bathroom and Cathy's own room. He moved in his bed and some other personal things, but left everything else in storage. Cathy stayed at home more often when Warren was around.

One night her mother came home drunk and tapped lightly on Warren's door. She went into Warren's room and Cathy heard what was said by pressing up against her bedroom door. Cathy could hear her mother talking quietly with Warren asking him if he would like a drink and other such small talk. Warren must have said no because she could hear her mother coaxing him. Then she heard her mother bluntly offer to suck his cock. He must have declined, because her mother clearly announced with an intoxicated slur how she gave the very best head. She went on to explain how hard his cock would be and how much cum would shoot out when she made him cum. Warren declined again and the drunken woman staggered out of his room and into her own, passing out almost immediately onto her bed. Cathy was amazed he didn't go for the offer. He was a man after all and they needed to cum. Warren seemed mysterious now, different from the other men that had been there. Cathy went back to her bed and eventually fell asleep, but not before scheming.

It was a week later and Cathy's mother was out with a friend from work in some local bar, Cathy didn't care which one and failed to make any note of it when her mother called to say she would be late coming home. That evening, Warren sat in the living room and watched TV, while Cathy sat across from him pretending to be interested in the same program. She had on a short skirt with white nylon panties underneath and short white socks. Every few minutes Cathy would move on the chair trying to offer a glimpse but she wasn't sure Warren was looking. So, eventually she pulled her legs up towards her breast pretending she had no idea what was showing and started making small talk. Warren couldn't help noticing the gleam from the white panties and on further study, he noticed the contours of her cunt. He would look away, then back again, pretending not to notice. He was sure there was also a grayish spot there too, right in the soft of her crotch; no doubt some wetness he thought.

Cathy suddenly changed position so he could no longer see her panty-covered pussy. Her legs went down as if she was getting up off the chair and Warren showed no effect of her teasing. Warren was very interested, but he wouldn't let her know. No matter what he would fight the urge to follow his desire of fucking the hidden pussy behind that nylon material; its wetness beckoned him to his limits of resistance, but he resisted all the same. Soon Cathy did move into the kitchen and Warren followed her without thinking how it might look. Cathy could only suspect that there must be some interest, otherwise he would have stayed in the living room. So, she put it to another test. Squatting down as if looking for something in the lower cupboard, she allowed another potential flash of her crotch in his direction. This behavior continued for another hour or more; stirring Warren up to a point that he would have to jerk himself off before going to bed. That was what he planned on and that was what almost happened. 

Later on, Warren closed his bedroom door, pulled down his jeans and started rubbing his cock through the fabric of his underwear. When it was hard, he pulled it out and started tugging the foreskin back slowly. Suddenly there was a soft knock at his door, which ended his attempt to masturbate. It was Cathy and she wanted to know if he could come to the bathroom and help her with something. He quickly stuffed his cock back into his pants and opened the door. Cathy stood before him wearing a pink see-through teddy. Her nipples were hard and made considerable protrusions into the very thin fabric. Warren couldn't help but stare and as he did, his gaze lowered slowly to Cathy's smooth thighs and the same white nylon panties he had only peeked at; were now in full view. The nylon material hugged her pudgy flesh tightly while a hint of pubic hair caused a slight change in profile at the very front and deep into the V between her soft thighs. Warren could almost smell her scent and it made him want to fuck her badly. He couldn't resist getting involved any longer. He stepped closer to her and she backed away toward the bathroom with a sly look in her eyes. He asked her what it was she needed and she wouldn't or couldn't say; she just bite her lower lip and backed up another step. Soon Warren had his pants and underwear down around his ankles and it was Cathy's turn to get an eye full. She looked straight down at his cock. It was large and uncircumcised. Warren took Cathy's hand and guided it to his cock, which immediately began to swell.

Meanwhile in the parking lot behind the apartment, Cathy's mother and her friend Janice were just returning from the bar. Cathy's mother was falling down drunk, but her friend wasn't nearly as bad. Both were dressed trashy with very short skirts and their black pantyhose had runs. They were heading for the apartment. Cathy and Warren had no idea they were coming home so early.

Still facing Warren, Cathy nervously wrapped her hand around his hardened cock, her fingers closing slowly, first against the veins, then onto the smooth flesh and finally they squeezed firmly into the taught shaft causing the head to grow and darken to a painful looking purple. Warren drew in a deeper breath as she did this feeling a burning ache in his balls as they began to prepare for the release of an overdue ejaculation. She didn't really know the best technique and awkwardly pulled back hard on his foreskin. As she pushed her hand forward, gripping his cock very firmly, a clear bead of pre-cum appeared at the tip. Then she pulled the foreskin back again and as she did, the tip of Warren's cock brushed against her pantied mound rubbing the pre-cum into the nylon fabric. Very seldom had Warren ever felt his cock so hard and his balls so full and tightly bound by his scrotum. The cool air in the bathroom caused his sack to tighten increasingly as his arousal peaked. 

Warren reached down and slipped his fingers under the tight waistband of Cathy's white nylon underwear. He had been so teased by these panties that he suddenly desired to feel more of them with his cock. He guided the head of his very swollen cock over the top of Cathy's lowered panties and he pushed downwards to glide snuggly against her hot, wet labia, forcing back his foreskin and her hooded clit at the same time, while doing so. Her hand relaxed and fell slowly away from his cock as he pushed it into her crotch. The tight purplish head slid between her hot thighs, the bottom, gliding over the smooth nylon gusset and the top plowing through her slick dripping sex. Cathy's mouth hung open slightly as this new and curious sensation caused her tight little snatch to ache. Warren continued with this back and forth action being careful not to penetrate her. Each time he trust forward, she would turn her cunt down sharply towards him trying in vain to get him inside her. He managed to avoid penetrating her. He was concerned he would cum instantly if he did, and he hoped to last; after all, they had just begun.

Meanwhile, the two drunken women had left the elevator and were well on their way down the hall to the apartment. Janice led the way looking somewhat like a sexy librarian with her long black hair, slim facial features and glasses. She was tall with a sturdy built woman in her thirties. She had the sort of stature that made her perfect as a Dom, and she was too. Janice had once acted in an amateur porn flick in which her character bossed two men around and ended with her coaching both of them to jack off on her tits. The poor bastards had been denied cumming for the whole shoot, which was about four hours in the making. Needless to say, when the pair finally let go of their loads, Janice was hit with a substantial amount of cream. She never forgot that experience. As a matter of interest, she fantasized about it often. Little did she know that she was about to get cum on her again.

Warren's cock was at its peak erection, there simply was no making it harder. The contents of his balls were loaded and ready to fire. He couldn't hold off the inevitable and aggressively picked up Cathy, placed her ass on the counter next to the sink and pulled her panties off of one leg for full access to what he needed most. Her wet little hole was right on the edge of the counter and level with his shiny swollen gland. He wasted no time stabbing it into her. Her cunt was tight and without her excessive lube, which seemed to be getting on everything, it may have been quite painful for both of them. Warren gasped aloud as he felt the heat and slick hole squeeze wonderfully around his cock. Cathy let out a small whimper as the large gland pushed into her, pulling the hooded clit down fast and hard as it went in. Soon her small nest of pubic hair was matted with her own juices and clung to the pudgy flesh of her box. Warren started pumping faster amazed that he hadn't shot his load yet. With the increased thrusting, Cathy's wrist turned on the water tap, just a little at first then as he rammed her again and again it came on with more force. Soon the cold water was coming out of the tap at full force, but neither of the pair cared less about that now. Warren had wet his thumb with spit and was gently rubbing Cathy's little nub; she was getting very aroused by this new attention and her closed eyes and flush cheeks telegraphed the pending orgasm that was rising within her.

The noise of water in the bathroom had made it impossible to hear Cathy's mother and her friend Janice come into the apartment. Janice simply dumped the very drunk and very sleepy mother on the sofa and proceeded down the hall to the bathroom for a pee. When she rounded the door way she was faced with Cathy, up on the counter, eyes closed in blissful pre-orgasm concentrating hard on cumming and a strange man between her legs pumping what looked like a very shiny hard shaft of cock in and out of the young woman's cunt. Warren was just starting to cum when Janice, over reacting screamed at him.

"What the fuck are you doing?" Her voice was loud and shrill.

Warren opened his eyes and turned his head towards Janice, his cock head still inside Cathy's snatch and just starting to shoot cum. Cathy too was shocked to see Janice standing there. Janice thinking that perhaps this was a date rape in progress instinctively tackled poor Warren, taking him completely by surprise. Warren's cock had just sent out the very first drops of pearly cream as it pulled loose from Cathy's tight hole. He fell backwards to the floor with Janice embracing him. Warren had never experienced anything like this before; he was being tackled by a women and cumming at the same time. 

Janice came down hard on top of him; her tight, short skirt deflected his hard cock downwards and between her pantyhose covered legs. Warren's cock exploded between her nylon legs. It shot one long stream of cum straight into the air, which came down on the back of Janice's black stocking covered thighs. 

"He's my friend leave him alone," Cathy cried out.

Warrens cock continued to gush cum as Janice's legs closed tightly on each side of it. The power of his climax rendered him speechless. It took a few more seconds for Janice to realize what was really going on and Warren's cumming to subside before he too was able to convince her that she'd made a mistake. Janice started to giggle and then slowly became aware of the situation. She could feel the globs of cum all over her legs. She got off the top of Warren. Her nylons were soaked at the backs and between her thighs by Warren's generous load of sperm. She stood there, skirt up, legs apart and looked down at the mess, then offered a hand to the very embarrassed Warren as he got to his feet; cock still quite bloated although no longer erect. Janice laughed, putting one hand on Cathy's thigh to steady herself. Cathy hadn't moved from the counter and had tried to cover up her protruding nipples and very wet sex.

Janice, typical of her character, took charge, appreciating Cathy's predicament and wanting the best for the girl, she looked at Warren and flatly ordered him to suck Cathy's clit.

"Suck her clit until she pops," Janice commanded. "Come on now; you got to blow your load and she hasn't got to got boom yet, so suck her clitty."

Warren couldn't believe the audacity of Janice; a woman he had never met and he wasn't sure about this absolute lack of privacy.

"Come on, make her cum." Janice demanded in a more serious voice. 

So Warren dropped to his knees while Janice opened Cathy's legs at her knees. Cathy protested slightly, because she felt ashamed, but she did want to cum very badly and Janice was very strong. Janice used muscle to overcome the slight resistance that Cathy put up and pushed her legs to their full extent. Once spread, Warren went straight to work on her snatch, his tongue flicking wildly over the soft flesh of Cathy's pussy. Janice gently stroked her hair and spoke softly to her about how pretty she looked in the teddy, pinching her nipples hard through the thin fabric. This continued for some time, Warren began concentrating his tongue lashing over Cathy's little clit and she started to climb the tower towards her orgasm once again. Cathy's cheeks were flushed a blotchy red and her brow wrinkled as she strained to cum. In a husky voice, Janice began her coaching.

"Come on honey, you can do it, you can cum for us. Come on Cathy honey, cum right on his mouth, cum for me honey. Come on now, you can do it."

Warren worked harder on the girl's small nub bringing her higher and higher, but Cathy was trying too hard and she stalled, she was not going over the edge as she hoped. Her face was screwed up tight; her plump cheeks flushed red; her lips pulled tight across clenched teeth and her brow wrinkled up as if in great pain.

"Come on baby," Janice coaxed her. Come on, come on, come on, do it honey, cum on his mouth, cum sweetheart, cum, cum, cum. I wanna see your little cunt cum. Cum for me baby, cum for your auntie Jan; you can do it."

Cathy followed the coaching seriously and her breath came in short but deep gasps, with great pauses between each.

Janice turned her attention to Warren.

"You're screwing it up. Here let me show you," she said, pulling Warren back from the over worked clit.
