 My husband and I were in the process of moving out of a tiny apartment in the city and remodelling an old farm house about thirty miles from the beltway. It actually made him closer to work, and neither of us wanted to raise a child while living in an apartment in the middle of the state capitol. We were finally seriously discussing children after being married for eight years. I guess it was because we had had the long vacations in exotic places that parents never get to have, and we had fucked on the kitchen cabinets and the middle of the livingroom on Wednesday afternoons like parents seldom can. We were just ready to move on, I guess. Combined with the fact that four elementary school teachers had been assualted by students in the city district in the last year, and I wanted to look for a job in a smaller school.

We selected the old farmhouse because it had a huge garage where my husband could play with his power tools and park his motorcycle in out of the rain, and it had a pool... And it was three miles through thick woods to the nearest neighbor or road. Privacy is just not something you ever really get in a small apartment on the fifth floor of an apartment building right in the middle of the city. The home was a little above our price range, what with the 250 acres of property that came with it, but I got Peter to agree to it by casually mentioning that I'd be able to sunbathe nude by the pool. "Just think of all the money I'll save on tanning bed visits alone!" I had said innocently. I don't like manipulating him like that, but sometimes a girl has to do what a girl has to do.

The place definitely needed work. New plumbing and a new furnace, more insulation in the walls and ceiling, and more than a few windows were older than my grandparents, but we bought it. Peter made the trip to the place every day after work to work on the plumbing and windows, and I spent all my days at the house cleaning, shampooing carpets and tearing out the plaster in the master bedroom getting it ready to insulate the walls. Now, while working on the house all day, I thought it might have been a good thing that I had decided to take a year off after college before I started my career teaching.

As the lease wouldn't be up on our apartment for another two months, we stayed at the apartment to make it easier to do the work on the house.

Most days my friend Becky came along with me to help out with the work. Becky was tall and even though she was a little bit pudgy, I still found myself jealous of the way Peter sometimes looked at her. I knew there was nothing to it, I knew neither Peter or Becky would ever do anything to hurt me, but I was still a little insecure about the times I caught Peter looking at Becky's rather large tits.

About a week into the job Becky and I had finished tearing out the old plaster and lath boards from the walls of the master bedroom and took Peter's old truck to the huge hardware warehouse just inside the beltway to pick up the rolls of pink insulation to put in the walls.

"Wow, look over there," Becky pointed across the street from the warehouse.

Behind a small gravel parking lot was a small white building with a huge sign that read "XXX ADULT XXX", surrounded by blinking lights.

"Oh lord, I hope Peter doesn't see that place. He'll constantly be bringing home pornos for us to watch if he does," I sighed.

"Oh, what's wrong with a little porno now and then?" Becky said with a laugh.

"Once in a while is fine. But three times a week, and it gets old. Besides he always gets the ones with two women going at it," I said with a frown.

"Cathy, all of them have two women going at it.. If not three or four."

"You the expert on porno now or something?" I asked her.

"No. But my boyfriend has a huge collection of prono tapes. We watch them alot," Becky said, nodding and smiling.

"You sound like you liked doing that!"

"I do like it. Some of the best sex happened while we were watching pornos," Becky responded defensively. "You know he'll find the place. Men have a special sense for that kind of thing. So here's what you do - beat him to the punch! You go over there and pick up a couple movies! Make a game out of it. That way you get to control what the two of you watch, and he'll be happy."

"I don't know. That just kind of seems like giving in to me."

"Giving in? No, it's being smart."

"Well, let's go buy the insulation and I'll think about it." I countered. Her arguement made sense, but I still didn't like it.

We got one of the huge carts and found the rolls of insulation and loaded them onto the truck. And a half hour later, we were standing back out in the parking lot looking at the big blinking "XXX ADULT XXX" sign.

"So....?" Becky asked.

If I didn't go choose them, I knew Peter would, and I'd be watching lesbo sluts with silicone boobs sticking their tongues in each other. "Okay, let's go. Hopefully they'll have something decent."

"They're a porn shop! Of course they won't have anything decent!" Becky laughed.

The place surprised me. It was very new, and clean. All the books were bagged in plastic, and the movies weren't really that expensive. The most shocking thing in the place was the girl that sat behind the counter. She looked all of twenty, her hair was blue with black streaks and she had a diamond stud in her right nostril. But more shocking than that, she looked up as Becky and I came into the shop and said in a very polite tone, "Can I help you?"

I smiled and didn't realise I was wringing the strap of my purse. "I hope so. I just noticed your shop here, and wanted to stop in and pick up a couple movies," I said quietly.

"Well, we've got plenty," She came out from behind the counter, and I almost gasped when I saw what she was wearing: a loose black lace tanktop that showed more than it hid and a pair of vinyl shorts that appeared to be painted on. Her pierced nipples stuck out between the lace.

Before I could stop myself, I asked, "Did getting your nipples pierced hurt?"

The blue-haired girl laughed. I stared dumfounded at her as she lifted the lace top over her head and showed Becky and I her B-cup breasts. Each nipple was adorned with a small silver ring. "Well, honestly it hurt a little," She said, while fingering the rings, "but the worst part is that I constantly have hard nipples now. But it's nice to have the rings played with." She lifted and twisted one of the rings, giving her nipple a painful-looking twist. "The one in my clit is better. It hurt worse, but I love it now. Want to see it?" She hooked her thumbs in her shorts and started to shimmy out of them. In less than a heartbeat she had her shaved pussy exposed. Right there between her labia sat a small metal ball. She parted her labia and showed us a metal stud that ran through a small hole in her clit. "This one really did hurt, but good lord, it makes oral so much better," she gave the little metal ball a tap and it bounced slightly, making her shiver. "I'm a liscened tattoo artist and piercer. We can do piercings like this right here. Interested?"

I couldn't speak. I was just too shocked. I just shook my head.

"Anyway, you wanted movies?" The blue-haired girl pulled up her vinyl shorts but left her tits bare. "Any prefrences? We have just about everything. Toys, just oral, guys or no guys... What kind do you want?"

"Do you have anything without lesbian scenes?" I asked in a small, squeaking voice.

"Oh god, you mean... You two aren't...? You two aren't a couple?" She asked, covering her breasts with her arms.

"No, we're just friends," Becky said, trying not to laugh.

"I'm so sorry!" She said, "When you two came in together, I just figured you were a couple." She nearly ran back to the counter, grabbed a white and red T-shirt and quickly pulled it on.

"No. Sorry. We're both straight," I said, trying not to laugh myself.

"I didn't... Oh fuck, this is so embarassing!" She said, slowly walking back from the counter.

"Don't worry about it. Nobody's been hurt." I said, chuckling.

"Anyway, you wanted movies with no girl-girl scenes?"

I nodded.

"Well, that's about all I watch. Let me check John's reccomendation list. John is the weekend guy here. He watches movies constantly, and he keeps track of each one, so we can make reccomendations." She turned back to the counter and pecked on the computer a little.

After some typing and reading, she looked up from the screen at me and asked, "I've got one that John reviewed. He complains because there's no `lesbo scene' as he puts it, but does give it high marks because it's got some anal in it. I'm sure we've got more that don't have any rug-munching in it," She laughed nervously, "but we've only been open a week, so John hasn't got to watch many of the movies."

Peter and I had tried anal sex a couple times, and to be honest, I liked it more than I let on. If he got any ideas about sticking hick cock up my ass from watching the movie, I suppose letting him do it a couple times wouldn't be bad.

"Let's see," The blue-haired girl walked past us and to one of the movie shelves. She looked up and down it, and finally selected one. She walked back behind the counter and took the movie from the case. She slid it into a DVD player hooked up to a tiny television and pushed play on the remote. 

Seconds later, the image of a large man ramming a monster cock into a small oriental woman filled the little screen. "Ick! Hairy back!" The blue-haired girl said, making a face. She hit the fast-forward button and we watched as the two fucked at warp speed. After a few seconds, the guy pulled out of the woman and flipped her over and none-too-gently slid his dick in her ass. The girl at the counter hit the play button and we watched for several minutes as he pistoned his dick in and out of her butt. Finally, he pulled out, stroked his cock a few times, and covered her ass and back with huge globs of pearly sperm.

"Ughh!" The blue-haired girl made a face and looked at me. "Are you sure you don't want an all-girl movie? Hairy backs and cum showers are just nasty!"

I laughed, "No - this one will be fine. I'll take it, and... Well... do you have any lube that would be good for...well...anal?"

She smiled, walked across the shop to a wall covered in dildos and vibrators. In a little bin at the base of the wall were bottles of lube, "Fruity flavored or non-flavored?"

"Non-flavored, please," I said.

Becky leaned close to my ear, "You're going to let Peter fuck you in the ass?" she whispered.

"We've done it several times. It's no so bad. Peter isn't the largest guy I've been with, so it's not like on the movie..." I whispered back.

"Cathy! You nasty thing!" Becky said, with a wicked grin.

The girl rang up the total, and I paid her in cash. "By the way, My name is Frankie," the blue-haired girl said. "And I'm really sorry for stripping naked in front of you."

"That's okay. I've never seen a pierced clit in person before," Becky said with a chuckle. "My name is Becky, and this is Cathy."

"Glad to meet you," Frankie held out her hand to us, and we both took turns shaking hands with her.

"So, Frankie, does...uhm...does the piercing really make oral sex better?" Becky asked with a dumb smile on her face.

"It's SOOOO much better. One or two licks sends me over the edge. Sometimes all Jessie has to do is wiggle it once or twice with her tongue, and I'm cumming like crazy," Frankie said, closing her eyes and trembling a little.

"Well, we should probably get going," I said. 

"Yeah, we've got insulation to put up," Becky said.

"I'll put John to work on watching more movies - not that he'll mind - and keeping an eye open for your kind of movies," Frankie said with a smile. Then she added, "And Becky, if you change your mind on the piercing, they aren't all that expensive and we can do it in about twenty minutes."

Becky winced, smiled, and said "I'll keep that in mind."

Becky and I left, and when we got back to the truck both of us burst out laughing. Just as the fit subsided and I started the truck, Becky said, "When she first said her name, I thought she said "..my name is `Frankenpussy'!" And that just started us laughing all over again.

A few minutes later we left for the farmhouse to finish hanging the insulation.

That evening after dinner, I put the DVD in without telling Peter what it was, selected the scene while he was still in the kitchen getting us two glasses of wine. I muted the TV, played the scene with the hairy-backed stud pounding away on the little asian woman, closed the blinds of our apartment front window and stripped off my blouse and bra.

Peter almost dropped the glasses when he came into the living room and saw my bare tits. I took my glass from him and drained it in one swallow. Then I unbuttoned his slacks and pulled them down.

"You just sit down and enjoy the movie," I said, pulling down his briefs and taking his dick in my hand. He sat on the couch next to me, and I gave him a quick kiss. Then I leaned over and took his cock in my mouth. He groaned loudly, and I went very slowly, to keep him from cumming. I kept one eye on the big screen TV and a couple of minutes before the couple on screen changed positions, I stood up, pulled down my shorts and took the bottle of lube from the pocket. I put a generous handful on his penis and kissed him deeply.

"Time for me to take it in the ass," I said with a smile. Peter's eyes nearly fell out of his head, he was so shocked. I leaned over the arm of the recliner, turned and looked him in the eye, "Well, are you going to give me an ass fucking or just sit there?"

Peter nearly jumped off the sofa and ran to me. But thankfully, he was very gentle guiding his cock up my butt. Pretty soon he was matching the hairy stud on screen, pounding my ass for all he was worth. I slipped a hand under me and began rubbing my clit furiously. With the pressure in my ass, and my fingers rubbing and tugging at my little nubbin, I was seconds from coming. And right then, all I could think about was how cute Frankie's pussy looked, with no hair and that little steel ball sitting on top of her clit. And the way it bounced when she tapped it...

I came screaming. My cunt was on fire! Suddenly I could feel Peter pull out of my ass and then there was hot, wet cum raining down my my back and ass - just like the little asian girl in the movie.

Unlike the movie, before Peter was done milking his dick, I pulled him back over to the sofa. I sat down and pulled on him till he knelt in front of me. "Now, eat me. I think I earned a good long one," I grabbed him by the hair and pulled his face into my sopping wet pussy. Though Peter is no master at the art of licking clit, he's no slouch either. The one thing he has going for him is enthusiasm. He really seems to like it.

Leaning back, I enjoyed his mouth at my cunt for the rest of the movie. It wasn't that bad as pornos go. There was lots of guys with enormous dicks, fucking women in all positions - and Frankie was right, there were no lesbians with their tongues in each other.

One week later found Becky and I back at the hardware warehouse, buying drywall and drywall compound to cover our insulation job. I also picked up some pool supplies and chemicals, hoping to get the pool ready before we ran out of summer.

"So, how'd the porno movie go over with Peter?" Becky asked me as we loaded the last of the drywall panels into the truck.

"Pretty good," I said, smiling.

"Did you let him...y'know?"

"...Fuck me in the ass?" I offered.

"Yeah," Becky said with a smile.

"Nope. I didn't `let' him. I made him do it. Then I made him eat me through the rest of the movie. He was pretty happy about the whole thing." I said with a smile.

"When did you get so nasty!?" Becky said, slapping me playfully on the thigh.

"Hey! This was your idea. I just ran with it!" I said, laughing.

I began walking towards the Adult shop and Becky shouted, "Where are you going?"

"I need another movie. We've watched that one three times already," I said back.

"You're adicted!" Becky laughed and caught up with me.

This time Frankie was wearing a white tube top and mini-skirt that just barely covered her crotch. I could plainly see the nipple-rings outlined against the tight spandex top. She had her blue hair up in two pigtails, and had a lollipop in her mouth. When She look up at us and smiled, it was just too much.

"You are about the trashiest thing I've seen in my life!" I said with a smile.

"Thanks!" Frankie said, and blew me a kiss. "So how'd the movie go over?"

"It was great! I wanted to stop in an get another one."

"She's hooked. She needs another hit," Becky said, miming smoking a doobie.

"Well, I've got bad news then. John quit. He moved to Florida. He was offered a job by some famous tattoo studio down in Daytona, and said he couldn't pass it up. So, no new movies got reviewed," Frankie said apologetically.

"Well... No problem. I'll just look around and pick one." I started looking through the boxes. After a few minutes I selected a disc with a vampire on the cover and took it up to the counter.

"You won't like this one," Frankie said with a smile. "Any porno with vampires in it guarantees at least three scenes of girl-girl fucking."

"Is that a rule or something?"

"Pretty much, yeah."

Becky walked over to the counter, holding a huge rubber...I don't know what the fuck it was. It was somewhat less than 2 feet long, with large round bulges up and down it's length...and asked, "What's this for?"

Frankie laughed and took it from her. "It's a double ended dildo. It's a whole lot better than the old smooth kind. Each time one of those bulges goes in or comes out....ohhhhh, it's so nice. You two do know what a double ended dildo is for, right?"

"Yes, oh wise Mistress of all Naughtiness, we know what a double-dildo is for," Becky said, taking the thing from her.

I looked at my watch and saw that Peter would be at the house very soon. "Oh, Frankie, just go ahead and ring this vampire movie up. I'm running late."

"Alright," Frankie said with a smile, and swiped the bar-code. I handed the little blue-haired slut my money and nearly ran to the truck.

As soon as Becky had the seatbelt buckled over her, I had the truck rolling.

That night, I sent Peter in for a couple of glasses of wine, and once more stripped to the waist and put in a porno. He came into the little living room of our apartment with a big smile and joined me on the sofa.

"You were really good last week," I said, taking my glass of wine and laying my other hand on his hardening cock. "You are like - the world champion of pussy eaters," I said with a smile as I unbuckled his belt and unzipped his pants. "Do you know what World Champion Pussy Eaters get?" I asked him as I stood up and pulled his pants down to his ankles.

"No. What do we get?" Peter asked.

"Blowjobs from World Champion Cocksuckers," I said and pulled down his briefs. "With cum swallowing and all," I said with a smile, letting his dick press into my cleavage. I lowered my head and took him in my mouth. Slowly, I gave him the best blowjob I could, wanting it to last most of the movie. But about fifteen minutes into the movie, Peter began groaning and lifting his hips to match my strokes. I could tell he really wanted it, so I sucked hard and fast, running my lips and tongue over every inch of his cock. I swirled my tongue over the head and around the shaft. Then I took his dick all the way in, till my nose was buried in his pubic hair. His hot, thick sperm shot into my mouth almost too fast for me to swallow. While gulping his sperm, I heard moaning from the TV, moaning from him and I was making a little noise myself. When his sperm stopped squirting, I looked up from his dick into his smiling face and said, "While you're recovering, I think I'll sit back on the sofa and masturbate." His eyes widened in shock as I stood up, stripped off my shorts and panties and sat down on the end of the sofa.
