 "Damn. Roy just got called out of town for business, so we are off for tomorrow night". 

I was sitting at my desk at home, going over some messages on the computer, when I got Roy's e-mail. He traveled a lot for business, and sometimes had things come up on short notice.

"Well, we can still have fun without Roy, you know", responded my husband, Mark.

He was right of course. And we would have some fun, too!

It had been a couple of weeks since our first experience inviting another person into our relationship. That had been our evening with Brian, and it was absolutely wonderful. In fact, it went so well, its like we turned the corner from "just curious and talking about it" to "seasoned and experienced" in one night.

The weeks since had been fantastic. Our night with Brian truly had the effect of bringing us closer together. I don't know if it was the realization of the trust that we were sharing, or the fact that it made me feel so sexy knowing that there was another man out there who was genuinely horny for me, or maybe it was the way it brought out the excitement in Mark seeing me having sex with Brian.

Who knows. All I know is we have been having sex at least every day since, sometimes more. And with a sense of energy and excitement that we haven't had in years. We replay that evening in our "sex talk" all the time. We like to tell each other how much the various things we did turned us on.

And I've enjoyed a tremendous improvement in my own sexual response. It had gotten to where I was having trouble reaching orgasm. Not anymore. Now, I enjoy several each time we make love. I noticed it in the quality of Mark's erections too. Over the last few years he seemed to loose a certain measure of intensity. Now, its like he is 18 again!

So, we had done our threesome and it was a success. What now?

Well, the plan was to have another. This time with Roy. Back when I was searching on-line for men to bring into our threesomes, I had things narrowed down to Brian and Roy. For schedule reasons, we managed to get together with Brian first. And you already know how well that turned out.

So, here it was Thursday afternoon and Roy had been called out of town. 

"We could e-mail Brian and see if he is available", I offered. I was a little nervous about suggesting this. The past two weeks had certainly proved the point that I enjoyed having sex with Mark alone, but I was still concerned that if I showed too much interest in Brian, Mark would get jealous.

This was one of those things I didn't really think about: Once we broke the ice, what are the rules? How often do we bring in a third person? Who decides when? We were just playing this by ear, and I wanted to make sure Mark was still in the same place I was.

"That sounds like a good idea. Want to do it like last time?" Mark replied. By the tone of his voice I could tell that he was genuinely comfortable and at-ease with the idea. I realized I had been worrying for nothing.

"I guess so. Do you think it makes sense to do dinner again? I'm thinking maybe you and I could do dinner ourselves, and then meet up with Brian afterwards. What do you think?", I replied.

"Well, I guess we could ask Brian and see what he says", Mark replied. "On the one hand, I like your idea. It sounds like fun. On the other hand, I wonder if Brian isn't going to feel a little used. I don't want him to think we aren't interested in being friendly with him."

This was another one of those areas where we were in new territory for us. We both liked Brian, but we've never had this kind of relationship before. For each of us, when you get right down to it, Brian was a "fuck buddy". I certainly didn't have any expectations or desire for a relationship outside of our threesomes. I don't think Mark did either. But it also seemed a little crass to just show up and have sex with him. Even though this was a very new (to us at least) kind of relationship, and even though everyone had a pretty good idea of what was going on, it still felt a little un-natural to just abandon all of the traditional sexual protocols. 

"Why don't we do that. You and I can go out to dinner first, and then if it seems like the right thing to do, the three of us can go out for drinks afterward" I said. 

"Perfect", Mark replied. 

So, having spent all that time working out the details, we still had to see if Brian was even available. I shot him an e-mail, seeing if he was able to come to town either tomorrow night or Saturday.

As I was doing that, I noticed Mark's cock pressing up against my back! He had slipped out of his clothes and was standing behind me with a full erection that was making itself quite evident. I spun around on my stool and gently grabbed his cock. 

"Mmmm...feels good" I told him.

Another positive side effect of this whole process is that Mark and I had started going back to the gym. Like most people, we would let that slide far too often. But I guess the energy of our new sexual "awakening" had us both motivated. And on Mark it was already starting to show. His waist was a little narrower and his arms and shoulders were looking a little more pumped up. He looked good.

I slid to my knees and took his cock in my mouth. It felt fantastic. I grabbed the base of his cock with my hand, and gently sucked him, in and out, while pumping with my hand. 

"Easy!", he said, "I'm getting pretty excited here!"

"That's the idea", I mumbled, trying to talk with a mouthfull of cock.

This was something else I wouldn't have done before: Given him a simple blowjob with no strings attached. Somehow, I had developed the idea that orgasms had to come in matched pairs. Well, that had changed. Now, I felt like I was swimming in a sea of orgasms. I no longer felt like I had to match Mark one for one. In fact, if it was matched orgasms we were after, Mark wouldn't be able to keep up!

No, it was more about the pure pleasure of sex. So I sucked him and played with his cock and massaged his balls until I felt them tense up and with one final spasm his cock unloaded its wonderful reward into my mouth. I kept his cock in my mouth, very gently sucking the last few drops from him. I didn't want to overstimulate the head of his cock, but I didn't want to let him go either!

Just then the computer chimed with the alert of incoming mail! I felt that flutter again, wondering if that was Brian replying to us. I clicked on the inbox icon, and there it was: Brian was available Saturday night!

A few more e-mails and we had it all set up. He was going to get a room at the same hotel as our first time, and then send a text with the room number to Mark's phone. We would join him there after dinner, but we promised not to be too late since we didn't want everyone being too tired at the end of the day.

Later that night, Mark and I had another torrid session. And the same thing on Friday. I don't know how long this is going to last, but right now we are like kids again!

On Saturday Mark and I went to a different restaurant than the three of us had gone to two weeks before. Part of it was wanting to keep things fresh. The other part of it was that we were just in the mood for something different. 

Dinner was just bubbling with excitement. It was a different kind of excitement than the last time. Before, it was thrilling because we didn't know what was coming. This time, it was thrilling because we DID know. Mark and I were making total fools out of ourselves, cuddling and giggling together in our wrap-around booth. I don't know if the staff thought we were cute or annoying. We didn't care. We were having a great time.

After Mark paid and the waiter brought the change, there was another one of those moments. The moment when you realize this is REAL, not just some game. We were about to walk over to Brian's hotel again.

"Are you sure you're ok with this?" Mark asked.

"Absolutely", I replied, "but I'd be lying if I didn't say I feel nervous. Not like last time, either. It's different this time. I'm not sure why."

"I know what you mean", Mark said. "I think it's that the first time, it was all about the newness and the novelty. Now, we are working our way toward figuring out if this whole thing was a brief period in our lives, or if this is the kind of thing we might do regularly."

"I guess that's it", I replied. "What do you think?"

"I really don't know", Mark replied. "All I can say is I want to keep taking this one step at a time. As long as each step feels comfortable, then I am fine. But if it stops being like that, we can pull the plug."

"That seems right to me, too" I replied. 

With that, we made our way over to the hotel. It was a lovely evening, and the walk was very pleasant. There were lots of people around at the shops and restaurants. I felt very relaxed.

We arrived at Brian's door, and exchanged a quick glance. "Last chance to bail out" we seemed to be saying to each other. But we didn't. In fact, we both reached to knock at the same instant. That gave us a chuckle. 

Brian answered to door. Just as it was opening, I had a flash of fear...he wouldn't do something tacky like answer wearing only a bathrobe or some ridiculous leopard print briefs or, worst of all, naked! "Please don't let that happen" I thought as the door swung open...

And there he was, wearing Dockers and a dress shirt and a tie that he had pulled loose a little. Whew! He had a beer in his hand and invited us in.

"Great to see you guys again" he said. "How was dinner?"

"Just wonderful" Mark replied. "Hope you haven't been waiting here too long."

"Not at all" Brian said. "I've been here maybe an hour. Just enough time to unwind from a long week. I needed a few minutes to relax."

"By the way" he continued, "I hope you noticed that I've spared no expense tonight. This is the 'Presidential Suite'"

I had wondered when we walked in what was going on. This wasn't like a regular hotel room at all. We walked in to what appeared to be a very nice living room, with no bed in sight. 

"Let me give you the tour" Brian said.

"Lead the way" replied Mark.

Brian showed us around. Thee was a fully stocked bar, a lovely sitting area off the bedroom, an enormous king-size bed, and best of all...

"I took the liberty of filling the hot tub. I thought you guys might like giving this a try" Brian said.

"Awesome!" I exclaimed. The spa was huge, easily big enough for five or six people. I could see us having a lot of fun in there.

"Thank you, Brian" I said as I turned to give him a hug. "I appreciate you making the effort to make this special for us". 

With that I gave him a gentle kiss. To which he responded. Then I slightly opened my mouth and felt his tongue on mine as we let our passion build.

We held that kiss for a few moments, and then I turned to Mark and kissed him too. I whispered how much I loved him as we continued our embrace. I felt so close to him and so in love. We kept kissing and groping each other like teenagers!

While we were in our embrace, Brian was taking the cue to start getting the room ready. Like last time, he had placed candles around the room and was going around and lighting them. I noticed that he took the trouble to buy all new candles. It made me feel good that he made that extra effort. 

With the candles lit and the lights turned down, Brian came over and joined Mark and I. He placed his had on my ass and I felt a powerful shudder run through me. I couldn't believe how exciting this was. He reached up underneath my dress and was rubbing my bare ass, with each stroke getting closer and closer to my pussy. As this was going on, Mark had pulled my dress off my shoulders and was sucking on my nipples. It was wonderful, having these two men going over me.

I felt mark pull aside my panties and gently press a finger against my clit. That was all it took to push me over the edge. I nearly fell to my knees as a powerful orgasm washed over me.

"Oh, God!" I cried. "That was amazing! I need a moment."

I sat down on the edge of the tub to compose myself. As I did, Mark and Brian both quickly pulled off their clothes. The result was truly surreal. Here I was, technically still wearing my dress, with two naked men with full erections in front of me. I felt a smile come over my face, and enjoyed watching as Mark and Brian both smiled back.

"Guys, I'm curious" I said. "Do you feel at all weird or awkward standing there naked, with your cocks at full attention, in front of each other?"

The truth is, Mark and I had already talked about this. I was mainly curious what Brian would say.

"Go ahead, Brian" Mark said. "What do you think?"

"Well, I guess I don't think about it like that so much" Brian replied. "To me, this is just a very exciting situation and I am very much looking forward to fucking you!"

At that, I think Brian realized he might have crossed a line somehow and quickly looked at Mark to see his expression. Mark sensed it and sought to put Brian at ease.

"Don't worry, bud" Mark said. "I get it. It's hard to know what the rules are. Anywhere else, if some guy came up and said how much he wanted to fuck my wife, I'd pop him. Or at least take Cathy and leave. But under the circumstances, it's hard to see how you could say anything else right now! And beside that, I know it turns Cathy on knowing that you are hot for her."

"Yes, it does!" I replied. "Come on, guys. Why don't you two get in the tub for me."

So Mark and Brian climbed into the tub, and were sitting there watching me as I let my dress drop to the floor and peeled off my bra and panties. I heard Brian let out a little whistle of approval as I stood there naked in front of them. It made me feel good knowing that he was getting comfortable and relaxed with us to be himself.

I stepped into the tub, and decided to have a little fun with the guys. 

"Ooohhh, this water is soooo nice" I cooed, as I took my hands and rubbed my breasts and nipples. "It makes me feel so good having all this hot water all over my body!"

Even though I was half goofing off, I could tell the guys were about ready to burst. Mark kept licking his lips, and Brian reached down and started to play with his cock. That was another new thing, one that hadn't occurred to me in all the talking and fantasizing about threesomes: The thrill of watching another man masturbate. Some times Mark and I will do that together, and I always love watching him jerk off. Now I get to see Brian too!

"Ohhh, that looks nice" I said to Brian. In an instant he stopped. I think he was a little embarrassed. I don't think he thought much about what he was doing. It was just a natural reaction to the situation.

"Don't stop" I said. "Its ok. In fact, I want to watch."

Brian was a little hesitant at first. He glanced nervously at Mark, who was sitting there I think enjoying watching Brian suffer through the embarrassing situation. So, I took Brian's hand and put it on his cock for him, then I started stroking it with him. Eventually, he had his hand around his cock and was gently pulling on it, while I was massaging his balls. 

All of this was going on under water, of course, and I wanted a better view.

"Sit up on the edge so I can see you better" I said.

With that, Brian pushed himself up on the edge of the tub and resumed his masturbation. It was thrilling to watch as he pulled and tugged on his cock, which was hard as a stone. I positioned myself right in front of him so I could see everything.

Then I felt Mark grabbing my ass. He pulled me up, so I ended up on all fours. His cock slid easily into my pussy and he started stroking, in and out. I looked up and made eye contact with Brian, who was staring down at me, watching me watch him jerk off. His cock was only inches from my face, and I kept licking my lips knowing how good it was. There was a big drop of pre-cum forming on the end. I took my finger and touched it, then touched my finger to my lips.

"Mmmm, that is delicious" I said.

Brian clearly appreciated that, as his strokes got more vigorous. At the same time, Mark was steadily pounding me doggy style. The water was splashing as he rammed each stroke home. 

Brian popped first. I saw his balls pull in really tight and he tilted his head back and let out a low groan as his semen shot from his penis. Just like last week, his first load of the night was a monster. Only this time I took the whole thing right in my face. There were three really good spurts before he was drained, and each one hit me in the cheek or in the eye! I've never been much for "facials", but I have to say that was thrilling. 

I don't know what it is about guys. Maybe there is some deep rooted evolutionary sperm competition thing that kicks in, but as soon as Brian came, so did Mark. And I could tell he had a huge load too. I felt it as it spurted into my pussy. 

"Wow!" Mark said. "That was awesome!"

"Cathy, I hope you don't mind me coming on your face" Brian said. "I got a little carried away I guess. I should have asked first."

"Not at all" I replied. I knew what we were doing. It was a thrill for me too!".

I reached down and cupped some water in my hands and washed off my face. The three of us nestled into the tub for a very relaxing afterglow. I was in the middle, each guy was snuggling up against me. I was the meat in a man-sandwich! 

There was something really different about this time than the time two weeks before. We were all much more relaxed this time. No one was in a hurry. It was all very easy-going. 

We dozed in the tub for maybe half an hour. Eventually, Brian decided he was hungry, stepped out of the tub and started to towel off.

"I think I'm going to order some room service. Do you guys want anything?"

"What do you think, hun?" Mark asked. It made me feel really special having him call me "hun" in front of Brian. I wonder why that is.

"Maybe a little desert!" I said. "I'm always up for chocolate!"

"You got it!" Brian replied, then turned to walk to the bedroom to call in the order. I got a nice look at his ass as he walked away. He looked great. I was going to enjoy the rest of our night! 

Mark and I got out and toweled off too. I took a few minutes to put my hair up as well. There were robes in the bathroom (this was the Presidential Suite, after all) so we each put one on and went into the bedroom. 

Brian had taken a soda from the mini bar and was sitting, naked, on one of the recliners in the room. A smile passed over my lips seeing him like that. 

"They said we have about 45 minutes until the food gets here" Brian said.

"Perfect!" I said. And with that I dropped my robe to the floor, walked over to Brian, knelt down and took his cock in my mouth. I love it when a guy starts out soft and then gets hard as I am sucking on him, and Brian's cock was stiffening nicely. Once he was good and ready, I stood up and walked to the bed.

"I've been thinking about that cock for two weeks!" I said. Technically, that wasn't true. I'm not exactly cock-obsessed. But I figured guys love it when women are into their cocks, so why not give Brian a little thrill?!

Brian quickly pulled on a condom and came over and stood in front of me. I grabbed his cock with one hand and his balls with the other and gave each a good squeeze. He was rock hard! I laid back on the bed, and Brian quickly positioned himself on top of me and slid his cock inside. This was really special. Two weeks ago, it was the first time I had had another man inside of me for over 15 years. This time, it was special in a different way. I don't know how to describe it other than I felt very comfortable with Brian and enjoyed having him thrusting in and out of me.

While this was going on, Mark had developed a strong hard-on of his own. 

"Come over here and let me have some of that" I said. 
