 Plan for Situational circumstances

I am a happily married 29 year old Caucasian male. I am fit and clean cut. I'm decent with my tool of a bit over 6" and a 1 1/2" girth but my cock when erect bends to the left. I have always been a bit insecure of my sex tool but that has never stopped my desire for sexual encounters. 
     My wife is a beautiful 26 year old Hispanic woman. A little shorter then me but well proportioned. She has a gorgeous smile with plump lips around a smaller than average mouth. The big brown eyes attribute to her well manicured dark brown hair with blond highlights that goes about 10" below her shoulders. She has a decent bust at a 38c and her ass bubbles out and grabs attention. 
    We have always had a great sex life and she can never get enough. Before we were together, we worked with one another and I would go home and sometimes masturbate as I fantasized about her. Sex is never boring and we make sure to fuck at least three times a week. 

One day while at home with my wife, a conversation sparked up and we began naming a few people we thought were attractive. I carefully chose who I mentioned as to not create any problems. I mentioned a few actresses, a couple singers, and a woman we had briefly met while on vacation. She did about the same with the exception of the woman. She then asked if I thought any of her friends were attractive. I replied "not really, none of them are my type". (Although there are a couple I wouldn't mind exploring with).  I then asked her the same. 

She replied with the same denial. I could tell there was someone that caught her attention a little. So I began naming friends close to me and some people that work for me. As I went down the list, I mentioned Jose and she kinda stuttered with response so I pushed the issue. Finally she admitted she was attracted to him but the age gap and his maturity level weren't up to her par. 

        At this point I kinda felt bothered or even threatened as Jose was a 20 year old Hispanic male with a very nice young tone muscular body. He has a charm that gets to women and men and is very likable. But around my wife he is generally shy. After this talk with my wife, I seemed to notice more flirtation from my wife towards Jose or maybe it just stood out more. I always threatened to tell Jose about how my wife felt but never intended anything more than a tease to my wife. 
     A few weeks later we were in bed and an erotic late night show came on and after a few moments my wife leaned over and pulled out my stick and began grasping it and my balls and massaging them erotically. Soon my cock was rock hard from her gentle hands and the adult show on the tv. 
     As she began to wrap her lips around the head of my dick and shove it down her throat I began to notice what was happening on the late night movie on tv. The couple on tv had invited a male friend to join them in a session of pleasure making. As I watched more and my wife started going to town on my throbbing cock with her tight mouth, I realized I was turned on by the idea of having someone else in the picture. Or at least to try. 
        After erupting in my wife's mouth as she swallowed every last bit, she began watching the show as well. When I got up to use the restroom I could tell she was getting into the show and quite possibly the idea of another person joining us in the bedroom. Neither of us ever mentioned this to another. 
      A few weeks passed and I had invited Jose over to help me with a few things in my yard and to stay for dinner. My wife decided to make homemade enchiladas which turned out to be Jose's favorite. We ended up drinking a bit too much and Jose had no reason to return home until after the weekend so he was to stay in our guest bedroom for a couple nights and continue to help me with a few more things around the yard and house. 
       After dinner my wife went to shower in our bedroom and I went in to check on her and get a glimpse of her sexy soaking wet hot body. As she showered she told me to play with myself. I pulled it out and rubbed my dick as she teased me from inside the shower until it was so hard I couldn't put it back in my pants. I left the bathroom and went out to the living room where Jose was, with my cock still hard but tucked into my pants. I could feel the pulsing bulge in my pants as I walked through the house. 
       When I got to the living room, Jose noticed my bulge and asked me if I had taken care of my wife while I was in there, jokingly of course. I laughed it off and continued to the couch to watch the movie. My wife was out of the shower and getting dressed in the bedroom as soon as she finished applying lotion to her smooth light brown skin. 
      When I left the room earlier, I didn't close the door all the way and there was about a 6 inch gap allowing most of the room to be seen from a certain point. Jose got up to grab another beer from the kitchen and asked me if I wanted one. He passed my bedroom where my wife was and noticed the cracked door with a hot naked woman wearing only baby blue lacy hipster panties. He saw a glimpse but then walked passed as to not make it obvious. 
      Somehow he found a spot in the kitchen that he could see through the ajar door and most of my wife. I could see a bit of him looking in that direction and began to wonder. So I sneakingly moved from the living room to get a better look at what Jose was doing. I saw him checking out my wife with his hand rubbing his cock from outside his pants. His dick began to create a bulge. For some reason I was almost aroused by this and decided to let him continue for about another minute or so before I asked him how the beer was coming. 
        He quickly came out of the kitchen and went directly into the guest bathroom almost without words. I had a feeling of what he was doing. But as my wife came from my room in her baby blue lace nightgown covered by her oversized robe, Jose quickly exited the bathroom. We all sat in the living room watching television.  
      I began quietly teasing my wife about her choice of attire and we began to chuckle and giggle a bit. Jose heard and asked if we were making fun of him and I told him no but of my wife's pajama selection for the evening. He seemed to be curious so I opened her robe a little to reveal the middle of her lingerie showing from her waist to her neck  and giving a little peep at the I side half of both of her breasts. I noticed this caught his attention and made my wife blush a bit. 
      After a few, I began to kiss my wife and I slowly moved her hand to my pants close to my cock. I pulled a small blanket over the two of us and she began to unzip my pants and place her hand on my rising cock. I started to rub her inner thighs and was creeping up towards her lips between her legs. When my fingers made contact with her clitoris, she let out a quiet gasp. She then pulled my cock out of my pants and began stroking it under the blanket smoothly but intensely. As I rubbed her moistening pussy, she started kissing my neck passionately. All this while Jose sat on the couch adjacent to us without a clue. 
        The thought of him being there enticed us both and made it that much more intense. My wife then slowly leaned down to my clock with her mouth and was now laying on the couch with her head in my lap and my hand between her legs. As she put her head under the blanket she began to kiss my shaft gently followed by licking the head of my dick all the way down to the bottom of my balls and just above my asshole. She worked her way back up and began bobbing her head up and down with my stiff member inside her warm mouth. 
        My wife has always been so good at head that sometimes I can't keep my sounds of pleasure quiet. This was one of those times. I let out a moan and it caught Jose's attention but he quickly turned away and acted as though nothing was going on. Intrigued, he looked briefly again. And again. I could see his pants start rising as he would look over then away a few more times. 
      I pulled my wife up from my cock and quietly pointed out the bulge in Jose's pants to her. She giggled but seemed curious. She tried to hide her curiosity but it failed. I began to kiss her soft lips then down her neck. I kissed down the front of her chest while opening her robe exposing her baby blue lace nightgown. This nightgown didn't cover much. It was designed with many open areas in the fabric exposing most of her skin with only a bit behind the fabric.
     I opened her robe up more and began rubbing her tits as I kissed both sides of her neck then back down her chest. I sucked on each nipple through the gown as she sighed in pleasure. My hands slowly found their way to her legs and caressed them up from the calves to her outer thigh. One hand slipped between her legs onto her wet pussy. 
      I noticed we had almost full attention from Jose ask sat back up and my wife covered herself again. To break the ice, I turned the tv to a porn about threesomes while Jose got up to grab the next round of drinks. When he returned he seemed to be in shock. 
      As the movie played I asked Jose if he ever had a threesome before. He said he had with a buddy but it was a girl his age and they were pretty drunk so he didn't remember much. I then told him neither have we. I told him my wife said she had thought he was attractive and he became intrigued.  My wife began to blush as she admitted it. My wife leaned over to me and whispered in my ear "is this it? Are we going to do this? Are you sure you want this?"  I replied,"yes this is if you're ready and I want to do it to see you explode in pleasure and plus I figured if we do this with Jose now, we can later, and next time we will have to use one of your friends."  She hesitantly looked and me then agreed. 
       I quickly pulled the blanket off me and her exposing my cock a bit and showing her legs and her sexy lingerie nightie. She pulled my pants down off my legs and grasped my shaft and stroked as she kissed me. I told her to go over to him. She got up and walked to him. 
         He sat up in the sofa as she sat on his lap and began rubbing her ass on his cock trapped in his jeans. She leaned back and threw her arms backwards over her and he reached around and started caressing her tits and hard nipples. He began to kiss her shoulders and back of her neck as she continued rubbing her plump ass on his lap. He worked his hands down to her legs and was massaging her thighs when she looked over at me and gave me a look of pure pleasure as I watched her and stroked my rock hard cock. This was her fantasy coming true. 
    She stood up, turned around and got on her knees. She unzipped his jeans and pulled them down leaving only his briefs being stretched by what seemed to be a large piece of muscle. He removed his shirt as she ran her fingers down his chest to his waist then teasingly around his groin. 
        She told me to come over there as well and sit next to him. Ask sat next to him she removed his briefs leaving us both butt naked side by side and her in her nightie in front of us on her knees. Once his briefs were off it revealed a cock throbbing and pulsing about 8" long and around 2" thick. Her eyes lit up. 
     With a stiff rod in both hands she began jacking off both of us. She then shoved my cock in her mouth and started sucking so passionately I felt like I was gonna cum right then. With her mouth full of me she out both hands to work on Jose as he began moaning when she rolled his balls in one hand and stroked his big shaft in the other. 
   Within a few moments she withdrew my dick from her mouth and  went over to Jose's. She grabbed it with both hands and started stroking the shaft and caressing his scrotum as she kissed up and down the length of his cock, all over his balls and around the edge of his genital area. He began to quiver a bit. She then began licking all over his massive cock and eventually shoved it in her mouth. She began to bob up and down his cock with her mouth as she used both her hands on it as well. After a few she switched back to my throbbing cock then to his and back and forth for another 15 mins. 
     She then had us stand up and facing each other and she began sucking both dicks together and stroking both simultaneously. She stood us and began kissing both of us as we ran our hands all over her body. I sat her down on the sofa and removed her nightie leaving only her lace panties. Jose began to kiss her mouth and chest and caress and suck on her breasts and perky nipples while I spread her legs and began kissing her legs from her feet up to her inner upper thighs. 
      She grasped Jose's hot meat and began storing and sucking it as I slowly pressed my tongue to her pussy lips. As I began to indulge in her sweet juices she wrapped her feet around my aching cock and started jacking them off. Within moments she began to cum. She was cumming so hard she was screaming loud even with Jose's massive member shoved in her mouth. 
     As I continued I could hear jose moaning and saying he's gonna cum so she pulled his cock out and stroked it as he came on her chest. As she wiped it up she pushed me to the ground and sat on my face to perform 69 with her shoving my entire cock in her mouth, one band caressing my balls and the other rubbing the outside of my asshole. She began to cum again as Jose's cock came back to life. When I saw Jose rub I g his cock on the top of her ass I began to cum inside her mouth. I filled up her throat as she swallowed all of it. 
     Since my wife saw Jose's huge throbbing cock earlier in the evening, I knew she couldn't wait to have it inside of her.  Now that Jose's fuck stick was plump again, I knew it was time. The way my wife looked at his cock this time was almost as much in fear as it was in eagerness. Once Jose realized what was next his pole seemed to get bigger. 
     As my cock beats to my heartbeat resting at half mast, my wife lays Jose down on the floor and sits on his face facing me. She then takes my cock and balls and puts it in her mouth while both of her hands go around my waist and grasp my ass cheeks. Jose begins to lap up the pussy juices from my wife as she moans and chokes on my cock. My cock is right above Jose's face about 18 inches as he licks her and watches her make love you my dick with her mouth. She reaches behind her with one hand and grabs his cock to stroke. With her other hand she slowly creeps it between my legs and slides a finger to my asshole. Rubs around it as she sucks my pole and begins to slowly insert one finger to my surprise. Neither fully disgusted or turned on I go with it. 
      She begins to slide back towards Jose's huge ass cock pulling me with her until her mouth is above his cock and she dives down to it engulfing his rod and sliding her hands under him around to his ass cheeks. As she sucks his cock she slowly moves one hand between his legs, slides back to his asshole, rubs around it then inserts one finger as Jose moans in pure pleasure. 
       While still choking on Jose's manhood, my wife pushes her ass up in the air and says "come on daddy, you first, shove that fat cock inside me now." So I slide between the legs and shove my stick between her lips as she lets out a big moan still choking on the 8"er. As I'm thrusting, I slowly rub my hand around her asshole, lick my fingers, then slowly shove one in as I'm pounding her pussy doggy style and Jose's filling her mouth. She's starts yelling "oh my god, I'm coming, yes I'm coming, fuck yes daddy, I'm coming so fucking hard. Yes! Yes!" Then she relaxes. 
         After a minute she positions herself over Jose's pulsing fuck rod and slowly lowers down onto it. As she does they both begin to gasp and moan. She tries to take it all at once but has to go up then back down three times to take it all. As she begins to ride him and he grabs her perfect ass and rubs her tits, she puts my cock in her mouth and sucks and she rides. 
      My wife gets off of Jose and lays down on the floor on her back and beckons him to enter her missionary style. He lowers himself then slides in as he grabs her legs and puts them up by his chest and she  continues to stroke my member. My dick ends up in her mouth as she sucks it then pushes it out and pulls Jose's face to hers and shoves her tongue down his throat as they kiss passionately as he pounds her. 
      She gets up off the floor and sits me on the couch as she inserts my cock in her mouth one hand one my balls and the other creeps towards my asshole and finds a way in. She pulls Jose over and has him enter her doggy style. Once in she tells him harder, and harder. Now Jose's pounding g my wife from behind as she lifts her head up to mine and kisses me intensely as she begins to scream. 
    After she orgasms, she puts Jose back on the floor on his back and  she climbs on his thick juicy cock and inserts it the while way. Then she pulls me towards her ass and says she wants to be filled up with both at once. So she guides my cock to her asshole and tells me to spit on it and slip it in. It's so tight it takes a moment to get it started. Once I'm in she moans really loud. She begins the bounce up and down on Jose's cock and I start thrusting into her asshole. We get a rhythm going as Jose's shaft is filling my wife's pussy and I'm stuffing her asshole simultaneously she begins moaning and starts to cum as she screams out "Wow. I'm gonna cum. I'm gonna cum so hard. Oh my fucking god. Give it to me. This is the best fuck I've ever had. Fuck me damn it. Yes!!! Yes!!" She cums so hard Jose and I start pound harder. After about three mins of beating my wife's holes like we are releasing our anger, we both say we are about to cum and my wife says she is too and wants us to fill her up with our cum. We continue pumping as we all start moaning and her holes get tighter as Jose starts blasting his load inside her pussy and I begin exploding my juice into her tight asshole and she begins to scream in ecstasy. We all moan and groan as we all cum together. 
     Afterwards, we all relax where we are and catch our breath. After about 15 mins, my wife starts playing with both our cocks as we sit and talk about how great that was and what's on our list for next time.