 Work was slow and dull today, for some reason. I hated working double shifts on Fridays, I never got home before 9, and even then it was grabbing some dry toast and straight to bed, to sleep.

Still, I had a fruit salad for lunch that I'd picked up from the corner shop earlier. I'd been meaning to start eating a bit healthier, and I had liked the sound of the various fruits, so thought I'd give it a try.

I'd decided to eat outside today - it was nice out, and I thought I'd make the most of it. I'd elected to sit on a bench near the cenotaph in the town square, in the shade of a sycamore tree.

I took the plastic off the top of the pot, and unfolded the fork that has been provided, and stabbed a piece of pineapple. I loved pineapple, especially chilled pineapple.

As I masticated the chunk, something tasted decidedly...odd...about it. I elected to ignore it, putting it down to lack of refrigeration in the past few hours.

I chose a grape next, and stuck one of the fork's prongs through the stem hole, rather than trying to pierce the skin of the grape with the blunt plastic fork.

Again, as the grape split between my teeth, and the juice leaked onto my tongue, I again noted the unusual distaste the grape had attained.

I checked the rest of the fruit, and all seemed to be fine. There were some strawberries, pieces of kiwi fruit, and some slices of orange. The orange segment seemed to be misshapen - flatter, and longer than usual, and a deeper colour than it should have been.

My stomach turned, and I put the pot aside as a pressure built within my gullet. I was going to be sick!

I made a split second decision, and threw up in the shrubbery trough beside the bench. I felt awful. My head was aching, my insides were in flames.

I picked up the fruit salad pot, and hurled it into the bin on the other side of the bench. Last time I buy one of those!

When I returned to work, I still felt like I was about to be sick again. My headache hadn't improved, and my colleagues were becoming concerned.

Eventually, one of them called my boss over, and she sent me home. The same co-worker even offered to give me a lift (since I cycled to work every morning, he had to load my bike and helmet into the back seat).

As soon as I got home, I went to the medicine cabinet, swiped the box of paracetamols, and downed them with a glass of water, before plodding to my bedroom and falling face first into my pillow.

*****

I woke up, finding myself on the floor next to my bed, the covers wrapped around me. I'd fallen away from the door, and now found myself in the narrow space between the wall and my bed. I murmured, and glanced at the wall clock.

7:15

As I began to maintain consciousness, I yawned, and sighed gladly. I felt a lot better!

Still half asleep, I heard Alex and Natalie's faint voices from the living room. I slowly got up and silently draped the duvet back across the bed, and tiptoed to the door.

I peeked through, and saw the pair sat next to each other on the couch, watching a film on the TV. I also noted the empty wine bottle on the floor next to the couch, and the half-empty bottle on the coffee table.

I slowly and silently opened the door, trying not to make any noise, and slipped across to the bathroom, gently closing the door behind me.

I sighed. I hadn't been spotted. I moved to the toilet and relieved myself, making sure I didn't hit the water and make noise, and crept back to the door.

There was no sound in the other room any more. I carefully opened the door so that I could peek through, and saw that the TV was off, and heard gentle moaning sounds from the couch.

As I adjusted my positioning to see a bit better, I could see Alex and Natalie locked in a full on kiss, their hands stroking each others' backs, drawing around each others' shoulders, running through each others' hair.

I felt my cock start to harden as the girls started to undress each other, Natalie pulling off Alex's green long-sleeved boy shirt, Alex then removing Natalie's vest top, revealing their gorgeous breasts to the cool air.

They returned to kissing again, Natalie unclipping Alex's bra strap, breaking the kiss, removing it, and leaning down. The back of the couch obscured my vision, but I could just see the back of her head, so knew that she was suckling on Alex's nipples.

Alex let loose a moan of vain as Natalie pulled away, and started fumbling with something. Alex grinned and leaned back out of view.

After a few seconds, I heard the unmistakable sound of jeans hitting the floor. After a moment, Natalie's head disappeared from view, and Alex's leg replaced it over the back of the couch. Only one thing was going on: Natalie was eating her out! Alex started to moan in ecstasy, and I knew I had to see this!

I seized the opportunity and crept back across to my room, so I could get a better look at the girls. I closed the door enough so I could still get a generous view with little chance of being seen.

What I saw was incredible! Alex's hand was resting on the back of Natalie's head, and pushing it into her pussy, her eyes were closed as she moaned in her pleasure.

I reached down and readjusted myself in my pants, and quickly withdrew it. I wanted to join in so bad, but I didn't want to cum just yet.

Alex started to moan a bit louder, "Oooooh my god! Don't stop! Keep going! Oooooooooooh...." she started to buck her hips as Natalie kept devouring her pussy. A hand reached up and pushed down on Alex's hips to keep them still, thumb resting on her clit.

I saw Natalie's other hand sneak up towards Alex's cunt. She curled her ring finger into her hand, forming the shocker, and pushed her index and middle finger into Alex's pussy, and her little finger into her ass.

Alex's eyes snapped open and she let out a cry that made her sit up as Natalie started pumping her hand as she licked at her folds.

"OOOOOOH my fucking GOD!" Alex cried, her face starting to contort and scrunch up as a powerful orgasm welled within her. "yes...yes...YES...YES....OOOOOOOOOOOOOH FUUUUUUUCK!!!!!!"

Natalie pulled her head away, and Alex let loose a huge gush of cum in a jet that struck Natalie square in the chest. Alex bucked her hips about a foot in the air, and Natalie grabbed Alex's hips, and pulled her orgasming cunt to her face and she thrust her fingers deep down within, and lapped fericiously at her clit.

"GGG...GGGUAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH FUUUUUUUUCK!!!!!!" Alex shrieked as she came again, a huge jet of pussy fluid shooting out and spraying Natalie in the face. Natalie continued to finger and eat her, pushing Alex's hips forwards, making her spray herself in the face and tits!

As Alex began to calm down, and her orgasm subside, Natalie stood up and removed her bra, lifted it up to her face and took a deep sniff.

"Mmmmmmm...smells like you," she chuckled, before casually discarding it.

Alex was just lying on the couch, gasping and heaving for breath. Natalie laughed.

"So...how was your first time squirting?"

Alex managed to muster the strength to speak, "Un...real," she said, before slumping back down on the couch to regain her strength. Natalie giggled to herself.

She suddenly gasped and ran a finger up her stomach, catching some escaping pussy juice. "Mmmmmmmmm. I think I need to get cleaned up. I think I'll hop in the shower. Be back in a moment,"

Alex took a deep inhale and sighed in pleasure. Natalie turned to come towards the shower, her breathtaking breasts bouncing slightly with every step, her brunette hair cascading down her back, a couple of rogue locks falling down the front of her collar.

I knew I risked discovery, so slowly eased myself out of her line of sight, and hid behind the door as she padded past.

Listening eagerly, I didn't hear her footsteps transit from carpet to lino. I heard her first go into her own room, and after a moment, through the wall ajoining our two rooms, the scraping of plastic on wood rather high up. I guessed she was taking a box down from atop her wardrobe.

I seized the opportunity while Natalie replaced the box, and quickly darted from my hiding place to the bathroom opposite as quietly as I could. I heard Alex shifting on the sofa as I scurried across.

I knew Natalie wouldn't be long, so I acted fast, and opened the wicker clothes basket (which I had emptied only yesterday to take to the laundrette down the road) and got inside.

No sooner had the lid closed on my head, did the bathroom door swing open and Natalie stride in, still dressed in only her jeans. She was stunning, even more so with the sticky shine of Alex's lady cum up her front.

I gently lowered myself so that the basket's lid was shut, for fear of discovery. I heard a clink originating from the sink, a click, a brief squirting noise, and the familiar sound of the shower's water running filled the room.

I decided to risk it, and sneak a peek. Tentatively and cautiously, I lifted my head up just enough so I could see through the narrow slit between the basket and its lid.

Natalie was sat on the edge of the bath, and was in the process of taking off her jeans and panties. As they reached her ankles, Natalie stood up, and wriggled one of her feet out of her jeans, and flicked them to one side with the other.

She reached over to the sink, and pulled out a large dildo, about 8 inches long at a guess, and a clit stimulator. She stepped into the bath, and into the oncoming stream of water, facing the showerhead.

Natalie threw her head back, letting the water pour over her gorgeous breasts, and dragged the dildo across her nipples, the nubs swelling and hardening as she did.

She lifted the dildo to her mouth and ran it sideways across her lips, her mouth opening slightly and sensuously grazing it from base to tip with her lips.

She held it up in front of her, and flicked a switch, turning the vibrator on. She softly touched it to the top of her cleavage, and slowly traced a line down her body to the parting in her legs, letting loose a moan as she reached her clit.

Natalie bent her legs slightly, so that she could more easily grant the vibrator entry to her passage. She hesitated at the entrance, and used a hand to part her lips and expose her clit, and she inhaled in anticipation, and started to push the vibrator into her pussy.

Her expression changed immediately, from biting her lower lip in anticipation, to one of gasping pleasure.

She'd only touched the vibrator to her vagina, and was only starting to push it in, but she moaned audibly at the sensation, and urged it in further.

One of her legs spasmed, and she had to put a hand down on the side of the bath to steady herself, and she lowered herself down into the bath to avoid falling mid-masturbation.

Whilst better for Natalie, this was worse for me, as my view of the action was obscured by the tub, and all I could see was Natalie's dildo-ing arm, face, and collar.

"Aaaaah fuck," she gasped, as she pushed the vibrator further into her pussy. I saw her legs tense and push against the side of the bath.

I felt the overwhelming urge to grab my cock and beat along to Natalie's masturbation, but I managed to stop myself from doing so to avoid being noticed.

I don't know what I thought was hotter, the fact that Natalie was filling herself with a clit-stimulating vibrating dildo in the shower, or the fact that I was watching, unbeknownst to her.

Natalie threw her head back and bucked her hips, and let out a cry, snapping me back to reality. From the all to brief glimpse I got, the vibrator was now all the way into her pussy, the clit stimulator now joining in, pleasuring Natalie even more.

She was starting to gyrate and thrust her hips rythmically, her eyes closed in pleasure, and letting out a long, low moan of ecstasy as the vibrator continued to go about its work deep inside her tight cunt, causing her legs to spasm and lock, and shock her stomach muscles as her pussy walls contracted around the intruding object as it continued its assault on her senses.

Natalie's cries started to get more and more urgent, her hip movements increasing in speed, the wave of her orgasm cresting and mere seconds from crashing down on her and breaking against her body.

Then it hit her.

Her face froze and became rigid and her hips bucked high above the line of the bathtub, her body stiffening in that position, as her orgasm washed over her, powerful waves of pleasure coursing through every nerve ending in her body.

Then she found her voice, and let out a loud gutteral scream as the realisation of her orgasm finally came to light. Her hips dropped and began gyrating against the vibrator again. Her breath deepend into pants of exasperation as her orgasm began to subside, pulling the vibrator out of her pussy and casting it aside.

My cock was on fire, craving attention. I wanted to cum so much. I decided to risk it and shift my position in my pants so it was a bit more bearable, and so my penis could actually get some physical contact.

It was a gamble that didn't pay off.

Natalie heard the slight shuffle, and immediately perked up. She turned off the shower, and got out of the bath, strode over to the basket in which I was concealed, and whipped the lid open.

"What the hell are you doing in there?!" she cried out in shock, recoiling slightly and covering her boobs with one arm.

"Oh..." I exclaimed sheepishly, the feeling of shame sweeping over me, "Hi..." was all I could think of saying.

"How long have you been there?"

I slowly stood up and eased myself out of the wicker basket, "Uhm..." I stuttered

At that moment, Alex came in to see what the commotion was about, and jumped in shock at the sight of me, "Mike?! What are you doing here? I thought you were working late tonight!"

"I was feeling sick so I came home about lunchtime," I explained, "I was sleeping it off when you guys came back. I woke up and you were making out on the sofa and I didn't want to disturb you,"

"Hmmm..." Natalie crunched her face up, as if trying to contemplate the validity of my story. We stood there in silence for what seemed like an hour. "So you saw the whole thing, did you?"

"Yes," I answered.

Natalie unfolded her arms and moved past Alex into the hallway.

"Alex..." I began, seeking forgiveness.

"Don't, Mike,"

"I'm sorry,"

"I said don't," Alex raised a finger, "I don't know what you were thinking, or what was going through your mind, but all said and done, I kind of like the fact that I was being watched."

My eyes brightened at this revelation, "You do?"

"Yeah," Alex smiled, "Shall we go sit down and talk about it?"

With that, Alex turned to leave, an I tentatively followed her to the dining table behind the couch, and sat on one of the chairs beside her.

"Now, what is it that you want to talk about?" I asked, letting my hands rest on my lap.

"Well, just about what you saw, really," Alex brushed her hair over her ear, "Did you see Natalie eat me out?"

"Yeah, I did,"

"And did you see me squirt all over her?"

Just recalling this was making me incredibly horny. I felt my penis begin to throb and beg for attention, "Yes,"

"Good," Alex grinned, and nodded her head, "Time for round two I think,"

I felt someone grab my hands from behind me and yank them back behind the chair, before wrapping something around them and tying it tightly.

"What the fuck?!"

Alex grabbed the chair and spun me round to face Natalie. "Now we can have some real fun!" she laughed.

"Nat, what the hell is this?" I tested the bonds on my hands. It was soft and felt familiar, "Is this one of my ties?!"

"Yes," Natalie answered, "You are going to sit here, and watch while your girlfriend and I fuck right in front of you." She started to undo my jeans, and Alex pulled my shirt up and over my head and down so it was dangling on the tie between my hands. 

"You are not going to touch yourself at all," Natalie hooked her fingers around both my trousers and my boxers, and started to pull them down. "Because that would be no fun at all, would it?" I moaned as the material dragged along the length of my cock before it sprang free, and fell naturally back onto my groin.

Natalie continued to pull my trousers down my legs. I lifted my feet to help her remove them, and she managed to pull my socks off as she passed.

She gently stroked the inside of my leg, causing me to lurch at the feeling. Hot damn! "Hope you enjoy the show," she said, as she slid her hand up my thigh, almost at my cock, and then removed it.

Natalie turned to Alex and pulled her into a kiss. Alex wrapped her arms around Natalie and pulled her in, caressing her bare back, and pressing their breasts together, causing them to swell outwards.

Natalie broke the kiss, and traced one of Alex's nipples with a finger, teasing her, "C'mon hun, let's give Mike a show!"

She bent down, and, cupping Alex's breast in her hand, lowered her head to it, and started to lick at the fleshy part of her tit, avoiding contact with the nipple.

Alex moaned, and I felt my cock start to ache.

Natalie's eyes skitted over to me, and with a knowing smile, she opened her mouth and swallowed Alex's nipple, her lips closing over the areola, and her cheeks squeezing in as she took a long, deep, sensuous suck. Alex took a gasping inhale at the sensation, and rested a hand atop Natalie's head as she suckled.

Natalie relaxed and took another suck, this time squeezing and kneading Alex's breast as she did so, causing Alex to buck her hips slightly and moan.

I really wanted to join in and at least relieve some of the feeling in my cock, the ache, the desire to touch and to be touched, and to bring an orgasm to both girls so intense, they wouldn't be able to walk for a week!

I just wanted to join in so badly. I let out a moan of anguish at the thought of denial.

Natalie pulled herself away from Alex's tit, shot a sexy smile at me, and moved to the other one, taking the nipple she had just left between her finger and thumb, and began to roll it as she suckled on it's jealous twin.

Alex took a sharp inhale and let out a deep moan as both of her nipples were being assaulted in different ways.

Natalie seemed to be suckling at Alex's tit in short, sharp bursts, rather than drawn-out longer ones, and began tugging and pinching Alex's other nipple with her hand, stretching her breast before letting it snap back into its natural position.

As I watched and craved my girlfriend getting orally pleasured by my flatmate, I saw the sexual tension building in Alex's face as she pulled Natalie deeper into her breast.

Natalie tried to pull away, getting smothered by Alex's tit flesh, but Alex pushed her back into it, "Don't you dare stop!"

Alex started panting and moaning and crying out. I recognised the noises and the look on her face - she was about to cum!

Her breath sped up and her eyes opened widely and she let out a gasp before looking down at Natalie ravenously devouring her breast.

She scrunched her face up and moaned loudly, pulling Natalie deeper into her breast, batting her hand away from her other tit and pulling her nipple out as far as it would go, and she held it there.

She was still panting, still seemingly on the verge of orgasm, but not quite being able to tip herself over the edge.

She let go of Natalie and she came back up, rasping for breath after being smothered by Alex's tit.

"I...I don't understand..." Alex gasped, "I was there! I almost came but I couldn't..."

She looked at Natalie, and her eyes changed, as she gazed lustfully at Natalie, and took the plunge, diving straight down in between Natalie's parted legs on the floor, and started to lap furiously at her cunt.

Natalie let out a moan, and fell backwards, her arms shooting out behind her to support her. I felt my cock pulse as she let out a deep moan, and I watched intently as Alex ate Natalie out.
