 Jack arrived back in town late Wednesday.

Things hadn't gone as well with the ex-forensics guy as Jack had hoped. The trip wasn't a total waste, but the information he obtained had a definite shelf life, and as such, he needed to up his timetable. It wasn't making his plans for Santos a slam-dunk, either. All of which, set him on edge.

His anxiety redlined when he saw Brittany waiting for him as he departed the gate area. Although she was wearing the same platinum blonde wig and wrap-around sunglasses from the gang-bang shoot to hide her looks, it was still a risk being seen together in public.

Pulling her away from the crowd of passengers making their way to baggage claim, he asked in a harsh whisper, "What the fuck are you doing here? What if Santos followed you?"

"Relax. He's working late tonight, which is code he's going out whoring with his whores. I'm learning that much about him. So, I told him I was doing that spa thing again, and to not expect me until tomorrow."

"You can't keep using that excuse. Going to a deluxe spa twice in one week is unusual. Eventually, he's going to catch on. Plus, it doesn't have to be Santos. What if someone you know sees you here with me?"

Brittany became angry, mostly because she knew Jack was right, and snapped, "It won't happen again. I was just trying to do something nice for you."

Jack could tell Brittany was becoming increasingly reckless about their relationship—the blackmailer, himself, being blackmailed, to a degree. It gave him another reason to initiate the plan sooner, rather than later. Her continual, reckless disregard for boundaries was becoming a danger and making their situation in regards to Santos untenable, which irritated him even further.

Wrapping his arms about her and pulling her close so that any onlooker would think they're a normal, loving couple reacquainting after a long separation, he whispered with deadly seriousness, "You know how dangerous your husband is."

She didn't respond at first. Instead, she placed her nose close to his suit jacket and breathed in deeply, feeling a warm tingle deep within her groin. Finally, she nodded her head as a response.

"You understand how much your life is in danger if he finds out too soon. If he finds out before I get things set up."

She hesitated. She never heard him talk this way, his voice filled with such earnest caring for her safety. It made her feel warm, but at the same time frightened. Gripping him tightly, she said, "I need to know what you're planning on doing."

Brittany needed answers. Jack realized that was the reason for her current recklessness. She was using it as a ploy for answers.

She is becoming a good blackmailer in her own right. he mused.

Kissing her forehead, he said, soothingly, "I'm going to tell you, and soon, but I need to think on it some more. Until then, can we stick to our usual routines?" When he sees her nod her head, he finished, "Good, now let's get out of here before a security guard who knows Santos wanders by."

********

When Brittany and Jack get to her car, she pulled a bag of money out of the glove box and handed it to Jack. "I know it's a little early, but here's your cut for the week."

"I guess your shoot went well."

"Two shoots, the one on Monday and one earlier today. Want to hear about them?"

The last thing he needed to hear is how well she's making money hand over fist fucking other guys. However, knowing she wants to talk about it, he reluctantly agreed to listen.

Brittany drove toward the city as she told her story. "The one on Monday was about the way Kim said it would be. Magdalene and I are playing a couple of horny moms who get it on with our sons. The scene opens with the two of us on a couch, and we're telling each other how hot we find our boys. One thing leads to another, and soon Magdalene is going down on me. Then, right in the middle of things, our two boys walk in on us. You can guess the rest. We all end up in this foursome with Magdalene and me doing the old sixty-nine, while Rich and Samuel are fucking us."

Jack couldn't help himself, but contrary to his former, alpha-dog nature, he was getting hard listening to Brittany talk about her week.

Seeing the strange look Jack gave her, Brittany mistook his reaction, and said, apologetically. "I didn't come, if that's what you're worried about. Well I did with Magdalene, but not when Rich or Sam fucked me...oh wait, yes I did. Sorry, I misspoke."

Jack almost laughed at the irony, as he thought, Aren't we a pair? She's my cock whore and now I'm becoming her cuckold. I really have to stop thinking with my dick.

Answering matter-of-factly, "You don't have to get defensive about your job, as long as you keep it a job. What happened next?"

"We wrap the mommy incest movie up on Friday. I've one scene with Kim and Nika, who are playing another pair of horny moms. It's just a three-way lesbo, but Munch wants me to wear a strap-on. Even he's calling me pixie Dominatrix. My second scene is the finale where me, Kim, Nika and Magdalene get into this big incest orgy pile with all of our sons."

By now he's hard as a rock, and humorously quipped, "Sounds pretty porny. Imagine, all those horny moms and all from the same area, wanting to do their kids and each other. What are the odds?"

Brittany laughed at the ridiculousness of the scene, and said, "I know, pretty outlandish. What's worse than the stupid plot, Munch says doing incest stuff really tests your acting chops because you have to sell it to the audience you're really doing your kid. Then, in typical Munch fashion, he has a guy playing Nika's son that looks even older than she is. There's no way he can pass for someone under the age of twenty-five, let alone be her kid. How's the audience supposed to believe that?"

Hearing the enthusiasm in her voice about her new job, Jack commented, "I doubt if the reprobates who watch it will even give a crap. You're really getting into this."

She hesitated, afraid to tell him the truth, "A little, you're not mad, are you?"

He answered her with a kiss to her cheek, making her giggle like a schoolgirl. Then he quipped, sarcastically, "Wow, worrying about the plot, the audience, exercising your acting chops, you're turning into a real Meryl Streep. What about today?"

"Oh, I forgot. That was a special something Munch called me in to do. He did this erotic porn video series for couples, sort of a 'how to' series, but very sensual. You know, techniques on how to sensually give a hand job, go down on a girl, how to fuck in different positions, doing anal, that sort of thing. He had wrapped the series already, but Munch wanted to reshoot the fellatio scene with me. Can you believe that?" 

Yes, he could. In his own dwarf way, Munch was trying to fuck with Jack's head by pulling Brittany in at the last minute to reshoot a scene. Jack reminded himself to be sure to mention it to the dwarf the next time he sees him.

Brittany continued, "It's called, 'How to Fellate Your Mate.'" Seeing Jack roll his eyes, she added, "Yeah, I know, it's still porn, but it was very sensual. Munch used a lot of soft lighting, and candles were placed all around giving the scene a real romantic flavor. The bed even had silk sheets and pillowcases. There wasn't any dialogue, just soft new-age music playing in the background. Munch will overdub narration, later. Anyway, the guy I did the scene with reminded me of you."

That fucking dwarf. He's really going to find it hard to direct with his head lodged in his ass.

Jack was about to mention she should have called him about Munch changing her venue, when he noticed she took the off-ramp to the warehouse district.

"Where are we going?" he asked, still irritated with Munch.

"I have to make a little detour."

"What kind of detour?"

"Don't be mad, but Munch's planned this wrap-up party with everyone since they finished the 'Erotic Sex' vid, as well as that horny frat mom vid I was a part of last Saturday with Kim. He asked me to be there."

"I don't want to go to any 'after party.'"

Brittany noted the rising ire in his voice, and tried using logic on him, "You said to treat it as a job. I have to be there, at least for a little while. It's expected of me. Anyway, there's going to be a lot of his backers and friends attending. Lately, after the shoots, they've all been sniffing around and looking for favors from me, if you know what I mean. I figure they'll back off if you're there. Please, we'll only stay a few minutes. Just long enough to say hello and shake some hands. Plus, I'll let you see the little surprise I'm wearing for you if you come."

Hearing her genuine concern about being left alone with the hounds, as well as the sexy tenor in her voice when she commented about a 'surprise,' he reluctantly agreed.

Still thinking with the little head, ain't yah, Jack.

********

The 'after party' was already in full swing when they arrived.

Munch was using the whole back of the warehouse for the soirée. It was obvious to Jack that the dwarf went all out, as he had numerous tables and chairs set up for eating, and a few couches and over-stuffed loungers for more comfortable seating. He even brought in a small buffet laden with hors d'oeuvres and other finger food, as well as large supplies of liquor complete with two bartenders.

Including Munch's employees and assorted hangers-on, there were at least a hundred guests, all milling around or clustered into various groups. A loud, chaotic din from conversations and laughter fill the air, as does a thick haze from all the tobacco and pot smoke.

Jack was preparing to head to the liquor table, determining the most direct path through the throng and to the booze, when he caught sight of Kim scampering toward him.

Just as she drew near, Brittany stepped in front of her, saying above the din, "Wait, I haven't shown Jack yet."

Taking off her blouse, Brittany turned around to face Jack. They stood together with an arm around the other's waist, each wearing a large smile. They were also wearing similar tops: tight fitting, bright pink t-shirts, which more than accentuated their ripe, full breasts. Written across their chest, in large, heavy, black lettering were the words:

JACK'S COCK WHORE

"What do you think?" Brittany asked, playfully.

There's that recklessness again, Jack thought, before commenting, sarcastically, "Very tasteful. Very chic. I'll be surprised if that t-shirt alone doesn't beat the dogs off you."

Kim doesn't notice his tone, "That's what I thought, too. It sends a message to the money-bag droolers, 'Hands off! I'm Jack's!'"

"Unless the money-bag drooler also happens to be named Jack. Then you've got problems."

Kim laughed, then added, "We thought about having a big ol' erect penis under the lettering, but decided that would be too much."

"Yeah, modest is better," Jack quipped, again, sarcastically.

Although Kim missed it, Brittany caught his sarcastic tone, and asked, disappointedly, "Don't you like them? After the other night, Kim and I just had to have them made."

Smiling down at her, he answered with a half lie, "They're a bit brash, but I like them. Just make sure Santos doesn't find it folded up in your sock drawer."

Brittany made her eyes go wide, and said, laughingly. "Wouldn't that be funny? I'll keep it here when I'm not wearing it."

"Jack," Kim intoned, almost musically, "Would you mind if I take Candice away from you for a while? Munch wants her to meet everyone, especially the 'droolers' since they help pay our salaries."

Jack said to Brittany, "I'll be at the bar if you need me. Remember, looky no touchy."

Brittany put on her 'shocked face' as she responded, "And the same goes for you."

Standing at the bar, surrounded by unfamiliar people, Jack felt like a fifth wheel. Worse, he could feel things beginning to spiral out of control when it came to Brittany and the plan with Santos. Now, after the t-shirt thing with Kim, he wasn't sure whether she was doing all this on purpose, to goad him, or was it all just acting out some schoolgirl infatuation. It didn't help Jack knowing she was enjoying her new lifestyle, making his alpha-dog uncomfortable in the extreme and setting him further on edge.

There were a couple of guys in white waiter jackets tending bar. He ordered a single malt, but when he tried to pay for his drink, they told him the bar was open.

Munch is really going all out with the party, that's for sure, Jack mused, as he slammed the first drink back, then preceded to order another.

Taking his time with his second drink, he scanned the room for Brittany. He caught her and Kim, still with an arm wrapped around each other, talking to a group of older men.

Jack figured they must be some of the moneymen Kim mentioned.

Jack noticed with irritation that a couple of the men are taking pictures of the two women as they put their cheeks together, doing kissy faces, and generally mugging seductively for the cameras.

Hope that doesn't end up on the Internet, Jack thought, as he sipped his drink.

Then, he watched in horror and disbelief as Kim pulled her t-shirt above her braless breasts. Camera flashes went off all around her.

Brittany had a hand over her mouth as she shook her head. Jack could tell she was giggling about something and telling one of the moneymen, 'No.'

Brittany's shyness doesn't last, however, as she too lifted her t-shirt above her massive breasts.

More camera flashes erupt all around, as the two women playfully jiggled their breasts for the onlookers. Kim even bends over and kisses one of Brittany's breasts. It looked to Jack that Brittany was about to do the same to Kim, but one of the onlookers reached for her. Laughingly, Brittany pulled her t-shirt back down and then wagged a 'you're a naughty boy,' finger at the guy.

Jack couldn't watch anymore, and turned away. Slamming the rest of his second drink, he ordered a third.

He was about to slam that one down, then get Brittany so that they could leave, when a guy slid up next to him and ordered a beer. As tall as Jack, but with a lighter frame, he had long, jet black hair tied in a ponytail, and very noticeable five o'clock shadow. He had that sleazy, new moneyed, Euro-trash look so popular in Hollywood these days. Jack disliked him, immediately.

After taking a sip of his beer, 'Mr. Euro-trash' stuck out a hand for Jack, while saying, "Cord McMaster."

Not sure if he caught his name correctly, Jack asked in disbelief, "Cord?"

"Well, it's my stage name. Maybe you've seen my movies. I'm usually billed as 'The McMaster Blaster,' because of my powerful..."

"Yeah, I get it," Jack quickly said, cutting him off.

Jack added uncouth to sleazy and trashy as appropriate adjectives in describing Cord. His dislike for the man was quickly metastasizing into hate. The fact that Jack was drinking too much scotch on an empty stomach wasn't helping his emotional control, either.

Cord continued to hold out his hand.

Jack took it briefly, while introducing himself, "Jack Dorn."

Giving Jack the once over, he commented, "Haven't seen you around before. Are you a player with another production company, or one of the trailers? The business is full of trailers."

"Trailers?"

"Friends of Munch. You know, guys who bankroll his movies and hang out after the shoots for pussy."

"No, I'm just tagging along with a friend."

"Oh yeah, who?"

Jack caught himself before saying her real name, and answers, "Ah...Candice Mason."

Cord's eyes lit up. "Oh yeah? Cute girl, great tits, and she's got a fine, tight ass for an older player. You tapping that?"

Jack barely resists punching Cord in the face. He was about to turn away from him to keep from doing just that, when Cord blurts out, "Wait a minute, are you the Jack?"

Jesus, you've got a slow learning curve. No wonder you're in porn, Jack mused, but doesn't answer.

Not taking the hint that Jack doesn't want to talk, Cord continued, "I got to tell you those t-shirts are a little bit much. I mean it's great you can make their pussies sing, but to have them wear it out in the open like that...it's just that none of us want to advertise that kind of shit to the public. You know what I mean, man? It's kind of tasteless."

Jack nearly laughed in his face at his hypocrisy. Here's a guy who lets his schlong hang out for the camera, while billing himself as the McMaster Blaster, and he has the balls to crack wise about what is, and isn't, polite decorum.

Jack bit his tongue before answering, "I'm not making them wear it. It's a little joke the two are playing on me."

"Really? Kim should know better. A lot of the trailers don't like to be reminded..."

"Reminded," Jack said, cutting him off, "That they don't have what it takes to make a cock whore? I bet that goes for the players as well. I bet you got a little pissy seeing those t-shirts, knowing full well that no one would even think about wearing a 'McMaster Blaster's cum slut' t-shirt around in public."

Cord was momentarily taken aback by Jack's hostility, and then foolishly added, instead of just walking away, "Hey, fuck you! There's no reason to be an ass..."

"I know most of Munch's performers, but I don't remember seeing you around. You must work on the gay porn side of his production company. Not that there's anything wrong with that."

Insulted, Cord responds, defensively, "I play it straight. In fact, I did a shoot this afternoon with your, 'little miss big tits,' Candice."

Suddenly, it all clicked into place. Jack stared back at him, speechless. It was bad enough Brittany blew this asshole. Worse, he couldn't believe this guy reminded her of him.

Cord observed Jack's slight body tic at his statement, and decides to twist the knife, "I know she's your 'cock whore' and all, but I didn't think she was all that good. Although she's cute and has a real talent for sucking on cock, she's a bit long in the tooth for my taste. It took me forever to get it up for her."

Jack wasn't stupid, and knew Cord was baiting him. Smiling back, he noted, "That's funny, because I haven't heard anyone having any trouble getting it up with her. In fact, it's just the opposite. Most of the 'players,' as you call them, can't keep from blowing their wads once they stare into her eyes. Munch had to yell at a couple of them because they couldn't hold their water through the shot. Wait a minute, come to think of it, Candice did mention to me that the guy she did the shoot with today was pretty limp, and not up to performing on cue."

Jack sees Cord's face turning red with anger that Brittany would divulge a trade secret to an outsider, and continues, "When she first told me, I took it to mean you were new to this, like her, and had the jitters. Now, I'm thinking you really do like boys more than girls, not that there's anything wrong with that. You should really think about moving over to Munch's gay production company, or, at least, quit wasting everyone's time and drop the fake hetero-macho routine. Once and for all, come out of the closet and just smoke some pole. Get it out of your sys..."

Cord took a swing at Jack, but Jack wasn't that drunk, and easily ducked. Catching his wrist, Jack twisted Cord's arm behind his back while putting him into a chokehold with his other arm.

Jack said, close to Cord's ear, "Looks like I hit a chord, Cord. Now, are you going to calm down, or do I have to squeeze your carotids until you fall to the floor?"

Jack felt Cord's body slacken in his grip, but he continued to place upward pressure on the arm behind his back, making sure Cord got the message.

Cord yelled, "All right, all right! Fuck man, you're breaking my arm!"

Jack noticed many of the bystanders had amused looks on their faces. Moreover, none were bothering to interfere. Most likely, they found Cord an even bigger asshole than Jack did, and were quite comfortable to stay in the background and enjoy Cord's humiliation.
