 Joy was home from work on a holiday and I knew that she would probably have a visitor. I took some time away from work myself and parked shortly before noon in a spot where I could keep an eye on the front door of the house. Sure enough about noon a car pulled into the driveway and parked. "Acme Insurance Company" was the sign on the side of the door of the car. It was a typical business company car, just a midsized sedan. 

Out of the driver's side, Frank stepped out.... our insurance agent. I watched as he walked to the front door and rang the bell. From where I was parked I could see the door open and see Joy greet him and open the storm door. She was dressed in a long flowing black robe and I could tell she had on stockings, garter and heels. I recognized the robe as one that was very sheer and knew that she was ready for some fun.

The blinds in the front window were pulled so I couldn't see in from the street. I decided to see if I could get a better look and got out of the truck and walked down the street and ducked into the backyard through the gate. I stepped slowly down the walk and up quietly onto the deck. I could see them through the deck door, she was on the love seat (quite prophetic) and he was standing in front of her. His pants were unzipped and she had his cock out and was cradling his balls with one hand and her lips were wrapped around the tip of his cock. She was sucking him very slowly and very deliberately. 

I watched as she massaged his balls and slid his cock deep into and then back out of her mouth. She took him in long slow strokes. From the look on his face he was really enjoying it. And from the content look on her face she was too. Her lips and tongue found every inch of his hard cock. She was devouring him very slowly.  Occasionally she'd lean down and nibble at his balls then rub her face in them before sliding her lips back around the tip of his cock. 

After a while I could tell that she urged him to sit down on the seat beside her and she lay across him and began to work on his cock with a new fervor. She had his balls tight in one hand and was working her mouth and lips all over the tip and shaft. He was hard and enjoying every minute of her attention. I watched as she increased her rhythm. He was close and I could tell from where I was. And then she stopped.  Just as he was ready to fill her mouth she stopped, sat up and said something to him.  I could see the pained look on his face and see just how tight his balls were.  He was on the edge.

They stood up and started toward the bedroom. I ducked down so that they didn't see me and quickly wandered back out the gate and around to the garage door.  I knew that the alarm would be off and used my key to get into the side garage door and quietly snuck to the house door and very quietly opened it and tiptoed in.  I could hear her moaning quietly and removed my shoes so that I didn't make any noise and very slowly snuck from the laundry room to the kitchen and then to the dining room.  I inched my way across the dining room until I could peek around into the entry and look into the bedroom. 

She was on her back on the bed, dressed now in just her black stockings, garter and spike heels. Her legs were spread open wide and up in the air, Frank between them, naked now and busily licking her pussy. She had her hands on her breasts and was massaging them and pulling and twisting her nipples. Her moans were getting more vocal now and I could tell that she was getting close to orgasm. 

My cock had been hard since the first time I saw her lips wrapped around his cock. Now it was aching and straining my pants.  I quietly unzipped and unbuttoned my pants, being careful not to let my belt buckle make any noise. It felt so good to release my cock. When I pulled my underwear down my cock sprang out. I could hear her breath quicken and she was pulling hard on her nipples.  

"I'm coming!" she blurted out and then screamed. "Yes.... Yes.... Yes." She was bucking hard and then Frank pulled up and moved in. I reached down and wrapped my own hand around my hard cock and began to stroke it.  I knew I wouldn't last long.

He moved between her legs and I could see the tip of his cock push against her and then disappear. He pushed all the way in and started fucking her. At first he was moving slowly. She was still reeling from the orgasm and I could hear the slurping of her juices as his cock slid in and out. His butt was flexing as he pushed deep into her. I removed my shirt and socks and stood now more in the open and stroked my cock. Frank was fucking my wife harder now, her legs wrapped around him and her hands on his ass pushing him deep. 

I watched as he pounded deep into her. I must have made some sort of noise because Joy opened her eyes and looked right at me. I could see her lust and another wave of orgasm overtaking her. She watched me watch her.  Frank was now pounding his cock hard into her wet pussy. The slurping sounds got louder as he fucked her. I knew that my watching just made her wetter. I moved closer to the bedroom door and Joy whispered something to Frank. She must have told him that I was there, because he stopped for a brief moment and looked up at me. Joy flanked him with her heels and screamed "Fuck me!" and Frank started his pounding again. 

I moved in and was standing next to the bed. Frank fucking my wife hard and fast, her sexy blacked stocking-covered legs wrapped around his bare ass and her spike heels digging into his ass as she pulled him deeper and deeper. My own cock was ready to burst, my balls so tight and hard that they ached. I climbed up onto the bed and joined them stroking my cock just inches from Joy's face. Frank pulled out and grabbed his own cock and let go a hard stream that covered Joy's clit, and stretched up onto her belly and her left nipple. I was jacking my cock hard and when I saw his cum shoot onto her I began to spray myself. The first long stream started on her right breast and stretched across her right nipple, up across her chin, across her lips and onto her cheek. Frank's second stream covered her well-fucked pussy. Then my second long stream arched up into the air and landed on her lips and her partially opened mouth. 

Frank backed away from between her legs and I moved around and took his place.  I looked down on her and she was covered from head to pussy with cum. Her clit and pussy were covered, her breasts and nipples and face.  I pushed my still hard cock into her cum-soaked pussy and started fucking her.  I could feel wave after wave of orgasm take over her as her pussy convulsed on my cock.  I looked down on her as she rubbed the cum from both Frank and me into her breasts, her mouth was covered with my cum. I could feel another load in my balls and pounded harder into her. Her pussy tightened and I pushed deep and erupted inside her pussy with three hard shots.

She pulled me deep with her feet, her heels digging into my ass and her pussy convulsing continuously until I felt my cock softening.  When she relaxed her legs I pulled out and pulled back. I looked down and she was covered with cum from both Frank and me and my second load was oozing out of her pussy. 

There was a very satisfied smile playing across her mouth as she relaxed. Her fingers were playing with the cum that was pooling between her breasts.  Frank looked at me and asked if things were cool. I said, "If she's satisfied, I'm cool."