 It was 2 a.m, and I had just left my girlfriend's flat to head home. During the week I regularly spent the evening at hers before heading back to mine as I would usually have a university class starting at 9 a.m, whereas on weekends I would stay over at hers or she would stay at mine.

I was driving back to my halls of residence with my dick still smelling of Mya's pussy. 

Usually I would get home, make a cup of tea while watching a comedy show, and have a shower before going to sleep. Every now and again, I would stop off across the hall if Nisha was up. 

Nisha and I immediately became friends when I found out she happened to come from my own home town. To be honest if I had met her before I met Mya I would have asked her out, but I was with Mya. 

Mya was brown haired, size 8, 5"6', a 34C with a firm round ass. I was immediately attracted to her. She had a body that I would just love to stare at.

Nisha on the other hand was different. She was petite. A size 6, 5"2', with a 34B rack. Her ass didn't have the same "come grab me" look as Mya's but she was beautiful. She had long black hair, and deep round eyes.

My circle of friends and hers would occasionally cross over and both parties thought that we were messing around but nothing had been going on, just yet. 

Mya was very jealous of me spending any time with Nisha as you can imagine. So I tried to keep it at a minimum, or late night. I suppose this only added to it, especially as Mya's best friend was Nisha's flatmate.

"I'm on my way," I messaged Nisha

I got outside her door and messaged. I didn't want to wake up her flatmates, especially Anita who happened to be Mya's best friend.

Nisha opened the door and I could tell immediately she had been drinking.

"You been out tonight?" I asked.

"We went to Halo for a bit. Come on"

We headed into her room and she jumped on to the bed. She was dressed for bed wearing a pink vest and white hot pants.

I sat down beside her, leaning against the wall.

"How's Mya?" she asked.

"She's alright. Fast asleep. I tucked her in before I left."

"You mean you fucked her before you left?" she chuckled. 

I smiled.

She rolled over towards me. "I couldn't go to sleep; I was just staring at the ceiling."

As she rolled over I could see she wasn't wearing a bra, and part of her areola on her left boob became exposed.

"Why? What's up?" I asked, immediately looking away.

"Just a lot on my mind. They just keep me up."

"That's what I'm here for. Let me help you. What's up?"

She sat up a little moving close to my shoulder, and I could tell a little tipsy.

"Do you know how hard it is for me to go to sleep at night thinking about how your dick should be inside me instead of Mya?" Nisha whispered in my ear. 

I chuckled nervously. While I was always attracted to Nisha, I didn't know she felt the same way.

"I'm sorry, I can't help you with that," I replied.

"I thought you were my friend." Nisha's moved her hand on my thigh. 

"Nish, you know my situation."

Nisha moved her hand further up my groin.

"Tell me you don't want me."

"That's not it," I said. "I just can't..."

She grabbed hold of my dick as I was bulging through my trackies. 

"You can't, or don't want to?"

"It's not about what I want, it's..." 

Nisha cut me off. "Well, if you want to then let me help you." She pulled the front of my trackies down to reveal my dick. She held it tight, just curiously looking at it. I couldn't help think that my dick still smelt of Mya's pussy. Maybe that's why Nisha was taking her time with it. She looked me in my eyes, as if to ask for permission, and she slowly lowered her head. I felt her kiss the tip, 1, 2, 3 times before opening her mouth to swallow the dick wholly in her mouth.

She slowly moved up, sucking up at the same time, and lowered her head again. This time I felt her slobbing all over it. 

She picked her head up and turned around while she took off her shorts. She then pulled off the rest of my trackies and straddled me, hovering over my dick. She slowly lowered herself on to my dick, with a whispering moan in my ear. She lifted her knees to adjust herself so that my dick went deep into her pussy. 

Nisha held my shoulders and moved her head towards me to kiss me.

"You fucking bitch!" Mya screamed at Nisha. 

Nisha quickly jumped off my dick and on to the bed, trying to cover herself with the duvet. Mya came rushing in the room and gripped Nisha's hair and yanked her off the bed.

Nisha fell off the bed and on the floor. I was left exposed as the duvet was dragged with her. My dick was wet from Nisha's pussy with my balls sticking to my leg.

"What the fuck are you doing? You're a fucking tart, you! You're fucking my man?" Mya raged.

"And you? How could you? What does she have that I don't?"

"Babe...," I tried to reply. Mya wouldn't let me finish.

"Shut up! You don't get to call me babe! You're a fucking dick! I do everything for you. Tell me! Tell me what I don't do."

"Babe, I'm sorry. I..."

"No! It's not right. You know what... I can't do this." Mya walked straight out of the bedroom and slammed the door behind her. 

I was in shock. My heart was pounding. I looked towards Nisha. She was slowly standing up and was glancing around the room looking for her clothes.

All of a sudden the door flew wide open and Mya came stomping back through with a knife. She moved towards Nisha, causing her to scream.

"You fucking bitch," she shouted. She pushed Nisha against the wall with her right hand. Nisha bounced her head on the wall. I jumped up and got hold of Mya from behind, trying to prevent her from using her arms, and especially the knife.

"Mya, stop! Don't do this," I pleaded. Mya had tears in her eyes but she was remaining strong. She wasn't letting go of the knife. 

"What the fuck? We just fucked! And now you're here?"

I didn't really have an answer.

"You know what - fuck her! Go on!" pointing at Nisha. She crossed her arms. "Come on! Let me see what she's got that I haven't."

"No, babe..." 

Again she cut me off. "What? Now you don't want to? What? You want to eat her?" Again, she was pointing at her. 

"Babe, no, I... I only want you," trying to reassure her.

"No you don't! You lying piece of shit!" She rubbed her hand across my beard. "It's not wet. It means you haven't been down in her yet. You love to eat pussy. Don't tell me you don't want her juice all up in that beard."

"No, no..." I mumbled.

"Go on then! Eat her pussy. Eat it!"

I looked at Nisha and then back at Mya.

"C'mon! What are you waiting for? You better fucking eat it now," she shouted. She pointed the knife at me. "Eat. It."

Worried that the knife may fly anywhere, given how Mya was flailing it around, I moved towards Nisha and opened her legs. Nisha had closed her legs and didn't want to open them but I looked her in her eyes to reassure her. 

Nisha widened her legs, and I edged closer to the pussy lips which were wrapped around my dick minutes ago. I hesitated before licking Nisha's clit. I looked back at Mya.

"Get your fucking head in there!" 

I duly obliged and pushed my tongue inside Nisha.

"Does it taste good?" Mya asked.

I didn't know how to answer it. I wanted to play it safe.

"No," I mumbled.

"NO?! You fucking cheating on me for a shitty little pussy?"

"No, I mean yeah," I mistakenly blurted out.

"Did you say 'Yeah'? Yeah?! You're a shitbag! Does it taste better than mine, hey?" she asked. With that she pulled down her leggings and her pussy. Mya lay down next to Nisha and spread her legs, gesturing to me to eat her. I moved over to Mya, staring at the pussy I was had already cum in an hour or so ago. She grabbed my head and shoved it into her pussy.

I loved the taste of Mya's pussy and luckily she had showered before going to bed otherwise I would've been tasting my own cum too. Once I could tell that her pussy was clean then I opened those lips wide open and shoved my tongue in deep. I swirled my tongue around in that hot pocket as she caressed my head.

"Is her pussy sweeter than mine?" she moaned.

I looked across at Nisha who was now slowly fingering her clit, watching me. Mya saw Nisha enjoying the show.

"Do you like what you see?" she asked Nisha.

Nisha didn't answer but carried on slowly rubbing her clit. I continued licking Mya's pussy, watching over her right leg towards Nisha, occasionally making eye contact. As I continued stroking her pussy with my tongue, I could tell Mya was building up. I sucked on her clit, rapidly tickling it with my tongue, sending Mya over the edge. I held her ass as she arched and came all over my chin.

I stood up and entered Mya's wet pussy, and started to rock her with my dick. All this time, Nisha was watching, although I could tell her fingering speed had increased. 

"Taste my juice," Mya commanded, pulling Nisha's head towards mine. My tongue went deep into Nisha's as she sucked all of Mya's juice off my tongue. As if desperate for the taste she started to lick my chin and beard, tasting all of Mya's juice. 

"That's it, good girl," Mya called out. I saw Nisha was still fingering herself. Mya must've seen it at the same time. She laid her head back and pulled at Nisha's leg. Nisha straddled Mya's face. 

"Let's see what you taste like," I heard Mya muffle from underneath Nisha.

I continued to gently pump Mya's pussy as I watched Nisha let out a sigh and moan when she gently lowered herself on Mya's mouth. Mya held Nisha's thighs tightly to her ears as she swallowed her up.

I briefly caught Nisha's eyes, and she pulled off her vest, revealing petite breasts matching her petite frame. I bent across and took one in my mouth, sucking and flicking her nipple. This after a minute or two sent her into an orgasm, cumming all over Mya's face.

"Ohhhhh, I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna, ah ah ah..."

Mya pushed Nisha off as she tried to breathe under all her squirting. Mya pulled my chain so that I could kiss her, tasting all of Nisha's sweet cum off her. Nisha then lowered her face to Mya's pussy. I pulled out and let Nisha taste Mya first off my dick and then she went crazy on Mya's clit. She devoured Mya's pussy like it she was a dog.

I watched in awe as these two beautiful women were fighting a minute ago who were now enjoying each others pussies.

Mya then guided my dick into Nisha's pussy in the doggy style position. Mya opened her legs and gestured to Nisha to eat her out. I pumped away, holding Nisha's hips as she ate my girlfriend. I wanted to cum inside her. 

"I'm gonna cum. I'm gonna fill that pussy up!" I moaned.

Nisha started to bounce back harder and faster. She wanted it too. She licked faster. I could hear Mya moaning too. 

I was close when Mya came. She squirmed all over the bed, cumming on Nisha's face. Nisha in turn began to squirm as her pussy tightened grip on my dick. I couldn't take any more as I filled her pussy with my cum, shot after shot. Nisha couldn't handle anymore and collapsed on Mya, as she she came.

I lay down next to Mya. She had a wry smile on her face.

"This bitch is ours. You don't fuck her unless I say so." kissing my dick as she lay back. "And Nisha. Your pussy is ours. You wanna fuck anyone, you come to me first. You get my permission first. If I want you, you will give yourself to me."

Nisha moaned in agreement.

Mya smiled as she fell asleep in between us. I rolled over and saw Anita, Nisha's flatmate, in the crack between the door and doorframe. That's how Mya got in. I guess she enjoyed the show.