 "Well good morning!"

I turned toward the now familiar voice that was approaching from behind me. I smiled and waved. "Good morning to you two."

It was Lydia and Tom, a couple I'd met during the last several days, and they were walking across the sand in my direction. I smiled as they approached. Lydia had on a wide brimmed hat and a colorful cover-up that was flowing nicely in the morning breeze coming in off the ocean that I'd just been looking out at before they interrupted my enjoyment of a Florida sunrise. Under her cover up was a one-piece swimsuit that disappeared under a comfortable pair of khaki shorts. Since I had on sunglasses I enjoyed another look at the lady from head to toes. I'd enjoyed several long looks at the lady during the week. Actually, I'd found it hard to keep my eyes off of her.

As they came up close I looked back eastward as a large pelican slowly floated across the water looking for its breakfast. The sun was now fully up and the sound of the surf hitting the sand mingled with the voices of other beach-goers moving towards the warm open spots to set up a morning of relaxing in the sun. It was my last full day of a nice vacation that had begun on a Caribbean cruise I'd won the year before at work. My wife and I had tacked a couple of vacation days to the end of the week so she could visit some family that lived in the city we'd sailed from. She'd taken off after breakfast with her sister bound for a day of catching up and shopping at a large outlet mall at the next city up the coast. I was on my own until dinner that evening.

Stopping beside me, Lydia put her hand over her eyes and peered out over the water. "What a lovely morning."

I smiled at the sound of her voice. Lydia and Tom were from Australia, and her pretty voice and (to me) exotic accent had attracted me almost as much as her pretty face and shapely body. They were on vacation here in the States, and the cruise we had just finished was only a part of it. They'd stayed in the same oceanfront hotel we'd been in, and were heading down to the keys for some deep-sea fishing in the morning. We'd enjoyed lunch with them only the day before. They'd become some newfound friends during the cruise. Being our age we had much in common and conversations just came easily.

"So what's on your agenda today, bloke?" Tom asked.

"A lazy day doing nothing but enjoying the sunshine. I saw on the Weather Channel that we were getting snow back home, and I don't want to think about winter at all until I step off the plane tomorrow. What about you two?"

I watched Tom's arm slip behind Lydia and tug her close. "I think we're going to just enjoy some good fun in our room today. Woke up a bit on the horny side myself. Too bad your lady isn't here, we'd ask you to join us!" 

I shook my head and laughed. Some good-natured flirting had taken place between all of us during the week, and I'd enjoyed it. Actually, the more I'd enjoyed just watching Lydia at poolside or on the dance floor the thought of her in bed with me had crossed my mind more than once. Harmless middle-age crazy fantasies. I decided to play along a bit.

"Oh, she'll be sorry to hear she missed out on that. She's said several times how much she'd love to get that good-looking Aussie gent into bed." I winked at them as I spoke.

"You know, Tom, I'm quite sure Steve would enjoy a nice threesome to pass his day away. I'm sure he's going to be very lonely left here all by himself." 

"Yeah, right," I said as I looked back out toward the surf and watched two young co-eds stroll by in their bikinis. 

I felt a hand on my shoulder, and turning my head, Tom leaned over and said quietly, "She's serious, friend."

Up to that point I was sure all our talk had been harmless flirting. But at this moment it occurred to me that perhaps it wasn't make believe after all.

He continued, "You see, we occasionally enjoy the company of some 'special friends', and to be quite honest we've had our eyes on you all week." As he spoke I felt Lydia step up to my other side and casually slip her arm into mine. 

Well, I must admit a threesome had always been a fantasy I'd enjoyed. It had usually been with two ladies, however. Oh I admit like most guys my age I'd watched more than one video of two guys sharing one girl, and yes, they were interesting enough, but I'd never thought I'd have an opportunity to actually participate. But the thought was "growing" on me as they spoke. Why not? Who's to know? 

"I'd have to warn you I'm a novice at such things."

"Let's just see where it goes, mate. No pressure, no rules. Stop or go anytime as it feels right," Tom said as he patted my shoulder and stepped back.

"You'll enjoy it, darling. Trust me," Lydia said, then she leaned over and whispered, "I'll fuck your brains out, baby. Come on, join us."

Well, that did it. Before long we were up in their suite looking out on the beach several floors below, and Tom was handing out beers from the little fridge. I was standing just inside the room and Lydia invited me to have a seat on the couch in the living-room area. 

"Tom and I have enjoyed sharing a bit over the years, and we've collected quite a few wonderful memories in the process. We don't go at it a lot, and we've been very selective in our friends, so you don't have to worry about bringing something home to your lady. So you know, we're both 'bi', and very open to enjoying whatever presents itself when we're with a friend or two. Everyone being comfortable is the main rule. If you're nervous about anything it hinders the... performance and enjoyment of the moment." Her voice sounded very relaxed and "matter of fact" about the entire issue at hand.

When I heard the word "bi" applied to a fellow male, I must admit a feeling of surprise came across me. I've enjoyed the sights and sounds of two women enjoying one another, but the idea of even being naked with another man was quite a reach. If I hadn't have been mesmerized by the lady in the room all week, I wouldn't even have contemplated being here. But this little revelation was beginning to break the spell a bit. I looked up at Tom who was leaning back against the little bar and sipping his drink.

"I, uh, like I said, I've never actually been in a 'sharing' situation, and I guess you know I'm fully straight."

"That's not a problem, love. 'Bi' means you swing both ways, and trust me," she said playfully looking over at her man, "I've got plenty to give both of you right now."

That did it. I could feel my cock hardening under my shorts and the lady looked and sounded so sexy at the moment my mind was beginning to forget the details. Without a word, Tom sat his bottle down on the counter and walked over taking Lydia's hand and pulling her up to himself. His hands slipped under her cover-up and he pulled her tight, their mouths meeting and beginning to kiss one another with immediate passion. Within moments it was clear they both had been worked up quite a bit by the entire preliminaries of the conversation to this point. I sat back and just watched the show, feeling a bit like the proverbial "fly on the wall". I'd always been a bit of a voyeur, and as I could see Tom getting into the lovemaking, I relaxed a bit at the whole "bi" concept. Obviously, he was getting very worked up by the lady's tongue working in and out of his mouth, and her nice full tits pressed up against his chest.

"Come on, mate, let's take care of the lady. Give me hand with her." 

Taking her hand, he led her back to the king-size bed in the adjoining room and sat down on the edge facing the mirror. Lydia sat down on his lap facing it. "She loves to watch herself getting fucked." With that, Tom's hands slipped around her and he began to knead and squeeze her breasts, still encased in the swimsuit. She leaned back into him and looked at me, smiling.

Lydia was a very pretty 40-something, short blonde hair and pretty dark eyes. She was clearly a mom, but everything was in nice proportion to everything else. Curvy, but not overly so. Very feminine with nice legs now beginning to open up on her lover's lap. She moistened her lips as she leaned back against Tom. She smiled up at me.

"Take her neck, man... she loves that."

Stepping up I lifted Lydia's chin and leaned forward. She was just about at the right height for me to enjoy her pretty face. Tilting my head, my lips found hers and she returned a hungry deep kiss, her tongue darting into my mouth as Tom's hands kept working her breasts. I felt her reach up and rub her palm over my now hard cock under my pants.

"Ohhhh, yes. Ohhhh, yesssss," she cooed as our kiss broke for a breath. 

Tom took one hand from Lydia's breast and put it on the top of her head, tilting it over. He wasn't rough at all, but firm. "There, go for it, man. She'll fuckin' take off like a rocket if you lick her right there." He pulled his hand free from her other breast and with his fingertip he stroked a long pass down her now open neck. I took his instructions and let my tongue follow his instructed path, then opened my mouth and began to lick and kiss her pretty neck. I felt his hands slip back between us and onto her tits. It was odd feeling someone else's hands there between the lady's chest and my own, and hearing his voice, but something about it was making me feel more confident and horny every moment. As I made little circles with my tongue, pressing the tip hard, the lady began to squirm and moan.

I stood back up a moment to catch my own breath. Tom laughed. "Told you. Here, enjoy these."

With that, he pulled her light cover up open and halfway down her arms, then tugged the straps of her swimsuit down behind it just enough to set her tits free, his hands helping to get them up on top of the built in bra. "There, kneel down enough for her to see over your head. She'll want to watch you suck her titties in the mirror, won't you, darlin'?"

"Oh, fuck yes. Suck them baby. Oh yeah. Oh, he's good, isn't he Tommy? Ooooo. Yeah. Mmmmmm."

I felt her hard nipples press forward into my mouth as I moved from one to the other, licking and sucking, my hands feeling her creamy full breasts. She wasn't too large or too small, and the swimsuit pulled just below them kept them fully up with her nipples pointing out. I licked over her tan line, and down her cleavage, and then circled each dark circle of tit-flesh, teasing her as the skin puckered.

"Fuckin' don't tease, Steve. Suck them. Let me feel your teeth."

Obviously, the lady wanted it hard and fast. I moved back as I felt her begin to stand up. Tom helped push her to her feet, and as soon as she was up, Tom pulled the cover-up down her arms and tossed it over on the floor. "Get her pants, man." 

I complied and soon she was kicking them off her ankles as she pulled her swimsuit down after them. There she was. Oh my. Lydia looked so hot. Her face was flushed with the moment, and she was still breathing very deeply. Her breasts were swaying freely now, not sagging but full and heavy. A bit of soft momma's tummy and a nice little "love handle" bulge completed her midsection. Tom put his hands on her shoulders.

"She looks good, doesn't she?"

"Very good", I responded. Lydia watched me as my eyes just drank in her soft gorgeous body.

"Look at this," he said, turning her around, "that ass feels fucking wonderful under you, man." Turning her back around he reached down her tummy. "Spread 'em a bit for our friend, love. Look at that cunt, man. I helped shave it nice and close this morning." Leaning down he slipped his hand down as she opened her legs enough for his fingers to slip back between them. I watched him slip his fingertips down between her lips and come up like he'd just scooped honey out of a hive. He held his fingers up for me to see.

"Look at that, man. Little horny lady's soakin' wet already." 

With that he put two fingers in his mouth and licked them clean. "Go ahead, take a taste man. Feel her up right in there. See what I mean? Fuckin' soaked. Taste it. She's sweet, man. Love the taste of her." 

I took his invitation, and as my hand slipped between her legs I saw her lean her head back on her lover's shoulder and close her eyes. He was right. Her pussy was dripping wet as my fingers slipped back and forth over her slit and slowly down between her folds. She opened her legs just a bit more as I slipped two fingers up inside her, and curled them just enough to press the into the top of her pussy behind the bone. Then slowly I pulled them out, stopping long enough to rub her clit a bit, then pull my hand out. He was right. Her juice covered my hand and smelled wonderfully musky and delightful.

"Taste it. Tell me if that ain't the best fuckin' pussy juice you've ever had!"

As I slipped my own fingers into my mouth, I became strangely aware that both of them were watching me lick up every drop.

Stepping back, Tom began to unbutton his shirt and kick off his deck shoes. "Come on, friend, strip down. Let's get comfortable. Give him a hand Lyddie."

The lady stepped forward and began to unbutton my shirt and smile at me. Leaning forward we began to lightly kiss as her fingertips opened my shirt and pushed it down from my shoulders. I helped slip it off and then tugged at my t-shirt. Lydia began unbuckling my belt. Pulling my head free and slipping it down my arms I suddenly got very self-conscious. There stood Tom, now fully nude. He wasn't much taller than me, and though a bit out of shape and overweight too, I still had quite a bit more tummy than him. But that wasn't the problem. Damn it. How could I compete with that? His cock was semi-hard and well over six inches and quite thick already, with more to come. I have known since the junior high football locker room I wasn't well endowed, but I'd never had to compare erections side by side. Oh as a teenager, I'd jacked off around a Playboy with a couple of friends, but even then we were much more interested in the Playmate of the Month than in one another's peckers. Pass around the Vaseline and the Kleenexes, and then discuss the lady's bush or lack thereof while we pounded our dicks until one by one we'd fill the tissue and tug our pants back up. I was usually the first to cum, so I'd get mine put back away before anyone's eyes would wander back down to my cock. The one friend who taught me to jack off did have a big cock even for 14, but I was more interested in his description of listening to his aunt and uncle fuck than in watching him get himself hard.

"Oh my. I can't compete with him, baby."

She was tugging my pants and shorts down. At least I was still fully hard as she did so, but mine was quite a bit more slender and just barely five inches all in (yes, I'd measured it long ago). 

"Don't worry hon, it's a lovely cock. Never circumcised, huh? I like that." With that, Lydia took it in her hand and pulled the skin back, kissing the tip and licking off the little droplet of pre-cum, circling the head with her tongue. As she did Tom put his hands on her shoulders and just watched as slowly my cock disappeared into her lovely mouth. He reached down and took his own in his hand and stroked it a couple of times, then slapped it against the back of her head a bit, working it up to its full stature. 

"She's a great cocksucker, mate. Come here, darlin'. Give me a hand, Steve. Let's get this little lady off."

Tom returned to the bed and Lydia sat back down on his lap, this time spreading her legs wide. His hands returned to her breasts and he began kissing her neck as she began to moan and sigh, one arm reaching back over her head to his neck as he licked and kissed up and down.

She looked at me. "OK, Steve, on your knees man. I want your face down between my legs. I want to cum all over your face, baby. I want to watch you eat my pussy." Her bossy tone actually kind of turned me on, and so I complied. As I knelt down, I must admit it was a new sight up close, her pale soft ass sitting on his hairy lap. As I let my fingertips open up her pussy lips, I could see his balls hanging down below as his cock disappeared up behind her against her ass. I could see her pussy throbbing, and her clit was obviously swollen. I took a preliminary lick up her slit, and then, feeling her hands on the back of my head, opened my mouth and began to suck and lick the top half of her pussy.

"Ohhhh. Ohhhhhhh. Ohhhhhhhhh," she breathed out, each gasp deeper. My tongue flicked around her clit and my hands ran up and down her legs. At the top they'd run into Tom's legs, but at the moment it didn't' matter. She was moving her pretty bottom and beginning to hump my face, grinding back to his cock and up to my mouth. I could feel her orgasm building. Another deep breath and I picked up the tempo of my licks and sucking.

"Oh yeah. Mmmmmmm. Ohhhhh. Oh fuck! Yesssss. Fuckin' suck it. Ohhhhhh."

"Is he a good boy, Lyddie? Sucking your cunt, isn't he? See him in the mirror? Eatin' that lovely bare pussy! Oh yeah. That's it."

Obviously they were both watching the scene in the mirror. I was fully engaged in my part of the "action", so no words could come from my direction, but I know I was making my share of noise. The thought occurred to me that I hoped someone had put out the "Do Not Disturb" sign or one of the housekeepers would get an eyeful.

"Oh Tommy, I gotta feel it. Ooooooo, baby! Put that cock of yours up in me."

I sat back on my heels as she put her hands on my shoulders and stood up. She looked down into my face and smiled between her moans. I saw Tom spit on his hand and lube the head of his cock. From my angle I could see his hand grip it and move the head up between her pussy lips. I kind of felt like a worker on a construction-sight helping guide a big girder into place. I smiled at the thought, but a tinge of self-consciousness slipped over me. Soon, the lady's voice broke the moment, and I re-engaged.

"There. There, baby. Oh yeah. You're in."

Lydia slowly sank back down on his lap, and I could see her pussy stretch open as she took him all the way up in. I thought I had front row seats to watch him fuck her, so I began to settle back.

"Oh no, buster. No way. Get back here. Ooooo. Oh yeah."

She pulled her lips back between her teeth as she began to move up and down his shaft. "I want to feel you mouth on my pussy again. You're sooooo fucking good."

Oh my. There was her pussy, soaked and gorgeous. I loved eating her, and my face was covered with her sweet cream. But there was a big cock in the way. There was no way to eat that pussy without feeling Tom's hard on working under my chin. 

"Fuck... now, man. Eat my cunt, you motherfucker. Now!"

That settled it. A man's gotta' do what a man's gotta' do. I bent back down and began licking her clit. It was a moving target, and soon I got lost in the effort to keep my tongue on it. I lost the sense of the situation, and just gave into it. As she drove her pussy down on his rod harder and harder, her hands gripped the back of my head and I felt the velvet of her soft inner thighs clamp around my face. It muffled the sound but I could still hear them up there working toward climax. I felt my tongue hit the base of his cock, and his balls slap my chin as she pounded harder. I couldn't pull up know. Her grip tightened in her fingertips and her thighs.

"That's it bitch. Good, isn't it? Go baby. Harder. Oh yeah. Ohhhhh..."

"Ohhh yeah. Oh yeahhhh. I'm gonna'. I'm gonna... yessssssssss,... fuck me. Harder baby. I'm... ohhhhh... yesssss... cum with me, Tommy. Cum with me."

At that my eyes opened. What the fuck? I'm down here! He's gotta' hold back! But her hot body is about to go. She's gorgeous. So hot. I'm trapped her anyway. Oh yeah, who cares. I kept licking and sucking harder as I could. Her pulsing pussy began to spasm and I felt a gush of liquid slip down my face. I knew her orgasm was hitting her hard, and that first squirt was from her. And then, I felt her whole body rise as Tom thrust up hard and deep, pulling her clit from my mouth. She squeezed her legs around my head trapping me momentarily without air or light.
