 It's late in the summer and we have both been working way too much. We really haven't had much free time lately.

I have decided that I want to treat you to a night out, so I covertly plan a nice dinner out and who knows what else.

The date is finally here and I ask you to go up and take a nap for a couple of hours because I have a surprise for you tonight. You think I want to have sex, but when we get upstairs to rest, I tell you that we will not have sex now, and make you leave me alone so that we can both sleep.

I have set the alarm for 2.5 hours later, and we drift off to sleep. When we wake, we shower, and still, I do not let you touch me other than actually showering, and you wonder what I could possibly be planning.

I pick out your clothes, since you do not know what to wear for the occasion, and we both get dressed to go.

You know it must be pretty swanky for our normal routine, because you don't often see me in heels, and you don't mind wearing a jacket, but it's unusual for you to do so.

When we are ready, we go downstairs, and the doorbell rings. You open the door, and the first thing you see is a knockout of a woman, standing there in a black, skirted uniform and cap. She asks you if you are ready to go. Before you can even note the limo parked in the driveway behind her, you think, "You have no idea how 'ready to go' I am."

You can't help but stare at her, open mouthed and almost drooling.. she is beautiful.. long, thick red hair flows from beneath her cap and her eyes are the greenest ones you've seen other than mine. I come to the door, and you turn to me, speechless, as I say hello to her and tell her that we are all set to go. She turns from us and walks toward the limo, her heels clicking on the driveway, her incredible ass swishing hypnotically from side to side as she moves. You know I'm not the jealous type, and that I don't get upset that you openly show interest in other women, so you continue to watch her until she gets to the car and opens the limo door for us. 

She is wearing a scent that makes your head a little light, and it lingers in the still summer air as we follow her path to the car.

I enter the car first, and you follow. We both notice the glimpse of the amazing cleavage beneath her jacket and white button down shirt when she bends into the car to show us the car's amenities and asks if there is anything else we would like before we leave the house. You look again at me, inquiring with your look too, and I tell her no, we're fine, and thank you. She closes the door and goes to the driver's door, gets in, and starts the car.

You ask me where we are going and I simply tell you that we are going to dinner and nothing more. You tell me that I look amazing and you turn to me and put your hand on my thigh. Even though I want you to take me right now, I tell you that we are not going to do anything to mess up my appearance before dinner. You tell me that finger fucking me won't mess up anything, but I still insist that you wait.

So, you relent, satisfied for now to sit next to me as we drink some champagne and relax during the ride.

When we arrive at the restaurant, she again opens the door for us and we go in to eat.

We have never been here before, but it has a reputation for being excellent. We are seated immediately as I have made reservations, and the waiter brings menus. The restaurant is set up so that there are no more than three small booths with tables in any one area, and for now, we are alone in our alcove. The tables are covered with floor length table linens and there are flowers and candles on each.

The waiter returns with water and takes our orders and wine choice, and we sit talking quietly, with you still trying to get your hand further up my mid-thigh dress.

After a few moments, I ask you if you liked our limo driver, as I picked her just for you. You reply that she made you hard as soon as you answered the door and that you are still not quite settled down yet. It is now that I tell you that it's time to give you your first treat of the evening.

Before you can ask me what it is, I lift the tablecloth and quickly slip beneath the table. I hear you gasp quietly, "Oh my God".

I begin to rub your thighs and crotch, carefully avoiding your cock for now. You squirm forward a bit in the seat so I can have better access and finally I reach up to unzip you and take your already throbbing dick out of your pants.

Slowly, I stroke you under the table and the excitement of what I am doing to you in this public place makes pre-cum ooze from you. I lick it with the tip of my tongue, enjoying the taste of you. Suddenly, you feel my warm, wet mouth around the head, my tongue swirling around it and quickly making you very hard. I take your entire cock into my mouth now, working it up and down, in and out, faster and faster, sucking harder as I progress. You are trying so hard to act like nothing is going on, like I simply went to the ladies' room, as I give you what feels like the best blowjob of your life.

I hear the waiter return to the table, and I slow down a bit to let you taste the wine and approve it, still licking the underside and sucking the head as you try to act normally. The waiter winks at you and leaves, and I continue to drive you insane with my mouth under the table. In a few minutes, you can't stand it anymore and struggle to remain quiet as you surge your hips toward me and release your huge load into my mouth. You feel me swallow it and continue to suck you lightly until you are as clean as you can be for now. I put you back together and wait while you adjust yourself so I can return to my seat beside you.

You tell me that you are impressed that I didn't even mess my hair and kiss me intently, brushing my breast with your fingers as you do.

The waiter returns with our order, and we take our time enjoying it, sharing, etc.

Afterward, we return to the limo and I tell the driver to just take us on a sightseeing tour for a while. As the car starts to move, I sit in the seat across from you and you can see for the first time that I am not wearing any panties. You had suspected this, but I had not let you confirm it until now.

Remembering the treat at the restaurant, you are eager to return the favor, and reach for the button to slide the privacy glass into the up position. When it closes, you remove your finger from the button and I reach over, pressing it down again. I tell you that I want her to see what a great pussy eater you are and to let her watch us in the rearview mirror.

She can hear the conversation, but only smiles. You position yourself between my legs and begin to lick my inner thighs and the outer areas of my already moist twat. I moan softly and spread my legs farther apart, using my fingers to open my pussy completely for you and running my fingers over my clit. I begin to breathe faster and moan louder as you work your tongue in and out and over my clit and finger fuck me madly. Suddenly, I grab your head and push it tightly into me and grind into your mouth as I cum long and hard.

I watch you as you return to your seat and work quickly to remove your pants. You tell me to turn around so you can enter me from behind. I am sitting in the seat facing the back of the limo, and when I turn around and get on my knees in the seat this way, my head enters the driver compartment of the limo. We are stopped at a red light, and the driver turns to me and we kiss each other deeply. This is another surprise for you and you stop what you are doing and watch us as our tongues intertwine and explore each other's mouths. I tell her that you are going to fuck me now, and she kisses me deeply again, now sitting at a green light. She tells me what a lucky woman I am, and finally, we are in motion again. I feel you enter me now, taking your time, wanting to stroke me slowly and completely as she drives us. I whisper to her how good it feels to have your cock inside me, that you always fuck me so good, it makes me crazy.

We are on city streets now, and she drives slowly. As I talk to her, she reaches down and hikes her skirt up as high as she can. Leaning farther over into the driver area, I reach down and insert my fingers between her pussy lips and then put them to my mouth, tasting her wetness. Then I wet them with her juices again and reach behind me to offer them to you as you continue to fuck me slowly. When you've tasted her on my hand, to your sheer pleasure and amazement, I slide my fingers into my own pussy and put them to her lips. She licks them clean and we kiss each other again as you watch.

Your pace has gradually increased as we put on this show for you and I know that you will soon be unable to hold off your orgasm. I urge you to fuck me harder and deeper as I put my hand inside her blouse and pinch her nipples firmly, making her moan now too. As she moans, I feel your grip tighten and your body spasm as your climax consumes your mind and cock.

I whisper something you can't hear in her ear and she nods. I take a minute to remove my dress and then sit on your lap facing you and bring your mouth to my nipples, each in turn. You take your time nibbling and stimulating them with your tongue and lips. You tell me how incredible tonight has been. I laugh and tell you that it has only just begun.