 There are times my wife really surprises me. Like when she said she'd like it if we both could sleep with other people. It took me a month to come out of shock. We've gotten a lot closer since then. The latest surprise was every bit as shocking. I received an invitation to a very interesting party that some friends throw every year…one where anything goes as long as it's consensual. We'd been invited before, but declined attending, since my wife Jen wasn't comfortable with the concept. So when she said she'd like to go this time, I was floored. 

I figured we'd be fairly popular…while neither of us is a model, we're both "pretty people". Jen is petite, about 5'1", with the womanly curves that I love, which translates to good hips and an ample bosom. I'm about 5'11", blonde, and while I'm not a bodybuilder, I'm in pretty good shape.

I had thought we would play around a bit with some of the people we knew well, but didn't really think we'd go very far, as it would be our first time at this kind of event. I had no idea how wrong I would be.

The first indicator was in the car on the way to the party, when Jen looked at me and asked, "So, what are the ground rules tonight?"

"That would be up to you, dear," I replied.

"How about Vegas rules?"

My mind went blank and my cock twitched. "You mean what goes there stays there?", I asked.

"Sure. Could be fun," she said.

So there it was. We'd given each other carte blanche to have a good time. This would either be one great evening, or a lead up to one hell of a fight.

We showed up a bit early, and helped by making a drink run for the hosts. By the time we got back, people had started showing up…many we knew, some we didn't. There was a brief introduction circle, and then we all got up and started mingling and partying.

I made some small talk with Liz, a buxom redhead I'd had a short fling with years ago, and with Vanessa, a very tall (6'1") blonde who I've always wanted to have a fling with. All the better, she had confided in me that she had the same desire…and wouldn't mind a round or two with my wife, either. Things were definitely starting to look promising for me, and it was time to see if Jen was enjoying herself, or getting a case of the wallflowers.

She was sitting where I'd left her, on the couch, but had been joined by someone we'd just met…a tall, thin man with a clean shaven head. I'd seen him earlier flirting with Liz, and now I watched him use the same formula on my wife. It was clear they were having a good conversation, and as they talked, he would lightly touch her, first on her forearm, then her thigh, never letting his touch linger. I had the distinct impression I was watching a master at work, and I took mental notes, since Jen and I have been together long enough that my normal flirtations with her are routine.

As they talked, he started letting his hand linger on her arm, and I could tell she was receptive to him doing so by her easy smile. He started lightly stroking her arm, then her thigh, then her calf, and then he gave her some sort of compliment…I could tell by her blushing smile, and the cute little way she ducks her head down when someone tells her she's beautiful.

While all this was going on, other couples and groups were doing things from make out sessions to light petting, and Liz caught my eye from where she was sitting on the floor near the couch. I made my way over to her, nuzzling her neck and purring in her ear. I delighted in the goosebumps I caused to dance across her flesh.

By the time I looked back to Jen on the couch, she and the tall, handsome stranger were kissing quite passionately. Evidently he had said the right thing, made the right move, and now he was finding out first hand how wonderful a kisser my wife is. I was a bit surprised, but not as much as I would be later.

Liz captured my attention by letting her lips and tongue slide across my neck, and drawing me close for a passionate kiss as well. I'd lost my shirt earlier, and she let her mouth wander down to my collarbones, my shoulder, and I gasped as she then licked a nipple. Over her head, I could see Jen and the stranger getting into it heavier on the couch, and our friend Dave had sit next to them to get a closer view of the passionate show. The stranger's hands were clutching at Jen's breasts through the fabric of her shirt, and she was moaning softly through their kissing.

Liz came up for another kiss, and I let myself be distracted by her as her hands roamed my torso. She recaptured my full attention as one hand lowered to rub my crotch, finding my already hard cock straining against my shorts from the overwhelmingly sexy situation. I looked at her and smiled, and my smile grew when I looked back to the couch: Jen's stranger had moved to the floor and had his hands up her skirt, while Dave was behind her and had pulled her shirt down so he could play with her breasts. The look of rapture on her face was intense.

Liz was intent on keeping my attention, and went to work removing my shorts. I was pleasantly surprised when Vanessa showed up and helped her with the task, laying down next to me on the floor. My pulse cranked up as Liz produced a flavored condom and covered my 7 inches with it, and Vanessa kissed me deeply as Liz took me into her mouth. I was in heaven. 

A quick glance at the couch let me know that Jen was in heaven as well, as the stranger had his face buried between her legs, and Dave was licking her nipples. I watched for a moment, and our eyes met…we shared a smile, letting each other know all was well.

Liz continued to suck my hardness, her head bobbing up and down, tongue swirling as Vanessa lay next to me, kissing me deeply as my fingers grasped and twisted her nipples. At some point, a man I didn't know, but that Vanessa certainly did, hiked her skirt up and began to lick her nectar in earnest, and we kissed all the more passionately through our pleasure.

I could hear Jen's moans intensifying, signaling an impending orgasm, and I sat up in the midst of my own pleasure to watch. And what a surreal image…Dave on her left breast, the host Bill on her right, the stranger between her legs, all with their mouths busy as she screamed out in ecstasy! I lay back down on the floor, my own orgasm wouldn't be far behind.

I heard myself starting to moan, and Liz picked up her pace, sucking for all she was worth…which was a lot, to say the least. Vanessa's cries started in my ear as her oral assailant continued to pleasurably torture her clit, and that was enough to push me over the edge. I screamed out, filling the condom with a powerful release of cum, and Liz continued suckling my cock, milking every last drop even through the latex barrier.

Liz was so incredibly kind, she removed the condom and cleaned me off with a towel, and then joined me in playing with Vanessa's breasts as she shuddered to her own orgasm from the man between her thighs.

I got up to the sounds of light applause, and blushed slightly as our audience let me through to the kitchen for a drink. I smiled to myself, amazed to be in this situation, knowing that it was more surreal than any of my most detailed fantasies…but so much more fulfilling. 

After a few minutes in the kitchen chatting, I went back to the living room to see that Jen and the stranger had reversed positions--she was now kneeling on the ground, his pants had been pulled off, her shirt and bra were gone, and she was bobbing on his cock, one hand grasping his balls, one tugging on her own breasts. I was amazed. It was as if a lock had been opened and the secret slut inside had been let out, and I hoped she never went back in. I sat down with some wine and watched for a while.

She alternated sucking his cock, which I estimated at about 8", and wrapping her tits around it and bouncing with just the tip in her mouth. He was moaning somewhat, and whispering compliments and commands to her. She was all in, and putting on a hell of a show. Truth be told, I had a twinge of jealousy at that moment, remembering how long it had been since she'd sucked my cock that way, but it passed quickly as my excitement took over. Being a good husband, I grabbed a flavored condom for her, and brought it to her, placing it in her hand. She looked up at me, and half smiled around the cock in her mouth. My own dick started to get hard again.

I sat next to the stranger on the couch, watching Jen pleasure him for another five minutes, my own member getting more and more rigid. Finally, I could take it no longer and joined Jen on the floor, behind her. I pulled her skirt up and over her back, and ran my hardness against her clit. Unfortunately, the height of the couch made the angle wrong for me to enter her from behind, so I just continued to rub her clit with my fingers and the head of my cock.

After a while, she opened the condom and put it on the stranger's long member, and looked back at me, the obvious question in her eyes. I'd never seen her so completely drunk with passion before as at that moment, and yet she still wanted to be certain I was OK with this. I nodded, and withdrew to a chair to drink a bit of wine and watch her play…I am very much the voyeur.

She mounted him slowly, letting him fill her, and he grabbed her breasts in both hands. I smiled, knowing how much she loves that very thing. Then she started riding him, slowly at first, and building speed. She didn't notice, but she was also building an audience.

She rode him hard for about five minutes before the first orgasm took her, and she began screaming and bucking harder. Amazingly, he kept right on fucking her, holding her hips and bouncing her off of his rock hard pole. She continued to scream out in time with each thrust, and slapping the wall behind his head with her palm. My smile widened, as I'm very familiar with that hand slap, having borne many a bruise on my chest from her deepest orgasms…he was giving it to her good, and getting her to a place that doesn't come often.

They continued like that, amazingly, and I counted off her orgasms as she screamed and bucked in the throes of passion. Finally, she stopped, after at least six, in need of a break. He took her hand and asked her to go upstairs as we in the audience applauded. She looked at me again, and I nodded my consent, and she went off grinning. In moments, we heard the same screams coming from upstairs.

It would be a good enough night and a good enough tale if it ended there, but it didn't. Vanessa wandered by me, and I caught her hand, silently leading her upstairs as well. I was getting the feeling that Jen had been picked up by a marathon runner, and I was still quite, quite horny.

I poked my head into the first room upstairs to see Jen on her back, legs up over the stranger's shoulders, and he was plowing into her with abandon in time to her screams. I watched for a moment as Vanessa fondled me from behind.

The next room was a nice scene indeed, with 3 couples intertwined in various ways. While a bit tempted, I wanted to have Vanessa to myself for a bit. The next room was empty, so we availed ourselves of it and laid next to each other on a makeshift bed on the floor.

We talked for a bit, opening up and sharing fantasies with each other, all the while hearing the sounds of passion from the other two rooms. With a sudden motion, I grasped her wrists and rolled her onto her back, my mouth seeking hers out for a passionate kiss.

I slowly trailed down the front of her, until my mouth came to her feminine treasure. I let my tongue dance into her, needing to pleasure her for pleasure's sake, and also from a sense of competition…I couldn't let her dark-haired friend be the best she'd had at this. I am sometimes a creature of ego, and I take great pride in my lesbian-trained skills.

In no time at all, her voice joined the choir of passionate screams around us, as I licked, sucked, teased her with every ounce of skill and lust within me. I took my time, playing her body like an instrument, bringing her climax out of her with a great scream of delight.

I crawled up to lay next to her, a smiling like the cat that ate the canary. As we lay together, I became aware of the lack of Jen's screams. I looked up into the hallway, and saw Dave standing there in a robe, watching the group show in the second room.

"Dave!," I called out, "Is my wife still fucking?"

"No, sir, I believe she's quite done," he replied.

"No she's not, send her in here!"

Jen walked in with a big smile, and cuddled up to me. Vanessa went to get a drink, and I pulled Jen on top of me, entering her with the ease of long practice.

"Enjoying the party?" I asked. She nodded, gyrating her hips a bit on top of me. She started fucking me slowly, kissing me deeply.

I noticed that Vanessa had gotten sidetracked in the hallway, as another of the men at the party was taking her from behind against the doorframe. I figured that fantasy would have to wait…I had wanted to have both her and my wife, but it wasn't going to happen this night. Needless to say, I didn't feel much disappointment as Jen started pushing all my buttons, swiveling her hips and squeezing me with her internal muscles.

"Do you like me being a slut?" she asked into my ear. "I just love the way a dick feels inside of me…"

Gods, but she knows how to push my buttons, and she was determined to make me come in record time. I moaned an answer in the affirmative, and grasped her breasts in my hands, pulling one to my mouth to lick and suck on her tightening nipple.

She leaned back, bouncing on me and rubbing her clit with her fingers, continuing to tell me just what a slut she must be, and how she was loving my cock inside of her, and how she was going to come so hard…and as she did, she took me along with her, both of us screaming out. 

The trip home was a long one, and she napped on the way. Crawling into bed at home, though, she looked at me and said "I must be a slut, but I need one more…" I didn't let her finish the sentence as I covered her mouth with mine, and drove into her again…

Needless to say, I doubt I'll never turn down an invitation to Bill's parties ever again.