 Someone (she thought those hands were Donald's) lifted her hips and set her on her knees. She was still crumpled and half-conscious, but she wanted more. She wanted to feel those turgid, manly cocks invading her holes. She wanted them to take turns banging away at her doggie style. She wanted to be stood up and bent over and pounded in her pussy. Her anus was now itching for more stimulation; it was no longer sore from last night, but rather stimulated from the poking she took a few minutes earlier. She was ready. She knew what was expected of her, and she was prepared to deliver.

Jennifer grabbed a cover from the bed closest to her and fanned it out in the middle of the room. She felt her way to the center of the spread and got on all fours. She wiggled her ass in the air and said, teasingly, "Who's next? Rowf!! Bow wow! Woof!" 

Someone must have been at the ready with his condom on, because he came right over to her, got on his knees and pulled her hips close. She was hot and wet and ready – there was no need for lubricant this time. He pushed his cock roughly into her and she exhaled hard, "Uh! Uh! Uh!" as he pounded and banged away at her. Her hand reached underneath her and stroked her own clit. "Mmmm... mmmm.....mmmm....." she moaned happily. With a thrust and a grunt he came and slipped out, only to be replaced by another immediately. 

"You guys on Viagra or what?" she asked, with a smile as one man with a moustache (Donald!) came close and kissed her on the mouth with plenty of tongue. 

"Hi, sweetie," she whispered. 

"God, Jen, you are the hottest fuck ever – talk about your 'twisted sister,' you take the cake!" was his whispered reply in her ear as the man behind her stroked into her pussy long and deep. She smiled wide and opened her mouth provocatively. She wasn't disappointed; soon she was happily sucking on yet another cock. 

She pulled off for an instant, "How many guys are here again?"

"Just us three...now get back to business, cock sucking whore." After the man doing her doggie-style slipped out for a new play, she rolled onto her back and drew Donald's cock back down her throat, using her hands on his ass to control the depth and pace. She didn't fail to impress him...her depth and capability and pacing were quite satisfactory. No gag reflex, and he was as deep as her lungs, it seemed like. When she had him stroking in and out at the pace she liked, she released his ass and began again to massage her breasts and tweak her nipples. They were so tender and large and hard...she pinched them roughly and squirmed. The other two seemed to have recovered adequately and were stroking themselves to build up good, rigid, hard-ons once again. One sat in a chair and said, "Come on back here and sit on my lap, sweetheart."

She got up and joined him, getting a handful of lubricant he offered her as she came close. This she coated her ass crack with...knowing what was expected of her. She lowered herself slowly onto his cock, slipping it with some difficulty into her asshole. "Aaaaaaaahhh.... ungh....ungh.... ungh.....mmmmmmmm." 

Her vocalizations were such a turn on – it was clear she was new to ass-fucking, but she was so willing, and seemed to enjoy it once they got going. Now that he was buried in her butt, he raised her up with his strong biceps, and allowed her to slip up and down the pole. "I wanna be stuffed," she said. "Who's gonna stuff me?" With her blindfold on she couldn't have known that another man was within inches of stabbing her cunt with his sword, so no sooner were the words out of her mouth than she was impaled by a hunk of meat somewhat larger than she was ready for. 

Her legs shot out and she was practically balanced on her ass, held up between two men stroking in and out. The man she was sitting on was unable to move and stroke, but he busied himself with her nipples. The other one was bracing himself on the arms of the chair, and it was an awkward position. "I think it's time to make her "airtight," he said. He slid out and lifted her off the other man's cock. Her ass felt raw and open. 

They moved back to the floor where Jennifer mounted the man laid out there. Another straddled his chest so that his cock was in her face and she readily took it in and began to suck hungrily. Last of all, someone moved in behind her, reapplied plenty of lubricant, and slid his cock into her willing ass. 

"Ohhhhhhh, god, yes, this is it," said the guy in her ass. He had the advantage of being able to watch her head bob and dip as she sucked prick right in front of him. The only sounds heard were moans and grunts, and the squish sound of flesh melding together. They stroked and banged and screwed until she sucked the one in front of her off, taking all of his cum into her mouth and swishing it around for his viewing pleasure until she deliberately, with three gulps, made a show of swallowing his jism. He left the room and went to start the shower. The man underneath her reached up with his head to bite her nipples and squeeze her ample tits. The man behind began to grunt and rut and shoved his cock in harder and harder until she squealed, and he came until he figured he had ripped through his latex protection. Slipping out, he disposed of his condom, leaving only Jennifer, riding cowgirl style, on one other man. He reached up and untied her blindfold, and she saw his face. It was Donald, and he had delivered as promised, even on short notice. "The gun?" she asked, as she continued to flow up and down his pole. 

"Cap gun, never loaded," he replied. "You had to think it was real."

Recalling the sheer terror she felt when she was sure her life was in peril, and then the adrenaline rush, and behaving like such a good cum-slut, guilt-free since she was "forced" to do so, she forgave him the frightening ruse he had provided. They rolled as one, and he screwed her harder and faster, until, gasping for air, they both came.