 As a young man I went on a summer holiday to a health resort in the mountains.  This was a small chalet style resort with something organised each day with all guests expected to participate.  On the second or third day I opted out of the bush walk planned for the day as an old ankle injury was playing up.  I spent a couple of lazy hours reading and then thought to take a sauna.  As I was the only guest left in the chalet, I showered and, wrapped only in a towel, went down to the sauna.  When I arrived, I thought it strange that it was already hotswitched on, but took no particular notice.  I entered and after laying out my towel on one of the benches, I lay down naked to enjoy my sauna.  

I soon became a little soporific from the heat and so my mind was miles away when the door opened and someone walked in.  I woke suddenly and tried to cover myself, while struggling to sit up to greet the newcomers.  I recognised them as the cook, Helga and her husband, Sven, the night manager.  Sven said "Sorry, Rob, we thought that all guests were out for the day, otherwise we wouldn't have attempted to use the sauna.  We will leave now and not disturb you."  

I replied "Don't be concerned, I thought that I couldn't finish the walk, so declined to go out today.  I don't mind sharing this place with you, in fact it is a bit quiet and I would appreciate the company. Come on in."  

They both accepted this and entered, closing the door behind them.  While I was still sitting trying to cover my nakedness, Helga shrugged out of the towelling robe she was wearing and placed it on the lower bench opposite me.  She was now stark naked and was totally unconcerned that I was there as she lay down on the robe covered bench.  Sven also removed his towel and having placed it on the bench above Helga, he climbed up naked to the bench and lay down on his back.  This gave me some reassurance so I rearranged my towel and lay down also.  We began to talk quietly and they said that they often sneaked into the supposedly guests only sauna when all the guests were away for the day as they had been accustomed to their own sauna back in Sweden where they came from.

After a little while, we were all sitting on the benches with Sven sitting alongside Helga and facing me.  I noticed that Helga had only a small tuft of pubic hair above her pussy which was otherwise quite bare and that Sven had no hair on the shaft of his cock or balls, but only a thin band above.  Both were quite unconcerned about their hairstyles.  By now I had been in the sauna for quite a while so I went out to take a cooling shower.  When I returned, it was obvious that they had been talking about me because they suddenly stopped and glanced at each other.  I noticed that x/Sven's penis had grown a little and that Helga seemed to squirm around.  I resumed my position opposite them and we chatted again about inconsequentialities until Helga suddenly realized that I would need lunch and invited me back to their cabin to share it with them, saving her the need to open the main kitchen.  I accepted.

When we had dressed and left the sauna, Sven said not to bother returning to my room to change but to simply join them.  Together we walked the short distance to their cabin.  It was a small place with just one main room combining bedroom and lounge, with a separate kitchen, bathroom and toilet leading off it.  Sven showed me to the shower and then went to the kitchen to make coffee.  As I was showering, Helga came in and asked if I wanted my back scrubbed.  I accepted and, throwing off her robe, she joined me under the shower and took up a loufaloofah.  She began to scrub my back with it and with the heat from the recent sauna and the not so gentle scrubbing, my back began to glow.  Then she moved further down and began on my legs, commencing at my ankles.  I am sure that it was not accidental when the loufaloofah periodically brushed my scrotum as she worked her way up to my thighs.  When she had finished my legs, my old fellow was standing up and taking a keen interest in proceedings.

She asked me to turn around and when I did she laughed and said "You are a naughty boy to be pointing that thing at me." and gave it a gentle squeeze.  At this moment Sven entered the room and said "I see that Helga has been helping you with your shower.  She is good at it isn't she?"  I nodded, not wishing to speak at that moment.  "The coffee is ready, but first I must also have take a shower."  So saying he threw off his towel, revealing his now rising member and stepping unconcernedly under the spray. I moved aside and began to dry myself and when I looked back, Helga and Sven were embracing under the spray.  When they separated, I saw that Sven was fully erect and Helga had a flush on her cheeks.  They finished their shower and towelled off as I was towelling my hair dry.  With obvious disdain for any clothes, they both hung their towels on the rack and Helga took mine so that it too could be hung to dry.

We walked naked together into the lounge area to take our coffee.  Somehow when we sat down we were all on the same settee with Helga between Sven and I.  Sven draped his arm around Helga and allowed his hand to droop down to her breast and his fingertips were tweaking her nipple. By now my tool was hard again and Helga placed her hand in my lap and was idly cupping my balls.  I felt it was only fair to reciprocate and soon I had my hand between her thighs outlining her pussy with my fingers.  When the coffee was finished, she became more serious and began running her fingers along my shaft while I parted her labia and began titillating her clitoris.  I noticed that she had taken Sven in her other hand and was gently rubbing along his tool.  He had now leaned forward and was kissing and sucking on her breasts.

Helga suggested we would be more comfortable on their bed, so we disentangled and moved over to it.  She lay down in the centre of the bed and seizing the opportunity, I positioned myself in the classic 69 position so that my head was between her thighs.  As I bent forward to examine that wonderful place, I felt a hand on my balls and a mouth caressing my shaft.  Soon, I was licking along her slit and then I took her button in my mouth and began sucking.  The mouth on my cock had now moved to its head and was slowly swallowing me.  When Helga clearly asked "Put your finger inside me." I realized that it was Sven sucking so expertly on me and that I had forgotten that he was there.  As he continued to suck on me, I felt a well lubricated finger exploring my sphincter and, when I didn't complain, forcing its way past that barrier.  I couldn't complain, because I was too busy concentrating on sucking Helga's clitoris and frigging her with my fingers.

The attention I was giving her and the sight of what Sven was doing to me became too much for Helga who began to buck and squirm as she was hit by her climax.  As it reached its crescendo, she called loudly "Please, please fuck me now!"  I hesitated only long enough for Sven to disengage himself from me and turned myself around.  Lining up her now wide open twat I stabbed her with my hot, wet meat.  I entered her all the way in a single plunge and felt my balls hit her thighs.  Immediately, Helga let out a cry of joy and I felt a pair of hands on my buttocks which held me firmly in place at the extent of my thrust.  I realized it was x/Sven's hands holding me in place as Helga lowered her cry to more of a whimper with the passing of another orgasm.  He then allowed me to withdraw slightly while he manoeuvred my legs to the outside of Helga's.

I felt pressure against my sphincter again and instinctively knew that it was no finger this time.  As the pressure increased, I could feel the head of x/Sven's tool push forward and penetrate my back passage.  As he was pushing into me, so I was pushing into Helga, the sensation was exquisite, with my cock surrounded by warm womanhood and my arse filled with hot manhood.  It took all my control to prevent my climax erupting there and then.  When I had myself under control, we settled down to our lovemaking.  As we continued, Sven synchronised himself with me so that as I withdrew from Helga, I impaled myself on Sven and as I entered her, so Sven was withdrawn from me.  

Helga's moaning became more pronounced, and her response to my hammering into her became more erratic as she reached her final shuddering climax.  This caused me to lose all control and with no thought for Sven trying to keep up, I began pounding into her with all my might.  I could feel my balls slamming against her labia and the tip of my cock was now touching the back of her cervix.  She screamed as I plunged in one last time and holding myself as deep as possible I let go of a huge load of jism.  As my orgasm receded and I came back to reality, I discovered that Sven had held his position inside me.  

When he sensed that I had stopped pumping my cum into Helga, Sven resumed his fucking of me.  He must have been nearing his climax also as his previously well controlled stroking became more erratic and his breathing became laboured.  Soon he was forcing himself hard inside me and I could feel his balls slamming against my buttocks. As his breathing became more rasped, he withdrew until the tip of his manhood was touching my sphincter and plunged into me with incredible force.  When he was fully buried inside me, he came with gush after gush of white hot jism spurting into me.  There was so much that I thought he would never end while the feeling of this new invasion brought me to a new peak of excitement and I shot a new load of my own into Helga's welcoming cunt.  This triggered her again and her scream was loud in my ear.

As Sven and I finished pumping our jism into the respective holes, we fell exhausted onto the body beneath us.  I could now feel that Sven was noticeably softer than he had been and was beginning to shrink. Shortly after he withdrew from me and rolled to one side.  I had now subsided somewhat and as Helga seemed to be having trouble getting her breath back, I too withdrew and then rolled to the other side of her.  We three lay there recovering for some time with Helga rolling back and forth between Sven and me in an almost continuous round of kissing and cuddling.

Needless to say, I often found an excuse to miss the daily walk after that.