 Disclaimer: This is an adult story that should not be read by minors under the age of 18. This is a half-truth story. The names of the characters have been changed to keep them from killing me. It involves adult over the age of 18 in scenes of bj, m/f, m/f/f, f/f, m/f, cops, strippers, first time, and strangers.

Check out my bio for more information on myself and my stories.

I couldn't believe my luck that night. Here I was, having a very shitty day, only to have it end this great. It started when I had to go to my parents for diner. Well, that's not completely true. More like, I had to join my parents for diner. I, unfortunately, still live at home. Not because I want to, but because it saves on money and helps me pay off the last remains of my student loans and new car. Damn society, telling people to go to school and better themselves. Where had my university degree gotten me? Working 60 hours a week at a shit job for shit pay with bosses complaining about me putting in to much overtime and wanting me to work those hours for regular pay.

Anyway, like I was saying that's how it started. Having worked over 220 hours for the past month, only to be stuck at home with the family instead of going out with my friends.

After super, I watched t.v. and was about to relax with a new book, when I remembered that I had gotten on the guest list for a club party tonight. They're usually not open on Sundays, being more of a Thursday and Saturday night place, and those nights are usually jammed pack, so I figured that this would be a good opportunity to go out and have some fun.

I left the house after ten p.m. and got there in less than 20 minutes. As I was parking, I happened to see two hot girls wandering around the parking lot, as if lost. When I found a spot to park and got out, those same two girls approached me and asked for my help. They needed a ride back to their place because they forgot their ids and some money. Since I wasn't meeting anyone inside, and the night was still early, I agreed. This surprised them, because apparently no one else they'd asked would help them. So we all hopped back into my car and drove off.

In the car they introduced themselves to me. The first was Tami, a hot 19 year old with thick light brown hair, brown eyes, full of energy, and a great pair of tits shown off by her tight blue top.

The second girl was Amy, equally hot, and a year younger at 18, she was about the same height as Tami, both girls standing over 5'9", (maybe a bit taller because of their shoes) but slimmer. Not that Amy was big, far from it. She still had the perfect body, with wicked curves. It's just that Amy had the figure of a great dancer, with an ass to match. Amy's eyes where blue, giving her an innocent expression, and her hair – more brunette with a hint of red and some dirty blonde streaks – was longer, hanging down to just above her waist, and she had a pierced tongue. It made me wonder what else of hers was pierced. But man, what an ass she had. Tami and Amy. Tits and Ass. That was a good way of thinking of them. But I'm sure they had a great personality too.

"Thanks again for driving us, we really appreciate it," Tami said. "We'll pay you twenty dollars for your gas and trouble."

"Don't worry about it, it's my pleasure to help two beautiful damsels in distress." Could I have been any cornier?

"That's so sweet," Tami said. In the back, Amy started giggling. "But I insist on repaying your kindness." I couldn't turn to look at Tami when she said this, but when I glanced in my rear view mirror Amy had a wicked smile. 

Before I knew it, Tami had leaned towards me and unzipped my pants. My eyes practically bugged out of my head, and when I glanced back at Amy again, she still had that same wicked smile. I had to quickly return my gaze to the road as my mind was tripping.

"Holy shit," I gasped as I felt Tami's soft lips enfold the head of my cock. "H-how do I get to your place a-again?" I stammered.

Since she wasn't wearing her seatbelt, Amy leaned forward, her head right beside mine and with her right hand pointed. "Keep going straight up this road, then make a right at the second lights."

By now my cock was rock hard and Tami took as much as she could down her throat. She had even undone my pants so she could pry the rest of it out, including my balls. She used the elastic of my boxer shorts to pry them up. Though not an expert, Tami was pretty good at this. She would bob her head up and down, trying to take as much of it down her throat as she could, though I am pretty large at over 9 inches. She didn't pay enough attention to the more sensitive area under my cock head, but I didn't mind.

"Okay, turn here," Amy pointed, "And keep going till you pass the grocery store. Deep Throat here lives close to that area."

Tami mumbled something that I couldn't understand, but sent ripples through my cock, making me moan. I looked to Amy through the mirror for a translation. "She says to watch out for the cops around here. She doesn't want to have to give up doing this in order to suck off the cop to get out of a ticket."

As if that was a signal, flashing red lights suddenly appeared behind Amy's head in the mirror.

"Shit," I swore as I tried to push Tami's head away and off my cock, but she wouldn't move. I looked t m speed, and realized I had been going to fast because of the rush. Worse of all, I hadn't even cummed in her mouth yet, and it looked liked the night might now be over.

Even though Tami was still sucking on my cock, I managed to pull over to the side. To make matters worse, Amy was still leaning forward, clearly showing that she wasn't wearing a seatbelt.

As he police officer stopped behind me and slowly walked over to my car, I tried once again to push Tami away, but she clamped down and wouldn't let go. Her teeth dug into my cock, painful but not by much. She was just determined to finish. Amy didn't show any surprise about this behavior.

When I heard the tap on my window, I knew I was dead. I rolled the glass down and once again I was surprised. It wasn't a guy cop who had pulled me over, but instead a woman officer; and a very hot one at that. She must have just been out of the academy, which was probably why she was out patrolling the streets at this time of the night.

"Did I catch you at a bad time?" she asked me, her eyes pointing at the head bobbing up and down on my lap. "Do you want me to wait until your done?"

Instead of being angry, the cop seemed to be amused. I could have sworn I even saw her reposition her hips, as if she had to pee or something. Was this turning her on?

"Well, I'm not going to blow this one," Amy said, loud enough for the cop to hear. "You'll have to get out of this mess on your own." 

I couldn't believe Amy had just said that, and to make things even more shocking, the cop was actually smiling. That was all I could take, and I blew my load down Tami's throat. As soon as I started cumming, Tami feverishly swallowed every drop, using her hands to milk my cock for all its worth. The cop waited with a smile for me to finish, and Amy never moved from her spot.

When Tami finally managed to get the last drop from me, she sat up, her beautiful face split by a huge grin. As if she didn't even know the cop existed, she turned to Amy and said, "Tastes like salty steak." Amy started giggling, but Tami had more to say, "And a bit like your dad."

"Hey!" Amy stopped laughing, but her smile never left.

"Now that that's all settled, could you please step out of the car, sir." I knew that she wasn't asking.

Resigned to my fate, I took off my seat belt and opened the door. The policewoman stepped aside as I got out, giving me a better opportunity to check her out. Though she was wearing the blue uniform of a cop, it fit tightly to her athletic body, showing off her delicious curves. And boy did she have them. Her top alone strained at the seams holding her breasts in.

"So what seems to be the problem, officer…?" After just having a great blowjob, the cop enjoying the show making it even better, I felt confident and cocky. And seeing how the babe in blue here was so hot, why not try and flirt my way out of trouble?

"That's Sergeant Samantha, stud." She was now checking me out. Which is of course when I realized that my pants where still undone and my cock hanging out. When her eyes stopped on my semi-erect member, it sprang back to life.

"Impressive," she said through that smile of hers. "Do you know how fast you were going back there?"

"Well, I know I just met these girls, but I never forced her to go down on me."

"That's real cute buddy." She walked closer to me, her hips swaging seductively. "I should bring you in just for carrying this concealed loaded weapon." Saying that, she grabbed hold of my cock. Her hand was small, but firm. She must have squeezed off a few rounds in her time.

"So what can I do to get out of this predicament, Sergeant Samantha?"

"Fuck her!" Amy shouted as she leaned out the back window.

"Yeah, fuck that pig!" Tami agreed.

Still holding onto my cock, she once again looked me up and down. "The jury has spoken. And if you're really good, I might just let you off with a warning."

Needing nothing more to say, I leaned into Sergeant Samantha and kissed her, my tongue pushing her ruby lips apart and teasing her own. With my hands, I started to unbutton her police jacket. As soon as it was open, her big tits bounced out. She wasn't even wearing a shirt underneath. This must be a very small coat to have kept those globes standing.

With her breasts free, she decided that it was now her turn, so, never breaking our tongue wrestling, she slid her hands over my chest and pulled my shirt off. She had to break our kiss for a second to get it over my head, but once that was done, she stuck her tongue back in my mouth.

Being my turn again, I slid my hands down her large breasts, over her flat stomach and to her belt. I quickly undid her belt, followed by her skin-tight pants. Since they were so tight, this didn't cause them to fall, so I had to slowly slide down her body, my lips pressing against her exposed flesh, until I was facing her privates. There, I grabbed hold of her pant's edges and pulled them down. By now, I was no longer surprised when I saw that she wore no panties.

Although my cock was already out, the cop thought it would only be fair if I was dressed to match, so bending over, she yanked my open pants down so they fell to my ankles. When she stood back up, she was leaning over the hood of my car, her ass pointed towards me, and her pussy spread open.

I couldn't believe my luck tonight. I spent only a few seconds staring at this cop who was bent over on my car, and then I shoved my hard cock inside her. There was a surprising bit of resistance. Her pussy was tight like it hadn't been fucked in a while, but it was hot and she knew how to use it.

"You have the right to scream real loud baby," I said to the cop as I pounded her from behind.

She wasn't screaming yet, but she was moaning loudly as my dick kept going in and out of her pussy. Her large breasts were being crushed into the hood of my car as I pushed down on her back with one hand to keep her steady. My other hand was holding onto her hips.

"Oh yeah, that's it." She groaned. "Yeah, fuck me like that stud. Fuck me like you want to fuck those two bimbos."

"Look at them go," Amy said in awe. When I glanced over at the two girls, they had gotten out of the car and watching with rapt attention. Amy's jaw was hanging open, unable to believe that I could fit my huge cock into that tight pussy. By the way she was wriggling around, I could tell that she was getting moist.

Tami, on the other hand was watching hungrily. She had a predatory look in her eyes, and she'd lick her lips when she saw me watching her.

"That's it!" Sergeant Samantha suddenly cried out. "Yeah, yeah! Right there." She was squirming wildly now. "Ohhh, ohhh, yeah!" She was getting louder and I knew that she was about to cum. Her pussy was having a death grip on my cock. It was so tight that I could pull it out anymore, so instead I just plunged in further, my balls practically buried inside as well.

Amy leaned forward, her eyes sparkling as she watched the cop shake.

"Cum inside me baby!" The cop suddenly shouted. "Cum with me. Right now!"

Being the law abiding individual that I am, I couldn't say no to an official police request, so gritting my teeth I ran the head of my cock along her insides, and growled as I unleashed my flood. Since I had just cummed a few minutes ago, there wasn't as much this time, but Samantha knew how to use her pussy to milk my cock.

Tears flowed down her cheeks as she cried out from another orgasm, and when I was done, she was still moving. Finally, she let go of my cock and I helped her back up. Turning around, she kissed me once again, her hands wrapped around my neck, while mine grabbed her ass.

When we broke the kiss, she smiled at me, her eyes sparkling and I knew that she had really enjoyed it. "Thanks stud. I wish all the guys I pulled over where that good."

She kissed me again, a quick one this time, and then we got dressed. I watched as she pulled up her pants, apparently unconcerned about some of my cum dripping out of her cunt. When we were both fully clothed again, I helped the girls back into the car, and then I got in as well. My window still open, Sergeant Samantha leaned in and handed me ticket.

"Well, I'll let you off with a warning this time, but next time I catch you speeding, you better be ready to go even longer stud." I looked at the ticket, and was relieved to see that it had her name and phone number on it.

"Bye Sam!" Tami shouted as the cop walked away.

"Later Tams. Tell your mom I'll be around on the weekend."

I turned a questioning look towards Tami. "Tams?"

"Yeah, she's my cousin." Tami had a huge grin on her face. "Did I forget to mention that while you were plowing her?" Well, that answered some questions. Amy probably signaled Samantha as we drove past her. These girls were crafty.

Back in the driver's seat (as it were) I continued driving the girls home, just so we could get Tami's id. It only took a few minutes, Tami quickly running into her house and coming back out within seconds, and we were heading back to the club. Amy had remained in the back. I had been hoping that she would take a turn up front and "thank me" for the lift, but alas, it wasn't to be. I didn't mind, I was still having a great time right now, and was looking forward to hanging out with them at the club.

The drive back wasn't as eventful, but like I said, I didn't mind. The girls were not over excited, wanting to get on the dance floor and party, and I wanted to see their moves. Tami would go on about how Amy was such a great dancer, and from the way she looked in those very tight blue jeans, I could imagine. This was also when they finally asked me what my name was. "Dave," I said.

When we got to the club, we got right in because there was no line up. The place wasn't as popular as it was a few weeks ago, because all the locals had gone back to school, but this meant it wouldn't be over crowded and we could enjoy ourselves. As soon as we got in, I went to the bar and bought us all beers and shots, and then we went onto the floor.

The music wasn't that great right away, so none of us where giving it are all. With things going so slow, I left them for a bit to flirt with other girls, but as the music picked up I went back to them. They where already on their third beers, and Amy had attracted some attention from her wicked moves. Tami hadn't done her justice. Amy was a fantastic dancer. The way she moved her ass and hips was incredible. She was all over the place, without having to leave her spot.

When Amy saw me, she grinned and danced up to me, grinding her body against mine. I am often told that I'm also a great dancer, so I was able to keep up with her, my right hand either on her hips or ass so I can keep the lead. When she'd turn around, she'd grind her ass into my cock and I'd wrap my hand around her exposed belly. Tami would join in, and they'd sandwich me between them, or Tami and Amy would dance together, their hands moving all over each other.

When the announcement finally came for the wet t-shirt contest to start, Amy had one of her legs wrapped around my own legs, as she grinded her pussy on my knee. I had to let her go so she and Tami could run up on stage to participate.

The contest was so hot. There were five girls in total, but the other three where nothing compared to Amy and Tami. And on this I am being very serious. This club could get hot girls, but the wet t-shirt contests where usually lame. One of the girls up there was so fat, that I was embarrassed for her. She, of course, was booed off the stage before they even turned the hose on.

But as the D.J. played the music, Amy would move wildly on the stage, getting everyone cheering with the way she swung her hips and squat, wiggle her ass, and everything. Her t-shirt was cut so short, that it barely covered her nice breasts, and when they sprayed her, the shirt became so translucent and thin, it was like she wasn't wearing it. Not to mention what it did to her pants. My god, my cock was getting so hard watching her.

Tami was just as awesome. Though she didn't have the same moves as Amy, her tits were bouncing. She had a bit more material covering herself than Amy, but again the water did its job, and it must have been cold, because her nipples where sticking right out there. And when her pants got wet, they would slide down her hips, showing off a bit of flesh that drove all the guys wild.

When it came time to decide a winner, everyone was cheering for Amy because of her moves, so Tami decided to one up her friend and she lifted up her shirt. I could tell she had nice breasts from the top she had been wearing, but when she showed them off, I was able to see them for all their glory. The final decision was that they both won, and since they were already friends, they could share the prize money.

After the contest, we stayed long enough for the girls to enjoy some free beers that guys kept buying them, but they were still wearing their wet pants, and they were getting cold, so I drove them home. This was also the moment I had been waiting for, because I was waiting for one of them to invite me back in to their house. Things became even better when Tami got Amy to sleep over at her place, so I'm thinking "fun time".

However, when I got to Tami's place, they got out and thanked me for a good time. No intention of asking me to come in. Oh well, I still had a blast that night. But not wanting to leave empty handed, I got both of their e-mail addresses.

When I got home I took a shower (cold of course) and went online. I wanted to see if they were also online. When I put them on my messenger sure enough there they both where.

I quickly said hi to them, and we exchanged a few lines of small talk, before Tami asked me to take them away. 

"Come back and get us Dave."

They were still drunk, and had money burning in their pockets, and they wanted to go have some fun. I must have been a bit drunk still myself, because I was quick to agree. We decided to go to Niagara Falls, and within minutes I had left to pick them up.

This is what I had been waiting for. I had to be in for work on Tuesday, but I knew they would do well enough without me. I was still burned out and I needed to have some fun. When I got to Tami's place, the girls where sitting on the stoop in their grubs (loose pants and fluffy tops). Though not usually worn for their attractiveness, these clothes still managed to show off their hot bodies. Once again I was thinking, Tits and Ass baby. Tits and Ass.
