 Sara sat alone in the small restaurant/bar of her hotel trying to concentrate on the book she had been reading while waiting for her meal to be served. She was still upset over her friend not keeping his promise. He had made her visit unbearable and rather than argue with him another day she had left and gotten herself a room till her flight out Sunday night. Alone, in a strange city, not knowing how she was going to occupy herself for the next three days.

She had picked up some tourist fliers in the hotel lobby that morning and had spent the early part of the day visiting a quilt shop, and various other shops nearby.

Sara knew that Jack still had feelings for her but they had discussed that many times in the last couple of years. She had thought they had agreed that all she could ever be to him was his friend. When he invited her down to Dallas for the holiday she made sure that he understood she was only coming as his friend and he had promised her that he would not try to get her to take up a more intimate relationship with him again.

Five years ago their friendship was an intimate one for a short time. They had been friends who enjoyed each others company, enjoyed the same kinds of music and best of all Jack was a fantastic cook. Sara's talents did not lie in the cooking area. She was lucky if she could fry an egg without breaking the yolk.

They had met five years ago while he was staying in Ohio for a year on a teacher exchange program he participated in. He used to come into the store where she worked everyday to buy his cigars and wines he enjoyed. They had, over time became friends, getting on a first name basis and talking more and more when he came in the store. They had known each other a couple of months when he invited her out for dinner and a movie.

Over the next few weeks they went out often to see a movie and a couple of times to a concert when they got tickets. She was pleasantly surprised to find out that he was also a lover of classic rock as she was. They had gotten tickets to an ACDC concert and had the best times of their lives that night.

Jack was 52 and she 49, both were divorced, he for 15 years and she for 7. She had asked him how come he had never settled down with anyone after being divorced for so long. He told her that he had dated a few times over the years but just never found anyone he wanted to spend the rest of his life with. 

Sara felt the same way, she too had dated a few times since her divorce. The three relationships she had had during that seven years had all ended for various reasons but within all three relationships the biggest reason was because of a lack of intimacy. 

Sara was very oversexed, she wanted intimacy in her life daily, not on a weekly basis. Nor was she happy with a wham, bamm, thank you mamm type either. She could never be happy nor settle for anything less then a very sexual relationship with her partner.


When she and Jack had first become intimate, she was terribly let down. It had been so long for Jack that he just could not maintain an erection. She never said anything to him, telling him it was ok and that she would bet once he was used to being intimate again things would change. She did not want to hurt his feelings in anyway as she really did care for him as a friend.

The next few weeks, nothing changed. After the second time they had become intimate Sara knew that Jack would never be the kind of lover she needed. Not even with help from the magic blue pill could he ever be the man she needed. In the back of her mind Sara had a feeling that his ineptitude in that department is the reason his wife left him.

She finally told him that she wanted to be his friend but that she could only think of him as a friend and not a lover. At first he was hurt and wouldn't talk to her. For almost three weeks he never came into the store after she had told him they could only be friends. Then one night he came in and asked her to forgive him for being such an asshole and would she come to dinner as his friend.

For the next few months until his year was up they shared many meals and just acted like good friends. There were a few times when Sara knew he was hoping he could change her mind but she stopped any ideas he had on that quickly. When he went back home to Dallas they kept in touch by phone and in letters.

He had called and invited her to spend Christmas vacation with him. She could tell he was really depressed and needed someone to spend some time with over the holiday. She needed to get away as well, feeling that same little bit of depression as he was not having anyone to spend the holiday's with either.

She had to lie to her boss to get the time off telling him that it was a personal family emergency in order to get the time off. Jack called the travel agent near her to arrange for her ticket and she was set to leave two days before Christmas. She had bought him a couple of small gifts, some cigars and six bottles of his favorite wines.

She was going to spend ten days with him coming home two days after New years. The first week went great, they caught up on what had been going on in their lives, she got a tour of the school where he taught and met some of his coworkers. They attended a holiday gathering the teachers had every year the last night of school before the holiday, meeting many of his friends.

The trouble began two days before New Year's. He had taken her site seeing, she saw where Kennedy was shot, stood on the Grassy Knoll and that night he had taken her to a fancy restaurant instead of cooking in. Sara was not a wine drinker at all, she had never tasted any wine that she liked but he had ordered her a sweet wine that she enjoyed very much.

When they returned to his home they sat around watching TV for a bit then Sara excused herself telling him she was going to turn in. She had only been in bed about 30 minutes when he came into her room. She could tell immediately why he was there. He tried to convince her to let him make love to her just once before she returned home. She argued with him for almost an hour brushing off all his advances, until he finally stormed out of her room.

Sara laid awake for two hours making sure Jack had finally fallen asleep and was going to leave her alone. She quickly and quietly packed her things then slipped out the back door and left. She found a hotel and got herself a room, then she fell into a troubled sleep. She called Jack early the next morning telling him she was sorry but she had decided to go home early and hoped that they could still remain friends.

She put the book down giving up trying to read it right now, she would try again later when she was back in her room. She had just put the book back in her purse when a man came to her table and introduced himself.

"Please excuse us for being forward and intruding, but my wife and I would like to invite you to share your meal with us. I'm Pete Thompson and this is my wife Kate," he told her introducing themselves to her.

Sara shook his hand and told them her name politely refusing their kind offer.

"Please join us Sara, we would enjoy your company and there is no reason why you should sit here alone eating when you could be making some new friends," he told her smiling. "Besides, you would be doing me a favor as I have to leave shortly for a business meeting, you and Kate could keep each other company while your eating."

Sara finally accepted and moved over to their table, she could use some friendly company and it would get her mind off of being upset with Jack for ruining their friendship.

"So what brings you to Texas Sara," Kate asked her.

"I'm on vacation," she didn't lie to them she just omitted to tell them she was there to visit a friend. Just in case they asked she didn't want to try to explain why she wasn't staying with her friend.

"Pete had business so I tagged along rather than sit home alone over the holiday's," Kate explained.

Over dinner they talked about where they were from, kids, pets, hobbies and so on. As soon as Pete was finished with his meal he excused himself to head to his meeting. He told Sara it had been a pleasure to meet her and thanked her for keeping his wife company while he was gone.

Sara guessed Pete to be around 6' 3 or more, he had striking gray eyes, his hair was gray and he was in good shape as well. He was a nice looking man and she guessed them both to be around her age in their early 50's. 

Kate was about Sara's height so she had to be around 5'6 or so. Her hair was dark brown, cut short, framing her round face. Sara guessed Kate was a little heavier than she as she was built broader while Sara was rounder in body size. Really the only difference between the two women were their clothes. Sara's straight off the rack at K-Mart and Kate's were designer clothes probably made especially for her.

They had a couple of drinks with their meal then a couple more while they talked. Kate invited Sara to their suite to have another drink and watch a movie with her.

Sara liked both Kate and Pete, they were very friendly and didn't act at all snobby. She had asked Kate how long they had been married and was told that they had just celebrated their 18th anniversary. Kate told Sara that both she and Pete had been married before they met each other.

Kate poured them both a drink and switched on the TV when she sat down next to Sara on the couch. Kate looked a little embarrassed when they glanced at the TV to see two couples naked, making love on a huge bed.

"Oops, I'm sorry I forgot the tape was still in the player."

"No problem, I'm not offended so don't think anything about it," Sara told her.

"So you've seen a few of these yourself then I take it," Kate said winking at her.

"I've seen my fair share, you bet," Sara told her smiling.

"Sara, can I ask you a personal question?"

"Sure, ask away."

"You looked sad when we saw you downstairs, is anything wrong? I don't mean to be so forward and if it's none of my business I will understand completely."

"I am on vacation but I had come down to visit with an old friend. We were lovers for a short time five years ago, but we parted as friends. He invited me down for the holiday's as an old friend, but yesterday he tried to get me to become intimate with him again after he promised there would be no mention of sex between us if I came for a visit."

"No wonder you looked so sad. What made you two end it, were you not compatible?"

"Not really, we enjoyed each others company, enjoyed the same music, movies and he was a fantastic cook, which I'm not. We just were not suited sexually."

Kate stood up to make them another drink. "So he wasn't a good lover then I take it?"

"No. He could not give me what I needed and to be honest he was just a terrible lover period. He couldn't last and just had no idea about pleasing a woman. I'm pretty sure that is the reason his wife had left him fifteen years before," Sara told her.

"So are you in a relationship now Sara?"

"No."

Sara glanced at the TV and saw that now there were just two women making love to each other on the screen.

"Have you ever been with another woman Sara or in a threesome?"

"Nope."

"You don't know what your missing till you've tried it, it can be very pleasing for all and so sexy."

"You've done that then?"

"Yes, many times and it's very pleasant."

"You mean when you were younger? I guess maybe if years ago I had the chance I might have done so as well."

"Age has nothing to do with enjoying that kind of pleasure Sara. Many people our ages still enjoy that kind of intimacy with others. I'll tell you a secret, the real reason I'm on this trip with Pete is because we were supposed to have been spending the weekend with a woman who backed out at the last moment."

"No kidding? You two are really here to have sex with another woman?"

"Yes, but Pete did have business to attend to as well. We had so looked forward to having another play with us, as it has been a long time since the last time we played with someone else."

"In fact Sara, when we saw you sitting there alone and looking sad we had both mentioned that it was too bad that you were not the one we had come to meet."

"Your kidding right? I'm flattered, really I am but I don't think, at this late stage in life I would ever have the nerve to do something like that."

"Why not? If you thought about it when you were younger why should you feel different now?"

"I don't know. For one thing I'm basically very shy when first starting out in a relationship, let alone trying a first time experience with a couple. I'm not sure I would be comfortable with it, let alone have the nerve to even try."

"I don't know Sara, you don't seem the type who would not enjoy it once you became used to it. Your very upfront, I'm saying that because you admitted your real reason for being here. Secondly, you also admitted you would have done it had you had the opportunity when you were younger. As I said, age has nothing to do with consenting adults doing what is pleasant to them. I would bet that once you started you would want to continue and would enjoy yourself."

"I can't say if that would be true or not as not ever having done it, or had the opportunity to experience it, I can't say I would have or not in all honesty. Knowing how I felt then and my desires now I would guess that I probably would have."

" I get really turned on by pleasing another woman and by watching Pete fuck and eat another woman's pussy as well. I've always been bisexual but I'm more bi then straight, which is why I enjoy watching my husband with another woman, as long as I get equal time with her as well. To be honest Sara I would rather please a woman than I would to be fucked by a man."

Kate had gotten up again to refresh their drinks. Sara was going to tell her not to pour her another as she was already ten sheets to the wind as it was, but before she could Kate was back with fresh drinks. When she sat down again she sat closer to Sara so that their knees were almost touching as they faced each other on the couch.

"Sara I would love to be your first as would my husband. Pete finds you very attractive and told me so when we were talking about you in the lounge."

Kate leaned closer to Sara, their knees now touching.

"Sara why don't you let me show how aroused and pleased I can make you? I promise Sara the moment you don't like what's happening or you feel uncomfortable I will stop and that will be the end of it. I'll not pressure you but I have a feeling you will love it."

Sara had to admit the thought of it was exciting to her and she could already feel the wetness forming within her. She didn't know if she would be able to go through with it or not no matter how exciting it sounded to her. Sara didn't know what to say, she did so much want to say yes, but just stared at Kate not being able to say yes or no.

"Just relax Sara, I will go very slowly and you just have to tell me to stop the moment your not comfortable and I will stop immediately."

Sara didn't say anything but watched in excited fascination as Kate leaned closer to her until her lips touched hers in a slow kiss. Sara knew she was stiff as a board at the first touch of Kate's lips on hers, but then she realized that she was kissing Kate back without thinking about it.

The kiss was turning Sara on, not because it was a great kiss, but because it was being given by someone of her own sex that made it all the more exciting to her. Kissing Kate was no different from kissing a man but still there was the added excitement because it was another woman kissing her.

Kate slipped her tongue into Sara's mouth as their tongues twisted and mated in their mouths. Kate lifted her hand to Sara's breast and cupped it gently. Sara pressed forward at her touch making Kate excited.

Kate undid the first two buttons on Sara's blouse, slipping her hand inside. Her fingers found Sara's nipple through the lace of her bra and rubbed it gently. Sara's nipple became firm under the touch of Kate's gentle fingers.

Kate slipped her hand under Sara's bra lifting it away from her full breasts. Sara's huge breasts spilled out filling Kate's waiting hand. Kate was feeling the wetness forming in her lacy panties with each touch of her fingers on Sara's nipples.

Kate tore her mouth away from Sara's lips, hungry to take a nipple in her mouth. She latched onto her right nipple, sucking it gently into her mouth letting her tongue roll around it's firmness, then gently sucking it.

Sara sucked in her breath as Kate suckled at her nipple. She didn't even realize that she had arched her breast forward more fully into Kate's eager mouth until she reached for her head to press her more deeply into her breast.

Sara was watching Kate's mouth suck at her nipple and felt her arousal growing more as she watched this stranger sucking at her tit. Kate bit her nipple gently before moving on to her other nipple making Sara moan in her pleasure.

Kate pressed Sara back into the cushions of the huge soft couch till she was almost laying flat on her back. Kate didn't want to scare Sara with her eagerness to please her so she tried to cool her own arousal and slow down.

"Does that feel good Sara? Do you like that when I suck on your nipples?"

"Fuck yes Kate, it feels wonderful. I love my nipples sucked like that."

Kate slid her right hand slowly down over Sara's round belly until her hand was resting at Sara's crotch. She pressed the palm of her hand firmly into her crotch, feeling the wetness there through the material of her slacks. She moaned when Sara lifted her crotch up towards Kate's seeking hand.

Kate couldn't wait any longer to feel Sara's wet pussy. Just the thought of touching her pussy made Kate have a small orgasm. She slipped her hand inside the waistband of Sara's slacks finding a smoothly shaven pussy at her fingertips.

Now Kate was soaking her panties knowing she would soon be tasting that smooth pussy. Her finger found her slit and slipped inside to finger fuck her slowly. She shoved her finger deep inside Sara with each thrust. Christ, she had to bury her face in there soon or she was sure she was going to die from want and need.

Kate found her clit already hard and extended with her arousal and rubbed it slowly in a circular motion. She loved hearing the little moans and sighs Sara was making as Kate played with her clit.

"You like that don't you Sara? Do you like how my finger rubs that sweet clit of yours?"

"Yes Kate, it feels wonderful," this said in a breathless voice. Sara was on fire and she knew she wanted to feel Kate's mouth at her pussy soon. "Oh shit Kate please eat my pussy, I'm on fire, I want to feel your mouth on me."

Kate didn't have to be asked twice, she pulled Sara's slacks off then pulled her leg over the side of the couch so she could have easy access to her pussy. She buried her face deep inside licking at the sides of her pussy walls as she took her first taste of Sara. She tongue fucked her pussy, licking and sucking her clit, rubbing her tongue hard over her hard little nub before finally wrapping her mouth around her clit sucking it madly.

Sara was squirming all over the couch as Kate sucked her clit. She felt Kate slip her finger inside her pussy, finger fucking her while she sucked on her clit. "Oh god yes! Oh fuck that feels fucking wonderful! Don't stop Kate, oh my god don't stop, I'm going to cum!"

Kate sucked Sara's clit harder pressing her tongue hard on her clit now and then. Sara came a few moments later filling Kate's mouth with her sweet nectar. Kate didn't give Sara any time to come down from her climax. She stood up quickly pulling Sara up with her. She pulled her behind her hurrying her into the huge bedroom with the king size bed.
