 Fiona fidgeted at the table. When Frank had offered to set up another threesome, she did not realize it would be so involved. Chance and Frank had been roommates in college. They still owned the small house they had lived in during college. Both of them used it as weekend getaway. Frank had suggested that the three of them meet at the house. It was a short flight to get here. Now she was sitting in a pub, waiting. Frank was talking to a guy that just walked in, probably his buddy. The guy was pretty good looking, a little shorter than Frank. He had a athletic build and short black hair with full sideburns. He was wearing a button down shirt and 501 jeans. His back was to her, so she spent some time checking out his ass. Fiona nodded to herself. She decided he met her standard of approval. He turned around, looked at her, and smiled.

Frank and his friend walked over to the table. Fiona's eyes went right to the button fly of his jeans. He looked good from that angle as well.

"Hello, I'm Chance'" he said, extending his hand.

"Are you going to be my new fuck buddy?" Fiona replied

"Yes. Yes I am," he replied without missing a beat. "When do we get started?" 

Frank settled in next to Fiona, and Chance sat down across from her. After a few minutes of small talk, Fiona slipped off her shoe and slid her foot between Chance's legs. Fiona watched his face. He did not seem surprised. He did glance over at Frank. A tall blonde waitress came by and recited the daily specials. Frank and Chance were both trying to look down her shirt when she set down some coasters on the table. Fiona continued to rub her foot on Chance's crotch.

"Get used to it" Frank said, looking at Chance," She is just getting started".

"Hello, I'm Misty," the waitress interjected, "Can I get you something to drink?"

The three of them gave her their orders, and she headed back towards the bar. Fiona was tracing a figure 8 on Chance's crotch with her foot.

"By the end of night, we will be making out like drunken college kids" Fiona interjected.

"Make that drunken horny college kids and I am all in," Chance replied, running his fingers along Fiona leg.

"Wanna see my tits?" Fiona asked, looking right at Chance," Do as you're told and you just might."

The waitress delivered their drinks. She smiled knowingly as she set down each glass and then headed back to the bar.

"I think she is on to us," Fiona half whispered" and she likes it. Check her out when she gets back; she has a nipple hard on..."

"If she follows us home, can we keep her?" Frank asked.

"No," Fiona replied" Tonight you two are all mine." Fiona continued ", Now if you will excuse me, I need to powder my nose."

While Fiona was in the ladies room, Chance quizzed Frank about what was going to happen.

"Have you done this before?" Chance asked.

"Once, a few weeks ago. It was pretty awesome."

"Was it with another guy or another girl?"

"It was another guy, but I think two women are in my future."

"Was it weird with another guy there?"

"I'd be lying if I said no, but it was totally worth it. FYI, guy on guy stuff turns her on. If that is a problem for you we can skip it, but if the two of us get touchy feely... well, Fiona makes it totally worth it".

"Frank, I like you and all, but I am not going down on you. Don't take that personally, just one of my rules to live by".

"That's fine, but more than likely, she just wants to see a little groping."

"She certainly seems like she knows what she wants." Chance said.

"Without a doubt."

"So what did she do with you and the other guy?"

"She started by giving us both blowjobs.Then while one of use fucked her, she would suck, stroke and tit fuck the other. She does like to do the grand finale one on one. Watching her make a guy come is pretty intense... I'm pretty sure you will find out later."

Fiona retuned to the table and sat down.

"I ran into our waitress in the restroom" she said with a smile.

"Really, anything interesting?" Chance asked.

"She wants to fuck one of you. She asked me which one of you I was taking home, because she wanted the other."

"What did you tell her?"

"That I was taking both of you home, but you two might be available at a future date."

"You're pimping us out?" Frank asked.

"Well, you two are coming back here for that race in a couple weeks, right? I got her number and email address. We can facebook stalk her. If she pans out, you can call her".

"You think she was really interested?" Chance inquired.

"I got her to flash me... so I'd say yea."

"What? How?" Chance asked.

"I just asked. I told her that neither of you liked fake boobs. I needed to report back. In case either of you were interested in her."

"And?" both Frank and Chance replied

"They are real and they are spectacular. Now finish your drinks, I already paid the bill and tipped the waitress."

All three of them stood up. Frank and Chance were half trying to hide their erections from everyone but the waitress. Fiona made no attempt to cover the way her nipples poked out through her shirt. They hailed a cab, Fiona settling between the two men. As soon as the cab pulled away from the curb, she leaned over and kissed Chance on the lips. At the same time she slid her hand inside Frank's pants and began to stroke his cock. She continued to kiss and stroke both of them for the short drive to the house.

Frank closed the door behind them, and they all headed to the bedroom. 

"Still wanna see my tits?" she asked Chance.

"Absolutely," he replied.

"Well, you are going to have to work for it. I'm going to tell you or Frank to do something. Each time you do what you're told, everybody removes a piece of clothing. We continue until everyone is naked. Think you can do that?"

"Yes" Frank and Chance replied in unison.

"Chance," Fiona started," I want to see how you like to be touched. Stand behind Frank and grab his dick. Keep in mind I'm probably going to do the same thing to you."

Fiona watched intently as Chance stood behind Frank. Chance's hands rested on Franks hips. He slipped them under Frank's shirt. Then Chance slid his hands up Frank's chest. Fiona found herself touching her own chest as she watched. She could see Chance pinching Frank's nipples under his shirt. She did the same to herself. Slowly Chance's hands moved back down. Soon they were on to Frank's thighs. She watched as Chance's fingers pressed into Frank's legs, and finally onto his crotch.

"How did I do?" Chance asked.

"Very well Now come over here and claim your prize." she replied.

Chance walked over to Fiona and grabbed her shirt. With a quick tug he pulled it over her head and tossed it to the floor. Fiona hooked her thumbs under Chances shirt and slowly slid her hands up his ribs. Once she had stripped the shirt off Chance's body, she told him to remove Frank's shirt.

"I want," Fiona said once they were all shirtless "Frank to caress your chest." She was looking directly at Chance, licking her lips. Frank stood facing Chance and pressed his hands against Chance's abs. He slid them up, letting his fingers run through Chance's chest hair. His fingertips circled around Chance's nipples, and then gently brushed against them.

"Nicely done." commented Fiona "What do you want me to take off?". Frank chose shoes, a necessary but boring choice. Fiona took a step closer when everyone was ready to play again.

"Chance, I want you to kiss Frank. I'm going to be doing the same to you soon, so make it something I will enjoy."

Frank had a big ' I told you so ' grin on his face. Chance started by kissing him gently on the lips, then the cheeks. Chance continued on, nibbling on Frank's ears before moving on to his neck. Then Chance put his hands on Frank's head. He pressed his lips on Frank's mouth. Fiona watched them kiss passionately, imaging that they were French kissing each other.

"That's what I want," Chance said, a little out of breath.

"I think I want that too," Fiona replied.

"It is, Fiona. You totally want that," Frank interjected.

"I'll be taking your bra now," Chance said "and you can take mine... Whoops, I'm not wearing one." He grinned as he unzipped Fiona's sports bra. Her breasts tumbled out. Chance starred at her tits for a moment. His eyes fixed on Fiona's erect nipples.

"Not so fast," Fiona interjected, "This is my game. I say you can't have more items of clothing than I do. Who is wearing underwear?"

Only Chance raised his hand.

"I'll be taking your jeans then, cause them's the rules" Fiona said, kneeling in front of Chance. She carefully unbuttoned his 501s and slid them down his legs. She paused for a moment, looking at the bulge in his boxers. Fiona stood up again.

"The kissing really worked for me," Fiona said," so this time let's have Frank kiss Chance. I will tell you when to stop."

Frank started by kissing Chance on the neck. He moved on to Chance's cheeks, ears, and finally lips. Fiona watched, her hands on her breasts, her fingers tugging on her nipples. He bent down and pressed his lips to Chance's chest, and soon was circling Chance's nipples with his tongue. Fiona put one hand inside her panties. She noticed Chance's eyes were focused on her fingers as she touched herself. Fiona closed her eyes, and began to move her hips back and forth. Her hand moved from her breast to her mouth. She put two fingers inside her mouth, gently sucking on them for a few seconds. Then she pinched her nipple between her now wet fingers. As Chance watched her she mouthed 'Fuck me hard' ,and a quite moan escaped her lips. Frank was now kissing Chance on the shoulders, but he did not seem to notice. Chance was in a trance, watching Fiona masturbate three feet away from him. 

"I think we have played this game long enough." said Frank, interrupting the trance Fiona and Chance were in. He took Fiona by the hand and led her over to the bed. She lay down in the middle, and Frank tied her wrists to the headboard with some leather straps. Chance was starring at Fiona's breasts as they rose and fell with her breathing. Fiona watched as Frank removed his remaining clothes and climbed on to the bed. 

"Your turn, " she said to Chance, who was standing motionless, staring at her tits. Fiona returned the favor, staring at the bulge in his shorts. Chance slipped his underwear off and his erection sprang free.

Fiona looked up at the naked men on either side of her. She longed to feel them. She wanted their hands to touch her, their mouths to lick and suck on her. She wanted to feel their hard cocks inside her. They both reached down and lightly stroked her, starting with her neck. Frank's fingertips brushed against her face, then traced around her mouth. Chance drug his fingers down her neck and onto her shoulders. Their light touch made her even more sensitive. Her nipples became more swollen and her pussy was getting wetter. Fiona strained against the leather straps that held her in place. 

Frank put his hand on her breast, his fingers spread wide. He slowly slid them across her skin. When her nipple was pinched between his fingertips, he gently tugged on it. Chance was cupping her other breast in his hand, pinching her nipple between his thumb and forefinger. As Chance continued to pinch and tug on her, Frank made slow circles on her breast with his index finger.

Fiona looked at Chance. "Untie me so we can get started. I'm so turned on a stiff breeze on my pussy would make me come," she said. Chance leaned over and pressed his lips to her breast, taking her stiff nipple into his mouth. At the same time he started to move his hand down her body. Frank stopped him, guiding his hand to her thigh.

"Let's make her wait just a little longer" Frank said. He moved so that he was kneeling right beside her head. Frank put his hand on Fiona's head and turned it towards him. With his other hand he guided his cock to her mouth. Fiona moaned softly, either from Chance pinching her nipple between his teeth, or the thought of taking Frank in her mouth. Frank pressed his penis past her lips and into her mouth. He watched as her lips stretched around the shaft of his dick. He moaned as her tongue press against him. Chance crawled up so that he was on the other side of Fiona's face. Frank pulled his cock out of her mouth and turned her to face Chance. Fiona leaned towards his cock, extending her tongue to lick it. Almost immediately, Chance pressed his penis into her waiting mouth, rapidly sliding it in and out. Fiona moved her head back and forth, letting him fill her mouth. Each time his penis slid past her lips she pressed her tongue against it. Fiona craned her neck towards Chance until the head of his cock was against the back of her throat. It was not long before she could taste him leaking into her mouth. She pulled her head back and looked up at him.

"Untie me and I will do something that feels even better," she said, licking her lips. Her eyes shifted to Frank, "You will just have to watch and wait your turn."

Chance started to untie Fiona. Frank moved off the bed and settled in to a chair that gave him a good view. Once she was free, she stripped off her panties and tossed them into Frank's lap. Fiona sat on the corner of the bed and waved at Chance. He stood in front of her. She put her hands on his chest. Her fingers ran through his chest hair until she located his nipples. She let her fingertips glide across them a few times to make them stand up, then pinched them hard. Chance let out a quiet moan. Fiona put her hands on Chance's ass and pulled him closer. Next she wrapped her hands around his erection and began to stroke up and down. He was still a little wet from the blowjob, and her hands moved easily up and down his shaft. Each time her hand covered the head of his cock she gave a little twist. Fiona leaned forward, licking his cock with her tongue. When she had covered every bit of his she took him in her mouth again.

"Don't come yet", she said to Chance, "I will tell you when I am ready for you to finish." and she plunged his cock back into her mouth, deep throating him again. Her whole body was bobbing back and forth. Chances eyes shifted between watching his shaft slid between her lips and her breasts as they swayed back and forth. Fiona took one hand off him and put it between her legs. Both Frank and Chance watched Fiona's hand as her fingers alternated between rubbing her clit and slipping between the lips of her pussy. She realized Chance was getting close again and she stopped for a moment.

After giving him a few moments to regain control, she pulled his penis against her chest. Fiona cupped her breasts in her hands and wrapped them around Chance's cock. She began to move them up and down. Chance started to thrust his hips, trying to fuck her tits.

"Hold still, let me do this," she said in a stern voice.

Fiona continued to rub her breasts along his cock, her stiff nipple pressed into his skin. He was staring at her. She was looking right back at him. Fiona thought about making him finish like this, letting him smear his come all over her breasts, then licking his cock clean. But she wanted to be fucked. She lay back on the bed, and Chance wasted no time climbing on top of her.

The two of the squirmed into the middle of the bed. Chance felt Fiona put her arms around his neck and pull him down. Her lips pressed against his. Her tongue penetrated his mouth. She gave him a long, passionate kiss. Chance pressed his hips forward. The head of his cock slid inside her. She squirmed back a little.

"Don't be in such a rush," Fiona whispered, "you will get to fuck me, but I'm going to make you work for it." She pressed his head down, and Chance found his face pressed against her breast. He kissed and licked her all over.

"That's a good start," she moaned as she guided his head to her other breast. Once again Chance started kissing the edge of her breast, working his way in. Finally he wrapped his lips around her erect nipple and swirled his tongue around it. It was swollen with excitement. He pinched it between his teeth. As he bit down on her she moaned and wrapped her legs around him. She held him there for a few minutes, and then Chance felt a downward pressure again.

Fiona guided his head between her legs, throwing her legs over his shoulders. Her heels dug into his back. She felt his lips press against her clit. When he started to suck on her, she pressed her heels into his back even harder, drawing him closer. Fiona felt him wrap his arms around her legs, his fingers pressing into her thighs. A feeling of warmth was spreading from between her legs and enveloping her entire body. Fiona let go of Chance, putting her hands on her breast, tweaking her nipples His tongue pressed against her, and she began to thrust her hips back and forth. She was fucking his face. Her orgasm cascaded over her. The feelings came in waves, each one more intense than the last. She moaned as the last wave of pleasure washed over her. Fiona let go of her breasts, grabbed Chance's head and pull him onto herself.

Chance felt her hand on his cock, pulling between her legs. He easily entered her, she was so wet. Her hands were on his ass now, pulling him into her. He leaned down and kissed her, his face still wet from going down on her. She kissed him over and over, their tongues swirling together. Between kisses she urged him on, almost grunting works like harder, deeper, faster. He raised himself up, watching her breasts move back and forth as he thrust into her. He was fucking her with long strokes, pulling his cock almost all the way out, then ramming it all the way in. With each thrust the base of his cock pressed against her clit. They were both covered in sweat, their breathing was labored.

"Hold still," she whispered to him, "I want to fuck you for a while."

Chance pressed his cock into her, and she started to grind her hips back and forth. He could feel her squeezing his dick inside her. She was rubbing her clit against him. It was almost too much. Her next words were a relief to hear.

"I'm ready for you to come."

Chance started thrusting again. As his orgasm built he could feel every bit of her flesh. Each time the lips of her pussy stretched over the head of his cock, the orgasm got closer.

"Oh, your cock feels so good," she gasped, "Don't stop. Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me. I want to feel you come inside me. I want you to fill me up. Your making me come Don't stop! Please don't stop."

Hearing her talk like that was the final straw. Chance exploded inside her as they came together. Fiona put her hands on his ass, pulling him into her until his erection was gone. Chance lay on his back, completely exhausted.

"Was it worth the trip out here?" she asked.

"Hell yes, and then some." he replied.

"Are you going to watch me do Frank? You can join in if you want to." she whispered into his ear.

Chance climbed out of the bed and sat down. Fiona walked over to where Frank was standing. The sweat on her skin made her look like she sparkled. She put her arms around Frank's neck and kissed him. As they kissed, she spun him around and pushed him onto the bed. Frank was lying across the bed, with his head towards Chance. Fiona walked around, standing between the two naked men. She bent over, kissing Frank on the lips. Her hands were on his shoulders. She bowed her back, showing her pussy to Chance. She wanted him to see what he had done to her. Chance's gaze fixed on her vagina, still wet from their encounter. Fiona was focused on Frank. Her lips wandered about, kissing him on the lips, cheeks, ears, then moving to his neck. She walked her hands forward, so that they were beside his chest. She was kissing him on the chest now, the tip of her tongue probing his nipples. Her breasts were above Frank's face, and he was doing everything he could to them. His hands caressed and squeezed them. His tongue licked them. His lips kissed and sucked on them. Fiona kept going, her lips exploring Frank's abs. He had stopped kissing her. He was just lying there, enjoying the feeling of Fiona's lips on his skin. His cock quivered with anticipation as her lips moved closer.
