 Did I mention it was summer, and very warm that night? We paid our tab and left for Rebecca's place, which was within walking distance from the bar.

Upon arrival, she immediately sets me up with a bikini, as the plan is to sit poolside under the moonlight. She excuses herself and heads to her kitchen to make a light batch of margaritas. There we are – you are donning only your silky boxer shorts and your beautifully tanned body. Our feet are dangling lightly in the pool. I am feeling very anxious at this point, sitting so close to you for the first time, alone. You scoot behind me, straddling me, and start to massage my neck, shoulders, back. I can feel your dick twitch just a little as I moan in agreement with every touch of your fingers on my skin. 

Your breath is hot as you begin kissing the back of my neck – a place I'm VERY fond of being kissed...Your hands move down my waist to my hips and slide ever so gently around to my stomach. You haven't stopped kissing my neck and shoulders. Slowly, you slide your hands up to my breasts and playfully pinch my nipples over the bikini bra. I wince, then moan, loving every painful second of it, and knowing this, you pull my breasts out of the bra and begin pinching and pulling my nipples again. They are rock-hard at this point, and speaking of hard! I can feel your dick growing bigger and harder as you press closer to me. 

Your hands are eagerly grabbing my tits, massaging, pinching, and just as I lean back to kiss you, Rebecca appears with a tray of cocktails, wearing nothing but a sarong. Her hair is pulled up loosely and she looks absolutely divine. She sets the tray down beside the edge of the pool and hands us a drink. She gets in, the water just below her crotch, and we can see her belly quiver from the coolness from the chill of the water. She takes off her sarong and is now standing naked, in front of us. "Please don't stop what you were doing on my account," she says. So I lean back again to kiss you. Your lips are hot; your breathing, deep. Our tongues don't take but a moment to find each other. You are fondling my breasts and my hands are on your thighs, massaging your legs, calf to thigh, as you straddle me from behind. 

We must've been kissing for at least 3 solid minutes before pulling away from each other in a sensual daze. I'm so completely drenched in my panties now, and your hands have found me out! You glide your fingers up and down my pussy, over the bikini, and you say in your best voice yet, "You should feel her, Rebecca! She's SOOooo wet!" Rebecca moves closer, in front of us, puts her hands on my thighs, spreading my legs wide and puts her fingers on my pussy, pushing the bikini in and through my folds, saturating the material. 

She wastes no time as she pulls the bikini to one side and gently kisses my southern lips. I lean back, my back is arched, and she kisses harder, her tongue sliding from bottom to top, flicking my clit gently each time. I am reeling again, and literally seconds away from cumming. She senses this, and stops. She slides her tongue up to my navel, my breasts, then to my mouth and gives me a sweet taste of myself. You have taken my chin, turned my face to yours and pressing your lips to mine, you taste my own juices on your lips. 

Rebecca has taken my place, as I am out of commission for the next 5 minutes, recovering from my near climax experience! She's facing you as she slowly takes off your shorts. Your hard-on is surely something to behold. You look unreasonably beautiful sitting at the edge of the pool, lights reflecting in all the right places...Rebecca takes gentle hold of your cock and starts stroking it gently. You and she are kissing, tongues are scoping for the hottest parts of your mouths. Then she breaks away, kissing your chest as she licks her way down...down...she opens her mouth wide to take all of you in and then closes her lips around the base of your shaft. Your eyes roll to the back of your head in ecstasy. She sucks you perhaps better than I could ever dream to, so I decide to take a hands-on lesson! I slowly swim up closer to the action and am watching hungrily as she sucks you and strokes you with her beautiful lips, up and down, saliva glistening on your shaft by the evening lights. 

She separates herself from you and takes my chin in her hand and as she guides my lips to your cock, I look into your eyes...we are locked in a gaze of lust and longing. I wrap my salivating lips around the head of your dick and easily slide down the length of your shaft. Rebecca whispers for me to grip firmly, but not too hard, at the base of your shaft, then slowly slide up, loosening the grip, especially as I reach the head. It all feels so natural...so good...Just sucking you is getting me turned on in a whole new kind of way...I keep sucking you...repeating the motion, careful not to quicken the pace too much. 

There's a new taste in my mouth – it's salty, mild, and delectable...I want more of it! Now I start to quicken my suck strokes and before I know it, your hips are gyrating, and you're fucking my face with fervor! Rebecca intercepts this interlude abruptly and out of complete wondrous frustration, I sink under the water and swim the length of the pool, coming up the other side to see you ejaculating all over her breasts and face...

PART THREE TO FOLLOW.