 Thanks to AngelLove for her invaluable insight and editing assistance. 

Chapter 1 -- Liz & John --The Right Touch

I wanted to get a massage for some time and picked Liz's ad at random out of the local newspaper. I called and talked to her about her hours and the fee. After a bit of chatting I made an appointment for the following week. Liz was easy to talk to and was a bit of a flirt over the phone. I got the directions to the spa from her and told her I was looking forward to next week.

When I arrived at the spa for my appointment I was really disappointed at the condition of the place and began to wonder about my decision. I told the very attractive receptionist my name and what I was there for and she told me that Liz would be out in a minute and to have a seat. I sat down on one of the worn out chairs and looked around the place. In the back several very hot looking stylists were cutting hair and chatting away. The salon's décor was right out of the fifties and there was a faint smell of something chemical in the air. The place definitely needed a paint job and some remodeling. It was a very depressing place. 

I was drifting into a funk when I heard my name being called. I looked up and the first thing I saw was the biggest set of tits I'd ever seen. I looked up farther and was met with a gorgeous smile and huge brown eyes. I got out of my chair and started walking toward her. Liz extended her hand and introduced herself. As I held her hand, all I could do was smile back at her. 

Liz is tall, about five eight and has an hourglass figure that helps to make her tits look bigger. The white tank top she was wearing under the loose-fitting lab coat didn't cover much. Her hard nipples were clearly visible through the thin material even though she was wearing a bra. I tried very hard to keep my eyes focused on hers, but it was a losing battle. My eyes kept drifting back to her chest as we stood there. I wasn't sure, but it seemed like Liz enjoyed me staring at her tits. She tugged my hand and suggested we head back to the massage room.

Once in the massage room, Liz took my coat and hung it in a closet. As she asked me the standard questions about aches and pains, she lit some candles and turned on some mood music. As she moved about the room, I couldn't take my eyes away from her tits. 

Finally, after asking all her questions and getting everything arranged, she turned and put her hands on her hips and asked, "Ready to get started?" 

Standing that way her tits were thrust forward and her top had shifted to the point that her nipples were almost exposed. Liz was smiling impishly at me and said, "Time for you to get undressed." 

She told me where to hang my clothes and said that she preferred that I be nude for the massage, but that decision was up to me. She instructed me to lie on my stomach once undressed and pull the sheet over me and relax. Then she dimmed the lights and said she would be back in a minute or two. 

As the door closed I began to undress. As I undressed, I kept thinking about Liz's comment about preferring that I be nude for the massage. As I thought about the possibilities, my dick began to get hard and I was really looking forward to her return. I crawled onto the table and pulled the sheet over me. Then I reached down between my legs and pushed my hardon down between my thighs. 

I heard a light knock on the door and Liz let herself back into the room. Liz moved to the head of the table and straightened and smoothed the sheet over me. She spent extra time rubbing her hands over my ass smoothing the sheet out. As Liz finished with the sheet, she asked me if everything was okay. I looked up at her and nodded yes. She had removed her lab coat and was only wearing the tank top and a pair of black tights that seemed to be molded to her body. The quick glance I got of her body made my cock get even harder. I couldn't wait for her to put her hands on me. 

As Liz did the massage, we made small talk about our lives. Turns out that she had been in the Air Force and after leaving the service had become a club dancer in San Antonio. I asked a bunch of questions about her experiences and she answered them all. In very short order it was like we were old friends. 

She explained that she'd danced in some clubs just topless as well as clubs where she was totally nude. She giggled as she told me that she really enjoyed being naked and teasing people. I asked if that meant both men and women and she told me it did. She also told me about the sexual experiences that she had with some of the girls she worked with at the clubs. When Liz talked about her experiences it was very matter of fact, yet so erotic. She had my cock rock hard. Whenever she described a juicy part, she would lean into me and press her soft titties into my back and sort of whisper into my ear. She was driving me crazy and she hadn't even gotten close to touching my cock.

As the massage moved on and hot conversation continued, I decided to up the ante a bit and said, "Liz, I know you enjoy being naked. Would you like to take your clothes off while you massage me?" 

She stopped rubbing me for a moment and said, "Not this time, maybe another." 

I was sure that I had screwed up big time by asking her to take off her clothes. I was sure that I had overstepped even though she didn't actually say no. She just said not this time. I was still wondering whether I'd messed things up when Liz asked me to turn over so that she could take care of my front. 

I rolled over and my hardon was clearly obvious through the sheet. We continued our conversation as Liz massaged my front side. Several times her hands came very close to my cock, but she never touched it or moved the sheet. Before I knew it, the massage was over and it was time for me to get dressed. 

I have never been more disappointed yet excited at the same time in my life. When I opened the door to leave, Liz was standing outside the room and she was not wearing her lab coat. She stepped close to me and put her hands around my waist and pulled me to her. Her tits squashed into my chest and she ground her pussy in circles against my cock. Liz smiled coyly at me and then lightly put her lips against mine. She moved her head back from mine and told me that she really enjoyed the massage and hoped that I'd come back again. 

I hugged her tight, continuing to grind my cock against her. She looked at me and smiled knowingly and said, "I guess I have my answer." 

I told her I'd call soon for another appointment, then kissed her goodbye and headed for the door. My head was spinning and my cock was throbbing. Nothing like that had ever happened to me before.

The next two or three appointments went pretty much the same as the first one. There were lots of hot x-rated conversations and sexual innuendos. Liz always wore very revealing clothes and teased me to near orgasm during the massage, but she never touched my cock directly. After the massages she always was waiting for me outside the room after I had gotten dressed. She always gave me a big hug and a kiss before I left. I loved kissing her sweet lips and grinding our bodies together. I always left with a super hard cock. 

Somewhere about my fourth or fifth massage, Liz was extra flirty on the phone when I made the appointment. Our phone conversation really got me hot and horny. I told her that she'd given me a hardon and I was going to have to take care of it. 

She just giggled and said, "Too bad I'm not there." 

I just groaned and laughed nervously. She said she had to go but she couldn't wait to see me. Now my mind was really swirling. Liz was such a tease and so hot. Who knew what she might have in store.

Finally the day for my appointment arrived. My appointment was for late in the afternoon and when I got there no one was in the shop but Liz. Liz was grinning ear to ear when she greeted me. It was late spring and she was only wearing thin cotton work out clothes and some white two inch heels. Her shorts were really tight and the outline of her pussy lips was visible through the material. She was wearing a matching white halter top that barely covered her huge breasts. Her nipples made huge bumps in the thin material and from the side you could see lots of tit flesh. She looked smoking hot. Liz hugged me and gave me a quick kiss. Then she grabbed my hand and escorted me back to the room. 

When we got in the room, Liz turned and said, "I wore this outfit especially for you, do you like it?" 

I moved forward and pulled her into my arms and gave her a slow warm tongue kiss. My cock was already hard and was pushing into her. She apparently liked the feel of my dick pressing against her because she pushed her pussy against me. 

After we broke our kiss she said, "I'll take that as a yes." 

Then she told me it was time to get undressed. This time instead of leaving while I undressed, she said, "I'd like to watch you take your clothes off. Would you do that for me?" 

I didn't say anything. I just undid my belt and unzipped my pants. I kicked my loafers off and pushed them out of the way. Then I slowly slid my jeans down my legs and stepped out of them and handed them to Liz. Then I unbuttoned my shirt, slid it off my shoulders and handed it to Liz too. All I had on now was a pair of my favorite sheer white thongs. My cock was hard and pointing to the left. 

Liz looked me up and down and said, "What are you waiting for big boy?" 

I reached down and pulled the thong over my hips and let it fall to the floor. I stepped back and left them lying on the floor. Liz bent over and picked then up and hung them on a fancy hook like they were a trophy. Liz moved to the table and patted the mattress for me lay down. 

Liz smiled and said, "I've wanted to see you completely naked for a long time. Do you mind if we don't use the sheet today?" 

Before I could answer, Liz reached for my hand and pulled me onto the table. As I stretched out, I pushed my hard cock down between my legs. Liz started the massage and she complimented my legs and ass. She thought they were very sexy. Then she leaned in and whispered that she really liked the shape of my cock. The combination of whispering in my ear and her talking about my cock got me rock hard.

Liz sprinkled baby powder on my butt and legs. She slowly ran her hands up and down my legs touching me only with her fingertips and fingernails. The light sensuous touch was incredible. She continued to work my legs and slid her hands up to the top of my thighs and back down. Every time she repeated the move to the top of my thighs her hands kept going higher until her fingers touched the crack of my ass. Her finger tips were driving me crazy. 

Somehow Liz had managed to separate my ass cheeks with one hand and was fingering my asshole with the other. She found the center of my anus and slowly worked a finger into my backside. She was using her other hand to rub my ass cheeks. The feelings were awesome and my cock was totally stiff. 

She reached over to a nearby table with her free hand. Then she slowly began to pour warmed oil into the crack of my ass where her finger was in me. Once she had coated my rear opening with the oil, she pushed her finger in as deep as she could get it. After a minute or two, she removed her finger only for a second, quickly replacing it with two of her fingers. She slowly worked them way in and out of my butt. I love anal play and having Liz fuck my ass with her fingers was spectacular. I was moaning and working my ass against Liz's fingers every time she pushed them in. 

Liz leaned into my ear and in a low sexy voice said, "You really like me fucking your ass, don't you?" 

All I could do was look up and nod yes. 

She smiled back at me and said, "Something told me that you would. I think it's time for the next part of the massage though."

Liz slowly removed her fingers from my butt and asked me to turn over so that she could work on my front. I rolled over and my hardon was sticking straight up and throbbing. I didn't know what she had in mind, but I couldn't wait to get there. Liz sort of giggled and leaned down and gave me a quick kiss on my lips. She told that she really liked my body and enjoyed having me naked for her to play with. Even though she was nearly naked in her tiny halter top and short shorts I told her that she should really be naked too. 

She responded, "Today I'm going to stay in my outfit and you're going to be naked. I feel very sexy dressed the way I am. From the shape your cock is in, I'm obviously having the effect I want to have on you."

Then she looked at my twitching cock. She told me again how much she loved the shape of my cock and that massaging me was a real treat for her. Smiling at me she giggled and asked if I'd like to have my balls massaged. I smiled up at her and Liz began to sprinkle powder on me. The powder had a cool feel to it as it landed on my cock. I have shaved my cock and balls for years and tan year round. From comments Liz had made during my massages I knew that she really loves the smooth and bare look. 

She moved to the side of the table and said, "I love the look of your bare cock. I know I'm going to love the feel of it too." 

Liz leaned in and began to fondle my balls very lightly scraping her fingernails across my tightened ball sac. I was ready to explode and she seemed to sense my level of excitement. She stopped stroking my balls and moved her attention to my nipples. First she pinched and fondled each nipple. Then she sucked one nipple hard into her mouth while pinching the other. I was hunching my body off the table trying to rub my cock on something. 

Liz knew I was near cumming and touched my cock for the first time. The fingers of one hand closed around my shaft and began to slowly stoke me while her other hand was between my legs playing with my asshole. I had been at the brink for a long time and knew I would shoot quickly. In no more than a dozen strokes Liz had me shooting cum all over my stomach. It was a mind blowing unbelievable orgasm. 

She continued to play with my softening dick as she looked at me and said, "I love cock and I love cum." 

One of her hands continued to toy with my cock and the other was playing in the cum on my stomach. My breathing was beginning to get back to normal when Liz leaned forward and lowered her mouth over my cock. Her lips were hot and wet. I reached up to stroke the side of her face and neck. She lifted her head and looked at me again. 

She smiled her killer smile and said, "Mmmmmmm, you taste wonderful. I'm going to make your cock nice and clean." 

After Liz was through cleaning my cock she handed me a small towel and I wiped the rest of cum from my stomach and sat up on the table. After a minute I got up and started to get dressed. She leaned against the table as she watched me get dressed. 

When I was fully dressed, I turned to Liz and said, "I can't wait to see you again." 

She said that she was glad I felt that way and leaned forward and kissed me hard on the lips. Her tongue snaked between my lips and I tasted and felt my cum for the very first time. My cock was getting hard again and I didn't want to leave, but I knew I had to. I kissed her again and said goodbye and headed to my car. 

I saw Liz regularly at the Spa for the next couple of months. We had become very comfortable with each other and massages progressed from topless to totally nude. Every session was sexually charged. My dick would get hard as soon as her tits were bare. Liz's tits are big, but perfectly formed with just a hint of sag. Her areolas are a bit brownish and on the small size for such big tits, but her nipples are huge - about the size of the tip of your little finger and she loves to have them sucked on. 

Liz really enjoyed rubbing her tits on me during massages and dragged them all over my body anytime she had the chance. Liz told me many times that she loved sucking and playing with cocks. She was insatiable when it came to having my cock in her mouth and swallowing cum. It became her practice to finish each massage by sucking me to the most mind blowing blow job. After each one she would finish by giving me a warm wet cum kiss. I very quickly developed a love for that kiss. 

Occasionally, Liz would let me massage her and sexually pleasure her. I would get to play with her glorious naked body and eat her shaved pussy to orgasm. Liz is multi-orgasmic and once she reached her first one, she'd continue to shake while she came again and again. 

We had months of hot massage sex in the spa, but Liz decided to quit doing massages at the spa and do the massages from her house. She converted a bedroom in her house and would do the massages there. Liz had done a very nice job decorating the massage room and it was much nicer than the spa. Also, getting massages at the house was more comfortable and more private than the spa.

One afternoon after we had a wonderful session ending with Liz sucking me off, we were laying there naked, enjoying each other's body and making small talk. She rolled onto her side so she could look at me. 

After a quick kiss, she said, "I really would like for you to meet my husband." 

John had been the subject of many of our conversations and I had seen his picture in their house. He was a nice looking guy with long shoulder length hair and a goatee. I was very curious about him since I knew he was a writer of sorts and managed Liz's out-call business. 

Liz told me early on about her out-calls and how they involved special clients who requested special services. Liz's stories about her clients and their kinky requests always got me hot and ready. Those stories made lots of our afternoons together even hotter. I figured that Liz probably told him what went on during my massages, but I wasn't sure how he or I would react if we actually met. 

Everything I knew about Liz and her sexual appetite told she clearly loved sex and couldn't get enough of it. I knew I loved being around her and was concerned what might happen to our relationship if I met her husband, but it was exciting thinking about meeting him and I was eager to find out what might happen.

Liz set it up that I would meet John after my next appointment with Liz. It made me tingle to think that I would meet him after having sex with his wife. I cleared the entire afternoon so nothing would conflict with what might go on. The session with Liz that day was surreal knowing that I would meet Liz's husband after we were through. Liz and I spent our normal hour together naked and as usual, she ended our session by giving me a long, erotic blowjob. 

When we were done, we dressed slowly, taking every opportunity to play with each other. I couldn't keep my hands off her wonderful tits and she kept playing with my cock. Finally Liz said she had to get dressed and went into the other room. When she came back she was wearing a very short pleated skirt, heels and a low cut gauzy blouse that was nearly see thru. Liz was wearing a bra, but it barely contained her tits. I whistled and she did a little spin.

She asked, "Like what you see?" 

I couldn't think of anything other than, "You are flat gorgeous." 

With that we left her place. Liz took my arm and we walked around the corner and into a quaint coffee shop, bar type place. Although it was very dark inside the place, we could easily see a guy with shoulder length hair and a goatee stand up on the other side of the bar. Liz took my hand and led the way across the room toward him. Walking across the room hand in hand with Liz was unnerving. I was escorting a beautiful, sexy woman dressed hotter than hell. I just had sex with her and we were meeting her husband. 

As we reached him, John put out his hand and we shook without saying anything. Almost at the same time, Liz pressed her body up against John and gave him a long, lingering tongue kiss. I was really sure that Liz had told him how she finished our sessions and I knew he probably could taste the cum on Liz's lips. As Liz's tongue probed John's mouth, her skirt began to slide up the back of her thighs almost to her ass. Watching the two of them embrace caused my dick to throb again and I needed to sit down.
