 He needed to know if the rumors were true. As an elder at the church, it was really his duty to the congregation to investigate. So he had started first by just watching the young girl. During services, he was careful to not let his wife know what he was doing as he watched her closely to see if he could tell. Was she really the temptress that had been described to him? Was she the girl who was making the men in the congregation fall to their sexual desires?

He tried to be objective, working hard to look past the low cut tops and tight skirts that she wore. He was partially successful, getting a good view of a curvaceous young girl showing off her tight body. If he stopped there, he would have decided very quickly that the whispered stories that had recently reached his ears were true. Certainly, he could feel the effect she had on him. His breathing got heavier. The tops of those round tits and the curve of her tight ass summoned debased, immoral desires to creep into his thoughts. He saw himself standing behind her, his hard cock pressing into her ass as he reached around her. His hands slid under her tits then lifted them gently before squeezing hard to make them stand out nice and straight.

But he needed to be fair. He couldn't judge this girl simply from rumors or from the desires that she fanned in him. So he looked further. Looking at her face, he saw the unblemished features of a young, innocent girl. Her fair features including big blue eyes and blonde hair enhanced that look. Wearing her long hair in pigtails and ribbons also helped, making her look even younger than her 18 years. But her lips, always coated with lip gloss that made them glisten as if wet, set his thoughts again down a trail of desire. Even as he stood right there in church, he pictured those lips wrapped tightly around his hard cock.

Today, as he watched her go to the altar, kneel down, and take the communion offered to her, he struggled to decide what to do. The problem was that the rumors were getting stronger. It wasn't just a secret among the men, either. The wife of one man had come to him to express concern about this new girl, Cheri. She made it a point to emphasize that she didn't know for sure, but then she described to him how she thought that her friend's husband and at least one other man had done things with this girl that they shouldn't have done. "I can't say for sure, but I wonder if she had... well..." She had paused for a moment and almost blushed before going on. "I think that maybe she was with both of them at the same time..."

He watched Cheri open her mouth and accept the bread. Something about the way she did it sparked his final decision. She looked up at the priest, instead of looking down. She stuck out her tongue in a way that made it look like she was very comfortable with having something put into her mouth. She even slid a finger over her lips, pushing a stray crumb inside. As she stood and walked back to her seat, he looked off to the side and saw that it wasn't only him watching her so closely. Other men, and many wives, were following her every move as well. The men... their eyes gave away the desire that he himself felt. The wives... their eyes burned with suspicion and jealousy.

His wife and daughter would be gone next weekend. That was the time to find out if there was any truth to the rumors. He glanced over at one of the other elders, John Phillips, and saw his eyes also locked onto the young girl. They had talked briefly about this issue before. Perhaps subconsciously remembering his earlier conversation, he decided that he'd invite John over as well. 

Of course, he had no intentions of doing anything immoral with this girl. Still, his wife might not see things that way. It would be better for her if she didn't know what he would be doing while she was gone. Then, another thought came to his mind. He knew it was not the kind of thought an elder of the church should have been thinking, but he couldn't quite shut it out either. "Besides, if they are true then John and I are going to be very busy. That kind of behavior needs to be addressed properly." 

-----------------------------------------------

It didn't surprise Cheri that Mr. Knox had called her. By now, she had performed her own special ministry for more than a dozen men in the congregation... men in need, as she called them. Sure, he was an elder in the church, but Cheri had learned that unhappy men came from all walks of life. Rich men, poorer men, young, older... it didn't matter. 

The only thing consistent about the men she helped was that they were all married. Those were the men she had dedicated herself to comforting. Single men... she didn't pay any attention to them. Being with them would be more like dating and Cheri didn't want to lose her focus on the ministry she had devoted herself to performing. She had taken a personal vow to give to these men in need... to give everything.

She also wasn't surprised that Mr. Knox wasn't alone when she arrived at his home. But, it wasn't his wife, Sandy that was standing in the entryway next to Mr. Knox when he opened the door. It wasn't his teenage daughter Casey, a friend of hers, either. No. It was Mr. Phillips. She knew he was another elder in the congregation and a close friend of one of the men she had visited in the recent past. She often found that friends of the men she visited would soon be the next to call her up.

Memories of his friend's thick cock stretching her tight pussy flooded her memory. With an effort, she was able to conceal a small smile that was trying hard to shoot across her face. But, at the same time she remembered how she had been less successful keeping something else from shooting all over her face... a massive load of his friend's pent up passion. Judging by the way it had dripped from her chin, she knew that it had been a long time since he'd felt such satisfaction.

------------------------------------------------

The young girl that walked through his door was not quite like the girl he'd seen at church. What she wore was the first thing that called his attention to the difference. It's true that at church she wore tight clothes that showed off her nice figure. But, that was true of many young girls and even some of the older women. Women with nice figures liked to show them off. 

What was different now was that the clothes had a much more pronounced emphasis on drawing a man's attention to the pleasure zones barely concealed beneath the stretchy fabric that hugged her body. Overall, it was a fairly simple dress. But the innocent look of the white fabric contrasted with the way it stretched tightly around her body. The very low cut left her nice breasts nearly fully displayed and it was clear that she wore no bra underneath... her nipples strained against the thin fabric. The strapless design of the dress left it struggling to stay held up. It was lucky that her tits were rather large... that gave the dress something to cling to. 

After she had smiled and said hello to him, she had turned to greet his friend, Mr. Phillips. That's when Mr. Knox's attention was drawn to the very short cut at the bottom. An inch shorter and that tiny dress would have left part of her ass exposed. He imagined how a little bit of a bend forward... or the smallest little tug... and her ass would have been fully exposed to his view. Sexy, stiletto heels finished off the pronounced sexual look and made her look taller than she really was. They made her legs stretch so nice and taut. It seemed to suggest that her firm young body was ready to spring free from that clingy scrap of a dress.

------------------------------------------------

Cheri had come to Mr. Knox's house willingly. He had called her up a few days before. "Cheri, I was wondering if you would be able to come over to my house to discuss a few things," he had said. She had heard words like this before. She knew what it really meant. Like the other men, she knew that the man at the other end of the phone needed her to provide things that he wasn't getting at home. "I think Saturday would be best," he had continued. "My wife and daughter won't be here, so we can really have a serious discussion."

"So, what was it you wanted to discuss?" she asked innocently as they now sat down in the living room. Cheri had chosen a seat off to the side and crossed her legs, knowing that their eyes would be straining to see up her dress. She could feel it ride up even higher leaving her legs completely exposed. Her high heel dangled in the air, tantalizing them as if it were bait.

"Well, Cheri, I... uh... Actually, I mean WE... "Mr. Knox nodded towards his friend. It was obvious that he was a little nervous. She leaned forward, putting her hand on his leg. "It's OK, Mr. Knox," she said in a sweet voice. "Take your time! I'm here for you as long as you need me."

Mr. Knox's eyes were focused on how he could see even more of those great tits as she leaned towards him. He would have felt embarrassed when he was finally able to lift his eyes to hers, but she smiled in a way that excused his misdirected gaze. Besides, her hand was still on his leg, rubbing him slowly.

"Cheri. Mr. Phillips here... but not only him, others, too. He... I mean, they... Well, let's just say "people"... they have told me that you may be doing things that..." He paused. "How do I put this?" He was distracted by his cock growing hard as she continued rubbing his leg. "Let me get straight to the point. I'm worried that you may be tempting men in our church to commit sins. Sins of the flesh." He paused. "Do you understand what I mean?" he asked at the end, hoping that he had not offended her.

Cheri knotted her eyebrows and stuck out her bottom lip a little, looking both confused and pouty at the same time. "But, Mr. Knox," she said in an innocent voice. "I'm only trying to help the men that you seem to be talking about. I know the stress that they are dealing with at home. Men have wives, they go to church, but they still are creatures of the flesh. They have desires..." Her voice trailed off for a moment. "I'm helping those men."

Glancing first at Mr. Phillips who sat across from her, she rose to her feet then stepped over until she stood right in front of Mr. Knox. Cheri had seen the bulge growing in his pants and could hear how his breathing had become quicker and deeper. She knew what she was doing to him.

Cheri slid slowly down to her knees, right between his legs. "You must have desires, too, Mr. Knox," she said to him. "I'd like to help you with them. That's the kind of girl I am... I want to do what it takes to make you happy." Now she was the one that paused for a moment. "Do YOU know what I mean?"

She put her hands onto both his legs then slowly slid them forward until she got to his belt. As she pulled it open, followed by the button and zipper on his pants, she went on. "And, don't worry. I won't tell anyone. It will be our secret. Just yours and mine." She paused a moment, then glanced again at the other man. "And, of course, Mr. Phillips. It will be his secret, too. Only the three of us will know what we did today."

----------------------------------------

Cheri always thought it funny how the men liked to hold her head so tightly, pushing her mouth down onto their hard cock as if they were forcing her to take it. It was funny to her because there was very little else in the world that she liked more than the feel of a man's cock sliding past her lips, over her tongue, and pressing into the back of her throat. Still, she understood that men liked feeling that they were in control, forcing her to suck their cock as if she were a little teen slut being taught a lesson. She always played along with them, opening her eyes wide as if a bit afraid of the object she was being forced to suck and struggling ever so slightly at first.

She had started sucking his cock on her own, slow and smooth, as Mr. Knox sat there in his chair. But it wasn't long before he had put a hand on the back of her head and pushed her down further. She looked up at him as he slid himself deeper inside, looking into his eyes that had grown darker and wilder. She could see the lustful desire that had taken him over. She kept looking as long as she could, until he had pushed in so far that she gagged a little.

Mr. Knox had let go of her right away and pulled his cock back out of her mouth, afraid he'd gone too far. But Cheri looked up at him and shook her head. "It's OK," she said, breathing a little heavily. "Don't stop. If you want to choke me with it..." She paused and took another breath. "... then do it."

----------------------------------------

Mr. Knox was now standing while Cheri still knelt on her knees in front of him. He was fucking her mouth, watching as his cock slid over those lips glistening with lip gloss and sometimes pushing himself in until his cock was halfway down her throat. The occasional gag left drool dripping from his cock and her chin, a visible sign of the rough treatment she was receiving. He was amazed at how this teenage girl could take his cock so well.

When she could, she turned her eyes over towards Mr. Phillips. He was rubbing his cock through his pants as he watched her sucking his friend's cock. She made sure that he got to watch a good show, sliding her mouth all the way off that big cock then back down again, slurping loudly as she did.

It didn't take long before Mr. Phillips came over to her. With a sharp tug, he pulled down the top of her dress and watched as her tits sprang free. He squeezed them firmly, pushing them out to make her nipples stick out nice and hard. Cheri had put her own hands on them as well, but Mr. Phillips pushed them away. She understood perfectly, so she slid her arms behind her back. The men were in charge now.

----------------------------------------

Although she already knew, when Mr. Phillips started taking off his shirt and pants Cheri was literally face to face with the fact that she was going to have to take care of two cocks. She pulled free from Mr. Knox, and immediately slid Mr. Phillips' cock into her mouth. He groaned as she did, then it was his turn to take her head in his hands and push himself in until he was deep inside. Cheri looked up at him, her eyes watering ever so slightly, and fought off the urge to gag. She could see in his eyes that he knew she was struggling, trying hard to do her best. 

Mr. Phillips held her there for a few seconds then pulled himself out enough that she could breathe. She opened her mouth and gasped for air, sucking in as much as she could before he pulled her back down again and once again fucked her throat. Now it was Mr. Knox's turn with her tits, squeezing her nipples which were now very hard. She couldn't explain it, but sucking a cock always made them stick straight out. They were extremely sensitive and when he pinched them softly, it sent a wave of passion through her whole body. Cheri moaned, although the men could barely hear it. Not much sound got past the cock filling her mouth and throat.

Cheri tried hard to keep both men happy, but at some point they realized that there were other ways that this hot little teenage slut could be used to satisfy their needs. Mr. Knox sat down on the couch in front of her as Mr. Phillips moved behind her. She felt a firm push on her back which made her fall forward onto her hands and knees. This put her face once again right in front of for Mr. Knox's hard cock. He didn't hesitate this time, grabbing her by her ponytail and pushing himself back inside her mouth. As she sucked, Cheri felt her short dress get pulled up. It slid up and over her ass until she felt it bunched uselessly around her waist. She was now fully exposed for these men's pleasure.

The thin black strings that made up her panties were literally ripped off with one hard tug. Cheri wanted to look back to see the face of the man that was behind her, but Mr. Knox kept a tight hold on her hair to make sure she didn't let go of his cock. She couldn't see what Mr. Phillips was doing, but she knew what was next. 

Feeling strong hands on her ass, rubbing it and spreading her, Cheri sucked the cock in her mouth even harder. She used it as a pacifier to relieve the excitement from being spread open and the anticipation that she'd soon have a nice hard cock shoved into her tight little pussy. She imagined how Mr. Phillips' hungry eyes must be devouring the sight of her round ass and tight, shaved pussy. She knew she was exposed completely to his view... ready to be used.

With one hand, he grabbed her ass and spread her open while with the other he slid thick fingers between her legs. Rubbing slowly around her soaking wet pussy, made Cheri moan with pleasure. He worked on her for a minute or two, at first tracing circles around her pussy before sliding a finger inside and out ever so slightly. Mr. Phillips could see how much she wanted it, noticing how she spread her legs open a little wider as soon as he probed her opening. He also saw how his finger glistened with the wetness from her juices which flowed so freely that it also ran down the inside of her legs.

Sliding his fingers out then under her, he began to focus on her clit. He found that it had throbbed instantly to life, a hard little button that he gently rubbed and teased. He could see how much she liked it... watching her spread herself even wider, grinding herself against his finger with wanton pleasure. Most men would have quickly moved on to get their hard cock inside her, but not him... not today. 

"I think she likes it," Mr. Phillips said to his friend. "Her pussy is wet as can be. In fact, I think this slut is going to come for us." He then leaned forward, placing his mouth closer to her ear. "Are you, sweetheart? Is that what you are going to do? Are you going to come? Are you going to show us how much you like what we're doing to you?"

His hand had been moving faster and Cheri could feel the familiar tingle of an orgasm fast approaching. Her hips twitched and bucked. Then, abruptly, he stopped finger-fucking her, but kept his hand pressed lightly against her wet pussy. He knew he'd brought her close to the edge, and he wanted to see how she would respond. 

Without even thinking, Cheri found herself squirming back, trying to push her pussy against his fingers all by herself. Her moans of pleasure had changed into little whimpers of frustration. He knew she wanted him to keep doing what he had been doing. "What's the matter?" he asked tauntingly, still whispering in her ear. He watched as she pushed herself back and wiggled around, trying to find his finger again. "Do you want more? Did you like that finger touching you there?" He raised his free hand then landed a hard slap on her ass, her smooth skin turning instantly red. "That's because you're just a dirty little girl... a naughty, slutty little girl that likes to make herself come while sucking a hard cock!"

Cheri wondered if Mr. Phillips was right. She still wanted to think of herself as a good girl doing a special favor for these two men. But, she also knew that neither of their wives would be caught dead in this position. For sure, those were good, proper women. In the back of her mind, she started to think that maybe she was not like them. She was doing things that they would never do. Dirty things... with not just one, but two men. And, not only that... but she also knew something else, although she tried not to admit it. She wanted them to do it to her. She wanted it badly...

Mr. Knox finally let her slide herself back onto his fingers, then quickly helped her by finger-fucking her faster and faster. He seemed to know the exact spot to rub that quickly sent Cheri spiraling out of control. It didn't take long before Cheri felt herself starting to go tense and her pussy spasm with pleasure as an orgasm began gripping her body. As the feelings built, she sucked harder and faster on Mr. Knox's cock. 
