 Author's Note:

The following is a work of fiction. It may or may not contain characters based on persons living or dead and may or not may contain actions completed by these same persons who may or may not have lived.

The world where this story takes place is an alternate reality where sexually transmitted diseases and unwanted pregnancies do not exist (nod to BusyBadger).

This a continuation of the Candi character.

*****

Chase let four young women into the studio at school Friday night. "I wasn't sure if you were going to make it." he smiled as he greeted her with a warm embrace. "You look beautiful." he whispered into her ear.

"This is my roommate, Karlisha." Candi introduced the young woman. 

He took her hand and gently shook. "A pleasure to meet you, formally. Sorry about last time. We were, uh-" 

"Kind of in a hurry." she finished pleasantly.

He looked her over appreciatively, "Nice job." he whispered, "Does she know why she's here?" 

"Yes, but I told her you'd be naked too." 

He gave her a look of surprise, then realized her wisdom and said, "Seems fair. I should have thought of that."

"Ladies," he began, "I'd like you to meet to Ali and Gabby. They're from my photography class. They'll be posing and taking pictures also." Everyone shook hands all around and nervously eyed each other. He began to wonder if this was a really stupid idea.

"Hey, I brought some food from the restaurant. I thought we could eat something and talk about what we're going to be doing tonight." He led them to a circle of pillows and blankets on the floor with trays of finger foods, fruits, and desserts in the center. 

Each took a pillow with their group: Chase and the women he introduced on one side, Candi next to him, and her friend on the other side. Rather timidly, one or two of the girls took some fruit and very self-consciously ate while the others watched. He grabbed a half sandwich and offered one to Candi. She smiled broadly and accepted.

"Everyone has signed a model release and is here under her own free will. If at any time you don't want to participate, you are free to refuse. Is everyone okay with that?" he finished and looked around the circle and waited until each girl said yes. 

"I thought we could play a game, you know, to break the ice. We'll go around the circle, when it's your turn, tell us something deeply personal - like a time when you were the most embarrassed. Everybody else has to take off a piece of clothing or take a shot of whiskey." There was some whispering and he continued, "I know it's against school policy to have booze on campus, but I'm asking for your indulgence. If you don't want to participate, you can leave now - no harm, no foul."

Candi's girlfriend looked nervously at her, but Candi quietly reassured her it would be okay. Ali and Gabby were unfazed, they had helped Chase plan the photo session. "Ok. I'll go first. I took a swim class in high school. They issued swim trunks to us and they ran out of shorts my size. The ones they gave me were too big, but I thought it would be okay - you know, it was the first day of class, I was thinking we probably wouldn't be doing much. Anyway, coach lined us up for a race so he could see what he had to work with that class. I think he was just looking for guys for the swim team. So, we all line up at the edge of the pool, practically shoulder to shoulder and he yells go. We all jump in the water and start thrashing toward the other end." 

"It was like a scene from a horror movie where they throw somebody into a school of piranhas. I'm swimming as hard as I can and getting kicked and clawed. All the other kids are swimming or drowning or I don't even know what. So, I get to the other side and I see that I got there first so I quickly climb out and stand up do that thing from 'Rocky' where he's all raising his arms in the air and stuff. Then I hear this laughing."

"I look around to what some dweeby kid did when I notice they're pointing at me. What I didn't mention yet is that this was co-ed PE, so there were girls in the pool too. I look down and my swimsuit is gone! Sometime in the pool, probably back near the beginning, they slipped off. With all the adrenaline and drive to finish, I didn't even notice they were gone. 

So, there I am, buck naked in front of the entire class - everyone staring, guys whoopin' and hollerin'. And the water's not that warm so my," he paused, "stuff is tiny and shriveled." The girls' laughter was sporadic, but they were starting to relax.

"So, I quickly jump back in and put a hand over myself. Eventually, this girl brings me my swim trunks. I don't know if she took them, found them, or got them from someone else. She was my swim partner the rest of the year." He paused and the laughter died down. "I was the 'naked guy' that whole year." They all burst out laughing.

Once the laughter died down, he said, "Ok. Who's stripping and who's drinking?" Candi, Ali, and Gabby quickly grab their tops and cast them aside. Karlisha looked timidly at Candi then reached for a shot glass. He poured her a shot and she threw it back. "Ok, Candi. You're next."

It took a while for everyone to tell a story, but by the time Ali told her story about walking into class with toilet paper hanging down the back of her pants, everyone was either completely naked or in her underwear and had downed a few shots.

"Ok, let's get started." he offered brightly. A naked Chase stood and motioned the girls to toward the backdrop. "What I am going for is a study in contrast. Black contrasting white to be filmed in black and white. I am thinking about some abstracts, shapes, and landscapes with interesting angles and views." The young women looked at him with a range of expressions from rapt attention to near incomprehension.

"Let's try this. Candi, you here. Ali, you next to her, Karlisha, next to Ali, Gabby next to her." He carefully guided each girl until they were standing in a row shoulder to shoulder, black, white, black, white. "Alright, everyone chins up, shoulders back. Good, good." he encouraged. "Karlisha, forward just a bit, there, good." He took his large format camera and carefully snapped a couple of frames. 

He changed position, aimed the camera in a profile of Candi with a view of the other girls' breasts behind her. Since the girls were not the same height, each girl's left breast was visible. The effect like a series of black and white moguls with nipples on top. He voiced his approval.

Changing the camera angle again, he aimed the camera at Candi's round rump. The other girls' roundness was visible in smaller dimension behind hers. He raised and lowered the camera, capturing a variety of angles and perspectives. The final images resembled rounded sand dunes in sun and shade.

Switching cameras, he picked up the Polaroid and shot a couple of base shots, both front and back. It could be while before the large format film was developed. He wanted to capture where he was at that moment.

"Now, let's try a kneeling position. Gabby, you kneel here." Gently guiding her into position, her skin pimpled under and near his touch. "Karlisha, you kneel next to her, except you put one knee in between her knees." Karlisha knelt next to Gabby but was uncertain how he wanted her to do what he asked. Patiently, he took her hand and helped her stand. "This time, start behind her, not beside her." Karlisha lowered herself in behind Gabby. He guided her forward until the darker girl's breast was pressing against the other's back.

Ali needed no instruction and quickly moved into position. Karlisha had to open her knees more to allow Ali in. He held Candi's hand while she lowered herself into position and scooted forward until her flesh was pressed against Ali's. "Very nice." Chase said pleasantly. Everybody move in tight. Left arm in front, right arm around the back of the girl next to you. Brace yourself against her." He snapped a Polaroid and quickly moved in with the large format camera. He captured a number of contrasting shapes where their arms met shoulders and their knees interlocked.

Ali started complaining, "I'm horney. When are we going to be done?" 

"Hold still, please." he asked patiently with an edge just beneath the surface of his voice. He changed the camera angle from a profile to an overhead shot. Moving quickly, he quietly snapped more frames.

"Excellent! Now, Gabby, lean forward, that's right, hands and knees." Chase guided her with his fingertips, coaxing her into position. "Karlisha, you're going to do the same thing. Gabby, scoot over to make room for Karlisha, good." Karlisha carefully found her way into position. Ali and Candi followed suit. He helped each girl move into position.

He repeated the process, Polaroid first, large format camera next. He took a variety of angles, looking for interesting perspectives while quickly triggering the shutter. Ali started complaining again and this time Gabby chimed in. "I'm fucking horney. I need to get laid. When are we going to get done?" He ignored their comments while busily capturing the shapes their bodies made.

"Ok, now Gabby, stay kneeling and put your shoulders in the floor, that's right, face down, buns in the air." He guided the fair complected girl at the end. "Karlisha, do like Gabby is. You too, Ali." he directed simply. Candi needed no encouragement, she readily complied. 

"You just want to take pictures of our pussies!" accused Ali. 

"Ali, if I want to take pictures of your pussies, you'll bend over and spread your lips. We made a deal and you need to hold up your end." he stated flatly.

"Or what?!" challenged Ali. 

"Or we quit right now, you don't get any pictures, and you fail this assignment." he shot back. "Take your pick. I've got some good stuff. You've got nothing." 

Ali retorted, "Well, that's not fair." 

"What's not fair is you not keeping your word. Now settle back down. I have two more setups then it will be your turn, and then you can decide what pictures are taken." he finished and patted her patronizingly on her bare flesh.

"Can we at least take a break after this set?" asked Candi, hoping to break the palpable tension filling the large studio space. 

"Sure. Let's finish this set and take a break." he conceded.

He took the Polaroid and finished the set of shots he had planned. He didn't rush, he wasn't about to give Ali the satisfaction. He did take a couple of closeups of her backside, her lips were red and swollen. He imagined several torments for her but decided against it. 

"Well, that's a set. Let's take 10-minutes." The girls cheered at the acknowledgement that the set was over and then groaned at the short length of the break. "The longer you take a break, the longer you have to be here," he glared at Ali, "and not get laid."

Ali stuck out her tongue at him, then headed for the booze. She downed several long drafts before attacking a tiny sandwich on the food tray. Gabby and Karlisha waited their turn at the bottle, also drinking greedily. The girls' heads came together, and they started whispering.

Chase helped Candi up. Trying to maintain an air of professionalism, he resisted the urge to sweep her into his arms, squeeze her mightily, and swing her around the room. 

Looking concerned, Candi brought a soft hand up to his face, gently asking, "Are you okay?" When he nodded the affirmative, she continued, "How did you end up with her as a partner?" 

He chuckled softly, "Well, she's in my photography class. She said she is an artist and she had all these ideas that sounded really cool, actually." 

He looked at the gaggle of girls around the food tray. They were still whispering and laughing, getting louder by the minute. He had not fully considered the other effects of alcohol on the assembled group. He wanted the benefits of some relaxation of inhibitions but did not consider that might free other inhibitions like the growing restlessness of the girls.

He glanced at his watch. "Why don't you go get something to eat. We'll get started in a few minutes. I don't want to be here any later than I have to be, if you know what I mean." he finished with a wink. Candi smiled and headed for the food.

As Candi got closer to the rest of the girls, they all got quiet and look around awkwardly. "So, what are you talking about - me?" she demanded. 

"No!" hissed Ali. "Him." she gestured toward Chase. 

"What about him?" Candi pressed on. 

"He's hot and we're all horney." Ali retorted. "Is he a good lay?" Ali snickered. Candi ignored her crass remark and chose some finger foods to eat.

"Karli said she saw you fucking him in your apartment, is that true?" Ali asked. Candi shot Karlisha a withering stare. Karlisha wouldn't make eye contact with Candi. "Well, did you?" Ali insisted. 

"Not that it's any of your business, but yeah, I did. He's great and he's too good for you." Candi said proudly. 

Ali muttered under her breath, "We'll just see about that."

Chase setup the boom camera and loaded fresh rolls of film in each camera. He checked the lighting and his notes. 'Only two sets left, and I can get out of here, hopefully before it gets ugly.' he mulled.

Out of the corner of his eye, he watched the girls. They were still whispering, but they weren't laughing any more. Candi looked like she was about to deck Ali. 'Ali would probably have deserved it.' he chuckled to himself.

"What's so funny?" demanded Ali, looking over at Chase. 

"Nothing you would find amusing." he said pleasantly with merriment still on his lips. He just watched the girls finish the food. At least they had eaten something, all that booze and no food would make for a bunch of drunks that would be uncooperative and hard to handle.

Eventually, Ali lead the girls back to where he was waiting. "We've decided." she announced. He waited for her to continue. "We've decided that you're going to, going to..." she trailed off. 

"I'm going to what?" he demanded. His steely gray eyes burned into her watery eyes. 

"I'm horney, we're horney, and you're gonna do it." she shot back. 

He smiled broadly and pull his muscular arm around her shoulders. "Are you horney?" he asked mockingly, "And you want me to do something about it, slut?" 

"Yes, yes!" Ali exclaimed. 

"Bend over, bitch. Show me your nasty cunt, slut." he commanded. 

"Yesss!" she hissed, "Talk dirty to me. Make me your bitch!"

Ali bent over and spread her legs provocatively, continuing to beg for satisfaction. "Is this what you want, whore?" he teased her, waving his semi-erect penis around like a hose. He roughly slapped her ass. 

Ali howled and begged for more, "Put it in, stud! Give it to me!" He only laughed and spanked her more.

"What do you think girls? Should I give it to her? If I do, then you won't get any. Is that what you want?" he demanded. The girls looked around at each other but avoided eye contact with him. 

"Let's finish up the sets and you can go find yourselves some cock, or pussy, or whatever gets you off." He spanked Ali again, deliberately striking her swollen wetness. Ali growled.

"Are we done now? Can we get started again?" He asked the group. When no one disagreed, he directed, "Gabby, sit down where we were before with your legs out straight in front of you." Gabby quietly complied. "Now, lie on your back, good. Karli, you lie next to her, head to toe." Karlisha moved into position and waited. He continued, "Ali, lie down like Gabby. Scoot over until you're touching Karli, good. Candi, please lie down like Karli."

Chase waited until the girls were in position, head to toe, hip to hip. "Now, Gabby, pull your knees up to your chest." He waited quietly while the young Armenian woman complied. "Karli, please do the same thing." When both girls were ready, he continued. "Gabby, put your right leg between Karli's legs, Karli, you put your right leg between Gabby's." The girls seemed uncertain and hesitated. He knelt and patiently took Gabby's ankle and guided it through Karlisha's legs and put it to rest on Karli's chest. He then took Karlisha's ankle and repeated the process.

"Okay, you two, do the same, please." he directed toward Ali and Candi. When the girls didn't immediately respond, he repeated the process, first with Candi then Ali. As he gently placed Candi's ankle on Ali's chest, Ali threw an arm around his neck and pulled his face toward hers. 

She pulled Chase off balance and he fell forward onto her chest. Unfazed, she stage whispered into his ear, "I'm still FUCKING horney. You better get ready to give me what I need." she demanded. He responded by biting her closest nipple. Ali howled in pain and delight, releasing his neck. 

He put his face next to hers and growled, "Not part of the deal, Ali. What do think I'm going to do? There's one of me and four of you. Do you think the other girls would just like to watch while I 'give you what you need'?" he retorted as his voice dripped with sarcasm.

Fire filled her eyes as she hissed, "I don't really care what those other sluts want. I want cock and I want it now!" 

"I'm not your fuck toy. Let's finish this up and you can go find some drunken frat boy to nail you and kick you out." he responded with impatience turning into anger. "Now, be a good little slut, lie on your back, spread your legs, and do as you're told so we can get done." he finished, nearly shouting. Ali lied on the floor seething but didn't say anything more.

Picking up the Polaroid, he moved to Candi's side and pointed the camera's viewfinder at the line of intertwined thighs, readying the first shot. "Okay, now everyone straighten your legs, point your toes, your feet should all be at the same level as Candi's and Gabby's. 

He went over and helped each girl get into position. "Plant your elbow on the floor and support the other girl's legs. Good, Ali, hold Candi's up a little higher. Good. Hold it." he encouraged, then took the Polaroid and quickly followed with the large format camera. The setup looked like the interlocking fingers of black and white hands.

"Excellent. Stay where you are and relax. Let your partner's legs rest on you for a minute." he offered. 

"Everyone doing okay?" he asked. Ali was about to complain, but Chase cut her off. "Everyone except Ali, are you okay?" The girls nodded quietly, they had seen him angry just a few minutes before.

After a few minutes, he readied the contrasting skin toned young women for the next step in the set. "I want you to bend your knees and rest your feet on your partner's stomach or hand." Chase knelt next to Gabby and gently lifted Karlisha's knees and placed one foot on Gabby's smooth abdomen and lifted Gabby's hand to hold the other. 

Gabby propped herself up and whispered in Chase's ear. "I would love to see you fuck the shit out of Ali. She is being such a drama queen. Slap her ass until she can't sit, pull her hair out, then spank her some more." He was surprised by the faintly olive-skinned girl's comment but didn't reply. He only cocked his eyebrow and looked at her, gauging her seriousness.

He continued helping the girls into position. Before he helped Candi put her feet on Ali, he gave Ali a warning glare. She merely licked her lips as seductively as she could in her drunken state and mouthed, "I love to suck cock." He just shook his head. 

"Ok, ready? Good, everyone point your toes, hold your partner's feet at the same level as the foot on your stomach. Good, here we go." he praised. He repeated the filming sequence, looking for and finding a number of interesting angles and perspectives. 

When he finished, he praised them again, "Awesome! Two more poses and we'll be done with the set." A couple of the girls made audible groans. He was pretty sure one was Ali, but he wasn't sure about the other - Karli? Gabby? He was positive it wasn't Candi, or was it? Candi had been really patient, but was she getting tired of it?
