 Author's Note:

The following is a work of fiction. It may or may not contain characters based on persons living or dead and may or not may contain actions completed by these same persons who may or may not have lived.

The world where this story takes place is an alternate reality where sexually transmitted diseases and unwanted pregnancies do not exist (nod to BusyBadger).

This a continuation of the Candi character.

*****

While the others went for some water, Ali and Chase went over the camera equipment. "Do you want to use the Polaroid?" he asked politely. 

"No, just the big camera. You know you took the whole goddamn evening, don't you?" she chided. 

"Actually, Ali, if you had just let me keep everyone on task, we could have finished much sooner." he replied matter-of-factly. 

Ali growled, "Get 'em back over here so we can get started. Can you do that?" she asked with irritation.

He just chuckled and walked toward the huddle of femininity. He didn't know exactly what she was being so difficult about, she had gotten her way with their 'sex toy' game. 

Reaching the circle of new friends, he put his arms around Candi and Karlisha. "Ready for part two, ladies?" he asked genially. 

Candi tucked into his embrace and whispered, "You know I'm only doing this for you, right? If she pisses me off again, I'm walking." Then she kissed his cheek to let him know that it wasn't his fault. 

Karlisha mirrored Candi's actions, she whispered, "If she goes, I go. But you already knew that. Besides that, you still owe me a turn, mister." Then she bit his earlobe and placed her hand around his dangling flesh.

The three of them started toward the impatient Ali. When Chase noticed Gabby wasn't walking yet, he turned and invited her, "Coming Gabby?" 

Gabby rushed to catch up, muttering under her breath, 'I did, thank you. And I'd like to come again.' Chase didn't hear what she said but pulled her warmly into the group huddle. He squeezed her shoulder with his muscular arm and kissed on top of her head. "What was that for?" she asked with surprise in her voice. 

"We're almost done. You did a good job tonight." then he pulled her closer and whispered in her ear, "Besides that, I know you were first to have a turn." Gabby sputtered and blushed profusely but didn't argue with him.

Before Ali could speak, Karlisha turned and faced everyone. "It's time for another 'turn'." she said brightly. "Chase, cum, lie down." she chuckled at the double entendre. 'Actually, it's lie down and cum.' she thought to herself. He complied without argument. He was quietly concerned about how this round would go. He was hopeful he would be able to perform again so quickly.

As the black girls moved into their respective positions, Gabby looked around uncertainly. Ali motioned for her to come to her. "Let that limp dick have his black sluts. You can help me." Ali said with a sneer. Gabby watched as Karlisha crouched between his legs, just like she had less than an hour before. She wanted to feel him inside her again, but she had her turn and now it was over. 

Candi knelt over Chase's blindfolded head as she had both times before. Gabby wondered why they even bothered with the blindfold if Chase knew who had their turn and when.

Gabby watched as Karlisha took his manhood into her mouth limp and exited hard. She felt twinges of jealousy both because Karlisha had him now and she seemed to be better at fellating him. Gabby passively noticed that Candi was talking to him, nibbling on his ear, and kissing his neck. She couldn't hear what they were talking about; she assumed it was just pillow talk.

Ali readied the cameras and turned toward the threesome. Karlisha was straddled over his groin, rubbing his nightstick against her dark entrance. She hissed, clenched, and relaxed with each stroke through her most sensitive attachments. Gabby absentmindedly fingered her own as she remembered him impaling her repeatedly. 

Both girls were surprised when Candi got up, turned, and lowered herself onto his open mouth. He mumbled happily as Candi tentatively brought her dew to his lips for a taste. Karlisha didn't even notice for a time; she was too lost in her own personal sex induced fog. She had gone from gentle stroking to bucking like a bronco, her full flesh responding to each impact with his.

Ali's irritation grew as she watched both young women clearly enjoy what he was doing for them. "All right, Gabby. Here is what you're gonna do." Ali then instructed her on what she wanted the Armenian girl to do. Ali saw she was about to whine, so she shoved Gabby toward the threesome, firmly spanking her as she stumbled. Gabby looked back toward Ali, but Ali's expression was stern, and she gestured toward the lovers.

Timidly, Gabby stood in front of Candi as she writhed on Chase's mustache with her eyes closed and moans escaped her trembling lips. Ali pointed at Candi repeatedly, willing Gabby to perform her assignment. Slowly, Gabby crouched until her lips were level with Candi's. Fearfully, she closed the gap between the fuller lips of the girl in rapture. When they met, she felt a spark of static electricity pass between them. Candi may have been surprised, but she didn't emerge from her trance nor did she pull away from Gabby's feather-like touch. Ali quietly snapped a frame, then gestured Gabby forward.

Gabby came in again, apprehensively pressing her lips to Candi's. Again, Candi didn't pull away or rebuff the olive-skinned girl visibly shaking in front of her. Gabby continued with the kiss, slowly applying increasing pressure - ready to run at the first sign of rejection. Candi seemed to become aware of something happening to her lips. Without questioning what, she returned the nervous kiss. Encouraged by Candi's acceptance and egged on by Ali's frantic gesturing, Gabby deepened the kiss, pressing her fingers into the other's kinky hair. 

Unexpectedly, Gabby found the kiss to be sweet and wanted more. Demurely, Gabby mashed her lips against Candi's. Growing more confident as the seconds ticked by, Gabby put both hands on Candi, one around the back of neck pulling them more tightly together, the other tenderly caressing the chocolate colored neck. Risking that the spell would be broken, Gabby pressed her tongue against the full lips in contact with her own. Rewarded by the invitation, Gabby rushed into explore this new friend's hollow. Gabby's moans grew to match Candi's in the volume and frequency. None of the lovers noticed as Ali snapped frame after frame of the foursome in motion.

Karlisha was piledriving him now. She knew he wouldn't last as long as she wanted him. She hoped that since he had discharged his weapon earlier, it would take some time to fire again. Thoughts of Candi riding him in similar fashion in their dorm room kept pushing into her mind, trying to break her focus. She should be sensitive to Candi's feelings, after all, they share a dorm room together. It would make the rest of the semester awkward if there was bad blood between them. The joy between her legs shouted down the doubts, the animal within asserted itself without regard to Candi's feelings.

Candi was in the clouds. Intimately aware of his mouth bringing her new-found joy, she was surprised to find the thin lips kissing her. Deliberately ignoring the questions, she allowed the sexual feast to continue unabated. She surprised herself when she broke the lip lock to hiss at the lips to suck her tits. 

After what felt like a long time, the timorous lips found a dark areola. "Yes!" hissed Candi, her lustful need expressing herself. Candi wrapped an arm around the girl's head, thrusting the breast more firmly against the submissive lips. Candi forced the heavy flesh of her breast between those same lips, eager to feel the raspy surface of a tongue on the sensitized button on top. Candi moaned her satisfaction when the surprised mouth responded as a child suckling its mother's bosom. Ali captured the entire event, from fear turning to lust, on film with great detail.

Chase was unaware of what was happening above his head, but intimately aware of how Candi was responding to it. She had initially ground his face like Karlisha was riding him, but now she seemed less focused. He hoped Karlisha was near climax, he was starting to feel sore. If she didn't finish him soon, he would have to stop.

Karlisha was pounding away happily when she felt her orgasm peak suddenly. Eager for a powerful climax, she frigged her clit furiously as spasms rocked her sweat drenched flesh. Her slickened canoe pulled on the oar paddling her pleasure. She drew great satisfaction when she felt him fill her insides with hot cream. He groaned in the agony of orgasm, finally releasing after the workout Karlisha had done on him. Ali captured the eruption and the collapse. The camera recorded the expressions of ecstasy on each of their faces.

Candi noticed that he was groaning more than licking, rubbing, or nuzzling her slot. She had climaxed more than once. He had driven her into a madness that she was just starting to come out of. When she opened her eyes, she saw Gabby's dark hair working back and forth on her breast. Gently putting her hands on either side of the pale girl's face, Candi gently withdrew the tit she had been gnawing on. Candi kissed her tenderly, "Thank you. I enjoyed that." 

Gabby blushed profusely, "Me too." 

Ali stealthily snapped the final frames of the lovers as the 'turn' ended. 

Karlisha dutifully 'cleaned up' Chase's tool. She smiled smugly as flaccid meat regained some rigidity as she performed licking and sucking to remove their shared love juices. Candi laid next to Chase and kissed him, tasting herself for the first time. "We're going to have to do that again." she quipped. 

"Definitely." panted Chase, "definitely." 

After finishing her tender ministrations, Karlisha laid on Chase's other side. The three of them luxuriated in a loving embrace. Gabby looked around uncomfortably. She wanted to participate but didn't see an opening for her.

Ali, ever the impatient one, interrupted the bliss. "If you horney sluts are done, we can get started so we can all get out of here." 

Slowly the human Oreo sandwich broke up and the three helped each other to stand. Candi removed the blindfold. He blinked in the bright studio lights. "I need some water." he declared to no one in particular and headed toward the cooler. Arm in arm the trio walked away.

"Did you get what you wanted?" asked Gabby submissively. 

"Yes, but you could have gone into to it more like you were supposed to." rebuked Ali. 

"Hey! That was hard for me." Gabby whined. 

"Shouldn't be, you've certainly sucked my tits more than once." retorted Ali. 

"Yeah, but that was," Gabby paused, "different." 

"And how was that different?" Ali smirked, "They're just fat." 

"I didn't know," Gabby started, her voice trailing off. 

"You didn't know what? That that slut likes to have her tits sucked while she's getting off? I certainly do. I know you do." Ali chided. 

"Yeah, but, you know," Gabby started to whisper, "she's not like us." 

Ali snorted derisively, "Any slut is just 'like us', if you do it right. She kissed you back, made you suck her fat tits." 

"I guess so." came the defeated reply.

After the trio had refreshed themselves, they returned to the backdrop and looked expectantly at Ali. Ali started instructing the group, "Alright, now that our boy has satisfied his obsession with 50s pin up girls, we can move on the something way more interesting. We'll still have contrast, but the pictures will be more active, no dull landscapes made of fat asses or devastated forests of legs in the air." 

She jabbed hard at Chase, but he was in a good mood and let it just flow past him. He just shook his head and asked, "And what are these 'active' pictures about? Are you going to be getting to that soon?" 

"Yes, as a matter of fact, I am. Candi, come here." Candi stood forward, ready to beat the much skinner black haired woman if provoked. "You are a Nubian queen. A new bunch of slaves have been brought to you for your inspection. Chase, you and Gabby come here." Chase looked at Gabby, shrugged his shoulders and walked casually to where Ali and Candi stood. "You two will be the slaves. Now, get on your knees." 

Chase chuckled, "You're not even ready to take pictures. I don't even have an idea of what you want me to do. You said these were going to be 'active' pictures. What is the action?"

Ali reached into one of the duffle bags she had brought. She pulled out large leather straps, collars, and chains. "Karli, would you help me, please?" she asked sweetly. Karlisha took an armful of the apparatus and stood in front of Chase. 

"Kneel slave!" she commanded with merriment on her face and sternness in her voice. 

Chase knelt down, stifling the urge to say, 'Yessa, Massa. Don' beat me Massa.' as he recognized that would be in poor taste, but he found the role reversal amusing anyway. Gabby watched as Karlisha selected a large collar with D-rings and put it around his neck. He got a faceful of chocolate milk colored breasts while Karlisha worked the buckle on the heavy collar. She could have avoided the face to boob contact easily, but she enjoyed rubbing his face in it - literally.

Ali turned her focus on Gabby. "Come Gabby, you knew this is what we're gonna do." 

"Yeah, I know, but I still don't like it." the olive-skinned girl whined but complied anyway. 

Ali quickly put the collar and shackles on the white slave girl. Chase noticed with some amusement that Ali seemed to have some skill in installing the gear. Karlisha was still fumbling with the connecting chains when Ali finished Gabby's and began to work on Chase. Ali roughly put Chase's arms behind his back and attached the wide shackles on his wrists together like she had already done to Gabby. 

Karlisha pretended to be adjusting Chase's collar when she tugged on one of the chains and whispered in his ear, "I would enjoy taking another 'turn' with you in these chains."

Ali returned to the duffle bags, "I have a headpiece, neckpiece, rod and staff for you, Candi. I have a smaller headpiece and neckpiece for you, Karli." The standing women looked at the props with amazement. 

"Where did you get these?" fawned Karlisha. 

"I could wear this all the time." gushed Candi as she put on the headpiece. It looked like an Egyptian headpiece, something like a pharaoh, but not King Tutt's. 

Ali helped Karli with the neckpiece, then dug through the bag for a short leather whip. "This is for me?" asked Karli with surprise. 

Ali retrieved the neckpiece for the queen character and put it around Candi's neck. "I got these from the drama department. I know they're Egyptian, but that's the best I could do for free." 

"No complaints here." came Chase's rich baritone voice. Candi beamed in his direction, holding the rod and staff in an 'X' across her chest like she had seen pictures of mummies and pharaohs holding them.

Once again Ali gave instructions before filming, "I don't have a throne for you, so you'll just have to stand for the first set. Karli, you'll need to stand off to the side - still in the opening shot, but not central to the composition. I want to capture a few establishing shots, kind of wide screen view of the stage. Then I'll move in to capture the motion and emotion of the scene. Everybody got it? How about you, Chase did you get it?" she jabbed again. 

"Yes, Ali I got it. If you want me to stay, you need to get on with it." he retorted. Ali made a production of rolling her eyes, like she was just putting up with so much.

"Candi, stand tall, like a royal - shoulders back, arms akimbo. Look down on your new slaves with haughty pride, you are their new queen. They are merely slaves." Candi stood up straighter, her expression one of disdain, as if displeased with the offering. "Excellent. Keep the revulsion on your face, we'll need that. Karli, your new slaves are not meeting the Queen's approval. You need to beat them into submission. Use your whip. Be angry, these are slaves and if the Queen is displeased, it's a problem for you." 

With fire shining from her eyes, Karlisha threw out the whip and let it rest on the slaves' backs. Ali started shooting and calling out instructions. "Slaves, act more contrite. Lower your heads, you must avert your eyes. Karli, more whip, make it look like you are beating them." Karlisha threw out the whip again. Ali caught it in midair. She snapped a few more frames.

"Now, slaves, you need to beg for mercy. I want to see you fearing for your lives. I want to see you willing to do anything to be spared. You want to stay together. You need to be desperate." Ali instructed. Chase pushed forward until his face was near Candi's breast. Ali noticed, "Good slave, please your queen. Maybe then she'll spare you. Gabby, you too. Get in there." The two 'slaves' shuffled in closer, their faces directly in front of the Candi's full breasts. 

It was awkward to maintain that position trussed up in shackles and chains. Chase fell forward into Candi's bosom. Ali captured the collision and Candi's honest surprise. "Good, Candi. Now look angry at his insolence, but don't push him away, not yet. Slave, start licking the breast. Do it like your life depends on it. Karli, stand ready to protect your queen. Act like you are going beat him down." 

Karlisha positioned herself nearer to Candi, hovering over Chase's bowed head, whip in hand. Ali moved to capture the new dynamic, "I want to see your tongue stretched out toward her breast. I want to feel your desperation, slave." He half-hearted complied with the demand.

"That was ok. If I were queen, I don't know if I would spare you. I'm just not feeling it." Ali derided the male slave.

Chase was about to retort when the Queen shoved his head downward towards the place he was pleasing just minutes again. Ali crowed her delight, "That's what I'm talking about. Keep that expression, just like that." The camera shutter fired rapidly.

"Slave, show me that tongue. Remember, you'll do anything to be spared." Chase stuck out his tongue, just short of the familiar flesh mound. Ali drew in close, carelessly pushing Gabby aside. "That's it. Now lick her, lick her lick your life depends on it." 

Chase turned his head toward the nearby camera, "Listen, Ali. I'm not doing a porno for you. This is for school. People we know are going to see this. I'm okay with the nudity, but I won't do that. You got that?" he stated firmly.

"Oh, the slave won't do sex scenes. The slave is okay with taking naked pictures of young girls but doesn't want people to see him." she taunted sarcastically. 

Chase shot back, "You are not listening. I didn't take any pictures of any of you in a sex scene. That is not what the assignment is. You also need to stop calling me slave. I'm not your slave." he demanded. 

"Well, it looks that way to me, slave." she taunted, "You're the one in chains and I'm the one giving orders."

His anger now boiling over, Chase rose awkwardly to his feet. He had been kneeling so long, he didn't have full feeling in his legs. Candi and Karlisha helped him stand. "Free my hands." he directed to no one in particular. Four hands frantically worked to free the restraints. 

With one large step, Chase closed the gap between them. He grabbed a shock of her hair in his vise like grip. Deftly, he stripped the camera away from her hands and handed it to Candi. Guiding her to her knees by pulling her hair downward sharply, Ali knelt in front of Chase. "Now who is the slave?" he growled.

Ali's eyes spewed laser beams at Chase, "Just because you're pulling my hair like a girl doesn't mean you're the boss of me." she bit out defiantly, "You're just a limp dick, you've got nothing over me." she spat. 
