 *This is a true story, except for the bit of poetic license I took to make myself appear a bit more calm, cool and collected...Enjoy!

*

Fifteen years ago, the internet was really in its infancy, but it was opening a whole new world for me. Growing up in a small Ohio town, there was no talk alternative lifestyles, but even then I knew that I was different. So armed with my dial up connection and AOL account, I set off into the world of chat-rooms. I was 25 years old, traveling the world on an expense account and ready to experience what life had to offer.

The chat-room that I found most compelling was Bi Couples for bi Men. Although I had never had a bi experience, my fantasies were full of images of a woman holding me, encouraging me as her husband slowly slid his cock into my ass. I masturbated constantly to various scenarios of this fantasy. I found out quickly that most people on the internet were posers looking for fantasies with no real intention of ever meeting, but then I came across Cynthia and Lou. They messaged me first saying that they were a bi married couple, mid 40's who were looking for a younger man to play with them. 

Since they lived in a small town and had kids close to the age that they were looking for, they felt more comfortable finding someone who lived out of state. Since I traveled regularly to Illinois, it wouldn't be a problem to get together. We spoke on the phone several times, getting to know each other and talking about their likes and dislikes and my fantasies. I told them honestly that I had no experience, but was eager for a more experienced couple to take me under their wing and teach me. I explained my fantasies of being submissive to an older couple, to be used by them to please them in any way they wanted.

While on the phone, they would ask me to masturbate and describe my cock to them. I stroked myself as they told me exactly how they wanted to use me. I couldn't get to Illinois fast enough.

I scheduled a trip to visit customers in the area and checked with Cynthia and Lou to see if that week worked well for them. I booked a hotel near their small town and we arranged to meet at Chili's the next Monday.

I checked into my hotel a couple of hours before we were to meet. I was extremely nervous and excited. I took my time getting ready. At 25, I was in the best shape of my life. Since I feel that my legs and ass are very sculpted and my best feature, I decided to wear shorts and a polo shirt. I walked to the Chili's and was just sitting down at the bar sipping a beer when they arrived. We immediately recognized each other from our descriptions. Cynthia was beautiful-about 5'4" with long dark hair, a few extra pounds and beautiful large breasts. She had worn a top that definitely displayed her assets. 

Cynthia immediately came up and hugged me. "I feel like I've known you forever already," she whispered in my ear. I felt her press into me and hold me just a moment longer before releasing me. Lou shook my hand and touched my shoulder with his other. He was a handsome man, blond like me, but a bit taller at about 6'. Cynthia and I went to find a table while Lou got their drinks.

She immediately slid next to me in the booth and put her hand on my leg. "God, you have such hot legs, Mike." She rubbed them a little bit. I still kept my hands to myself. Lou joined us and soon we were laughing and joking like old friends. Any nervousness or awkwardness that I had felt quickly disappeared in their wonderful company. After our third round, I excused myself to go to the bathroom. 

As I stood at the urinal, I heard the door open. Lou came up to the stall next to me and looked down at my half hard cock. "Very nice." He unzipped his fly and pulled out his cock. He was already hard. It looked like it was a little bigger than mine, probably about 7" and pretty thick. "Cynthia and I spoke when you left and we would love for you to come home with us, if you feel comfortable with that."

"I think I'd really like that Lou."

"Great. We're going to have a really good time tonight."

I smiled, washed my hands and went back to the booth. Cynthia was already standing. "Did Lou talk to you?" she asked, slipping her hand around my arm. I nodded and smiled. "So you're coming with us?" I nodded again. She smiled and reached up to kiss my cheek. 

"I can't wait to get you naked," she whispered.

Lou came back from the restroom. "Is everyone ready?"

Cynthia kissed him and said yes.

I said, "My car is at the hotel. I have to go get it."

"Well, why don't you just ride with us. We can bring you back to the hotel whenever you want."

I thought for a moment, realizing that I was giving up my chance for a quick escape if things didn't work out, but they were so nice that I really didn't think it would be a problem. To be honest, at this point, most of my thinking wasn't being done by the head on my shoulders.

"Alright."

We went out to their Cadillac Seville. I started to get in the back seat, when Cynthia stopped me. "Why don't you ride up here between us, Mike?" I shrugged and slid across the front seat. My legs were pressing against Lou's. As Lou drove, Cynthia took my left hand and placed it on Lou's leg. She then took my right hand and placed it on her leg, just under the hem of her skirt. I slowly rubbed each of their legs, moving higher until I felt hardness on my left and dampness on my right. Cynthia leaned over and started licking my ear-something that always blows my mind.

I slide my left hand higher, finally feeling the full length of Lou's cock. God, it felt huge. Lou gave a little moan as I ran my hand up and down the length of his still covered cock. Cynthia whispered, "How do you like your first touch of another man's cock?" I just moaned and gave it a little squeeze. "I can't wait to see you suck it. I'll teach you how to take it deep and show you what he really likes, then when you have him ready to burst, I'm going to lube you up and help you get fucked for the first time." She punctuated this statement with a squeeze to my cock, which was aching to get out of my pants.

We arrived at their nice, but modest home in a small subdivision outside Champaign, Illinois. Lou retrieved a beer for each of us and we settled on the couch with me sitting between the two of them.

"How are you feeling?" Cynthia asked.

"I'm a little nervous and a lot excited," I responded. Cynthia leaned over and touched her lips to mine. I felt her tongue touch my lips and I opened my mouth to accept her. She immediately began to run her hands over my body. I felt a hand massaging my cock through my pants and looked down to see that it was Lou's.

"Let's go in the bedroom." Cynthia took me by the hand and led the way. Once in the bedroom, Cynthia and Lou sat down on the bed as I stood before them. "Strip for us."

Nervously, I pulled my polo shirt off, revealing my firm, hairless chest and stomach. They were touching each other as they watched. I removed my sandals and unbuckled my belt and slowly slid my shorts down my legs. I was standing in front of them in my boxer briefs, with a nice tent forming in the front.

"Everything." she said. They had begun to remove their own clothes and my cock jumped at the sight of her large firm tits. I removed my underwear and stood before them, my hard 6" cock pointing straight at them.

"Now, Michael, you are a guest in our home and we expect you to treat our home with respect." I was a little taken aback by her firmer tone. "Please, pick up your clothes, fold them and place them on the chair." I bent over to pick up my clothes. "No Michael, turn around and pick them up. I turned and bent over, and immediately felt two hands caressing my ass. I picked up the clothes, folded them neatly and placed them on the chair. They came to meet me as I returned to the bed.

Cynthia came in front of me, wrapping her arms around my waist. She reached up to kiss me. My cock was pushing into her soft belly. Lou came to my back and I was wrapped in a hot embrace. I felt Lou's cock prodding my ass crack and I squirmed against it, loving the feeling.

They led me to the bed. I layed between them as they both started kissing down my body. They each took a nipple in their mouth, softly sucking. Cynthia nibbled on my right nipple, causing shivers to run through my body and my cock to starting dripping precum. They worked their way down to my shaved cock and balls. Cynthia tongued my balls, taking each one into her mouth, alternating. Lou licked the precum off my cock then slid his mouth over it. His tongue flicked lightly on the underside as his mouth provided perfect suction.

Cynthia came back up and slipped a nipple into her mouth. As I sucked and nursed on her sweet tit, she began to whisper to me again. "Do you like Lou sucking your cock?"

I nodded my head. "Yes Cynthia." She grabbed my hair and pulled my face back to her breasts. "I want you to call me, Mommy. Will you do that for me?" 

"Yes Mommy."

"Look at Daddy sucking your cock. I know you want to suck Daddy's cock don't you?"

"Yes Mommy."

"First, you have to please Mommy," she said, lifting off me. "Do you know how you're going to do that?" "No Mommy."

She repositioned herself and squatted over my face, facing Lou. "Baby's going to lick Mommy's pussy. You want to lick Mommy's pussy?"

I barely got out, "Yes Mommy," when she ground herself against my face, rubbing her pussy all over. My face was immediately soaked and my tongue was out, searching for her nectar. She positioned herself with my nose against her asshole. I began to take long slow licks, savoring every drop. Occasionally, I would latch my lips to her clit and gently pull it into my mouth. Her body shuddered every time I did that.

"Oh yes, baby, Mommy's so hot, Mommy's going to cum on your face. Here it comes baby...suck my clit." I sucked her into my mouth again and felt her body spasm on top of me. She pushed down so hard that my mouth was engulfed with her sex. Her juices began to flow into my mouth and I eagerly lapped up every drop. Her body went limp above me, her pussy was still pushing down on my face. After a few moments, she sort of fell to the side.

"Come on up here, Lou. Let me show Michael how to suck on your nice big cock." Lou kneeled between us. Cynthia took my hand and wrapped it around his shaft. "Just slowly stroke him and watch me." I played with his cock and reached down to feel the heft of his balls in my hand. I held his head towards Cynthia's mouth and watched as she snaked her tongue across the head. She kissed the tip and the suddenly plunged down until her mouth hit my hand. She bobbed back and forth, stopping only to lick the precum off his head.

"Come here, baby." She took my hand off the hard 8" cock and wrapped her small hand around it. She fluffed a pillow and laid my head on it, then guided Lou's cock to my mouth. I licked as she had done, then slowly let her insert him into my mouth. I couldn't believe that I was actually sucking cock. All the times I had masturbated thinking of this moment, but fantasies didn't compare to the real thing. Lou positioned himself above me and began to slowly pump himself into me. Cynthia kept hold of his cock to not let him go to far, but soon I could feel his balls on my chin.

I tried to relax and take him all the way in. I had practiced on dildos, but there was one very real difference. I was his to use, I couldn't control how quickly or how deeply he took me. He fucked my mouth for several strokes, then pulled out and rubbed his cock all over my face.

"Look how much he wants that cock, Lou. His tongue is hanging out trying to get it as you rubbed it all over him." Lou stuck his cock back in my mouth, this time letting me work on the head. I swirled my tongue around his head, savoring the precum. Cynthia began kissing my face and whispering to me. "I knew you'd be such a good cocksucker Michael. I think maybe we'll dress you up and have our own little cock sucking slut. Would you like that Michael? Would you like to belong to us?"

I could only nod my head. Cynthia slowly stroked my cock, running her nails and giggling when she saw it twitch. She got on her hands and knees. "I need someone to fuck me. Lou, get behind me." She positioned herself so her pussy was right over my face. Lou kneeled behind her. "Michael, put him in me." I grabbed Lou's cock, took another lick, and then placed it at her lips. She pushed back slightly and I watched in amazement as the thick head separated her. A stream of fluids immediately squirted on to my face. I nuzzled my lips against her clit as Lou pushed all the way in.

"Oh God, fuck me Lou. Keep sucking my clit." I sucked and licked and loved watching his massive cock penetrate her cunt. I reached up and held his balls in my hand as he continued to slam into her. "You are such a great fuck...God I love your cock."  

I was in heaven, watching this beautiful woman being taken to the heights of pleasure. Lou pulled out and I took his cock back in my mouth, loving the flavor of them together. After a few quick sucks, I positioned him again at her entrance. Cynthia's clit was so engorged, it looked like a little cock sticking out. I attached my mouth to it again. 

"Oh God, I'm cumming," she screamed, "Cum with me Lou." Lou increased his pace and then buried himself deep inside her. 

"Here it cums baby." His balled tensed and they both screamed in pleasure as he filled her. I watched in awe, never having the opportunity to see two people so close in such ecstasy. Lou pulled out and I automatically went for his cock, cleaning it of their shared juices. I kept it in my mouth as it started to soften, loving the softness and softly sucking on the excess skin.

Lou pulled away and Cynthia planted herself on my face. "Clean your Mommy baby, clean Mommy's pussy. As I licked, I felt her stomach contract and soon felt a large wad of cum drizzling down into my mouth. I moaned and licked faster, trying to get everything from her that I could. She collapsed on top of me and just laid there, recovering from her orgasm. I continued to softly lick, until she finally rolled off me. She turned and kissed me, tasting herself on my lips and face.

"You were wonderful, baby. Thank you."

They laid down and snuggled me between them. My cock was still hard and I still hadn't cum, but I felt complete, knowing that I had pleased these two wonderful people.

Cynthia softly nipped at my ear, "Lou wants to fuck you baby. Are you ready to take Lou's big cock?" I nodded. "We'll have to prepare you and then I want to get under you and watch his cock split your little ass."

"Will it hurt, Mommy?" I asked in my best little boy voice. 

"Yes baby, it will hurt, but then it will feel so good, I promise. You will cum without even touching your pretty little cock."