 I had dreamt of this night for a long time. It had taken me two years to get up the courage to try this, to fulfill this desire that I had fantasized about almost daily.

I had reserved a suite at the luxurious Chaton Noir. Soft white carpet caressed my feet as I dressed. My guests would be arriving shortly.

A black lace bustier edged in pink ribbon held my creamy size 38F breasts tightly and I slid a matching hipster over my shapely ass. I checked my reflection in the mirror, loving the way my undergarments accentuated my curves. I am not tiny, but I am proud of the curves that outline my silhouette.

I picked up my light blue jeans and slid them on, a little casual modesty for answering the door. A white ruffled blouse offered a nice preview of the black bra underneath. A pair of black calf high boots with stiletto heels and laces up the back completed the outfit.

At five foot one, I had always been considered cute, and the pink lipstick that I applied over my gently pouting lips threw in just enough sexiness for tonight. My long naturally strawberry blonde hair curled gently and I swept my bangs to the right to show of my light blue eyes.

The doorbell rang and I breathed deeply to calm myself before I headed to the door.

Opening the door slowly, I was met by the smiling faces of Mark and Sam, two of my good friends. I grinned and opened the door to let them in.

"You're the first ones here," I said, suddenly shy.

"Don't worry," Sam said, bending down to brush his lips lightly across mine, his long sandy blonde hair brushing my cheek and sending ripples down my body. "We'll keep you company."

Mark's grin spread as he slid an arm around my waist, admiring me with those gorgeous green eyes.

"You smell lovely," Mark said, dipping his head down to kiss my neck, his short red hair brushing my cheek. Mark may look boyish, but could charm any woman. He knew he didn't need to charm me, but he did anyway.

A knock on the door told me we had more guests, so I pulled slowly from their arms to answer the door. There would be time for more kissing very soon.

Kyle and Eric stood at the door, nervous smiles on both of their faces. We had met them some time back at a party and had kept in touch by email, but this would be the first time I had seen either of them nude.

Kyle was muscular and black, almost six feet tall. He kept his hair in dreads, which were pulled back into a loose ponytail. His dark eyes had mesmerized me the first time we met.

Eric was nearly the opposite of Kyle, slender and pale skinned, and wouldn't have attracted me except for his great personality. His dark brown hair was cropped above his ears and his boyish smile and dark, feminine eyes exuded innocence, but I knew Eric was not as innocent as he looked. He was the youngest tonight, but at twenty one, he was only two years younger than I.

I motioned them in and saw the last two guests coming down the hall. I waved and held the door open for them.

Raj moved with a soft grace, his toned brown skin looking great and his shoulder length black hair was pulled back, with a few strands escaping to frame his face. His Indian heritage was obvious in the best ways.

Raj's partner, Rick, was tan and toned and kept his hair shaven to his scalp. He worked in security and looked intimidating, but I knew what a sweetheart he was.

Raj and Rick were bisexual and although I knew they kept a mostly monogamous relationship, had readily agreed to assist me with my experiment at Chaton Noir. Raj's arm encircled Rick's waist and they shared a quick kiss before meeting me at the door.

"Thanks for coming," I said to the two of them, and they shared a wicked grin before replying.

"Thank us after, babe," Rick said, leaning away from his lover to kiss my cheek. I blushed and ushered them in, closing the door behind me.

We all knew each other in a vague sense, but never had this much tension arisen between us. Rick and Raj had worked with me at my last job, before I became a nurse and Rick went into security. Eric and Kyle I had met at Raj's Christmas party last year, and we enjoyed sending the occasional naughty email around. Sam and Mark had been my friends since high school. They had known me before I grew up, when I was so studious I would never have even heard of the word orgy. Now, they were helping this fantasy happen.

I turned and looked around the living room, the men scattered around on various chairs. The Chaton Noir was definitely not lacking in seating. We had gone over the basics of what I wanted, but the men seemed to be waiting for a cue from me.

I looked down, unsure of how to proceed, and got an idea. I unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans and slid my fingers underneath the cloth until I could feel the small hairs that formed a strip, like a thin arrow pointing downward.

I let my finger slide a little lower, past where the hairs stopped. I was already a little wet, but for what I had planned, I was going to need to be a lot wetter.

I looked into each of their eyes in turn, admiring them all in different ways as I felt my wetness. The men watched, alert, as I rubbed my fingers gently over my clit, then slid my middle finger between the lips of my pussy.

First Eric and then the rest of the men unzipped their pants and began stroking their cocks and I got wetter seeing all of those cocks in front of me.

I pulled my hand out of my panties and put my finger in my mouth. I liked to taste myself sometimes when I fingered myself. The tang of my juices excited me almost as much as the sight of my friends.

I pressed my arm on Rick's broad shoulder to support myself as I slid my thumbs under my waistband and pulled the jeans off, slowly bending over to pull the legs over my boots. I watched out of the corner of my eye and saw them getting harder watching me. 

Straightening, I fingered the edge of my blouse before pulling it slowly over my head and off. I cupped my breasts over my bra and squeezed them a little roughly before sliding my hand back down my panties.

I slipped my middle finger inside my wet pussy and felt my warm flesh tighten around me; I used my index finger and began rubbing my clit. Mark stood and brought me a chair, which earned him a long kiss as I pumped my finger in and out of my pussy.

I slid down in the chair and pulled my hand out of my underwear long enough to slide my panties over my boots and off. Spreading my legs, I parted the lips of my pussy and slid two fingers inside. I used my other hand to hold the lips of my pussy open so that they could see me.

I fucked myself harder with the two fingers, fully wet now. Eric pushed his chair back and pulled off his pants and the others quickly followed suit.

My fingers pumped inside my pussy and I slid a finger into my ass, until my knuckle brushed against my skin. I turned around in the chair so my ass was facing them, working my fingers inside of my ass and pussy simultaneously.

This was already one of the most enjoyable evenings of my life and we were just getting started.

I turned my head to look over my shoulder and saw the men lying in a row, six erect cocks being rubbed as the men watched me pleasure myself. Twelve eyes devoured the sight of my fingers deep in my pussy. Suddenly, I needed to feel a cock.

I stood from where I was bent over the chair, bare except for my boots and my bra, massaging my pussy. I pulled my hand away from my pleasure and grinned slyly as I sat back on the chair. I spread my legs wide and bent to unlace my boots. Yes, they looked great, but I wanted to be comfortable.

I pulled the boots off and reached to unhook my bra. I could hear Eric suck in his breath as I unclasped the bra and slowly exposed my breasts. Cool air brushed over my already firm nipples. Finally naked, I looked over the men with a smile. This was going to be fun.

Mark lay on the right end of the line, his hard cock peeking from beneath curly red hairs. I walked slowly towards him, swaying my hips as I walked, knowing that all eyes were on me.

I crouched by his feet and crawled slowly up his legs until my mouth was even with his manhood. First, I ran my hand along the length of him and pressed my lips to the tip of his cock in what was practically a chaste kiss.

Then I took his balls into my mouth, running the cool mass around my mouth. I could feel my hunger growing. I sucked on one side of his balls, pulling with my mouth as I watched Mark groan, then I licked up his entire shaft and took his whole cock into my throat.

His hard cock felt good as my tongue explored him; I pumped my head up and down on him. He let out a moan, grasping my hair and pressing me harder onto him. I could feel his swollen member in the back of my throat, his hairs tickling my nose. His cock still deep in my throat, I rubbed my tongue along the bottom of his shaft while I looked into his emerald eyes.

I looked to the left and saw five eager dicks waiting for me. I wanted more. I gave one last hard suck to Mark's cock and pulled off of it, crawling sideways until I straddled Raj.

I bent my head down and immediately began sucking on his cock, my head bobbing and faster and faster as I took him deep into my mouth. I took him fully into my mouth, my nose tickled by the black hairs that graced him, and I saw Mark move behind me.

I sucked hard, keeping Raj's cock deep in my throat and I felt Mark's tongue tickle the lips of my pussy. I pulled his cock slowly from my lips. Mark slid a finger in as my tongue rubbed Raj's shaft. I licked around the head of his cock and felt Mark's tongue leave my pussy. As I took Raj's cock deep in my throat again, Mark slid his cock inside me.

The feeling was amazing, sucking on a gorgeous brown cock while being penetrated from behind. Mark held onto my thighs to give himself leverage to push deeper.

My breasts bounced heavily with each thrust and his hands snaked around to caress my clit. I took Raj's balls into my mouth, enjoying the view of his sculpted cock as Mark pumped his cock in and out of my pussy. I groaned, taking his cock into my mouth again, pressing my face against him until I felt his balls against my chin. Then I pulled off of him and felt Mark withdraw so that I could slide to the left again, where Eric's cock was waiting.

Eric's cock was thin, but was amazingly long and every inch of him was hard. I licked his shaft, starting just above his balls until I reached the head and took just the tip of him into my mouth. Eric whimpered, turning me on even more.

I felt Raj move behind me and felt his rod part my pussy as he entered me. I pressed my mouth down the rest of the way and felt Eric's cock against the back of my mouth. Holding it there, I ran my tongue along it and squeezed his balls lightly in my hand. 

Raj pressed my head down, holding me against Eric's throbbing cock as he fucked me harder. I cried out in pleasure and pumped my head against Eric's cock. Raj's rough penetration contrasted with Eric's whimpers, and the combination drove me even wilder.

I moved on to Rick. I was surprised and pleased to find his cock as bald as his head. Raj slid out of my pussy and Eric rubbed his cock along the outside, teasing me as I placed my mouth over Rick's manhood. I saw Raj rubbing himself beside us and realized he really was enjoying watching me suck his lover.

I moved my head slowly, sucking hard as I pulled on his cock with my mouth, then slowly pumped my head in Rick's lap. Besides being totally shaven, Rick had a thick cock, and I took my time running my tongue around it. Eric entered me finally and I flicked my tongue over the tip of Rick's cock, rubbing the tip with my tongue before taking him again into my mouth. He whimpered and I saw Raj move closer so that Rick could suck on his cock at the same time.

I watched him as he sucked on Raj, knowing how good Raj's cock had felt in my mouth and I moaned as Eric thrusted into me, Rick's cock deep in my throat. I pulled away from Rick and felt Eric recede from inside of me.

Kyle and Sam lay to my left, and I moved over Kyle, his black cock huge before me. I grinned appreciatively at him before taking the tip of him into my mouth. Rick moved behind me and began pumping into my pussy. I could hear Raj's heavy breathing and knew Rick was still sucking on him as I licked Kyle's shaft.

I tried to take Kyle's whole cock into my mouth and at first I had trouble with it, but he placed his hand behind my head and started with small thrusts until I could finally fit all of him. He filled my mouth and pressed my head down again and again as Rick thrusted again and again into my pussy. Rick's smooth cock massaged my pussy while he sucked his lover off. I pulled off of Kyle and moved on to Sam.

Sam's slightly sun burnt skin was surprisingly pale under his clothes and light hairs curled above his cock. My mouth closed around him and Kyle quickly took his place behind me, pumping me with such vigor I doubted I'd be able to stand afterwards.

My tongue explored Sam's cock and then his balls and I rubbed my hand along his shaft as I sucked on his balls. Then I mirrored Kyle's strong thrusts with my head, bringing Sam close to climax. I decided to shift position.

I moved to stand and felt Kyle pull out of me, feeling empty as he removed his huge cock. I turned around and kneeled over Sam as he lay on the ground. Reaching behind and beneath me, I caressed him before guiding him inside my pussy.

It took a minute to find my balance as I hovered high enough that Sam could thrust easily into me. Mark stood on one side and Raj on the other. Rick pulled reluctantly away from Raj's cock so that I could suck on him. I took Raj's cock first into my hand as I slid my mouth over Mark's. I was suddenly surrounded by five cocks as Sam continued to thrust upwards into me.

I took them each into my mouth, sucking them in succession until I began to lose track of whose cock was whose. I got lost in the feeling of being surrounded and penetrated by so many men.

Kyle reached down, his powerful biceps glistening under the sweat that was forming all over his body. He pulled me up, off of Sam, and turned me around so that my back was pressed against him. He held me tightly against his muscled body and lowered us to the ground. Lying on the plush carpet, he pulled me down with him, until I hovered just over his engorged cock.

He guided me backwards, holding me tightly with one arm as he held himself with the other, aiming his dick so that he could penetrate my ass. I felt him huge inside of me, filling out my ass even more than my vibrator does. I slid down until he was pressed all of the way inside me, then leaned back, spreading my legs apart.

Rick was closest to me. He ran his fingers over my wet slit before stepping between my legs. He lifted up my legs until they rested against his shoulders and slid himself into me. I felt so full and Rick bent forward to slide his tongue into my mouth as his hard cock slid in and out of my pussy. He pumped my pussy hard while Kyle kept my ass plugged, his hands steadying my hips over him.

As Rick thrust again and again into me, practically slamming himself into me, I looked at his toned body fucking me hard. I shuddered as the first waves of orgasm hit me. Rick grasped me by my shoulders to get a better grip and I watched his face as I felt the hot semen pulsing into my pussy. His cock now softer, he pulled out, tired. I opened my mouth and he straddled my face so I could suck our juices off of him. I could taste my own flavor, underneath his. His taste was strong, dark and mysterious.

I felt Sam slide into me while I savored Rick's taste. He started off slowly, slipping and sliding in my damp pussy. Then his breath came quicker, his thrusts became harder. Rick stepped away, sucked dry. Sam bent down as he fucked me to suck on my nipples, his blonde hair caressing my chest. His teeth grazed me almost to the point of pain, but he pulled his head back and squeezed my breasts in his hands as we fucked. Kyle worked his hands along my body, squeezing my ass. I could feel their hands exploring my body and it made the sensations even more intense.

Sam cried out as he came, spilling his come inside of me to mingle with Rick's. When he could not get any more out, he pulled out and stepped closer to me so that I could suck on him. His come had a more subtle taste than Rick's and I could taste myself and Rick on him as well.

Raj stepped closer and slid inside quickly, watching me suck the last drops of come off of Sam's pale cock. Raj's brown cock filled me again and he grabbed my thighs, pressing himself deeply against and inside of me. His dark exotic features were gorgeous and he fucked me intensely. He came after a few minutes, warm inside of me, and then brought his dick up to my mouth so I could taste him. He tasted as exotic as he looked, cinnamon and other spices mixed with sheer masculinity.

Eric's thin frame slid next between my legs and he slid first a finger into my pussy, amazed at how wet I was with all of that come inside of me. Then his long cock thrusted into me with a force I didn't think he had in him. I looked into those gorgeous eyes, his long lashes and delicate features such a contrast from the masculinity that infused this room. He fucked me hard, grasping at me to get closer until he too released himself into my waiting pussy.

When I sucked on Eric's cock, I tasted a mixture of all of the come from the men so far. Eric's was tangy, but sweet. I was still licking the juices off of his cock when Mark slid into me.

Mark was energetic, his face as red as his hair as he pumped himself inside of me. His usual wicked grin was replaced my something more feral, and I felt myself rising with him until we both came, together. Mark pulled out and off of me and I crawled towards him, Kyle's hard rod still deep in my ass. I licked the juices off of Mark, his emerald eyes wide in amazement as his taste filled my mouth.

Kyle pulled out of my ass, leaving my gaping hole feeling empty. I was on my hands and knees; Mark's cock was licked totally clean. It was just me and Kyle. He shoved his cock roughly into my pussy.

"You are full of come," he panted, between thrusts, "but I'm going to fill you till you overflow."

He pressed my face down into the carpet and ravaged me. His strong arms held me where he wanted me. He took my hands and placed them behind my back, holding me captive with my face in the carpet, and fucked me hard.

I cried out, amazed that I had another orgasm in me, and gave in to my release. Kyle kept me held down through my orgasm until he finally let himself join me. His hot come filled my pussy and I felt it dribble down my leg as he pulled out. I reached down to feel my pussy overloaded and overflowing with come from six different guys, as Kyle pulled me close so I could suck the last droplets of our night off of his massive cock.

As I swallowed the come, I realized that I had just had the best sex of my life.

"We have to do this again," I breathed, not sure if I'd be able to stand yet.

Mark reached down and helped me to my feet, holding me against his nude body to support me until I was sure I could walk.

"Just say when," Rick said, his head resting in Raj's lap.

I grinned wickedly. "What are you guys doing tomorrow?"

"You, I guess," was Mark's reply as Sam pulled me into his arms for a kiss.