 At the time of this story, Nicole and I had been friends for a little over a year. We met when our daughters were placed in the same preschool class. I immediately liked her outgoing, tell it like it is personality, and as I got to know her better I found she has the same "naughty" sense of humor I have. My marriage was a mess, so this friendship is a much-needed escape. I enjoyed spending an evening having a few drinks at her house while our kids played. It didn't hurt that her husband, Jared, could pass as a GQ model; 6'1, athletic build, dark hair with the most mesmerizing eyes I'd ever gazed into. Nicole is pretty, but not the model-type; 5'6", not fat, but not toned, maybe 150 pounds with dirty blonde hair and a nice pair of C-cup breasts. 

In comparison, I'm 5'4, around 125 pounds, a natural redhead (though you cannot verify as I'm clean shaven), green eyes, and very large DDD-cup breasts with the biggest nipples you've ever seen. My breasts are large enough that they are often the topic of jokes and conversation in my circles. It's just hard not to notice them, or that my nipples are always hard. 

Nicole and I often talked about sex. She knows that my husband hasn't been able to get it up for some time. I even confided in her my husband's desire for me to sleep with other men; stories I should share at another time. We have also talked about our shared curiosity of lesbian sex, as well as her husband's desire to watch, but her insistence that he could never join in. 

This brings us to a Saturday night. Our girls had crashed after playing all day at a local carnival. Because my husband and I had been fighting so much, I was in no hurry to go home, and as I drank more it became apparent I would be spending the night on their couch. 

Around midnight, Nicole and I had enjoyed a few too many drinks, the lights were dimmed and the three of us were lying in the living room floor listening to music and talking. As tends to happen, the topic of conversation turned to breasts. We were talking about the difference in sizes and decided to compare. At first, we placed our hands over the other's shirt, but that was difficult to judge, so we both removed our shirts. Nicole was wearing a blue satin push-up bra that pulled her breasts up nicely. I was wearing a black, lacy demi-bra that barely contained my monsters. 

Something about seeing Nicole's bra pushed me over the edge. I reached out my left hand to cup her right breast, and immediately brought my other hand to her other breast. I pushed them together and brought my face to her cleavage. Nicole was on her side, but had relaxed back into Jared who was lying behind her. My lips began to kiss the parts of her breast that were showing. Jared must have seen me struggling for more because soon he had released her bra, and I was pulling it off. I grabbed her breasts, and my mouth hungrily sucked on first one nipple and then the other. I kissed up to her neck, then looking into her eyes, I brought my lips to hers. Our tongues battled for access to the other. Our breasts were rubbing against each other, and our hips were getting closer to each other. 

Soon I felt Jared's hands on Nicole's breasts. As he thumbed her nipples, I felt his hands brush against mine. Then he moved one hand to my breast while keeping the other on Nicole. As Nicole realized he was touching me, she took his hand and told him, "no, no touching her". I could feel his disappointment, but he put his hand back on his wife. 

Then I felt it; my still-clothed pussy rubbing against hers. We began to grind our pussies into each other. I pulled away from Nicole and moved my hand to the waistband of her yoga pants. As I kissed her again, I slid my hand down the front of her pants, feeling her wet pussy lips for the first time. I curled my finger and slid it inside her as much as I could with her pants still on. I wanted more. I pulled my lips from Nicole's mouth, looked at Jared and said, "take them off her." 

As Jared slid her pants down, I slid down her body. Nicole spread her legs for me, and for the first time, I stared at the pussy of another woman. My fingers parted her lips, and I slowly ran my tongue all the way up her pussy to her clit. I could feel Nicole breathing heavily as I began to suck on her clit. My fingers were still dancing around her pussy lips, and then I slid a finger inside of her. Nicole gasped, and I looked up to find Jared sucking on her nipples while watching me. 

I brought my mouth back to her clit, and slid a second finger into her pussy. Soon I began thrusting my fingers inside her roughly. Before she could cum, I pulled away from her pussy, and slid my pants and panties off my body. Then, I released my monsters from their confines, showing my naked body to both Nicole and Jared. I turned my body so that I was on my side in a 69 position with Nicole. I brought my mouth back to her pussy and began to lick. I felt Nicole tentatively bring her fingers to my pussy, which was already dripping with my juices. I spread my thighs apart, giving her access to all of me. As I felt her getting closer to orgasm, I felt her tongue on my pussy lips. I could feel how unsure she was of what she was doing, so I rolled on top of her, pressing my naked pussy against her mouth.

As I ground my pussy into her mouth, her tongue began to snake its way around me. She spread my pussy lips with her fingers and slid her tongue up and down my pussy. By this time, I had three fingers inside her pussy and I was relentlessly sucking on her clit. I could feel her orgasm coming as she began to lick my pussy faster. After she came, and her pussy could no longer handle my licking, I sat up over her face, continuing to grind against her mouth. 

Jared took that opportunity to pull his pants off, showing me his very hard cock for the first time. Taking advantage of the fact that Nicole couldn't see because of my pussy and ass being in her face, I reached out and pulled his dick to my lips, quickly taking his cock deep into my throat in one move. Knowing we would be found out, Jared quickly removed his dick from my lips and lined it up with his wife's pussy. As he penetrated his wife's pussy, he leaned forward and roughly took my nipple in his lips, biting it roughly. This sent me over the edge, and I began to squirt my cum all over Nicole's face. Seeing my orgasm sent an already over-stimulated Jared over the edge and he cried out as he filled his wife's pussy with his cum. 

The three of us collapsed onto the living room floor, each breathing heavily in the awkward silence. Soon, Nicole got up and pulled Jared off to their bedroom. She returned with a blanket and pillow for me to use on the couch and told me good night. After cleaning up a bit in the bathroom, I settled down in with my blanket on the floor of the living room, finding that their couch wasn't comfortable for sleeping. 

Sometime in the night, I awoke to Jared sucking on my breast, my t-shirt pushed up to my neck. He told me to be quiet so we didn't wake Nicole. I reached down and pushed his shorts down as far as I could, freeing his hard cock. I began stroking his cock, and pulling him to my wet pussy. I spread my legs, and felt his hardness begin to stretch my pussy as he slowly slid in. We kissed a few minutes as he fucked me, my legs wrapped around his waist. And then, he pulled out, grabbed my hips and flipped me onto all fours. From where I was in the floor, I could watch Nicole sleeping in their bed. As she slept, her husband's cock was quickly bringing me to orgasm as he slammed into me from behind. As my body began to shake, I silenced my cries in the pillow. And then I felt Jared tense and then release his cum deep in my pussy, all while we watched his sleeping wife, my friend. 

Neither Jared nor I have ever told Nicole about what happened after she fell asleep that night. After a short period of awkwardness, Nicole and I continued our friendship, but it wasn't until about a year later that we had another sexual encounter. That story, however, is going to have to wait for another time.