 I'm not sure what really happened anymore. I go over it in my mind until I'm dizzy and anxious. I haven't been eating well. I barely sleep. I'm horny all the time. Every day I think about what happened from the moment I wake up until I finally let myself fall asleep. It follows me into my dreams, haunting me with the words Brady said as he fucked me.

"You're mine!" He snarled but he knew that I wasn't his. He knew I had a boyfriend. Brady was my boyfriend, Jason's best friend. We'd all grown up in the same small town. I'd known Brady my whole life and in all that time I would never have suspected the kind of guy he truly was. "You want this, don't you? I notice things. I see your eyes on me wanting to fuck me. You nasty, little girl!"

"No! No!" I screamed but deep down I knew that he was right. I knew that there was a part of me that wanted it. I had wanted it for a long time but I had always pushed those feelings of want away and held myself back from my true desires. Brady had his cock in me and it felt so much better than I ever imagined it would. My long, blonde hair covered my face and I hoped that he couldn't see the mixture of self-hatred and ecstasy that I knew I couldn't hide. I didn't want him to know just how much I needed his cock and how long I had really wanted it.

"Stop pretending, Sara! I see you. I know you've been wanting this dick. Isn't that right?" We were fucking right out in the open, although there weren't any people for as far as the eye could see. We knew there was a chance a car could drive up and we'd have to scramble to cover ourselves but we were taking our chances. My pussy was so fucking wet between the thought that someone could be watching us and the fact that I was cheating on Jason with his best friend.

Brady pulled out a set of handcuffs and before I knew it he had me handcuffed and though I could still move I liked the idea of being restrained. My boyfriend never did crazy things like Brady did. He was a tad boring and that was probably why I had sought out Brady's dick in the first place. I screamed as my body hit a crescendo, shuddering slowly and then quickly as I gasped for breath. "See, it makes you cum when I call you out on how much you crave me, you slut."

"I'm not a slut! Wait! How am I supposed to get dressed if a car rolls up?" I gestured to the handcuffs.

"You're not going to be able to. They will get to see your ass and pussy on full display but I know you like that. You like being rape meat, don't you Sara? You're a cheating slut. Say it." He grabbed me by the back of the neck and squeezed.

"I'm a cheating slut," I said bashfully. I felt so awkward but that didn't last long. He pushed my head down toward my feet and I felt the pull of the cuff on my wrist. I couldn't help but cum again. I couldn't believe that I was doing this. I was cheating on my boyfriend with Brady. It felt so deliciously wrong. How had this happened? I traced back to the first time I had seen his cock. I remembered the way I had yearned for it once I saw how thick and long it was.

I had seen his cock on a handful of occasions before he finally stuck it inside of me where it belongs. He had successfully flashed his cock to me in a series of "accidental" dick pics and after a while he noticed me staring at his crotch longingly. He started pulling his cock out when we met in the hallway at my boyfriend's house. He was coming back from the bathroom and I was headed there. I knew I shouldn't have touched his dick but it was like I couldn't stop myself. My hand reached up and touched it, tentatively at first but once I saw Brady wanted it I began to stroke it for him. It felt nice in my hand as I looked up into Brady's eyes with joy.

"You like that cock don't you?" he had asked me.

"Yes," I hissed, hoping he understood just how much I enjoyed what I was doing.

"This is wrong, Sara. You know that, right? You could lose your man over this and I could lose my best friend."

"I know." I dropped to my knees. I sucked his cock, giving his dick the kind of attention a girlfriend only does at the beginning of the relationship. I felt passion and excitement. I couldn't wait to taste his cum. I worked my hand and my mouth over his cock until I could feel his body tensing up.

"Sara! Sara, fuck! Oh my God! You are amazing! I can't believe you haven't shared this mouth with me sooner." 

"Mmmmmm! Mmmmmm!" I screamed, my mouth still working his cock. I had forgotten my boyfriend was in the other room and I shuddered at how stupid I had been. We were so lucky we hadn't been caught then and there.

My memory faded into the background and I realized where I was. I could feel the breeze as it whipped my hair in every direction. I could feel Brady incessantly thrusting his cock into me until he hit my deepest depths. I could feel the tug of the handcuffs on my wrists and the pull of my feelings for Brady on my delicate heart. I felt the orgasm unraveling me from the inside out. I could feel the molecules of my body buzzing in their energy chains that wrapped tightly around me and squeezed every last scream out of me. I wasn't even touching my pussy. I was cumming just because it was Brady. I had wanted him for so long and I had finally gotten him.

"You fucking slut, naked out here in the open. What if your Jason drove by and saw me bending you over like this? What if he saw what a little slut you are?"

"He would kill us both!" I moaned. I was close to cumming again at the thought of being a cheating slut with Brady behind Jason's back.

"Are you sure he'd kill us both?"

"Yes! He would!" I was cumming again and I felt the weakness in my legs as they buckled beneath me. Brady pounded me until my orgasm subsided and then he paused and pulled his cock from my pussy.

"Did you cum?" I asked him. I hadn't felt anything and I was confused about why he was stopping.

"No, but I do have a little surprise for you. Hold on. It's in the minivan." He walked over to the car and left me naked, handcuffed, and unable to follow him.

I waited for him, staring out at the endless landscape. We were in the middle of nowhere and I felt safe but I also felt that sense of risk that got me off so well. I thought about what Jason would think if he found me fucking Brady. It turned me on so much to think about him finding out what a slut I really was. In my fantasies, he liked it. In real life, I wasn't so sure he would. I felt hands on me.

"You're back!" I giggled. He said nothing but I could feel his cock slip into my pussy. It didn't feel the same as before and so I turned my neck so I could see him out of the corner of my eye. I thought I was hallucinating for a moment. I thought I saw Jason behind me fucking me but surely I was losing my mind. Jason hadn't come with us. Brady and I had been alone.

"Brady?" I asked, confused.

"Nope. Guess again, slut."

"Wait!" I turned as fully as the handcuffs would allow and I saw that it was in fact, Jason who was fucking me. "Where did you come from? I'm so, so sorry, Jason! It's not what it looks like! Okay, it's what it looks like but I didn't mean to hurt you-"

"I've seen enough!" he screamed at me. "Now I know exactly what a lying, cheating slut you are. Brady warned me about you but I wouldn't listen. I told him to go ahead and try to fuck you. I was certain that you would turn him down but you didn't do that, did you?"

"No! I'm so sorry! I was so horny! I just wanted to cum more often!"

"So you're saying my cock isn't enough for you?"

"I...I..." I didn't know what to say.

"Answer the fucking question, you slut!" He grabbed me by the hair and pulled it back as his cock pushed deeper inside of me. "I think it's time for you to give me the anal sex that I've been asking for, don't you? Since you're a cheating slut and all!"

"No!"

"Yes!"

"I think you should take Jason's cock in your ass and take mine down your throat. Nothing like an anal spitroast for an outdoor slut like you," Brady chimed in. He slipped his cock down my throat and I could feel the searing pain of Jason's cock in my tight ass. I rarely did anal and so it really ripped me open. Jason wasn't gentle. He continued to pull my hair as he fucked my ass while Brady did his best to fuck the shit out of my throat. I was getting my wish to fuck the two men I loved most in my life and yet it felt so humiliating and empty. I felt like a piece of meat and I worried for my safety. I sensed they were both mad at me and maybe even a little bit disgusted. Maybe I was a cheating slut. Maybe I did deserve what they were doing to me. That thought made me cum and I could feel Jason's cock spewing cum up inside of me. Brady was holding my head in place and fucking the shit out of my face. My screams were muffled by his dick.

"You stupid slut! Take Brady's cum down your throat. You deserve to be treated like a stupid, little whore. You deserve this!" Jason laughed and then he slapped my ass a few times. "Squeeze my cum out of your ass. I want to see it."

I tried my best to squeeze the cum out of my ass and I could tell it was working when he began to clap for me as if I were putting on a show for him. Brady was pummeling my face, using me to get off.

"Cum down her slut throat," Jason told Brady.

"Yeah, man. This slut is about to get my cum! Take it, you little whore! Take my cum!" I could taste his jizz in my mouth as he filled it up.

"Damn, I just nutted in your mouth!" Brady laughed. "That was crazy! You swallowed it. That's a good sign."

"A good sign of what?"

"That you're fucking perverted. I like my women a bit nastier than other guys."

"Nasty how?" I had asked.

"I like sluts."

"You do?" I wasn't really a slut and I didn't want to tell him that and have him stop liking me.

"You fucking slut!" Jason yelled at me with disgust.

"Jason, I'm so sorry!" I started to apologize.

"Baby, no need. I set you up and you did exactly as I predicted you would. You made me proud today by sharing that pussy and mouth with Brady. You really should share your asshole with him too."

"Wait. You're not mad?"

"No, Sara. I'm proud of you. You passed every one of my tests. You are a real slut and that means you are my dream woman." 

"Can someone take off these handcuffs?" I begged them. My wrists were starting to hurt.

"Not yet. I'm not done. I want to see Brady fuck your ass."

"I don't understand. You mean you want me to fuck Brady?"

"Are you stupid or something? Yeah, I want you to fuck him. I want to watch you get used by my best friend. Is that too perverted for you?" Jason glared at me.

"No. I've just never seen this side of you, Jason. Or you, Brady."

"Well, it's about time you saw the real me."

"And the real me," Brady added.

"Well, what are you waiting for. My holes are open for you and I'm handcuffed."

"Beg for our cocks," Jason prompted.

"Please! Give me your dicks!"

"That's not believable. Make me believe it."

"Please! I'm so horny! I need to get fucked in every hole by both of your perfect dicks. Please! I'm a slut and I'm horny!" I cried. I tried my best to look desperate as Brady took his position behind me and slid his cock into my ass. Jason smacked me across the face with his cock a few times before sliding his dick into my mouth. It tasted like my ass.

"You like this, slut?"

I nodded.

"That's a good slut. That's a good, little, cheating slut. I'm so proud of you." They pounded me from both ends and I felt so good about myself and so useful. I had almost forgotten we were still out in the open where anyone could drive by. When I realized that again I began to cum and it was like I couldn't stop. One orgasm bled into the next until it was just a cesspool of orgasms. I grew weaker and weaker until they had cum in all of my holes several times each. They finally uncuffed me and led me, limping, to the minivan.

"I'm glad I found out the truth about you, Sara," Jason told me as he kissed me. "You're even sexier now."

"Really?" I asked, in shock that he felt this way.

"Yes, baby. You're the one for me."

"Oh, Jason!" I kissed him.

"Now kiss Brady too."

"Kiss him?"

"Yes."

"Okay." Brady and I shared a kiss and I could feel Jason's cock getting hard again. He had already cum many times and it shocked me how he was still horny. Me fucking Brady really did something for him. I was happy. Now I was going to get to fuck my boyfriend and his best friend whenever I wanted. I felt like the luckiest slut in the world.