 My day was winding down from work when Denise screamed out at me, "Hey, Pete, where you going? Aren't you coming out with us to say goodbye to Jenny?"

I had completely forgot that the cute, shy receptionist was leaving and that some of the folks were going out to wish her off. After a long day dealing with pain-in-the-ass customers and fellow employees, I was not sure if I had it in me. Although Jenny was cute she never really seemed to be too interested in spending time with the gang and pretty much spent time to herself. Having been out with most of the folks enough times already I knew how things usually ended up: a couple people getting shitfaced and laughed about for the following weeks, Denise and her loud, trucker mouth getting somebody riled up at the bar, and me picking up most of the tab. Nah, it didn't seem worth it tonite.

"Pete...Ann said she would be there." Denise teasingly quipped. Denise knew that Ann's smoking bod and flirtatious demeanor could get me out from the doldrums. And even now I was thinking twice. You see, Ann was a recent divorcee with two kids. She was always talking about them and how much time they took out of her life and how it left her SO HORNY! She is in her early thirties, brunette, about 5'4", tanned, and with a body that might leave you in tatters if she used it right. Her legs were tanned and smooth, and her chest was well proportioned - I'd estimate about a 34C. And she knew how to dress to show off her assets. Being in sales, she understood how a nicely slit skirt or an undone button would do wonders for her sales figures - and she always was one of the top reps. 

Still, I was beat and did not look forward to forward to forking our $100-$200 for other people's fun. I kept walking and just waved Denise off and mumbled I would see her next week. As I got into my car and started the engine, Denise appeared at my door and tapped on it.

"Hey, dickhead. I tell you what, I will take care of your drinks tonite if you drive me home. My car went in the shop today and I don't trust the rest of these idiots to get me home safe! What do ya say?"

With an offer like this who could refuse? I grudgingly told her to get in and told her I was tired and might still want to leave early. She agreed that she would leave early, too, if I did not get more enthusiastic and my head out of my ass. Denise always had a way with words. As we headed down to our local dive I couldn't help but notice how she was looking these days. She was not particularly attractive and her mouth tended to leave a bad impression with most people, but she tended to grow on you once you got see past her gruff exterior. She was in her mid-thirties, about 5'8", short, butchy brown hair, was a little thick around the legs and middle (though not fat), and had a rack befitting a queen-size ransom. She had lost a bit of weight in the past six months but none seem to come off her sizable chest - I am guessing she was a good 36 or 38D at least.

Well, we arrived at the bar and I was a bit surprise that less than the usual crowd was there - only about 8 people showed up. Apparently some folks had gone off on a planned weekend and said their goodbyes earlier and this left Denise, Ann, Jenny, myself and couple of people - Brad, a short, comical guy who could never hold his liquor, Tammy, the office bitch who surprised us all by showing up, Bill, the old codger who had been in the office so long that no one knew what to do with him, and Liselle, a gal from accounting who would go out to lunch at times with Jenny.

After about an hour I was starting to fade. Bill, Tammy, and Liselle decided it was time for them to go and I motioned for Denise for us to leave as well. When I did this she turned to the remaining group and said "Let's take this party to my place! Now that the losers are gone I got some good tequila at my house - let's send Jenny off in style." I looked at her with confusion since I wanted to go home but the Brad and Ann got up quickly and said 'Let's go' and Jenny sheepishly smiled and said she was grateful for us all sending her off and all. As Brad got up he nearly fell over from his heavy drinking and he clung to Ann and groped her as he tried to straighten himself up. I thought I heard Ann say something about him having to pay her if he wanted to keep copping feels and he mumbled something about gladly using his ATM card if he need to do that.

We arrived at Denise's house and all piled in. As we drove over I could tell how drunk Brad was and it seemed that Ann and Denise weren't too far behind. Jenny, on the other hand kept to her usual quiet demeanor and said little though she would laugh on occasion. At the house we all sat around the living room laughing and drinking a bit more - even I was now starting to get a bit drunk and, to be quite frank, quite horny with Ann's top showing a bit of cleavage, Denise's big boobies bouncing every time she laughed, and the usually shy Jenny starting to loosen up a bit and laughing and smiling more. That is when things started to turn for the best...

Brad got up to get us another round and he fell FLAT on his face. As we went to help him up, laughing all the way of course, we noticed he was out cold. Seeing this, Denise started to laugh uncontrollably and the rest of us joined in with her. When she calmed down she looked at me and said, "Pete, when is the last time you were with three hot babes and you passed out cold?!?" The girls looked at me and Brad and started laughing.

"Never. Anytime I get a chance to have hot babes around me I ALWAYS stay UP, if you know what I mean?"

Ann looked at me with a wild grin - "Peter...I always loved that name, along with Dick! Are you sure you could really stay UP if you had to be with two or three hot babes?" As she teased me she looked at Jenny who sheepishly turned a bit red and Denise who smiled and winked back at her. "I bet if we played some strip poker or truth or dare you couldn't even finish the game..." With that Denise got up and went to the other room.

I looked at Ann, "You're on! And I bet one of you girls will stop waaayyy before I do." As I said this I peered over at Jenny who looked a bit nervous. Jenny, our little twenty-something receptionist, long black hair, slim, slightly built, with piercing green eyes and a girlish laugh, just sat there trying not to look me in the eyes as I figured she would be the first to back out of anything. I would have bet she was still a virgin based on the way she acted and spoke around everyone. And maybe tonite I would find out. Denise came back with a deck of cards and some paper and pens. She asked what we wanted to do - poker or truth or dare. Ann grabbed the cards and started to deal before anyone could answer.

"Wait a second," I said realizing out was outnumbered, "you all probably have more clothes on and there are more of you. That hardly seems fair. If we do this we need to have some rules."

"Like what?" they said in unison.

I hadn't really thought about it up to this point but was merely trying to buy a bit of time to stop my cock from becoming a raging rocket ready to explode. "Seeing that Jenny looks a bit nervous, how about if you lose you can choose to take a dare from the winner instead of taking off a piece of clothing? Or maybe we could..."

"Come on, let's not start spewing out a bunch a rules. The dare thing sounds fine but otherwise shut up and let's play." spouted Denise in her ever diplomatic tone.

The cards were dealt and we began to play. As you might think the beginning was slow with people losing shoes and clothing no one cares about. But as we worked our way through these clothes I noticed two things: Jenny was nervous but getting ever increasingly interested with each hand and Denise and Ann got more enthusiastic and more vocal. When Ann had to choose between her skirt or top, Denise was all over her, "All right, now we're getting somewhere! Come on Ann, show us some skin!"

Ever the flirt, Ann looked around the room and slowly got up. She reached for the buttons of her top then to the zipper of her skirt... Finally, with a sexy grin she slowly began unbuttoning her top. As she did this I noticed she also had on a camisole and she laughed as she saw my disappointment. "Ha, had you going, huh, Peter?" She was right, I was hoping to see some cleavage but I had to settle for seeing her hard nipples pointing through the thin white fabric and through what must have been a sheer bra.

I was next to decide what I would expose and I decided to take off my pants since my shirt could hang down and cover my quickly hardening member. Ann and Denise cried foul when they did not get a good peek but I said Ann had just done that with her little show. They laughed it off and I noticed that Jenny's interest seemed to be heightening with each turn and even she was starting to get into as she had booed along with the others.

Jenny then lost two in a row and had to lose both her top and her pants. She reluctantly decided to lose her top first and immediately turned red when Denise made a comment about her cute little cotton bra and the tits they were holding.

"Ah, did mom help you pick out that bra?" Denise joked, "I haven't seem one like that since I was 16. I bet you have matching panties! And look at those perky little boobies - I bet the boys just love those."

She was right. Jenny tits were probably a 32A or B but they certainly had this boy going. Her timidness and nervousness match with the erotic scene got my dick fully hard. When she then had to choose between a dare and taking off her pants she struggled with her decision. You see, Denise and won the hand and when Jenny said she was thinking of a dare Denise told her she had been waiting all nite for this opportunity and grinned mightily. Still nervous and unsure, Jenny decided to peel off her black pants. She did not put on a show like Ann did but as they came off the whole room erupted when Denise notice her little white cotton panties. "I TOLD YOU!" she shouted and we all laughed with the exception of Jenny. Noticing her discomfort I told her she looked great and that Denise was old horny bitch who liked to raz everyone. Denise agreed that she was a horny bitch and we all had another drink and played on.

Finally Denise on the next hand and had to bare some skin. With no fanfare or hesitation she opened up her top and revealed an her enormous jugs encased in a silky blue bra. As I tried not to look too interested I heard Ann comment about how Denise's tits put hers to shame and that she didn't want to flash her with Denise next to her. Jenny was also equally amazed and simply said, "Yeah, me too." 

"Come on, you all are gorgeous! And I know I can't wait to see all your tits - so start dealing." I blasted.

Ann lost this time and decided on another sexy striptease, this time with her skirt. She danced around a bit, pulled the zipper on the side up and down several time, then finally zipped it all the way down her hip. Then Ann turned around and slowly slid the skirt over her hips and down her legs, all the while bending over and peering over her shoulder at us. As the skirt slid down her well-toned and tanned legs I couldn't help but notice a grin on Denise's face and glint in her eyes. It got me wondering...then the skirt hit the floor, Ann turned around and kicked at the coffee table and we all toasted to another fine show. As she sat down I could see a hint of the see sheer black panties she wore. I pulled out a $5 bill from my pocket and handed it to Ann for the fine performance and she howled with laughter saying it had been a while since she had been tipped.

The laughter did not last long as Ann lost the next hand and decided to peel off her camisole. Instead of making a show this time she simply peeled it over her head to reveal a matching black bra that clearly showed she was enjoying the game. Her tits looked great through the sheer material and they looked to be a nice 34C or so with quarter sized aureoles and nipples that were poking out about 1/2 and inch. NOW the game was getting good! Of course Denise could not let Ann slide at this point and asked her if it was getting cold to which Ann lustily replied that it was definitely getting HOT. My wiener certainly agreed.

Much to my pleasure, Ann lost again and had a decision to make - would she be the first to bare some skin or should she take a dare. The winner of the hand was Jenny so Ann did not take long to let Jenny give her a dare. As expected, Jenny's dare was fairly tame but nonetheless good for me - she dared Ann to kiss me for one minute. I eagerly waited as Ann sauntered over to me, bent forward and began to kiss me. At first it was slow and cautious but when I slipped my tongue gently into her mouth we both became more active. I pulled her closer and we started to get pretty hot and heavy when Denise yelled "Time".

As we pulled apart I looked over at Jenny who seemed to be almost as breathless as me as she squirmed a little in her seat. Ann made a show of wiping her mouth with her hand and smiled as she sat back down. Denise had a big shit-eating grin on her face and she dealt again quickly saying something about not wanting to wait to see what would happen next. Well, what happened next was that she lost. 

"What the fuck - I've been hot in these all nite," she said as she quickly shed her pants. As they slid down her ample thighs, I noticed some dampness on her yellow panties and was going to make a remark but Ann got one out first.

"Speaking of it getting hot in here. Is that sweat between you legs or are you happy to see me?"

Denise replied, "you're not the only one enjoying this. We know Pete's been pitching a tent for a while and I bet even sweet Jenny is getting a little moist, aren't you?" She gave Jenny a devilish grin, having noticed her breathlessness much as I had earlier. Jenny looked down shyly and then looked back up from her chest when she noticed what I did - even with her cotton bra we could tell her nipples were straining in the fabric as they tried to poke their way through. Jenny gave a sheepish grin and acknowledged she was having fun, too.

I lost next and suddenly realized I was not in good shape. Having already stripped my pants I only had my shirt and underwear. Mustering up some courage I looked at the ladies and jumped up to do a little dance. I figured if I was moving and dancing my dick would not be too noticeable as I stripped off my shirt. As I jumped up the girls all whooped and hollered, even Jenny, as I danced in front of each for a few seconds while taking off my shirt. When it was ready to come off I went back to my seat and turned my back to them, peeled it off my back and threw it over my shoulder to them. As I wheeled around to take my seat I noticed it landed on Jenny's head. She smiled and Ann and Denise both yelled in unison that she could keep it if they got my skivvies. Jenny then surprised us all by saying she would wrestle Ann and Denise for them, too.

This definitely was becoming an evening I was glad I did not go home early. Jenny lost the next hand with Ann winning. Looking over at Ann, Jenny said she would take a dare and asked her to be nice. Ann said she would return the favor and told her to kiss but that she had to sit on my lap first. Jenny moved over quickly and was not sure how to navigate my lap with my noticeable hard-on. I had her straddle me slowly as I grabbed her waist and guided her on top of me. This allowed me to rub my dick in her crotch as we began to kiss. I wasted no time slipping my tongue in and working it around. She surprised me at how well she kissed and she began to moan as she started to gyrate on my member. I moved my hands down to her cute ass and used the leverage to keep her our crotches heatedly joined. Quickly her breathing became labored and she tilted her head back from me. When she did this I put my head between her perky tits and started to explore as Ann yelled "TIME". Jenny did not seem to notice at first and kept riding my cock until Denise yelled as well and woke her from her ecstasy. 

"Oh, my..." Jenny sighed, "I guess I got carried away. That was one of the hottest things I've ever done."

"You mean you've never done anyone yet?" asked Ann.

"Well, yeah. I had a couple of boyfriends and we did it a couple of times but it never turned me on as much as that - and we didn't even do it just now! Maybe with everyone here..." she trailed off as she sat down and tried to catch her breath. After a few seconds composing herself, she turned to Denise and said further, "Aren't you going to deal the cards?"

Not sure if the drinks or the eroticism was getting to Jenny but I think it was working on us all. And I certainly was not complaining. The next hand was lost by Denise and she looked at me with a smile and said, "I know you've been waiting to see someones tits - I'll make mine the first." With this she unclasped the front hook of her bra and released the hounds, I mean mounds. And what great mounds they were! I was not the only one in awe. Ann and Jenny stared as well and Ann asked how big they were. Denise confirmed they were a size 36 but said they were DD - and I certainly believed her. Her aureoles were not that big, maybe quarter size, but they were tipped off with rock hard nipples that seemed to suit her perfectly. Ann commented again on how Denise's tits made her feel inferior and I told her that she and Jenny should not feel bad about what they. I told them they were all beautiful and that I couldn't wait to all six hooters at attention. Quickly I grabbed the cards and dealt again.

This time Jenny lost and Denise won. Denise egged her on to take a dare but Jenny was definitely nervous to let Denise's evil mind take over. She looked at me and then at the girls and said, "I can't believe I'm doing this." She got up turned around slowly and unclasped the back of her bra. She then turned around even slower and ever so gently let the straps fall off her shoulders. Cupping the bra at her boobs, Jenny then released it and let her bra come down and off. She looked so innocent with her head and eyes tilted down watching her boobs become exposed to us and peeking up coyly to see our reactions. When she was done I wanted to rip off her cotton panties and fuck her right there! As she sat down she tossed her bra over her head and said that that was the last time she would wear one like that and she took another drink. Boy this new Jenny was sure fun to watch.

I took another drink as the next hand was dealt and Denise lost as Jenny won. Denise laughed and said she would take a dare since she had yet to take one. Jenny shot back what was for her a wicked smile and said it was payback time. She told Denise to sit on my lap and kiss me for two minutes but that after the first minute I was then to suck her tits. I couldn't wait for those big melons to come to me. 

"If payback is a bitch then I am glad to be one!" Denise bellowed as she moved over to me.

My rock hard tool ached as she lowered herself onto my lap. Even though Denise was larger that than the other two ladies I was more than happy to take on the extra load - and hopefully not spill mine too early! As I mentioned earlier, Denise was not as petite as the Ann or Jenny but she certainly wasn't fat, maybe you would call her 'well rounded'. Her round as firmly fixed on my wood stick she bent forward and whispered to me that I was going to enjoy this. With that, Denise dove into my mouth with fervor and slowly started to rock back and forth on my dick. After a few seconds she seemed to get some rhythm going on my cock. The pressure she provided increased as she started to grind harder into me. She, like, Jenny was wet and was definitely using my tool to increase her own arousal. All too quickly (or maybe not soon enough) Jenny told me to stop kissing and to start licking. With that I leaned into Denise and told her it was now her turn to enjoy to which she said she already was. I licked my way down to her heavy mounds and proceeded to devour them. Denise leaned back and let out a loud moan and then she began to grind into me again. The sensation was definitely have an effect on me and I was worried I was going to blow my wad when Ann said time was up. Reluctantly, Denise and I separated and on weak knees she staggered back to her seat. When she sat down, Denise thanked Jenny and then grabbed the cards to deal again.
