 Cheerleader. You hear the term and your mind conjures up a standard picture that fits nearly one hundred percent of all cheerleaders. (Female variety, that is. Whoever stops to think of male cheerleaders?)

And what is the image that comes to mind? Young, pretty, nubile, fit, athletic, tanned, skimpy outfits, long legs, breasts and hair of your choice of colour.

That's what you think of and basically, that's what you get.

Now take it the other way round. What are the attributes that don't spring to mind? That's harder, isn't in. I can just hear you thinking. Um, virginal, intelligent, um, ah. . . That's right. You don't think a cheerleader would be either smart or virginal. Bigoted, aren't you. I'm quite sure some cheerleaders are still virgins and I know a number of them are quite intelligent. They just prefer not to show that they're actually a lot sharper than you.

Did you know that cheerleaders come in sets? It's rare to find a single cheerleader wandering around. When they're not with the team they tend to congregate in little cliques, with an average size of about four. Don't ask me why. It's got something to do with social interaction and comfortable group sizes. It's just something that happens and if you go to your local school you can actually see it in action.

The reason I'm rabbiting on about this sort of thing is because Charlie noticed it in action at out college. After a practice the girls would all tend to break up into their little groups and go wandering off to the change rooms in little sets. He pointed it out to me, and I noticed something I thought a little odd.

After that I checked out the girl's practices over the next couple of weeks, and the oddity I'd noticed was a constant thing. One of those little cliques would linger after the end of the practice, just lounging around and talking. They'd spend about half an hour chatting, clowning and doing a bit of extra practice, trying out some new routines.

After the half hour break they'd wander off to the change room, which would effectively be empty by that time, letting them have it to themselves.

This little clique, there were four of them, were probably the oldest girls in the team. That's probably one reason they came together. They were also, from what I'd observed, the current creative talent. Michelle was one of them. She appeared to be the natural leader of the group. The others were Robin, Susan and Meili. 

Watching them head into the change room an evil plan sprung to life in my head. Simple to execute and it should have some interesting results. All I needed were three assistants willing to take the chance, and I knew just where to find them.

There was another cheerleader practice that Friday. My friends and I kept a casual eye on it and were ready when it finished. Michelle's little clique gathered for their after practice confab and my little group waited patiently. To fill in time I counted girls entering and leaving the change room. 

The coming and going evened out and by the time Michelle and friends were entering the change rooms they were the only occupants. The boys and I strolled casually over to the change room, giving the girls a bit of private time before we entered.

We finished up timing it quite nicely. The girls were all under the showers, and quite indignant to see us. Robin and Susan promptly did the hand dance to protect their modesty. Meili was smarter. She just whirled around to prevent us with a back view. Michelle, and I could have guessed that this would be her reaction, had no visible reaction at all. If we wanted to look, sobeit. She wasn't going to frantically try to hide herself.

She promptly attacked, as expected.

"What the fuck are you lot doing here? Get out," she snapped.

I held up my hands in a calming gesture. 

"Hey, we're sorry. We didn't mean to intrude. We thought everyone would be gone by now. The showers in the men's change room have stopped for some reason. We figured that with the girls gone we could use your showers without anyone knowing."

Michelle wasn't having a bar of it.

"Bullshit. You knew that we were still in here and you came in deliberately to catch us naked. OK. You've seen us. Now piss off, and I mean piss off now!"

I shook my head in sorrow.

"Michelle, really. You have a low mind and you wrong us. Do you really think we'd just barge in hoping to catch you naked? If we wanted to do that we could just wander through while the crowd is here and we'd see a bunch of naked bodies."

I could see Michelle taking that on board and evaluating it. She promptly jumped to all the wrong conclusions. Pretty close, I'll admit, but still slightly wrong.

"Oh, I get it," she said. "You're hoping you might get lucky with one of us, seeing that we're naked."

"Come on, Michelle. Hoping I might get lucky with one of you didn't even cross my mind," I said, and this time I also deliberately ran my eyes over her.

"Me? You were hoping to get lucky with me? In your dreams, Paul."

I was smiling broadly now. 

"Closer, Michelle. A lot closer. But you don't really think I intend to leave it to luck, do you?"

Now she got it. And didn't seem to like it. She actually left the shower and took a couple of steps towards me, speaking in much quieter voice.

"You mean that you intend to just take us? Willing or not?" she hissed. "What do you think we'll be doing while you try and do that?"

"That," I said, speaking equally quietly, "depends on what you do. If you yield quietly, so will they. If you struggle and scream and panic, so will they. If you suggest that they look at as time for games, they'll play along and be willing. 

Observe," I added, jerking my head towards where the other girls had also left the showers, following Michelle's example. They had also stopped doing the hand dance, apparently no longer caring what we could see. A reasonable attitude, as we could obviously see everything anyway.

Michelle gave me a furious look.

"Do you seriously expect us to calmly let you lot ravish us?" she hissed.

"No. I expect that if you lead the way, the others will enthusiastically enjoy a bit of naughty fun. Why don't you discuss it with them and see if they're willing to play?"

With one last furious look at me Michelle moved closer to the other girls and started talking. As the girls discussed it, I couldn't help wondering. How did you tell your friends that the men who had invaded their change room intended to fuck them and would they all please bend over?

I don't think that things were going quite the way that Michelle had expected, but honestly, the girl's reactions didn't really surprise me. Women like sex just as much as men and this chance for some illicit sex where they could claim they had to was just too good to pass up.

There was a lot of giggling going on, with a number of looks being cast in our direction. Finally Michelle turned back to us.

"What do we have to do?" she asked, with a rather disdainful note in her voice.

"We'll start slowly," I told her. "How about we have Meili turn and lean against the wall? And she's not allowed to look behind her."

Everyone looked at Meili and she blushed. This was make or break time. If she decided she wasn't going to do it the whole scheme was a bust. She hesitated for a moment, looking at us, then did as suggested.

"Now why don't one of you girls pick her partner," I said, indicating the other boys with me. "Just point to him, though. No names."

Robin promptly pointed to Andrew. I nodded to him and he unzipped and let out his erection. There were some blushes and a pointed looking elsewhere from the girls, but not, I noticed before they'd checked his equipment out.

Andrew moved up behind Meili, touching one ankle to get her to move her legs further apart. His hand slid between her legs and he started massing her pussy. Meili gave a few little squeals but remained as she was, not trying to turn around.

Mind you, her squeal got a little louder when Andrew replaced his hand with his erection. Robin and Susan sidled slightly to one side so that they had a better view. Michelle deliberately looked away. She was still mad at me. Andrew gave a hard thrust and sank fully into her and Meili gave another loud squeal.

I interrupted at this point. 

"Meili, who is it who has your close attention?"

"I don't know," she wailed. "I wasn't allowed to look. It's not fair."

"Take a guess," called Robin.

By now, Andrew was starting to drive in hard, and Meili was moving to meet him. His arms were wrapped around her, squeezing her breasts and she was now thoroughly distracted.

"I can't think," she gasped. "Andrew?"

There was laughter at her good guess. Or maybe it was memory. I idly wondered if Andrew had ever had her previously. I turned to Robin and Susan.

"Time for you to join Meili," I told them.

Now it was their turn to blush and look at the three of us. Who was going to take them? I could see the question on their faces, but they weren't quite game enough to ask. They leaned against the wall, one either side of Meili.

I nodded to Charlie and Glen and they took up their positions. In very short order there were a couple of squeals as two young ladies made the acquaintance of a couple of eager erections.

The boys weren't in a hurry. They were taking their time and giving the girls a real service. The girls, for their part, were squealing and gasping and reacting favourably to their respective ravishments. Several times I saw them looking around, trying to see how their friends were faring.

Leaving the boys and girls to their fun I faced Michelle. I unzipped and breathed more easily once I was no longer tightly confined. I moved towards Michelle and she backed away, suddenly nervous.

"I'm not leaning up against a wall while you casually fuck me," she hissed. "I'm not doing it at all."

By now she'd backed up to a wall and had nowhere else to go. I just reached for her, hands closing on her buttocks and pulling her close to me so she could feel my erection pressing against her. 

"I quite agree where the wall is concerned," I said. "I want you looking at me as I take you."

With that I lifted her, letting her feel my erection sliding against her as I lifted, finally finding it dropping free into the space between her legs. Then I started lowering her.

As soon as my erection started pressing against her lips her eyes widened and she stared at me in horror.

"You're doing it," she whispered. "I said no, but you're doing it anyway."

I let her slip down a little more, just enough to allow my erection to force her lips apart and start to enter. Michelle's arms had come up around my neck as she tried to balance herself, her legs wrapping around my waist. A quick thrust and I would be fully inside her.

I didn't deliver that thrust. I just held her steady, riding the edge of my cock. My hands left her buttocks, moving up to enclose her breasts, and very nice they felt. Then I waited.

Michelle started to sink down onto my cock. Her grip tightened around my neck, trying to support her weight. 

"I'm slipping," she protested. "Lift me off."

I just smiled and waited. She started softly cursing me, and I felt her slip a bit more. Slowly and inexorably Michelle found herself sinking down onto my erection. She finally signalled defeat by leaning over and biting me hard on the neck, at the same time relaxing and pushing herself firmly onto me.

Holding Michelle firmly against me I moved over to one of the benches where a towel was lying. I was slightly startled to see the activity over at the other wall had changed somewhat. Andrew was now flat on his back while Meili was bouncing enthusiastically. Robin and Susan were on all fours, facing each other, with Charlie and Glen behind them. I was prepared to swear that they'd changed partners.

Michelle also took in the changed positions.

"Those sluts," she muttered. "They've changed partners."

"Does it matter?" I asked. "They're not likely to find themselves in a similar position again. Why not make the most of it?"

With that I lay Michelle down on the bench and started to make the most of my position. I drove into her hard and, now that she had finally yielded, Michelle came up to meet me just as firmly. She was hot and wet and reluctantly enthusiastic, if you get what I mean. 

I took everything that Michelle was offering and she was offering plenty. She only had two settings it seemed and she'd switched from no way known to yes, yes, yes, and was giving her all.

My one regret was that cheerleaders don't have to clip their nails the way netball players do. I was getting scratches gouged into my shoulders where Michelle was clinging to me. From the look on her face I suspect she knew it and just considered it poetic justice. Obviously I should have taken her from behind. A lesson for the future, perhaps.

Michelle and I played it straight. I was in her and taking her and there was nothing fancy about it. We didn't worry about different positions or teasing each other. We just went at it, hot and heavy, giving and receiving pleasure, working at it just as hard as we could.

We both climaxed about the same time, with me kissing Michelle hard as we finished, swallowing any outcry she might have made. Then we just relaxed limply.

The others were not playing it quite as straight. They'd changed positions yet again. (And partners, where Robin and Susan were concerned.)

While we waited for the others to finish their play Michelle retired to have another shower, dressed and fiercely argued with me about the whole deal. She disapproved of the whole thing. I argued that it was fun and she shouldn't let her life get in a rut.

There was a bit of an aftermath to the whole thing. Meili and Andrew started going steady. I know damned well that Charlie and Glen arranged a quiet date with Robin that was intended to wind up a threesome. The killer was that I also know the pair of them arranged a quiet date with Susan that was also intended to wind up as a threesome. I have no idea if they succeeded in either or both instances.

Me and Michelle? We're still arguing, but I no longer have any claw marks on my shoulders. You can read into that what you like.