 When my older sister Kate turned 19, she joined the college cheerleading team. She was so hot, strutting her stuff, her big, firm, knockers always pushing at the fabric of her tight top. Her miniskirt was so high on her well-toned thighs that you could nearly see the bottom of her pink cuntlips. She was not the only cheerleader who wasn't wearing panties during football practice. Her four best friends, all between eighteen and nineteen years-old and bodacious babes, always followed her lead when it came to prickteasing the boys at school. 

Suzie, a short brunette with enormous boobs, liked to come to school wearing a cropped baby T-shirt that was much too small to contain her awesome rack. Her denim cutoff jeans didn't conceal much of her tanned buttcheeks and muscular legs. All the boys were delirious with lust when she walked down the hall, her heart-shaped ass exposed for all to see. She had recently broken up with her boyfriend, having humiliated him in front of all his mates by announcing that he was much too small where it counted. Since then, she had been openly flirting with me, never missing an occasion to rub her gigantic tits against my arms or to stand so close to me that her buttcheeks were pressing against my soft manmeat which dangled down my trousers half-way to my knees. Often, her best friend Lisa, a blond stunner with a baby face and angelic emerald-green eyes would join in her prickteasing by pretending to have dropped something and bending down in front of me, deliberately displaying her pussy as her skirt rose high on her luscious buttcheeks. 

I was used to all this prickteasing, since my mother and sister also wore outrageous garments at home in order to stiffen my tireless prick into another round of wild incestual sex. But I was getting more and more aroused by the slutiness of my sister's friends since they never went the full nine yards. Every lunchtime, I would have to pay a visit to Mrs Harrison to relieve my aching cock. Her expert blowjobs always emptied my over-bloated balls during our «private tuition » sessions.

One day, I questioned my sister about Suzie and Lisa.

« What's the matter, Timmy ? You can't handle a bit of teasing ? », she asked while her hands ran along my engorging manmeat. 

« Well, I just prefer it when you and mom do it, cos at least I get to fuck you after that. ». My stiffening rod was starting to feel unconfortable in my baggy jeans. Kate's fondling of my equipment had now turned my soft eleven-inch long cock into a rigid fifteen-inch, cunt-splitting monster begging for release.

« I think you should learn to resist temptation, little brother. », she said seriously. She withdrew the hands that had been caressing my massive crotch and walked away, leaving me starving for the feel of the warm inside of her soft vagina. 

For several days, Kate was distant and refused my sexual advances. My mother had left for the week to visit some relatives and Kate spent all her evenings at her friend Suzie's place. I was getting increasingly sexually frustrated since Mrs Harrison was only available for lunchtime quickies. Also, she was away on Fridays, attending special classes at another school. 

Friday evening was like torture to me. We had a football match on the next day, and I spent five hours in the gym, preparing myself for the physical challenge ahead. I was determined not to let Kate's recent rebuttals affect my play. For the first time in many months that night, I slept without having emptied my gonads. They felt particularly bloated the next morning, having fully replenished their contents to the boiling point. 

Despite my age, I play in the senior football team at our college. Coach Grace had immediately spotted my potential during practice. At eighteen, I was as tall as any other player and my muscular mass surpassed them all. At first, I had been teased by my teammates who considered me too young and immature to join the best senior team in the county. But after a particularly ruthless first training session with them, during which I scored the most touch-downs, they became more friendly. And later, when we showered and I purposefully flaunted my enornous genitals, their respect turned to awe and admiration. A few of them popped a boner upon laying their eyes on my massive piece of dangling meat. They were embarassed and quickly turned round, as it was clear that my semi-erect giant snake was over twice as long and thick than their small 5 or 6 inchers. 

Before the match, we always gather in the locker room with coach Grace to get his orders for the match. He's a nice guy, around 50 and obviously a true passionate fan of the game. As we wear dressing up, I heard him expose his strategy. I was about to apply my extra-large jockstrap when, all of a sudden, the door burst open and Kate and her four cheerleading friends waltzed in, wearing the tightiest pairs of white spandex shorts that definitely revealed an absence of panties. Their white top were equally tight-fitting, exposing to the gathered assembly of horny males the luscious curves of their endowed teenaged breasts. They started their dance and singing routine, deliberately rubbing their hands over the muscled arms of the football players. But they spent most time feeling my immense bulging biceps, cooing with delight as they felt the hardness of my mountains of muscle. More to the point, they each, in turn, encircled the obvious girth of my stretched penis through my tight pants. Coach Grace then ordered my sister and her friends to leave after thanking them for the support they expressed for the team. We were all dumbfounded as they left, swaying their hips provocativally and showing their toned legs to best effect. 

I somehow managed to concentrate on the game and we ended up winning easily. Kate and the other cheerleaders had been encouraging us throughout the match by their constant cheering and by flashing their tits to our disoriented opponents. They disappeared shortly after the end-whistle.

Later that evening, I did some weightlifting in our basement gym, and tried to forget the teasing images of my sister and her friends. I had been semi-erect since the game started and throughout te afternoon. My balls were hugely swollen by then, full of thick cream that weighted my giant eggs even further than usual. After half-an-hour of training, I heard the front door of the house open. Finally ! My sister was back and would hopefully relieve my aching cock. Then I heard some voices, several of them actually, followed by small giggles. What was Kate up to ?

Suddenly, the basement door opened and some long, tanned legs appeared at the top of the staircase. But I didn't recognized them as Kate's. They turned out to be Lisa's ! Actually, all four of my sister's friends were there, dressed up in the same outrageous outfit they had been wearing during their cheerleading routines that afternoon. 

« Hi there, Timmy. », said my sister with a wicked smile. All five hotties were standing under the bright neon light, their cute faces grinning at me. Suzie licked her lips sexily as she looked at me and blinked several times. Next to her, Danielle, a eighteen year-old sexbomb who had arrived earlier in the fall from Australia, turned round to let me admire her incredibly tight ass. Her spandex shorts were pulled so high that half of her perky buttcheeks was exposed. The youngest of the five, Karlee, a drop-dead gorgeous green-eyed blond beauty with five tiny freckles on her pointy nose, was rubbing the front of her shorts and licking one finger ostentatiously. Lisa was caressing her massive rack from underneath her thin garment, obviously squeezing her nipples and moaning with lust. 

« What..., what's up ? », I asked incredulously. 

« Your giant cock, by the looks of it ! », answered Kate with a laugh. I looked down and realized that, indeed, my previously half-hard schlong had turned into a solid, four-pound mass of manmeat. My balls had been lifted by the stretched fabric and now layed on either side of the clear root of my manhood. Fifteen inches upwards along the huge trunk-like shaft, my cockhead was tenting obsceleny, in an attempt to poke a hole through the squeezing spandex. 

« I think little brother needs to be taught some manners ! », Kate said menacingly. The five young, nubile babes approached slowly and, as I was about to stand up, pushed me back on the bench of the weight-lifting machine. 

« Not so fast, Timmy. You've got to deserve us. », said Suzie as she clamped her knee on one of my straining biceps. 

« You haven't finished your workout yet ! », beamed little Karlee as her eyes devoured my sculptural body. I decided to comply with her request and started bench-pressing 150-pound weights. While I was doing rep after rep, the girls gathered round and kneeled to caress the distended muscles of my glistening body. Karlee was most interested in the thick slabs of my bulging pecs, running her pointy nails along the length of the rock-hard muscles, feeling their power surge as I continued to easily lift the weights and hold them up for several seconds. I could feel Danielle's fingers gently rolling over the outlined length of my engorged manhood while Suzie had positioned herself between my legs and was licking the inner sides of my sinewy thighs. It didn't take long for her to start fondling my bloated balls through my outstretched gym shorts. I nearly dropped my barbell when I felt the palms of her hands attempt to encircle the too-massive size of my seedmakeers. Kate, my sister, was meanwhile showing Danielle and Lisa how my biceps bulged when I flexed my arms to lower the weights. Danielle felt the hard mass of my arm muscles and cooed with delight at touching such huge biceps. 

« Fuck, I've never seen such muscles on a guy before ! », she said. I put the barbell down and quickly grabbed her legs with one arm, lifting her clear off the floor. She yelped in surprise but soon understood that I planned to continue my reps with her body. I held her tight buttcheeks in the palm of one hand and supported her neck with the other. Then I started lifting her up and down, up and down. The other girls giggled. 

« My turn ! », cried Karlee. She was so petite, I thought it wouldn't be a problem lifting her up with just one arm. So I gently put Danielle back on the ground and told Karlee to sit on my hand. She made sure to pull her shorts off and I saw my first pussy in over two days. I nearly blew my load here and there, she had such a nicely-trimmed bush and her cuntlips were opening up with each breath like rose petals in May. 

« So you can get a better grip, Timmy ! », she announced unashamed. She sat down on my hand and I was amazed to see that my fingers were able to completely hold her naked rump. She felt like feather-weight as I flexed my arm without effort to lift her clear off the floor. Suzie stood up from her close inspection of my giant nuts and quickly undid her shorts too ! 

« I wanna have a ride too ! », she exclaimed. I was now power-lifting two teeny, overjoyed girls with the sheer strength of my bodybuilder arms. My cock twitched with renewed vigour at the realization that I was about to fuck the five hottest chicks of my school. Danielle jumped on my large torso and straddled me. She was facing me and bend down to lick my nipples. Her tongue wrapped around the hardened peaks of my teats and slothered warm drool onto my areolas. I felt her large, firm bosom press against the muscular outline of my six packs. Her tight bum was resting on my crotch, slightly raised by my unbending monster cock. She lodged my shaft between her thin thighs and slowly massaged its outlined length with her crotch. Her wet cunt was so damp that I could feel the moisture through both our shorts' fabric. I was equally aroused and my cockslit drooled watery pre-cum, soaking my stretched spandex where an obvious dark splodge was beginning to form. 

« Shit, have you come already Timmy ? », asked Lisa with disappointment. Before I had time to answer, Kate explained that I always drooled more pre-cum than an average guy's weekly supply of sperm. « Jeezus, you're right, he's still hard ! ».

« And he would be, even he really had come. Timmy can keep it up for hours ! », beamed Kate. 

« No way !!! My ex always got soft after coming, and he came way too quickly anyway. » Lisa looked at my rigid manhood in awe as she realized she was going to get the fuck of her lifetime. « I wanna see this thing ! », she exclaimed. Danielle helped her unwrap the huge « package » I had ready for them, eager to see for herself if it looked as huge as it had felt when she had been massaging its length with her crotch. Lisa needed to press down on my manhood with all her strength to allow Danielle to pull my shorts down past the giant, menacing head.

« Sssshhhiit ! It's fucking HHHUUGGGE ! », Lisa bellowed. Pre-cum was freely flowing from the piss-slit as the crimson apple-sized crown was revealed. Danielle pulled my gym boxers further down as more and more of my three-inch wide shaft appeared. Quickly, Lisa locked her mouth on the tip of my flaring head, sucking down the constant stream of pre-sperm that I was producing. I raised my hips, so that Danielle could yank down my gym shorts all the way to my ankles. Finally, my fifteen-inch cock was freed and greeted with gasps of approval from my female audience. I let both Suzie and Karlee down so they could come closer to the object of their lust. Karlee's tiny hands attempted to encircle the immense girth of my manhood, but even with thumbs and fingers stretched, she failed by an inch or so. Soon, Danielle was also caressing my overly thick shaft at mid-point with her hands, coaxing a sudden spurt of pre-come from my distended crown. However, Lisa eagerly gobbled that wad up, letting the watery liquid slosh in her mouth before gulping it down. 

« More, I want more ! », she said, out of breath. I complied with pleasure and let myself go, as another voluminous pre-come spurt spilt on her impeccably-white teeth. « Mmmhh ! It¨s so tasty ! ».

« I wanna have some too ! », complained Karlee, who had given up on her attempts to encircle my rigid manhood. Lisa was not easily persuaded however, and continued to clamp her mouth over my disgorging cumslit. Eventually, she let go and allowed little Karlee to have a taste of my seminal drool. The lust-filled kitten almost gagged as I rammed my huge cockhead into her wide-open oral cavity. It was a good thing that she had one of those large, sensuous mouths, otherwise my engorged crown would probably not have made it past her moist lips. Karlee finally got used to the presence of my immense penile tip and even manage to roll her tongue along the underside of my sensitive glans. The feeling was almost too overwhelming, as I fought hard to contain my imminent explosion. I wanted to give those ladies a treat and could not allow myself to come so early. 

« Let Danielle have a go. And come and sit over here. », I motioned to her to stick her wet crotch into my face, so I could get a taste of her womanhood. As I feasted on her drooling pussy, I felt another mouth on my cocktip. Danielle was more adventurous than Lisa and Karlee and stuck her tongue right up my cockslit. Her hands encircle the top end of my massive shaft, just below the rim, and she started frantically jerking, tugging and pulling, giving me tremendous pleasure. I think my shaft even hardened further under her ministrations. Not wanting to be left out, Lisa and Suzie knelt on either side of my outstretched thighs and took a firm hold on the uncovered length of my giant dong. Soon, three pairs of hands were jacking me, while Danielle continued to greedily slurp up my spermy offerings. 

« Now, for the main act ! », annouced my sister. Kate straddled my hips, supporting herself on my washboard abs. Danielle relinquished my twitching knobhead with a final tug and guided my monster tip to the entrance of my sister's quivering cunt. Slowly, Kat eimpaled herself on my crown until the entire head was inside her pussy. She groaned in pleasure, relishing in the sensation of my pulsing rod filling her so completely. Still, she had only taken a few inches of my fifteen-and-a-half inch staff and I eagerly waited for her hips to push down so that I could feel more of my manhood being enveloped by her warm innards. 

« Ggggrrmmpph ! « , she panted as she slid a couple more inches of my shaft inside her overfilled pussy. The other lasses watched intently as over half of my giant dong somehow managed to find its way into the depths of my sister's vagina. Finally, I felt my tip hit the back of her pussy. But I knew form experience that this obstacle was by no means unsurmountable. A rapid buck of my hips and my knobhead entered her back chamber. Now, only Lisa could continue to wank the remaining inches of my shaft left outside. Suzie decided to use her free hands to rub Kate's mound vigourously. The combination of my oversized prick plowing her cunt and Suzie's expert caresses brought my sis over the edge. She exploded in a guttural orgasm so loud that even I was surprised. Of course, it only encouraged me to buck more rapidly and to push my fat cock even further up her pussy. At the same time that Kate reached her second climax, Karlee's cunt unloaded a thick slime of girly juice into my mouth as she, too, exploded violently. I needed to hold her thighs to stop her from falling backwards. 

« OoooHH, AAAAHHH ! », she cried as I continued to tongue her cuntlips. « FFFUUCCKKK , I'm cccooommmiing ! ». The indecent orgasmic screams of Karlee and the energetic massage my cock was getting from my sister's tight cunt was all I needed to bring me over the edge. 

« Get ready, sis ! », I warned as I felt the first pulse of sperm travel from my overloaded testicles up the length of my erect prick. « It's gonna be a BIG OOOONNNE ! », I moaned. The first pellet exploded deep up my sister's canal. For several seconds, the giant wad hosed Kate's insides.

« Sshhit ! I can feel it ! Keep coming, Timmy, I'm gonna come too ! Yes, YYYEESSS ! ». A magma of sperm was filling her hot box as I unleashed giant spray after giant spray of creamy cum. On my fifth or sixth ejaculation, I slowly withdrew my still-spurting cum cannon, and a sudden flow of thick seed escaped Kate's overflowing pussy. Suzie immediately seized this opportunity to slurp up the outpouring rivulets of salty juice ; my disgorging cockhead was still lodged inside my sister's canal and Suzie's frantic cleaning of my exposed shaft with her warm tongue coaxed even more jism out of my cumhole. 

« Please, take it out, Timmy ! We want to see it for ourselves ! », urged Danielle as she focused intently on the incestual display of my huge ramrod exploding massive wads deep inside Kate's love tunnel. The lubricating effects of such an outpouring of viscous fluid allowed me to dislodge my ejaculating glans from Kate's orgasming pussy. The withdrawal of my purple knobhead had left behind a gaping hole out of which my thick cream was constantly pouring. I spurted another great wad, adding more syrupy jizz to her overfilled pussyhole and coating her puffy cuntlips with blobs of sperm. Before I could aim my spurting monster at danielle's face, a long, thick white streamer erupted from my cumslit, arching its way over Kate's upturned ass and landing with a wet splash over her back and shoulders. 

« Gimme some, please Timmy ! », begged a delirious Danielle. Her hands were too busy fingering herself, so Suzie took a hold of my thick manroot and, with a strong pull, managed to divert the next salvos in the Aussie sexbomb's direction. A few more giant wads was all it took to paint Danielle's upper body, burying her large jiggling tits in a thick coat of my unending sperm streamers. Due to two days of abstinence, my spermmakers were only half empty by then, and since Suzie had serviced my sister's dripping cunt so well, I decided to reward the young hottie with a cum-shower she would not soon forget. Although the strength of my ejaculations had decreased slightly over the course of the already 15 or so giant wads I had so far spurted, I was still able to piss jizz like I had never come. I dumped a big load all over Suzie's astonished face, her surprised look a testament to the amazing virile power I was displaying. Danielle, Lisa and Karlee were beyond themselves, open-mouthed and unable to comprehend how anyone, let alone a eighteen-year old boy, could produce such a superhuman amount of cream. Their gazing eyes followed the arching trajectories of the successive streamers that my exploding shaft was delivering.  Kate pushed her crotch back onto my pubic bone, squashing the pool of semen that had been dripping from her open cunt. I tugged at my rigid shaft, feeling my warm cum flow between my tightened fingers, and unloaded my final cumspray over Suzie's drenched bosom.  
