 "So what are you doing for New Years!" She asked. 

"Well you know me, a wild and crazy guy.. So once I am off work at ten, I am headed home to put some pjs on and play Xbox. You?" I respond.

"I was thinking about getting in our hot tub when I get home. But my folks don't like when I go it alone. You should come over and join me."

"Yeah that's not going to happen."

"Why not? I am 19. And no one should be alone on New Year's Eve."

"Well, that's one reason. I am old enough to be your dad. Plus I don't carry a swimsuit on me."

"You mean you don't carry a suit around with you all the time. You can borrow one from me. Well, my dads, haha. Just hot tubbing, nothing more. No one will know. Just us two."

"Don't you have friends your own age. Maybe a boyfriend. You're a good looking girl and you don't seem like a bitch." I said joking

"Gee thanks, I think. I have girlfriends but they are with their boyfriends, on vacation with family or back at school. Plus, guys my age don't want to date girls with out boobs." She says as she puts her hand on her relatively flat chest."

Sloan is a really good looking girl. She is tall, thin, with blonde hair down to a fine ass. She ran cross country in high school which kept her in shape and gave her small A cup tits. 

"You're right, boys that age never are smart." I say. "I will think about it." I say to stop the conversation. 

"Awesome. Give me your phone number and I will text you my address." She says as she walks back to work. 

On my way out to make a delivery I slip Sloan my phone number hoping that this conversation is over and nothing nothing more will come from it. As the night progresses, my hopes come true and Sloan leaves at 9:00 saying nothing about her hot tubbing offer. Thinking that she must have gotten a better offer, I start thinking about my quiet night at home. 

The night progresses, and at 9:45 I head out for my last delivery. As I approach my car I hear my phone alert me of a new text message. I get in the car and all that's there is an address and a see you soon. Ugggg, guess she didn't get a better offer. I head off to my delivery and to think of a way out of this. 

I get back to the pizza shop and just decide to text back "I am not going to make it. Don't think this is a smart idea." When I get another text of a piece of cheese cake with the caption, "oh and there is cheese cake." 

What's a guy to do, "be there in 30." I text back as I head in to clock out for the night. 

I get to Sloan's house and before I can knock on the door it opens and there she is standing there in a long sleeve t-shirt and what I am assuming are bikini bottoms. "Didn't think you were going to make it." She says as she opens the door. 

"I wasn't going to, but the cheesecake pushed me over the edge." I respond. She doesn't need to know how true the statement is. 

She playfully hits me in the stomach and then shows me where to hang my jacket and put my shoes. As I remove both I notice how nervous Sloan appears to be, fidgeting with her shirt, rolling her hands in the front pushing it down low and making it rise up in the back. I don't think much of it until I follow her into the house. As she walks away, her shirt has ridden up in the back due to her fidgeting and shows off her cute, tight little ass in an even smaller swimsuit. Yup, bikini bottoms, I think. 

We get into the kitchen and Sloan turns to me and says "I have some bad news."

"Did you eat all the cheese cake? Tell me there is still cheesecake. If there is I can handle anything."

Sloan nods her head and says "there is still plenty of cheese cake. But, we aren't..."

"Hot tub is nice and ready for us!" Says a new voice. 

I look over at Sloan shooting her my best WTF look. I wasn't wanting "alone time" with her. But really didn't want a group of people. 

Sloan smiles her best smile and said. "Lenny this is Ashley my best friend from high school. Ashley this is Lenny. Lenny, Ashley came home early to surprise me so I wouldn't have to be alone on new years eve. Oh and she brought the cheese cake."

I smile and look over at Ashley and am at first at a loss for words. She is the most beautiful redhead I have ever seen. Ashley looks like the typical female athlete, long red hair to the middle of her back, stunning green eyes. And who am I fooling a nice set of tits. I am guessing b cups. I stick out my hand to shake hers "nice to meet you. Thanks for bringing the cheese cake." 

"No problem she says." Turning to Sloan, she says "did you tell him, yet."

"No, I was just getting to that." Sloan says and turns to look at me. "So umm, I can't find my dad's swim suit. So I thought you could wear his boxers or yours." She says hopefully. 

"Or go naked!" Ashley says.

Hell no I think. There is no way I will get naked with two 19 year olds. Wait is Ashley even 18, I should check on that, I think.

"Wait, what?" I said. " No swimsuit. So boxers instead?" I said questioning. I turn to Ashley and say "Not going naked."

Sloan looks awful. She says "I am really sorry. I didn't think he would take both his suits with him. I don't know what else to do. I thought you in your boxers would be ok. We are wearing bikinis and that's just like underwear. I don't know what else to suggest."

"Or you could go naked?" Ashley says with a smile on her face. 

Man what is up with this girl I think. Didn't think 19 yr olds wanted to see old 40 something naked. Don't get me wrong I am not that bad looking. But at 40, 6'2" and 185, sandy blonde hair that is starting to go grey and my piercing blue eyes (so I have been told). I am no teen age boy and she could get any one she wanted. Either one for that matter. 

I look at Ashley and say "The last thing I am going to do is go naked while you two have your suits on." Shit that came out wrong I think. 

"Ok. I will take my top off, how's that?" Ashley responds with a smile on her face. "I am sure Sloan will also. We both look at Sloan. 

"Ashley settle down. I don't think that's what Lenny meant to say. "Right?"

"Right. And besides that still wouldn't be fair. I would be butt ass naked, you two would only be topless. How is that fair?" Wait, what did I just say, I think. Am I really arguing about going skinny dipping with 19 yr olds over cheese cake. Damn this cheesecake is good. "Wait, that's not what I meant. It doesn't matter. I am not getting naked with the two of you. 

"Why not?" Ashley asks. 

"Yeah, why not?" Sloan's says, sounding offended

I take another bite of cheesecake to stall and think of an answer that won't get me kicked in the balls. Are these girls serious? There are plenty of reasons. 1. I am twice their age. 2. They are beautiful, sexy teen age girls. Why would they want to. I start finish the cheesecake in my mouth and start to tell them the why this wasn't going to happen. I swallow the last bit of cheese cake and look up at them. Damn they are cute girls, the bulge in my pants tries to move. Would it be that bad. Yes, I think. 

"Ok ladies, here's the deal." I start. "If we are going to do this there are going to be some rules/guidelines. First everyone is naked, butt ass naked. That means when we are all in the tub, we will all stand up and do a little spin so we can all get a good look. Second, no touching. None at all. Third, phones go in a drawer and don't come out until we are all dressed. And lastly, we don't talk about it, ever. Agreed?"

They both look at me, shock comes across their faces. The turn and walk to the corner of the kitchen and start whispering. I am not sure if I pissed them off or if they are considering it. Honestly, can't believe I said what I said. But I am also considering that I will call their bluff. 

The ladies return, Ashley comes across the kitchen looking me in the eye with a smile plastered on her face. Sloan won't make eye contact with me, nor is she smiling. Uh oh I think. 

Ashley starts off, "here is our counter offer." Counter offer I think. Are we really negotiating naked hot tubbing. Well, this should be interesting, I think. "Point 1, 3, and 4 are fine. To point four you have no worries, neither one of us want to admit that we went naked hot tubbing with such an old man." Ashley says with a smirk on her face. At this point Sloan looks up and smiles at me. Ashley continues, "point number two, we want to touch it. It's non negotiable."

"Touch what?" I say. If they want to touch my cock, they can at least say the word. 

"We want to touch... you know." Ashley responds. 

"Oh now you are shy?" I say with a smile on my face. Still not sure how I feel about this. I am all ready crossing a huge line. Naked hot tubbing with two beautiful girls. Not the smartest thing I have ever done. 

Out of nowhere Sloan says "we want to touch your cock." 

There is silence in the kitchen as I look at Sloan and then Ashley. Sloan looks like she just admit to murdering someone. Ashley is shocked that Sloan has said it so bluntly but also relieved. 

"Ok... How about this? You can touch my cock but only in the hot tub when it is under water. And no stroking it." If I don't get any pleasure out of it, it's not as bad right, I think. Then another thought jumps in my head. " You guys have seen a cock before right. You're both over 18 right?"

"Um..." Ashley starts to respond. 

"Yes, we have seen a cock before. What do you think we are a bunch of prudes." Ashley responds. "I have seen three different ones and Sloan has seen two. And I am nineteen and a half. So there. Oh and we agree to your terms."

Oh shit I think. What have I gotten myself into. So much for calling their bluff. "Ok so how do we do this?" I ask. 

Sloan looks at Ashley, rather responds and says "Follow me. You can change in the guest room and then head to the hot tub where we will join you. You don't have to do this if you don't want to." She says. 

"No I am in. Actually looking forward to a good soak and seeing a couple cute naked girls. Are you sure about this? It might be weird at work after this?" I say. 

"Oh I am in. I have always wanted to see old man cock." She says glancing down at the bulge in my pants. Sloan points to the guest room, tells me how to get to the hot tub and skips away. Obviously, excited to get to the tub.

My plan is simple. Get changed as fast as I can and get to the tub first. That way if this is a trick I won't strip down in front of them. I almost fall over I am taking my clothes off so quickly. I grab the towel and wrap it around my waist and laugh because I am worried about walking down the hall to the tub naked. But when I get there I will be naked. I get out to the tub and am the first one there. I find a place to put my towel. Close to the tub and slide into the tub. If nothing else this is going to feel great.

I soon hear footsteps and voices. The girls are still wearing their long sleeve T-shirt but with towels wrapped around their waists. They look at the tub and see me in the tub and both say not fair and tell me to close my eyes. Yeah right I respond as I continue to watch them. There is no way I am not going to watch this. They look at each other and start to undress. They both take their towels off which is a let down because I can't see anything new. Ashley looks at Sloan and nods. She turns around and faces the other way with her back to me. She removes her shirt revealing her tight ass. She turns around revealing everything. Let me tell you there was a lot to see. She starts to walk toward the tub not wanting to stand naked too long in the cold night air.

She steps in to the tub and says this is my turn around. She slowly spins around letting me see everything. I see her perfect, perky b cup tits. Her nipples are rock hard from the cold air. She parts her legs as she spins giving me a perfect view of her pussy. She had the hottest little red landing strip down to her pussy. Her pale skin was sprinkled with freckles all over her body. Truly amazing. 

"Hello, earth to Todd. Everything ok?" Ashley asked. 

I snap out of my staring. "Yes. Amazing, sexy, hot. Wow!" I respond.

Ashley's nervous smile turns to a confident grin and says thank you. 

We both turn to look at Sloan. Sloan turns around like Ashley and starts to pull her shirt off like Ashley did.

Ashley leans over and says "if you think I am hot. Wait to you see Sloan. Amazing!"

As her shirt comes off and we are looking at her fine ass, she says. "Ok, I am going to turn around but don't expect too much. Ashley has a better body than I do."

"I will be the judge of that." I say with a huge smile on my face.

Sloan turns around to reveal an amazing fit body. If you are a boob guy, you would be disappointed. But if you like fit athletic woman, she is your girl. She climbs into the tub and starts to do her spin. Her nipples on her A cup tits are rock hard and huge. They are perfect for a nibble. I let my eyes wander down her body and slow on her abs. Amazing, a firm, flat stomach with a belly button ring hanging down. I quickly drop my eyes further south to finish checking her out to find a bald pussy. Again, I find myself speechless.

Sloan sinks down into the tub covering up and warming up again. I look at her face and she looks sad and disappointed. Ashley splashes me waking me up out of my haze and says "And..."

I am slow to speak as I try to put the word together. "Well, Sloan you don't lie very well. Ashley, you are beautiful. But Sloan, wholly shit. If I was 20 yrs younger, damn. The boys are missing out on you."

Sloan's disappointed look turns into smile from ear to ear. She sits up a little straighter but not to straight to be out of the water. She looks me in the eye and says "Thank you. Now it's your turn."

I smile and start to stand up wondering how they are going to respond to this. After watching to beautiful girls do a naked spin, I am beyond rock hard. This cold weather isn't going to help but here goes. I stand up and reveal my 6.5 inch thick cock. I do my slow turn and sit back down. I look at the girls. Ashley's smile has gone to making a surprised look on her face. Sloan's smile, if possible got bigger. My cock isn't huge but obviously by the look on their faces I am the largest they have seen. I say "And..."

Sloan says "Impressive."

Ashley says "Not bad." 

"Thanks. Ok be honest now. How many guys have you really seen? I am not buying your earlier answer, especially after your response when seeing mine." I said.

Sloan speaks up first this time, "I have seen one. I had a boyfriend for a while and we messed around. Once we had sex he dumped me. Same with Ashley, except different boy. Boys are ass holes." Ashley is nodding her head.

Well that explains why they were so impressed by my size. Not much to compare it to. Also explains why they want to touch it. Could be worse I think. 

"So when do we get to touch it?" Ashley asks.

"Man you don't be around the bush do you. Well you can't touch it until you say what it is and come closer than across the hot tub." I respond. 

Ashley stands up and starts to walk across the tub giving me a full view of her tits and says "when can we touch you cock? How's that." Sitting down next to me

I smile and say "Awful. Now go back there and try again. She stands up and walks back giving me a view of the top of her ass crack and back dimples. She turns around and says the exact same thing. Now standing right in front of me giving me a close up view of her tits. I respond the same way. Instead of turning around and walking back to go again she responds with "what is wrong with what I said." 

Holding back from reaching out and grabbing her titties, I respond with "Absolutely nothing. I just wanted to see you amazing titties more." With a huge smile on my face. 

Sloan bust out laughing and says. "I told you he was sarcastic."

Ashley sits down next to me and her hand clamps on to my cock. "Ok you touched it, next."

"Hold on a minute. I want to touch it a little longer, especially after you made me do the display walk twice." 

"Ok. But not stroking. Water isn't a great lube and it will hurt." I reply.

"Fine. If I was going to stroke it. Would it feel good if it was here." Ashley says as she holds down to the bottom of my cock. About as far away from the tip as she can be. 

Oh wow I think. She has no idea what to do with a cock. I start to tell her and look at Sloan. Sloan is leaning over trying to hear what I have to say, obviously just as clueless. "Sloan, why don't you come over here to hear what I have to say." Sloan slides over on the seats not revealing any skin. A total disappointment to both Ashley and I.

"Bullshit. That's total bullshit. She can't get away with that." Ashley says laughing.

"Oh don't worry about it. Sloan for your slyness you need to slide that pretty ass of yours back to where you started from and stand up on the seats and walk over here. Once here then walk back and do it again." I say looking at both Sloan and Ashley. Ashley nods her head in agreement. Sloan slides back looking sad but when she stands up she has a smile on her face happy that I want to see her naked body again. 

Once Sloan gets settled and can hear me, I share with the ladies about the best place to stroke a guy off. As I tell them Ashley moves her hand on place and starts to mimic what I am saying with her hand. She has a very tender touch and even with the water it starts to feel good. She can see what she is doing. Sloan looks a little confused and then realizes and smiles. I take a deep breath and say, "if we were practicing our stroking that would be great. But we aren't. How about letting Sloan handle the goods for awhile." 

Shit, I think. I have to keep my eye on her or this is going to get out of control quick. Sloan's hand has no trouble finding my cock and exploring. She slides her hand down and cups my balls and then back to my cock and exploring the tip of my cock. 

As Sloan explore my cock Ashley starts fidgeting. "You know you can touch us if you want. I know how much you like our tits and it's not like stroking them can get us that turned on."

"Wait, what did you just say? Of course it can." I respond.

"No way. You can play with my tits as much as you want and I won't get any more turned on." Ashley responds.

"Obviously, you have been only with boys that didn't know what they were doing. Give me ten minutes playing with your tits and I will have you so turned on." I respond.

"Prove it. You in on this one, Sloan?" Ashley says.

"Once we are out I will." I respond. Shit, what did I just do. Now I have to play with their tits and turn them on. I can do it. But that really wasn't what I was planning to do. What is happening. Then I realize it. Sloan is still stroking my cock. I hadn't realized it because I was distracted by Ashley but Sloan is getting me really turn on. I reach down and gently grab her and and say that her turn is over. Good thing for the hot tub water or I would have lost my load.

The bubbles turn off and we all look at Sloan. She explains that it's been 45 minutes and we should probably get out and get dressed. Ashley brings up our friendly bet.

"I think we should stay naked. What's the harm? Lenny has already seen us really well. And we have seen him and really handled his cock." Ashley states. 

"I can handle it." Sloan says as they both look at me.

"Ok but same rules apply. I will stay naked as long as you ladies do." I say.

"Except for the bet. You can touch us then. Can we touch you one more time so we can see where we are touching?" Ashley asks.

"Yes, on both those points. Now let's get going before I change my mind." I say.

We grab our towels and quickly dry off. Once finished the girls wrap their towels around their head and we jog in. I being the gentleman let them lead the way. Also I wanted to check out their tight asses again. 
