 Ashley interrupts the silence by saying "when do we get to go again."

"Are you serious. Let me catch my breath. I am old. I know how to get you to cum. But I don't reload that quickly." I say. "If you can get me hard again we can go again and again and again. But it won't be easy."

"Sounds like a fun challenge for us." Sloan says looking over at Ashley.

As she says it, Ashley climbs on top of me and spins around getting into the 69 position. I would be lying if the view wasn't amazing to look at her pussy was bald from my view, looking at her tight ass and her puckered rosebud. She was going to try and suck my cock hard. I am sure I will have her dripping wet again and cumming in my mouth before my cock gets hard.

I grab her up by her hips and pull her pussy and ass back to my tongue. I give her a good lick and orientate myself under her and find that clit of hers. I know I have found the spot when I feel her her take a deep breath. She has positioned herself so that she can place my flaccid cock in her mouth. Don't get me wrong it feels awesome, just the reload time takes a little more time. But that's ok, I will enjoy eating her out and then I can move on to Sloan. 

Wow does she taste good. I keep licking her clit, starting as low down her pussy and working my way up. Just when she gets use to the feeling I slip two fingers into her tight pussy. She moans and pushes back causing my fingers to slide deeper is side of her. I grab her ass with my other hand to hold her steady. She can't keep her hips still as I play with her. She has all but given up trying to get me hard. My cock is still in her mouth but it is slowly sliding out. I slide one finger out and am now able to find her g-spot. I start to play with it and my cock drops out of her mouth as she says "stop that your making me have to pee." I knew I hit the spot and continue. Ashley then say "oh shit, don't stoopppp. That feels amazing, Oh shit, please don't stop." 

That's when I slide my second finger back inside her tight wet pussy. As she moans I pull it back out and promptly move it to her rosebud. I start to circle her rosebud with my finger. As I do this Ashley let's out the deepest moan. That's when I know she wants it and I slide my finger into her tight rosebud. Ashley pushes back on my fingers, one in her ass, one on her g-spot and my tongue in her clit. I wasn't sure how she was doing it but she hadn't cummed yet. But I knew she was close. Her hands slid up my legs and gripped my ankles. I knew she was ready. I worked my fingers and tongue to bring her to a climax. Her juices started to flow out of her, she tasted so sweet. She started to cum and pull her clit away from my tongue. But how can you go anywhere with a finger In your ass and pussy. I finished her off and she just moaned. 

She took a couple deep breaths and said. "Wow that was amazing. Wow, just wow." After a minute she said "ok you can remove your fingers." 

That's when I replied with "oh, I'm not done yet!" And I went back to work and started up again. 

Ashley promptly said "oh shit." And started moaning immediately. Five minutes later, it turned into "oh shit, here I go again." As she cummed in my face a second time. She came down for her orgasm and said. "Ok. I am really done now."

I looked up to see Sloan shaking her head no and holding one finger up. I thought what the hell and started at her one more time. And damn she came quick this time. When she came down from her orgasm. I pulled my fingers out of her, gave her a playful smack on the ass and said "ok now I am done." She rolled off of me and looked at me and shot me a smile that said thank you. Ashley got up, she stumbled a couple times and then got her feet under her as she walked into the kitchen for a glass of water. 

As Ashley walked out of the room Sloan quickly climbed on top of me, laying down on me with a leg on both sides. She felt amazing on top of me, a perfect fit. I ran my hands down her back to her ass and back up. She kissed me deep and passionately, slipping her tongue into my mouth. I wondered what she thought about tasting her best friend. I wondered if she was as turn on as I was. Sloan broke the kiss and said "So here is what I am thinking. I want what you just did to Ashley, maybe not three times. But definitely twice, then when you are done with that. I am going to spin back around and your cock is going to be rock hard so you can slide it into my tight pussy and give me the proper fucking we both deserve. And hopefully Ashley will be back to watch me get fucked by you. She is dying to and it would kill her to have to watch you fuck me before her. What do you think?"

I acted like I was actually thinking about it and said "I think three times will do and I can't wait to taste you."

Sloan spun around and got comfortable placing my cock into her mouth and working her tongue over it. I grabbed her hips and pulled her into my face, taking a deep breath and smelling her sex. I position her so that I can lick her clit and drink the juices coming out of her. I thought Ashley tasted good but Sloan tasted even better. Maybe it was because I wondered how she tasted since I met her. Imagined doing this with her. Sloan started to move her hips as I licked, sucked and nibbling her clit. When I knew she was into it, I slid a finger into her just like I had with Ashley. When I did that a moan and my cock escaped her lips. I knew I had her. I worked another finger inside of her. Damn she was tight, I couldn't wait to get my cock in her. Sloan moaned and pushed back on my finger getting them deep inside of her. She moans for me to keep them in her. I moved them back and forth finger fucking her as I continued to work her clit. She started to relax a bit and I slipped one finger out and moved it to her rosebud and start circling it as I did Ashley. The finger I left in her tight pussy worked her g-spot. 

"Oh fuck!" She moaned as I started massaging her g-spot. Her hips were squirming all over the place and it was tough to keep my tongue on it. So what's a guy to do but slip a finger in her ass. As I did that she stopped moving and took in a deep breath of air. I thought oh shit I went too far, what should I do. I started to pull my finger out of her tight ass. As I did, she pushed back into my finger not letting it escape her tightness. Ok, I thought, in it goes, and I pushed back in. Once my finger was deep inside of both her pussy and ass, i continued to work her clit. I was starting to get really turned on and my cock was starting to come back to life. Sloan started to moan and try to move her clit away from my mouth, then she started to cum. As she came down from cumming I took a deep breath and said "there is one, get ready for number two." And kept working her clit, a minute later I had her moaning again. Again she came down from cumming and I worked right into number three. This one came even quicker and afterwards she laid there. I didn't know if she was going to be able to move. She lifted her head up and tried to spin around and had trouble. She rolled off of me onto her back. She looked roughed up her pussy was soaking wet from my mouth, her upper thighs were coated with juices from her pussy. The rest of her body was glistening with a layer of sweat, and goose bumps were starting to pop up. Her top had nipples were standing straight up begging to be sucked. Damn she looked hot laying there. 

Sloan rested for a minute and looked over at me. She glanced down at my cock which wasn't hard yet but showing signs of life and said "what are we going to do about that."

I responded with "Why don't you bring those sexy nipples and that wet pussy of yours over here and lay on top of me and see what happens."

Sloan awkwardly does just that as Ashley returns to the room. Ashley looks down at Sloan dry humping me sort of and says "oh good you're still alive. I was worried he had killed you with all that moaning you were doing. Still no luck with getting him hard again. Not sure dry humping will work. No fucking him, I get him first. I am going to shut down the hot tub. Good luck."

What Ashley didn't realize was that as soon as Sloan climbed on top of me my cock went rock hard. Who would have thought. The dry humping was really Sloan getting my cock all wet. As soon as Ashley left the room Sloan in one motion did the following: whispered in my ear she was on the pill. I was a little surprised for her to say this because I didn't know why I needed to know this. At that same time she was lifting up her hips placing the head of my cock at the opening of her pussy and then lowering her hips. My cock slid right it, it was tight don't get me wrong but she was so wet that helped out. Then she whispered "shhh..."

That's when Ashley came back into the room. She glanced back down at us and again said "Sloan, I give you points for trying but he isn't going to get hard. Give it up."

Sloan and I were doing a slow grind on each other. It was pretty intense and I was really enjoying her tight pussy. Wanting to see how far Sloan would take it before she would let her BFF know she was getting fucked right in front of her I said "Sloan, Ashley may be correct. This feels awesome but I just don't know if it's going to happen this way. Why don't you sit up so I can play with your tits and check out your body at the same time."

"No problem. That was feeling great for me but whatever you need to get hard again I will try." Sloan said as she sat up keeping my cock buried deep inside of her. "Like this" She said after she had got adjusted and all. I said "Sort of." As I grabbed her knees pulling them up closer to me which I turned pushed her back more on her ass, which thrusted my cock deeper inside of her. The look on Sloan's face said it all that she was going to lose it soon. But her only verbal response was "oh ok."

When I didn't think it could get any better from me being deep Inside of her and one hand playing with her nipples while the other hand played with her clit she said, "this still isn't working. What if Ashley comes and joins us and you finger fuck her. Ashley would you be in for that?" 

Of course, Ashley was game for it and she had her pussy by my hand in seconds. About this time, both Sloan was getting ready to go. In fact I could tell that Sloan was on the verge. She looked down and me and nodded as her pussy tightened on my throbbing cock. She started to moan a little, take deep breaths. Then she let it go, she leaned back, let out a good oh fuck and collapsed on my chest. Ashley just looked at us. Sloan whispered that was awesome in my ear and then said to Ashley. Why don't you give it a try as she got up and showed Ashley that's he had been riding my cock.

The look on Ashley's face was priceless as she started to get on top of me. I looked at her and said "no way." Ashley started to protest but before she could get two words out I continued with "on your knees, please." Ashley smiled and got on her knees.

As Ashley got on her knees she started to ask questions about Sloan and l's fucking. I was having none of it. I needed a release and Ashley was it, she was going to get fucked. I got down behind her and slid my cock into her deep. I pushed her forward so her ass was up in the air and her face was down on the floor. I grabbed her beautiful red hair with one hand. With the other hand I got my thumb wet and stuck it in her ass. She was mine and I was going to fuck her. I started off slow and was getting a good pace going when Sloan came over and whispered something in my ear. Apparently, she wanted some of Ashley also. I nodded my head in agreement and watched as she walked around to Ashley's face, sat down in front of her and took Ashley's head in her hands and pushed it into her bald pussy. Ashley tried to fight it but gave up quickly and went to town on Sloan. By Sloan's reaction Ashley was very good at eating pussy. 

I continued at my slow pace until Sloan cummed one more time and then I started to pick up my pace. As I did, I relaxed my grip on her hair and pulled my thumb from her ass. Both hands went to her hips so I could pound into her. Shortly after that Ashley's tight pussy tighten more around my cock as she was starting to cum. She arched her back, grab the sheets where we were and let out a guttural moan and then she collapsed onto the mattress. As my cock slid out of her tight pussy it was enough to push me over the edge and I shot my load all over her back. 

I looked up at Sloan and she smiled and said "I got this." She bent down and shook her pussy in the air as she licked and sucked my cum off of Ashley's back. It was so damn hot, if I hadn't just shot my load I would have fucked her tight pussy again.  

As Sloan was cleaning Ashley up,I moved over to Ashley's mouth and had her clean my cock off. She licked and sucked the rest of the cum out of my cock. She looked up when she was half way done and said "not sure who tastes better you or me."

After we were all cleaned up, we all laid down on the makeshift bed, me in the middle and a girl under each arm. I was stroking their backs and they were taking turns playing with my very worn out cock. At some point we all fell asleep because I woke up a little later to find Sloan's hand wrapped around my cock and Ashley had rolled away from us. I quietly got out of bed and walked back to the bed room and got dressed replaying the nights adventures through my head again. I grabbed my phone from the draw we had all put them in. As I walked past the sleeping girls I was tempted to take a photo. I decided against it when I heard Ashley say "no need to. We all ready left you a couple photos when you got in the hot tub first. We wanted you to know what you missed out on. But I guess now you will have photos of what you enjoyed." She got up and walked me to the door. Stood on her tiptoes and gave me a quick peck on the cheek and said, "saying thank you seems weird to say. I really enjoyed it. I would say by the way you shot your loads you did to. See you later. Oh and happy new year!"

That it was.