 In 2005 Jack and I both changed jobs and it required we leave our city of 10 years move back to Tahoe. It was a bit sad, but it was a better opportunity for both of us.

I had become pretty good friends with my coworkers and they threw us a going away party. My boss, Jane, held it at her house. Jane had a seriously nice place. She had gotten her money through a combination of good real estate deals, investments and bad marriages (or good divorces). She was single but she lived in a 3 bedroom house with a huge backyard and a pool. She was about 40ish, 5'8", and a runner's build. Blonde hair, blue eyes, about a 32 chest, she was a sexy, tough, ambitious woman and fun to work with and fun to socialize with.

And she loved to entertain! She could throw a dinner party unlike any woman I've known. I had only worked with her about a year, but she threw a big shindig for my farewell. I think mostly because she liked throwing parties.

It was a really good time, about a total of 10 people came and I was very moved by their kindness. By the time the party had started to wind down, I was pretty buzzed. Ok, I was drunk. Not sloppy fall down drunk, but more than legally drunk for sure! Jack and I ended up being the last to leave. Jack had stopped drinking a few hours before we were ready to leave, so he was ok to drive. 

Jack and I were thanking Jane and getting ready to go. We were standing in her kitchen and goodbyes turned into more chatting and next thing we knew we were sitting at the table drinking more wine. Once the clock read Midnight Jane said we might as well just stay in her guest bedroom. Jack said he'd prefer that so he could start drinking again! 

Now, my memory gets a bit fuzzy here, but Jack says I'm the one that brought up sex toys as a topic of conversation but I remember Jane bringing it up. Either way, vibrators and dildos became the topic and Jane and I both felt we were experts! We discussed the finer points of different styles, latex vs. hard plastics, clitoral stimulants, etc., etc.

A couple times Jane looked at Jack and asked if he was uncomfortable. Jack just took another drink of Jack & Coke and said nope, he loved it! Jane and I started comparing types of orgasms and it was really starting to get hot. 

I never would have considered Jane a potential playmate solely because co-workers were always off limits to us. Plenty of co-workers of mine and Jack's we thought were attractive or sexy, but we never wanted to compromise our jobs. The more we talked about sex the more I realized Jane would've been perfect to play with. 

Jane excused herself, I assumed to go pee, and Jack looked at me and said "Damn, I'm hard as a diamond listening to you two. Let's go to her spare bedroom!"

I laughed and said "Let's wait for her to get back and show us to the room. It'd be rude to be gone when she got back!" Jack got up and walked to the counter to pour another drink for him and Jane walked into the entrance to the kitchen from the hallway and said "Do you have one of these?"

I looked up and Jane was standing in the doorway wearing a sports bra and a black harness with a long black dildo. My jaw dropped and Jack choked on his drink. I said "Why no, I do not have a long black dildo. I do have a harness and a nice thick dildo that fits in it or has a suction cup. And I have a nice purple, non-realistic style with a fat head. Perfect for prostate stimulation."

Jane smiled wide and laughed. "Let's cut to the chase. I doubt I'm offending anyone here based off the conversation we've been having, so, do you two wanna fuck? It's been better than a month since I've gotten laid and a damn long time since I've had a 3some, so what the hell?"

I guess I should have, but I didn't even bother looking at Jack before I answered. "Let's get naked!" was all I said. I heard Jack chuckle and I looked back and he made a "well let's go then" gesture and Jane said "Thank god you didn't get all oh, well I don't know on me!" and she turned and headed down the hallway. Jack grabbed a bottle of wine and a bottle of JD and we hurried down the hall. We didn't want Jane to get started without us!

Jane was turning on a TV in her bedroom and starting some porn as we entered. Jack set the bottles down on the dresser and came up behind and started kissing on my neck and fondling my tits. Jane turned around and saw what Jack was doing and came up to help. She walked up in front of me and started kissing me as she was pulling up my shirt. Her tongue was talented and I felt her dildo bumping against me as we kissed. Jack took off my bra after he and Jane got my shirt off and held my tits up to Jane as she moved from my face to my tits and began sucking on my nipples. Jack and her were working really well together! Jack held my tits up and Jane sucked on them as she started unzipping my jeans. She dropped down and pulled my pants down and Jack was kissing and nibbling on my neck as Jane tried getting my pants off. Only problem was I still had my sexy boots on, so we ran into a snag! 

Jane laughed and grabbed a chair for me so I sat down and started removing my boots. Jane walked over to Jack and started kissing him and helping him undress, Jack was kicking off his boots as Jane unbuttoned his shirt. Once I was out of my pants I got up and started undoing Jack's pants as Jane started sucking on his nipples. I had Jack's cock out and was sucking it when Jane dropped to her knees to help. Jane and I made Jack's dreams come true as we sucked on his dick and balls and worshipped his package. Jack's moans were sexy as hell and I knew he was loving life. Jane and I kept meeting at the head and kissing. I held Jack's cock and put it to Jane's lips and she looked me in the eyes as she sucked on his cockhead. Fucking sexy as hell!

We moved to the bed and Jane and Jack teamed up again to pleasure me orally. They took turns probing me with their tongues and mouths, working over my clit, pussy, ass and tits. I was being spoiled!

Jack guided Jane's dildo into me (she'd been wearing her strap on the entire time) and Jane fucked me with long deep strokes and Jack moved up so I could suck his cock. Jane fucked me and Jack fingered my clit until I came. By the time I did Jane had worked up a good sweat. Jack helped her out of her harness and sports bra and laid her on the bed next to me and began eating her out while I caught my breath.

Once I did I took my place next to Jack and we gave Jane the princess treatment and worked her over like I had been earlier. We rolled her over to her knees and I got underneath her and fingered her and licked her clit while Jack tongued her ass. Jane came loudly as I found her g spot. 

Jack slid off the bed and walked out. Jane collapsed on the bed and she and I laid there. She reached over and cupped my breast and smiled at me. "Damn, we should've done this sooner!" she said.

Jack came back carrying some bottles of water. "Found these in the fridge and thought we could all use some!" and handed us each a bottle. We all drank some and then Jane slid over towards the edge of the bed. Jack had his water bottle tipped up and was gulping some down when Jane took his still mostly hard cock into her mouth. Jack did well to not spit any water out! I watched as Jane lay on her back and slid jack's cock down her throat. I moved closer and loved watching Jack's cock slide into Jane's mouth. His ball sack rested on her nose as she worked on his cock. I leaned down and started licking and flicking her nipples. She let his cock pop free and started sucking his balls and I took the cue and took over her sucking duties. Jack moaned and I could tell by his breathing he was getting close to coming. I took my mouth away and stroked him and asked "Gonna come for you girls' baby?" He grunted and nodded. Jane let his balls go long enough to say she wanted a facial! I'm not into facials myself, but I wasn't about to deny our gracious host her request!

I sucked Jack some more and Jane took his balls back in her mouth. I knew Jack was getting ready and when he announced he was about to come I took his cock out and aimed at Jane as she let go of his balls with a pop and slid back out some. Jack shot a load like a pornstar and Jane loved getting hit with it! It hit mostly on her chin and lips but a little of it went everywhere! Jane laid there with her eyes closed, soaking in the moment (no pun intended). She thanked us and Jack laughed out loud. "Nooo, thank you!" he said.

Jack went to the master bath and grabbed a hand towel so Jane could clean up. We all sat on the bed, drinking water and passing the bottle of wine around. It wasn't long and Jane had her fingers inside me and Jack had his fingers inside her and I had my hands on Jack's cock. 

This all started late Friday night/early Saturday morning and went on until we finally left Sunday morning. It was great. We'd fuck, shower, suck, eat something, get out a new toy, shower. We probably went through a bottle lube by the time we left! Jack even took one of Jane's strapons as I sucked him off. That was a damn hot moment! 

We left Sunday morning after a nice breakfast. On the way home Jack said his nuts were like raisins and his dick might be broke at the hinge! I saw Jane at work Monday (I still had a week to go) and she was perfect. Acted as if nothing had happened and we did exchange a nice wicked grin with each other a couple times as we both walked a bit gingerly around the office. We didn't have the chance to play again before we moved. Jack and I would love to arrange a trip back to see her sometime and she has said she can't wait. MMMM, maybe I'll give her a call...