 This story is part of an ongoing series. The chronological order of my stories is now listed in WifeWatchman's biography.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, language and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.

Part 1 - Prologue

"This is Bettina Wurtzburg, KXTC Channel Two News!" shouted the redheaded reporterette from in front of City Hall at 7:00am, Monday, June 19th. "Channel Two News has learned that the wars between the musical empires of the late Jasmine Nix and the late 'Big Ice' continue to be fought on the streets of the Nation's cities!"

Bettina went on: "It is open warfare on the streets of Los Angeles, with seventeen killings in the past week attributed to the gang war. New York City has had four killings, while Miami has only had three deaths, but over thirty wounded. Police responding to these crimes are often targeted by gunfire themselves, requiring a show of force by heavily armored SWAT teams, which in turn exacerbates the overall situation, as Jasmine Nix was a leader in blaming Police for racism and brutality against People of Color.

"The FBI has issued a statement saying that they are looking into potential organized activity behind the bloodshed." continued Bettina. "However, they were quick to say that they do not believe any white supremacy organizations are behind the black-on-black violence. Channel Two News has learned that a major FBI operation wiped out several such white supremacy groups last week, after one of those groups attempted to murder the Deputy Director of the FBI."

"In State news," said Bettina, becoming considerably more excited about what she was saying, "the State Republican Party is deeply split and near open political warfare as Grassroots Conservatives circle the wagons around Governor Val Jared, accusing Establishment Republicans of betraying and deserting the Governor. The Conservatives, led by State Senator Perdue and State Representatives Billy Williams and Peter Long Cox, have issued a statement saying Val Jared has broken no laws, has not spent any money illegally, has not been racist in stating the truth that illegal immigrant take jobs away from black citizens. They accuse the Press of dishonest reporting, and Establishment Republicans of colluding with Establishment Democrats to sabotage the Governor and his Administration. Roll tape."

The tape showed Rep. Peter Long Cox of Nextdoor County as he said "The Establishments of both Parties work together to enhance their own power and rob the People of their Constitutional rights and freedoms! I call them the 'Uniparty Establishment', and they are working hard to undermine Governor Jared and the choice made by the Voters of the State last November!"

Back to Bettina: "But an overwhelming number of Social Justice groups have openly condemned Governor Jared for making what they call 'racist' statements, and for illegally arresting undocumented workers, which is the Federal Government's sole prerogative. In addition, the City's Governing Council and the Midtown City Council are believed to be working on local legislation to become Sanctuary Cities!"

Bettina went on: "Asked if the Town & County Council would declare our Town and County a Sanctuary County, Councilman Reginald B.F. Lewis said that there was not yet sufficient support for such a measure. Councilman Lewis also added that Police Commander Donald Troy, while fair in his dealings with the black community, is very much a law and order Police Commander who would not support any action the Council took to become a Sanctuary City."

"And in local news," Bettina said, "tomorrow is the deadline for entering the Town & County Triathlon on July 4th, which has become a huge tradition and popular event on our Nation's birthday. Defending Triathlon Champion Todd Burke did announce his partner for this year's event, and it is his fiancée Teresa Croyle, herself a former Triathlon Champion! And now let's go to Nick Eastwood for Sports. Nick!"

"Thank you, Bettina!" said the handsome young blonde stud as he appeared on screen in front of the University Athletic Complex. "The University has announced that the Bulldogs mascot, a white English bulldog named 'Chief III', has sired a new litter of puppies in the last month, including two males. One of these puppies is expected to take over the mantle of Bulldog mascot as 'Chief IV' sometime this upcoming season, as the reigning mascot is now over 12 years old and in declining health. As Bulldogs fans know, the youngest son of the old mascot takes over as the new one..."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Why do they call him 'Chief'?" I asked Cindy as we drank coffee in MCD.

"The University teams used to be called the 'Indians'." said Cindy. "The politically correct groups got all riled up about it, so they had a big vote of students and past athletic lettermen... and letter-women, of course. The Bulldog mascot was chosen, but in a defiant pushback against the whiners, they named the dog 'Chief'."

"Sort of like Auburn University." Teddy Parker said. "They are the 'Tigers', but during the Deep South's first game in 1892 against Georgia, an eagle landed on the field. Auburn won the game, and started yelling 'War Eagle!" after that. Their live mascot is an eagle...whose name is 'Tiger'."

"Cool." I said. "And that's one thing you Bulldogs have that we Wildcats don't: an extremely cool, good looking dog as your live mascot."

"You could always adopt a house cat as your Wildcat mascot." said Cindy. "Since they're just a bunch of pussy cats." Gasps filled the room, and Rudistan could not stop laughter from emitting from his perma-grinning face.

"Mr. Rudistan," I said, tapping my red crowbar in my hand, "someone apparently wants me to go all 'R. Lee Ermey' on her this morning. Have rookie officers ready with mops and buckets... to clean up the Canadian blood that is about to flow in here." More 'ooh's and 'aah's came from that.

"Send them to the boxing ring, Sergeant Rudistan." said Cindy, producing the green crowbar. "We shall settle this like Dogs and... Cats."

"You will be doing no such thinnnnng." growled the unmistakably gravelly voice of Police Chief Moynahan as he entered. "And that's because arranging for twin American-Canadian funerals requires more work than I want to dooooo." More laughter and howls broke out.

"God save the Queen." Cindy said. "But Chief, nothing is going to save the Wildcats on the football field this year."

"What do you say to that, Theo?" I asked Detective Washington.

"Me, sir? Nothing." replied Theo. "But my man Jamaal just might be that 'nothing' that saves the Cats... you know, sir, like last year." More howls and catcalls. Jamaal Washington was Theo's cousin, and had been on the receiving end of the now-famous 'Appletree-to-Washington' play that stepped on the University's face with a hobnail boot the previous season.

"Heh. Heh. Heh. Heh." laughed the Chief. "Must be a slow day today. Everyone get your paperwork done." He left the room.

Just then, Teresa Croyle entered, and several Detectives started clapping. "Kick ass in the Triathlon!" Christopher 'Pervert' Purvis said to her.

"Oh, you know we will." said Teresa. "But more importantly, Captain Ross is going to pick one of the Vice Detectives to be in charge of a portion of the security deployment, since I'll be in the race. Captain Ross, who are you picking?"

"Hmmm," said Cindy, looking around. "I think I'll choose..."

Part 2 - Political Courses and Discourses

"Okay, Mr. Crowbarrr," said the Chief as Deputy Chief Harlow and I sat in his office at 8:45am, "what is going on with our Police Force?"

"No real problems with racial issues." I said. "We've kept up a presence on the south side, especially in the Tenderloin District, but T-Square himself is the one who's put out the word to maintain calm while everyone else tears themselves apart. Our plan for the Fourth of July is set and being practiced already; the only new wrinkle there is that P. Harvey Eckhart is throwing a huge picnic in the evening at the Fairgrounds, and will sponsor a huge fireworks show, so we've planned for appropriate security and fire watch there."

"Good." said the Chief. "Ms. Harlow, are you set with the logistics for the festivities?"

"Yes, Chief." said Della. "I did have one... strange... request from Captain Croyle, though. She wants schedule all of my people refresher training on crowd control and riot control. She asked me if she could schedule them in groups, so as not to disrupt my operations."

"Is that a problem?" asked the Chief.

"Uh, it could be, sir." said Della. "They're really not trained for such things. And I know Commander Troy will say that Captain Croyle's request was his request through her, but should he have not come to me himself?"

"I could have." I said. "But I like my Captains taking the initiative. She was respectful in her request, was she not?"

"Yes." said Della. "But it should've come through... proper channels."

"We-elll," said the Chief, "that's a point. We'll handle that better next time. In the meantime, I like the idea of getting your people some refresher training. Most of your people have not had tactical training of any kind since the Police Academy, and there could come a time when the numbers count and we'll need them."

The Chief continued: "And by the way, Commander Harlow, that goes for you, too. Should, perish forbid, something happen to both me and the Police Commander at the same time, you would be in command of the Police Force. You should get some practice leading your people as basic, regular Police Officers. Crowbars not included, of course."

Della looked stunned, and a bit squeamish. I don't think she'd really thought about this before now.

"Okay, we'll talk of that later." said the Chief. "Mr. Crowbar, you are wanted in Westphalia today?"

"Yes sir." I said. "And your Operations and Detective Captains, as well. The Governor is giving his SBI reorganization speech, and we're naming names in leadership positions for the new SIS group. We also have a suprise for someone, which is why Ross and Croyle are going with me."

"Heh. Heh. Heh. Heh." chuckled Moynahan. "I love your surprises... sometimes. Okay, if that's all---"

"Chief, may I speak freely?" asked Della. We were both surprised.

"By all means." said the Chief.

"I would like to recommend to Commander Troy that he has nothing to do with Governor Val Jared." said Della. "Jared is a racist, and I believe his actions regarding the SBI may be illegal. His filth could stain you, Don, when the shit starts hitting the fan. I advise you, for the good of the TCPD as well as yourself, to disassociate yourself from him."

The Chief was open-mouthed, so stunned was he. I was less stunned, but was definitely surprised.

"I'll take that under advisement." I said, holding my temper. "But I don't think Jared is a racist, and everything I'm doing to help restructure the SBI is perfectly legal, and will help make it and all law enforcement in this State better."

"Commander," said Della, pressing it, "Jared's statements about blacks, and his actions towards Hispanic immigrants is shameful. The sooner he's impeached and run out of the Governor's Mansion, the better we will all be. I don't want to see you and your brilliant career damaged by association with that man."

"Since we're speaking freely," I said, my eyes boring into Della, "let me make sure we're straight on the facts. First, not all Illegal Immigrants are Hispanic. Second, illegal immigrants, not legal ones, but illegal ones, are breaking the law just by being here illegally. And third, you've been trying like hell to smear my Detective, Teddy Parker, for your interpretation of his political views, and you've all but slandered him by insinuating he's a racist... and now you come out with this political diatribe based on factual falsehoods against the duly and legally elected Governor of this State?"

I just shook my head. "Chief, I think it would be a good idea if I get on my way to Westphalia. If you'll excuse me?" 

"By all means, Commander." said the Chief. "Meanwhile, I will be continuing this frank discussion of philosophical ideas with the Deputy Chief..."

I got out, very glad that I was not the Deputy Chief right now...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"She said what?!" asked Teresa, who was sitting in the backseat of my Police SUV as we rode towards Westphalia. Cindy was also in the back seat, and Chief Griswold was riding shotgun. He was also dozing.

"You heard me." I said. "I'm telling you guys just so you know what she's thinking. I was pretty stunned at her comments, especially about the Governor."

"Wow." said Cindy. "Look, I understand, and from a unique perspective, that people have different feelings about immigration, legal and illegal, and all the issues surrounding it. And I've long known Harlow leans to the political Left. But to say that about the Governor... that's just wrong."

"A lot of people hate that man," observed Teresa, "just because he won when he wasn't supposed to."

"Yes." I said. "But I think Harlow goes beyond that. Since that situation with Parker, she's been on a tear about things. And a hypocrite, as well. Also, I happen to know she's had lunch with Malinda Adams three times, and Jenna Stiles twice."

"What does Jenna have to do with any of this?" asked Cindy.

"Genera political considerations." I said. "Maybe Della is going to run for political office. Or do something in conjunction with Jenna."

"Harrumph." growled Griswold, waking up and now fully sitting upright. "No, Crowbar... for all your abilities, sometimes you're too much on the straight and narrow path to see some of the political slime on the edges of that path. Harlow doesn't like the Governor, for damn sure. But she also doesn't like what you're doing with the SBI. I think she wants the SBI to be in charge of us, not just assisting... and she could well be angling for a position in that 'strong' SBI."

"Hell, Chief, she's an administrator. Beans and bullets. That's what she's good at." I said. "And we pay as good as the SBI does in all things logistics and admin."

"She's now an administrator in the bureaucratic sense." said the Chief. "As you could and should be, but we can't tame you." That got a chuckle out of both Cindy and Teresa, then the Chief continued: "I think Harlow would love an upper admin job with the SBI. If you ever find out she's meeting with State Senator Katherine Woodburn and/or Regional Director Harold Bennett, then we'll know for sure."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

(Author's note: Gotta lay some groundwork. Thanks for your patience.)

It was a nearly 'all hands on deck' meeting to hear the Governor's speech at the Westphalia Hilton Conference Center, which was near SBI Headquarters. Cindy and Teresa were in their Duty Dress uniforms, with jackets and the various metal-bordered rectangles over their right jacket pockets, and thin light-blue piping on the wrists.. Cindy was wearing pants with thick light-blue piping down the side, and Teresa was wearing a skirt, which had no piping. And Cindy had the green crowbar with her.

I was wearing my light gray suit with a black pullover mock-turtleneck, the girdle on underneath, and light armor sewn into the jacket. I also had my SBI Reserve Inspector badge on my black leather belt. And, of course, the red crowbar.

Chief Griswold was wearing a dark blue suit, white collared shirt, and a true-blue, TCPD-insignia-woven-in tie.

We were allowed into the 'VIP' Parking lot, and found our marked place to park, and we went into the building. As we checked in through security, which surprisingly gave us no guff about the crowbars, an aide to the Governor said "Chief Griswold! I'm here to take you and your party to the Governor."

"By the way, Teresa," I said quietly as we walked down the hallway, "we're about to introduce you to the Governor. How do you feel about him? Should I have the crowbar ready?... to defend him?"

Teresa gave what was for her a smile and said "I'm a political atheist. No worries between him and me."

We were led into a small room whose back door led to the stage of the large conference room everyone would be in. Inside the room were the Governor and some of his aides, Lieutenant Governor Graham Collins, State Senator Sean Stockton, SBI Director Tom Collins, SBI Inspector Britt Maxwell, SBI Lieutenant and State Lab Director Tanya Perlman, FBI Special Agent in Charge Jack Muscone, SBI Agents Norm Chow and Ted Orosco, Regional Directors Harold Bennett and Robert Gaston, and Security. It was a crowded, almost chaotic room... a microcosm of Politics and politicians.

Chief Griswold led the way to the Governor, who received us happily. As he shook our hands, I said "Governor, may I present Captain Teresa Croyle?"

"Ah, yes, Captain Croyle." said the Governor. "I've heard so many wonderful things about you and your heroism in the past few months."

"Thank you, Governor." Teresa said simply as she shook his hand.

After introductions all the way around, I managed to get near Tanya Perlman and Jack Muscone. "What brings you two here?" I asked.

"We were 'invited', and in the Japanese sense." said Tanya. "So I followed my orders and came on over."

"They invited me, too, but I'm not sure why." said Jack. "Maybe they're going to give you some kind of award, Don."

"Or give you matches to fulfill your 400 year old dream." I said. "Some of the people in this room do not like me at all."

"Gaston is a holdover from the past." said Tanya. "But I don't know who else wouldn't like you."

"Lieutenant Governor Collins." I said. "Very 'Establishment' Republican. Hates the Governor, hates the Grassroots. Big friend of Wilson Hammonds. Very pro-immigration, because the U.S. Chamber of Commerce paid for his political ads and he's in their clutches. And if Governor Jared can be driven out, he becomes Governor."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

We went out into the main conference room. To the right of the stage, as one faces it, were two rows of chairs. Conlan, Maxwell, myself, Chow, Orosco, and Ross were in the front row, while Griswold, Collins, Stockton, Bennett and Gaston were in the second row. Tanya was next to me in her wheelchair, and Muscone was on the front row of the main audience, which consisted of SBI Agents, Sheriffs, Police Chiefs, and political attendees. The Press was excluded from this speech, but I was 'reassured' they'd be admitted later.

The Governor took to the podium. "Thank you for coming, everyone." he said. "I am here to formally announce the new SBI structure, as well as introduce some of the people that will be making these concepts happen, starting July 1st. This new structure will help local Law Enforcement solve crimes, and will fill in gaps where needed."

"First," started the Governor, "the SBI Reserve program is still officially in place, but is not being used as much nor in quite the same way as in the past. Rather than have permanent Reservists who are called up when requested or needed, any vetted and qualified local LEO can be made into a Reservist when needed. The original law allows for this, and the new law shores it up. This was done already when Detective Theo Washington of the TCPD was called up to help investigate the Jasmine Nix murder."
