 My girlfriend Chelsea is about 5'8, 140 pounds, just a little thick, with a huge set of tits, and a nice round butt. She has dark brown hair and steel grey eyes. I have been with her for around 4 years, and we have been each others' first for a lot of things. I took her virginity, therefore feeling an extremely connected sense of protection for her. This is why I was at first extremely confused with the fact that the thought of her with another guy turned me on more than anything ever has. 

Her and me with another guy fucking her at the same time, her with two guys and me watching or joining in, hell, even just her fucking some other random guy turned me on to no extent. I first discovered this one night when we were having sex, and we started talking dirty to each other. I told her how I wanted to stick my dick in her mouth while her best friend ate her pussy, and she loved that. When it was her turn I asked her if she'd been being dirty at work, she worked at a restaurant as a hostess. She said she had and that I'd probably be mad if I knew. She told me a story about how this waiter at the restaurant Al. had been hitting on her for weeks, but she had been telling him she had a boyfriend. But lately he had been getting really explicit with his flirting, and she admitted it had been making her wet while she was hosting. 

Eventually, closing time came one night when Al, and a cook at the restaurant, Brian, asked to walk Chelsea to her car. While walking through the parking lot both Al and Brian started talking about how they wanted to eat her pussy until she came multiple times. By the time the three of them got to her car, Chelsea said she was soaking wet and lost all of her intuitions when she threw herself on Al, shoving her tongue down his throat. Not long after, she dropped to her knees in between the two, and began stroking their dicks through their pants. Brian was the first to make a move when he unzipped his pants and let his rather large hard cock flop out into Chelsea's waiting hand. Al was soon to follow, but instead of letting it fall to her hand, Al took his cock directly from his hand to Chelsea's full, pink lips and wet tongue. She took his cock into her mouth slowly until his balls were resting on her chin. She pulled his stiff rod out of her mouth and licked it sideways, all the while still rubbing Brian's dick inches from the other side of her face. She turned to share attention, but went straight for Brian's shaved balls. She took both of his balls into her mouth and sucked lightly, making him scream out in ecstasy. He then placed both of his hands on the back of her head and began fucking her throat. Chelsea said she had no control over this and it made her legs shake. She thrust two fingers into her soaking pussy and began hand fucking herself while sucking these two random guys off. Brian didn't take long and pulled out of her mouth and began jacking himself off, pointing his cock at Chelsea's open mouth. She turned to swallow Al's much larger dick, who looked like he was about to burst as well. 

Brian started moaning louder, and as soon as Chelsea turned her head Brian erupted, shooting a long thick stream of cum into her mouth, with another hitting her bottom lip and dripping down her chin. He then began to rub his cock on her mouth and face, spreading his jizz all over her innocent beautiful face. Al had taken all he could at this point and started moaning loudly and beating his cock faster. He forcefully grabbed her head and shoved his cock to the very back of his throat and emptied his nuts, overflowing her little mouth with hot sticky cum. Chelsea, with her hand still buried in her snatch, began to orgasm at this time as well. She threw her head back and had what she calls "the sluttiest orgasm of her life". 

Hearing all this from my innocent, prude, sweet girlfriend had my cock harder than I ever could have imagined. That night we had the best sex of our lives, and it got my mind racing with dirty, implicit thoughts. 

The dirty talking continued and grew dirtier, and still, I had no idea if she was just talking dirty to turn me on, or if this was her dirty, slutty way of confessing some acts of infidelity to me. Either way, it turned me on more than anything ever has, just thinking my girlfriend was a complete tramp. The dirty talk turned into potential threesome situations before too long. One night I suggested she let my best friend James and I take turns fucking her. This seemed to multiply her horniness, so I continued on, confessing that I thought about this situation quite a few times already while alone in bed jacking off. She said that she'd had a sex dream about the same situation, and that she'd wanted James' cock since she met him, she could just never tell me. 

It wasn't long till me and James got drunk enough at a poker night for me to bring it up to him. Turns out James had always had his eye on my girlfriend too. So we planned a potential scenario for how we could execute this. The best part was, Chelsea still had no idea.

On the night of our 2 years anniversary, Chelsea and I went out for dinner, drinks and dancing. Both of us a few beers deep, we were a little drunk coming home. I text messaged James in the car "Lets do it, I can only fuck one hole at a time!" Not to my surprise, James was waiting for us in the driveway. We went inside and poured drinks, and all moved to the living room and relaxed on the couches. I told Chelsea she should put on some music and she stood up and walked to the stereo across the room. Jamie and I followed her with our hungry eyes. She had changed into her "comfy" clothes once we got home, a white wife beater with no bra, and a short pair of cotton shorts that almost exposed her luscious ass. She chose a rap song "I'm in love with a stripper" and began dancing to the beat as soon as the song came on. She made her way over to me slowly, and began giving me a lap dance. 

I could see James transfixed on her body with a horny look on his face. She turned around and straddled me and began grinding on my cock. I squeezed her soft tits and she rolled her eyes and threw her head back, letting out a soft moan. I leaned up and whispered in her ear:"lets not let Jamie get too lonely over there, go keep him company!" she looked at me with a look of surprise and excitement. She dismounted me and walked over to James with an excited grin on her face. She straddled him facing him and lowered her crotch onto his hard cock poking out from his pants, which he had by now undone to free his penis from restraint. He slid her tank top up, exposing her amazing tits and hard nipples, while she kissed him deep and hard. She was now grinding him full speed and both of them were moaning loudly. I pulled my cock from my pants and began stroking it, watching the scene unfolding before me. 

Chelsea climbed off of James with a flustered look on her face, and got to her knees in between the two of us. She grabbed both of our cocks in each hand, and began rubbing them in sync. She took mine deep in her mouth, her eyes rolling in the back of her head. Jamie moved behind her, sliding her shorts down and working a finger into her wet cunt. She moaned with my cock in her mouth as James began finger fucking her. Chelsea pulled my cock out of her mouth long enough to turn back at James and yell "fuck my pussy mother fucker! " James didn't need telling twice, and slid his cock into Chelsea's waiting lips. Her eyes disappeared in ecstasy as he buried his shaft in my girlfriend's cunt. 

It wasn't long before Chelsea pulled his cock out of her pussy and climbed up and straddled my cock, quickly taking it deep in her snatch. She humped on my dick and leaned her asshole up towards James. She had never let me get in her ass, but tonight who knows what could happen. Jamie spit down on his cock to lubricate the head, and stepped forward to slowly work his dick into my girlfriend's virgin asshole. She was now full on screaming, as James worked himself 7 inches deep into her asshole. Chelsea had a cock all the way in her pussy, and one working its way deep into her ass, and she loved it. 

She rode us this way for a while until we were all showing signs of fatigue. She leaned back and said how she knew her pussy could handle two cocks at once. I looked at James and he nodded, with an excited look on his face. He pulled out of her ass slowly and gently worked his cock against mine into her tight, soaking pussy. This is what Chelsea needed to send her over the edge and she began to come immediately, screaming at both of us to fuck her deeper. 

Jamie and I continued thrusting at her insides until James began moaning louder and louder. He pulled his cock out of Chelsea's cunt and stood up until his cock was staring her in the face. He rubbed it hard until he shot a huge load of cum all over her C cup tits. She reached up immediately and began rubbing it in all over her chest and face. This brought me over the edge, but when I went to pull out; Chelsea latched on to me and told me to fill her dirty pussy with cum. I followed orders and blasted my load deep in her snatch. I kept fucking her like this for a while, while James watched and jerked off. By the time we all finished we were exhausted and passed out before we even got a chance to recap and talk. 

Since that night we haven't had any other actual experiences with other people, but I can't wait until I get her just horny enough around the right dude. I know what my slutty girlfriend is capable of.