 One night my girlfriend, Chelsea, and I were working out at the gym until near closing time. By the time we decided to leave we were almost the last people in the whole place. On the way out we usually go into our respective locker rooms to get our things and then meet in the middle. While in the men's locker room I noticed the group of guys that were the last few guys working out upstairs, and the same guys I thought I noticed my girlfriend glancing at several times, to my chagrin. They all seemed like the type of guys she would find attractive and since they were all prancing around naked I got this totally perverted idea, one totally unlike myself and one, which perversely, seemed to excite me at the time. I approached one of the two guys in the locker area and struck up a conversation. His name was Tom and he seemed like an OK guy. I asked him if he'd seen my girlfriend and me upstairs. He said that he had. I told him that she was somewhat reserved but that she had always fantasized about watching guys masturbate. "Her fantasy is to have a bunch of guys stand around her in a circle and masturbate on her." He got this sly smile and I could tell he was thinking about the possibilities. I asked him if he thought he and his friends would be interested in putting on a show for her. Hell, the way these guys walked around naked I wouldn't be surprised if they wouldn't mind just putting on a show for each other! His friend was listening intently and was obviously interested as his hand kept straying to his dick, which was starting to look somewhat engorged already. Tom said to wait a minute and went into the shower area, where his buddies were taking showers. A minute later he came back in and said, "Bring her in!" I said OK but told him they all had to agree not to touch her unless she initiated it. He said they would. 

Back in the hallway I met my girlfriend and told her what just happened and asked her if she wanted to go in. She looked a little indignant at first and hesitated but I told her that they had all agreed not to touch her and anyway, how better to indulge her favorite fantasy. She thought for just a second and then said "OK, what the hell!" I led her in and the same two guys, Tom and Joe, were in the locker area, each wearing only a towel around the waist. There was one of those padded workout benches that they had dragged out into the middle of the room and they were standing off to the side. Tom looked up and said, "There she is! Come on in and have a seat," indicating the bench. I told her to just enjoy herself and that she didn't have to do a damn thing, but that she could do whatever she felt like. I told her I would just watch from the other side of the room and make sure she was OK. She seemed a little nervous at first but she sat down and kind of averted her eyes from the guys and looked toward me.

Tom and Joe had dropped their towels and were beginning to stroke themselves. They were obviously excited about jerking off in front of my hot girlfriend since they were already getting hard. Chelsea watched them as they stood there, one on each side of the bench a few feet away from her. She looked flushed and was starting to breath harder as they took a step toward her. She watched intently and it was obvious by the way her body squirmed ever so slightly that she was getting excited. Her hand went automatically to her crotch as she watched the guys stroke their now fully erect cocks just a few feet away from her.

She looked at me and I nodded as if to tell her to relax and enjoy, and I indicated that she should take off her clothes. She looked back at the guys slowly stroking themselves and began to take off her own clothes. She took off everything but her socks and then lay back flat on the bench with her head tilted slightly back on one end of the bench and her legs slightly spread on the other end, one foot on the floor on either side of the bench. Her left hand cupped one of her breasts and her right hand went to her pussy, which was looking shiny and wet now.

The guys each stepped forward until they were standing right next to her side, their huge cocks projecting out over her body. She looked as if she was practically in a dream as she stroked her pussy and watched them beat themselves off above her.

Just then two more guys, Sean and Jim, walked in from the shower area wearing just towels. They didn't waste any time and walked right over, dropping their towels and edging in beside Tom and Joe. As they started to stroke themselves over her groin, Tom and Joe moved up and began to hold their cocks over her face as they jerked off, sometimes pointing their dicks down at her mouth. I had told them not to touch her or come on her face, but I wasn't entirely sure they were going to keep their word at this point, but it was up to her now and she didn't seem to mind. By this time all four guys were stroking their hard cocks around her, one on each side of her face and one on each side of her belly, I could imagine them coming all over her at any moment and felt excited for her.

Just then another guy, Mark, came in from the shower. He walked over naked and stood above her head and began to stroke himself as well. Mark was tall and well built, and very well endowed. As he stroked himself he stood almost straddling her head with his dick pointing down the length of her body, occasionally pointing his cock down to within inches of Chelsea's mouth. When he did she would tilt her head back and look up at him, her lips parting ever so slightly. It was as if he were testing her to see if she would take him in her mouth. Mark seemed to be sort of the leader of the pack and the other guys were watching intently to see what he would do. By now they were all beating off furiously and appeared as though they would come at any minute. Then Mark hunkered down and pointed his cock at Chelsea's mouth and began to barely rub the head his dick in the space between her parted lips as he stroked his shaft with his hand. She didn't resist and he just kept rubbing himself with his cock positioned right over her now open mouth. She looked like she wanted him inside her mouth now but he just kept it there over her face as if her were going to beat himself off and squirt his come right down her throat while maintaining his word not to touch her or come on her face.

I didn't think there was this many guys left in the place when one more, Travis, came walking in from the shower, naked and using a towel to blot the water off his body. He walked right up and dropped the towel on the floor, taking up his place between Chelsea's legs. He was straddling the end of the bench and began stroking his cock over her pussy as she rubbed herself. As he edged in closer his legs brushed the insides of Chelsea's thighs, causing her to spread her legs further. 

Just then Jim began to moan and jerk off faster as he looked down and watched himself masturbating. Streams of sperm began to spurt out of his cock and onto Chelsea's belly, and across her arm. As the last few drops of hot cum were dripping onto her, she moved her hand up and began spreading it around on her tummy and over her pussy.

This must have done it for Sean because he now began to ooze cum too. He pointed his cock down at her belly spraying his sperm all over her hand and tummy as she flicked her fingers across her clit with ever increasing speed.

She was totally engrossed in the whole scene now and reached up with her left hand and grabbed onto Tom's balls and pulled him in closer. Tom kept beating his shaft as she began to tug on his scrotum, trying to pull him down toward her face as she arched and tilted her head back and opened her mouth even wider, inviting Mark to ram his cock down her throat. Mark was now inserting just the head of his penis into Chelsea's mouth and Tom was pointing his cock at her face, barely an inch from the corner of her mouth. She tugged at Tom's balls until the head of his cock rubbed up against the side of her cheek as Mark's dick slid in and out of her mouth. Joe now edged in closer and began to hold his penis down, rubbing it around on her other cheek, pushing the tip of his head into the corner of her mouth as he stroked himself slowly. It looked like they were all three going to try to push their dicks into her mouth at the same time but she didn't seem to mind so I just watched, my groin aching.

Mark began to move his groin up and down now, sliding his cock deeper and deeper into Chelsea's mouth every time he lowered himself, all the while using his hand to hold his dick down in her mouth. As he began to fuck her mouth more vigorously, Tom and Joe were forced to back up a few inches but they kept their cocks pointing at her face, beating themselves off just inches away.

By now Mark was practically shoving his cock down her throat and Tom and Joe were beating off faster and faster. It was obvious that something was about to give. Chelsea was now writhing on the bench, rubbing her pussy furiously with her right hand and squeezing Tom's balls with her left until it looked like it would hurt.

Suddenly Joe flung his head back and moaned, a long thick string of white cum streaming out of his dick hitting Chelsea squarely on the corner of her mouth and dripping down her chin and neck. Then another pulsating squirt of Joe's cum sprayed out over her lips as Mark slid his cock in and out of her mouth. Joe took a step backward as he finished jerking off, cum dripping from his dick. Chelsea now reached up and took Mark's cock in her own hand, guiding it down into her mouth as she pulled Tom's cock closer. Tom's dick barely touched her face before he exploded, squirting cum directly into the corner of her mouth and spraying out over her lips and cheek. He stood up now and pulled back, another stream of sperm spraying out onto her hand and face as she beat Mark's cock into her mouth.

Tom then stepped back leaving just Mark, straddling her face and Travis jerking off between her legs as the other guys stood off to the side watching. Travis was now beating off faster, pushing himself against the inside of Chelsea's thighs, forcing her to spread her legs wide, her open pussy right below his hard cock.

Just as Travis looked like he was getting ready to cum, Mark leaned forward and gripped the bench on either side of and beneath Chelsea's waist, and began to hump her face, shoving his cock down her throat as she held his shaft with both hands now. His cock was too long to go more than halfway into her mouth but he fucked her face without concern, repeatedly forcing himself into the back of her throat and pulling all the way out until the head of his penis was visible at her lips. He fucked her like this for about a minute and then stood up. Just as he did so, Travis edged in closer and raised himself up, a long string of thick white cum spraying from his dick up toward her face, making a line of cum from her chest down to her pubic hairs. He pressed hard against the inside of her thighs as he continued to stroke himself and another long spurt of cum sprayed out onto her mouth and chin, stringing down across her breasts.

Mark was now straddling her face as he stroked himself the rest of the way off, spurting a long, thick spray of cum down into Chelsea's open mouth and onto her lips. He stood there and continued to rub his cock as the last few drops of sperm dripped onto her face. He then leaned over and slid his penis back into her mouth and began to hump her face again. As he shoved his cock deep into her throat, sperm flowed out of the corners of her mouth and dripped down the sides of her face as he continued to slide in and out of her mouth. After using her mouth like this for a few more seconds he pulled his now partly flaccid dick out and began slapping it on her lips, cum stringing between his dick and her mouth.

Chelsea lay there rubbing cum around on her body as Mark rubbed his cock around on her face, her right hand straying back to her pussy. She spread her legs for all to see as she parted her lips and flicked her fingers across her clit. As supercharged as she was she came hard and deep and lay moaning with her eyes closed as she finished satisfying herself. 

She sat up then and looked at me with an embarrassed look, cum dripping off her face. I nodded for her to get up and without a word she followed me over to the shower where she got under the hot water and washed off as I undressed and got in beside her. There was a minute of awkwardness as neither of us new exactly how to feel. Watching the whole scene unfold had excited me but I never really wanted to share my woman with anyone and now I didn't know whether to feel excited, or hurt and jealous; but then she squatted down and began sucking on my cock as I thought back to the scene that had just unfolded. It was only a minute before I was squirting my own cum down her throat.