 Sarah moaned softly as she thrust the vibrating dildo in and out of her sopping cunt, using her other hand to tweak her nipples just hard enough to be a little bit painful. The humming of the motor was loud in the silence of her room, the buzzing against her swollen clit bringing her to ecstasy again and again as she fucked herself with her favorite toy. She hadn't been this horny in ages - maybe ever - and she couldn't believe the day that had led her to nearly an hour of nonstop masturbation. Trying to calm down a little so that her next orgasm would come more slowly, she relaxed and let her mind wander back to the events that had brought her to this point... 

*****

Sarah hurried down the empty hallway toward her first period class. Her heels clicked against the linoleum floors with every step, the height of her pumps preventing her from taking the longer strides she normally preferred. She clutched her textbook to her chest and once again cursed the driver who had decided to run a red light right in front of her, delaying her arrival with an accident whose only casualty (fortunately, she supposed) was her punctuality.

The shoulder bag she habitually carried bumped against her hip, hitching the navy, knee-length skirt she was wearing a little bit higher up her leg, threatening to reveal the lacy trim of her thigh-highs. She would have tugged it back down, but she utterly detested being late, and she didn't want to delay her arrival any further. Finally she reached the door to her AP chemistry classroom and tugged it open, slipping inside.

With cheeks doubly reddened by exertion and embarrassment, she scanned the room. Her usual seat was occupied by Peter Nelson, an insufferable teacher's pet who did everything he possibly could to prove that he was a genius and that she was inadequate. He graced her with a smirk from his newly acquired place. She sighed, realizing that her only option was a seat at the one lab table in the very back row, flanked by two members of the boys' soccer team whose presence in the class continued to bewilder her. Even now they were engaged in conversation rather than paying attention to the teacher.

"Sorry, Mr. Schneider," she said, handing him her tardy slip marked "excused" as she turned and walked briskly toward the back of the room.

Mr. Schneider murmured some sort of assent and resumed his explanation of the lesson, blanketing the board with orbital diagrams and complicated chemical equations.

Sarah slid onto her stool, smoothing her skirt underneath her as she perched the balls of her feet on the little bars on either side of the stool near the bottom. She dropped her shoulder bag to the floor beside her. Pulling a notebook and pencil out of the bag, she tucked her shoulder-length brown hair behind her ears, and tried to copy as much of what was covering the board as quickly as possible.

"Well, well, well, look at this, Rob. Sarah Martin was actually late to a class." The low, smooth baritone came from her right, drawing her attention away from the molecule she was replicating in her notes.

"That can't be right, Nate. The Sarah Martin I know hasn't been late to class since before we started high school." This rejoinder, offered in even deeper tones, floated over her left shoulder.

Sarah put the finishing touches on her last equation, noting that Mr. Schneider had paused in his explanation and was now engaging in a spirited debate with Peter about the accuracy of his diagramming. She decided she could safely ignore both of them and risked a glance from the corner of her eye to one side and then the other.

Robert Thompson and Nathan Powers had been best friends as long as she'd known either of them, which was nearly twelve years now. They had all attended Franklin Sanders Prep since first grade, and she had watched them grow from a pair of six-year-old troublemakers into a pair of bigger, eighteen-year-old troublemakers. They rarely did any work, so far as she knew, and they were constantly finding ways to get irritate their teachers and amuse their classmates. Still, everyone seemed to like them, including the faculty, and they were, of late, the utter darlings of the school for having led the varsity soccer team to a league championship against their biggest rival. And, of course, all the girls thought they were both ridiculously hot - including Sarah, although she would have died before admitting it out loud to anyone.

Rob was tall and somewhat lanky, with the unjustly good looks of a young man who has been blessed with the best features from both a beautiful Latina mother and a handsome English father. He had thick brown hair that was kept fairly short, a wide smile framed by dimples, and dark brown eyes that always seemed to be laughing. He was currently leaning on one elbow and doodling boxes around his diagram of sodium chloride.

On her other side, Nate was shading in triangles at the corners of his paper, leaning carelessly against the file cabinet that stood beside their table. His honey-blond hair curled around his ears and fell over his forehead, brushing long eyelashes that surrounded hazel eyes, which, she suddenly realized, were fixed firmly on her.

"Not only that, Rob, but she's not even paying attention to Schneider's ramblings. In fact," he paused, and leaned behind her to whisper conspiratorially, pressing the hard contours of his chest against her side, "I think she's checking us out."

Sarah inhaled sharply through her nose and immediately began balancing the reaction that had appeared on the board while she was pondering her tablemates, eyes focused on her notebook.

Rob shifted his weight so that he was now leaning on his right elbow, pressing his shoulder against hers to look over her paper. The cuff of his polo shirt scraped against her arm, and his hair brushed against her temple.

"I don't think so Nate," he remarked, "she's still keeping up with all these stupid redox reactions that Schneider's covering for the third time this week."

Sarah flushed, trying not to squirm underneath their touch. The pressure of their bodies against her was doing funny things to her stomach and giving her visions of other interesting ways they could sandwich her between them. She felt her panties start to dampen as her fantasy self bounced up and down on Rob's cock while Nate took her ass from behind. 

Good Lord. She mentally shook herself out of her daydream and decided she would ignore them, rather than trying to convince them that she hadn't been ogling them or fantasizing about them fucking her into oblivion.

Nate plopped his chin onto her right shoulder and boldly moved her right hand back from the calculation she was working out. His curls tickled her cheek.

"Nah, she's definitely off her game right now. She used the wrong constant to calculate delta H."

Sarah pulled her hand out of his grasp. "I most certainly did not!" she whispered fiercely.

"Shhh," Rob chided her, his breath warm against her ear, "Schneider'll hear you. And you totally did. You used the one for calories instead of the one for joules."

She froze. Was this really happening right now? Robert Thompson and Nathan Powers were critiquing her chemistry notes - she looked down - and they were right? Daydreaming about getting double-teamed by the two hottest guys in school was clearly clouding her mind.

Nate plucked the pencil out of her hand, erased the last two numbers she had written, and re-did the calculation. He circled his final answer with a flourish. "There," he said smugly. "That is what you should have gotten."

She narrowed her grey-blue eyes at him and held out her hand for the pencil. He handed it back to her with a slight nod of his head.

"So sorry for distracting you, Sarah," he mock-apologized with a smirk, "I know you would normally have done it perfectly." He dropped his hand to his lap but did not lean back from where his chest was flush against her upper arm.

Rob touched her left hand, which was still splayed over the corner of her notebook. She twitched, startled by the interruption.

"Relax, Sarah, we've basically had the same lesson every day this week. It's not like you're missing anything by slumming it back here with the two of us just this once." 

She turned to retort and found herself staring into his warm brown puppy-dog eyes and apologetic smile. Her planned remark stalled on the tip of her tongue.

He stroked his thumb over the veins of her hand, slowly tracing the bluish lines. She could feel little shivers running up her arm from the delicate contact. She opened her mouth again to say something - she wasn't sure what, but it was definitely going to be sharp, and witty, and—

Nate's hand pressed against the top of her right knee and began inching its way up the inside of her thigh.

She yelped.

"Miss Martin, did you want to share something with the class?" Mr. Schneider had apparently heard her.

"No sir," she replied shakily, "I just, uh, dropped my pencil."

"All right then," he replied, already having turned back to the board to resume his explanation.

By this time Nate's hand, which had not ceased its movement up her leg, had reached the middle of her thigh and was now exploring the pattern in the lace at the top of her stocking.

"What the fuck do you think you're doing?" she hissed, turning to face him.

"Rob," he said quietly, completing ignoring her angry words and expression, "you will not believe this. Sarah effing Martin is wearing thigh highs with her fuck-me pumps today."

Her mouth fell open. She felt Rob tense beside her, his hand going still on top of hers. She wasn't sure what the most astonishing thing about this entire situation was - the way they were touching her, the fact that Nathan Powers had noticed her footwear, or how wet she had suddenly become when he had uttered the phrase "fuck me." Confusion warred with fantasy as she thought about doing just that and wiping that smug smile off his face.

"You're right," Rob replied in a hoarse whisper, "I don't believe it. Or rather, I can't believe she let you find out."

"That's fair," Nate replied, "I thought for sure she'd have slapped me by now." His hand resumed its journey up her inner thigh, now traversing soft bare skin instead of shimmery nylon.

"I absolutely will if you don't stop that right now..." she trailed off as Rob resumed his leisurely caresses of her hand, this time encompassing the bones of her small wrist within lazy spirals.

"Schneider will definitely notice if you do it now," murmured Rob, his mouth just inches from her ear, "and I'm really hoping we don't have to stop touching you just yet."

Butterflies and hummingbirds started fluttering violently in the pit of her belly as Sarah realized that not only was he right, but that if she didn't do something quickly Nate was going to find out just how much she too was hoping that they didn't have to stop touching her just yet.

Too late. His hand reached the patch of silk covering her now-sodden cunt and stilled.

"Good God, Sarah," his voice was suddenly a lot less smooth than it had been just a few moments earlier, "you are fucking soaked."

That did it. She grabbed his wrist with her free hand and tried to pull his hand away. Unfortunately, he was considerably stronger than she was, and apparently quite determined to keep his hand exactly where it was.

"Ok, guys," she said, tucking her chin into her chest, "you've had your fun. You can tell everybody that 'Sarah effing Martin' has the hots for you both. Whoop-de-frickin'-do."

There was an agonizing pause as the boys looked at each other over the top of her head. She couldn't see their faces, and she could feel hot tears of frustration and humiliation starting to form in the corners of her eyes.

Suddenly each of them took hold of one of her hands and pulled it toward him. Before she could register what they were doing, she found herself resting her palms on a pair of very warm, very firm, very impressive erections. She barely managed to stifle the gasp that threatened to escape her lips.

"You see, Sarah" Rob explained.

"Or rather, you feel, Sarah" interrupted Nate.

"As I was saying," Rob continued, keeping his voice low, "what's really going on here is that both of us have the hots for you, and we can hardly believe that the one girl who doesn't seem to have the time of day for either of us might actually be interested."

Oh my God. They were hard. For her. Both of them. Her mouth went dry, and she could feel her nipples hardening against the fabric of her black lace bra. 

She was saved from replying, at least for the moment, by the ringing of the bell that signaled the end of the period. Within seconds, however, the room was empty except for the three of them, as Mr. Schneider taught second period physics in a different classroom.

Everything was suddenly silent except for the harsh sounds of their shallow breathing. 

Sarah felt like her mind was racing at a mile a minute, trying to process what they were saying. They were interested in her. Very interested, if the evidence that was literally in her hands was any indication. The question was: what was she going to do about it? 

She came to a decision. She gave them each a quick squeeze, drawing low groans from both of them, and slowly withdrew her hands from their laps. She very carefully gathered her notebook and pencil and slid off of her stool. Bending at the waist to pick up her bag, she was fairly sure that both of them could see bare thigh above the tops of her stockings. Taking her time, she stood and put her things away and slung the bag over her shoulder, letting the strap settle into her cleavage and tighten the fabric against her breasts.

"I have this next period free," she said slowly. "I think I am going to go spend it in study room 3b. If you would like to continue this discussion, that is where you will find me."

And with that, she darted out the rear door of the classroom toward her favorite study spot.

She silently thanked the scheduling gods, a.k.a. Mrs. Winter the registrar, for giving her second period free as she dashed through the mostly empty corridors. Regardless of what happened next, she (or they) would be able to have some privacy for the next fifty minutes. Finally reaching the door, she yanked it open, ducked inside, and breathed a huge sigh of relief as she leaned against the door and pushed it closed, hearing the reassuring click of the locking mechanism as she depressed the button on the handle.

"That was pretty fast for such high heels, wouldn't you say, Rob?"

Shit. She whirled around, turning her back to the door, and discovered that Nate and Rob were lounging against the desk that filled nearly half of the tiny room.

This was a terrible idea. They looked utterly delicious. This was crazy. She was unbelievably turned on. This was dangerous. They were looking at her like she was the last slice of pizza in the box. This was the stupidest thing she had done in four years of high school. She was going to be the luckiest girl in the whole damn grade.

By the time she had finished this increasingly disjointed series of thoughts, the two of them had advanced on her and pinned her between them and the door. Her bag slid off of her shoulder and fell to the floor with a thud.

Rob reached for her, tilting her chin up so that she was looking him full in the face.

"Hey," he said softly, "stop looking so terrified. We're not going to eat you."

"Unless you want us to," interjected Nate, giving her a mischievous grin.

"Nate!" Rob retorted. "Cut that out!" His eyes returned to Sarah's, looking concerned.

"Sarah," he murmured gently, "we want you, but this has to be your choice. If you don't w—"

She cut him off abruptly, flinging both arms around his neck and covering his mouth with hers.

Caught off guard, he stumbled backward a half step before catching their combined weight and lacing his fingers together at the small of her back.

Firmly quashing the anxious thoughts that were racing across the back of her mind, she swiped her tongue across Rob's bottom lip, demanding entrance. They dueled for dominance of the kiss, Sarah lifting up on her toes to assert as much control as possible.

She was starting to feel like she was gaining the upper hand when a pair of hands closed over her breasts and a mouth affixed itself to the side of her neck, tongue swirling in tight, concentric circles.

A breathy sigh escaped her as matching erections pressed against her pelvis and bum.

Nate moved his hands inward and began slowly unbuttoning her blouse, pausing after each button as if to see if she would stop him. 

She wasn't really sure she could have, even if she had wanted to, but she thought it was sweet of him anyway. He deserved a reward for such thoughtfulness, she decided hazily, and, as he unbuttoned the final button, she spun to face him and tugged him down by the corners of his collar to meet her lips.

Rob, not to be left idle, took the opportunity to slide both hands underneath her blouse and deftly unfastened her bra, which, being strapless, promptly fell to the floor in a puddle of black lace.

Sarah had only a moment to feel the chill of the room harden her nipples even further before he covered her breasts with his hands, squeezing them firmly and rolling the nipples between his thumbs and index fingers. She moaned into Nate's mouth.

Distracted as she was by Rob's talented hands and Nate's drugging kisses, she missed the look that passed between them. All she knew was that suddenly the three of them were moving away from the door, and before she had time to regain her balance, Rob had plopped into the room's only chair, with her falling gracelessly onto his lap, legs splayed out beneath her skirt, head lolling back against Rob's shoulder.

Nate stood in front of them, staring at her with hunger in his eyes. Rob continued to massage her breasts, moving his mouth to the pulse point on the side of her neck, swirling it around in little spirals that went straight to her cunt. Nate dropped to his knees between her legs, pushing her skirt up to her hips.

He reached up and hooked his fingers through the waistband of her black lace panties, drawing them down her legs and past her feet. He tucked them into his back pocket.

Having disposed of the last barrier, Nate gave her a predatory smile. He placed both hands on her knees and grinned lopsidedly at her.

"Remember how Rob said we weren't going to eat you? He lied."

Sarah would not have thought it was possible for her to get any wetter, but apparently she would have been wrong. Warmth flooded her core as she watched Nate slide his hand up her thigh and dip his head toward the tiny nest of curls that sat above her dripping slit.

And then she could barely focus on anything as sensation took over. Rob captured her mouth with his just in time to swallow the moan that erupted from her as Nathan pressed two fingers inside her. He thrust them slowly in and out of her as he swiped his tongue against her clit, igniting the fire that had been building there since the two of them first put their hands on her in the lab.

"Mmm..." was all she could manage as Nate increased the pace of his movements, pressing his fingers deeper inside her and lapping furiously against her clit. Rob devoured her mouth and squeezed her tightened nipples, adding to the tension that was building within her.

She arched her back and pressed against Nate's fingers and tongue, feeling herself approach her peak. Her legs started to quiver as Nate added a third finger. She was so close...

Rob gave a sharp pinch to both of her nipples just as Nate thrust all the way into her, and the dam broke. Sarah saw stars behind her eyelids as her orgasm hit, wave after wave of pleasure crashing over her. Her whole body shook between them as she came.
