 This is the second chapter of the Chemistry series. You may want to read Chemistry 101 before you dive into this one.



Sarah sauntered with deliberate slowness down the corridor to the chemistry lab. Her skirt clung to the curves of her hips and ass, just barely covering the tops of her stockings. Her breasts pressed against the fabric of her tank top, albeit hidden from view by the cropped jacket she was wearing. She checked her watch. All right, she wouldn't be late to class, but Peter would almost certainly have taken her usual seat by now.

She opened the door to the classroom and noted with satisfaction that she had been right on both counts – the clock showed one minute remaining before class began, and Peter was again smirking at her from the front of the room, delighting in having "stolen" her spot again. She plastered a look of annoyance, which was only partly feigned – she found Peter's brown-nosing and smug self-importance quite irritating in general – onto her face and made her way to the only remaining seat in the room.

As she dropped her bag and leaned down to pull out her notebook and pencil, Sarah could practically feel Rob and Nate's eyes on her breasts as she flashed them a healthy amount of cleavage. Nate pulled her stool back from the lab table and gave her an appreciative raise of his eyebrows as she sank onto it, tucking her feet up onto the little bars, leaving her legs parted and hitching her skirt well past mid-thigh. 

Rob leaned into her left shoulder, the spicy scent of his cologne wafting into her nose as he murmured, "Good morning, beautiful."

Nate pressed against her other side, letting his left hand drop to her knee and begin tracing circles against the soft flesh of her inner thigh. "Nice skirt," he whispered, "I like it even better than the one from yesterday."

"Wait until you see what I've got on underneath it," she teased quietly, ignoring the pounding of her heart as it drummed against her ribcage at her uncharacteristic boldness. These two had clearly been a bad influence on her, and she was hoping that today they would be even worse.

She saw Rob's eyes widen at her words, but she did not elaborate further. They would just have to wait to find out.

Taking a deep breath, which drew both boys' gazes as her chest swelled against her jacket, Sarah picked up her pencil and began copying the series of equations that Mr. Schneider was busily writing on the board. She fought the temptation to look to either side, even though she could feel the tension in the muscles pressed against her.

Emboldened by her retort about what was under her skirt, Rob had joined Nate in caressing her, brushing little figure eights against the inside of her other thigh. It was highly distracting, but she was determined to remain the picture of innocence and attentiveness. She blinked hard to maintain her focus as Mr. Schneider went off on a tangent about factors that would decrease the activation energy of the reaction they were discussing. As if they hadn't heard the same lecture at least five times this year already.

She realized with a start that Rob's hand was drifting higher and higher up her leg, rapidly approaching the junction of her thighs. She bit her lip to keep her composure and waited for him to reach his destination.

"Holy shit!" he exclaimed loudly, drawing the attention of everyone in the room as Sarah fought the urge to giggle.

"I beg your pardon, Mr. Thompson?" Mr. Schneider inquired pointedly.

"Uh, sorry, sir, I just, uh, suddenly realized how your explanation related directly to the lab we've been doing on enzyme activity in biology this week."

"Yes, yes indeed, Mr. Thompson! You are absolutely right! Enzymes will have exactly the same effect as this catalyst..." he launched with renewed enthusiasm into a comparison of organic and inorganic catalysts, and the class turned back toward the front of the room, having instantly lost interest in Rob, since he wasn't in trouble for swearing.

"What the hell, Rob?" Nate asked quietly.

"Sarah isn't wearing underwear," Rob muttered through gritted teeth.

Nate's harsh inhalation wasn't quite as dramatic as Rob's reaction had been, but it was no less satisfying. Sarah allowed a smile of pure feminine satisfaction to curl up the corners of her mouth as she watched a bead of sweat slide down the side of his neck.

"Damn," he whispered hoarsely, "that's fucking hot."

Sarah was watching a peculiar change come over Rob's face. Yesterday and first thing this morning he had been wide-eyed and tentative, seemingly in awe of her despite his status as a school-wide heartthrob. Now she saw a look of hunger come into his eyes, pupils dilated and breathing shallow as he contemplated this new development.

Rob's fingers had frozen directly against the freshly shaven lips of her cunt, which framed her already-dampened slit and swollen clit. They slowly started to explore again, now that the initial shock had worn off. He began swirling the pads of his fingers against her clit, spreading the moisture around and setting her nerves to tingling with anticipation.

Carefully setting down her pencil, Sarah dropped her hands below the level of the lab table, reaching for the bulges she knew – well, hoped – would be there. As her hands closed over the erections she had grasped the previous morning, a thrill ran through her at the thought of what she was doing, practically in full view of her classmates.

Both boys tensed, instinctively pressing against her hands. Sarah felt a heady sense of power at the reaction she was creating in them.

She was soon distracted from reveling in her newfound capacity for control as Rob pressed two fingers into her tight, wet cunt. She clenched instinctively around his hand. 

Nate was still mindlessly doodling circles against her thigh as he scribbled nonsense on the paper in front of him. She pressed more firmly against his cock and slid her hand up and down the front of his jeans.

Rob began slowly thrusting his fingers in and out of her, pressing deeper with each movement. She pushed back against his hand, lifting her hips a little bit to meet his thrusts.

She started to create a rhythm with both her hands, stroking faster and faster against their erections, causing them to breathe heavily, trying to stay quiet but rapidly losing control. It was all she could do to maintain the motion of her hands as she felt herself peaking from Rob's finger fucking.

Suddenly all three of them were jarred roughly from the intense pleasure they were feeling by the ringing of the bell. Once again, the classroom emptied within seconds and they were left alone, panting heavily from their interrupted passion.

"Does this room get used during second period?" Sarah asked breathlessly.

"I, uh, I don't think so," Nate replied, shaking his head dazedly.

"Good," she gasped, "go lock the doors."

Nate staggered to his feet, hobbling slightly due to his erection, and locked both doors to the room. Rob regained his sense of equilibrium and began scrambling to unfasten his pants. They both converged on Sarah and pinned her between them. Rob pulled her jacket off of her shoulders and began lavishing kisses over her neck and shoulders, pressing his boxer-clad erection into her ass. Nate cupped her face in his hands and kissed her passionately, his tongue dueling with hers.

Sarah reached for Nate's belt. "Pants off. Now," she managed between kisses. 

He hurried to comply, shoving his blue jeans and boxers over his hips and down to the floor in his eagerness. She noted with some eagerness that he looked long enough to fill two hands and thick enough that her fingers would meet around his shaft, but just barely.

Rob cupped her breasts through her tank top, taking advantage of the fact that she had gone bra-less as well as commando to squeeze her tightened nipples.

"Damn, Sarah," he said in wonder, "you really go all out, don't you?"

She gave them both a sultry smile. "Why would I do things any other way? The question is, since we don't have much time, which of you two is going to go all in?"

Rob and Nate looked at one another for an instant.

"You've wanted her longer, Rob. I can wait for round two."

Nate pulled a condom from his backpack and threw it at Rob.

Sarah filed that thought away for later consideration before declaring, "All right then. Nate, you sit on the table here."

Nate looked confused but did as she asked. Rob finished divesting himself of his boxers and slid the condom onto his rigid erection. He looked to be shorter but wider than Nate, and she imagined he would stretch her deliciously.

Having already planned at least a dozen different ways for them to take her during her daylong fantasy session yesterday, Sarah knew what she wanted to do. She pushed two of the lab stools in front of Nate about a foot apart and climbed up to kneel on them, bending over to present her bare ass and dripping cunt to Rob behind her.

The thought occurred to her that this was both risky and somewhat insane – she knew it wouldn't really be a typical first time, since she had broken her hymen years ago with her first dildo, but it still seemed very zero-to-sixty to have her first time with two guys in her chemistry lab. She shook the thought off and concentrated on the cock that Nathan was presenting to her.

Trusting that Rob would be able to take it from here, she leaned down to Nate's cock and gave it a firm, slow lick from base to tip. He groaned, gripping the table's edge with both hands.

Encouraged by his reaction, she took the tip into her mouth and swirled her tongue around the soft skin of the head of his cock. As she did so, she felt Rob grip her hips and position his own erection at the entrance to her cunt.

Not moving her mouth from its current position, she spoke around Nate's cock, "Rob, if you don't fuck me right now..."

She got no further, as Rob took his cue and drove his entire shaft into her, burying himself to the hilt in her warmth. She moaned, sending vibrations over Nate's skin and causing him to thrust up into her mouth.

Rob began to move in and out of her very slowly, clutching her hips against him tightly enough to leave marks. Sarah matched his actions, taking Nate's cock as far into her throat as she could and then bobbing her head up and down. With the hand that was not supporting her weight on the table, she reached below and began playing with Nate's balls.

Nate was making little moans and grunts of satisfaction, occasionally thrusting upward into her mouth, and Rob had picked up the pace and set a driving rhythm, his balls slapping against her clit with every thrust. She could feel the peak she had nearly reached before the bell approaching once again.

"I'm not going to last very long," Nate warned, "I've been thinking about this since yesterday."

"Me neither," panted Rob, "I've been practically coming since I realized you weren't wearing panties."

"Touch me," Sarah said around her mouthful of Nate's cock, "I'm close."

Nate leaned all of his weight on one hand and used the other to massage her breasts, pinching one nipple and then the other, squeezing the mounds with his large hand. Rob reached one hand around to her front and began frantically rubbing her clit, pounding into her cunt hard enough to drive Nate's cock deeper into her throat.

Sarah pulled back so she wouldn't choke and began pumping her hand up and down Nate's rigid length, swirling her tongue around the bundle of nerves just below the head. It was hard to concentrate on sucking him off while Rob was fucking her so deeply, thrusting into her with wild abandon.

"Oh, God," Nate groaned, "I'm coming." 

Not wanting to get any cum in her hair or on her clothes, Sarah sucked hard on Nate's cock, slurping down every last drop of his release. It wasn't too bad, she decided, just salty and a little bitter. She breathed a sigh of relief. Now she could concentrate on getting fucked.

"Rob," she said suddenly, "I want you put a finger in my ass."

"What?" he asked sharply, pausing in his thrusts, confusion written across his face.

"If I'm going to have you both fuck me, I have to be prepared for one of your cocks in my ass. Your finger will be a good start."

They both gaped at her.

She wiggled her ass at Rob, causing him to slip out of her a little bit. 

"Come, on, go for it!" 

Spurred on by the image of double-teaming her, both Nate and Rob renewed their efforts to make her come. Rob licked his finger liberally and carefully wiggled it into her asshole before resuming thrusting into her cunt. Nate, slightly more focused now that he had finished, was able to use both hands to massage her breasts and tug at her nipples.

Sarah moaned, both from the pleasurable pain that Nate was giving to her tits and from the intense feeling of being filled in both her cunt and ass. Rob was still swirling the fingers of his other hand against her clit, pushing her closer and closer to the edge.

And suddenly she was there, flying over the cliff, crying out her ecstasy as her orgasm hit her like a freight train. Her muscles clamped down hard on Rob's cock, dragging him over the edge with her. They groaned in unison for a long moment.

Sarah slumped down against the lab table, resting her weight on her forearms, her forehead against Nate's thigh.

For a few seconds the room was silent except for the sounds of their labored breathing.

Then Nate said, "Shit, we've got two minutes before second period ends."

Reality crashed over them like an icy wave.

Rob pulled out of her, sliding the condom off of his dick and shoving it into a pocket of his backpack. The boys hurriedly pulled their boxers and pants back on as Sarah donned her jacket and smoothed her skirt and sex-tousled hair.

Sarah kissed Rob, then Nate, and gave them both a mischievous look.

"So, I'll see you after school?" she asked with mock-innocence.

"You won't be able to avoid us this time, " said Nate firmly.

Sarah bent down to pick up her bag, giving them one last show of her cunt, swollen and red from the vigorous pounding it had taken. She rose to her feet, slung the bag over the shoulder and blew them a kiss as she slipped out the door.

As she practically waltzed down the hallway to Calculus, all she could think of was how good it would feel when she finally had both of them inside her, filling her up with their big, hard cocks. The smile that crossed her face lasted all the way through two tests and an in-class essay.

 To be continued in Chemistry 103... 