 This is the third chapter of the Chemistry series. You may want to read Chemistry 101 and Chemistry 102 before you enjoy this one.

*****

Sarah's heart was pounding in her chest, thumping against her ribcage as she finished gathering her belongings from her locker. Even though she had already enjoyed a vigorous fucking during second period, she had been dripping wet all day. The knowledge that she was one careless move away from flashing her swollen cunt or her hardened nipples to her classmates was utterly titillating. Sarah was beginning to think she might be a bit of a closet exhibitionist - getting finger fucked in the back of the lab with only a table to block the view had been even hotter than she'd imagined. Not as hot as going down on Nate while Rob slammed into her from behind over that same lab table, but still really, really hot.

Sarah felt moisture begin to slide down her inner thighs as she pictured the three of them fucking in the study room where Nate's fingers and tongue had brought her to such an intense orgasm the day before. She leaned her forehead against the cool metal of her locker door, breathing shallowly as she fantasized.

Suddenly she was pinned against the locker by two hard, male bodies. A low voice whispered into her ear, warm breath on her neck.

"Hey there, little girl. Did you miss us?"

Sarah spun around, turning to face the two boys who had been driving her to distraction. Nate and Rob leaned into her, demonstrating quite plainly that they too were already turned on. Two stiff cocks pressed against her hips, making her lick her lips with anticipation.

Nate, consistently the bolder and more mischievous of the two, reached up under her skirt, swirling his fingers against her clit before sliding two fingers into her wet, eager cunt.

"Damn, Sarah. Have you been this wet all day?"

She looked at him with widened grey-blue eyes shining with innocence.

"Am I wet? Gee, I guess I am. It must have something to do with the fact that I've been thinking all day about the two of you fucking me until I can barely walk."

Rob made a low, strained sound in his throat as he jerked his cock against her hip.

"God Sarah, it is so fucking hot when you say things like that."

Nate thrust his fingers slowly in and out of her, not breaking eye contact for even a second, as he said, "Well, I guess we'll just have to move this somewhere more private." He withdrew his hand from her cunt, making her whimper slightly. Still holding her gaze with his own, he sucked his fingers clean, before remarking, "You taste fantastic, by the way."

Her knees trembled beneath her, but she managed to remain perched atop her four-inch heels, supported by the pressure of their hips against hers and the hard metal lockers at her back. She gave them a slow, sultry smile.

"All right, boys, where to?"

Rob and Nate glanced at each other. After a moment, Rob said, "My parents are out of town for the weekend. I have the house to myself for the next two days."

"Perfect," Sarah replied. "By the way, you guys are clean, right?"

They both nodded.

"Good, that means we can dispense with the condoms - I'm on the pill."

Huge grins appeared on their faces.

"All right," Rob announced, "I'll drive."

