 *I have received some feedback on my story "A Fond Farewell" that some were disappointed with the ending, some readers wishing I had gone into more detail about the rest of the weekend. So, here are some more details of our adventures that wonderful weekend with my ex-boss Jane. Enjoy!*

Jane, Jack and I formed a circle on Jane's big four poster bed. Jane had one hand on my left knee, holding my leg up while she sucked on my pussy, occasionally slipping her thumb into my slit when she would focus on my clit now and then. 

Jack was doing the same to her. He was being a noisy eater, slurping and grinding his unshaven face into her nearly clean shaven pussy, save for the adorable blonde landing strip. He had both hands on her ass and his face just plain buried in her pussy.

I was sucking and stroking Jack's cock and watching them both. "My god," I thought "What a hot sight!" Jane was a very talented pussy eater and I was doing my best to focus on Jack's cock but it was getting more and more difficult by the moment. I took Jack back into my mouth, not wanting to be outdone by my playmates, and reached one hand around to his ass and began massaging his asshole while I sucked him. A moment or two later, Jane began to massage my ass and I realized we had all gone down the same path! 

Jane broke from my pussy and half gasped "Ok, I need more than your finger! Margie, I'm going to need this horny devil of a man of yours to fuck my ass. Please say you're ok with that!"

I laughed as I released Jack's cock from my mouth. "I'm ok as long as I can eat your pussy while he does!" I said.

"Well, you drive a hard bargain but if you have to...." Jane said, trailing off. 

We all laughed as we repositioned. Jack slid off the bed and stood next to it, grabbing the lube and condoms of Jane's bed side table. I rolled over on to my back and slid over towards Jack as Jane straddled me, backing her tight little ass to Jack.

I watched from the best seat in the house as Jack first lubed up his hard 7" then moved his slick fingers to Jane's ass. I rubbed and fingered her pussy as Jack slid his finger in her ass and Jane let out a lustful moan that made Jack's cock jump and my pussy even wetter. 

I continued my handy work on Jane as I watched Jack roll the condom over the fat head of his cock and press it against and slowly enter Jane's anus. I could hear Jane's breathing become slow and deep as Jack entered her in the same fashion.

Once Jack was balls deep in my bosses' ass, I raised my head up and slipped my tongue into her twat. Jack's balls were hitting the top of my head as I tongue fucked Jane and she was over the moon. Groaning, grunting and 'fuck yes!' ing as my husband and I made her wishes come true.

Jane announced she was coming and I pulled my face away while still rubbing her clit and fingering her pussy. She came as loudly as I had ever heard someone orgasm and it clearly drove Jack wild. He picked up speed and his balls were a blur as he pounded Jane's ass.

I felt Jack shift a little, and his hands move down to Jane's legs, right behind her knees. He then stepped back, taking Jane with him and held her up by her legs and fucked her ass with her in the air.

I rolled over and watched as he held her up like the little fuck toy she had become. Jack pumped his cock into her with all his might, his balls bouncing and Jane being shook with every thrust. This took Jane right back to the top of the orgasm roller coaster and she came again, this time actually squirting! Her pussy juice hit the floor with a 'splat' and her face was red, mouth open and not so much screaming as yelping as Jack's face contorted and he grunted into his own orgasm.

I spun off the bed and pressed myself against them, first sucking on Jane's small, perky tits then moving up and kissing her on the cheek. I guided them back towards the bed as Jack laid her back down and slipped out her ass. 

Jack was standing there, a panting animal, his still covered and shiny with lube cock swaying in front of him. Jane was still quivering and I curled up next to her from behind, spooning her and stroking her face.

Jack dropped the used condom in the waste basket and went to the other side of the bed and collapsed on it. He rested one hand on my ass and we all drifted off for some much deserved sleep.

***********************************************

Jane had gotten up at some point and left us. Jack was still asleep to one side of me but Jane had gotten out of bed. I wasn't sure for how long but I got up off the bed myself, slipping my blouse from the night before back on, and walked down her hall slowly, still bottomless. My head was slightly heavy from all my boozing the night before, and I definitely needed to hydrate! I was unsure of the time but the sun was up, and I was hoping Jane had not received any visitors. I would hate to walk into her kitchen with a bare ass while she was talking with, oh, I don't know, her mom or something!

I heard no voices, but walked around the corner into Jane's kitchen to see her standing at her fridge, still completely nude, drinking some juice from the container. Jane saw me and smiled. She extended the carton of juice to me. 

"Don't mind drinking after me? Seeing as we've eaten each out, this doesn't seem so bad, right?" she asked.

I laughed and took the juice from her and took a small swig.

"That helps," I said "but water would be better."

She pointed out where the glasses were and I got some water out of the dispenser on the fridge. We sat in the kitchen where it all got started, discussing group sex and how many experiences we had each had. Jane was damn near at hall of fame level, as far as threesomes and orgies went and I was in awe! I had 3 notches compared to about 30 for her, but she had started in high school and was about 4 years older than me. 

We finished our juice and water and walked back into the bedroom and found Jack still sleeping. Jane tapped me on the shoulder and motioned to her bathroom. I followed and closed the door. 

"Shower?" she asked. I agreed and took my blouse back off. We climbed in after water got up to temperature and cleaned up, chatting like a couple of women at a brunch. We dried off and brushed the fuck knots out of each other's hair.

We walked out of the bathroom and Jack had rolled over, his muscular ass exposed and one of his legs bent up, his knee towards his chest. 

Jane whispered to me "Jack is a sexy beast, you two are quite the match."

"Thanks, I'm very lucky. We really do have the same kind of naughty minds, so it has been a blessing." I whispered back.

Jack shifted and sleepily moaned and his ass became completely bare. Jane smiled and nudged me. "So, you mentioned you have a strap on for prostate pleasure among your toys. Jack lets you fuck him?" She asked, a lustful glint showing in her blue eyes.

"Every so often, he enjoys getting pegged. Once a month or so I'd say. Sometimes I ask him if I can, sometimes he asks me to do it." I replied.

"Wow that is fucking hot. I've never fucked a man before." She said.

"Well, if we wake him up with a nice massage and sucking his cock, maybe he'll be open to you fucking him. I've always thought it'd be hot to watch that." I said, my pussy getting wet at the thought. "It's up to him, but I'll do what I can to get him there." 

Jane's eyes were wide with excitement. 

Jack startled us by speaking and getting up and sitting on the side of the bed. "As much as a wake up blow job and massage would be, I need to pee. And after a shower and some breakfast, I am up for anything you two sexy ass ladies want to do."

Jane and I laughed and Jane grabbed a towel out of her linen closet for Jack and pointed him towards the bathroom. Jack took the towel and as he walked past us Jane and I both took the opportunity to smack that fine bare ass as he walked by.

***************************************

Jane ordered breakfast from a nearby café that delivered and greeted the delivery boy in her panties and a t-shirt. I giggled and watched as Jane teased the poor college student and pulled the money out of the waistband of her French cut lace panties to pay him.

Jack came out of the bedroom with his boxer briefs and unbuttoned shirt and we all ate on Jane's patio in the beautiful mid-morning weather. Jane broke out the champagne and we had mimosas and shared sex experiences from our youth over our bacon, crepes and omelets.

Jane telling us about fucking a college professor as a freshman in college, Jack telling us about his first ffm 3some, with a couple of hot rock and roll chicks named Roxy and Darcy when he was 19 (I had already heard it but it still gets me hot) and I shared my first experience with another girl. 

By the time I was done with my story and breakfast had been consumed, Jack's cock was leaving nothing to the imagination as it stood straight up in his shorts and Jane had slipped a hand inside the robe she had lent me and was caressing my breast and nipples.

Jack suggested we go back inside and Jane and I agreed it was a good idea.

We went back into Jane's bedroom and Jane dug into her toy chest. It was literally a small chest in her closet FULL of toys, lubes and accoutrements. She pulled out a ribbed dildo, about 8" long and bright red. She picked her harness up of the floor and replaced the dildo she had used to fuck me with the one in her hand. It was thicker than the one I use at home to fuck Jack with, not a monster but thicker than anything Jack had had in his ass so far. Jack and I stood by Jane's bed while she was rummaging through her toys, my hand down his boxers fondling Jack's cock, stroking his ass and sucking on his nipple. She brought her dildo around the bed to us after putting it in her harness.

"Think you can take this one Jack? Are you ready to get fucked?" she asked, holding it up in the harness in one hand while stroking it with the other.

Jack's eyes got a little wide, but I squeezed his cock nice and hard and flicked his nipple with my tongue as she asked. 

Jack took a deep breath and said "Might as well give it a good try. Margie says lube and patience will usually overcome any challenge!"

I was dripping wet at the thought of watching Jane fuck my man. Jane tossed the strap on onto the bed and grabbed Jack and I by our hands and led us to the bathroom. She stopped in front of the sink and grabbed a couple wash clothes, got them wet with warm water and handed one to me. Without a word, Jane and I stripped off his boxers and began to wash Jack's package and ass. He was freshly showered but Jane and I got him squeaky clean for the events to follow. Jack was hard the entire time we cleaned him up and Jane and I each gave his nice hard cock a good kiss as we dried him off.

Jane led us back to bed and stopped Jack at the side of it. She held one hand on his hip and pressed his back with other and jack took the hint and bent over, resting his hands on Jane's bed and spreading his legs as he 'assumed the position'. Jane got behind him and spread his muscled ass cheeks and I took the cue and got down underneath him. Jane began to rim his ass and I sucked on his cock and balls, stroking and fondling whichever one I did not have my lips and tongue on.

Jack 'ooo'd and 'aaaah'd as we work our magic mouths over his body. Jane slid down and met me at Jack's sizable ball sack a couple of times and we would each take turns licking and sucking his nuts. Jack helped us out by taking one foot and placing it on the bed, giving us an even more room to work with.

Jane stood and climbed on the bed, putting her strap on while on her knees on the bed. Jack climbed on the bed and asked Jane "Doggy or missionary? How do you want to do me?"

Jane smiled wide "I want to look in your face while I fuck you, big man!"

Jack moved to the center of the bed and lie back. I place a pillow under his head and handed Jane the lube. She got a plentiful amount of lube on her hand and began to stroke her fake cock from head to base and handed me back the tube. I got some out onto my fingers and began to slicken up Jack's back door.

I held Jack's leg up by the knee and watched as Jane placed the fat head at Jack's ass. Jack pulled his right leg up higher and gave Jane a clear shot at his ass. Jane scooted close and began to press against Jack's sphincter. 

I leaned down and kissed his nipple and whispered "Breathe and relax baby."

He smiled and nodded at me and took some deep breaths and Jane began to slide in. Jack grunted and clenched his jaw a little, but when the head slipped in and got past his anus he sighed a long sigh of pleasure. 

Jane eased in nice and slow, asking Jack how he was doing.

Jack said "I'm good, it's good, keep going, nice and slow, yes."

I stroked his cock and kissed his nipple, watching Jane slide into him. She stopped when bottomed out, again making sure Jack was ok.

In a low, sexy tone, Jack said "Yesssss. Fuck me Jane."

Jane took ahold of Jack's right leg, now extended straight up and held it while she took long, slow deliberate thrusts into his ass. I looked up and loved the sight. Jack's big muscular leg against Jane's chest, square in between her little, perky tits. Jack's hard cock bouncing some as she fucked him. I'd look up at Jack and his face was awash in lust. His breathing speeding up, and he'd moan low and sexy as fuck when Jane would bottom out. 

Jane moved Jack's leg to the side and got right in between them and began to speed up her thrusts. Jack wrapped his big legs around Jane's slight frame and actually pulled her in to him. I moved down and began to suck his cock as Jane fucked him. I could see his balls press against her stomach and Jack began to groan that familiar groan that I always know an orgasm is on its way.

"Fuck me Jane, yes, fuck me harder!" Jack moaned.

I sucked his cock with passion, wanting to taste him so badly. 

Jane did just as Jack had pleaded, speeding up and fucking his ass with purpose! Her shoulder length hair was flying, now matted with sweat and her pretty little tits jiggled with every drive home of her hips. Jacks balls were bouncing against her pelvis and his cock grew was diamond hard and ready to burst in my mouth.

Jack announced "Oh, fuck, fuck yes, oh fuck, I'm going to come!"

Jane was a blur, fucking him as fast as she could possibly manage and I wrapped my lips around his cock with as much suction as I could manage! Jack shot his load and I swallowed it down as it hit the back of my throat. Seeing as it was his third orgasm in about 10 hours, it wasn't a sizable as the one he had painted Jane with, but it was sizable nonetheless.

His vocal orgasm filled the room and hell, maybe even the neighborhood! I loved the sound of my man coming so hard. Jane egged him on. "Fuck yes, Jack! Come in your wife's mouth for me, big boy! Fuck! Yes!" She said, emphasizing on each stroke of her dildo.

Jane slowed and finally stopped and slipped out of Jack's ass. Jack sighed as she did, still breathing hard. I slid up and kissed him and he returned my kiss. We looked into each other's eyes and he smiled when he saw the excitement and joy in my face.

I rolled off the bed on the opposite side, near Jane's open toy chest and went looking. I found a Rabbit vibe and slimmish butt plug and tossed them on the bed before walking around to Jane. She was just starting to take off her harness and I went over and helped her out of it and then I guided her to the bed and pushed her onto it. She laughed and I didn't take a moment to ask what she wanted. I wanted to work her over and give her a great fucking and eating in return for the great fucking she had just given my husband!

I grabbed the Rabbit and brought it close to me and I spread her legs and got down to business. I got right down and licked the inside of her thigh and pushed her legs back. She helped me out by grabbing her ankles and pulling them right back to her ears! I went to town on her glistening wet pussy and ass. I dove my tongue into her, slipping in and out, taking little trips to her ass and her clit, doing my best to make her moan and grunt and groan.

After some dedicated pussy eating, I reached over and grabbed the vibe and slipped it inside her. I got the spiral rotating pearls in the shaft going and held in just inside her lips while sucking and nibbling on her clit. Jane let go of her ankles and reached down and held my head against her pussy and I did not relent.

I felt the bed shift and knew Jack was moving. I caught a glimpse of him moving up and holding her leg and chewing on her nipple while holding her head. I plunged the dildo deeper into her twat and moved down and rimmed her tight little asshole and Jane began to cum.

I had never made a woman squirt before, but Jane gushed as she came, maybe even louder than Jack had just come. I felt her gushing pussy and it ran down my hand and shoulder and down her ass cheeks to my tongue. I was so turned on (and proud, to be honest. It was an accomplishment!). Her pussy leaked and her juice ran out around the vibe. I pulled the vibe from her and placed it to her clit she continued to gush for another 10 seconds or so. Once she stopped I shoved my tongue back into her pussy while I left the vibe at her clit and her orgasm continued and rolled into another one. Jack edged her on with words of dirty encouragement.

"Fucking come you dirty little thing! My wife is making you come so fucking hard! You know you love it, her tongue in that pretty pussy! Give it to her, give her your orgasm!"

Jane cried out in pleasure and I moaned into her pussy. I eased up on her, my jaw and tongue actually starting to hurt a bit, and eventually we all ended up laying together in a twist on the bed, kissing and panting and drifting off for a mid-day nap. I looked over at the clock at one point and saw it was just past one o'clock. What a great fucking Saturday, literally!

********************************************

I awoke some time later in maybe the best possible way, Jack and Jane each had one of my nipples in their mouths and their fingers rubbing my pussy. After I was fully awake, I tried to roll over and suck on Jane's nipples, but she and Jack would not let me. They kept me firmly in between them and were showering me with kisses, licks and fingers. 

Jack's fingers entered my pussy and Jane's stayed on my clit and I was going crazy. It felt so good and I felt my orgasm so close, oh fuck they were spoiling me!

Jack removed his fingers before I could come and then slid down and tilted me towards Jane. She focused my tits for a minute while Jack repositioned, lifting my right leg and rubbing his cock against my pussy. 

"Fucking put that inside me!" I said, nearly shouting in my lustful state!

Jane laughed and looked me in the face. "MMM, who needs fucked now? Want that cock Margie? Tell Jack you want his cock in you." She said as Jack teased me with his cock, just at my wet, needy lips. He was teasing me, Jane was encouraging and I was going crazy. 

"Say it Margie, tell him what you need, beg him for it" She said, teasing and punching my nipples.

I relented. "Please baby," I begged Jack "Please fuck me, I need your cock. I need to cum." I said, drawing out the 'need' and 'cum.

I heard Jack groan and felt his cock disappear inside me, one full stroke and he was balls deep in me. I groaned like a lustful needy slut and Jane smiled and reached down and started rubbing my clit again. 

She leaned down, moving her face towards my Jack filled pussy. She continued rubbing while watching Jack give me long, slow strokes of his cock from behind while on our sides.

"MMM fuck, this is a good view here! MM MM, love watching that cock slide into that hot pussy, oh fuck!" she said, rubbing my clit and reaching down and massaging my lips as Jack filled me, occasionally reaching down and stroking Jack's balls and pressing them against me.
