 This is the fourth chapter of the Chemistry series. You should probably read Chemistry 101, 102, and 103 first for some context (and buildup). 

*****

Sarah gave Nate and Rob the knowing smile of a woman who is aware of her own sexual power. She trailed a hand over each of their cocks, which had sprung to life instantly upon her suggestion of a "round two" to their fucking. She had decided that Nate, who was longer but thinner than Rob, should take her ass. She squeezed his cock and winked at him.

"I hope you're up for the challenge, Nate. This is virgin territory right here. Actually, until this morning it was all virgin territory..." she trailed off, having revealed much more than she had intended to.

"What?" Rob's voice betrayed his incredulity.

"You were a virgin?" asked Nate, his disbelief ringing in her ears.

Sarah ducked her head, suddenly too nervous to meet their eyes.

"Holy shit," Rob murmured, "I would never have imagined...you were - you are the hottest thing I've ever seen."

Nate nodded, "I've never fucked anyone like you, Sarah. You're like a living wet dream. Walking around school with no underwear, jerking us off under the table in chem class, and you give the best blowjob I've ever had. And now you're talking about letting me put it in your ass!"

She looked at them shyly, abruptly realizing how crazy the past 48 hours had been. She was overcome by embarrassment at her actions. She started to fold herself into a little ball, tucking her knees toward her chin.

She had barely moved a few inches when her progress was arrested by two pairs of hands, pinning her to the bed with legs spread wide.

"Oh, no, you don't," Rob chided. "We're going to show you how much we appreciate your - what did you call it? - virgin territory."

He scooted down the bed until his head was level with her pelvis.

Nate cupped his hand against her jaw line and turned her face toward him.

"We are going to make you cum so hard you can't see straight, let alone feel guilty about how hot you are. And then I'm going to fuck you in your gorgeous ass while Rob takes your lovely cunt again."

And with that, he kissed the shocked expression from her face.

Sarah was still reeling from Nate's words and passionate kiss when Rob's mouth descended on her clit, his tongue swiping hard against it. She bucked her hips up against his mouth, the intensity of the pleasure catching her off guard. Unfazed, Rob slid two fingers inside her cunt and continued to thrash her clit with his tongue.

Meanwhile, Nate continued to kiss her, his tongue dueling with hers, as his large hands deftly kneaded the flesh of her breasts, alternately circling her hardened nipples with his thumbs and rolling them between his fingers.

Sarah was awash in sensation, from Nate's passionate kiss, from the exquisitely painful pleasure of his ministrations to her breasts, from Rob's unrelenting assault on her clit, and from being filled by his fingers - doubly filled, she suddenly realized, as Rob had slowly pushed two fingers lubricated by her ample moisture into her ass. She moaned into Nate's mouth, thrusting her hips against Rob's face and hands.

She couldn't believe how quickly they had driven her to the peak of her pleasure, even higher than before. She wanted it to last because it felt so damn good; she wanted it to end so they could finally fuck her at the same time; she didn't know what she wanted because she could barely think straight.

Without warning, Rob added another finger to both her cunt and her ass, stretching her even further as he quickened the movements of his mouth, just as Nate tweaked both of her nipples at the same time.

Sarah came so hard she nearly passed out, her orgasm ripping through her body like a tidal wave. She pressed against their hands and mouths and screamed out her ecstasy, before falling limply back against the bed, gasping for breath.

Rob ceased moving his hands and gentled the force of his mouth against her, but he did not stop circling his tongue against her clit. Nate lowered his lips to her right nipple and began lapping against the still-hardened nub, softly swirling his hand against her other breast. Despite her state of near-exhaustion, Sarah could feel herself responding to their touch again, new wetness flooding her cunt.

When she began making little whimpering sounds with every lick from their tongues, they carefully maneuvered themselves and Sarah so that she was positioned above Rob's thick, stiff cock, which was already leaking fluid over the head.

Sarah slid down onto his thick shaft in one smooth movement, her hips coming to rest against his pelvis as he filled her again. She sighed in pleasure as he reached for her breasts and began massaging them gently, then with progressively more pressure.

Nate moved behind her, kneeling with his legs astride Rob's knees, and gradually began working one, then two, and finally three slick fingers into her asshole. When he judged her to be sufficiently stretched, he removed his hand and replaced it with the head of his long, rigid cock.

Sarah had thought that the initial penetration would be painful, but she was so turned on and already loosened somewhat from his large, capable fingers, that the first few inches of Nate's erection were already inside her before she even realized he was entering her virgin ass.

Before she had time to tense up, Rob thrust hard into her dripping cunt, pressing her back against Nate's cock, and burying him to the hilt.

Sarah moaned, the sensations of having two cocks inside her, of being pressed between two warm, hard, male bodies, of being worshipped and debauched simultaneously, completely overwhelming her.

Rob and Nate groaned in sync at the feeling of being gripped so tightly by Sarah's velvety cunt and tight ass. Rob's hands tightened on her breasts, pinching the flesh and the nipples with every thrust as Nate clutched her hips and thrust in counterpoint to Rob's movements, their cocks practically sliding against one another inside Sarah's warmth.

The tension built rapidly in all three of them, muscles clenching, breaths coming in harsh little pants, every nerve seemingly stimulated by someone else's touch. Rob pulled Sarah forward slightly to kiss her with all of the passion he could muster while Nate sealed his mouth to her neck and swirled his tongue in random patterns, adding to the sensory overload that was consuming her.

Sarah closed her eyes, allowing her other senses to take over. She tasted the spice and warmth of Rob's mouth as he kissed her, mixed with the tang of her own moisture from his earlier feast. She smelled the sweat and sex that permeated the room. She heard the wet slapping sounds and low, masculine grunts as their cocks slammed into her. She felt the grip of their hands, the driving rhythmic thrusts, and the little electric shocks skittering along her nerves as every pleasurable string was strummed, bowed, and plucked. It was incredible, and she could barely stand it. 

"Oh, fuck," she gasped out, "fuck me hard. Fill me up with your cum. Fuck me with those huge, thick cocks..."

When Nate slipped one hand in between her and Rob's hips and flicked his fingers hard against her swollen clit, Sarah was gone. Her entire frame shook with the force of her orgasm as she came harder than she ever had in her life. Waves and waves of pleasure rippled outward from her core, her muscles clamping down on the two hard cocks thrusting inside her.

Nate and Rob came in unison, pumping hot, thick streams of cum into Sarah's cunt and ass, groaning their ecstasy as they emptied their loads.

Their warmth flooding both of her swollen, well-used holes was the last thing Sarah knew before she lost consciousness entirely.

*****

When she came to, Sarah was lying on her side, Rob spooning behind her and Nate pressed against her front. Nate was gently rubbing her shoulder, and Rob was stroking her hair.

As her eyes opened, Rob asked in a voice filled with concern, "Hey there, are you okay? You were out for a few minutes."

Nate's breath was warm against her ear as he added, "that was the sexiest thing I have ever witnessed.

Sarah blinked a few times, gathering her wits about her, and a slow smile of contentment spread across her face. She sighed breathily and snuggled into the two warm bodies that surrounded her. She wiggled her butt against Nate and flung an arm across Rob's chest.

"I don't know about you two," she murmured drowsily, "but I think I need a little sleep before we go for Round Three."