 “Hey there, Cherry Pie…  How’s business?”

Cherry furrowed her brows and turned toward the man addressing her.  Her mouth was prepped to spew forth a string of expletives, but instead lifted into a bright smile.

“Oh, hey,” she called out to the handsome young man crossing the street to meet her.  “I’m off duty right now.”

The nighttime street- glistening from an earlier rain and the streetlights- was completely dead as nineteen year-old Cherise Davidou stopped, her purse slung over her shoulder.  She had just gotten off work at the coffee shop and was on her way home for a quick shower before heading to her next job.

“Oh, I’m sorry,” Jacob said sarcastically, playfully, as he jumped up on the curb.  “With that little getup, I figured you were hunting.”

Cherise- or Cherry to her customers- glanced down at her outfit and mock-grimaced.  That night she was wearing her low-rider jeans and a tight, red cami with no bra.  The tips of her shapely 36C breasts poked though the material, courtesy of the night chill.  

She looked back up and tossed her auburn hair off of her shoulder.  “Everything I wear turns you on, baby.”

Jacob smiled warmly and opened his arms.  They pulled into a tight embrace, and he kissed her cheek.  “So, are you busy tonight?” he whispered into her ear.

She gave him a good squeeze and pulled away, readjusting her purse strap.  “Nope,” she said, shaking her head.  “You’re in luck.”

Jacob and his wife, Cassie, had been part of her selective clientele for a little over six months.  Being a college freshman, trying to pay her way through school, she had a small group of discreet and carefully-chosen people that she sometimes performed favors for.  The money earned from these favors was fairly good, with most of her customers part of a group of friends who were comfortably wealthy.  The only problem was that most of them were also well-acquainted with the Dean of Haughton College, Mr. Thornton.  

Most of them were very friendly and would never tell Dean Thornton.  Jacob and Cassie Farrell were part of that group.  There were, however, a few that enjoyed the leverage they held over her and used it to their advantage.  Hillvale was a relatively small town, and news traveled quite fast.  Cherry had to be very careful, going along with the requests and commands of those who wouldn’t hesitate to tell her secret.

“Why don’t you just come on over, and you can shower at the house,” Jacob offered.  

Cherry smiled and nodded.  “I really wasn’t looking forward to taking those steps anyway.”  

The boarding house she stayed in- although cozy and quiet- was four stories, and her room was at the top.  She’d lived on campus for a while, but when she began her favor-giving excursions she knew she needed a different place.  

The two of them walked silently but briskly across the street toward Jacob’s Camry.  She’d been in that car more times than she could count, and she loved the way it smelled.  She loved sitting next to Jacob- who, at the vibrant but mature age of 31- was strikingly good-looking and well-built.  He taught physical education at the high school, where his wife just happened to teach Senior English.  They were independently wealthy, having inherited their country home and surrounding land- in addition to a hefty bit of money- from Cassie’s late parents.  Cassie- who was 27- had grown up in Hillvale, briefly moving to New York when she married Jacob, a native of Albany.  When her parents were killed in a car wreck a couple years before, they’d moved back and gotten on at the school.  

Cherry thought the world of them both, but it was Jacob who she especially enjoyed spending time with.  Aside from his voracious but generous sexual proclivities, he was an extremely easygoing and fun-loving man.  They had conversations about a multitude of things during their rides to the house on the outskirts of town, and he always made her laugh.  

Though it was strictly off-limits as part of her casual deal with the Farrells, sometimes Cherry gave Jacob a small preview of what was to come in the car.  Cassie had expressly forbidden any type of sexual activity between Cherry and Jacob when not in her presence, but every now and then the two of them would give in to their desires and break the rule.  Most often it would start out with Jacob rubbing her thigh as he talked.  From there it would escalate to him rubbing her pussy through whatever she was wearing, and the feel of his hand on her just drove her insane with lust.  He would make a deal with her- she would suck him off as he drove down the long road that led to the property, and if she swallowed his cum, he promised her some extra cash when Cassie wasn’t looking.  

She could tell that night’s drive wouldn’t be one of those special ones as they fastened their seatbelts.  She was in a particularly lustful mood, and she licked her lips frequently, a silent signal that she was willing to give him head.  He did not make a move, though, as they drove down Main Street.  He frequently looked through his tinted windows, indicating to her that he’d met someone he knew on the way to her place.  

He wasn’t so nervous that he couldn’t converse.  “Cass bought a new dildo Saturday night,” he said, amusement in his voice.  “It’s a huge, hunking thing.”

“Really?” she asked, an interested lilt to her voice.

He nodded.  “All she’s talked about is using it on you.”

Cherry chuckled.  “She’s saving it for me?  Aww…”

Jacob chuckled.  “Yep.  She just won’t shut up about it, Cherry Pie.  She’s been constantly describing how she wants to stick it in her mouth and fuck you with it.”

“Mmm…” she moaned, shifting in her seat.  

Cassie was a very pretty woman, very feminine and fit.  She had long, raven hair that she always wore down, relishing the appreciative looks she got from the men in town.  Her breasts, though not as ample as Cherry’s, were high and proud and capped with large, thick brown nipples that Cherry loved to suck.  She had a trim little waist and a firm little ass, and she looked extremely hot in a pair of jeans and a tube top.  The vision of Cassie’s exotic mouth wrapped around a dildo, pumping Cherry’s wet pussy with it, really got her juices flowing.  She imagined Jacob laying underneath her as she rested on all fours, licking her swollen clit as she hungrily sucked on his 8-inch cock.  

She sighed and leaned back in her seat.  “I can’t wait.”

“Me, either,” Jacob said huskily, gripping the wheel a bit tighter.  “I had to lock myself in the bathroom this morning, thinking about that tight little puss of yours.”

Cherry laughed.  “Whatever will you guys do when I graduate and move away?”

“Buy a lot of plane tickets, I guess,” he chuckled.

The rest of the drive was nice, the radio playing seventies easy rock.  Feeling mischievous, Cherry occasionally reached over and brushed her fingers over the bulge in his pants.  She was even so bold as to offer him a handjob, no charge.  He just playfully smacked her hand away from his obvious erection, telling her to be patient.  

They pulled into the driveway and slowly made their way down to the garage, Jacob’s erection standing out against the bottom of the steering wheel through his shorts.  As they pulled into the garage, she caressed his cock one last time.  He placed his hand over hers and jerked himself a few times before cutting off the engine and unlocking the doors.  

Cassie was waiting inside the door, in the spacious kitchen.  She had just finished up the dishes, and looked incredibly sexy in a pair of snug jeans and a tank top.  Her long tresses were pulled up in a messy bun, and Cherry fought the urge to yank those shiny locks free as the two women embraced.  

“I need a shower, hunny,” Cassie said in her sweet southern accent as they broke the hug.  “I’ll just go run myself through the sprinkler and I’ll be right down.”

“Cherry Pie needs a shower, too, baby,” Jacob said, cocking his eyebrow impishly.  

Cassie licked her lips and smiled.  “Well, I s’pose we could double up.  Save hot water…  How does that sound, Cherry Pie?”

Cherry tossed her purse into one of the breakfast chairs and ran her fingers through her hair.  “Sounds excellent, Cass.”

“Shall we?”

As they made their way up the stairs to the second floor, Cherry watched Cassie’s ass as it swayed in front of her face.  She wanted to reach up and knead those tender cheeks, slowly sliding her hand between Cass’s legs to rub the warmth there.  

“Come on in the bedroom and we’ll take our clothes off,” Cassie said, grabbing the post at the top of the stairs and swinging right.  

The walked into the enormous bedroom, done in simple, country style.  Cassie sauntered over to the king-size bed and began to unfasten her jeans, watching Cherry through heavy-lidded eyes.  Grinning, Cherry made a show of pulling her halter over her head and tossing it in the floor at the foot of the bed.  

“I love your tits, Cherry Pie,” Cassie said, bending over slightly to push her jeans down her shapely legs, still staring at Cherry.  She wore no panties underneath, and her shaven pussy was slightly flared, revealing her rather large clit.

Cherry brushed her hair back and slid her hands down her neck to her full breasts, impishly cupping them and squeezing them.  Her nipples puckered, and she used her index fingers to tease them.  The sensation was wonderful, with Cassie’s deep brown eyes watching her.  

Cassie stepped out of her jeans, pulling her tank top over her head.  Cherry watched with delight as Cass’s thick nipples hardened from the air hitting her bare skin.  

“Come on, hunny,” Cassie said softly, turning toward the bathroom and motioning for Cherry to follow.  

They walked into the bathroom, the large showertub standing open against the wall.  With a sexy smile, Cassie stepped inside and turned on the water.  The spray hit her chest and she closed her eyes, leaning back and allowing the water to pour down on her breasts.

Cherry quietly stepped into the tub behind Cass and closed the door.  Cassie quickly turned to face her and ran her hand over Cherry’s hip to cup her ass.  “You’re mine, now,” she breathed, yanking Cherry against her.

They closed their eyes and kissed, their tongues immediately meshing together.  There was no need for pretense or romantic smacking.  They had been doing this long enough that they knew what they were after, and how to get there.  They could do this.  Although Cherry and Jacob were not allowed to play on their own, Jacob actually encouraged it between she and Cassie.

Cherry broke the fervent kiss, breathing heavily.  Her hands inched up Cassie’s wet ribcage to her breasts, and she leaned forward to take one of Cass’s thick nipples into her mouth.  Cassie leaned back, her eyes closed, and moaned with pleasure.

“Oh, baby…” she breathed, her fingers twining in Cherry’s hair.  “I love this…”

Cherry’s tongue and lips teased Cassie’s nipple, alternately licking and sucking, as she ran her other hand down to Cassie’s pussy.  She slid her forefinger up and down her slit, teasing Cassie’s clit.  She was extremely wet, the warm liquid quickly washing away under the spray.  

Cassie moaned louder, pressing her pussy against Cherry’s hand.  She reached beside her and grabbed the soap, then slid it over Cherry’s shoulder and down her back.  “Put your fingers in me, Cherry Pie,” she commanded, sliding the soap between Cherry’s ass cheeks.  

Cherry obeyed, slipping first one finger, then slowly another into Cassie’s tight pussy.  She wished she could hear the sound of Cassie’s juices over the roar of the shower as she fingered her.  Her own pussy was alive with lust, the feel of the soap and Cassie’s fingers on her asshole.  

She pulled away from Cassie’s breast with a smack, the nipple long and hard.  She briefly ran her tongue over the other and sucked it, then placed her lips to Cassie’s smooth throat.  “I want to taste you, Cass,” she whispered harshly, her fingers pumping steadily in and out of Cass’s pussy.  “I want to suck your fat clit and tongue-fuck you until you cum…”

Cassie moaned loudly as Cherry began to nibble at her neck.  She dropped the soap and continued to rub Cherry’s asshole as her other hand slid down Cherry’s stomach to her bald pussy.  Her wet hair clung to her neck and back, and she shook it free, undulating against Cherry’s hand.

Cherry pulled back and separated herself from Cassie.  She grabbed her hips and kissed her, turning her around and pushing her down on the side of the tub.  Smiling, she kneeled down in front of her and gently pressed her legs apart.  Cassie pressed her hands to the side of the tub to steady herself, gazing down at Cherry’s angelic face as the spray hit her, matting her auburn hair down.

Cherry leaned forward and inhaled Cassie’s scent, nuzzling her smooth pussy lips.  “Your taste drives me mad,” she said, teasing Cassie’s clit with her nose.  

Cassie shivered and moaned at the sensation, pressing her hips forward.  She wanted to grab Cherry by her red hair and shove her face into her congested pussy.  “Eat me, Cherry Pie,” she whispered, using one hand to cup the back of Cherry’s head.  “Make me cum… Suck my juices out…”

Moaning, Cherry stuck out her tongue and ran it down Cassie’s slit to her wet hole, then back up to her clit.  She circled the swollen nub with the tip of her tongue for a moment, then set about fervently wiggling her tongue across it.

Cassie tangled her fingers in Cherry’s hair and pressed her forward.  “Oh, baby…” she moaned, her head lolling back.  Her hips undulated in a rhythm like music as Cherry’s expert tongue ran laps over her clit.

Cherry had always loved eating pussy.  Since her first experience with another girl in her junior year of high school, the taste and feel of smooth pussy flesh excited her, as though she were licking and sucking away at an ice cream cone.  She loved the feel of a woman’s musky juices dribbling down her chin, greasing her lips.  The best, though, was the sensation of tongue meeting the wash of juice as she came, Cherry’s tongue in her quivering hole.  

Cassie was now rocking back and forth, side to side, grasping Cherry’s hair in her tightly-clenched fist.  She moaned loudly, the sound echoing through the bathroom and reverberating.  Cherry sucked hungrily on her hard clit, pressing two fingers into her.

Suddenly the bathroom door flew open, hitting the wall behind it.  Both Cherry and Cassie jumped, pulling apart and standing.  The curtain flew open, and Jacob looked in on them, chuckling.  He was totally nude, and very erect.

“I knew I couldn’t trust you two,” he joked, slowly stroking his cock.  

Cassie bit her lip and looked down, mock-regretful.  “Well I guess we’ll just have to make it up to you by suckin’ your cock and sharin’ your hot cum.”

Jacob groaned, stroking a bit harder.  “You girls clean?”

Cherry turned the water off.  “Clean enough to get dirty,” she simpered.

Jacob smiled.  “Oh, yeah…  I’m gonna get you little sluts very dirty.”

Cherry wrung out her hair and stepped out of the tub, casually reaching out and taking over the job of stroking Jacob’s cock.  She looked over at Cassie, who was stepping out on the other side.  “Can I go first, Cass?”

Cassie pretended to think about it.  “I guess you can, Cherry Pie.  Do a good job, or you’ll be punished.”

Cherry nodded and dropped to her knees in front of Jacob.  Still stroking, she looked up at him.  “You gonna feed me a hot load, daddy?”

“Fuckin’ A…”  He placed his hands on either side of her head.  “I’m gonna fill your pretty mouth so full of cum that you choke.”

She moaned with delight, sticking out her tongue and circling the head of his cock as she pumped him.  Jacob nodded and smiled, looking over at Cassie.  “Come here, baby…”

Cassie slowly sauntered over to him, gently smoothing her hand over Cherry’s hair.  She leaned her head back and accepted a deep kiss from her husband.  “Want me to help the kid out?” she whispered breathlessly, pulling away.  

Jacob looked down at Cherry, whose lips were fastened around his cock head.  “Nah…  She’s doing fine by herself…  I have something better for you.”

He pulled Cherry away from his cock, and she playfully whined.  “It’s okay, sweet Cherry,” he said, grabbing her arm and pulling her up.

He put his arms around the waists of the two young women.  “Let’s hit the bedroom.”