 (This is a spinoff of another of my stories entitled "A MILF's Touch." If you would like, you can read it and my other stories. Please enjoy and let me know what you think.)

*

"If you need to talk again you know where to find me." I said to Jean as I walked out of her room. I walked out to my truck and looked over and saw Jean's neighbor, Cherry standing in her front yard. She smiled and waved to me and I thought to myself that the only nice thing to do would be to go over and say hello.

"Hey Cherry. How have you been?"

"Hey Chance. What you doing over here? Cherry asked.

"Oh nothing really. Jean said she needed to talk to me about something so I came over to talk to her."

Cherry looked at me curiously and said, "From the looks of you it looks like you did more than talk." I blushed and said, "Well maybe a little more." Then I winked at her and she just started laughing. 

I looked at Cherry as she stood there laughing. She was a slightly overweight mother of three. She had long black hair and beautiful hazel eyes. Her pink tee shirt she was wearing clung to her smaller but supple tits. Her blue jeans seemed to be painted on as they hugged her wipe hips and huge ass. She was your average looking woman but there was something about her that attracted you to her. She seemed to have this sexual aura around her that you just couldn't resist. 

I asked "So anyways, what are you doing out here?"

"I want to plant some flowers but I just don't know where to do it." 

"Would you like me to help you?"

Cherry smiled. "Sure of you don't mind getting a little dirty." I smiled and winked at her. "I love getting dirty."

We started planning on where to put the different flowers and then started to dig the holes and plant the flowers. As we worked we sat there talking and joking and laughing. I couldn't help but steal glances of her huge wonderful ass as she bent over to plant the flowers. Dirty thoughts of fucking her big tight ass began to flood my head. I tried to stifle the thoughts as my dick began to grow. I notice her stealing glances at my tenting shorts and it just helped to fuel my desire and my growing cock.

As we finished we stood up and I adjusted my hard cock into my waistband to try to keep some decency. We stood and admired the hard work we did and Cherry turned to me and hugged me. As she pressed her body to mine my cock was smashed into her stomach and I knew she could feel my rigidness. She said nothing about it as she broke from our embrace. "Thank you for all your help."

"No problem. If you need anything just let me know."

"Well...." Cherry began to say as a wicked and mischievous smile broke across her face. "You know that today is my birthday right?"

"No I didn't know that. Happy birthday!" I said cheerfully.

"Thank you. Anyways I was wondering if you could help me with my birthday present."

I looked at her curiously. "What do you mean?"

"Well you see, I've only been with one man in my life and as a present for my birthday, Jay said that he would be willing to let me have my fantasy of being with two men at once. I want you to be that other man." I was dumbfounded.

"I don't know. Wow. Uh...I just don't know. I mean with Rebecca and all. I just..." I didn't know what to say. Cherry smiled and walked up to me and put her hand on my steel rod and started to slowly rub her hand up and down the length of my cock.

"Why the sudden attack of conscious. It's ok to come over here and fuck her mother but not me?"

I stuttered as I tried to compose myself, "What do you mean?"

She eased her hand into my shorts and grasped my cock in her hand and began to slowly jack me off. "I walked over to Jean's house earlier to bring her some mail that got dropped off at my house by mistake. I saw her on her knees sucking this beautiful cock. You know she really should close the blinds if she is going to do stuff like that."

I was a blur of emotions. I was shocked that she had caught us and I was also fighting back the urge to cum as her hand expertly caressed my cock. "Ok, ok. I'll do it. Just let me talk to Rebecca and I'll be there." Cherry smiled as she let go of my cock. She turned and headed toward the front door to her house. "We eat dinner at 7." I stood staring at her ass as she walked into her house and closed the door.

I walked to my truck and got in and drove to my house. I pulled up and ran inside. So much was going through my head. I had to talk to Rebecca. I had just made love to her for the first time not even 24 hours earlier. She had given me her innocence, and since then I had fucked her mother and now I had agreed to go fuck Cherry too. I didn't know what to tell her but I knew I had to say something. I looked down at my dirty and sweaty clothes and decided I should take a shower to clear my head.

I stripped off my clothes and turned on the hot water and let it heat up. I climbed into the shower and let the warm water engulf my body. As I sat there trying to figure out what to do and what to say, I never heard Rebecca come in. She eased into my bathroom and stripped down and eased quietly into the shower. She slowly embraced me and reached around quickly wrapping her hand around my dick. I jumped, startled by her embrace.

She laughed as I looked at her, "What the fuck! You almost gave me a heart attack."

"It's ok, it's just me. I can leave if you want me to." She said as she pretended to get out of the tub.

"No. I want you to stay." I said as I pulled her to me and gently kissed her lips. As we kissed her hand found my cock again as she began to gently jack me off. "So what did you do today?" she asked as she continued sliding her hand across my growing member. My cock jumped as the thoughts of me fucking her mother entered my head. "Oh nothing really. Just kind of hung out."

"Really, just hung out huh." Rebecca said looking knowingly into my eyes. My heart rate quickened. Did she know? How could she know? I was beginning to panic. She laughed quietly and said reassuringly, "Relax, I know what you did earlier, and I am ok with it. Hell I'm the one that told her to call you." My heart began to feel like it was going to explode. "What did you just say?"

Rebecca smiled, "I told Momma to call you today. I knew what she was going to do." She leaned in close to me and gently squeezed my cock as she whispered in my ear, "I also knew what you would do." I rolled my eyes into my head as she dropped to her knees and slid my cock into her mouth. I felt week in the knees as she sucked on my cock. She sucked me closer and closer to the edge of my orgasm. Then she eased my cock out of her mouth and smiled at me again.

"I also heard that you went and talked to Cherry for a little while and even helped her in her garden." She licked the underside of my dick as I tried to find the words to speak. "I did go talk to her and helped her out in her garden."

"Did you trim her bush real good?" Rebecca asked as she began jacking me off again. "It wasn't like that." I said as she brought me close to the edge again. "However, she did ask me a very interesting question." 

Rebecca's eyes widened, "Really? What did she ask?"

I smiled and said, "She told me it was her birthday and that she wanted me to help her out. She said that Jay wants her to live out her fantasy of getting fucked by two guys at once. She said she wanted me to be the second man." Rebecca licked the head of my dick as she continued her slow stroking of my cock. "And what did you say?"

I swallowed hard and said. "I told her yes but that I needed to talk to you first. If you don't want me to I won't do it." Rebecca smiled and said "Ok. I'll let you go. Under one condition."

I asked "What's that?"

"I'll let you go if you promise to be open minded about our relationship. If I let you go around fucking all these women then I need to be allowed to do the same. I only ask that we come back to each other at the end of the day. Is that a deal?"

"Deal."

Rebecca smiled and said "Good. Now fuck me good or I might change my mind." I couldn't believe this. Was this the same person? She was always sweet and shy about the issues of sex. She had saved herself until she met the right person. Now it was like her dark side had been released. I thought this can't be real; this can't be the same person. Then she sucked my cock back into her mouth. "Fuck it!" I thought to myself as my cum erupted into her mouth. She did the best she could to swallow it all but it was too much. She let it dribble from the corners of her mouth as I continued to cum. 

As she swallowed my cum she stood up and turned around and bent over."Fuck me now!" she said as she spread her ass cheeks apart. I quickly complied to her demand and rammed my entire length inside her hot wet pussy. "Fuck!" Rebecca screamed as her pussy stretched to accommodate my big cock. 

I began to fuck her hard and fast as I held her hips to keep her from falling down. As her moans got louder I fucked her harder. She reached back and began to franticly rub her clit as I continued my relentless assault on her tight pussy. "That's right; fuck me hard with that big dick. Fuck me hard!" The slapping of our flesh and the screams of her pleasure filled the house and I was certain that the neighbors would call the cops on us.

Then her orgasm rocked her as she pushed back against me as her body convulsed. She continued to convulse as the pleasure from her orgasm fill her body from top to bottom. As she finished cumming, she slowly began to rock back and forth on my rigid member again. I pulled out of her and stood her up and pulled her to me and whispered, "Let's take this to the bedroom." She turned around and kissed me and said, "No. Let's wait. You need to save your energy. You have a big night ahead of you." She kissed me on the cheek and climbed out of the shower.

I finished showering and got out and dried off and walked in my room. Rebecca was sitting on my bed fully clothed. "Damn. I was hoping you were still going to be naked." I said jesting. She laughed, "Not till later, you have a date. I'll be waiting right here when you get back." I finished getting dressed and kissed her goodbye. As I walked out the door I heard her say "Have fun."

I pulled up to Cherry and Jay's about 6:45. I got out and walked up to the door. Ray answered and welcomed me in. Cherry's husband, Jay, was a short but well built man. He was former military so he stayed in good condition. I sat on the couch and started talking to Jay about this and that when Cherry walked in. She was wearing a sheer black teddy with red lace. The back was cut into a G string and the outfit left nothing to the imagination. I sat there staring at her as she walked over to me. I stood up and looked her up and down as she slowly turned in a circle to show me her outfit.

"Do you like it?" Cherry asked devilishly.

"Absolutely." was all I could say as I stared at her gorgeous body. Cherry put her arms around my neck and pulled me close. My hands drifted to her hips and quickly found their way to her fat ass. She kissed me deeply as I squeezed her soft enormous ass. She broke our kiss and said "Looks like somebody likes my outfit.

"I certainly do." I said squeezing her ass again.

"Not you, him." she said as she squeezed my cock through my jeans.

"He definitely likes it." I said chuckling. 

"Dinner first then dessert." Cherry said as she broke our embrace and headed toward the kitchen. I looked at Jay and asked "Are you sure you are cool with this?" He just stood and shook my hand and said, "Yeah, we're cool. It's her birthday and this is what she wanted so let's give it to her." I nodded my head. "Cool with me if it's cool with you." We soon joined Cherry in the kitchen and sat down to a wonderful meal. We made small talk and laughed as we ate. When everybody finished Cherry stood up and said, "Ok, time for dessert." We put our dishes away and headed to the bedroom.

When we got in the room she shut the door and told us to strip. Jay and I made quick work of clothes and sat down on the bed. Cherry climbed onto the bed and sat down between us. She turned on the TV and we sat back to watch a movie. The movie started with a scene of a couple fucking. I had to smile to myself. As we sat back watching the scene unfold before us Cherry moved her hands to Jay and my lap and slowly started jacking us off. I sat back enjoying the slow sensual hand job as I continued to watch the scene on TV become even more hardcore.

As my cock began to expand in her hand I leaned in and started kissing the side of her neck as my hand started caressing her breast through the thin material of her teddy. She took a deep breath as I gently pinched her hardening nipple. Jay had eased his hand between her legs and was rubbing her pussy. I untied the bow in the back of her teddy and eased the material off of her shoulder. I leaned down and took her nipple into my mouth. As I gently licked and sucked on it she began to moan. Jay moved to her feet and pulled her down to the bed onto her back. As I continued sucking her tit, Jay eased the teddy from her body.

He started kissing her ankle and then kissed and licked his way up the inside of her leg until he reached her hairy, wet bush. I sat up on my knees and fed my rock hard cock to her mouth. As she began licking and sucking my cock, Jay spread her puffy lips apart and began licking her pussy. She began moaning onto my dick as his tongue worked its magic on her pussy. She worked my cock faster as Jay began is oral assault on her clit. Her movements became erratic and she spit out my cock and began moaning louder as she neared her orgasm.

"Chance, Fuck me. Fuck me now! Make me cum! Fuck me NOW!" Cherry said between ragged breaths. Jay moved away as I positioned myself between her legs. I led my cock to the entrance of her dripping pussy and pushed forward. She grunted as my cock invaded her deeper than she had been penetrated before. As I went full hilt into her warm wet pussy she came. Her eyes grew big and her breath left her body as her pussy flooded my cock.

I pulled back almost completely out of her pussy and slammed my cock all the way back in as she continued to cum. "Fuck me pleaaassseee!" Cherry screeched as I began pumping into her with authority. As I fucked her, Jay pushed his cock into her mouth and she accepted it quickly. She was working his cock like a woman possessed. Jay reached down and started pinching her nipples as she deep throated his cock. 

I could see that Jay was enjoying this and I felt a little better about the situation. I was fucking his wife after all. As I continued to fuck Cherry hard, Jay looked at me and said, "She's never been this wild before. You must be fucking her real good." Cherry spit out his cock and laughed. "He's fucking me real good. His cock is fucking huge." Jay just smiled and said "Happy birthday baby."

I pulled out of her soaking pussy and sat back on the bed. Cherry wasted no time and sat up on her hands and knees and started sucking her slick juices off of my dick. Jay lined his cock up behind her and buried his ready cock deep inside her. He began fucking her hard and fast as she swallowed my cock into the back of her throat. The feeling was incredible as she deep throated me like a pro. I knew I wasn't going to last much longer.

"Oh fuck. I'm about to cum Cherry. I'm about to cum!" I moaned as I pulled my cock from her mouth. My cum spewed from my cock like a geyser, splashing against her face. I came hard and grunted as my cock continued to erupt. I leaned back and smiled as I looked at Cherry's cum stained face. My cum was dripping from her chin and cheeks as she sat there shocked. 

"Holy shit that's a lot of cum." She gasped. I laughed and guided my still rock hard cock back into her mouth. "There is still a lot more where that came from as I pushed my cock back down her throat. Jay laughed as he continued to pound his wife's pussy. I fucked her throat for a little bit and then told her, "It time. Come ride this fat cock bitch." She grinned devilishly as she pulled free from Jay and straddled my waist. She lowered herself down slowly onto my cock until I had completely impaled her. I reached up and grabbed her tits and began to squeeze them as she began to bound up and down the length of my dick. Jay not wanting to be left out slipped his dick into Cherry's waiting mouth.

She slid up and down my pole at a rapid pace as she worked Jay's entire length into her mouth. Jay looked at me and said, "I think that is about time." With that, he pulled his cock free and pushed Cherry forward. Not missing the opportunity with her tits hanging in my face I took one of her nipples in my mouth and began to suck it. Jay eased behind her and licked his middle finger and eased it into Cherry's tight ass. She groaned as he began to work his finger in and out of her. Her pussy clamped tighter on my cock as he inserted a second and then third finger into her ass. She began to fuck me again as she began to enjoy his invading digits. 

As she began to rock harder on my cock I knew she was close to cumming again. I looked at Jay and nodded and he got the hint. He pulled his fingers from her ass and replaced them with his cock. Cherry's eyes widened as she was double penetrated for the first time. "OH MY GOD!" she said loudly as both my and Jay's cocks were slammed into her to the hilt. Jay and I began to alternate our thrust to when I was pulling back he was slamming in and then as he pulled back I slammed back in. Cherry lost all control of her body. She fell forward on top of me and screamed as we both penetrated her with authority. She screamed out as she exploded into a mind numbing orgasm.

As her body returned to earth she smiled and sat up. As she sat up Jay withdrew his cock from her well fucked bottom. She began to slide up and down my pole again as Jay stood up beside her again and fed her his cock. She eagerly sucked his cock as she fucked me more vigorously. Jay was nearing his point of no return and Cherry knew it. She spit his cock out as she slammed all the way down onto my cock. She started jerking his cock as fast as she could.

"Cum all over my tit's! Soak my fat tits with your cum! Do it now!"

Jay couldn't take it anymore. His cum flew from his cock and splashed against her chest. Spurt after spurt splashed against her tits until Jay finally fell to the bed spent. Cherry smiled as the cum dripped between her sticky melons. She looked at me and said, "It's your turn now."

She sat up and pulled my cock from her pussy. She then lined my steel cock up with the entrance to her ass. She gasped as the wide head of my cock stretched her sphincter more than Jay's had. She eased herself down slowly on the length of my cock until she had taken all of me in. She then slowly began her ride and as her ass gripped my cock tightly I knew I wasn't going to last too long myself. Her ass was tight and seemed to be sucking the cum out of my cock. I couldn't handle anymore so I grabbed her hips and held her up and began pumping into her with all of my might. My cock was a blur as I fucked her hard and fast.

The room was nothing but the sounds of flesh hitting flesh and the moans of ecstasy that both she and I were moaning. Then it hit. I slammed in all the way into her ass and exploded. Gush after gush of hot cum filled her anus and set off another orgasm for her.

Cherry sighed as she fell to the bed beside me, my cum starting to leak from her ass. "Happy birthday Cherry." I said as she kissed Jay tenderly. 

I got up and said my goodbyes and got dressed. As I walked to the front door I knew that there was one more stop that I had to make that night. I had to go tell Rebecca how the birthday dinner had gone.

*

Thank you for reading. If you liked this story then please read my other stories. Also feel free to leave comments and feedback. I love hearing from my fans.