 I was working my regular shift at a popular upscale restaurant on the Las Vegas Strip. The name tag on my manager's uniform said Peggy Trent but that wasn't my only name. Ten years earlier, when I was eighteen, I had been known as Cherry Brightly. For seven months I had a busy career as Cherry, an adult movie actress and featured live show performer, working for a company based in a suburb of Los Angeles.

I did pretty well, enough to bank some money to use when I left the adult business to go to college in LA. While getting my education, I did a few gigs to raise cash, but I left Cherry behind as I phased out that type of work before I left school.

Leveraging my BA in Business, I was successful in restaurant management using all my assets: a head turning figure, organized mind, outgoing personality, and a genuine interest in people.

I arrived at the table of three men loudly enjoying our excellent food and drinks. Their waitress alerted me that they were running up a large check so I wanted to make sure they were having a good experience.

"Good evening, gentlemen. I'm Peggy Trent, the manager. Is everything to your satisfaction?"

They were very cordial, respectful, and apparently having a great time.

We chatted about nothing for a few minutes before the man closest to me said, "Aren't you Cherry Brightly?" He was grinning ear to ear.

I was startled. No one had called me Cherry for years, but that night the name was back.

"Yes, that was my stage name at one time," I answered. 

He patted my rear, then continued, "I knew it had to be you. Those blue eyes..."

He paused, obviously happy to have found me.

"My name is Brad. I'm a long time admirer. You were fabulous in the movies I saw back in the day."

He looked me over. "You look great now, too."

I smiled, "Thank you. It's nice to meet a fan."

He asked, "Have you made any movies recently?"

He wasn't leering or anything, but he kept his hand on me. I wanted to end the encounter but without offending him.

"I've been out of that business for ten years. Well, I hope you gentlemen have a fine evening."

I turned to walk away.

"Wait," Brad called. "Can we have a drink later, after your shift?"

"I really don't do that-" I started to say.

"Please make an exception for me," he asked. "I may have something for you."

They all "may have something," but I thought it over. He was good looking, very polite. He and his two friends appeared to be respectable, businessman types, probably harmless. Oops, not quite, there was the hand on my ass.

But it's Vegas...really, why not?

"Okay, an exception. For a drink." 

Brad and I agreed to meet at midnight, at the intimate Lily lounge in the center of the Bellagio casino, a vast palace just down the Strip from my restaurant.

~~~~~~

I was ten minutes late, but I found Brad where we had arranged. He brightened as I approached.

"Were you afraid I stood you up?" I asked.

"Not afraid, but I would have been really disappointed."

We were shown to a quiet table. The atmosphere was just right for the tentative status of our acquaintance.

At the table, he again complimented my looks.

"I love your blonde hair, the big loose curls especially. And you sure have kept your body in shape, slender but with ample boobs. Oops, can I say that?"

I laughed. "I guess 34C goes well with five-nine, one hundred twenty pounds."

"Right, totally," he hastened to agree.

When the waiter came, Brad expertly ordered a bottle of wine for us.

"What brings you to Vegas?" I asked.

"Our company has quarterly sales contests," he explained. "The prize for the top team is a trip here, all expenses paid. My guys make a lot of money for the company so these outings are wide open, no questions asked."

"What's the company do?"

"Industrial machinery. We import equipment used to manufacture electronic assemblies. Very high tech."

"Sounds like you are appreciated for your work," I commented.

"Definitely. The recognition of winning the contest is a real morale booster. Not to mention the high bonus income of the top producers."

He paused, looking at me.

"I can't believe I'm here with Cherry Brightly," he said, smiling and shaking his head. "This means a lot to me."

"It's awesome to hear you've kept me in your thoughts, but my career was not a big deal. For half a year I was a minor celebrity, one of thousands of young women who call themselves 'porn stars.' But that was ten years ago. Now I'm just a woman with an ordinary job."

He didn't accept that.

"First of all, you look fabulous. You could still be making movies if you wanted to. I'd pay to see you again."

I thanked him and tried to change the subject. "The DJ here is great. It's like an after hours club, but quieter."

"Right, but back to you. Second of all, you are very together, bright and charming. I wouldn't be afraid to take you anywhere."

"Home to mother?" I asked.

"Well, I might have to edit your resume a little, but generally, yes, I'd take you home to meet my mother."

We laughed, talked about many things, having a fine time.

Brad finally came to the point.

"I have a question for you, if I may." he asked, a little nervously.

"Sure, go ahead." I sensed he was thinking of me sexually.

"While the team is here I promised them a special event, one that requires an experienced woman. I was going to call an escort service, but I assume you know the score on such things. Could you recommend who to call?"

"Special event?" I asked. "What sort of event?"

"I have a very clear memory of you in 'Bad Girl Downtown' - the big scene near the end."

Of course he was talking about the gangbang in that movie, one of my best known scenes. Ten men and me, pretty wild. When I appeared at clubs I was routinely propositioned, "Let's party like Bad Girl Downtown."

"You want a woman for your sales guys to gangbang?"

"Yes," he admitted. "They are really psyched, but I haven't booked the woman yet."

"How many men are involved?"

"Nine, including me. All good natured guys who will treat you right while they bang you without mercy."

That got a smile out of me.

He was clearly asking if I wanted to do it. Truthfully, the idea was exciting; images were in my head from my days making the movies. More significant, I could feel the arousal starting, the slight wetness, growing.

I stirred my drink while letting my thoughts settle.

"I remember the dialog," Brad said.

"Really?" I asked. "I'm impressed if you do."

Shaking his head, making his voice squeaky, he said, "Ten men Mr. Michaels? Oh, I don't think I can do that."

He changed to a deeper tone, "Sure you can, Cherry. In fact, you're going to beg for more."

Squeaky, "Oh!"

I laughed, reached over and touched his arm. "Amazing, you do remember."

We smiled at each other across the little table.

I added, "Next, Cherry said, 'I hope I don't regret this.' Then she took off her clothes. Or I did."

"Yes, you did," Brad said. "That scene is burned in my brain."

He reached under the table and squeezed my thigh. I didn't object, in fact I continued smiling at him, making it okay, as I thought over my situation.

As Cherry Brightly I had been a 'barely legal teen' porn star. But after that, I had successfully escaped the adult performer world. I didn't stop having sex, but I was not an actress, with a Director yelling at me about which cock to suck next.

I was attracted to the idea of a gangbang. I knew what that felt like, being totally overwhelmed with powerful, lustful emotions, anticipating being the center of attraction, experiencing unlimited orgasms.

"Are you saying yes to the party?" Brad asked.

"Not yet. I'm struggling a little with the break from the path I've been on."

Maybe it was the wine that let me reveal, "I don't regret my porn career. I enjoyed being gangbanged on set, but it was stressful work. What you see on the video is a heavily edited version of the reality. To get an hour of video can take a long, agonizing day of shooting."

Brad was enthralled with my rant as I summarized, "All the fun is drained out. For the performers, it's mostly boring."

"So it's not sex that you remember, it's more like hard work."

"Right, you've got it," I told him. "If your party is like a porn shoot, it's not for me. I'm glad to have gotten out."

Brad saw his opportunity. "Let me be blunt. I want our event to be the best party ever, starring you as our pet slut. Everyone will be dedicated to having their fun by giving you the time of your life."

He leaned over to me, "All that buzzkill crap from your porn experience is not us."

"If you can deliver on that vision, I'll do my part," I decided out loud.

Brad was immediately energized. "I'm so glad you want to do it. That's a dream come true for me."

We talked some more about the details, including compensation.

"I'm not an escort, it's not about money. I want to have fun at the party, that's enough for me."

But Brad insisted, "I have to give you something. You must have expenses. Buy a new outfit? Or can I get you a gift?"

"I'll leave that up to you," I told him, ending the discussion.

y

The party would be in two days, at their hotel, starting at ten p.m. on the last night of their vacation.

~~~~~~

At the party, I stood next to Brad as he introduced me to his eight man sales team. The large room easily accommodated the group, with plenty of seating, a king size bed, a bar setup and a giant flat screen on one wall.

He provided some details he got from me.

"Guys, I am very excited to introduce Cherry Brightly. I have had a crush on her for ten years, I'm sure you can see why...34C-23-34 if you're wondering. She joins us tonight for our party."

Applause and whistles broke out. I flashed a big smile, looked around the room at the eager faces sitting on the couches, welcoming me.

"Cherry Brightly started in porn when she was eighteen and made over seventy movies. She also won some awards for her films, including Best Gangbang Scene. She was a very popular live show performer, booked into clubs in California and Nevada, among other places.

"Cherry is our guest tonight, here to have as much fun - maybe more - than anyone else. So give her a big hand."

The applause was again enthusiastic. Men holding drinks lifted them in salute. Brad put his arm around my waist, then kissed me on the cheek.

I was wearing a party dress that displayed my assets well, the clingy fabric exposing lots of cleavage up top and ending mid-thigh on my bare legs. In pumps, I was taller than most of the men.

I walked around the room to meet each man personally, to share a few words and a hug or kiss. I tried to remember all the names: Ed, Troy, Jack, Byron...too many to retain right away.

The guys weren't shy. As I made the rounds, they were touching me, feeling, squeezing...I smiled and made light of everything.

After meeting the ninth man, Todd, I had a little task for him.

"Please help me take this off, Todd," I purred, turning my back to him, indicating the top of the zipper. He slid the clasp all the way to my butt, opening the whole back.

I lowered the dress to the floor, with a slow sway and giggles. I stepped out of it and then kicked off my shoes, receiving more applause. At the same time, the lighting was softened and a video came on the big wall screen.

I was surprised to see myself as Cherry, ten years younger, in my gangbang scene.

I stood in front of the screen, so they could see me and the video at the same time.

"Have you all watched this?" I asked, smiling but slightly unnerved.

Everyone had. Brad explained, "We downloaded some of your most popular movies. They've been playing in here full time for two days."

I hadn't seen the movie for years, but there I was, sucking and fucking with abandon.

With a little spin around, I took off my bra and hung it on a lamp.

"Do I still look as good?" I asked, grinning, arching my back, lifting my boobs in my hands.

"Oh, better," Byron said. "I like a woman who looks like she knows what's what, not a teen."

Brad came over, looking up and down my body clad only in lacy panties.

"Dance with me," he said, hand extended.

The music track on the video was just enough for us to provide a floor show for the other men as Brad held me close and spun us around the room.

Brad kept checking the video and the others called out comparisons between me and my screen image.

"You look great topless, Cherry, live and on-screen."

Brad played with my tits a little, proclaiming so everyone could hear, "She's got a beautiful pair, I'm impressed," as he fondled me and pinched my nipples.

Still dancing, I undressed Brad to his waist so I could press my jugs against his naked chest.

The men watched, noisy, yelling comments as we danced.

"She's got pokies now, all erect," one observed.

"Sure got me erect!"

"Her panties are pulled up so tight you can see her crack."

"I'm getting very damp," I commented. "Can you see that too?"

I didn't mind the attention, in fact I really was getting quite hot from the treatment. I put one hand inside my panties, dipped in my slit, and brought a finger to my mouth.

"Ummm, I love it," I told them.

I offered a finger to the crowd. "Want a taste?"

Several guys licked my outstretched fingers as Brad moved me around.

He knew how to kiss and his hands felt very good, sending tingles up and down. I moaned in appreciation and excitement, letting my head drop back in response. I could feel his hard-on; I gripped him there with one hand, squeezing and rubbing. 

Other men moved in on us, close enough to stroke and fondle me. We stopped dancing, but stayed together, rocking a little with the music, making me available.

While Brad kissed me, the men tweaked my nipples, squeezed my tits and kneaded my ass. One ran his hands up my bare legs sending a major tingle over my entire body. I couldn't help a noisy gasp. 

He was trying to feel me between my legs, exciting me. Time for the panties to go. I bent over from my waist, pulling my panties down to mid-thigh, flashing my crotch. I opened my legs so my pussy could be stroked like they wanted, in addition to everything else going on.

That felt very slutty, adding to my arousal. I was pretty damp by then, very happy, hot and horny. Fingers went in and diddled me. Men pressed close, putting their dicks against my thighs and backside groove. Someone was dipping their cock head into me from the back.

I separated from Brad, slid the panties down to my ankles and off, slowly, wiggling my ass. I knelt on the carpet in front of Ed, among the men gathered around us.

"Beautiful little heart," Ed complimented my pubes, shaved into a heart shape, my fine blonde strands barely visible.

Then he pointed to the screen and asked, "That's fake, isn't it?"

The screen showed me with a cock in my mouth and cum dripping from my lips.

"Totally real, I was there."

The others laughed at Ed, but he still looked doubtful.

"I'll convince you it's real," I assured him.

I unzipped Ed's pants and got his cock out, drawing him into my mouth.

He groaned, leaning back to push his cock deeper.

I took him out for a moment. "So nice, long and hard," I told him.

I returned to Ed, vigorously working him with a hand job and blow job combination, while all the men stripped down.

"Starting to believe it?" I asked him.

Ed just nodded.

Everyone watched closely as I sucked Ed to orgasm, the first cum shot of the night. After getting Ed's last drops, I made a display of throwing my head back with my mouth open to show the cum pool.

"Real enough?" I asked Ed, after swallowing it.

He didn't have anything to say at that moment.

I went back to Brad, positioning him on the couch. I knelt on the floor between his legs and licked his very erect, throbbing cock.

"Beautiful," I cooed while licking. "Tell me, stud, when I was your fantasy ten years ago, what did you think about me then?"

"What do you mean, Cherry?" like he didn't get it.

"I know what men do with my movies. What was in your head? Did you jack off on my face? Did you fuck me until you filled me with cum? Or something more kinky? Hmmmm?"

I licked his cock some more, then looked at him expectantly.

The guys were giving him jazz. "Yeah, Brad. What did you do with Cherry, in your dreams?"

He finally gave it up, face red, breathing heavily. "I pretended I could come on your pretty face."

"That's better, I like that. Was I on my back? Or on my knees, sucking you? What?"

I licked him between questions. He panted harder, looking worked up. His guys continued to harass him.

"On your back," he answered. "I was up over you."

I pushed away from the couch to lay on my back on the carpet.

"Come on," I told him. "Position yourself just like the way you remember." I extended my arms upward, welcoming him. He was stroking his dick as he brought it right near my face.

"That's right. Ooo, I got drops of your spit and pre-cum on my cheek. Hot, do it more."

Brad flung his wet hand on my face, then licked his palm and jerked his cock harder, spraying even more on me. I was gleeful, feeling very good, open for anything.

I pushed him, "Is anything missing? Like another guy fucking me at the same time? Tell the truth."

"Yeah, another guy," he gasped, jerking himself ever faster, short of breath.

"Jack, sweetheart. Brad wants you to fuck me." I rolled my legs back and opened wide.

Jack lost no time invading me with his dick, plunging deep into my total wetness, giving me the most delicious erotic heat in my body. My boobs had swelled, my nipples were solid posts, my clit was poking out from its hiding place. I was hot, hot, hot.

I panted while asking, "Brad, should my mouth be open or closed?"

"Closed, stick your tongue out through your lips," he answered quickly.

"Oh, very seductive," I said before doing exactly what he asked.

He came, grunting and twitching, splashing my face with an initial shot of cum followed by more lines and then drips as he finished up. My tongue licked around my lips, finding copious cum. I took his cock and squeezed a few more drops onto my face, then licked him clean.

Brad gave a big exhale sigh and dropped down beside me, temporarily out of the action.

Jack was fucking me wildly, inflamed by my facial from Brad right in front of him. Cum was still dripping off my cheeks but I didn't bother with it. They wanted a porn star, didn't they?

I humped frantically against Jack, matching him stroke for stroke. We were both breathing hard, glistening with sweat, moving rapidly up the scale to the inevitable.

I got there first, climaxing with a very noisy outburst and thrashing around, pounding and yelling at Jack to keep going, harder and faster as I burst over the top.

My coming was the trigger Jack needed, exploding and filling my pussy with his cum as he groaned and arched into me. We collapsed together and lay there a minute, hugging.

When I got up, I gave him a little kiss, then went to lay on a couch where Cole was sitting alone. With my head on his lap, one cheek against his dick, I put two fingers into my liquid pussy, then licked it off. I painted some on my body and licked more.

The men were watching me, fascinated, maybe spellbound.

"What's on the video now?" I asked. I couldn't see the screen from my position but I heard a lot of sex sounds.

Cole said, "You're on all fours with two guys banging your mouth and...um...bottom."

"In my ass? Or pussy?" I asked innocently.

"Um, pussy," he clarified.

I turned over on all fours, "Show me, big guys," I said, taking Cole in my mouth and pointing to Lee, a man who had been in the outer circle.

Cole and Lee actually were big, my treat, one in each end like the video. They bore down with synchronized force, to let me have a serious reaming, generating a strong reaction as I gave it right back. My tits bounced underneath as I was pounded, forward and back, along with yelping, shaking and writhing, tossing my hair around, soon feeling another orgasm expanding as it swept over my body.
