 Surveying the crowded room I met eyes with several people I knew, mostly men from parties like this one I've been to before. Oh, let me introduce myself, I'm Cheryl. Just Cheryl. We don't use last names at these kinds of parties and if we encounter people we recognize from them on the street somewhere we don't acknowledge each other, at least not directly. I've been coming to, and at, parties like this for almost two years now. They are organized online by people in some of the chat rooms I hang around in, and it took a while before I was known enough to be invited. Of course, being a woman helps a lot, as it seems like there are always plenty of men interested. The people organizing the parties don't require an even gender balance, but they try to not get things too skewed.

So, like I said, when I entered the room, I got a few eyes. I'm not stunning by any means, but I keep fit, and I was dressed for the evening. I'm small, only five-three, and about a hundred pound soaking wet, but my ass is firm and well shaped and my arms and shoulders are sculpted, which keep my breasts, never as large as I would have liked, perky. I was wearing an outfit that was strapless and complimented the development of my back and shoulders nicely. So having a few heads turned towards me made me feel warm and helps get me in the mood. I turn plenty of heads walking into a club, but in this room where everyone knows they're getting laid is a harder sell. Or so I hoped it'd be a hard sell... I'm here for sex, just like everyone else here, but this is not your ordinary orgy, this is a fantasy party. We post our fantasies on the message board and sometimes things get arranged in advance, and sometimes they happen spontaneously. When you enter the foyer you fill out a name badge with your handle and then fill in the appropriate codes. Some codes are for your requirements, like safe sex only or opposite sex only, and some codes are for preferences, like whether or not you prefer to be dominated or are into multiple people at once, that sort of thing. Some people pick up a mask. I've never used a mask, but I've made it with guys who do and it's a little kinky, especially since they know who I am, but they could be anyone out on the street. I get a little wet sometimes fantasizing about it when I'm standing in line somewhere, like, is that guy checking me out and smiling at me someone I've blown? 

I've been to six of these parties now and I've really gotten into it. The organizers screen people pretty well, and they make sure that everyone coming is well aware of the terms, so I've never felt the least bit uncomfortable. I've found that liberating. I'd always hated men coming on to me in clubs or when I was out and about. Some men are nice and go about it in a nonthreatening manner, but most are just creepy. So it's wonderful to feel like I can be as free as I want and when I say no that will be the end of it. Knowing that tends to make me more likely to say yes.

Tonight, I'd posted an elaborate fantasy and several members… oh, and I mean members, had posted that they were interested as well. As I walked through the room I felt hands reaching out to caress as I walked by. One guy slid his hand up along the seam of my stocking to just under the soft fuzz of my mound. I'd worn silk underwear tonight because I really liked the way it felt when someone was fondling or caressing me through them, and I really liked how they felt when they were sliding down my legs. I smiled at him as I slowly inched my way through the crowd. 

I headed to the area of the room where I'd posted I'd be, when I was startled to be grabbed from behind and spun around. As I stumbled, a bag was placed over my head. My arms were pinned behind me and cuffs were placed on my wrists. Without a word, it felt like four or five men were hustling me out of the room. I wondered if anyone in the crowded room had noticed, the area I'd been in was a darker section designed for people who were making out. I was taken into a side room and as the door closed the noise from the room subsided. A hand clamped over my mouth and a voice whispered in my ear, "do what you're told and everyone will have a good time." This was part of my fantasy, and the guys were making it real. Part of my fantasy fit nicely with some that other people had posted, so I had a pretty good idea what I was in for, but nonetheless, I felt powerless to do anything but what they wanted. I was becoming wet and I squirmed a bit squeezing my thighs together.

The bag was removed from my head and I caught a quick glimpse of my captors, but just as quick a blindfold was placed over my eyes. I was sat down in a chair and my heels were removed. Rough hands held my arms down and they were strapped in place. What I'd seen, I liked. No one in the room was an Adonis, but a couple of them were nicely built. What I'd noticed was that they all were looking hungrily at me. I liked that. The man who'd removed my heels spread my legs a little and was running a finger up the inside of my thigh and was teasing the area between the edge of my stocking and the bit of hair that was peeking out from the edge of my panties, my dress having ridden up when I was seated. I shuddered in pleasure, that sort of feeling that is right on the edge of tickling, but feels so good you don't want it to stop.

Without a word he stopped and started massaging my feet. The lace stockings I was wearing made his hands feel really good as he caressed and rubbed. As he was working my feet I heard the sounds of clothing being removed. Someone slipped his hand inside my top and was lightly pinching my nipple. I sucked air as the feelings coursed through my body. The light pinching suddenly turned into a hard twist and I gasped in pain. On my left side, where my hand was, I felt the warm, soft tickle of what I was sure was the head of a semi-erect cock on the back of my hand. I turned my hand over and closed it around the member which was quickly going from semi, to fully erect. I couldn't move my arm much, but I didn't need to, he started slowly pumping in time to my squeezing. I love the way a cock feels, from the oh-so soft skin to the way the skin glides across the firmness beneath. I love everything about cocks and even when I've not been seeing anyone, I'd wished I could have a penis to play with. Oh, to be sure, I am very glad I'm a woman, but it would be fun to have a cock and balls on occasion. Sometimes I get tired of having to deal with a man in a relationship, but I've never gotten tired of playing with a penis. Of course, lately I've quite enjoyed playing with several at once...

The man at my feet had stopped massaging them and had moved up closer. I could feel him cup his cock with my feet and slowly stroke himself. This was *hot* and I was now very aroused. I wondered what the other men were doing, and I entertained visions of them masturbating while watching me being used like this. 

The man pumping my hand was increasing his tempo and moaning. Suddenly, with a shuddering jerk, he stopped, and I closed my hand around his cockhead just in time to feel warm wetness. This man had just come in my hand! I was so horny I could not stand it, but there was nothing I could do! I kept my hand closed around his penis and could feel it start to deflate a little as warm, sticky come ran between my fingers. He pulled his cock out of my hand and moved over to my head where he turned me so my mouth found his softening member. I took him in my mouth, tasting his come. As long as I can remember I have enjoyed the taste and feel of come. Some men taste different, but for the most part it tastes the same, and I enjoy the way it doesn't quite dissolve in the back of my throat. He didn't have much left, but I was slowly sucking his now flaccid cock in and out of my mouth. I think even more than sucking on a hard penis, this after-orgasm flaccidity is even more enjoyable. I like the insistence of a man just getting close to coming, and I like the languid acceptance of my lips and tongue after he has.

As he pulled away, I could still feel his come on my hand. Another man came up to me and placed his very firm cock in that hand, slippery with come, and curled my fingers around him.  He immediately started pumping away, my fingers tight, unable to hold him because of the previous lubrication. Meanwhile, the guy fucking my feet was steadily jerking himself which was causing me to rock back and forth a bit. I felt a hand on my head and was turned to the side where I was not surprised to find another cock. It was not offered to my mouth though, the guy was stroking himself and would only let my lips touch the head of his cock. Oooh! This was a tease! I wanted it so badly, but every time I would try to move my mouth forward he would push my head back. 

Grasping my hair he suddenly thrust into my mouth and held it in there deep. Almost touching the back of my throat, but not quite, not quite enough to hit my gag reflex. Slowly he slid ever so slightly back and then in again. His pubes were trimmed but still long enough to tickle my nose and I was moaning in pleasure as he worked my face. As he held in deep for a bit I snaked my tongue out and licked his balls. Guys love that for some reason, but it took me forever to be able to open my mouth enough to do it and I still can't if his cock is too large. While I was doing that I felt warm drops on my inner calf on my right leg, the guy at my feet had just come and was holding still now. I wriggled my toes to grasp his penis and squeezed. My toes are long and I can do quite a lot with them as many a man has found to his delight.

He slowly opened my legs and lowered his face to my mound and started lightly running his tongue up and down on the outside of my labia, circling in closer to my clit. I was bucking so hard now that the guy whose cock I had in my mouth grabbed my hair tighter and pushed as far in as he could go and started coming which triggered my own orgasm from the awesome oral pleasing I was getting from the foot job guy! As he started to withdraw his cock from my mouth I grabbed his leg as much as I could with my arms bound and held him close to me while I ran my tongue around his rapidly shrinking member, milking the last bit I could from it.

I was exhausted and the whole time the only thing that had been said was that bit at the first. As I sat there slumped in the chair the bindings on my arms were removed and a towel was placed in my hand. Then nothing. No one said anything so I reached up to take off the blindfold and the room was empty. I hadn't seen anyone close enough in the darkened room to know who they were! I shivered in delight thinking about running into one of them at the mall, it makes it so much more exciting speculating on the look some guy is giving me. I can't wait until the next party!

Respectfully submitted November 2, 1997 by Cheryl