 Julie was late. As she said her goodbyes to Jeff, she lingered over a hug only to look at her watch.

It was 5:00 and Sylvia was going to be pissed off. They were supposed to meet for an early dinner and there was no way she would make it by 5:30.

She got to her car as fast as she could and hit the expressway. Yeah, Friday traffic, everyone trying to get home or away. It was busy. She managed to pull up to the restaurant at 5:50 and ran in. She gingerly sat down, acutely aware of her tender ass, out of breath and a bit flustered. Sylvia couldn't help but notice the care with which she sat down.

"I'm so sorry I got tied up Sylvia! I couldn't get away."

"What were you doing and why is your butt so sore?" Sylvia was letting a myriad of possibilities form in her head. She didn't like being kept waiting, even by her friends.

"Ummm, that? I'm not sure. Sitting too long maybe?" Julie was at a loss as to how to sidestep Sylvia's observation.

Sylvia was particularly perceptive with people. She had grown up having to look after herself in a rough neighborhood and was astute at picking out a motive or weakness. She also got a sense of power, having leverage over a person, even her friends. She loved them dearly, but it was almost predatory, if only to protect them from themselves. 

"You're late because you just had sex, didn't you?" Sylvia asked with a critical gaze that pierced Julie's resolve.

"What? How could I possibly...?" Julie stammered.

At that moment, the server came and Julie was relieved to order a glass of wine and ignore Sylvia's question. Sylvia noted the relief and pounced on her again after they ordered.

"I didn't know you liked anal," Sylvia pressed.

"Sylvia!" Julie objected.

"Where were you?" Sylvia continued to interrogate.

Julie knew it was no use. Sylvia wasn't going to let up on her. "Carson Suites," she relented with an embarrassed blush.

"Who was it?"

"No one you'd know," Julie answered evasively.

"Look, Julie, I know you girls pretty well. Don't fuck with me. Now the question is, who ARE you fucking with? I know that Jim is working. You aren't doing something stupid, are you?"

"Okay," Julie relented. "You know that band we're going to see this weekend?"

"Yes."

"Cheryl knows one of the guys in the band, the bass player. They'd never met in person before a couple days ago, but they connected on this erotic story site. He writes stories for her to masturbate to."

"Masturbate? Why? I thought she couldn't handle Ted as it was," Sylvia was getting curious.

Julie sighed. "I don't think you're going to like this," Julie went on. "Cher gets turned on by stories about her friends."

"What? You mean like you, me and Tannis?"

"Precisely. The two of them work out ideas, he writes stories for her about the ideas. If they're good enough to make her cum, he posts them to the site."

"Stories about US on the internet? Fuck, that little bitch!" Sylvia was fuming now.

She paused her tirade as the server brought the wine. The two women ordered the special, some kind of fish. Neither of them was paying much attention to anything else right now.

"The names are changed," Julie attempted to defend Cheryl.

"So I assume it was this bassist/author/'what else does he do?' who took your ass this afternoon."

"Yes." Julie was now sheepish.

They continued through dinner and Julie told everything she knew, including what he was like and just how she ended up in his hotel room, ass up in the air.

Sylvia put on an air of forgiveness as they parted. She wasn't angry with Julie anymore but very annoyed with Cheryl. When she got home, she did the same thing as Julie and found Literotica, and using the ID Julie provided, found the author's page.

There they were: stories about Cheryl and fantasies that seemed to fit her perfectly. There was one thing that stood out to her and made her see red, though. From what she could see, she hadn't made an appearance in the stories except a passing reference to a phone call. Fuck Cheryl, she'd have loved to go to Britney Spears with her. The bastard completely ignored her as fantasy material.

"This is stupid. They're just stories," she tried to soothe her ego. She was looking for anything and decided to read some other stories.

She got a bit of a clue as she read a shorter story. It was kind of a turn on but jumped straight to sex. "Fake It to Make It", though, that was interesting. If in fact Cheryl was feeding details to this guy, she could see why maybe she wasn't a fixture in his stories. He liked blatant girly-girls -- lingerie, submissive, eager to please him. He did give them room to grow though. They weren't just ornaments. 

"Oh, a threesome." She became enrapt in the scene where Sonia and Vanessa surprise Dave Hunter for his birthday.

"My god! Sonia sounds just like me the first time I tried that," Sylvia thought to herself as she started to drift into an erotic euphoria, suddenly craving a stiff cock in her hungry cunt and a pussy to fuck with her mouth.

Her eyes didn't leave the screen as she used one hand to scroll and the other to tease and fuck herself. It was almost like she was in Sonia's head, watching Dave fuck their girlfriend Vanessa from behind when she came hard, shaking in the desk chair. 

After recovering from her orgasm, Sylvia was again annoyed that she had been excluded from any stories that she was aware of. She had a lot more going on than any of them and she knew how to use it better, too, she thought. 

"Hey, that gives me an idea."

*

Jeff had managed to arrange a table for six at the edge of the dance floor. The manager was happy to oblige; this band hadn't asked for much and they got the crowd dancing a lot. That was pretty decent for an opener.

His band-mates were in the club early too, doing a gear check to prepare for the last show. It was a sold out night and they needed to be on their game.

"Excuse me? Just how is it that you have a bunch of women coming to see you so far from home?" asked Dave, the drummer.

"That? Oh, Facebook," Jeff evaded.

"Facebook? Have they even seen your face? Hope they ain't from the Chicago dog pound," Dave poked more.

"If you only knew," Jeff grinned wryly.

The club filled up fast for the show to start at nine o'clock. Cheryl and her friends arrived at 8:00. Jeff was there to greet them and all the introductions were made, but for one. 

"Where's Sylvia?" he asked Cheryl.

"I don't know. She said she wasn't quite ready and told us to go on ahead. She's driving herself."

Jeff chatted with the girls for about 10 minutes when he noticed Cheryl's jaw-dropped expression as she looked toward the club entrance. Sylvia was completely inappropriately dressed for the club, but absolutely stunning. She was wearing a tight thigh length dress that formed to her hourglass shape as though it was made only for her. The neckline dropped from her shoulders to reveal just enough cleavage to attract attention but not be slutty. Underneath it all, she must have had some support because her breasts stood proudly. She carried herself with confidence as she glided across the floor in four inch heels. She was magnificent and she was intent on making it known.

She ignored the gawking and made her way straight to Cheryl and Jeff. "Is this the famous musician I've heard so much about?"

Jeff made no apology for his full length appraisal as he was introduced to Sylvia. "You're every bit as beautiful as Cheryl has told me. How long did that take?" he said with a wink.

Sylvia wanted to slap him, but quickly remembered her plan. "Oh my, such quick wit. Just like your male characters."

Jeff cast Sylvia a quizzical, amused smirk then excused himself. "Listen, you girls have a great time. I'll get to see you after ten o'clock when our set is done, but I gotta go."

It was a rollicking set and the crowd really enjoyed the show. Jeff paid special attention to Cheryl's crew as they danced, getting off the stage to join them on a couple of songs. Debbie was the most flirtatious of the group, openly stroking his chest while he played in front of them. Jeff caught the flash of a white garter strap as Sylvia did a turn and her skirt rode up her leg. She winked when she noticed that he had caught that little slip. 

The girls were a little over-dramatic with their applause at the end of the set, but they certainly did have their fun. Jeff had to pack off a bit of gear, taking it back to his hotel room where he freshened up to return to his new friends. When he returned, a couple of the band members were at the table. Cheryl was paying special attention to the young guitar player who reminded her of her husband. Sylvia seemed to be having quiet but terse words with Debbie. Jeff took off his jacket and took a seat next to Tannis. She seemed to be a carefree soul, not eager to get mired in friendship politics. She was a blast to talk to: a very sexy and successful woman who didn't seem to have any axes to grind.

Tannis turned at Sylvia's tap on her shoulder. "I think you've had enough of our friend's time, don't you? I've hardly had a chance to get acquainted." Tannis knew the sweetness in her voice was veiling a subtle threat. Sylvia was the unelected boss of this crew and very tough. That was okay though. Tannis joined Cheryl and the guitar player.

"You know, I am not as bitchy as you think I am.", Sylvia purred as she stroked his chest. "In fact, I've read some of your other stories and I really like how you handle your women. That is you handling your women, isn't it? And I like how they handle you."

"That's the beauty of fantasy. I get to be who I want or have my characters be who I want. But I have learned a lot about me through my characters."

"I do like your fantasies, Mr. Hunter. Was it?" she giggled as she shifted in her chair, unabashedly revealing for certain a white garter strap.

Just then, Debbie sat down on the other side of Jeff, attracting Sylvia's angry glare. "That was a great show! When are you guys leaving?"

Just as Jeff answered, "Tomorrow afternoon," the headline act was announced with a massive crescendo of instruments. 

Sylvia was pissed at Debbie's intrusion. She didn't even know why the little bitch was there. She and Cheryl had a falling out and Debbie was pretty rough on Sylvia's friend. Sylvia tugged Jeff's attention away from Debbie. It was difficult to talk with the band playing, but it did keep things more private. 

Debbie huffed then sat back to enjoy the performance. Looking over at one point, she noted Jeff's jacket hanging off the back of his chair. She wasn't a thief, but very snoopy. She nonchalantly reached to the exposed hip pocket of his jacket and felt a smooth card. Tugging it out, she realized it was a room access card. She smirked to herself and pocketed it. 

Sylvia was getting very close to Jeff and she was gently stroking his calf with hers. "You guys were good, but I don't really like this band. Can you get us out of here?" she persuaded.

Did he really need to say anything more? He grabbed his jacket, took Sylvia by the hand and found the waitress to settle up.

The pair made their way to his hotel, only a couple of doors down from the club. It was good to get out in the fresh air. Sylvia started talking about his stories.

"I've heard that Cheryl gives you ideas for your stories, and that she likes to use her friends. You must know a lot about us," she probed.

"You're all full of surprises. It's been fun meeting you," Jeff responded.

"Tell me, now that you've met me, don't you think I'm worth more than some passing reference? I mean seriously, REAL tits, gorgeous feet if I do say so myself. I think you've been missing out." Sylvia presented her case more as a plea than to challenge him. She knew what she was doing. 

"Maybe I haven't had the right inspiration. Plus, I have a very filthy mind and, no doubt, there are more stories to come. AND, Cheryl is a greedy, demanding customer."

"I'd loooove to read about me. How about," Sylvia paused for effect. "How about I give you some inspiration, Mr. Hunter?" Sylvia stuck her tongue out at him.

"Good play, Miss Chase, but I think that warrants some correction," Jeff adopted a stern tone.

My god. This woman, despite being a bit older, was not a bad image of his character, Sonia Chase. Sylvia was a bit more curvy and voluptuous than he envisioned Sonia, and she was blonde instead of brunette, but apart from that, she had a very elegant face and demeanor. Her ass was a little more luxurious than Sonia's, but that was a bonus. In form and attitude, she fit the dress perfectly. There was something too that was picquing his interest that he couldn't put his finger on.

"Are you going to take me for extra studies, sir?" Sylvia asked with mock concern. 

They entered the hotel and Dave reached for his key card before getting to the elevator. He was surprised it wasn't there, but he could get another. 

After a couple of minutes, they were on the elevator to the sixth floor. Far from what Jeff had heard about Sylvia, she was playing submissive to him. They walked down the hall as she had one hand snaked up his bicep and the other resting on the same arm, leaning into him as they walked. She stood deferentially as he unlocked and opened the door. 

"You were very disrespectful down there, sticking your tongue out at me, little one," he chastised as he led her into the room. 

"But, Jeff, I was only trying to show you one of my talents," she responded with a hint of mock remorse.

"It doesn't matter why. You will have to learn to channel your talents more appropriately. Take off your dress."

As the zipper came down, a flood of imagined memories washed over Jeff. At first, there was the gleam of white fabric under the dress. Sylvia shimmied the tight garment down her body revealing a white corselette adorning her torso. Combined with the garters, nude stockings and the black, ankle cuff pumps - "That's what it was!" - he was overcome with the vision of Sonia Chase undressing for a punishment at Dave Hunter's birthday. The realized deja vu was powerful. He had agonized over that whole scene, to the point of frustration, but this was the greatest tribute he could ever have received. It was way better than some lame rating.

He had to draw from his character to maintain a sense of control. He was glad she didn't see his jaw drop. Sylvia was most definitely playing him, but he would play right back at her.

"Sylvia, it would seem that you have an understanding of your place here. Bend over the bed." Jeff firmly pressed against her lower back, then using his foot, he nudged to part her legs.

"Do you like what you see, teacher?" Sylvia purred in encouragement as she turned her face toward him.

Did he ever. Her form was perfect. The dark seams of her stockings provided a path to her luscious wide ass that was peek-a-booing from under the hem of the corselette. Her pussy lips seemed to be protruding past the now wet satiny material of her panties, inviting whatever was to come.

Jeff stood to her side, and gently grabbed a handful of her smooth, soft hair. He moved his other hand over her back. He pressed firmly over the material and to her skin, at first caressing then deeply kneading her flesh with his fingers. Sylvia responded with an involuntary rocking against the edge of the bed. His hand glided down to the stocking tops, then up the skin of her thigh, stopping just short of her now needy pussy. She arched her back, attempting to gain even the slightest touch of his fingers.

"Have you forgotten? You were very disrespectful, Sylvia." At that, she felt his hand leave her skin. Anticipation gripped her and she felt what she was waiting for. The crack was firm and loud, but stung only a little. She yelped in delight. 

"I think I was more disrespectful than that, sir."

Again, the unseen hand came down, this time with a flatter palm and a tug against her hair.

"Sir! I promise to be more respectful!"

"I have no doubt you will, little one." He brought his hand down again several times. Sylvia yelped at the combined sting and tingle that overcame her round ass and plump pussy. Then the assault stopped, with Jeff's hand resting persistently in the cleavage of her ass cheeks. She felt his fingertip press over her tight asshole before it seemed to part her lips through her panties. 

Sylvia sighed at the morsel of release offered her. She rocked her hips back into his hand and this time he cooperated. She could feel the material stretching inside her wet cunt in a teasing probe that only increased her lust. Suddenly, she was released from his hold and she heard the jangle of his belt buckle and "zzzzz" of his zipper. In the briefest of moments, he was behind her and her sodden panties were pulled over an ass cheek and her pussy was filled with his cock. 

Sylvia gasped as he sunk immediately into her hole. There was no thrusting, but a strong rotation of his hips which she met with her own. She pushed her ass up in the air as much as possible, attempting to gain some relief for her throbbing clit. 

The relief didn't come. She was shocked as Jeff withdrew as quickly as he entered. He grasped the back of her lingerie to pull her to her feet. 

"Get down and suck it. I want to taste your cunt on your lips."

As quickly as he invaded her, Sylvia engulfed Jeff's dripping cock. She had barely gotten to sucking though when he liifted her to her feet again and hungrily kissed her. "Mmmm.... whose pussy do you want me to taste on your mouth, little slut?" 

By this time, Sylvia wanted nothing more than more people at her disposal. "Actually, what I want is for Cheryl to be very apologetic with me for using her friends like she has. What I want is for you to taste my pussy off her mouth."

That image threw Jeff into lust. He pushed Sylvia to the edge of the bed again, and lay her back with her legs in the air. Quickly discarding his remaining clothes, he spread her wide, revealing her open channel and thrust his tongue inside her. Sylvia moaned deeply as he lapped at her, from asshole to clit. She was soaked with his spit and easily allowed two of his fingers to slide into her. He kept a hand on one thigh while he worked her pussy with his other and she let the free leg drape over his back. He loved the thought of stockings and heels on his skin and that only encouraged his hungry feast on her wet lips and clit. Sylvia was nearly uncontrollable as her hips and legs undulated to the rhythm of the thrusts of his fingers and prodding of his tongue.

Almost without warning, she tensed against him. "Fuuuuuuck! I'm cumming!" she cried, not sure if she needed to tug him in or push him away. He pressed tightly into her, allowing no escape and she surrendered to the pleasure with a wail.

She furiously bucked against his face, smearing her juices all over his cheeks, chin and mouth. As she relaxed, Jeff slowed his pace and she flinched at each caress to her very tender clit. 

"God, I love when it starts like that! Get up here!" She tugged his head to her face and licked and cleaned all over it. Then she purred in a husky voice, "I know you fucked some of my friends, but I know that none of them sucked your cock like I'm gonna. Lie down."

Sylvia got on her knees between Jeff's legs and tipped her mouth to his balls. This thrust her lingerie covered ass in the air. She seemed to be putting on a show as she lifted her feet, raising her stocking covered legs and high-heeled feet to either side of her body. That was the erotic vision presented to him as Sylvia stuck out her tongue to lick the base of his sac. As she took a mouthful of scrotum, she reached up a hand to stroke his cock. Murmuring and slurping, she devoured him.

The sensory overload was glorious and Jeff wanted to cum. It wasn't imminent but he wanted to demonstrate his pleasure over Sylvia. He tugged her head toward him, encouraging her to take his cock again. Sylvia was eager and didn't play hard to get. She got up on her elbows and licked his shaft over its full length. She teased the tip with her tongue, winked, and took it in her mouth. She drooled over his cock with each stroke of her lips and tongue, wetting it as she gripped the base of his shaft.
