 Louise parked her BMW car at the far side of the playing fields and stepped carefully from it. She was clad in a long, grey raincoat and had the collar right up to hide as much of her features as possible. Big, dark sunglasses completed her disguise. She watched the soccer match unfold on the pitch some distance away and immediately picked out the figure of her husband, Jamie passing the ball to a colleague.

"Bastard!" she swore under her breath. Just last week she had discovered that for the past three months he had been fucking an eighteen year old that worked in his office behind her back. This was to be her idea of revenge.

The match, which was nearly finished, was between to fierce rivals and Jamie was acknowledged as the star of his team, United and was universally loathed by the other team ,City. Louise made her way around the fields quickly and was soon at the entrance to City's changing rooms. They were deserted, she waited a moment, heard the whistle and saw Jamie and his team celebrate, they had won, so much the better for her plan. She hurried inside and hid in a cubicle. 

Seconds later from behind the cubicle door she heard the team enter, at first subdued and disappointed then angry and shouting and accusing. And then Jamie's name brought up.

"And as for that bastard in the middle, fucking poser, you should have broken him in two Chopper! Thinks he's so fucking great, Mister Flash car, Flash suit and sexy fucking wife!"

It was a cue if ever Louise had heard one. Thrusting the sunglasses into the jacket pocket she burst from the cubicle to be confronted by the losing team, in varying states of undress, either standing or sitting by the lockers. Louise waited until their eyes took her in and one by one they all stopped what they were doing and stared at her, most recognising her as Jamie's wife, those that didn't quickly picked that fact up. Once all eyes were upon her she undid the belt around her jacket and let the jacket fall to her ankles, clearly showing that under her jacket she did not have a stitch of clothing on!

The men gaped, wide-eyed and shocked, not only was the sexy wife of their rivals star player in their dressing room but she was stark naked and very evidently had more in mind than just stripping. And boy, was she sexy. At five foot four Louise was petite and perfectly shaped. Nice pert 36c breasts were firm atop her athletic chest and her legs were as well toned as a gymnasts. She had light brown, shoulder length hair and piercing baby-blue eyes that looked oh-so innocent. Not so innocent was the closely shaved pussy that displayed a minute trim of pubic hair above her cunt that all the men in the dressing room could not tear their eyes off of.

Pretty much all the guys were thinking "What the fuck are you doing here?" but they all seemed too dumbstruck to voice that so it was up to Louise to take charge and explain her presence and current state of undress. 

"Hello boys! For those of you who don't know who I am, let me introduce myself I am Louise and I am married to Jamie, United's number eight. And as he and his team have just fucked you up on the pitch I am here to be totally fucked by all of you. And I mean ALL of you!"

In all there were sixteen men (eleven players, two substitutes, manager, assistant and physio) standing staring and listening to this beautiful 29 year old woman make this claim and without exception they were stunned and beginning to get turned on.

"Why? You are all probably asking. Well my darling husband has been fucking a young thing at his office and this is how I want to get back at him, look, I've set up a video camera over the cubicle that will capture the whole thing and I want him to see it. Well? Are you lot up for it?"

It took City's big, black midfielder, Delroy, who had a fierce tussle with Jamie that afternoon to start things off, walking forward in just his shorts saying "Hell yeah Bitch, lets do it."

What a sight he presented strutting towards the naked woman in front of him. Muscles on his torso shining under the harsh glare of the lights, he was six feet and built so well and hung like a horse as the other guys had seen in the showers. As he moved towards Louise he whipped off his shorts and showed her his huge erection and smiled insanely at her. Instinctively Louise sunk to her knees before him and he grinned right into the camera as her mouth stretched to try and accept his massive black cock into it.

"I bet your old man hasn't got a cock like that Louise." He stated.

Letting the meat slip from her slobbering mouth for a second she spoke up to Delroy, "No. Jamie has a tiny dick." 

The dressing room descended into a nervous laughter and just before slipping the big cock back into her mouth Louise said "Come on you lot I've got other holes as well you know."

As Delroy slipped his thick cock back into her waiting mouth and placed his hands on the back of her head in readiness to fuck her face some of the others started getting up and moving towards them. Louise began to deep throat the massive member in her mouth and as much as she could smiled in pleasure. She was a slut, had always been one but when she started going out with Jamie she had promised to be faithful despite her nymphomaniac tendencies. That was over now and the beast was out of the cage again and she was ravenous for cock.

Two of the younger guys were next to step forward and as they walked either side of her she reached out her hands and grabbed their cocks and began to masturbate them as they told her what she was and what they were going to do to her in seconds. By now a forth man had got in behind her and as he kneeled down he lifted her bum up so that she rocked forward and deeper onto the cock buried in the mouth and he eased himself in under her arse and slid his cock into her wet cunt.

Louise felt like a dirty bitch in heat and was loving it! By now any reticence had disappeared from the men and they were all up for it and into the whole atmosphere of sweat and sex that hung in the dressing room. Several more were now around the knelling Louise and were tossing their cocks awaiting their turn. Her face began to gag and choke and Delroy's movements became more erratic. He pulled his cock from her gasping mouth and emptied a massive load of cum all over her pretty face. 

As white cum dripped from her face he looked at the camera and gave a thumbs up "that one's for you, you dickhead!"

Louise guided the two guys whose dicks she was manipulating forward to her face and they wondered who was going next in her mouth when she dragged both and stretched her mouth and pulled them in so that both their tips were inside her pretty red lips. For a second this freaked them out but quickly realised that if an incredibly sexy woman wants two helmets in her mouth at one time then you do all you can to please her. Her tongue smoothly glided over both their cocks and her hands reached up to cup and caress their balls. God, she felt dirty doing this and that only spurred her on to filthier, nastier acts.

Before that happened though she felt the cock inside her that was taking her doggy fashion, stiffen and tense up inside her and seconds later felt a blast of hot semen being fired deep inside her. As she fed the two young, stick pricks into her mouth she saw two guys debate as to who would go next in her cunt. Louise slid the two cocks out for a second and gasped "Why don't you both go next, come on, one lie down and I'll fit over him and the other can do me from behind, I'm sure I can fit two cocks in there!"

They looked unsure for a second but the fact that this was the willing wife of their deadly rivals best player made their minds up and with a nod to each other they manoeuvred into Louise's suggested positions. She now worked the two cocks that had been in her mouth with each hand again, rolling back the foreskins and alternating taking a lick of each one or slipping them separately into her mouth to prod her cheek like a huge toothbrush. Then she felt the first cock below her enter her pussy swiftly followed by a second. They squeezed together inside her and she felt her pussy walls expand.

Oh!!!!!!!!!! That felt so good and yet so bad! She managed to tear her concentration back to the twitching cocks by her face as the two cocks buried in her vagina began to slowly edge back and forth inside her. But the two guys stood before her were already feeling their balls contract and spunk begin to wind it's way through their systems and simultaneously they fired salvos of cum onto both sides of Louise's already cum soaked face. Both her wide open eyes were splashed with their cum and it dripped in streams down her cheeks, some spilling into her mouth and the rest cascading over her chin and onto her fine cleavage. As their spent cocks shrunk and withdrew Louise reached up and took them into her mouth one by one and sucked up any residue spunk still left in there and kissed the ends of them as they moved away.

More guys replaced them almost immediately, those men that didn't want to fully participate in this gang-bang orgy seemed quite content to stand a few paces from Louise and jack off and fire more and more sticky white fluid onto the rapidly obliterated face. The two guys in her pussy had developed a rhythm whereby as one slid in the other slid out and Louise had never felt sensations such as her pussy was receiving, even with her vast array of sex toys at home. It was so intense. The guys must have felt it too as they could not sustain it for too long and within seconds Louise felt both guys cuming inside her one after the other.

For a moment there was no cocks in any of her orifices and she revelled in the feel of slimy cum dripping from her face and chest and from between her legs, she looked at where the video camera sat through blurred eyes and licked her lips.

"Come on boys, whose next?"

At that challenge the teams manager came forth, he was a heavy set guy in his fifties and he wasted no time asking "You up for it in your ass, slut?"

A nod was all the encouragement he required. He wasted no time in getting right behind her, getting his fat cock out and pulling her ass cheeks apart. Reaching his big arms around Louise's thin waist he pulled her back and shoved his cock forward, stabbing himself into her tight asshole. Geez, how good and rough that felt, she hadn't had any anal action since her marriage but as she opened her mouth to release the pent up feeling inside her the assistant manager shoved his equally fat cock right into her mouth and she widened to take it as deep as she could.

With one set of heavy, hairy balls slapping off her ass and another bouncing off her chin, Louise could barely make out the noise of the younger players cheering on their management team spit-roasting the hot, slut wife of their rival's star player. And these older guys seemed to have plenty of stamina as they rammed their cocks into either end of Louise's willing and able body for ages, putting the younger men from the team to shame. Their weather beaten hands groped and gripped Louise's nubile body for greater purchase and leverage as they thrust their members further and further into their respective holes. The manager leaned forward with his dick buried up to the hilt in Louise's welcoming arsehole and reached out and grabbed her long, cum-streaked hair and pressed her head further and further onto his assistants cock. His assistant reacted by using his thick fingers to widen Louise's gasping mouth and squeezing his hairy bollocks into her mouth behind his cock - now the full length of his cock and his balls were inside her mouth.

This was nearly too much for Louise but she was determined to be as slutty as she needed to be and breathing through her nose she tried to relax her mouth and throat and accept the hard fucking that they were receiving. Without warning the cock in her mouth began to unload spurt after spurt of cum into her throat and she swallowed hard as he pulled his length from her lips and spilled his final spurt over her glazed lips.

Within seconds of that the arse fucking became more ragged and disjointed and it became obvious he was about to cum inside her. She felt the warm liquid shoot into the deep recesses of her asshole and as he pulled his cock from her she gasped " In my mouth, come on I'll lick it clean for you!"

He stumbled around in front of her and dropped his cock into her mouth as she indulged in her first taste of ass-to-mouth action, and she felt cheaper and nastier than ever as she locked eyes with the manager then the taping camera as she sucked his spent and dirty dick clean and released him.

The rest of the guys stood around Louise in a semi-circle jacking off as she waited mouth open and eyes agog, fondling her pert breasts encouraging them to fire their loads onto her waiting face. They did not disappoint her, spurting heavy rounds onto her face over the next few minutes until her eyes were almost covered, her nostrils blocked up, her lips coated white and her hair a mess of streaked cum. She knelt there before them like that and with cum issuing forth from her ass and her pussy and ran a finger over her lips collecting a load of cum and popping it in her mouth, licking the finger clean.

The orgy was over now. The gang had banged, and many seemed embarrassed and in a hurry to get out of there, getting dressed with undue haste as Louise lay back against a wall, still plastered in their cum and as they went to leave announced.

"Thanks guys, I just want to tell you that you're all more of a man than my pathetic husband. I've got a tube here to collect your cum and I'm going to spread it on his sandwiches and burgers for the next few days."

A big cheer followed this announcement.

"I'll send you a copy of the tape once I get it done and be sure to show Jamie's team mates as well."

Another cheer.

"Oh and by the way, the Eighteen year old he's having an affair with is called Wayne……..