 Greg and Dana were enjoying their vacation at the Amusement Park, even though it was obvious by now that it was Gay Pride week. Sitting by the hotel pool with their drinks, they couldn't believe they had sat and watched two guys having sex.

As Dana jacked Greg off under the table, he noticed the older man watching him with a sensual, knowing grin. Greg and Dana began kissing each other. He leaned back in his chair and spread his legs and told Dana to sit on his lap. Since Dana was a petite woman, not much over five foot and a hundred pounds, they enjoyed this position. 

Dana climbed into Greg's lap, and he slid his hand slowly up and down her thigh. He knew she had grown very excited watching the two men, but had taken his cock in hand, and not touched herself. 

She shivered and put her arms around his neck, and began biting and licking his ear in order to encourage him on. His hand slid under her shorts and found her wetness and dipped his fingers in.

The action was under the table, and it was not completely evident what was going on, but one could just about guess. Greg noticed the two guys they had watched earlier approach their table, holding a couple of drinks. 

"Hi, my name is Bruce, and this is my partner, Andy," the older man said, gesturing toward the young-looking surfer guy with him. "We noticed you a few minutes ago," he informed them, with no further explanation required. "May we join you for drinks?"

Greg smiled and nodded, feeling a little uncomfortable with the fact that he had gotten off watching the guys sucking and finger-fucking each other. However Dana turned instantly and smiled brilliantly, obviously quite delighted.

"Please join us, by all means," she said without hesitation. "I am Dana and this handsome fellow is my husband Greg. We are on vacation without our kids for the first time. It's our pleasure to meet you Bruce and Andy. Greg sure shot his wad watching the two of you over there."

Bruce chuckled, a rich sound. "So I noticed," he said, smiling sensually at Greg, letting his eyes run over Greg's bare chest and fine body, back across Dana's small, shapely body, as she was still on Greg's lap. Dana knew he could tell her body still tingled from Greg's ministrations, as he still stroked her mound through her shorts. In fact, she was having difficulty breathing normally; and she was grateful for the darkness which covered her high color.

Bruce's color must have been high, too; and he gripped Dana's mound tightly and dug in with the heel of his hand, to show he was not too please with her bold confession. "Dana, was that really necessary?" he asked rather peevishly. "I am sorry for the intrusion, he stated taking in both Bruce and Andy, "I don't know what got into me."

"No intrusion at all," Bruce said, and Andy laughed. "We knew you were watching and decided to give you a show. You are a very attractive couple, and we were hoping to get to know you better. I have noticed that many things happen when you are on vacation far away from your home. You don't know anyone, and will probably never see them again. You can lose you inhibitions, so to speak." Bruce was a well-spoken man, as well as attractive. Andy was quiet, but seemed very friendly and open, and of course, very attractive. 

Dana always had a feeling that Greg would enjoy a gay encounter. A routine they both enjoyed immensely was when Dana would massage Greg's naked back, straying to his ass, and down. He would spread his legs and lift his ass to her. She would rub and kneed his balls, the sensitive area between his balls and ass, and run her hands up and down his crack. He never wanted her to touch his asshole. But she would lick his ass and tease his asshole with her tongue, licking back and forth, up and down and pressing as hard as she thought he would allow into his anus. She knew he loved it, but was somewhat inhibited about his ass being touched. 

This vacation was for Greg, hopefully to experience the next step of pleasure she knew was there waiting for him, and the two gorgeous guys at their table offered the chance. Of course, her hottest fantasies were of Greg being sucked by another guy, sucking cock and getting ass-fucked. 

Greg was stunned and embarrassed into silence, and Dana knew it was up to her to take the initiative. "We are here to test our limits," she replied, "actually I was delighted to discover it is Gay Pride week. I just knew we would meet some hot guys, and it has always been my fantasy to see Greg with other men."

"We're not gay," Andy spoke for the first time. Greg and Dana both just stared, unsure of what to say, but absolutely sure of what they saw. "We are bi, both of us enjoy men and women," he explained, smiling warmly at Dana, and then letting his eyes purposely slip to her breasts, which were straining at her bikini top. "I agree with Bruce. You are both very attractive, and I would love to get to know you better, as well."

Greg seemed content with his silence, a cue to Dana that he sort of wanted this, but was unable to actually voice it. She looked at Greg for approval; he raised an eyebrow and stated to no one in particular, "What do we have in mind."

"We have a wonderful bottle of wine in our room, maybe you gentlemen would care to join us for drinks," Dana offered.

"Bruce and Andy heartily agreed, both looking very pleased. "Lead on my lady," stated Bruce with a very slight bow, as he stood.

Walking to the room, Dana put a little distance between them and the guys, and whispered to Greg, "We can put a halt to this now, sweetheart. But before you answer, I want you to know that it is my biggest fantasy to see you with another man, even two; and watch you enjoy the next level of pleasure."

Greg looked into her eyes for a moment quite soberly, and she wondered if she had done the right thing. "Anything for you, my sweet," he then stated, "I am not fully comfortable with this, but I will admit I love it when you lick and play with my ass, and of course when you suck my cock."

"I know you do," she smiled sweetly at him, then turned and smiled at Bruce and Andy. "Here we are", she said, inserting the key into their door.

The suite consisted of a small front room with a dinette and a bedroom. Dana got wine and glasses and poured four drinks. "Greg, I'll bet you would like to get a shower after this long, hot day, she said, unsure of how to go about initiating this scene. 

"Sure," Greg replied, and went into the bathroom, leaving the door cracked. Momentarily they heard the shower start.

Bruce turned to Dana and asked, "Are you sure you want to do this? You do not seem like swingers. Andy and I would quite understand if you want us to leave after our drinks."

"I have always wanted to see Greg with another man, and I want him to enjoy something new. I fantasize often about this. Besides, I can tell by his preferences in our bedroom that he would get great pleasure from you and Andy when he begins feeling comfortable with it."

"Fine," Bruce said, "It will be our pleasure to join you both this evening, madam. Andy, why don't you join Greg in the shower, and get loosened up?"

"My thoughts exactly," said Andy grinning, and he didn't waste time stepping out of his shorts and into the bathroom. Dana stared openly at his naked body and semi-erect cock. In fact, this is the first time she had seen a naked man besides Greg in many years.

"Beautiful young man, isn't he?" Bruce asked, seeing where her eyes had landed. "Yes he is," she replied mimicking his charming, formal manner of speech, "and you are too my fine sir." 

"As well as yourself, my lady," Bruce stated warmly, moving toward Dana. He pressed himself against her back. She could feel his hard body and his hard cock pressing into her back. He reached around and gently pulled her breasts free of the bikini top, cupping them and rubbing the nipples to bring then to attention."

Barely able to speak, Dana said thickly, "This is more than I expected."

"I gathered as much, but let us not lose this moment," he said softly against her neck. One hand slipped into the top of her shorts, and a long finger expertly found her still swollen and slick lips. "Ah you are hot and wet," he breathed, "but we'll not fix that just yet." They stood like that, with his hand in her shorts working her cunt ever so slowly, enough to send shivers of delight through her body over and over again. 

Dana felt Bruce slightly shiver as well, as his hard and swollen cock pressed hard into her back. "Ummmm, it has been so long since I have been with a woman."

In the bathroom Andy entered the shower. "May I help?" he asked Greg, and at the brief reply to the affirmative, he moved close and began soaping Greg's chest, lingering at his nipples. He pretended no to notice Greg's cock was becoming erect, as was his own. He sensed he needed to go a little slowly. He moved a little closer, and allowed their two hard cocks to rub against each other.

"Man, I have wanted to be with you since the first time I saw you tonight," Andy stated. "Turn around and let me get your back." Greg turned and Andy went straight to rubbing Greg's ass. "Nice ass," he said. He ran his hand up and down Greg's crack, then down toward his asshole and under, stopping at his balls, and back. 

"This soap is so slippery," Andy said, as he seemingly accidentally let his finger slip down toward Greg's hole, and slipped in. Greg tightened his ass and leaned back into Andy, as his virgin ass was gently initiated. Greg began a light rocking motion and rubbed his throbbing cock with one hand. 

"Let's get out and dry off," Andy said. While drying off, Andy slipped to his knees in front of Greg and began to lick his cock and balls, while his hands roamed over Greg's ass. Greg suddenly felt weak in the knees and grabbed two handfuls of Andy's hair to secure himself.

Andy stood and looked at Greg and himself in the large mirror. "Look at me," he said, "I am so hot. My cock is throbbing." Greg got excited hearing the talk and moved his hand to Andy's dick and squeezed up and down. He was awarded with a moan of pleasure. 

"Let's get more comfortable, and see what our other halves are doing," Andy suggested. Greg felt a tiny shock as he entered the darkened bedroom with Andy and saw Dana standing in Bruce's embrace, his hand in her shorts. Her head was thrown back against Bruce's chest, and she seemed incapable of anything except enjoying the pleasure she was experiencing.

Greg knew they were at the edge of something new and exciting and actually got harder watching his wife in the embrace of another man.

"Look," Bruce said, "there is your fantasy." He increased his rhythm slightly, rubbing her tender spot with two fingers, spreading her juices around, until she felt wetness running down her leg. Dana had never felt this excited before, as she watched Greg and Andy embrace, hands roaming over each other's body. Andy then knelt before Greg and took Greg's cock into his mouth. Greg thrust with abandon into Andy's hot mouth, intent now on his own pleasure. 

Dana moaned when she saw this, and began building into her first orgasm. As the feelings rose, Bruce gripped her hard, and began the motions of dry-fucking her from behind. She panted and moaned, thrusting wildly against Bruce's hand, with her orgasm then melted into his arms.. 

Andy and Greg lay side by side on the bed, getting into a 69 position. They took each other's cocks into their mouths and shared moans and gasps began filling the room. Bruce led Dana into the bedroom and they stood beside the bed and watched. Bruce took Dana's hands into his own and rubbed them into her breasts, so she was stimulating herself. 

"Sit," Bruce said simply to her, pushing her onto the bed near Greg's head. She watched in fascination as Andy's cock went in and out of Greg's mouth, and Greg was fucking Andy's mouth. 

Dana's hand went to her cunt and she began working herself. 

Bruce lay on the bed behind Greg and said, "Now for the really good part. Watch." He reached for the lubricant Dana had conveniently left on the beside table and squirted the cold fluid onto Greg's crack. Greg jerked at the sudden cold but continued thrusting his dick into Andy's mouth. His eyes were closed as he took Andy's cock in and out of his own mouth. Dana knew he was loving it more than he thought he should. She knew how wonderful Greg's cock felt in her mouth and knew the pleasure. 

Bruce rubbed the lubricant into Greg's crack moving toward his asshole, then lubricated his asshole and pushed in one finger then two. Bruce began finger-fucking Greg, and Greg moaned and pressed harder back into Bruce's hand. "Look at my fingers fucking his beautiful ass," he said to Dana. She watched with fascination as the fingers thrust in and out, working their magic.

"Go rub your delicious cunt in your husband's face while I fuck him in the ass," he told Dana. She was dripping wet and so excited she could barely take her own hand away from herself long enough to move into position. 

Andy pulled his dick from Greg's mouth and began stroking it with his hand, without taking his mouth from Greg's cock. Dana sat on Greg's face and pressed down so he was forced to bury his face into her needy cunt. He began licking and nibbling, probably barely aware of what he was doing.

Bruce thrust the head of his cock into Greg's ass then and Greg whimpered and moaned and shook. He stilled, but kept his cock in Andy's mouth. All was still and silent except the sucking noise of Andy on Greg's cock. Then Bruce moved and thrust his cock fully into Greg's tight ass, and they both moaned in unison. Bruce began slowly fucking Greg's ass, and almost immediately Greg stiffened and came in Andy's mouth. Andy slurped and swallowed all Greg's cum, then began pumping his own cock furiously with his hands. Seconds later he shot cum all over Greg's chest and neck.

Andy kept his mouth on Greg's cock as Bruce fucked him. Bruce hugged Greg tightly from behind and toyed with his nipples, pulling them to attention.

"Don't overlook your breasts lady. Look at your husband's nipples begging for more," Bruce breathed heavily. Dana grabbed both her nipples and pulled and squeezed. She rotated herself on Greg's face, guiding his tongue to her sensitive spot. He flicked his tongue over it, and as she watched him sandwiched between two beautiful men, one sucking his cock and one fucking his ass, she gave in to an earth shattering orgasm.

Bruce pumped almost violently a few more times, then came, forcing hot cum into Greg's ass. Everyone was sated, and just lay on the bed intertwined, without knowing or caring how much time passed. Dana moved to hug Greg's face between her breasts and drifted into sleep. 

To be continued...feedback is appreciated.