 He followed Chloe down the street. Her breasts bobbed up and down and anyone could see her panties.

He had caught her that morning on her knees in her apartment after he had flown home early and now he was giving her what she wanted.

He hadn't called her to tell her he was returning early from Frankfurt, thinking that he would surprise her, which is exactly what he did.

Before he even opened up the door to her apartment, he could hear the two of them. They were laughing and joking, flirting and kissing. He heard her say, "I probably wouldn't say this if I wasn't still drunk, but I'm still feeling a little slutty."

When he responded, she said, "Can you just pull out your prick and make me suck you off?"

To make sure she wasn't joking, he waited. But then he heard a belt unbuckling, a zipper coming down and then a sucking sound. When he silently pushed open the door a few inches, he could see his girlfriend's head vigorously bobbing up and down on the guy's erect cock.

His stomach dropped, but it was so exhilarating that he just watched. Her knees were spread on the hardwood floor and the guy was trying to thrust his cock into her little mouth until she gagged. There was saliva dripping down her lips and cheeks onto the floor.

She was wearing white panties that had been pulled up her ass and a bra, with her breasts pulled out of the top of them for the guy to play with.

He closed the door silently just before he was about to come. He moaned and told her to swallow it.

Jonathan waited outside on the stairwell above her apartment. A few minutes later the guy opened the door and left.

Jonathan gave a knock on the door. He heard her footsteps approaching.

"Did you forget something?" she said as she opened the door. Her face dropped when she saw Jonathan.

"Honey, I thought you weren't coming back until Monday."

"Did you enjoy yourself?"

She knew that he knew and dropped to her knees trying to apologize. He reached down and grabbed her by the hair and pulled her hair back. He thrust his tongue into her mouth and kissed her vigorously. He could still taste the cum.

"So this is how you are," he said.

"Jonathan. I'm sorry. I didn't know how to tell you."

"Tell me what?"

"That..that I just love to please men. If they look at me, if I feel their eyes on me, I feel out of control. I want their hands on me and their tongues in me instantly and I want to suck their cocks and get on my hands on knees for them."

"Where did you find that guy?"

"On the street. He was looking at me while I was waiting to cross the street. I'm sorry. I'm a slut and I'd let almost any guy have me."

He couldn't believe what he was hearing. He just wondered how long this had been going on without him knowing. He didn't say anything for a few minutes while he thought.

Then he said, "If you want to be a slut, then you'll be a slut."

"What do you mean?"

"Take your clothes off. I'm going to dress you up and take you out."

She started to question him, then he turned back around and said, "Now. Take off your clothes."

While she was undressing, he rummaged through her closet looking for what he wanted her in. He found some black pants that were thin and fit tight. Then he found a light pink G-string that was no more than string. He added a sheer black T-shirt that could be seen through and some black high heels.

"Put these on. And make sure I can see your panties above your pants and your nipples through your shirt."

She did what he said, enjoying his new lust for treating her this way. She looked at herself in the mirror. She looked like a little slut. Anyone walking behind her could she her tight ass and her exposed panties. Anyone passing her could see her plump breasts poking through her shirt.

"Let's go for a walk."

She followed him down to the city streets.

"Walk in front of me. Whenever you hear me call your name, don't turn around. It means that whoever is looking at you wants you and you need to do anything they want to please them. Do you understand?"

"Yes," she said. "And if you want to treat me like a slut all the time, that's fine."

She continued down the street and he followed her. It was obvious to anyone that she looked almost naked, that she was trying to get attention and make men think she was a slut. Every man was looking at her.

She walked into a department store and strolled through the men's department. An older man who looked like he worked on Wall St. looked at her.

"Chloe."

She almost turned around, but remembered and turned instead to look at the other man. She stared at him provocatively and he looked back, eyeing her body. He was almost old enough to be her father but was still attractive.

"Are you looking for a suit?"

"Do you work here?" the man responded.

"No, but maybe I could help you pick it out." The man looked at her exposed breasts. "I don't mean to be so forward, but why don't you take that to the dressing room and I'll help you."

He smiled. "Sounds fine with me young lady."

They went back to dressing room and closed the door. She reached forward and grabbed his cock through his pants.

"Can I be honest with you?" she asked. He nodded. "I can't help doing whatever men want me to do."

He smiled and thought for a second. "Well then. Take your shirt off and lay back."

Then he said, "I'm going to titty-fuck you like I did to girls when I was your age."

She pulled off her shirt and her tits bounced down. She laid back at an angle while he pulled out his cock. She could hear Jonathan in the next dressing room.

The man took off his pants and stood over her. He let some saliva drop down onto her breasts. Then he dropped some onto her face and into her mouth. He dripped more onto her breasts and she rubbed it around and squeezed them together.

"Fuck them however you want. I want to be your slut."

He grabbed her by her hair and slid his large, hard cock between her tits. He did it slowly, then more forcefully, pushing his long prick into her mouth. She tried to suck it in. She squeezed her tits tighter together.

Then he grabbed her by the back of the head and stuffed his prick in her mouth. She gagged and tried to pull away.

"Open."

She opened her mouth again and again he stuck his huge cock down her throat. She started to pull away.

"Open." He repeated again. "Open."

She gagged again. "Open. Open."

He kept her mouth open and tried to control her gagging while he fucked her face in and out. The gagging was making her salivate and it was dripping off her face onto her breasts. She fell down to her knees and sucked him harder to try and please him.

"Let's see how dirty you are."

He turned around and stuck his ass in her face.

"Lick it."

She spread his ass cheeks apart and flicked her tongue back and forth on his asshole.

Jonathan had been listening to everything and was hard as wood.

She made her tongue pointed and slipped it into his ass. He reached around and grabbed her by the head and made her do it again and again. He was making her fuck his ass with her tongue, but she loved it. She felt so dirty.

He turned back around. "Stand up." She stood up. "Pull your pants down to your ankles and bend over." She did what he asked. Her naked ass stood exposed in the air.

He rubbed the tip of his prick up and down her pussy, over her lips and over her ass. The he shoved it into her soaked twat and grabbed her by the hips. He pummeled her in and out. She wanted to moan and scream to let her know how much she liked what he was doing, but she couldn't inside the dressing room.

She turned back around to look at him while he was driving his prick into her harder and harder. "If you ever want to fuck me again like this, you can. Whenever you want." Her tits swung back and forth and he just kept hammering his hips and balls against her ass. She had never been fucked this hard for so long before.

Jonathan had to see what he was hearing. He slowly stood up on the chair in the adjacent dressing room and peeked over the top. He saw his girlfriend bent over with her hands on the wall. Her ass was red from the man's hips hitting against it. He had a hold of her hair and was fucking as hard as he could.

It was amazing to see his girlfriend get so vulnerable and at the mercy of the man's hands and cock.

Finally, he pulled out, turned her around and forced her on her knees just as a stream of cum shot into her mouth and onto her lips and face. She closed her eyes and let him finish cuming on her face. She gave him one last suck to make sure it was all out of him.

She looked up at him. "Do you want me to keep sucking you?"

He laughed. "You really are insatiable. I think you need to find more cocks to fill you up."

"Will you find them for me?"

"Well, there are plenty of men I work with. Stop by my office tomorrow. At 1pm. You can take turns sucking off my partners under their desks while they work."

"Mmmm. Sounds good to me."

He handed her his card then walked out.

She was still on her knees with no shirt and her pants around her ankles when Jonathan came in. She had cum all over her face.

"Did you like that?" she asked.

"Yes. I see now what you need." He reached down and kissed her and fondled her wet breasts. He stuck his hand between her legs and rubbed her soaked pussy. She hadn't had an orgasm and his fingers playing with her sent shivers up her. He quickly brought her to the point of orgasm, then stopped. 

"Pull your pants up you little slut and lick that cum off your face."

She did as he asked. She could feel her pussy still throbbing and her mouth was coated with cum. As she pulled up her pants, another man came into the dressing room. As he passed, he looked at her. Jonathan saw the glance.

"Chloe."

Chloe looked at Jonathan who motioned toward the guy who passed. She finished zipping up her pants. She was now so horny, so was ready to do anything.

Jonathan whispered in her ear, "Let him take you up the ass."

She was about to walk over to the guy's dressing room, when the door opened again and the guy walked out. He glanced at Chloe who gave him a horny, longing smile.

The man walked out and Chloe followed him. The guy turned the corner and walked into the men's rest room. Chloe looked back at Jonathan and then went in.

Jonathan waited a few minutes for her to seduce him and then went to open the door. But the door was locked. He couldn't believe it. He was furious.

He looked around for someone to open it up. He saw a guy how looked like a repairman nearby. He was a muscular black man. He asked him if he worked here and he said yes.

"Can you open up the men's rest room. It's locked. My girlfriend went into there a few minutes ago and hasn't come out."

"What's your girlfriend doing in there?"

Jonathan didn't know what to say. "Why don't you open it up and we'll see."

The man unlocked the door and pushed it open. The two men stared at Chloe. She was bent over the sink and the man who had gone in before here was smacking her ass with the palm of his hand. Her ass was pink with finger marks. She looked like a little girl getting punished for more than she had done.

Chloe looked up at them. Jonathan closed the door. The man had his fingers up Chloe's pussy and in her ass.

"Your girlfriend told me all about herself."

The maintenance guy was bewildered. "Don't worry, she's my little slut. You can do whatever you want to her."

"Are you sure?"

Chloe looked up. Her face was pink and she was moaning and wincing as she was continuously spanked. "Could you just come over her and pull your cock out?"

The guy couldn't believe what this young lady was saying. She looked like a prude more than a whore.

Chloe fell down on her knees and unzipped the guy herself. She pulled out his black prick and devoured it in one try. She let it slide back out her mouth and the tip of it smacked off her suctioned lips. His prick grew in size and when she tried to do it again, she gagged herself.

"Make her suck it whole. She likes it."

The guy looked down at Chloe's little pink mouth hovering beneath his long, thick black cock. He hesitantly pushed it into her mouth, but when he saw how she liked gagging on it, he forced it a little deeper until she started to salivate all over it. His rhythm increased and he held her head while he fucked her mouth.

The other man was busy getting her pussy wet and her ass loose. They pulled her into the bathroom stall. The black man sat on the toilet seat and Chloe's head fell in his prick again.

The other guy slide his fingers up her ass a few more times and then pulled out his own cock. It was dripping with pre-cum, which he rubbed around the rim of her little ass hole.

He played with her pussy, getting her more and more excited while the head of his cock inched into her ass. She was about to orgasm when he slid his cock all the way in her until his hips touched her ass.

She clenched her hands around the toilet seat in pain, but quickly began to moan in pleasure ass her pussy was rubbed and her ass relaxed. The guy slide his prick in and out, in and out. She was so horny, in pleasure and pain all at once.

While she was feeling the prick up her ass, she almost forget about the huge black cock lodged in her mouth, until she felt a stream of come fill up her mouth and stream across her lips and mouth and face. She was so horny she just kept sucking it, trying to keep it hard. The black guy moaned and kept pushing his prick into her little mouth.

She felt Jonathan move up beside her. "We're going to fill up your ass with cum."

This dirty image drove her wild and her ass pussy convulsed in pleasure. The other guy pulled his cock out and Jonathan pulled his pants down and pulled his out.

Her ass was opened wide, a strange gaping hole, that made his cock hard as wood. He slid it all the way in with no problem. He rubbed her pussy to keep her on the verge on an orgasm.

Jonathan stroked his cock into her and back out over and over, enjoying the sight of her clinging onto the toilet with another man's huge black penis inside her mouth.

Jonathan and the other man took turns sliding their dicks into her, bringing themselves and Chloe to the point of orgasm and then resting. Finally, the other man couldn't hold back. He pulled out his dick and a stream of cum shot back into her open ass. He shot again and again.

Jonathan was so horny at this disgusting sight that he plowed his own prick into her cum-filled ass and immediately came off, filled her up with his own cum.

Chloe felt the cocks pull out of her and gave her last bit of strength over to the still enlarged prick in her mouth. She bobbed her head vigorous and a final rush of cum splashed into her mouth.

Her head fell on the toilet seat in exhaustion. All the men looked at each other in total disbelief and utter gratification at what had just transpired.

"That was the most incredible thing I've ever done," one of them said. He pulled up his pants and wiped the sweat off his face. The black man left Chloe in sexual exhaustion in the bathroom stall and pulled on his pants.

"I don't know what to say. I've never even fantasized about such things. All I can say is thanks."

The two men left Jonathan to take care of his sore girlfriend.

Jonathan pulled Chloe's panties up. "Is that what you like?"

"My God, yes," she said. "Did I do good? Were you turned on? Did you like it? Did they like it?"

"Yes, I think so," said Jonathan.

Chloe had never been so penetrated in her life.

"Jonathan."

"Yea."

"I'm so exhausted now, but I know after I good night's rest I'm going to want to be on my knees again. Is it okay if I go to that guy's office tomorrow and suck off all those guys?"

Jonathan couldn't get enough of his new Chloe. "Yes. I'd like you to do that."