 A fan letter led me to craft this for her in mind. Names have been changed to protect the deliciously naughty! 

"How about that one?" asked Nik. 

His arm was draped over Anna's shoulder as he pointed casually over to the bar, the velvet feel of his jacket against her neck sending a warm glow of satisfaction through her body. 

"That feels good..." Anna purred, like a kitten being stroked, as her eyes followed Nik's gaze. "But, no, she is an observer, a voyeur, not what we're after. Tonight, I want someone who's going to be more...active, yes?" 

She squeezed Nik's hand and snuggled in tight. 

"You bet." Nik replied, as he returned to scanning the bar. 

For a Friday night it was pretty spartan, pretty dead, the only real crowd being a group of twenty-something former frat boys clinking beers, like sharks scaring away all the beautiful fish. Nik knew it took a certain kind of girl to be attracted to boys like that, and he was not interested in that 'type.' Neither of them were. Besides, he and Anna were not after a girl, they were searching for a woman, and a special kind at that. She had to have the right look, the right vibe, be the right fit. They'd played with compromise and experimented with variety, but they had reached the stage where they knew exactly what they wanted and nothing, nothing, less would suffice. 

And then he saw her. He wasn't sure why he hadn't spotted her before, but Nik definitely noticed her now. Long, black hair tumbled over tan shoulders and rested across a sculpted neckline. A sleek, off-white dress hugged a shapely torso and, although Nik could only see the top half of her, he guessed - no, he knew - that she had an ass which more than matched the big, firm tits he was already imagining cupped in his hands. Teardrop diamond earrings sparkled against the dancing lights of the bar, reflecting a halo around her exquisite face, while a small, black tattoo poked out along the back of her arm, barely covered by the fabric of the dress. She was beckoning the bartender but, in Nik and Anna's eyes, she may as well have been waving directly at them. 

"Her!" Nik whispered, his warm breath tickling Anna's ear as he spoke. 

"Oh yes..." Anna smiled. "I like her, she's perfect. Shall I invite her over? It's my turn..." 

And she was heading over to the raven-haired stranger before Nik could even reply. 

Once at the bar, Anna loitered close to her prey as the bartender poured a large white wine in front of them. 

"Can I get one of those, too?" Anna asked, leaning her elbows upon the cool, black marble top. 

The barman nodded and smiled as Anna turned to her left. 

"Hi," she said to the woman. "I'm Anna. Er, what wine did I just order?" 

The woman raised an eyebrow and crossed her legs. 

"It's called Once Upon a Vine Chardonnay." she replied, tossing back her hair to get a proper look at Anna. "It's cheeky, but has a good flavor. It's kind of my regular drink here." 

She smiled back at Anna, then smoothed down her dress before offering her hand. 

"I'm Chloe. Pleased to meet you." 

They shook hands and waited for the bartender to finish pouring. 

Upon closer inspection, Anna estimated that Chloe was in her late twenties. She was in good shape, but not in a gym-obsessive way, just a healthy, natural, voluptuous way which screamed confidence. She also had a great ass, confirming what Nik had suspected, which sat atop a pair of impossibly long legs, finished off with a pair of totally fuck-me chocolate brown heels. 

"Listen, Chloe," Anna smiled, her voice low and conspiratorial. "My friend and I - see him over there at the table? - well, he and I were wondering if you'd...maybe...like to join us?" 

Chloe glanced over at Nik and looked him up and down. It was obvious she thought he was cute. 

"Are you...together?" she replied, returning her attention to Anna. 

"We are, but...we're very friendly." 

"I can see that." 

Chloe took a proper look at Anna, who'd gone from being just some girl at the bar, to someone potentially much more exciting. Probably as tall as Chloe, their height was the only real similarity. In contrast to Chloe's almost virginal dress, Anna's was a sultry midnight black, cut to well above the knee and, while she did not have Chloe's curves, Anna's long, alabaster legs gave her a natural, sexy demeanor which definitely made her stand out from the crowd. Her hair was a dirty blonde, cut into a cute bob, while her plump pink lips were moist and inviting, and her large eyes a beautiful, ocean-deep shade of green which immediately captivated anyone who looked into them. 

Chloe bit her lower lip almost-seductively, then curled her fingers around the base of her fresh glass. 

"Does he have a name, too?" she asked, swinging her leg absently. 

"Niklas," Anna replied. "But he answers better to Nik." 

"Nik..." Chloe repeated, as though struggling to make a decision, but Anna knew that her mind was already made up. She went in for the kill. 

"Maybe you can come and tell us more about this wine I'm about to drink?" she asked. 

Chloe smiled and slid off her stool. 

"Lead the way." 

At the table, Nik had already made room for their guest. 

"Nik, this is Chloe." Anna announced, as they all sat down. "She has great taste in wine." 

"Good to know." Nik replied, smiling wide. 

"It's very kind of you to ask me over." said Chloe, her fingers sliding subtly up and down the stem of her glass. 

"Chloe thinks you're cute." Anna laughed, to Chloe's surprise - she'd said nothing of the sort! 

She felt herself blushing. 

"Oh take no notice of Anna," replied Nik. "She likes to play games." 

"That's OK." Chloe smiled. "So do I..." 

Nik and Chloe glanced knowingly at one another. 

"Besides..." Chloe continued. "She's actually right. I do think you're cute." 

"Flattery will get you everywhere." 

Nik winked at Chloe as Anna took a sip from her chilled glass. 

"So..." she said. "Tell us about this wine..." 

+++ 

It was approaching 1am when the three of them left in Nik's car. As per his own self-imposed rule, Nik had switched to water a few hours before while the girls stayed on Chardonnay. Now sober, Nik nevertheless felt a drunkenly warm surge of expectation as he pulled the car out of the parking lot and glanced in the rearview mirror where, in the back seat, Anna and Chloe were getting to know one another more intimately. 

Anna was snuggled next to Chloe, her hand gliding across Chloe's leg and her fingers creeping higher and higher as the car meandered along the highway. 

"It's not too far," Anna whispered, as she pushed her hand under the hem of Chloe's dress, her knuckles kneading into the softness of Chloe's thigh. 

"What are you doing?" Chloe asked in fake surprise. 

"Seducing you, silly..." replied Anna, "Why? Would you like me to stop?" 

Silence descended for a few loaded seconds as Nik adjusted the mirror, keen not to miss a moment. 

"I didn't say that." Chloe said, eventually, looking straight into Anna's face. "But you're very direct." 

"Oh I'm just warming up..." 

Anna tightened her grip as her fingers probed ever closer to Chloe's pussy, causing her to push her ass deep down into the seat. 

"Mmmm..." Chloe sighed, "Oh Jeez, I- I-" 

But before Chloe could say anything more, Anna's mouth was upon hers, her tongue pushing between Chloe's lips and, despite herself, Chloe couldn't help but respond with equal fervor. Reaching an arm around Anna's waist, Chloe pulled their bodies closer together, their mouths devouring one another in a hot, wet feasting of urgency as, up front, Nik struggled to keep his eyes on the road ahead. 

The industrial landscape of the bar behind them soon gave way to a more comfortable and opulent panorama of gated houses and leafy roads, the ever-increasing size of the trees a direct and perfect match to the properties which stood behind them. Expansive, sweeping driveways led up to grand front doors, standing guard over lush, spotlit lawns that were so well-manicured, you could play golf on them. Paying little attention to the world outside the window, it was only when the car began to slow that Anna and Chloe released themselves from their steamy embrace. 

"Where are we?" Chloe asked, as Anna continued to stroke her thigh, Chloe's legs now hooked over Anna's knees as they both leaned back into the soft leather seats. 

"Home." replied Nik. "Welcome." 

He smiled at Chloe in the rearview as she stretched her arms high above her head like a sleepy cat. Her dress was hiked high on her hips by now, revealing an almost sheer, nude thong underneath, the shadow of her dark pubic mound silhouetted through the fabric as Anna reached across and drew her fingers delicately across the thin elastic. 

"So what have I been missing?" Nik continued, his eyes fixed on the sight, his hardening cock already pushing against his pants. 

"So much baby, so much..." smiled Anna, as she watched the excitement grow upon his face. "But don't worry, we'll get you up to speed soon enough." 

She leaned over and kissed Chloe lightly on the neck. 

"Why don't we go inside and get comfortable?" 

Before the words had even left her mouth, Niklas was out of the car and opening the passenger door. Anna got out first, leaning back in to help Chloe to her feet. Stumbling slightly as she exited, Chloe realized she was not only a little drunk, but also chilly - the night breeze wafting across her exposed hips was like a short, sharp wake-up call. 

"Maybe we should switch to water for a while?" Anna laughed, as she and Niklas led Chloe up the steps and into the house. 

"Holy shit, look at this place!" Chloe exclaimed, as she took in the grand hallway and sweeping staircase in front of her. "You live here? Fuck..." 

She kicked off her shoes and began exploring the many rooms, the cool solidity of the wooden floorboards beneath her feet a welcome sensation after the stuffiness of the car. Anna and Nik only caught up with her five minutes later, as she stood in front of the large bay window of the sitting room, admiring the vast back garden beyond. 

"You have a pool?" Chloe asked, rhetorically. "And is that a hot tub? Ohh, can we go in?" 

But she was already unlocking the French doors, eager to satisfy her childlike curiosity. 

Ten minutes later when the water had warmed up, Chloe stood dipping her toe as Niklas and Anna brought over cold bottles of water. 

"I don't have a suit, obviously..." Chloe said. 

"That's fine," Anna replied. "Neither do we." 

She and Chloe exchanged a naughty smile as Nik stepped over to Chloe and wrapped his arms around her waist. 

"Well hi there!" Chloe exclaimed, as Nik leaned down and pressed his mouth to hers, hard and firm. 

She loved how strong he felt, his entire body enveloping hers in its warmness, a shield against the cooling night air. As they kissed ever more passionately, Anna began to lift Chloe's dress, sliding it expertly over her shoulders. Then Nik stepped back to kick off his shoes, before tossing his jacket over the nearest recliner. 

"Give me a second, OK?" he said, as the heat began to rise from the hot tub, surrounding the girls in a delicious haze of steamy promise. "Be right back." 

As they watched him leave, Anna and Chloe smiled at one another before Anna stepped behind Chloe and began kissing her sensuously on her bare shoulder, her lips crossing her silky collarbone from where Anna managed to get a proper glimpse of the tattoo on Chloe's arm. 

"Ignis Aurum Probat?" Anna whispered, reading the inscription. "What does that mean? It's beautiful." She was already unfastening Chloe's bra as she spoke, leaving her standing in only her nude thong. Cupping one of Chloe's voluptuous breasts in her palm, Anna traced one of her fingers over the nipple, teasing it to a bullet-hard erection as Chloe tilted her head back and surrendered to the cool breeze which stroked like a brush across her tight chest. 

"Feel good?" Anna murmured, as she began to pinch at Chloe's nipple. 

"Mmmm, oh yeah, that feels so damn hot..." Chloe replied, lowering a foot further into the tub. "Let's get in." 

Chloe released herself from Anna's grasp and slid into the water like a fish. Turning back around, she pushed up her chest so Anna could get a full view of her wet, glistening tits as they floated on the surface. 

"You coming?" Chloe asked. "Because you're a little overdressed right now." 

Anna smiled back and, in one, seamless motion, she pushed the straps from her shoulders and let her dress fall to the floor. She wasn't wearing underwear and, as Anna kicked the dress to one side, Chloe was excited to see that she was a completely natural blonde, the exquisitely-manicured down of her soft bush pointing between her legs like a perfect arrow. 

Standing up in the water, Chloe slid her thumbs under her thong and pulled it down over her hips, revealing her own, lush, dark pussy. 

"The tattoo means Fire Tests Gold." she said slowly. "It's Latin. I am the gold. My life is the fire." 

Anna cocked her head, intrigued, as she watched Chloe turn around to make room for her in the tub. Gawd, that ass! was the only thought running through Anna's mind as she finally stepped into the warm water and sat next to Chloe, making sure to shuffle up close enough to let their hips touch. 

When Niklas returned, he had with him a plate, which he placed upon a glass table beside the tub. Then, he unpopped his jeans and undressed to his white Joe Boxer briefs, which did little to hide his expanding erection. 

"Take it all off, baby..." Anna growled, as she and Chloe bobbed in the water. 

"Yeah, studly!" Chloe called out, perhaps a little too loudly. "Strip to the beat!" 

And she began counting out a rhythm, tapping her hands on the side of the tub and moving her chest from side to side so her tits began making waves in the water. Eager to obey, Niklas got into the mood and began shimmying his briefs down to his thighs, releasing his big, hard cock into the night air. 

"Give that to me, right now..." Anna demanded, rising slightly to drag Niklas in, but Chloe pulled her back. 

"Don't you mean give that to us?" Chloe corrected her. "I got the impression tonight was all about sharing?" 

Anna disappeared back into the steam as they waited for Niklas to join them. The tub could easily fit six or seven people and had curved bench seats, above which a number of jets were already pounding out hard rods of water into the girls' backs. The steam was obstructing Nik's direct view of what was happening in the tub, something he was eager to remedy. 

Chloe was sat on the bench with Anna straddling her. They were kissing like they were back in the car, passionate and hungry. As Anna lifted her mouth from Chloe's face, she arched her back, allowing Chloe to lean in and suck on one of her nipples. Sliding a hand behind Anna's back, Chloe maneuvered her into position so she could take the whole of Anna's milky-white breast into her mouth. 

"Oh baby, yes!" Anna moaned. "Suck it, suck my tit, just like that. Lick me! Oh Jesus, oh fuck, fuck...! Nik, can you see what she's doing to me?!" 

And then he was next to them, the weight of his entry sending waves of choppy water crashing over the side of the tub. Taking his cue from Anna as she turned ever-so-slightly towards him, Nik leaned down and took her other nipple in his mouth, biting playfully at it as it became red and swollen. He cupped Anna's ass under the water and he felt her body begin to writhe in a rhythm of building ecstasy. 

"I see everything." Nik panted, as he came up for air. "I see Chloe's hot little mouth on your tit and I can see how much you love it." 

He turned to Chloe. 

"I know everything Anna likes..." he said, staring deep into Chloe's eyes. "She's always so...open. So that just leaves you. What do you like, Chloe? Tell us what you want us to do to you..." 

As he spoke, Nik slipped his other hand under Chloe's ass where she sat, resting his middle finger right between her smooth, tight cheeks. He felt her ass tighten, slightly, before relaxing once more. 

"You have a great touch..." Chloe breathed, as she lifted her mouth from Anna's breast, before pushing her ass down further onto Nik's hand, forcing his finger even closer to her juicy little asshole. 

What Nik had not told Chloe was that he was a professional masseuse at a fancy Las Vegas hotel. He attended to nearly a dozen women every day who were there for a little fun and, while he'd never behaved inappropriately towards any of them, he'd learned enough to sense exactly what a woman truly desired simply by the way she responded to his touch. He also knew that most women wanted these secrets to be found out, that they yearned to be satisfied in the way their fantasies dictated and, if he could offer such women the means and the method of making those fantasies come true, she would be his. So when Nik began exploring Chloe's asshole a little more intimately as he balanced her on the bench, the orchestrated sway of her butt in response to his touch told him exactly what he wanted to know. 

Knowing the warm water would help open her up, Nik took the next step and slid his finger just inside Chloe's asshole, her sphincter squeezing tightly in reaction to the invasion. Arching her back, Chloe moaned with pleasure as she wriggled slightly, allowing Nik to push even deeper up inside her. She had stopped sucking on Anna's tit and was now pressing their foreheads together, looking for support as she felt the hotness rise in her ass and the intense, pin-prick pleasure of an inner, desperate thirst which demanded she just let this happen. 

Anna allowed Chloe to enjoy a minute or so of feeling Nik's finger probe her ass, before turning to Nik and stroking his thigh. 

"Nik, why don't you sit up there above Chloe?" she suggested, tapping the edge of the tub. "I don't think she got a proper look at your beautiful, big cock." 

Nik grinned before sliding his finger out of Chloe's ass and hoisting himself up to sit on the side of the tub, shifting his body towards Chloe and opening his legs so that his slick, wet penis now hovered directly in front of Chloe's face. Stroking himself hard and slow, he pointed his cock first towards Chloe, then towards Anna, who lifted herself off Chloe's lap and pushed her gently in the direction of Nik. 

"Take a real close look at this delicious cock, baby." she whispered to Chloe. "I love it, it's such a hardworking, loyal cock, it's never let me down, not once. Look at it, isn't it just the most awesome, hard cock you ever saw?" 

Anna positioned Chloe's head inches from the head of Nik's pulsing, swollen shaft. 

"But don't just take my word for it," Anna breathed into Chloe's ear, her tongue licking and lapping at her ear lobe. "You really need to taste it, honey, you gotta taste how goddamn sweet and hot that fucking huge cock is." 

As though under a magic spell, Chloe smirked wickedly and, kneeling on the bench, she positioned herself in front of Nik. Opening her mouth, Chloe took his cock firmly in one hand and, with the other, pushed him back slightly. 

"It's OK, I got you." she said, staring up into Nik's semi-closed eyes. 

He inhaled deeply as he felt Chloe's warm mouth lower itself onto him. He groaned as he felt his cock become completely enveloped, his tip hitting the back of her throat as her lips closed around the base of his shaft and her tongue managed to flick quick, hot tickles across his balls. Once she was confident she could take him whole, Chloe began to work him expertly, sucking and blowing him up and down his entire length, her head rising and falling in a calculated rhythm that was evidently well-practiced. So engrossed was Nik in this amazing, otherworldly mouthfuck, he was unaware of Chloe's other hand snaking up between his legs and reaching back behind him. 
