 *Author's Note: Any and all persons engaging in any sexual behavior are at least eighteen years of age.

Disclaimers: Yes, I need an editor and no, I do not want an editor. Yes there's too many people to keep track of. Yes, it jumps around too much. Yes it's in the wrong category. Yes it's too long. Yes it's too short. Yes this is stupid shit, and yes, I am a horrible writer, barely legible, hardly literate.

For those of you that have not hit the backspace key, I hope you enjoy this tale.

*

Ash listlessly stirred the honey into the bubbling oatmeal, then dropped the pecan and walnut pieces in. Reaching over, she flicked the switch for the coffee pot and just as she was ladling out the oatmeal, the pot finished gurgling.

Clay would be going out of town; they were playing in Sweet Gum, Arkansas. The team bus would be rolling out at two thirty that afternoon. As Clay said, "Because they're too damned cheap buy us lunch."

Maybe it was good that Clay was leaving for a quick weekend, after what they had done last night. Ash was sure he was disgusted with her. She had brazenly made love with another woman, and with him, acting like a total slut.

Because Clay was leaving for an overnight stay, Court was supposed to come over and spend the night; Ash hated so much to be in their apartment alone. But after what they had done, after Ash had licked and sucked Court to several orgasms, after Ash had bucked her crotch on Court's face like a cowgirl on a bucking bronco, she was sure Court would never want to see her again. Ash's face burned with shame, then she felt fear grip her. She and Court had their first class together, World Economics. Suppose Court slapped her face, in front of the whole class, and announced to everyone in the lecture hall that Ash was a slut?

Just as she reached into the drawer for Clay's favorite oatmeal spoon, a large round spoon, she felt two powerful arms encircle her and lift her off her feet.

"Good morning," he whispered into her ear, then kissed her on her bare shoulder, just where the robe ended.

"Oh," she sighed; her shoulders were an erogenous zone for her.

"Hey," he said, turned her around and kissed her on her lips. "Good morning, I love you, how are you feeling?"

"Oh, Clay," she burst into sobs of relief and hugged him tightly. "Oh Baby, I love you so much."

"Yeah, that always makes me cry too," he teased lightly, squeezing her to him.

"Oh shut up; you just wouldn't understand," she giggled and slapped him on his chest.

He grabbed the two bowls of oatmeal, brought them to the table, then reached up and grabbed their two coffee mugs. Her favorite mug was a ceramic mug with a bouquet of wild flowers on it. His favorite mug was an ugly black mug; the exterior was made of rubber and looked like a large tire, complete with treads and a plastic interior.

He poured a little milk into her mug, then poured the coffee.

She put the two glasses of pineapple-orange juice on the table, then sat down.

She looked at his nylon running shorts, at the lump in them and smiled to herself.

She had always thought the male penis to be an odd looking, almost comical appendage. And now she knew just how much pleasure the odd looking appendage could bring.

She had a sleek plastic vibrator in her nightstand drawer; the batteries were dead in it and she had been too embarrassed to buy replacement batteries since Clay was usually with her when she went shopping for household items. The campus bookstore did carry Double AA batteries, but they wanted too much for their batteries.

But that had been her only phallic experience, until last night.

Clay's cell phone gave a ding and he smiled as he read the text.

"Court wants to know if it's Hat Friday' and if she can borrow my hat," he informed her.

Ash felt more tears of relief pool in her eyes.

"Tell her it's Hat Friday," she affirmed.

"All right, he said as he finished his breakfast. "You come see me off?"

"Yeah," she smiled as he went to the sink. "Me and Court'll see you off."

Again, even though he did not have a class until ten that morning, Clay drove Ash to school at seven thirty. Ash entered her World Economics class and saw Court sitting in her usual seat.

Court looked up and smiled, a slight blush coming over her pale freckled face.

"Good morning," Ash whispered, even though there were very few students in the large hall.

"Good morning; Clay said it's Hat Friday," Court said.

"Uh huh, and he said you can go in his closet and get his hat if you need it," Ash giggled.

At two thirty, huddled together against the brutal November wind, Ash and Court watched their man as he made sure all the equipment was in the cargo space underneath the bus, then locked the hatches. He turned and smiled at them, then grabbed a plastic bag and carried it over to them.

"Here," he smiled, holding out the bag. "Stay out of my room, hear?"

"What is, oh my God!" Ash laughed as she peered into the bag.

"What, oh, Clay, really?" Court laughed.

"Try them on," he said.

Ash pulled the two cowboy hats out. One was a bubble gum pink with a black feather that trailed off the back and dangled for at least two feet. The other was a black one with a bubble gum pink feather.

"Black looks so good on you," Ash decided, handing the black one to Court.

"Thank you, Baby," Court said, hugged Clay, then kissed him.

"Thank you; you're so wonderful," Ash said, hugged him and kissed him.

The two girls held each other's hands and watched as the team boarded the bus.

"That actually looks good on you," Court said.

"Thanks," Ash laughed. "Yours looks great."

Driving Clay's tank of a car, Ash followed Court to her house, came in, and talked with Helen Vanderkin and with Trevor and Doug while Court gathered an overnight bag.

"That's a stupid looking hat," Doug sneered at Ash.

"Hush, Doug it is not; where did you get that?" Helen smiled, playfully tugging the black feather.

"Bag says 'Cal's Western Wear' but I don't know when Clay would have found time," Ash smiled

Court came running out of her bedroom, now dressed in very snug blue jeans, snap button plaid shirt, and black vinyl cowboy boots.

"Bye Momma, love you, bye Trevor, bye Booger Face," Court called out, dragging Ash to the door.

"Hey!" Doug protested being called 'Booger Face.'

All right, now y'all want some ravioli for dinner?" Helen asked, already pulling out two cans of the food.

"Oh, that is so cute on you!" Ash praised Court's outfit and cowboy hat. "Know what? I think I'll wear my boots too; I bought these white ones, oh my God, they were like two hundred and eighty bucks! But see, my grandma Tea had died; that's what we called my mom's mom, Grandma Tea, I don't know why but she had died and left me ten thousand dollars and so I said 'why not?' I mean, cowboy boots are something I'd never buy myself in a million years if I had to spend my own money on them, but I set aside one thousand to just you know, go crazy."

"What else did you get?" Court asked, twisting in the seat.

"Those two pair of jeans; they were seventy bucks each and a bustier and I still have another five hundred bucks but I just don't know what to get," Ash admitted as she pulled into the parking space.

The two walked-ran as quickly as they could to get out of the frigid air. Once at the door, Ash's hand shook with the cold as she hurried to unlock the door.

Once in her bedroom, Court put her overnight bag on the floor by Ash's dresser as Ash dug out the jeans with the heart cut-outs.

"I assume, after, we're just coming back here," Court asked.

"Yeah, I mean, unless you want to stay there," Ash said and pulled off her top, exposing her pale pink half-cup bra.

"Oh, you went back and got them out of layaway?" Court asked, lightly running a fingertip over Ash's exposed nipple.

"Yeah, actually went back the very next day," Ash admitted, admiring the bra in the closet's mirror.

"And," she said, unzipping her skirt and letting it slide to the floor.

"Nice!" Court said, admiring the pink thong panties and stay up stockings.

Ash squealed when Court reached out and grabbed a handful of her left butt cheek.

"Very nice," she husked, then jammed her tongue into Ash's mouth.

The two kissed for a few moments, lightly running their hands over each other's bodies, until Ash lightly pushed Court away.

"Come on; we'll never get there," she smiled, kissed Court quickly, then pulled on a white peasant blouse. She decided to pull the top down, exposing her shoulders.

The jeans she had to wiggle and hop to pull up; they were extremely snug; then finally, with a sigh, she snapped the button fly shut. She then jammed her feet into a pair of startling white cowboy boots.

"Ready?" Ash asked as she pulled her coat back on, then put the pink cowboy hat on.

Again, they walked-ran in the frigid air to Apartment Two B and knocked.

"Hey!" April called out, yanking the door open.

"Hey!" Ash and Court replied.

April wore a black bowler hat on her blonde head, a white corset and a very short red velveteen skirt. Her slim legs were encased in white fishnet stockings and her feet were jammed into black pumps that sported a five inch heel.

"Oh my God, you two are so cute!" April shrilled when Court and Ash shrugged out of their winter coats. "And I must be dreaming, Ash I didn't even know you knew what blue jeans were!"

"You are kidding me; Ash is wearing blue jeans?" Sarah called out from the kitchen.

"Come see!" April said.

When April turned, Ash saw a bright red rose on April's left shoulder blade.

"April! You got a tattoo?" Ash gasped.

"Oh my God!" Sarah shrilled, coming out of the kitchen to see Ash.

"No, not really, it's a Fun-too," April said. "It'll fade away in about a week or two."

"Will not; you have to take showers and actually use soap, so it's permanent on her," Sara teased and made Ash turn around. "Oh my God, I just love, Ash you should wear jeans all the time; you've got the body for them."

Court smiled at Sarah's wide straw hat and very short dress with stocking and black Mary Jane shoes. The straps of her garter were visible under the very short hem.

"Like it?" Sarah smiled at Court. "It's my 'Pretty Baby' look."

"'Cause, she's my pretty baby," April said, putting an arm around Sarah's slim waist.

"And you're my bad little girl," Sarah concurred, reaching underneath April's skirt and giving her a pinch on her backside.

April served them Sangria wine with the Mexican fare, but stuck to iced tea for herself.

"I'm a drug addict," April answered when Court asked her why she wasn't drinking.

"God, she was such a pot head," Sarah confirmed.

"Started smoking around the same time my brother started using me as a fuck toy," April shrugged. "Hated myself because I liked it. A lot. Then when my step-dad decided he needed fuck me too, I really got into the pot. That and snorting T's and Blues. Thank God, when I moved out, quit snorting that shit; shit'll really fuck you up."

"Um," Court stammered, shocked at the ESE that April was discussing such a private matter.

"So, what about that Fun-Too? I mean, since it'll only come off with soap and water, yours will never come off, but..." Ash teased.

"Y'all shut up!" April shrilled. "God! I take showers every day!"

"They were on the counter at the Bargain Bin; where I got this dress," Sarah said. "It's actually a girl's size eight, large, but they were just hanging there, and this one started whining for one so I bought them; they're like six to a pack."

"I wasn't whining," April said.

"Oh what was this 'oh please can I have one, oh please I promise I'll never ask for nothing else ever again' stuff, huh?" Sarah asked, smiling at her girlfriend.

"So you got five more if that one ever fades away?" Court asked.

"All right, that's it, I'm going to my room now," April said. "Y'all, I take showers every day. And I use soap too."

"Aw, come on, I was just teasing," Court begged.

"Nope. Too late, my feelings are hurt," April smiled, not getting up from her seat.

"Oh, oh well, that's a shame," Court said, catching on that April wasn't upset at all.

"And no, there's only three left," Sarah said.

"Yeah," April said, standing up. "Used one here..."

She lifted the hem of her skirt and pointed to her inner thigh on her left leg where a small red rose lay.

"And here..." she said and pointed to a small red rose just above her hairless slit.

"Okay, April, now that everyone's seen your pussy, you can sit back down now," Sarah demanded.

"So there's one big one and the rest are those small ones?" Ash asked.

"No, there was this really big one, the one I got on my shoulder blade and four small ones," April said, sitting back down.

"And they're all roses?" Court asked.

"No, they had others too," Sarah said. "Like skeletons, stars, hearts, but she just had to have the roses."

"I think I'd put one on my butt," Ash said.

"Yeah, but you got the butt for it; I don't," April said, got up and turned around.

"April, no one wants to see your butt," Sarah said as April lifted the hem of her skirt and showed them her nearly flat backside.

After the meal, and after Sarah, Ash, and Court emptied the large bottle of the sweet wine, Ash and Court walked back to Ash's apartment, feeling quite warm inside from the spicy food and the wine.

"She um, April do that all the time?" Court asked.

"Do what?" Ash asked.

"You know, expose her, I mean, she just lifted her skirt, showed us all her pussy then wanted us to look at her butt," Court said, leaning heavily on Ash.

"Yeah, then Sarah punishes her; it's just a game they play," Ash giggled. 

"You going punish me?" Court asked when they entered the warm living room.

"No, "Ash smiled, kissing her. "You're a good girl. Good girls don't get punished."

"What about you?" Court asked, hugging Ash tight and kissing her. "Are you a good girl?"

"I'm a very good girl," Ash smiled and pulled on Court's top, popping open a few of the snaps.

Ash made sure to lock the deadbolt and then walked to her bedroom. Court followed, unsnapping the rest of her shirt's buttons as she walked.

"Really?" Court asked as Ash pulled a camisole top and matching panties out of a dresser drawer. 

Court came up behind Ash, wrapped her arms around the other girl, and then pressed her lips to Ash's bare shoulder.

"Oh," Ash moaned as Court's teeth lightly nipped her shoulder.

"You're just going to be taking it right off," Court whispered in Ash's ear as she cupped Ash's breasts in her hands.

"Now who says I want..." Ash playfully said, then moaned again as Court nibbled on her bare shoulder.

Chapter 8

Helen Vanderkin did not hesitate; when Courtney asked if her friends Ashley and Clayton could come over on Thanksgiving and cook Thanksgiving dinner for them, she said 'yes.'

"Is Booger Face going to be coming?" Court asked Trevor.

"I don't know," Trevor shrugged. "And quit calling him that; he hates that."

"Whatever," Court said and quickly shot a text to Ash.

"Honey, come see," Helen said, motioning with her head toward her room.

"Listen, I know he's a pain in the ass and has got a smart mouth, but you need to remember, that boy's home life is deplorable," Helen hissed at her daughter.

"What you mean?" Court asked.

"Honey, you never noticed Doug wears the same stuff day after day? His shoes are two sizes too small?" Helen asked. "I reported his momma to CPS, they took him away for a couple of months then brought him right back. Trevor told me the foster home was even worse than his own house. So now, I just make sure he gets some food and make sure he takes a bath every now and then."

"Oh," Court said, shame-faced.

"About what size is he?" Clay asked when Court sent him a text about Doug.

At five o'clock, Thursday morning, Court groggily roused herself when her phone dinged with a text, then dinged again with another text.

"On our way," was the first one, from Clay.

"Please turn the oven on to 400 degrees," was the text from Ash.

As Court stumbled into the kitchen, another text came. She smiled when she read "PS, I Love You" from Ash.

"And I love you too," she replied. "But 5:00 is too early."

"Oh, poor baby," Ash responded.

Helen woke when she heard hushed whispers and muted laughter. A moment later, the delicious smells of coffee and bacon pulled her out of her warm bed.

"Good morning," Clay smiled as he poured a little milk into Ash's coffee cup. "Court, what you take in your coffee?"

"Oh, don't act like she's never had breakfast at your place," Helen smirked tightly.

"Yes ma'am, she has, but I've been out of town each time," Clay answered truthfully.

"Well, she takes as much sugar as the cup can hold and about twice as much cream," Helen answered.

"Ha ha, Ash knows what I like," Court answered, patting the turkey dry.

"Anyone allergic to nuts," Ash asked.

"No," Helen answered and fixed herself a cup of coffee.

The woman sat down at the small kitchen table, out of the way of the three college students.

"Oh, my goodness," Helen said as she tasted the coffee. "Where'd you, this is not my coffee, is it?"

"Grind my own; what time does Trevor wake up for breakfast?" Ash asked.

"When I tell him to; wait a minute. You're fixing lunch, and breakfast?" Helen asked.

"Well, I've kind of taken over your kitchen; the least I can do is make breakfast," Ash smiled.

A grumpy Trevor joined them for an early breakfast, then staggered back to his room to sleep.

Trevor woke up again at 10:00, when Doug sauntered in.

"Ew, you're cooking?" Doug sneered at Court as she helped Ash in the kitchen.

"Yeah, but you..." Court snapped, then saw her mother's face and stopped.

"Yes I am, but Ash's doing most of the cooking," she smiled sweetly at the annoying boy. "And she's a very good cook. "You joining us for Thanksgiving, aren't you?"

"I guess," Doug answered grudgingly.

"Hey, Doug, how's it going?" Ash smiled. "That handsome hunk of man right behind you is Court's boyfriend; that's Clay."

"Oh, hi," Doug stammered as he saw the imposing Clay.

"Hi," Clay said, smiling. "Court said you're about a size twelve, that right?"

"I guess," Doug shrugged, having no idea.

"See, my little brother? He just grew to a size sixteen, I mean, just like that, overnight; think you might like some of his clothes?" Clay asked, steering the boy to the living room where there were three bags of clothes he'd picked up from the local Goodwill store.

"Aw, cool!" Doug whooped when he saw the nearly brand new tennis shoes right on top of the first batch of clothing.

"You got to be kidding me," Clay said, picking up one of the shoes. "You mean that little snot face already outgrew these? These are Nike; you know how much these cost?"

"How old is your brother?" Helen asked while Doug carried his booty to Trevor's room to try on the outfits.

"I'm an only child," Clay said quietly.

"You have my permission to marry him," Helen whispered loudly to her daughter.

Doug didn't say it; he wouldn't even admit it to himself, but the unopened bag of boys' underwear was the second favorite thing he found in the bags.

"Well, you could go to church in that; don't you look nice," Helen praised when Doug rejoined them, dressed in blue pullover shirt and jeans and tennis shoes.

"Certainly look good enough to sit at a Thanksgiving table," Court praised.

Doug shrugged and smiled self-consciously.

"Tell Mr. Clay thank you," Helen whispered to the boy.

"Uh, Mr. Clay, uh..." Doug stammered, then began sobbing.

"It's all right, buddy," Clay said, picking the boy up and hugging him as he carried him back into the living room.

"Grew up with a momma didn't know I was supposed to get food, or clothes, or a bed sleep in," he whispered to the boy when they were out of earshot of the women.
