 "Oh My God" she breathed as the lights suddenly went out. The subway train came to a screeching halt. It was a warm summers evening and she had worn a light sundress because of the warmth earlier in the day.

Thinking she would take a shortcut through town and visit her sister, Michelle sat with her purse clasped tightly in her hand. She nervously looked around the room. The emergency lights came on and in the garish light, she noticed that she was the only woman in the subway car.

Four men sat looking at each other and Michelle wondering when the subway would begin again. A voice came over the intercom; "There has been an accident on the tracks. The subway should be re-opened again in an hour." Michelle breathed a sigh of relief and thought to herself, "what can happen in an hour."

Unthinkingly she crossed her long shapely legs. Her sundress was short, falling to mid-thigh, giving the four occupants of the subway car a good look at her tanned legs. As she flipped open her little compact she didn't notice that the strap fell down her lightly muscled, tanned arm and her cleavage was amply displayed for the men around her. She looked at herself in her little mirror, surveying her honey-blonde hair and her kohl-rimmed brown eyes. Deciding that she needed just a little lipstick, she swabbed the red color across her full lower lip.

She noticed the silence and looked up to find four pairs of hungry eyes surveying her ministrations. Michelle smiled a little awkwardly and replaced her cosmetics in her purse. One man asked her name. She smiled and told him "Michelle" and he smiled a white-toothed grin at her. His eyes crinkled slightly with the smile, and she thought that his face suited his dark, muscular body. 

The man stood up and stretched. Through his vest, she could see a hairy chest, and she inhaled when she saw the bulge that was evident in his pants. She looked to see that he had seen where her gaze had wandered. He smiled a somewhat predatory smile that made her heart skip a beat, though from lust or fright, she wasn't sure which.

He told her his name was Adam and that he intended to fuck her right here and now on this subway car. Her eyes opened wide in surprise and she was even more surprised that there was a wetness in her crotch that spoke more of lust than fear. The other men in the car were openly leering at her and one leaned over and flicked his nail over her nipple.

"Oh, this is a hot one alright," he grinned, and his hand moved to cup her tit tightly. Another man moved in to the other side, and his hand slid up her arm and his fingers walked across her chest and started down the front of her sun dress. She gasped in alarm. TO have two total strangers here in a subway, rubbing her tits was terrifying, electrifying and the hottest thing she had ever had happen. She looked at Adam, who was sitting opposite her. He motioned her to spread her legs. After a brief hesitation she opened them slightly. Her shapely legs were a wondrous frame for the hairless shaved pussy that was displayed. 

He motioned for her to move them further open. She obeyed, amazed at the lack of discipline she was displaying. The men at her tits, the one on the right, in his mid-forties, with graying hair and the other in his mid-thirties slid their free hands down her body. Before she knew, she had their hands on her tits and now sliding up her naked thighs. She was shaking and didn't know what to expect next. Suddenly she felt hard male fingers as they reached her cunt. Two fingers slid into her hot core. One finger from each man. She couldn't believe it was happening. She was being finger-fucked by two strangers at the same time. Her head fell back and she moaned. 

Adam stood up and motioned to the men to remove their hands from her lower regions. They started on the buttons of the dress and soon they uncovered Michelle's gorgeous golden breasts, D-cup beauties with nipples standing to attention waiting for hot mouths. As if on cue, the men each sucked a nipple into their mouths and they sucked each side of her. Adam knelt in front of her and spread her legs out as far as they would go. Her pussy was open for all in the subway car to see. 

His tongue snaked out and slowly, very slowly he slid the tip of it from her cunt all the way up to her clit. Up and down he moved his tongue, flicking lightly over her clit, making her hotter and hotter. He plunged his tongue deep into her hot love hole and tongue-fucked her vigorously. She gasped, her head thrown back with her eyes closed. Her mouth fell open, to be filled with the biggest cock head she had ever seen in her life. Gingerly she slid her tongue across the top and the owner grunted and pushed it past her lips. Her hot mouth sucked instinctively and she opened her eyes to see whose cock she was sucking. A tall man stood on the seat beside her, moving his hips in rhythm as he stuffed his meat into her hot waiting mouth. She was amazed by the length and width of him. Her hand couldn't close around his hot veiny shaft.

Michelle sucked in as much of his hot cock into her mouth as would fit. He pushed harder and slid it in until it hit the back of her throat. Grabbing her hair, he pulled firmly and her head tilted backwards, changing the angle of her throat. Breathing through her nose, Michelle took the head of his cock deep into her throat. He groaned and thrust, gently at first and then with more conviction, positive now that she could take him deep. Sucking and licking, lapping at the underside of his cock, she gave his cock her full mouths attention. Her full lips now stretched around the base of his manly shaft. He groaned and as the head of his cock almost left the pull of her lips he thrust in deep and shot his hot creamy load deep into her mouth. She swallowed every drop hungrily and smiled as he withdrew his rod from her lips.

Leaning back in her chair, Michelle enjoyed the feel of the two men's' mouths upon her tits. Her hands slid down their chests until she found their hot hardons. As they serviced her nipples her hands caressed their cocks, sliding down to cup their balls and then up again the curl around them. Stroking smoothly Michelle jacked them off until they were both near cumming. "Let me drink your cum" she urged and they both stood up beside her. They held their cocks close to her and she locked their cock heads with her wet tongue one at a time. Then she smiled and pulled their cocks closer. Taking one into her mouth, she savored the flavor of his unique masculinity. Then she took the other cock and slid it into her mouth beside the first one. The men went wild as she tongued both men at the same time. Michelle's pussy ran with juicy wetness. 

She felt the tip of an enormous cock at the opening of her pussy. Looking down, her eyes widened at the size of Adam's cock. He had the biggest cock she had ever even imagined. He must've been at least 10 inches long and three inches in diameter. Her pussy burned as he stretched her to the max. Slowly he slid his monster into her. A little at a time, slow progression in and out. Each time Adam's cock came out a bit; it was slick and shiny with her pussy juices. Adam's hands snaked under her hips and lifted her off the chair. Pushing hard, he buried his hot length inside her body. 

Michelle screamed out. "Oh God Yes, Oh My God, do it! Do it!! Do me now!!!" Adam smiled and then got serious again as he continued fucking her deeper and harder. The men on either side of her slid their cocks back into her hot wet mouth. She groaned in the back of her throat. "C'mon slut, take my cock, eat it" whispered the man on the right. Their cocks rubbed together in the confines of her red lips. She sucked and licked them as much as her mouth could, saliva dripping out of the sides. The man on the left pulled out his hot cock and as she slid her hand up and down his length, he sprayed hot streams of creamy cum across her tits. 

The man on the right of Michelle pulled out his cock and pushed her roughly into a sitting position. Adam leaned back until he was sitting on the floor, taking Michelle with him. Her ass was displayed prominently. The fourth stranger put his big hands on her ass cheeks, easing them apart. Adams cock was still deeply embedded in her hot pussy, and when she felt the stranger's finger start to penetrate her tight little ass, she whimpered. "No, don't!" she cried. "I've never done that before, please don't".

The man knelt down behind her, and his tongue rimmed her ass hole. Michelle jolted with the electricity that she felt and when the man's finger surged forth again, she moved her ass to allow him entry. Soon his finger was buried to the first knuckle. He slid his finger in and out, loosening up her hot hole for his big cock to be buried inside. He licked her again, pushing his tongue into her ass just a little, in and out, tongue fucking her ass. His hands kept her ass hole spread, and soon he introduced a second finger. She felt so filled. 

"Fuck me! Fuck me!" she cried. Her hips kept up and down motion on Adam's cock, and the stranger started pushing his cock past her tight opening. Nothing had ever felt so amazing to Michelle. Adam pushed in, the stranger pulled out, Adam pulled out, and the stranger pushed in. Two cocks deeply buried inside her, passing each other, driving her to the limits of her arousal. She screamed as she came, and as she did, she felt Adam's cum shoot in hot white thick spurts inside her. The stranger bucked strongly, and he came inside her tight ass, filling her love holes with hot creamy cum. She was dripping from both holes, and she felt the wetness with her fingers and licked them off. "Next time, I am going to drink your cum too" she announced.

As the subway car started to move again, Michelle gathered herself together and tried to compose herself. Her dress was ripped so her nipple was sticking out, but after such a hot encounter, she didn't care. She re-applied her red lipstick, and tied back her hair, and made preparations for her trip home. All four men asked her for her number, and she gave it with the condition, that she would only see the four of them together.