 Derek pushed the door open with his shoulder and dropped his dufflebag to the floor. 

"OH, Scott!" screamed Amanda from the kitchen. A thump and a bump, the table knocking against the wall between them, before Amanda laughed breathily. "Give me a kiss, you stud."

Derek closed the door gently behind him and took a step forward, toward the kitchen doorway. 

"It's your turn baby," Scott said. He leaned back on the table, scraping the feet across the floor again. "There, you like that? That taste good?"

"Mmph," said Amanda.

Derek adjusted his pants around a growing bulge. Scott said that Amanda was crazy in the sack, and gave incredible head. He put his back to the corner to peek into the kitchen as Scott guided her off his cock and bent to kiss her. They kissed across the room until they hit the counter and Scott lowered the already maladjusted skirt off Amanda's hips. He lifted her to the wooden cutting board, spreading her legs, and all Derek could think of was how he might never cut another sandwich there. 

While his mind contemplated that, his cock began to throb at the proximity to the pussy that spread wet and pink before him, only to get stuffed by a different cock. Derek reached into his pants to adjust himself again, but his hand stayed there. He peeked again and Scott was pounding her against the cupboard with her legs wrapped around and her huge tits jiggling. 

Derek leaned back quickly as he thought her eyes were coming his way and stayed very still. When Amanda began to moan louder, his hand moved again, along his shaft softly before he gripped it and rubbed it against the cloth. 

"Yeah, baby," Amanda moaned. "In there. Stick it in my ass."

"Holy shit," Derek muttered, and had to take another look. Amanda was now positioned facing him with Scott behind her lifting one leg, still playing his cock against the outside of her asshole. She was staring right at the doorway.

"Come out here, you little pervert," Amanda said. Derek remained pressed to the wall, afraid to even take his hand out of his pants. "I saw you, Derek. Come here."

"I... I..." said Derek.

"If you come out here, I'll suck your dick while Scott rams my ass."

Derek's jaw dropped. He couldn't reply for a moment. "Really?"

"Come on, you little pussy," said Scott. "This slut loves to be plugged in both ends."

Derek pulled his hand out as he turned into the doorway. "You shouldn't speak so disrespectfully about your girlfriend."

"There's no disrespect," Amanda assured him, taking her breast in her right hand as she leaned against the back of the kitchen chair. "I do love it. Come here and sit down."

Derek swallowed slowly before complying. Amanda bent and immediately began to unfasten his belt and his fly, glancing up but not losing her place as Scott began to grind against her, rubbing the head of his cock against her tight asshole. 

Amanda took hold of Derek's member and squeezed it gently to gauge his arousal. She glanced at him with a crooked smile and it became even harder. She popped the button of his boxers and his cock sprung out and against her full red lips. Her tongue came out and travelled along the bottom, licking around the head and taking it all into her mouth as Scott finally penetrated her ass to his full length. 

"Mmph!" said Amanda. She sealed her lips around his cock and sucked as she bobbed up and down, polishing his rod with plenty of saliva. Derek tensed and gripped the chair, almost ready to come, but Amanda pulled back unexpectedly.

"Not so fast," she said. "I like your cock, Derek, I'm going to give it a promotion. Get on the table, Scott, lay back."

Scott followed her commands faithfully, smirking as he glanced between them. She knelt facing away from him and lowered her ass around it again, guiding it in between her round cheeks and deep into her asshole. She beckoned Derek off his chair and brought his hand to her breast. He squeezed it, noting the soft flesh that bulged between his fingers. He stepped forward so she could reach for his slick shaft and pulled him closer by his throbbing erection. She pushed his cock to her glistening wet snatch and he pushed it in.

He closed his eyes, rubbing her tit in a circle, unable to believe the tightness inside and the sensation as the pressure dropped when Scott pulled back, and tightened again as he thrust into her. 

Amanda moaned loudly, arching her back, braced with her hands in Scott's. Her breasts swayed hypnotically, her nipples commanding Derek to pound her pussy harder, to time his thrusts with Scott to make sure her pussy and ass would be filled completely, both holes stretched. She rolled her hips to encourage them, grinding them together inside, just a thin piece of flesh between them. Derek withdrew and penetrated again, unable to hold back from an uncomfortable conclusion, "I'm going to come..."

"Yes, come," Amanda moaned, grinning. "Pull out and spread your filthy cum all over me, cover my tits with your seed."

Derek didn't really want to pull out, but he let himself be pushed back and then pulled forward by his rigid handle. Amanda pulled him to the table so she could jerk him against her tits, rubbing his head into her nipple and jiggling them around him. She began to moan louder, one hand devoted to him and her glorious tits and the other to herself, rubbing her clit in a rapid circle. 

She sighed as Derek arrived, spraying her with his hot jizz and still rubbing his cock against her nipple. "Mm," she said. "Now lick it off."

Derek swallowed slowly, and she grabbed him behind his neck before her could stand straight. She pulled him down to kiss her and then pulled him down further, to her cum streaked boobs. He allowed her to guide his tongue over her nipple, still bouncing as she rode Scott's cock, and the salty, metallic taste filled his mouth as she let him close his mouth around a small bead of cum. 

"See, that's not so bad is it?"

Derek shrugged. 

She leaned forward to kiss him again and took the taste of cum from his tongue. "Mm, you taste good," she whispered. 

She pushed him back to her breast and Derek licked and caressed, exciting her further as she rolled her hips around the cock that stretched her ass. Scott grunted louder, pulling her against him with each thrust upward, drawing short, sharp cries out of Amanda. 

"Here I go!" Scott announced, and Amanda shrieked and rocked with him, sharing his climax, and experiencing another as she raised up from his cock, a single bead of cum running down the inside of her leg behind it. 

Amanda took her fingers out of her pussy, trailing a line up her flat stomach and between her tits. She closed her eyes and she tasted it, and shuddered again. "I told you Derek would be game," she said.

"Mm," said Scott, laid out flat across the table. He rolled to his feet and took his pants off the back of a chair. Taking Amanda by the hand to lead her, he glanced at Derek on his way into the hall. "It's your turn to clean the kitchen."