 In the previous chapter Daddy's next Home Coming we left Steve and Sarah in the lounge discussing their future. If you haven't read that chapter then may I suggest you do so. Many thanks to all those who are voting for me, for it gives me the encouragement to continue.

*

Sitting on the sofa, casually sipping our drinks; we broached upon relationships and whether either of us would be hurt or offended by having a third person present. To her father's amazement Sarah was 'all for it', she had no problems or hang-ups etc: As for contraception, again Sarah was way ahead of her father, for she had been on the pill ever since that fateful day.

After a short while, Sarah drew her legs up onto the sofa and rested her back against her father's chest. Drooping an arm over her shoulder he casually slipped his hand under her blouse cupping a breast before gently teasing its nipple with his fingers, inducing a warm sensation to radiate through her body. Sarah gently slid down her father's body and lay with her head on his lap; feeling his cock stir; Sarah re-positioned her head, unzipped his trousers then slipped her hand in and gently took hold of his slowly rising flesh. Knowing that he had nothing to give, her father suggested that perhaps they should turn in for the night and see what tomorrow offered. As they lay in each other's arms, Sarah idly playing with the hairs on her father's stomach, he, gently stroking Sarah's body. They revelled in the joy of being in each other's arms under the duvet, for Sarah this was a totally new experience.

Having put the world too rights, their breathing soon became sallow and regular as they succumbed to sleep; Sarah turning on her side, facing away from her father. He turning towards her and moving closer to her, curling around her form so that he cocooned the full length of her body, his hand gently resting on her stomach. With a soft murmuring of "I love you", they both fell asleep.

Now Steve awoke most mornings wanting that good morning fuck, you know what I mean. However this morning he found his cock had slowly forced a passage between Sarah's legs and enter her pussy; slightly aroused Sarah nestled in closer to her father and gently started to move her ass and pelvic muscles, Steve sensing her reaction slid his hand down her body, his middle finger seeking out her pussy then slipping two fingers in between her labia before circling and pinching her clit. Sarah whimpered breathlessly as he buried his face into her neck, licking and kissing her earlobe.

"Oh Fuck" She softly moaned "That feels so good."

Slowly rocking his hips, he forced his cock in and out, between the softness of her labia. Steve sensed her hands float up to her undulating breasts. Clutching them, she squeezed and clawed at them with her hands.

Steve gently fucked his daughter causing her to groan and squirm under him; he continued to gently tease her clit while he fucked her with slow thrusting strokes. As Steve pumped with increasing urgency inside her tight pussy, she urged him on, "Come on daddy, fuck me, fuck my pussy; make me cum on your big fat cock!"

Resisting the urge to fuck her faster, Steve slowly ploughed into his daughter's cunt until he could feel his orgasm building in his balls. She could sense it too, his cock thickening inside her, Steve's thrusts becoming more urgent, Sarah's breathing became more rapid as she struggled to urge him on. Sarah breathing quickened further, for now Steve was pulling and tugging relentlessly at her nipples.

"Yes...YES!" she panted. "Fuck me...That's right fuck me!"

Sensing Sarah's climax was imminent, Steve's hips began to work faster, pacing their rhythm with that of her rushed breathing. Sarah began to meet his strokes with thrusts of her own, until at last an explosion tore through his body.

As the first surge welled up from his groin, Sarah gasped, thrusting herself up hard against Steve's pelvis. With his cock buried deep inside her cunt, Steve could feel his semen spurting out into his daughter's spasming pussy.

Clutching her tightly against his body, but gently rubbing Sarah's clit, she cried out again and again, with each hot powerful surge her whole body convulsed with delight, she moaned out her satisfaction as more and more of her father's thick cum spewed out into her pussy. Grinding herself up against him, she rode out their simultaneous orgasm, as Steve groaned and grunted behind her.

Finally, utterly spent and exhausted from both the fucking and the emotional drain, Steve withdrew his cock and rolled down beside her.

"Phew, daddy," she grasped, "That's some way to start a morning, it was wonderful."

As they lay in each other's arms, Sarah idly playing with the hairs on her father's chest and stomach, he, gently stroking Sarah's body. They talked about how different their lives were going to be, about the fascinations Sarah had regarding the three of them for Sarah had a true soft spot for Chris even though he was Steve's lover.

A rumbling of stomachs soon broke their intimate conversation, "Hungry or would you just like to shower first?" whispered Steve

"I'll shower first, will you join me?" said Sarah with a glint in her eye.

"Try and stop me!"

As Steve bent down to pick her up she wrapped her arms around his neck before carrying her to the shower. He smelt her sweet, musky yet sexy scent waft from her body it was so intoxicating that he found himself rising to the occasion, yet he knew that there was nothing to give.

He placed her down near the shower as she rained kisses on him and thanked him. Having turned the water on and checked its temperature they hopped in the shower together, the water cascading over their bodies as he grabbed the flannel and soap it up before lathering her body all over, paying special attention to her back and shoulders. . Steve's cock gently rubbed against her ass as the flannel glides down one of her legs and up her inner thigh. She lets out light moans, the flannel then travels down her other leg and up her thigh softly, slowly teasing her as it stops inches from her soft pussy. Asking Sarah to turn round Steve moved the flannel over her sexy perky breasts teasing her nipples; he rubbed them harder making her aureoles stand out hard and firm as the flannel trails down her body before moving across and circling her belly. Rubbing lightly on her pussy lips he washed them clean, sending little surges through her body.

Now it was Sarah's turn to return the pleasure, grabbing the flannel from Steve she lathered it up, before soaping up Steve's back and shoulders before moving the flannel over his cute sexy ass, then gliding it down one of his legs then up his inner thigh briefly touching his scrotum. He lets out light moans, the flannel then travels down his other leg where Sarah asks her father to turn around. She now began the reverse journey, the flannel travelling teasing slowly up his legs and inner thigh until it came to Steve's scrotum. Here Sarah drops the flannel, soaped up her hand and intimately washed her father's genitals before turning her attention to his painfully erect cock.

"Are you trying to kill me," mutters Steve has he feels the onset of an empty orgasm.

"No, just enjoying one of the pleasures of life," replied Sarah applying an tighter grip around Steve's cock as she slowly masturbated him.

Soon his first climax hit him, causing Steve to slumped against the shower wall and groaned as his cock twitched painfully in Sarah's hand.

"Enough, enough!" cried Steve as it became too painful for Sarah to continue.

Leaving Steve slumped against the wall; Sarah turned off the water, hopped out the shower and grabbed a towel. Steve could only watch as Sarah tantalisingly dry her legs, breasts, and body before going to the wash basin, where standing there with her breasts giggling she cleaned her teeth. Steve relished at the sensual, sexy sight that would now greet him in the mornings. With her toiletries finished, Sarah hurried to her bedroom, applied some deodorant before rushing totally naked downstairs to get some breakfast.

Steve now fully recovered made his way to the wash basin to complete his ablutions. Only then did he go into his bedroom apply some deodorant before considering what to wear. Remembering Sarah's dislike for clothes in this warm weather, Steve decided to follow suit, so he too went totally naked downstairs, his flaccid cock jiggling around as he descended the stairs.

The smell of breakfast; eggs and bacon, toast and coffee wafted from the kitchen as Steve made his entrance; seeing Sarah with her back towards him. She looked ravishing. If someone had told me six months ago, that he would see his daughter stood naked at the stove, he would have said they were crazy. But there she was, with those trim legs, pert ass, and blond hair hanging loose below her shoulders.

When she turned round to welcome me for a few seconds there was utter silence before she cried; "Daddy you're starker's," accompanied with a total look of astonishment.

"Yes, with this hot weather I thought I'll give it a try," explained her father, pulling out a chair and sitting himself at the table.

"Help yourself to toast and coffee, breakfast won't be long, I'm just doing the eggs," said Sarah as she busied herself with the frying pan. Soon it wasn't long before Sarah had the meals platted up and made her way over to the table.

Steve just sat there drooling as his daughter, first walked across the kitchen then bent and leant towards him offering him his plate. It was then his cock slowly began to stir. Sarah deciding to sit next to her father, walked around the table and in pulling out a chair Sarah caught a glimpse of her father's rising cock. An instant later she was down on her knees and had taken Steve's cock into her mouth.

Steve being totally unprepared spluttered and almost choked on his coffee. "Oh, God, that feels so good." He exclaimed once Steve had found his voice.

Sarah continued to suckle her fathers cock; no other words could describe it; for a couple of minutes before sitting herself down and starting her breakfast.

Thinking better of it, Steve never said a word, in fact their conversation turned to how Sarah past her time completely alone in the house, since to her Steve would seem to be a stranger and he didn't want to upset her routine since, at any one time with these bloody wars going on, he never knew when he would be recalled back for duty.

Sarah took great delight in telling her father how she had changed things to suit her nudity and sexual activity. She explained to him how all the post was held at the local post office, how when she went for a walk in either the orchard or the gardens she always took a light frock with her and hid it somewhere just in case of visitors. The shopping was done weekly 'dressed of course' and last but not least there were always fresh batteries available for her friend which always accompanied her around the house.

On this matter Steve was unsure of its meaning, thought it pointless to clarify, and continued with his breakfast.

So that was it, the honeymoon was over. It was the day to day grind of living together like newly-weds; the sexual frolics in the shower, around the house, in the orchard under the trees; you name it they tried it. Steve seemed to be rejuvenated by Sarah's presence and vigour, for each day brought a new beginning. ~~~~~~

As I said before, Steve awoke most mornings with a 'hard-on' and it was not usual for him to want that good morning fuck. However this morning was totally different for running his fingers gently over Sarah's pussy Steve detected a trace of stubble, "Young lady, I think you need a shave," he whispered to her before rising from the bed and making his way to the bathroom.

Armed with some new razors, towel, bowl of warm water, washcloth, shaving brush, shaving gel and moisturiser, Steve made his way to the side of the bed and placed all the items on the bedside cabinet. He then sat on the bed, stared at Sarah's pussy for a minute or so, thinking about how much fun he was going to have shaving it clean. Gently he eased the towel under her ass, Steve then took the washcloth, moistened it in the warm water before gently cleaning her pussy and surrounding area. Sarah still in her morning stupor opened her legs, placed one hand over his and squirmed against his hand as he washed her.

Taking the gel, Steve squirted a small amount onto the wet shaving brush then accompanied by Sarah's squeals of delight, worked it into a rich lather around her pussy. Carefully using one of the new razors, Steve started shaving away the stubble of her pubic hair. Using one hand to pull her lips out of the way (slipping a finger inside of her for effect) he expertly removed all traces of pubes. Once done, Steve used the end of the towel to wipe off any excess lather before applying some moisturiser, only then did he sit back to admire his work. Steve proud of his work, slowly took his hand and rubbed all over her freshly shaved pussy, feeling how silky smooth it was. He could smell the musky scent of her arousal, as her labia began to shine with pussy juice.

Bucking her hips against his hand, Sarah was going nuts as her father slipped two fingers deep inside of her. Sliding down the bed he kissed his way up her thighs to her newly shaven cunt. Sarah grabbed him by head and pulled him in tight, where he fucked her cunt with his tongue, eagerly exploring every inch of her sweet flesh. Hard and fast he attacked her clit, licking and sucking that little nubbin of flesh as she rubbed her pussy against his face.

"Ohhhh Goddddd!!! OHHHhh Goddddd!" cried Sarah as she sensed her imminent orgasm.

The continued experience was too much for Sarah as she exploded in ecstasy, clenching her thighs around her father's head as she came over and over again. He lapped up all her juices, savouring her incredible taste. He sucked her clit hard into his mouth which sent her over the top again. Completely lost in her orgasm, Sarah fucked Steve's face as she came again and again. Finally she couldn't take it any more and pushed his mouth away. She looked down at him, his face glistening with her juices, putting her hands under his arms; Sarah pulled him up to her. They kissed passionately, his cock sliding back and forth over her slippery cunt. Sarah reached down to fondle him, and then guided his hard cock inside her swollen pussy.

She was so wet from her orgasms; with one thrust Steve's cock stretched her to the limit as Sarah wrapped her legs around his ass, pulling him deeper inside of her as they fucked. Sensing a lack of friction, Steve got to his knees and placed Sarah's legs on his shoulders, which allowed him to fuck her even deeper, deep enough to feel the occasional bump on her cervix, causing Sarah to scream.

.He started fucking Sarah with hard, deep thrusts as their orgasms built. Steve was barely pulling his cock out of her before slamming back inside. With each thrust, Sarah moaned loudly, and Steve could tell she was close to cumming. That was all it took. All the sucking, rubbing and fucking sent Sarah into another explosive orgasm, her whole body shuddering as she came all over her father's hard cock.

Steve continued pounded Sarah's cunt. Sarah started using her inner muscles to squeeze his cock with each deep thrust, until he lost it. Steve drove his cock deep inside her one last time as he felt his balls tighten, and cried out "Ohhhh shitttt!" as he exploded deep inside her tight pussy. Steve spewed cum over and over inside of her; he tried to withdraw once the pulsations in his cock had ceased but Sarah's cunt still clutched at his cock.

Steve tried again to pull away but it was too painful, the grip Sarah had on his trapped cock was unbelievable and it was this preventing Steve's cock from naturally shrinking. Uncomfortable as it was, all Steve could do was lower Sarah's legs and wait.

Sarah seeing the funny side of the situation, teased her father relentlessly about having such a big cock and started to tickle him, this only made matters worse for each sudden movement caused excruciating pain.

With Sarah's legs wrapped around his ass, Steve gently but painfully moved his cock back and forth inside Sarah's squidgy cunt until he finally felt her muscles relax. Pulling gently out, Steve moved back and watched as copious amounts of cum flowed freely out of Sarah's cunt. Steve just sat there staring until pressure on his bladder broke his attention and made him head to the bathroom.

~~~~~

As was often the case, Sarah and her father were sat cuddled up together, sipping wine and talking about the events in their lives. As the night wore on and the wine bottle got depleted, once again they began opening up to each other, and like many other the conversation started to turn sexual. "Dad, where is the strangest place you've ever had sex?" asked his daughter before beginning to giggle.

"What's so funny?" asked Steve.

"Nothing, I was just looking at us sat here, drinking and chatting, and then I go and ask a stupid question."

"No, it's not stupid, just a hard one to answer, because it involves your mother before we got married," replied Steve.

"Oh come on dad, spill it out, for I know so very little about you and mummy in your younger days. When I tried asking mummy how you two met, she would always buck the question;" pleaded Sarah.

"OK, but its going back a long time, and things may be a bit hazy with the wine and all that;" Replied Steve:-

From early in my teens, I knew I was bi-sexual and many years ago when I was a junior officer stationed in some barracks in Wales, I met your mother at an officer's party. It was one of those things you had to attend if you wanted to get on in those days. Your mother was a real corker and fun loving person, with a passion for caving; so being young and stupid I enrolled in the local caving club so I could get to know her better.

One night at the club, Emma (your mother) drop a real bombshell and introduced me to her current boyfriend, for a moment I was flabbergasted for Emma had never given me any inclination she was serious about anyone; so being polite, I accepted the situation and became great friends with both of them. As the weeks pasted I found however, I was becoming attracted to Roger (a local well-to-do) and he likewise to me so behind Emma's back or so we thought, we started to develop a relationship which in those days was almost illegal and would certainly if found out ended my career in the army.

One day sat in a café talking with Roger, we both found out we were past the heavy petting stage with Emma, and perhaps just perhaps with the right kind of atmosphere things could progress further. We were still sat in the café talking about life in general, when in walks Emma, who orders a coffee and sits besides us, then asks if she could be present at one of our meetings. Roger and I just looked at each other flabbergasted, for she had known about our affair for sometime.

A few weeks later, our little world changed, for the caving club had organised a trip to a local caving complex. I had thought about not going but Emma talked me into it. Arriving at the car park Emma advised us to completely strip off and just wear our boiler suits and wellingtons. Like lambs to the slaughter, Roger and I followed Emma and the group through the maze of tunnels until we came to a cavern containing a sump.

Its waters were surprisingly warm, crystal clear and the mud was the finest glutinous matter I had come across, inevitably a mud fight broke out, soon all three of us were covered in this rich silky mud which had got everywhere. In cleaning up we found that we were now along, for the rest of the group had gone on the explore another part of the cave, so being fool hardy and perhaps risqué I completely stripped off and started to clean off, when suddenly a large pat of mud hit my naked body, turning quickly round, the first thing I saw was Roger stripping off, the second was Emma standing there with mud all over her hands.
