 Author's note: This is a sequel to my first story, My Sexual Adventure, and incorporates many of the characters from the first story, plus a few new ones. This story takes place after the events of Chapter 6, during Chris's remaining college years. All characters are over 18, and all are loosely based on my favorite porn stars listed below. Remember to rate and leave comments for possible improvement.

Actor list: Danny Wylde: Chris Jones (22) Brandi Love: Alison Jones-Banks (40) Aidra Fox: Kelly Lang-Jones (21) Logan Pierce: Adam Banks (22) Charles Dera: Nolan Lang (42) India Summer: Sally Lang (41)

Episode List:

Chapter 1. Married Life

Chapter 2: School friends make wild sex partners

Chapter 3: My wife and I start a co-ed Frat!

Chapter 4: First Initiates

Chapter 5: Old friends and new cum at our first Frat Orgy

******************************************************

Hi, I'm Chris Jones. In my first story, I told you about how I turned from a witless virgin to having the biggest bisexual orgy in history. Well, I'm about to tell you another story about what happened after the events of the last story, before we had kids with Kelly, Adam, and my mom. This is the story of how we started a bisexual co-ed fraternity.

About Six months after we got married in the Generational Orgy grand finale, where we collectively fucked our way through every single member of Seductive Swinger's United present at the time, Kelly and I had settled into a routine around our house. Each morning we'd wake up in the nude, fuck our brains out in bed, then get showered and fuck again, then head down to make breakfast, then fuck over the food, and sometimes eat in the process of our fucking, then head out back to the pool and hot tub, and fuck some more.

Presently, it was march break, so we had no school, but once school started back up, we would head to school wearing light clothes, attend classes and find time to fuck between them. Upon heading home, we would strip nude and once again embrace in our sexual frenzy until dinner. Sometimes we wouldn't bother waiting and just fucked at the table while eating dinner, then retire to the bed and fuck until we got tired, which usually happened around two in the morning, unless we had homework to do, which came between dinner and bedtime. and took up most of our time during exams, as we learned during the fall semester. We barely fucked during the first two weeks of December. But once exams were finished, we would have sex double time to make up for our breaks.

My mom, Alison would sometimes join us in our fucking sessions, as would her husband, Adam, who was my age and Kelly's ex-boyfriend. He had introduced me to bisexual and gay sex, which I find just as enjoyable as straight sex, which I usually do with Kelly, my mom, or any of our friends that are part of our swinger squad, as we like to call it. This usually consisted of eight friends, three guys, and their girlfriends. Anthony, Jeff, and Mark had each fucked Kelly before I met her, and after I became bisexual, I had fucked the three of them, as well as their girlfriends, in a pool party I hosted in mid-July a year ago.

The house we live in was bought by my late Father a few years after my mom got pregnant with me at 18. The house itself was located in a suburb outside of Las Angeles, and had around five rooms, seven bathrooms, two kitchens on the ground floor and basement, an entertainment system on the first and second floors, current and previous generation video game consoles in a game room in the basement, along with a pool table, a small gym and a personal sauna.

Sometime after I was born, my parents signed a contract with Seductive Swingers United and became bisexual porn stars, and made thousands of gross income making movies and porn scenes, which is how they managed to afford a house like mine. They left the industry after I turned five, but dad maintained a legal career he got from college and also made an investment for me when I was five, to be released to me when I was 18.

Before I lost my virginity, I had no idea my mom and dad were porn stars, let alone bisexual. But a few years after my dad passed away and I started dating Kelly, the truth came out. After that, my life changed forever and I don't regret a thing. The previous year's events showed me that my life was going to be awesome, especially when I had friends and family who were just as crazy as I was!

This changed somewhat around March of the next year. Me, Kelly, Adam and my mom were enjoying one of our annual foursomes, where I was fucking my mom, while she licked Kelly's pussy, and Kelly was taking Adam's cock into her mouth. We were all moaning like wild and taking it slow to really enjoy ourselves. We weren't in any hurry, but that quickly changed when the phone rang!

I was closest, so I picked up the wireless phone, "Banks and Jones residence! How can we service you today?" I said into the speaker, which was common to say whenever one of our swinger friends came calling.

The person to answer was not one of our swinger friends, "I beg your pardon?! I'd like to speak to my daughter please!" came a woman's voice, "This is her mother speaking!"

I gulped and stopped fucking my mother. Everyone else stopped and looked at me, seeing a worried look on my face. I quickly passed the wireless to Kelly and mouthed, "your mother!" She grabbed the phone and said, in a sweet girly voice, "Hey mommy, what's up?"

What happened next was a yell that everyone heard, and made it clear her mother was unconvinced by her attempted tone, "WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL US YOU GOT MARRIED?" her mother yelled, "YOU TOLD US YOU WERE MOVING OUT OF YOUR OLD PLACE AND INTO YOUR BOYFRIEND'S HOUSE, AND ABOUT FIVE MONTHS LATER, WE HEAR YOU GOT MARRIED WITHOUT US!"

Kelly tried to calm her mother down, but her mother warned her not to interrupt! She then went on to ask in a harsh voice if the little joke I said was part of some kind of gag we pull whenever people come to call, and wanted to know who I was in the first place. By the end of her ranting, I went completely flaccid and dropped out of my mom's pussy. Mom quickly sat up and leaned against me, rubbing her back against my chest while we listened to Kelly as, she too, sat up.

Kelly went on to talk to her mother in a calm voice, answering several questions like "Where do you live?", "How much does he make?", "Why weren't we invited to the wedding?" and "Why haven't you called in nine months?". By the end of the conversation, Kelly had an exasperated look on her face as her mother brought up the biggest question of them all, which Kelly looked stunned at, "When can we come to visit?"

Everyone looked at her after hearing the question being asked, and Kelly didn't answer right away. Her mother made several attempts to get her attention, finally yelling her name again, which Kelly answered back and said. "We'll have to think about that for a few minutes, can we put you on hold for that time?" and didn't wait for an answer, as I immediately flipped the hold button on the phone console. Kelly then hunched on her front and moaned in frustration!

"Why did she have to do that?" she said, "We're not prepared for a visit like that! We don't even have guests other than our friends, or business dealings! I mean, we're scheduled for a session in two months and the camera crew's coming here for that!" I nudged my mom off her rubbing and crawled over to Kelly, hugging her in the process, "It's gonna be okay, baby!" I said, "I have an idea on how we can do this! We just have to reschedule our appointments, call our friends and tell them not to come around for a few days and avoid any kind of sexual activity that would arouse suspicion!"

I leaned back and turned the hold button off, picked up the phone from Kelly's hand and said, "Mrs. Lang, We'd love to have you guys for a visit!" I said politely, "When are you guys available?"

"My husband gets some vacation time in about a week, and We don't plan on staying for more than two." Kelly's mother told me, "We'll book passage and meet you in town in a couple of days!" then she hung up without saying goodbye. I looked at everyone and said we had at least three or four days!

Afterward, no one was interested in sex, we all scrambled to make preparations. Kelly and I called our friends and told them to steer clear from the house for the next week or so, Adam called SSU to reschedule the shooting for about a month from now, and mom grabbed all of our naughty DVDs and other items that we used for sex and stuffed them in the basement storage space.

In the next few days, we spent endless time preparing our house for their arrival, cleaning every piece of furniture and room, clearing out the scent of sex from the house, and even went so far as to cleanse the pool and hot tub filters. By the time Kelly's parents got here, the room was cleaner than it was when I lost my virginity. By the time Kelly's parents arrived, all traces of our nudity or sexual activity were gone from the house.

On Tuesday evening, we got a call from Kelly's mom saying they were just boarding a plane and would be landing at 8AM the next morning. Upon hearing that, I knew it would take an hour and a half to get to the airport, so I set my alarm clock for two hours in advance when I went to bed. At 6:15 AM the next morning, Kelly and I woke up, got showered and dressed and took the car to the airport where we waited for an hour before the departure doors opened.

Kelly leaned in close to me a few minutes before people started pouring out, "I should probably tell you a little something about my parents before you meet them!" she said, "They're a little..." but before she could finish, we heard a woman's voice calling Kelly's name and waving. I looked and saw two people walking towards us, smiling broadly. Kelly smiled back and embraced her parents, as I stood back and examined them.

Kelly's mom was gorgeous and looked like an older version of Kelly. She was slightly taller than Kelly, and had half a size larger breasts, but everything else was the same. Same eyes, same brown hair, same figure. Kelly's dad was a somewhat different story. He had a chiseled face and body, from a first glance, and he had short wavy brown/black hair and at least a three-day-old beard. He wore a casual blazer, but I guessed that was to make the impression that he actually worked for a living, while I was still in college. He was only an inch or two taller than me, but he made the impression and glare that he was in fact much bigger! It was almost arousing if I wasn't completely intimidated by him!

Kelly disengaged from her mother and hugged her dad, then backed up next to me and introduced me. She then told me their names, Sally and Nolan. Sally smiled at me and gave me a quick hug, saying it was a pleasure to meet me. Nolan, on the other hand, just held out a hand for me to shake, and as I did, I felt him squeeze very hard as we shook hands. I quickly offered to take their bags, but while Sally smiled and agreed, Nolan maintained a level of defiance and said he was fine.

After we loaded their bags into the car and drove off, Nolan asked me what I did for a living. I smiled and told them that I was taking Law as a career, like my father. Nolan smiled and asked if he would be able to meet my father at home, which I responded with the fact that he had passed a few years ago. Sally offered her condolences and asked what my mother was like. I answered honestly that mom was a kind and caring person, and that she lived at home and took up volunteer work whenever she had the chance. I mentioned that the house had a pool if they were interested in swimming while they visited, but Nolan made it clear that they didn't bring swimwear with them.

I shrugged and mentioned that we had other things to occupy our time while they visited, but in my mind, I imagined what Sally and Nolan would look like if they decided to skinny dip in the pool. I got hard just wondering how big Nolan's dick was when I got off the highway and headed for home. When we arrived, Adam came out the front door to help Nolan and me with the bags, and Nolan stopped dead as he stared at Adam with a very dark expression on his face.

"What is this fag doing here?" he asked, severely. Adam looked at me with a pained expression and I mentioned that he lived here under rent, due to his apartment suffering from some water damage a few weeks back. It was a lie, of course, but we had to maintain lies like that while Kelly's parents visited. Once Nolan had grabbed his bags, he gave Adam the same dark look and proceeded to the house. Sally also gave Adam a dark look, but hers was less severe than Nolan's, and she didn't object to him taking her bags. I glanced at Kelly, who gave me a sad look that told me that the thing she wanted to mention had a lot to do with Adam. I whispered to her to tell me once they got settled in, and we followed her parents into the house.

My mom was wearing a light sundress when she greeted Kelly's parents and said it was an honor to meet them. Nolan blushed as he smiled and shook her hand, and Sally was equally pleased to meet her. They talked for a few minutes before my mom directed them to one of our guest rooms where they'd be staying, and we all took their bags up two flights of stairs and then took a right on the top floor. the guest room as about the size of the master bedroom with a king sized bed and green and purple flower pattern sheets, a small vanity off to the side and an adjoining bathroom.

We left Kelly's parents to unpack and get settled, then I pulled Kelly into a walk in closet a short distance away, Adam following in my wake. I let go of Kelly's arm and switched on the light, telling her to spill the beans!

"My parents are fundamentalist Christians!" Kelly said without delay, "They believe in natural unions between a man and woman, and don't like homosexuality of any kind!" she made a quick glance at Adam, and added, "They live a few states away and objected when I told them I was accepted to the university here.When I introduced them to Adam a few years ago, they quickly found out he was Bi and threatened to revoke my tuition if I didn't break up with him at once!"

I looked at Adam who nodded, morosely, "Is that why you two broke up?" I asked.

Kelly shook her head, "No! We broke up because he kept bringing guys into our bed and keeping me out of our group sessions! He once brought five guys into the room and ignored me complete while they sucked, licked, and fucked, by which time I had had enough! I told my parents a different story on how I couldn't be with a 'fag' and that my parents had raised me to be a 'Good Christian girl'. They gobbled it up and let me stay in L.A., but they maintained a watchful eye on me for a year before I met you!"

I couldn't believe that someone so wonderful like Kelly could have been raised by bigots like her parents, and realized that the dark stares I had gotten from Nolan made sense now, they thought I was like Adam and that I had taken it a step further by marrying their precious daughter. They were right of course, and I fully accepted that, but I had made up my mind to teach them a lesson in how to treat family members. I quickly hugged Kelly and told her I understood her parent's side but didn't agree with it. Kelly nodded in agreement and we quickly left the closet, Kelly wiping a tear from her face and excusing herself to use the restroom.

Once she was out of earshot, however, I pulled Adam close and kissed him dead on the lips, which he returned passionately. After the intense kiss ended, I told him I had an idea on how to make her parents regret their decisions to make threats in order to keep their daughter 'pure' as they would call it, which he wholeheartedly agreed to, and said that my mom would probably agree as well. For the next few days, we would maintain a level of casualness that suggested we were nothing more than tenant and landlord, but would give clues away to our hidden sexuality, in the hopes of slowly unhinging them to the point of being manipulated. Hopefully, the plan would work and we'd be able to teach Sally and Nolan a thing or two about modern parenting.

Around lunchtime that day, we settled into the kitchen where I made sandwiches and brought out a bottle of white wine for the ladies to drink. I also offered Nolan a beer, which he declined, but took a sandwich without saying another word. As we ate, Sally kept bringing up questions about our lives and how we settled into our married life. I kept things plain and said that we had maintained a level of friendship as well as intimacy, and my mom also chimed in several times that whenever we were intimate, she was informed well in advance and was not present to be a nuisance. Kelly also showed her parents the ring I had bought her, which they examined closely and said it was a little too lavish for their own tastes, but Kelly insisted that she loved it.

Mom also showed Sally her old ring, which she had replaced for the purpose of the visit, which Sally admired closely, and asked how much it had cost. I smiled as my mom mentioned that while lawyers maintained a high salary of over $10,000 a month, she was content that the ring she received was less than a month's worth, since, at the time, John was still in school and "worked a part-time job at a local bar" in order to afford the ring. Sally asked if he had ever considered replacing the ring afterward, but mom said she loved the ring she had and nothing would ever replace it.

Adam smirked and we exchanged a look since we had both gotten the girls a pair of matching rings from a jeweler in Vegas at the expense of Seductive Swingers United. The rings themselves dwarfed mom's wedding ring from dad and was twice the price combined with the tungsten unity rings we all wore.

After lunch, I told Sally and Nolan I was going out for a jog, and Nolan asked if he could come with me, since he hadn't been able to exercise on the flight at all, and was itching for a run. I said sure and we set out. While we ran, I decided to give off a little show of myself and about half an hour into the run, took off my shirt and poured a little water over myself since "it was so hot outside" and I was sweating. Nolan grinned as he took his own water out and drank, and I couldn't help but admire his physique.

He was definitely stronger than me, and his arms were bigger, but the thing that caught my attention was his dick, which was visible through his shorts. I knew at once that he was hard, and smiled to myself figuring I was the cause. I knew from experience that all men, gay, straight, or bisexual, have a little bit of male envy for those who were physically fit and that those who are fit have some kind of sexual stimulation whenever another fit person is present, male or female. The fact that Nolan was hard suggested that he, too, was attracted to me even though he maintained a heterosexual nature. A product of his Christian upbringing, no doubt.

We kept on our run, me now shirtless and wet from the water, him still wearing a shirt and sweating. By the time we doubled back, he had started asking me about my prospects and how I intended to maintain a marriage and school career. I told him that while school was our top priority, we maintained a healthy social life and I made it my business to care for my wife. I mentioned that for the moment, our primary source of income was Adam, who actually had a part time job and had graduated from school already, so he could devote his time to making money for himself and us. I also mentioned that mom's volunteer work sometimes got her a paying job elsewhere, due to her connections with the community.
