 Author's note: This is a sequel to my first story, My Sexual Adventure, and incorporates many of the characters from the first story, plus a few new ones. This story takes place after the events of Chapter 6, during Chris's remaining college years. All characters are over 18, and all are loosely based on my favorite porn stars listed below. Remember to rate and leave comments for possible improvement. 

Actor List: 

Danny Wylde: Chris Jones (22) 
Aidra Fox: Kelly Lang-Jones (21) 
Logan Pierce: Adam Banks (22) 
Tyler Nixon: Mark Danes (22) 
Seth Gamble: Jeff Mills (23) 
Mikey Butders: Anthony Cage (23) 
Misty Stone: Zoe King (21) 
Chad White: Arthur 'Ox' Oxford (25) 
Bruce Venture: Nick Lam (24) 
And introducing: Gracie Glam as Natalie Sloan (19) 

Episode List: 

Chapter 1. Married Life 

Chapter 2: School friends make wild sex partners 

Chapter 3: My wife and I start a co-ed Frat! 

Chapter 4: First Initiates 

Chapter 5: Old friends and new cum at our first Frat Orgy 

****************************************************** 

So Kelly's parents came for a visit and we ended up fucking them, after postponing a video shoot until a couple of weeks later. While under normal circumstances, that would have meant we'd be having less fun, but given that we had just come back from Spring Break and were resuming classes, it was hardly a bad thing. In fact, the more time we had to have sex, the better. In fact, the fact that our friends, who we had to keep away while Kelly's parents were here, were very grateful that we included them in our little sessions as soon as the in-laws left! And to top it off, Kelly and I were getting better sex now than we ever did while we were dating. 

On the week we went back, Anthony and Zoe came up to us and gave us both long hugs and asked if we converted the in-laws, an when we told them we did, asked for very explicit details on the experience, which we were happy to divulge. Once Anthony got an earful, he wanted to bend me over in the bathroom stall and Zoe was eagerly pulling Kelly into one, herself. For over fifteen minutes, the entire bathroom echoed non-stop grunting and moaning coming from the two stalls. It didn't stop people from entering and using the urinals, mind you, but as soon as they got an earful, they evacuated quickly, or peered into the handicap stall to catch a glimpse of the lesbian 69 that was going on! 

We each managed to orgasm twice before Campus security came knocking, and we had to stop and feign ignorance. Anthony and I were easy enough to convince that we weren't doing anything. The girls, on the other hand, had some explaining to do as to why they were in the men's room to begin with. By the end of a ten minute scolding, however, they were let off with a warning, and I was pretty certain that the guards had watched a small portion of the sex from a security camera in the corner of the bathroom and were turned on by my wife and Zoe going at it. I mean, who can blame them? 

Around two and a half days later around 11am, I got a call on my cell-phone from Annette, who told me that someone had cancelled a booking for the session we were gonna film, and asked if the filming could be done at our house, to which I fully agreed to. Annette then gave me a personal thank you by snapping a picture and sending it to me. Apparently, she was waiting to do something that dirty, because as soon as I opened the picture, my eyes bulged and I got hard instantly, for Annette was completely nude and fingering herself, while taking a large 10 inch dick in her mouth. I then stripped nude and took a picture of my dick and sent it back to her, with the caption, "Thanks for the hard-on, you sexy cougar!" 

After that, Annette and I kept on sending random sex pics until the day of the shoot, where she surprised me by having a picture sent with two of my favorite Co-stars, Nick and Ox. Annette was on all fours with Nick's dick in her mouth and Ox's dick in her pussy from behind. The caption that followed the picture read, "Here's what's in store for you guys. See you in a bit!" 

About an hour later, there was a knock on the door, and when I opened up, wearing nothing but a pair of jeans with no boxers underneath, a young girl in a rainbow colored bikini flung her arms around me and kissed me on the lips, a deep passionate kiss. As soon as she stopped and stood back, I got a better look at her. She was a few years younger than me, with a slight build on an otherwise petite body, and neck length brown hair and b-cup tits. She smiled at me as Nick and Ox came through the entrance and took off their shirts, hugging me in the process. Once we disengaged, they introduced the girl to me as Natalie Sloan, Annette's niece. 

"Natalie turned 20 a couple of weeks ago and just joined Seductive Swingers United." Nick told me, "This is her debut appearance! We're going to welcome her into the club by having a gangbang orgy!" I looked at her with a devilish grin after hearing the good news, and leaned in for another light kiss, just as Anthony, Jeff, and Zoe walked in, followed by a camera crew. I broke the kiss with Natalie just as Kelly and Adam walked down. I introduced them to Natalie as we were given instructions on how the video was to take place. 

About half an hour later, we were given a small script and sectioned off. Kelly, Zoe, and Natalie went up to the second floor with the camera crew, while the rest of us went out into the pool to get ready. According to the script, Nick was Natalie's boyfriend and was giving her a gift for her birthday. Cock! More specifically, our cocks! The idea would be that Nick would be opening the door and leading her and her girl friends, namely Kelly and Zoe, through to the backyard where we'd be in various stages of undress, me in my pants with no underwear, Ox wearing nothing at all, Adam in a Speedo, Anthony and Jeff in a pair of boxer briefs, their pants strewn over the way. He would then start making out with her as the other two girls would break off and start kissing the rest of us, then we'd split off and have many cocks in three holes. 

We didn't hear anything for about five minutes, then one of the camera crew came out and told Nick to go to the front door and wait for it to ring, which he did. Two minutes later, we all heard the bell ring and knew what was coming. One by one, Nick came out, followed by Natalie, then Kelly, and finally Zoe. Nick 'introduced' us as our gift to Natalie, then proceeded to kiss her gently, as Kelly moved to where Adam was standing and Zoe strutted over to Ox. I moved up behind her and Jeff moved up behind Kelly. Ox, meanwhile, walked up to Natalie and shoved his bare dick onto her ass as he leaned down and kissed the back of her neck. She moaned as her boyfriend and his friend began to feel around her and each other. 

We slowly progressed onwards from kissing to copping feels, the girls grabbed our cocks while we scrambled to feel up their tits. One by one, all three girls dropped to their knees and took both cocks placed in front of them in their hands and mouths. For five minutes, they interchanged between cocks, then we slowly moved all three of the girls in one place and circled around them, it was a really good feeling having three girls suck on your cock, at the same time and separately, but the biggest turn-on for me was that all the guys didn't stop at having their dicks sucked by the girls. In fact, all six of us started making out and using our hands on each other, fingering each other's asses or roaming nipples and muscles, even kissing each other to the entertainment of our women. 

We then lifted Kelly and Zoe to their feet as Adam and Ox led them off to the side, and the rest of us took Natalie and led her to a lounge chair. Nick sat down, his hard dick standing up straight, as Natalie mounted him and plunged her pussy onto his rod, groaning in the process. She then started bouncing up and down like a wild slut, her tits bouncing as she rode him. Then, on the cameramen's instructions, I got up behind Natalie and shoved my dick inside her ass, forcing my way in and starting thrusting away. She screamed for a few seconds, then started moaning and begging for more. Anthony took the initiative and presented his dick to her face, which she took into her mouth and started sucking. 

While we had Natalie in a gangbang position, Adam and Ox had Kelly and Zoe in doggy style positions, pounding away at their pussies from behind. The girls were moaning and urging for them to keep going so often that Mark and Jeff stepped up front and stuffed their hard dicks into their mouths, allowing for the girls to be shushed for the sake of Natalie being the focus, while also giving the second cameraman something to record. Every time I thrust, I heard Natalie groaning, but every time I looked over my shoulder, I got extra hard by watching my wife and Zoe getting cock from both ends. 

I had finally had enough, cumming inside of Natalie's ass and pulling out, bringing my dick around to where Kelly was being face fucked by Jeff. I tapped him on the shoulder and he pulled out and took my place in Natalie's ass. I then presented my soft dick to Kelly, who opened her mouth and allowed me to put it inside. She sucked it clean and made me hard again within a minute and a half. I then started thrusting back and forth, making her mouth feel like her pussy being ravaged hard. I also leaned forwards and kissed Ox on the lips, cupping his bare chest as I did. He greedily sucked my tongue into his as we fucked the same woman, and as we broke apart, I leaned next to me and kissed Mark on the lips as well, as Ox kissed Adam. 

Soon enough, the others quickly changed hands, in cocks, as it were. Nick came inside of Natalie and pulled out of her pussy, came over to us and tapped Mark on the shoulder. Mark pulled his dick out of Zoe's mouth and went over to Natalie, getting onto his back and pulling her onto his dick. At the same time, Anthony pulled out of Natalie's mouth and replaced Adam with Zoe's pussy, as Adam moved over to Natalie to be face fucked. With three cocks in Natalie and four cocks in Kelly and Zoe, we felt that our orgy had changed enough hands perfectly. The only one who didn't change was Ox, but he was content. 

Suddenly, we all heard a loud grunting sound and each of us, girls included, disengaged as Natalie let out an almighty howl, all three guys around her cumming all over her body, as she in turn convulsed in orgasm herself. Taking this as a clear sign that she was satisfied, the girls got up and rushed over to her. The second they reached her, they dropped down and started licking her body, collecting every inch of cum that had been strewn over her. The guys in turn grouped together and we started engaging in the second part of the video, the kinky gay orgy. 

Two guys were selected from the group, Adam and Nick, to be put on all fours as the rest of us grouped around them, putting our dicks in range of their asses and mouths to be sucked and fucked, all the while switching between kissing and touching our fellows, to stealing glimpses of the three girls who had moved into a three way triangular pussy licking position. Ox stood next to me and eagerly roamed his hands over my ass, squeezing it as we kissed and got our dicks sucked by my 'stepfather' and Ox's boyfriend. 

Around eight minutes into our circle blowjob, Adam and Nick were replaced with Anthony and Ox, then about eight minutes after that, I had a turn with Jeff, all the while our girls had moved from sucking each other's pussies to sitting back, Natalie in the middle, Kelly on her left and Zoe on her right, with their legs spread and rubbing each other's clits and tits, while kissing each other. I was really enjoying taking in multiple dicks at once, I had a dick in each hand and one in my mouth, sucking away. Every few strokes and sucks, I switched around, taking in a new dick and pair in my hands. 

I can safely say that I was having the best time while I was on my knees, looking up into my friends' eyes and watching as they fondled each other, as well as me and Jeff. By the time our eight minutes were up, I was reluctant to stand up, and wanted to keep sucking cock. After giving Adam a quick nibble and tugging extra hard on Ox and Nick's dicks, indicating I wanted to have them later, I stood up and watched as the last person knelt down, Mark. Since we were an odd numbered group of guys, we invited our girls to join us again, and watched as the three of them knelt down with Mark and resumed sucking us off. This went on well over eight minutes, and continued longer than that. 

We were all ready to burst around fifteen minutes, so upon our cameramen's instructions, Mark stood up and joined the circle, and we began to rub away at our dicks while our women began to rub and kiss each other in order to fully get us aroused enough to cum over them. Nick was the first to cum, shooting a good three loads over Natalie. I came second, closely followed by a simultanious ejaculation from Ox and Jeff, cumming over Zoe and Kelly's hair. Mark came after that, his cum splashing over Zoe's tits, and lastly Adam, who came all over Natalie's tits, his cum spraying longer and hitting Kelly's shoulder on the process. 

The girls gave us wide smiles and began lapping up our cum on themselves and around. A couple of us took our hands which had some residual cum drops on them and shared among the rest of the guys, who sucked just as greedily as the girls. The cameramen thanked us for our work and said they had enough footage for the video. They then had us disperse and asked Natalie to clean up for an interview in about an hour. As she walked away, I quickly checked my watch, which I had completely forgotten to remove when the shooting started, and realized it was half past three in the afternoon 

Smiling to myself that I had stayed hard for over three hours, I quickly put my jeans back on and pulled Ox off to the side and led him around to the tool shed. I quickly fondled his bare ass as I knelt down and took his dick into my mouth and resumed sucking him like we were still filming. He moaned out loud, but for some reason no one looked over at us, which allowed me to suck on him for as long as I wanted to. About fifteen minutes later, Ox was hard and came in my mouth, saying I was among the best cocksuckers he had ever experienced! I quickly got to my feet and kissed him on the lips, sharing his cum with him before walking around the shed and back to the pool. 

For about another hour, the cameramen began to conduct small interviews with all of us, first Nick and Natalie, then me, Kelly, Adam, and Ox in one group interview, then lastly had Jeff, Mark, Zoe, and Anthony in another group interview. By the time they had finished up and left, it was nearly time for dinner, so as soon as mom came home from her day trip to the mall, we made dinner and had all of our co-stars over. As we ate, Natalie regailed mom in the entire video and how much fun it was to have a lesbian threesome while having a gay circle jerk before her eyes. 

Mom got really turned on and by the time we had finished dessert, she was ready to have her own fun with us and quickly stripped naked and pulled Natalie, Zoe and Kelly to their feet and lead them to the living room. We quickly followed her and sat around the living room, watching as the four of them began to suck and scissor each other, getting hard in the process and stripping naked as well. Around 10pm, everyone was masturbating to the sight before us, some of us grabbing our neighbor's cocks for some added fun, and came all at once just as the girls let out a collective howl of pleasure. We knew they had cum as well, because as soon as our cum hit the floor, Kelly and Natalie has squirted some of their juices on the floor as well. 

It was then that Nick and Ox exclaimed that they were tired, and we all settled ourselves to hitting the sack. As we gathered our clothes and headed upstairs, Natalie asked me something rather unexpected. 

"Today was really cool!" she said to me, "Have you guys ever thought of joining a Fraternity? I hear the kind of sex they have in those houses is very comparable to the kind of stuff SSU does!" 

I told her I never thought about joining a fraternity since I had all the best fun and comradery with the group I had at home, but then stopped dead in my tracks as soon as I hit the first stair to the third floor. Four people were behind me, Nick, Ox, Anthony, and Zoe. I slowly turned around and looked at them, Natalie a few steps above me, looking back down. 

I looked at Nick and Ox and asked, "How does someone open a fraternity?" Nick looked at me with a look that suggested I was joking, but answered very seriously, "Well first you need a strong group of people to start it, then get authorization from the Greek Life Office of your university, and they'll try to convince you not to open the whole thing if they think it will be unsuccessful! However, if they can find a reason why it will be a good plan, they'll approve it without a problem! The real issue would be to find recruits! You'll need to sell the idea of what you're giving your fraternity members to make them want to become members!" 

Ox chimed in a few seconds after Nick explained the process, "Why do you ask, Chris?" he said. 

I smiled and answered, "Because Natalie's given my an idea! I'm going to create a Fraternity that mirrors Seductive Swingers United's key goals and rules." I said, proudly, "I am going to make a Bisexual Pornographic fraternity for everyone who wants to fuck freely, so they can do so without reservation! It's going to be coed so that women are allowed in, too! That way, we can film our scenes and sell millions. We'll have gay scenes, straight scenes, lesbian scenes, and bisexual scenes under one roof, and anyone who joins us can join SSU as well!" 

I quickly turned and looked up at Natalie, "What do you think? Would your aunt like the idea?" I asked her. She gave me a long stare, then walked down the steps to me and kissed me hard on the lips, "I think she'll love the idea!" she said, after breaking the kiss and giving me a very heartfelt smile, and a light pat on my chest. 

I looked around at everyone present and then asked the biggest question of the night, "So. Who wants to help me form the biggest, sexiest, most sexualized Fraternity ever?" Everyone looked at me for two seconds before nodding and whooping in agreement. I smiled and led them all upstairs where we stripped naked for the third time that night, and fucked with a great jolt of sexual energy, unable to contain our enthusiasm. For two whole hours, we went from partner to partner in a large orgy around the master bedroom, then finally around midnight, we all ejaculated one final time and slumped down onto the bed, curled up in everyone's arms and fell asleep. 

Tomorrow we'd start our plans for making a perfect new fraternity, but at the moment, I felt content with my wife and friends warming my body, and fueling my sexualized mind for what would come next. The best Fucking Fraternity in the history of College frats! 

Alpha Rho Opyo!