 Author's note: This is a sequel to my first story, My Sexual Adventure, and incorporates many of the characters from the first story, plus a few new ones. This story takes place after the events of Chapter 6, during Chris's remaining college years. All characters are over 18, and all are loosely based on my favorite porn stars listed below. Remember to rate and leave comments for possible improvement.

P.S. Sorry this took so long to continue. I had prior commitments that needed my full attention. Hope you enjoy!

*****

Danny Wylde: Chris Jones (22)

Aidra Fox: Kelly Lang-Jones (21)

Michelle Thorne: Annette Sloan (41)

Introducing: Devon Michaels as Nancy Gordon (41)

And Chad White as Bill Prangley (35)

*****

Chapter List:

Chapter 1: Married Life

Chapter 2: School Friends make wild sex partners

Chapter 3: My wife and I start a Co-ed Frat!

Chapter 4: First Initiates

Chapter 5: Old Friends and new Cum at our first Frat Orgy

*****

We finished our interviews over the weekend and, along with getting Annette to approve my idea of a bisexual frat where anyone could join SSU, which she was whole heartedly interested in, I began the task of opening one. The first thing I did was researched a name based on Greek Letters and I went with "Alpha" and "Rho". I then added a word to the name, which ended up being the Greek word Opyio, which translates to "Orgy". The second thing I did was set up an interview with the head of the Greek Life Office. The opening conversation happened like this:

Office: "Hello, how can I help you today?"

Me: "Hi, I'm Chris Jones. I'm a Law student and I was hoping to start a Fraternity."

Office: "I see. Do you have any of the requirements filled out?"

Me: "Not all, but I have a name, a mantra, and a short list of people who want to join and a third party who are willing to make donations to the university in exchange for the Fraternity to be approved!"

Office: "Well, at least you're determined to make this happen, aren't you? If you'll leave me your contact information, I'll send it to my boss and she'll make an appointment with you shortly."

I left the office my information and also got the Office head's name, Nancy Gordon. It took a few hours, but I finally got ahold of her. She called me while I was getting a friendly blowjob from Kelly, so my mouth was unoccupied while we spoke.

Me: "Hello, Jones residence!" I said, gasping slightly as Kelly did a twister on my hard-on.

Nancy: "Hi, Mr. Jones, I'm Nancy Gordon. I understand you want to open a Fraternity."

Me: "Yeah...oh, god...definitely!" I said, barely containing my enjoyment.

Nancy: "Is everything alright, Mr. Jones?" she asked.

I smiled, "All good. And please, call me Chris!" I said.

Nancy: "Okay Chris. I should inform you that we get dozens of requests to start a fraternity from various groups, most of them horny jocks who want an excuse to have orgies." She said, "I hope your idea is more appropriate than that!"

Me: "Hahaha, no. I've actually got a whole different idea in mind. Can I come to see you sometime, so I can tell you about it?" I asked, trying to hold my cum in while I spoke.

Nancy: "Certainly, I have an opening tomorrow around noon. Think you can make it?"

Me: "Oh, I can make it. Oh, god, I'm gonna cum!"

Nancy: "Great, I'll see you tomorrow then!" and with that, she hung up just as I release three wads of cum into Kelly's mouth. We laughed our asses off at the hilarity we just experienced. Nancy must have been either ignorant or has dealt with a lot of frat boys before.

We went to the Offices the next day at noon. Me, Kelly, and Annette, who had been sent by the heads of SSU as an advisor to ensure her investment wasn't in vain, stood outside the office doors until the clock struck noon, then walked in and sat down behind Nancy's desk.

Nancy was a middle aged woman with mocha tan skin, big D-cup breasts, and a red pants suit that left little to the imagination the way they pressed up against her tits. She also wore thick rimmed glasses and her brown hair was in a tight bun. Her body was shapely, and I admit I got a hard-on just thinking of ravaging her body to orgasming.

"So, I understand your application is filled out nicely," said Nancy, as soon as she looked at the paperwork we filled out while we waited, "But it says here your benefactors are Seductive Swingers United. Can you explain that?" she asked.

Annette cleared her throat, "Well, It's quite simple." She said, "Chris wants to open a Fraternity to serve as a staging area for our porno industry. Seductive Swingers United is a Bisexual porn company that has several distinct areas of entertainment, and we want to use the frat as an avenue to make millions. We'll gladly share a portion of our earnings with the University, of course!"

Nancy looked shocked, "You want to turn this University into a porn studio?" she said, almost shouting. I smiled and shook my head, "No. Just my house," I said, "which will serve as the Fraternity's location. I've already had several pornos filmed there and I plan on having a lot more before I'm done college!"

Nancy stood up, "I'm sorry, but I can't allow you to do this!" she said, walking towards the door, "Please leave my offices at once!" she opened the door, but wasn't able to push us out before Annette stood up and walked towards her, taking her into her arms and kissing her on the lips very passionately. Nancy let go of the door and it swung shut with a clang, her hands falling to grasp Annette's hips as Kelly and I grinned at each other. Nancy held on for about a minute before breaking away.

"No!" she gasped, "I won't be seduced by a..." she paused to catch her breath, "I won't be tricked into letting you...What was I doing?" she finally asked.

I smiled and stood up, unbuttoning my shirt and pants while I was at it. The second my zipper was down, my pants sank to my knees as my exposed dick flew out. I had been going without boxers ever since I started fucking Kelly and now I was proving how useful it was to go commando!

Nancy saw my exposed 7 inches and gasped silently. Staring at my hard member, she glanced from me to Nancy, then to Kelly, who was unbuttoning her blouse with equal speed as I did. The second her tits came out, Nancy melted into Annette's arms again and began to fondle the breasts through Annette's pants suit. I walked up and slid my dick up against Nancy's ass, "Oh, you feel so big...so hard!" Nancy whispered over her shoulder at me, "And your hands are so warm!"

"We're all here to pleasure you!" I told her, "And if you want to, we can have you join our new Fraternity where you can have your way with us whenever you want!"

Nancy moaned at those words, and I took that to mean "yes". In response, I groped her tits after Annette unbuttoned her blouse and unclipped her lace bra. They felt like erotic melons, smooth and plump. Every time I squeezed, she gasped and smiled at me, "I want you deep inside me!" she said, "I want to feel that cock inside my pussy!"

I smiled and let go of her tits, turned her around and stripped her of her remaining clothes. Her pants fell without making a sound, and her panties, however soaked, went with them. I then lifted her naked body into my arms as Kelly, who had also stripped naked, cleared away her desk for me. I dropped her gently onto the wooden desk and opened her legs to reveal her wet pussy, glistening with pussy juice. I took my 7 inch cock into my hand and slowly pushed it into her entrance, causing her to gasp out in pleasure.

"Oh, it's feels so good!" she moaned, "Don't tease me, boy! Fuck me hard!" And I did! I thrusted hard for nearly five whole minutes, her writhing pussy moving in sync with my cock, Nancy moaning and groaning while we 'danced'. She became a bit loud as she neared orgasm, and once it hit her, she screamed so loud I could almost hear everyone else on the other side of the door pause to know what was going on!

In order to keep her quiet, Kelly mounted her face and dropped her own pussy over Nancy's mouth. Nancy had instinctively started to lick up the juices like a pro. Too late, however, as the door opened just as Kelly moaned her approval. A man stepped inside and stopped in his tracks. He was physically built at six feet tall, with short brown hair and a three-day old beard along his chin, sideburns, and the top of his upper lip.

"What the fuck is all this?" he said, stunned. He looked around the room, "Mrs. Gordon!" he said after a moments recognition, "What are you doing with these students?"

Nancy couldn't answer, so Annette took the opportunity by pulling the man in and shutting the door, this time putting a chair under the doorknob to stop anyone from entering again, "We're taking the time to work out an agreement to start a Fraternity!" she said, ripping open the man's shirt while she did, revealing a chiseled chest with a light coat of chest hair and tanned skin. She ran a hand along it, using her extended finger nails to create a light scratch mark as she did.

The man followed her hand with his eye, then narrowed it on her open blouse and bare tits, "I see...I'm Bill, by the way." He said, shakily, "And you are?"

"Annette Sloan, of Seductive Swingers United." Said Annette, "I'm a bisexual porn star, and I do a lot of lesbian scenes, but I'm also a master cocksucker. Would you like me to demonstrate?"

Before Bill could answer, she got onto her knees and unbuckled his pants, letting them drop to his knees. He wore a pair of black boxers that had a sizable 9 inch outline. I paused to watch as Annette pulled the shorts and admired his erect cock. His balls were low and the skin went up to a third of the way up his dick, meaning the likely slapped pussies if he went hard on them. Annette wasted no time in engulfing all nine inches into her mouth and sucked him hard.

Bill gasped as he felt her expert mouth on him, twisting and swirling her tongue along the head and shaft. Smiling, I resumed fucking Nancy slowly while Bill groaned and started face fucking Annette. Kelly hadn't stopped moving her pussy and Annette was now slopping up every juice that escaped her pussy. Annette quickly pulled off of Bill and stood up, rubbing her legs against his thigh and whispering her desire to be fucked while he rimmed me. Silently, he nodded and followed her over to the desk, where she knelt down on all fours in front of it and he entered her from behind.

Bill began to thrust hard into her, then seconds later he leaned over to where my ass was and opened his tongue and lunged forward. I felt his tongue as I continued to thrust into Nancy, and I felt a need to cum after a few minutes of feeling Bill's tongue in my ass. By now, Nancy had already had a second orgasm and Kelly had her first from her pussy being licked. I announced my intentions to cum, and Nancy told me to cum inside her, then had Kelly dismount and lie on the ground in front of Annette. As Kelly did so, Nancy quickly pulled me forward, decreasing the space between us and slowing my thrusting down considerably, halting my cock from cumming.

She kissed me hard on the lips, and while I was distracted, flipped us over on the desk, making my head hit the wooden surface with a thud. She then started to ride me in earnest, going faster and faster and screaming at the top of her lungs for me to ride her like a "fucking cowgirl". Her tits swung wildly as she bounced on top of my cock, bringing back my need to cum. I looked over at Kelly, who had a dazed look on her face as Annette at her pussy up and Bill was thrusting so hard, Annette's face was moving in and out of reach of Kelly, so she had moved her arms out to grasp Kelly's legs and keep them connected.

Within minutes of Nancy's screaming, she came a third time and I finally released my own cum, which sent a whole round into her waiting pussy. As she felt the eruption, Nancy leaned forward and slumped over me, giving me full access to her big titties. I slipped one inside my mouth and sucked hard. Suddenly, out of the corner of my mind, I felt something enter my mouth, and realized it was breast milk. It tasted sweet and creamy, and I was vaguely aware that Nancy was moaning as I sucked in the substance. I let go and looked up at her, and was surprised that she grabbed my head and forced me back onto her teat for a moment longer.

After a few minutes, she released me and stood up, he pussy was drenched with combined juices, and she slumped back into her desk chair, sweaty and content. Bill, meanwhile, had cum inside of Annette and was now on his knees leaning back, his dick being cleaned off by Kelly, and he was panting hard. I smiled and stood up, presenting my own cock to him to clean off. Without hesitating, he leaned forward and took my 7 inches inside and sucked it off. While he did so, I looked at Nancy, "Do we have an agreement?" I asked.

Nancy looked at me through her glasses, which had fogged up somehow (wink, wink!) and gave me a knowing smile, "I'll authorize your fraternity papers shortly." She said, "As long as you keep your promise!"

"You'll be the first to be given a rank and status as a member!" I said, grinning.

Bill, who was listening in, took my cock out of his mouth and asked, "Can I join too? If you didn't already guess I'm bi and I was listening in on the interview before bursting in."

I looked down at Bill's big cock, which was flaccid now, but still impressive. I then looked at him again, and slapped my dick in his face, "Get us both hard and let's fuck, then I'll consider it!"

And I did consider it, for five seconds. After he got his dick hard, and sucked me to full erection within a few minutes, he flipped me over onto all fours and fucked me for a whole fifteen minutes, cumming inside my ass and making me feel immense pleasure. I then returned the favor, and half an hour later, after everyone had gotten dressed and left, I had let him become a finalist for our Fraternity's first round of initiations.

Things were starting out well for our Fraternity, and soon things would grow, both literally and figuratively. We still had to lure people in, but I had an idea on how we'd do that!

End of Chapter 3...