 Author's note: This is a sequel to my first story, My Sexual Adventure, and incorporates many of the characters from the first story, plus a few new ones. This story takes place after the events of Chapter 6, during Chris's remaining college years. All characters are over 18, and all are loosely based on my favorite porn stars listed below. Remember to rate and leave comments for possible improvement.

*****

Danny Wylde: Chris Jones (22)

Aidra Fox: Kelly Lang-Jones (21)

Logan Pierce: Adam Banks (22)

Brandi Love: Alison Jones-Banks (40)

Michelle Thorne: Annette Sloan (41)

Introducing Chris Diamond as Jack Lopez (25)

Eliza Jane as Chloe (23)

Jordi El Nino Polla as Nico (24)

And Madison Ivy as Isabel (28)

Chapter List:

Chapter 1: Married Life

Chapter 2: School Friends make wild sex partners

Chapter 3: My wife and I start a Co-ed Frat!

Chapter 4: First Initiates

Chapter 5: Old Friends and New Cum At Our First Frat Orgy

*****

We got approval for our fraternity with Annette's help, and once we got home, Annette and I decided to set up the house for the new arrivals. First thing I did was draw up a set of in-house rules. I know, not fun, but essential to avoid any kind of lawsuits. Finally, we discussed places to put our first recruits.

I had decided to have the top floor reserved for the marriage suite for myself, Kelly, Adam and my mom, since we were already banging up there at most evening hours anyway. The second floor, which had the most rooms, would go to our immediate friends, namely Ox, Nick, Jeff, Anthony, Zoe, Mark, Amber, and Linda, and the bottom level and the basement would go to our new recruits next semester. We'd start processing recruits late in the year, during exams, and the initiations would go throughout the summer, leading up to a full fraternal orgy at the start of the next school year.

Annette grinned at me when I finished explaining, and gave me a quick squeeze in my crotch to signal she approved. Wordlessly, she then knelt down in front of me and pulled my pants and boxers down, letting my erect dick spring free. She then opened her mouth like the cocksucker she was and engulfed my member, sucking all the way.

I always get a kick out of Annette's skillful mouth, and since I had already cum twice earlier that day, I barely lasted a few minutes before cumming down her throat. Fortunately, Annette kept her mouth on my cock and sucked me back to full hardness within minutes, then stood up and stripped out of her clothes before leaning over the staircase railing and letting me fuck her from behind.

I fucked her hard and fast and came a second time in her pussy. She screamed with pleasure when Kelly walked through the door, having had classes after our meeting. She stood in the doorway watching us for a moment, then closed the door and stripped naked, kneeling in front of Annette and licking her cum-ridden pussy. I, in turn, pulled out and knelt in front of her and licked her up. This went on for a couple of minutes when I saw someone in the corner of my eye walk down the stairs and heard a rustle of clothes being pulled off. Then I felt a cold finger and a slick liquid on my ass, and quickly realized someone was lubing it up.

Before I could disengage from Kelly, that cold finger left my ass and was replaced with a big dick, and I quickly realized it was Adam. Feeling his cock in my ass, I made more of an effort on Kelly's pussy as she licked up the last of my cum from Annette's pussy. Annette meanwhile was now engaged in a tongue war with another naked person that I could see in the corner of my eye. Abandoning my wife's pussy for a second, I looked up and grinned at the naked body that was my mother. Her voluptuous tits swaying as they wrestled against Annette's equally large breasts, their tongues thrashing against each other and their hands free to roam anywhere they liked.

Content with the sight and Adam giving me a slow, passionate thrust every few seconds, I felt myself getting hard again and resumed eating Kelly's pussy while she ate Annette's. While we ate pussy, Adam took it upon himself to pleasure us both and took hold of my dick and started to masturbate me. Feeling his hand on my cock, I shivered and groaned into Kelly, forcing her to cum all over my mouth. I smiled as I finally disengaged from her and pushed off the floor, grabbing Adam by the neck and turning around to face him.

Wrapping my arm around his neck, we kissed hard, our tongues dancing around as he tasted Kelly's pussy juices. Our combined saliva and other fluids made Adam groan as he pounded into me faster until he came in my ass, and I came from his hand onto the floor. As soon as he was finished spreading his cum in my ass, he pulled out and knelt on the floor, licking up my cum. We then stood up and each guided the three beautiful women around us upstairs to the master bedroom on the third floor, where we placed them on the bed facing away from us.

Climbing onto the bed and facing the girls, Adam and I had our cocks sucked to full erection once again. We then got up off the bed and positioned ourselves behind the girls and began to enter each one, thrusting half a dozen times, then pulling out and switching it up. First I fucked left to right: Kelly, then mom, then Annette. Adam then fucked the three of them left to right. When he pulled out, I took position right to left, then Adam followed suit. We then decided to fuck each one on either side. Me with Annette, Adam with Kelly, mom was in the middle so we took turns fingering her pussy and ass.

Our collective fucking lasted a while, but one we were sated with fucking all three girls one at a time, we decided to double penetrate each one and have them cum at least once before we finally finished them off. First we fucked Annette, me in her pussy, Adam up her ass. Her howls of pleasure were immense and her orgasm equally so. She came twice before we came inside of her. Next we fucked Kelly, who lasted longer with three orgasms, and finally mom who was the craziest of all three, having us stand up and fuck her holes while she was cradled in our arms, and having Annette and Kelly rub up against our backs, smacking and probing our asses while we fucked.

That much stimulation proved really helpful, as Adam and I came at the same time and our orgasms were way more powerful than ever, shooting over a dozen loads each. We were so spent afterwards we all collapsed on the bed and stayed there for what seemed like an hour before we felt any strength to get up. I checked my alarm clock for the time and realized we were fucking for three hours straight. Feeling proud of myself, I picked up my phone and called the local pizza restaurant and ordered three large all-dressed pizzas for delivery. While we waited, the girls got into a pussy sucking circle while Adam and I masturbated each other. I was about to cum when the doorbell rang. Kelly and I walked downstairs completely nude and opened the door.

The pizza guy was at least 25 years old, blonde, and his skin was ethnically Spanish. He was around 5'8", and fairly muscular. He wore a basic delivery uniform, t-shirt with the pizza logo, jeans and running shoes. At the sight of our naked bodies, he gaped at us and we could see a definite erection in his pants. Kelly grinned as she took the pizzas from his outstretched hands.

"Nice package!" she said, nodding to the bulge.

The pizza guy gasped and looked down, "Oh, uh, sorry! I just..." he stammered.

I smiled, "Nothing to be embarrassed about, man!" I said, "I've got one too, see?"

The delivery guy did look. He stared at me for a long moment, longer than any straight person should look. He then gulped and said, still staring, "That's almost as big as mine!"

I blinked and Kelly gasped in amusement, "Almost?" she said, "How big are you?"

The Pizza guy grinned and looked up, "About 8 inches!" he said. Kelly smiled and set the pizzas down.

"Can we see it?" she asked.

The pizza guy looked shocked, "Uh, isn't that inappropriate? I mean, I'm not even supposed to..." he trailed off as Kelly put a hand on his jeans.

"We're already naked, so it's no problem with us!" she said as she undid his belt and opened his fly. She fished out his dick and he was right, he was an inch longer than me, and fully erect too!

We looked at each other and grinned, "Care to join us?" I asked him.

He gave me a look that was two parts shock and one part interested. With Kelly gripping his cock, he wordlessly stepped over the threshold and closed the door behind him, silently locking his car door with the keys while he was at it. He then lifted his shirt to reveal a chiseled chest and a dragon tattoo on his left shoulder. Kelly, meanwhile, had pulled his pants down. He moved his feet and stumbled to get his shoes off and through the pants holes. There we stood, stark naked with three pizzas in hand. Kelly, her hand still wrapped around the guy's 8 inches, led him up the stairs, with me closely behind them carrying the pizzas.

As soon as we got to the top floor and turned to the master bedroom, she called out, "Hey guys, pizza's here and we brought a new toy with us!" The second we entered, the pizza guy was greeted with the sight of Adam on the bed, his dick and balls being sucked by two mouths. He grinned at the three of us and motioned for the pizza guy to step forward. He also slapped his hand on one of the asses and my mom sat up, looked at the new cock, and started crawling towards him. Once she was in range, she reached out and took his 8 inches into her mouth, Kelly letting go and moving to his mouth, kissing him while I rubbed my hand over his ass. He jumped at my touch, but otherwise ignored me.

While Kelly and mom focused on him, I went back to the bed and plunged my cock back into Annette's pussy while she sucked Adam's cock. From over my shoulder, I could hear the pizza guy's moans as Kelly's tongue explored his mouth and mom's tongue danced over his veiny cock. After reaching around and pulling Annette off of Adam, I repositioned us around so we were watching our new friend being blown. He lasted a lot quicker than I first did cumming inside mom's mouth within minutes.

He had regained some of his composure, however, and as soon as mom left his cock, he disengaged from Kelly and spun my mom around and plunged his still erect cock into her pussy, forcing himself all the way in and thrusting like a lustful rabbit on Viagra. We all watched as mom howled for him to fuck her harder, to make her scream, and to cum deep inside her. He was only happy to oblige, cumming fast and hard within minutes. That fast fuck gave me the strength to speed up inside of Annette and cum into her just as fast. Once she was sated, she and mom crawled towards each other and went into a 69 position, sucking the cum out of their pussies.

The pizza guy gave me a strange look, one dazed with lust as he stumbled towards me and presented his drenched cock. Taking the hint, I popped it into my mouth and sucked him dry. He then smiled and held out his hand, "Pizza's on me tonight!" he said as we shook, "I'm jack, by the way!"

I smiled up at him, "Nice to meet you Jack, I'm Chris." I said, sitting back on the bed, "That's Kelly, my wife. And this is Adam, my father in law, and over there is my mother Alison, and her old flame, Annette."

He smiled and sat down next to me, "You guys are one messed up group of fuckers." He said, "Hey, do you go to the local College? I heard a new co-ed frat opened the other day and were looking for recruits!"

I laughed out loud, "Yeah that was me" I said, "You want to join? I mean, you have already passed the first test!"

Jack looked at me, confused, "I did? How?" he asked.

I smiled and pointed to his cock, "You had bisexual sex! You offered me your cock and didn't object when I fondled you! Our core goal in the frat is to have as much bisexual sex as possible and use hidden cameras to record all of it for the Seductive Swingers United Porn Corporation."

Jack looked at me for a long time, then leaned over and kissed me hard on the lips, putting his arms around me and grabbing my cock in the process. I returned his kiss and grabbed his cock too. We held on for a while, then disengaged for a pause, our hands still on each other's cocks, "So is that a yes?" I asked. He smiled and nodded.

We continued for another hour, and by the time we had finished, Jack had fucked each one of us and been fucked twice in the ass by both me and Adam. He left with a huge smile and an erect cock, his clothes over his shoulder. We ate our cold pizza and by the time we were finished, Annette was too tired to continue fucking so she gathered her clothes and left too. Kelly, mom, Adam and I retired to the bedroom where the smell of sex was ripe and we fell asleep nude in each other's arms contentedly.

The next morning, I had fliers sent to bulletin boards around the school before classes. They were meant to be both an advertisement for our Fraternity and a sign-up sheet for those willing to join. The fliers read:

'Do you like threesomes, foursomes, orgies, gangbangs, fetish porn, bondage porn, sex dungeons, strap-on dildos, sex toys, and other forms of sexual pleasure fit for a porn star? If that's a yes, come join our new Co-ed fraternity. Recruitment starts at the end of this school year and goes on until the start of the new school semester next year. Hazings and initiations will go on throughout the summer and both men and women will be selected. Get ready to party hard and fuck harder, because he Alpha Rho Opyo Fraternity will make you enjoy every pleasure of the human body! Sign up below, and be sure to check out the initiative quiz in the link below that! See you soon!'

Over the next few weeks, we got fliers back with names filled out in every box available, and every website strip was gone. Clearly everyone who had signed also took the quiz and was likely still interested. We soon found out by the end of exams.

Around the first week after the end of classes, in early May, a series of emails flooded my server as over 200 people had signed up on the fliers, asking questions about the quiz they were supposed to take. To all of them, I answered the same five questions they had asked, "Yes, you have to take the quiz to join the fraternity." "Yes, the quizzes do ask about your sexual preferences!" "No, you can't join without taking the test." "Yes, I'll know if you do skip the quiz" and "No, you are not allowed to have sex in the fraternity without the partner's permission, we don't promote rape!"

As soon as the two hundred emails were replied to, nearly 30 people who signed up backed out, saying they didn't want to join a fag group. They were not missed. Everyone else who joined stayed on, and consisted of both men and women of all ethnicities and sexual orientations. We got a total of 170 people remaining who were interested, but the builders I spoke to a week before term ended told me that our house wouldn't be able to support any more than 50 people without making extensions.

I decided then and there that we'd make extensions to the pool house and turn it into a guest house, which would house the majority of recruits. The contractors estimated that the new editions would be only valid for a total of 75 to 100 people, so we had our goal. While the contractors worked over the summer on the pool house, we'd set up initiations and cullings for students to join. We'd go from 175 to around 85-100 people in total, and we'd make sure half if not most were bisexual. The quizzes included in their registration specified which preference they were, whether it was straight, gay, bisexual, or transgender.

Like I told Jack the other day, those who wanted to join had the pass a first test, have sex with both genders and show proof. Ove the next few days of May, I got more emails from finalists with videos, each one more arousing than the last. Some were MMFs (two guys and a girl), MFFs (one guy and two girls), coupled foursomes, and a few were bisexual orgies, gay and straight gangbangs, and circle jerks. I made digital copies of these and sent back replies to them with congratulations that they'd passed, and sent the copies to SSU for review.

Some of the videos I highlighted for personal arousal included a threesome with two girls and a guy. The video started with a petite blonde introducing herself as Chloe and her friends as Jimmy (the guy, brown hair, tan skin, and a 6 inch cock) and Amy (the other girl, a redhead with b-cup tits and a shaven pussy). The two girls then started licking Jimmy's cock at the base, then kissing each other passionately when they reached the tip. This went on for about five minutes when Jimmy stood up and had the girls scissor while he massaged his dick between their tits until he came in front of the camera.

The second video was of a guy who I assumed was 19, but in fact was a few years older than me at 24. He said his name was Nico and his video contained two MILFS with giant tits and shapely asses. He said in the video that they were his step-mom and her best friend. Nico was around 5'5" tall, and while he was thin, he had a large 7 inch dick and quite a bit of muscle on his body. Throughout the video, the two MILFS played with Nico like he was a sex toy with a brain, they picked him up, sat him on their pussies, and scissored with him in between. When he came, he released a torrent of cum.

The last video I watched before cumming myself was, according to the person taking it, was an erotic roleplay scenario she loved with her boyfriend and their best friends. The girl was named Isabel and she had auburn hair and c-cup tits. Her boyfriend was Asian and had a massive 8 inch dick and a chiseled body. His name was Yin. Their friends were a blonde girl named Rose and a Tall white guy named Joey with a bit of a curl in his brown hair and a bit of hair on his chest. The video was your average swinger party with a bisexual twist where Yin and Joey kissed each other while fucking their girls doggy style, then spoon fucking each other while their girls 69ed

Among the other submitted videos were those sent in by my friends who've already participated in bisexual orgies the previous year, Anthony, Jeff, Mark, and their girlfriends Zoe, Linda and Amber. There were also a set of videos from Nick and Ox, and one or two videos from a petite black girl and her BBC brothers from across the state, who I met at the Generational Orgy last year. I highlighted those and sent them to SSU as well! Within a week, SSU submitted approvals on every video and I sent approval replies to the ones submitted. I also sent a few rejection letters.

The rejected videos contained nothing but straight sex that, while entertaining, only fit half the criteria our fraternity was looking for. They only had guys fucking girls, guys fucking guys, or girls having lesbian orgies. None of the rejected videos had bisexual encounters in any way, which I enjoyed a lot more than when I started having straight sex. I told the rejected that exactly in my letters, thanking them for their submissions and explained that while their videos were sexy, they didn't match our goal. A few people sent back replies giving me the finger emoji, others told me to go fuck myself, and a few suggested I get impaled by a giant cock or called my a cuckold for my lack of vision.

As a result, I immediately blocked them from my contacts list, and gave SSU a list of names so that they'd block any and all access to videos to those people who got pissed off over their rejection. It may sound petty, but SSU and I agreed that people who didn't fit our criteria shouldn't benefit from the stuff they were missing out on!

In any event, we had a total of 115 people approved for final trials. Soon, they got to experience the full range of bisexuality, gay orgies, gangbangs and anything else Seductive Swingers United had to offer, all contained in one College Fraternity.
