 As promised last year in Chapter 2 Lit fans would be the first to know when Chrissie's wish for a threesome was fulfilled.

Chrissie and her husband Ken had moved to the East coast as he had a great job offer and we had not seen each other for over a year.

During that year Chrissie had given birth to a beautiful baby boy and they were doing well and Ken was very successful in his new job.

As Chrissie's parents had not seen the baby they planned a three week vacation to California.

Since they would be traveling Chrissie called and asked me to Tivo the World Championship Soccer matches as Ken was a soccer fanatic, which I did.

They arrived in California and Chrissie called me as soon as they were in her parents house. They planned to spend the next day or so with her parents and then visit us.

We set up for dinner on Thursday so the guys could watch soccer and we could visit. They arrived late as usual and we went about having dinner. I was a bit disappointed they did not bring the baby but Chrissie's mother wanted to play Grandma.

After dinner the guys got their beer turned on TV and Chrissie and I went upstairs to visit. Her first question to me was if I remembered that we were planning a threesome. I said the I remembered but had not given any thought to it.

"How about tonight?" she said, "nothing will get the guys away from soccer, I answered. "We can try" she said. "OK" I replied.

We changed clothes into very short/tight Levi skirts and thin tops with no under garments and went downstairs.

Both couches were occupied by Ken and Dave so we laid on the floor in front of the TV talking quietly. They both seemed oblivious to our presence even though we were laying face down, legs spread with our pussies and asses in full view.

"These guys are in a coma" Chrissie whispered to me, "but I think I can revive them," she said as she slid her hand up my thigh and her finger into my dripping wet cunt. 

"My God, you're so wet and juicy, you probably need a good suck and fuck," Chrissie said loudly as she slid her finger in and out of my pussy.

"I---I know I do," I stammered as we faced each other on our sides and kissed deeply as though we were completely alone.

I glanced over to see both our husbands smiling and closely watching us without comment ignoring the TV altogether. Chrissie and I continued kissing and I moaned loudly as her finger continued fucking me.

"Don't stop, don't stop," I said as my nipples hardened and my entire body became flushed with lust.

We were both so hot and our moans so loud that Dave remarked "I'll bet the neighbors can hear you two." 

The guys started undressing and as soon as their pants came down we saw the massive hardons our lovemaking had caused.

I reached over and unbuttoned Chrissie's skirt and pulled it off as she did the same to me and then we took off our tops and laid naked on the floor embracing.

Ken and Dave sat on the couches stroking their cocks, mesmerized by what they were watching. Chrissie rolled me on my back scooted up and put her pussy over my mouth as her juices dripped onto my face and lips.

My tongue immediately slid between the beautiful pink lips of her pussy and I began licking her. Chrissie leaned forward and buried her face between my legs sucking my clit.

Our husbands watched in amazement as Chrissie and I completely lost ourselves in each others bodies. 

"Oh God, suck me, suck my pussy, suck me" Chrissie repeated over and over again as my tongue stabbed at her clit.

Chrissie and I both came simultaneously moaning as Chrissie collapsed on top of me smearing my face with her cum.

After several minutes we recovered and sat up as our husbands attempted to remain calm. 

"Dave, I heard you wanted to get into my pants" Chrissie said. 

"Oh yes I do," Dave answered quickly looking at Ken.

Ken just smiled and looked over at me as Chrissie pinched my nipples. 

Looking Ken directly in the eyes I said, "Did you tell Chrissie you wanted to fuck me?"

"Too many times to count" he answered breathlessly.

Dave was first to get up, he went over to Chrissie pulling her up off the floor as he kissed her deeply. Chrissie reached down and slid his cock between the lips of her wet pussy as she moaned loudly.

Ken came over to me and laid on the floor next to me. I could feel his hard throbbing cock against my leg as he began licking and sucking my right breast and nipple.

"Lets all go upstairs" I said. "We have a very large bed just made for four."

Dave slid his hands under Chrissies ass and picked her up. Chrissie held her legs together tightly insuring Daves' cock remained between the lips of her pussy as they went upstairs.

Ken and I followed them up as he stroked my ass and I maintained a firm grip on his solid hard cock.

"Chrissie wants a threesome with you and Dave," I whispered to Ken. 

"I always thought she did," he answered kissing my neck.

As we got to the bedroom Dave had already laid Chrissie on the bed and had begun sucking her nipples as Ken and I watched intently.

"Lets join them!" Ken said as he led me to the bed. He laid on the bed with his mouth on Chrissie's pussy and began licking her cunt as Dave continued sucking her nipples. 

"Oh God fuck me, Suck me, eat me," Chrissie said over and over again as Ken and Dave ravaged her body with their tongues.

I laid down on Chrissies left side and began sucking her nipple and licking her chest. Chrissie began kicking her feet and moaning as we three continued to work her into a state of almost sexual insanity.

"Aaaaahhhhh," she screamed. "Don't stop, don't Stop, fuck me, please," Chrissie pleaded as her eyes rolled back. 

She then arched her back to allow Kens tongue much deeper penetration into her.

"I want cock now," in my pussy and mouth," Chrissie demanded. 

Ken moved up and slid his cock into Chrissies open mouth as Daves cock entered her cunt. 

"Unnhhhhhh, unnhhhh, fuck me harder," she mumbled as their cocks slammed into her.

I, not wanting to be left out, stood on the bed, with my ass in Kens face, as I leaned against the headboard he immediately began licking my ass and pussy as Chrissie sucked his cock.

"Oh shit, Oh shit, lick me, fuck my ass with your tongue" I said as Kens tongue worked me into a frenzy. 

I had never experienced such a long wonderful tongue which seemed to have a mind of it's own. Around and around, in and out it went and each movement carried me further into ecstacy.

"I'm going to cum" Dave shouted as he tried to pull out of Chrissie's pussy.

"Don't take it out, I want your cum in me," Chrissie said as she as she released the firm hold her mouth had on Ken's cock and locked her legs around Daves ass.

"Aaahhhh, I'm cumming," Dave said as his cock unloaded into Chrissie's cunt.

"Mmme too, Ooohh," Chrissie said cumming at almost the same time as Dave.

"All this cum, and none in me," I thought to myself.

I took hold of the headboard and squatted down allowing Ken to guide his still hard cock into me. I adjusted my body so my pussy was at Chrissie's mouth and she immediately began sucking and licking me as Ken fucked me from behind.

"Unnhhh, unnhhh, can I cum in you?" Ken asked.

"Fuck yes" I answered, as I felt his cock jerk and began shooting his cum into me.

"Make me cum, make me cum," I shouted as Ken continued the in and out motion as he came.

" Oh God, Oh God, I'm cumming, it feels soooo good, harder, harder," I said as I shuddered and came.

We all collapsed on the bed totally exhausted. I don't think this entire fuckfest took more than fifteen minutes but we all looked as though it had lasted for hours.

Chrissie was first to revive, saying "We have to get cleaned up and go."

At that point both Ken and Dave began laughing.

"What's up with you two?" Chrissie asked.

"You guys thought this was unplanned, but Ken and I have been plotting this for weeks," Dave said.

"You fucking assholes," I said. "But you did'nt plan for this," I announced as I laid on top of Chrissie in a 69 position.

We both began licking and sucking the cum from each others pussy which got us hot again as our two husbands with limp dicks watched. 

It did'nt take long for Chrissie and I to cum two or three times and laugh at there inability to get hard. "Sweet revenge."

Be Happy, JuLee