 "Dude, don't be a douche. If you're in the kitchen, grab a beer for everyone!" My boyfriend, Liam, then turned to me and asked, "Babe, you want another beer?"

Before I could answer, Liam's roommate Mark yelled back from the kitchen. "Asshole, you had half a beer left. If you didn't drink like such a fucking pussy, this wouldn't be an issue."

At this point, Danny, the third member of their trio, spoke. "Pure class, as usual. Chrissy, I'd like to apologize on behalf of all clueless guys, but these two in particular."

"It's fine." I said quietly. "I'm used to these two." I glanced quickly at Danny as I said this, but glanced away just as fast when my eyes met his speculative gaze. Liam, my boyfriend of six months, is a huge sweetheart, but clueless is a good term for him. Danny, on the other hand, always seems to see more. He has a way of gazing at you, seeming to look right into your soul and see your deepest secrets.

This was not the night to allow that.

"I'm good," I finally mumbled, gesturing towards my mostly full beer.

"She'll take a G and T!" Danny yelled to Mark.

My eyes snapped back up to Danny. "Wait...uh...what? No, I'm good."

"I don't know why you're even attempting to drink that shit. You don't even like beer. You need a G and T."

"I don't, um..." I began uncertainly, wondering how he knew that I didn't care for beer, seeing as my own boyfriend appeared to be oblivious to the fact.

"Chrissy, trust me." Danny's eyes locked on mine and I was unable to look away. "A G and T."

"OK," I whispered. "I guess I'll take a G and T."

Danny's smile managed to look both approving and self-satisfied.

"Awesome!" Liam exclaimed enthusiastically. He threw his arm around my shoulder and gave me a quick squeeze.

Inside I sighed. This night was not going at all in the direction that I had hoped. All that planning, the anguish about what to wear...or not wear, as the case may be. Maybe it was time to bail on the whole thing and head home. I peeked over at Danny, who had risen to help Mark carry the drinks in. He would be disappointed if I didn't stay to drink my gin and tonic.

I sighed again, but apparently this time I wasn't as successful in keeping it to myself.

"What's wrong, babe?" Liam asked, looking concerned. His arm still around me, he stroked my shoulder up and down. "You look down. Is it the job?"

His blue eyes looked down on me, showing concern. He really was awfully sweet, cluelessness notwithstanding. And so cute. His blond, tousled hair was in need of a cut and hung a little shaggy over his ears, tending to give him a bit of a surfer look. And his body...good Lord. He'd been out of college for four years now, but his six foot two frame hadn't lost the cut physique he'd earned rowing crew.

"Yeah," Mark threw in. "Are those little rug rats giving you a hard time? Just give the word and I'll come knock some sense in them!" He demonstrated his willingness by punching his fist into his palm a few times before flopping down on the couch on the other side of me. As he retrieved my drink from Danny and handed it over to me, he dropped the pretense of his fierce scowl and instead gave me his trademark 100 watt smile. Mark's boy-next-door good looks with sandy hair and single dimple in his right cheek usually resulted in a revolving bedroom door on the weekends. I gave up trying to make small talk with the skanks I'd run into in the mornings. It was pointless anyway, as Mark hustled them out the front door before they could think about asking for coffee...or cab fare.

"No, the kids are great." I couldn't help but smile, thinking of the third grade class I taught. I took a sip of my gin and tonic before looking back over at Mark. "I'd love to see you try to whip them into shape, though." I grinned. "They'd have you running out the door and straight to the nearest bar within the hour."

"Then, drink up, sunshine!" Mark laughed. "You deserve a bucket of gin for spending the entire week with them!"

"Maybe I do." I took a larger sip before tilting my glass towards him. "Cheers."

It was time to give myself a mental shake. There were worse ways to spend my Friday night than sitting on a couch between two incredibly hot guys. I glanced over at Danny. Make that three hot guys.

Shit. They may all be hot, but so what? Where does that get me? Not laid, at least not in the smutty fashion that I was hoping for. So much for the sexy librarian look I had attempted tonight. Liam didn't even notice. I looked over at him and wondered, not for the first time, if he was secretly gay. We'd been together for six months, and had never graduated to anything other than straight missionary. No doggy or reverse cowgirl for me. Not even any oral...giving or getting! What's up with that? I couldn't decide if he was against it ("it" being fun in the bedroom of any sort) or if, for some reason, he thought I was. I'd somehow been saddled with an image of being all prim and proper, and I just couldn't seem to shake it. And, to top it off, I couldn't even talk to anyone about our sex life (or lack of) to get advice, because at this point it was just too mortifying to admit.

I took another big sip of my drink. It was time to finish it and head home. There was no way I could spend another night pretending to have fun in the bedroom with Liam. Tomorrow I would have to break up with him.

"Liam, I think we should share with Chrissy what we were talking about before she showed up."

Liam's head whipped around to look at Danny. "What the fuck, dude?"

Mark shook his head and muttered under his breath, "Not cool, man."

I put my drink down on the coaster and stood up. "You know what guys? It's been a long week and I'm just not up for games tonight. I'm going to let you all off the hook and head out." I bent over to give Liam a kiss. "Good night, babe."

"Chrissy, stop." Danny's voice held a surprising amount of authority and I paused in my exit, looking to him.

"Danny, really, I..."

"No games here. There are some things that need to be said." He stood up and reached his hand toward me. I looked at it, not quite sure what he wanted. Slowly I reached forward and he clasped my hand, gently pulling me toward him. Placing his hands on my hips, he slowly turned me around to face the boys ont the couch. In my attempt towards the naughty librarian look, I had knotted my blouse at the belly, leaving just an inch of skin showing. (I had also left an extra button undone and discarded my bra altogether, not that anyone had noticed.) Danny stood behind me, his hands resting gently on my hips; his thumbs rubbing slowly on my bare skin. Okay, maybe someone had noticed my outfit.

He leaned slightly over and spoke quietly, his mouth next to my ear. "Before we hear from Liam, I think Chrissy has something to tell us."

I could feel his breath on my neck and his thumbs on my waist. I shivered involuntarily. Embarrassed, my eyes sought out Liam's. He sat still as stone, looking back at me.

I attempted to respond. "Um, Danny, I, uh, don't know, um...I really don't know what you want."

"Sweetheart, it's not what I want," Danny whispered, his breath tickling across my neck. "Tell us what you want." His thumbs stopped moving. Instead his fingers began creeping across my abdomen, stroking me under my top, fingertips making small circles on my belly, forcing my stop to move slowly up. His voice dropped lower. "What does the smutty school teacher crave?"

Oh my god! This guy sees just too damn much. My gaze was still locked on Liam. I saw his eyes drop down to watch Danny's hands stroke me before returning to mine. He appeared to be waiting for an answer.

"Um...I...uh..." I stood frozen; Danny's hands distracting me and stealing my thoughts. The circles he was drawing were getting bigger; he was brushing the undersides of my breasts. I took a shuttering breath and closed my eyes, swaying slightly.

"It seems that our little smutty school teacher is at a loss for words right now, so maybe I'll help her out a little. Liam, I want you to take a good look at your girlfriend. When she arrived tonight, you and Mark were a little too involved in World of Warcraft to truly appreciate her outfit." Danny hands stopped their movement. His right hand remained under my shirt, splayed over my belly, pulling me gently to him. I leaned back, keeping my eyes closed, afraid to see Liam's reaction to all this. Danny's other fingers stroked from my jawline, down my neck and into my cleavage, grazing the skin between my breasts.

"Liam, how could you miss your little girlfriend's attempts to show you what a slut she'd like to be." His right hand joined his left and he pulled my collar open to display my deep cleavage. "Now, a true slut would open one more button," Danny's fingers did just this, "so that we could see the whole breast." His right hand circled my breast, pulling it out. "But, we get it, Chrissy. You're TRYING to be a slut, but you're just not there yet." He whispered right into my ear, "That's ok, we're happy to help you." He undid one more button and pulled out my other breast, stroking them both.

"Danny, I don't think..." I sounded breathy and not at all convincing, but thought I should at least put an effort into gaining just a little control. I'm sure my closed eyes and shallow breaths gave away my true thoughts, though.

"Chrissy!" Danny's voice was still quiet, but firm and I gave up the argument. His fingers opened the final button and slowly undid the knot at the bottom. "Baby," he continued softly, "go ahead and enjoy my touch. Doesn't it feel good to let go?" With the lightest touch, he slid my blouse from my shoulders and let it fall at our feet. His hands returned to my breasts, stroking and cupping them, gently squeezing the nipples.

Suddenly there was a small burst of pain, as he squeezed my nipples hard.

"Chrissy, I asked you a question."

My eyes popped open and I tried to focus, "Um, wh-what?" I glanced at Liam and saw that he was now leaning forward, forearms on braced on knees. He was staring intently, but not at my eyes, at my breasts...and Danny's hands. A movement to his left brought my attention to Mark, who was shifting on the couch, trying to adjust his pants.

A small voice in my brain told me that Liam should be protesting this...and that I should want him to. But I was lost to the pleasure of Danny's hands, and the eroticism of having Liam and Mark's eyes glued to us.

I tried to pull my thoughts together. Danny asked me a question and he needed an answer.

"Wh-what was the question?" I asked in a small, breathless voice.

One hand slid up between my breasts, moving upward to gently clasp me around the throat. My head tilted back to rest on his shoulder, and my eyes closed again. His other hand moved around and up to cup a breast. I was gently pulled back to lean against him, and could feel his erection hard against my ass.

"Chrissy," his voice was low in my ear, "you like this don't you, baby. You want to let go. Your body wants to feel pleasure. Tell us how much you want this."

"I, uh, oh God." Danny's fingers were drawing circles around my nipple.

His other hand tightened slightly on my throat. "You need to do better than that, Chrissy. Open those eyes and look at your boyfriend. Tell him that this is what you want. Tonight you want to feel. You want to feel pleasure. You want to let go. You want to feel like a little slut." He again pinched my nipple.

My eyes popped open at the small burst of pain, and locked onto Liam's. The hunger I recognized in his gaze gave me the courage to answer honestly.

"Yes," I answered breathily. "I want that. I want to feel sexy. I want to try things. I want to feel slutty. I want...I want to be a slut tonight."

"Good girl," Danny breathed into my ear, then took the lobe in his mouth and nibbled.

"Oh god," I sighed, my eyes sliding closed again. I felt his hand move down to the side zipper of my skirt. Within moments I could feel the air against my very wet lace thong.

"Holy shit. Dude, you've been fucking that? You never told us what a fine piece of ass she is."

I opened my eyes to look over at Mark. He had given up on adjusting himself and was now openly rubbing his cock through his jeans.

"No offence, Chrissy, but you're fucking hot."

I gave him a shy smile. "You really think so?"

I received his full-wattage smile. "Fuck, yeah. Look at you, standing there with your spiked boots, your perfect tits, and your black lace panties. Oh my god, is that a thong? Turn around. I've got to see that ass."

Danny's hands moved to my shoulders and slowly turned me so I faced him, my ass to the couch, where Liam and Mark sat.

"Spread your legs a little, sweetheart," Danny whispered.

Without moving my gaze from him, I stepped my legs apart.

"More."

I obeyed, opening them a little wider. Danny moved his foot between mine, and tapped gently at the inside of each foot, showing me that I was to go still wider. I could hear some movement on the couch, some clothes rustling, and the sounds of a zipper descending, possibly two.

"Now Chrissy, I want you to bend over."

I looked at him questioningly. "I don't, um. I'm not sure."

"You've come so far, Chrissy. Don't disappoint me. Bend at your waist."

I looked up at him for one more second, then slowly bent over. For some reason, this didn't feel exactly sexy to me. What was I supposed to do with my hands? I was bent over and just hanging there.

But Danny had the answer. "Grab your ankles."

Holy crap. I went from feeling a bit silly to feeling completely exposed in the space of a heartbeat. With my eyes closed I worked on channeling my inner slut. I tried to picture what I must look like to Liam and Mark. My legs, encased in skin tight black leather boots with three inch spike heels, feet spread about three feet apart, my ass sticking out toward them, encased in nothing but a g-string. I was completely bent over in two, my long dark hair touching the ground.

"Shit. That is a fuckin' fine ass."

"It is, isn't it." Liam's voice held a note of wonder, as if he had never truly looked at my ass before. Maybe he hadn't.

With my eyes closed and my senses alert, I could feel the guys approaching. There was a light touch, and then a hand palmed my cheek. A second hand gripped my other cheek. Suddenly I could feel four hands running all over my ass. Occasionally one would slip down toward my string-covered pussy, only to reverse direction and leave me whimpering.

I was beginning to feel dizzy. It was unclear if this was due to being upside down or the intense sexual need I was feeling. A finger under my chin lifted my face up. Mark and Liam's hands had me so on edge that I had almost forgotten about Danny. Looking down at me he said, "Boys, Chrissy has been a very good girl and was very brave to share her cravings with us, wasn't she?" He stroked my cheek.

From Mark I heard a very distracted, "Uh huh." Liam just moaned as I felt his lips and then his tongue on my ass. He must have given Mark the idea, because I soon felt two sets of lips, kissing, licking and nibbling all around my ass. My breathing sped up.

Danny continued to gaze down at me, holding my eyes and stroking my cheek. His hand moved around my jaw until his finger began tracing my lips. My tongue came out to lick the tip, wanting to give him just a little of the pleasure back that he was giving to me. He slipped it into my mouth and I sucked it, feeling pure pleasure course through me.

Danny smiled at me. "Yes, Chrissy's been a very good girl. I think it's time we told her what Liam was talking about before she arrived."

The movement of the hands on my ass stilled, and there were no longer lips kissing.

I involuntarily stopped sucking on Danny's finger, and looked up at him, unsure. He stepped away, but continued to smile at me.

"It's ok, baby. Don't worry. It's all good." He loosely gripped my shoulders and pulled be back up to standing. I staggered a bit to get my footing, and Danny held me around my waist.

I finally turned around to look over at Liam. Both he and Mark were kneeling on the ground, nude. They looked a bit worried about the big reveal, but it didn't seem to have much impact on their cocks, which were both standing at full mast. Liam's was long, almost eight inches when hard, but thin, with a slight curve to it. In the past, he had made love to me with the lights dim or even off, so this time I looked my fill. In my somewhat sheltered life, I'd only given a few blow jobs, none of which were for Liam. I had been wanting to, but didn't know how to initiate such an activity. It had always been my experience that boys are usually not shy about asking, and Liam's behavior in this had confused me. But that cock looked perfect for blow jobs. I couldn't wait to take it in my mouth. I hoped that this activity was on Danny's agenda for the evening. (He did seem to be the man with the plan.) My eyes tipped up to meet Liam's. He evidently had noticed my inspection of him and gave me the most devilish grin I'd ever seen from him. I smiled back. Then my eyes moved to Mark. His cock was shorter; more like five or six inches, but, good lord, it was the fattest cock I'd ever seen (not that I'd had all that much experience, but still!) He apparently also noticed my perusal, as he fisted his cock and gave it a couple small strokes. I looked up at him in shock and he winked at me.

"Chrissy, why don't you go sit on your boy, Liam's lap," Danny suggested while nudging me forward. I glanced over my shoulder at him and then looked back at Liam, who, along with Mark, was stilling kneeling at my feet.

"Dude," Danny sounded slightly annoyed with him, "get settled on the couch so Chrissy can sit with you."

Looking a little shell shocked, Liam sat back into the corner of the couch, bending one knee up , while leaving the other foot on the ground. "C'mere, babe." He smiled at me, and held out his arms.

I smiled a little. In all honesty, it was an odd sight, Liam sitting slightly sideways on the couch, buck naked, raging hard on, with his arms held out to me. What could I do when he looked so adorable and sexy at the same time?

I settled myself, my back to his front, and his arms went around my waist. I could feel his rock hard cock resting against my ass and back. Instinct had me pulling my legs up, knees bent and arms wrapped around them, in an attempt to cover my nakedness.

"Nice try, butterfly," Mark said, as he sat down right next to us. He reached for my calves and removed my boots. He then extended my legs, shifting them so that they rested over his lap. He grinned at me while gently rubbing the arches of my feet. I couldn't help but peek down. Yep, he still was rock hard, his dick pointing at the ceiling. When my eyes drifted back up to his, he just widened his smile and winked. I giggled.

Apparently satisfied that we were comfortably perched where he wanted us, Danny sat in his chair, facing our direction. I belatedly noticed that he was still fully clothed. I wasn't sure what to make of that, but seeing that he was clearly the one in charge, it seemed somewhat fitting.

"OK, Liam, I think that Chrissy has shown that she may be more open to what you were saying than you initially thought."

I shifted a little so that I could look up at Liam's face.

His nerves were evident in the look he gave me, but also in the way that his hands began fidgeting. Lucky for me, this fidgeting involved stroking back and forth over my belly, and quickly lead to both hands roaming all around my breasts.

"It's ok, babe," I told him. "Just tell me."

Liam took a deep breath and closed his eyes. When he opened them, he looked right at me and said, "I was planning to break up with you. I told the guys that you were too...I mean, you weren't..."
