 Chrissy sipped her drink as Alex kissed down past her ear biting and sucking lightly on her neck. She sighed softly and glanced around. Surely their darkened corner of the bar was anonymous enough for this, she thought. She didn't even protest when his hand reached around and brushed her chest, she just breathed in sharply, caught off guard. Picking up on this cue, Alex slid his hand back to her breast, cupping it gingerly. She giggled and shifted in her seat and his attention to her breasts intensified, Alex's hand alternately alighting on one and then the other. 

Chrissy was breathing more heavily now, her chest rising and falling under Alex's increasingly urgent hands. She turned towards him and he kissed her deeply, their tongues intertwining. She moaned lustily into his mouth as Alex's hand slipped up under her tight blouse, delighted to find her braless tits. Chrissy gasped as he pinched her nipples forcefully, responding in kind with her mouth on his. She forgot all about the dingy bar and the flimsy cloak of darkness shielding them from the other patrons' eyes. She sunk lower in her seat, causing her tiny black skirt to ride higher up her thighs. Her legs spread involuntarily as her body responded to the assault on her tits, moistening her pussy and the sheer panties that covered it.

Alex shifted in his seat to gain better access to her body. His other hand skated along her neck and into her hair, and, fingers entwined around her golden locks, he pulled back. She cooed encouragingly at his advance, and his mouth traversed her slender neck haphazardly and without much direction, eventually alighting upon the crevasse between her large breasts, exposed by the deep "V" of her revealing blouse. He kissed and licked the top of her tits as his hand under her shirt continued its increasingly violent ministrations. Before she could protest, he slipped her blouse up over her luscious tits, exposing them to his waiting mouth. Her reaction inconsequential to him, Alex's mouth enveloped her nipple, biting and sucking one while his hand pinched and kneaded the other. Chrissy moaned loudly and squirmed in her seat but Alex held her hair fast, forestalling any objections.

With his mouth firmly affixed to her nipple and one hand wrapped up in Chrissy's hair, his other hand was free to roam her body. He slid it down off her well-rounded tit, past her stomach, and groped her thighs, first one, than the other. Each time he switched legs his hand inched slightly higher. Chrissy's pussy was on fire now, releasing copious amounts of fluid and aching for attention. She whimpered and tried to slide down in her seat, pushing her tiny little skirt up under ass and her legs farther apart, to force his hand to her dripping cunt. Alex delayed, preferring to tease her some more. His mouth traveled freely between her breasts, up her neck, to her lips, and back, biting and sucking all the way. 

Chrissy's breasts were completely exposed, and her skirt had ridden up to her waist, now uncovering her miniscule panties, which was all that separated him from her dripping pussy. After teasing her for several minutes, biting her nipples, sucking on her neck or tongue, pulling on her hair and sliding his hand up and down her thighs, Alex finally made his way to her cunt. Chrissy sighed audibly when his fingers effortlessly brushed the flimsy fabric aside and began to play with her slit, sliding up and down with ease due to the excessive lubrication her body released. She moaned again when, simultaneously, his teeth clamped around her nipple and one of his finger slipped into her wet pussy. Chrissy spread her legs wide under the table, her hand coming up to knead her exposed breast. "Yeeessssss…" she moaned.

"You like that, don't you baby?" Alex whispered in her ear, having momentarily released his mouth's grip on her nipple. 

"Oh yes oh yes," she gasped back. Alex hardly needed the encouragement, slipping another digit into her hot slit. Alex's fingers explored her slick pussy, withdrawing to slide over her clit, then back down pushing deep, then deeper inside her. Chrissy writhed in her seat, relishing in the penetration.

"Does that feel good, Chrissy? Do you like my fingers in your pussy, baby?" he asked again.

"Mmm, yes yes finger my pussy," she replied breathlessly. 

"Your pussy is so wet, Chrissy. Your hot little cunt is dripping so much my fingers just slide in. You're getting the seat all soaked," he told her. The mild dirty talk excited her, and she whimpered, pushing her body against his hand. Alex slowed his motions, teasing her. He rubbed her clit gingerly. 

"Uhhh…mmmm….please…" she gasped, eyes shut, head titled back as Alex maintained his grip on her hair.

"Hmmm?" Alex asked.

"Oh, please, your hand, fuck me oh please fuck me…" she begged.

Alex smiled and resumed his motions, more quickly now. He ignored her clit, simply sliding two, then three fingers in and out of her pussy. She responded enthusiastically, moaning and licking her lips. Alex picked up the pace, first pumping now pounding his hand into her cunt and tugging hard on her hair, and Chrissy bounced and writhed in her seat, grinding her pussy into his fingers. Her one hand still pinching her nipples and rubbing her tits, the other she brought down between her legs to slide across her clit. 

"I bet your pussy tastes sweet, don't you think, Chrissy?" he whispered in her ear. He withdrew his fingers from her cunt; she moaned dejectedly. He brought his fingers, coated with her juices, to his lips. "Mmmm, you have a very sweet little pussy, Chrissy, you know that?" he told her, licking his fingers. "Would you like a taste, baby? Do you want to taste your juicy cunt?"

"Uh huh," she moaned absently. She'd have agreed to anything to get his hand back in her pussy. Alex pushed them inside her dripping twat and worked them around for a few seconds, Chrissy groaning and writhing approvingly. After coating his fingers with her juices, he removed them again and brought them up to her mouth this time, slipping them inside. 

She moaned around his fingers and sucked her sweet fluids off of them greedily. "Yeah, I think I want another taste of that, too" he said, and slid down underneath the table, pausing only to suck her tits again before continuing his descent. Now situated on the floor he took hold of her knees and roughly pushed them as wide apart as they would go, exposing her panty-covered pussy to him. The fabric was soaked in her juices by now, and somewhat stretched having already been pushed aside by his fingers and hers to gain access to her sweet twat. Alex wasted no time moving the flimsy panties aside, lapping at her cunt, flicking his tongue across her clit, and plunging his fingers back into her tight wet hole.

"Oh yes, yes, yes!" she screamed, grinding her cunt into his mouth.

As far as Chrissy knew, they could be in the middle of Times Square on New Year's. She had absolutely no concept of where or when they were, all she knew was how much she wanted his hand to keep pumping in and out of her hot, wet cunt as his tongue flicked at her clit. Chrissy's hands pawed at her tits, pulling and pinching on her nipples. She closed her eyes and cried loudly enough to be heard over the music in the bar, "Oh yeah, eat me, don't stop don't you stop oh yes!" The other patrons finally began to take notice.

Around the bar, men elbowed each other and nodded in Chrissy's direction. "Hey, check that bitch out!" Chrissy, of course, was completely oblivious to all of this and continued to moan and scream as Alex's expert tongue explored the folds of her tasty pussy. Soon, every guy in the bar, about 15 in all, gathered around the small table in the back. "Some guy is eating her out under the table!" one exclaimed, having finally spied Alex working on her clit and fucking her pussy with his fingers.

"Damn, that is one hot slut!" said one man. "And look at those big tits!" added another. "I want her pussy," said one, "I'll fuck her mouth," said another. "You'll get your turn," from a third. The men now had visible bulges in their pants.

"Oh, yeah, eat my pussy! It feels so good!" Chrissy exclaimed, eyes still shut as she groped and kneaded her tits, pulling and pinching her nipples. Alex didn't let up for an instant, his tongue swirling all around her clit, lapping up her sweet juices. His hand hammered her, fingers slamming in and out of her sopping cunt. Chrissy's blouse was up over her braless tits, her miniskirt bunched around her waist. Her thong panties were stretched far to the side and soaked in her juices. Her firm tits bounced as she writhed in her seat, trying to force more of her pussy into Alex's mouth. Exposed to the world, twisting and moaning in ecstasy with her cunt expertly exploited by Alex's tongue and fingers, she came.

"OHHHHHH YEEEESSSSSSSSS! OH I'M CUMMING I'M CUMMING I'M CUMMING YOU FUCKER!!" she screamed, thrashing wildly in her seat. Her cunt contracted hard, squeezing and eventually expelling Alex's fingers; her pussy let loose a torrent of juices, covering his chin. Chrissy continued to spasm for a full minute as orgasmic aftershocks washed over her body. When finally the climax subsided and Chrissy's breathing returned to normal, Alex wiped his mouth and began to climb out from under the table.

Slowly, when the waves of pleasure ebbed, Chrissy opened her eyes. Suddenly she remembered where she was, and gasped, eyes wide, at the room full of men gathered around, watching her lustily. Every man's gaze pierced right through her, and there was no question in her mind what they were after. "So, when's our turn?" one of them asked with a crooked grin.

"Oh, I'm sorry, I just got so carried away I, I, I," Chrissy sputtered, face turning five shades of red. She was so shocked and ashamed she forgot to cover her breasts or pull her miniskirt back down. She tried to stand, but one of the men pushed her back down.

"Hey buddy," he said, addressing Alex, "this your bitch?"

"Uh, yeah," Alex answered. "Sorry about that, things just got carried away."

"Well, that little performance had quite an effect on us, didn't it gents?" the man said, looking around. Affirmative grunts echoed across the room. "How about we have a go at her?" The grunts turned to cheers.

"Sure," Alex responded nonchalantly. "Just so long as I get her mouth first, she gives great head." He shot her a lewd grin.

"WHAT?!" Chrissy exclaimed. "Now you listen to me…" she began, but was cut off as a large man standing next to the table clapped his hand over her mouth. 

"Clear that table in the center of the room, boys," said the bartender. "Hold her down on that." The men wasted no time complying, and the large man carried her to the table. Chrissy looked comical, struggling against him with her tits hanging out of her blouse and her pussy exposed, still leaking juices from her orgasm. Her feet, bound in strappy high heels, kicked fustily, but futilely. He threw her, back down, roughly on the table, which was now clear of its usual assortment of ashtrays, napkin holders, and beer bottles. "Hold her down!" barked the bartender. Again the men complied, one each grabbing her legs, another holding her shoulders and a fourth still covering her mouth, muffling her screams of protest.

"Don't worry baby, you'll like this," one of the men teased her, squeezing a breast. The two men holding her legs spread them wide apart while a third ripped her flimsy panties off, baring her pussy to an appreciative audience. The men gathered around the table, leering at the sexy little girl spread eagle before them squirming on the table, waiting for somebody to make the first move.

The bartender stepped forward and planted a hand on Chrissy's breast, kneading the flesh. "Nice firm tits, baby," he told her. He quickly leaned down and sucked on first one nipple than the other. "Yeah, nice tits. I bet you got a sweet pussy too, don't you?" he asked her. Wide-eyed she tried to protest, but held down by several men many times her size, there was nothing she could do. The bartender reached over to her pussy and spread it open with his fingers, running them along the folds of her labia. Chrissy shuddered. "Yeah, it's nice and wet. You had fun back there, didn't you?" He leaned over and licked her pussy, first slowly, long-ways up the slit, then sucked on the folds, savoring her juices. She thrashed harder, trying to break free, screaming against the hand that covered her mouth. "What, can't the rest of us play, too?" he laughed. 

Alex stepped forward and bent down next to her head. "Come on, Chrissy, these guys just want to have a good time. Let 'em have their fun. I bet you'll like it." Chrissy was shocked hearing this from her boyfriend. Was he really going to let all these men fuck her? 

Her question was quickly answered. Alex grabbed a near-empty beer bottle off a nearby table. He took a swig, and then poured the little that was left over her breasts. Her skin cooled quickly as the alcohol evaporated, hardening her nipples. "Suck on her tits, guys, she loves that!" Alex told the crowd. Chrissy gasped, and two men immediately stepped forward and stooped down, bringing their mouths to her soft mounds, sucking the remaining alcohol from them. Chrissy was too surprised to scream now, and, instead, moaned involuntarily as the men bit and sucked on her nipples. Alex handed the now empty bottle to the bartender with a grin. The barkeep quickly got the idea, and, after using his hand to warm up the glass, put it towards the entrance to her still dripping cunt. 

Chrissy's view was obscured by the men sucking on her tits, and, mind still reeling from recent events, only barely noticed the hard object now rubbing up and down her slit, getting coated with her juices. More men stepped forward now, some ran their hands along her smooth slender legs, and still others reached under her bunched up miniskirt for her taut belly. Mouths and hands explored every inch of her body. As soon as she noticed one sensation, another leapt up and surprised her. She no longer screamed, just breathlessly gasped, until inhaling sharply when the beer bottle, now covered in her pussy juices, slid effortlessly into her wet cunt.

The bartender pushed the bottle deep into her pussy, then, pausing, pulled it out only to repeat the process. Chrissy thrashed about on the table, suffering from sensory overload, unable to cope with all the attention these men lavished on her. Chrissy moaned through the hand covering her mouth, and her struggles subsided as the pleasure being administered to her body by the crowd of men intensified. The bottle continued to saw in and out of her cunt, and, seeing her relax, Alex nudged the man covering her mouth. He obliged, releasing his hold and stepping back, then around the table to get a feel of Chrissy's hot body.

Caught up in her own feelings of lust, Chrissy didn't even notice his absence. She just hung her head back over the side of the table and moaned, licking her lips as she felt another orgasm building from off in the distance. One of the men had just returned from his car with a video camera, and Alex saw the red light and waved him over for a better view. Alex stepped up near her head and removed his pants, allowing his hard 8" cock to spring free from its confines and bob menacingly above Chrissy's face. She moaned and bit her lip when she saw it. Her head hung over the back of the table, her long blond hair cascading down behind her, eyes fixated on her boyfriend's throbbing meat. "Make sure you get this," Alex told the amateur cameraman. Alex gripped his cock and began to slide it over her face, leaving trails of precum on her lips and cheek. Chrissy purred and licked the sticky precum off her lips, savoring the salty taste as Alex slapped her forehead with his cock. 

Alex bent down, putting his mouth next to her ear. "You're a good little cocksucker, aren't you, baby?" he whispered. Chrissy only moaned, responding to one of the men biting her nipples. Alex asked again, "You want my big dick in your mouth, don't you Chrissy?" This time she managed to breath out an "Uh huh," probably not even aware of the question. 

Alex stood back up, gripped her hair and pulled it gently down. Chrissy gasped, opening her mouth. Alex took the opportunity and slid his cock slowly into her mouth as far as it would go, stretching her lips and impacting the back of her throat. Chrissy gagged momentarily. Alex withdrew, then resumed, fucking her face slowly. Truth be told, Chrissy was an excellent cocksucker, and nothing made her quite so wet as a hard cock in her mouth. The men holding her arms had since released her, no longer afraid she'd escape. Chrissy absently—instinctively, really—brought a hand up to her mouth so she could stroke the shaft as Alex's cock slowly fucked her face. Her tongue swirled around the big dick, licking and savoring it. 

"Yeah, baby, that feels good, suck that cock," Alex told her. She moaned her response around the thick meat filling her mouth. The bartender was still fucking her pussy with the bottle, men swapped off sucking her tits, and nearly every guy in the place had a hand somewhere on her body; some groped her ass, and others licked and kissed up and down her slender legs, which were still spread obscenely wide to make room for the bartender and his beer bottle.

Alex pulled his cock from her mouth and slapped her with it gently, leaving sticky dollops of precum about her pretty face. Chrissy thrashed about, trying to get it back in her mouth to no avail, as Alex still held her hair tightly. "You want this cock, baby?" he asked. "Come on bitch, you want this big dick in your mouth?" he teased her, slapping her face with his meat. 

"Uh huh," was all she could manage.

"You'll have to do better than that you little slut. Tell me what you want," he told her again.

"Ugh." The bottled slammed into her twat. "I want your cock, baby I want your big cock," she moaned between thrusts, the camera alternating between her pussy, her tits and her face. Alex slid his cock back in her mouth, fucked it twice quickly as she groaned in satisfaction, only to remove and slap it against her face again. 

"So you want this cock Chrissy?" he asked her. "You want this big cock?" The bottle slammed into her cunt.

"Yeah, yeah I want your big cock," she responded, eyes begging. A stranger sucked her nipple into his mouth. 

"Where do you want it bitch, what do you want me to do with it?" he demanded. Another man slapped and then kneaded her ass.

"Oh, fuck me, fuck my mouth with it. Fuck my hot little mouth!" she implored. Alex's cock slapped against her face.

"What'll you do if I give it you?" he asked. The camera zoomed in on her face, the tip of Alex's cock sliding across her lips, leaving a trail of precum as she tried in vain to get it back in her mouth. 

"Anything, oh anything!" she begged, a man's finger probing the outside of her asshole.

"Will you suck off all my friends here?" he asked. The crowd cheered.

She let herself go. "Oh yeah, they can all fuck my hot little mouth. Let me suck their cocks!" she responded, the sucking on her tits growing more urgent.

"How about your pussy, Chrissy? Can they all fuck your pussy? You gonna be our little slut tonight?" Alex asked, pushing his pole into her mouth and then back out, leaving a tendril of precum from Chrissy's lips to his cock. The cameraman whistled approvingly. 

"Yeah, yeah, fuck my pussy. Fuck my slutty little pussy, fuck me please!" she screamed. "Fucking gangbang me! Just gimme that cock fuck my slut mouth!" she cried. Satisfied, Alex shoved his hard cock back in her, filling up her hot little mouth. Her ecstatic moan, muffled by Alex's dick in her throat, indicated her approval.

"You heard the bitch, fuck her!" yelled one man. Every guy who didn't already have his dick in his hand whipped it out and stroked it to full hardness. 
