 (If you haven't read any of the Chrissy series, you may be a little lost at first.)

Picture this if you will. 

I am on my friend's couch with a dime piece on my lap facing away from me. She has her red and white tank top straps down so that her breasts are exposed and one of my hands playing with them while the other hand is slid into her yoga pants. Her hair is up since she was just cleaning and my lips are pressed on her neck while she moans. Does it sound like a porno to you? 

It was a month after the events of Chrissy: Confession (You can look that one up on my author page). My girlfriend Mae and I have been doing well as have Chrissy and her husband, James. It was a busy month between all the projects I had to do and the extra hours Mae's uncle had been making her work. Our time together had been cherished because of the busy schedules. It had gotten to the point that Mae started spending time at my apartment just to get away from her uncle...well also to spend time with me. It was one such night that Mae was working and Chrissy called me. 

"Nick, can you come over? I need someone to watch the hockey game with me. James is in Chicago again." 

I was headed over right after I texted Mae. As I drove, she sent me a text message with a picture of her smiling. In a normal situation, this would be a warning to stay home. Yet, with Mae I knew this meant to have a good time. I did mention I loved that girl, right? 

When I got there, instead of her hockey gear, Chrissy was wearing the red and white tank top and her yoga pants. I did mention how hot she looked in yoga pants. As we kissed, the first thoughts in my head were that hockey was not going to be that important that night. As she guided me towards the couch, I noticed there was no sound of little feet running around. I also noticed the beer and snacks on the coffee table and the scented candles. I smelled set up, but didn't care.

We sat and started catching up on the last month. It was a pleasant conversation before I noticed the hockey game was on and her team was winning. It was then my mind started working. 

"How do your shoulders feel, baby?" I asked. 

"They feel pretty sore. I spent all day cleaning while the kids spent time with their grandparents," she answered as she slipped onto my lap. "Are you sure you want to give me a shoulder rub, baby? You know I squirm when you try to help me relax." 

I started slowly rubbing her shoulders as she moaned a little. I gently kissed her along her neck as her head went back. I rubbed her shoulders a bit more before she started squirming on my lap. I could feel myself harden in my jeans as my hands started slowly moving the straps of her tank top down. When I heard no resistance, I slowly slid it over her breasts and underneath so her nipples were exposed. My hands slowly crept upwards until they caressed the underside of her breasts before she moaned again.  

"God, Nick, I missed your hands on me," she murmured. 

I started slowly pinching and caressing her breasts while she squirmed on my lap. My right hand then slowly slid down until I started to slide into her yoga pants. I could feel the heat on her pussy as my fingers started caressing her naked skin and she started moaning louder. This continued for a little while longer until we heard the door open. I turned my head and saw Mae looking at me approvingly. She slowly padded over to where we sat and bent down in front of us before her fingers slid into the yoga pants and began to pull them down. 

Chrissy opened her eyes and saw Mae and smiled before raising her hips. Soon, the yoga pants were a memory and Mae's tongue started caressing Chrissy's pussy. Chrissy's moans were so intoxicating before I slid my right fingers towards her lips where she sucked on the hungrily. I looked down and saw Mae's eyes as she ate out her friend. It was then Chrissy moaned bedroom. We all moved quickly to the bedroom as we undid buttons. By the time Chrissy was on the bed in just her tank top bunched up around her waist, Mae was stripped of her work uniform and wearing just her bra and panties and I wore just a smile. 

Mae took her place between Chrissy's thighs as I crawled on the bed and fed my cock to Chrissy. She started sucking on me voraciously as her eyes looked up at me. I intertwined my fingers in her hair and started to thrust a bit as I enjoyed her mouth. I looked over at Mae who had three fingers buried in Chrissy's quim. It was so difficult to keep from cumming before Chrissy's hips started thrusting. 

"She needs your cock, Nick," Mae said as she crawled onto the bed and straddled Chrissy's face so that Mae was still facing Chrissy's pussy. 

I slid into Chrissy while I watched my girlfriend's head lower where I was thrusting. I started feeling Mae's tongue licking my cock and Chrissy's pussy as we fucked. It wasn't long until I started to feel that delightful pressure on my cock. 

"Gonna...cum..." I moaned before I filled Chrissy's pussy. 

I pulled out before Mae started cleaning off my cock. I then sat back as I watched Mae lick Chrissy out. It was a little while watching them perform for me before they stopped. Mae crawled around and kissed Chrissy on the lips passionately before they both looked at me. It was the most beautiful picture a man could have. There lay my girlfriend and my lover together content. 

I smiled before asking if we wanted to go back downstairs to see who won the hockey game. Chrissy responded by throwing a pillow at me before I slipped in next to her in her bed and held her. It was a beautiful way to catch up.