 (This is another Chrissy story. I have the most appreciation for the sultry hissub1111 for her help on this story line and for the countless ideas, many which have not hit Lit yet. As always, please vote at the end if you like it and make sure you leave your name when you tell me what you think.) 

*

I was finishing eating as Chrissy walked back in with the phone. "We need to get dressed. The kids are coming back home in a half hour." 

For the readers that haven't been keeping up, Chrissy is the dime piece wife of my best friend. Thanks to their desire to open up, she has also been my personal sex slave...I mean partner for the whole weekend. No, her husband isn't a cuckold nor do I have leverage over them. She just wanted to spend time with me while her husband was in Chicago for the weekend. The setting of this story is Sunday morning and based on what Chrissy just told me, I better get my clothes on before her mother comes back with Chrissy's kids. 

As I slid my jeans on, I watched as Chrissy put on a violet colored tank top and a pair of tight sweat pants. I was drooling for a second before I heard her tell me to hurry up. By the time the kids got home, we were dressed and there was no evidence of any liaisons as far as we knew. I started playing with her kids as Chrissy and her mom talked for a little while. It was an hour later before Chrissy walked in. 

"Nick, James texted me. He should be at the airport in a few hours. He said he'd text you with the gate info when he got there." 

It was that moment when the butterflies in my gut returned. 

Pause

Reader: Are you gonna blubber on about the guilt again? 

Me: No, stop interrupting. 

Press play. 

As we continued to play with the kids, I started pondering that night. Chances are James will probably be tired. At the same time, he may want to spend private time with Chrissy which is his right after all. As I started pondering, Chrissy's son wanted to play airplane again. I started flying him around before the daughter wanted some too. I had so much fun playing that I almost didn't hear the ring tone for James' text message. I checked it and got up to get my keys before Chrissy stopped me at the door.  

"Drive safe," she told me before locking my lips with hers, her tongue sliding in to remind me that I was still putty in her hands. 

The drive to the airport was nerve wracking. I mean driving to the airport is always a pain because it's massively congested. This time was ten times worse just because I was having doubts as I neared the parking lot. As I paid for parking and found a spot, I looked on my phone and saw the gate number. Since I figured James would have had to baggage claim, I went to the correct one and waited. Soon, James sauntered up with his carry on hanging from his right shoulder. I stood and attracted his attention and he smiled. 

"So, how was your weekend?" he asked. 

Soon, we were driving home. I was kind of tongue tied as I drove while James seemed relaxed and confident. We were home shortly after to the sound of the kids yelling Daddy at the top of their lungs and Chrissy kissing him as deeply as she kissed me previously. It was as before he left. The kids ran around while wife was going about making dinner and best friend hung around. The difference was that while husband was in Chicago, best friend was spending the weekend screwing dutiful wife. To say I had a guilt trip would be an understatement. 

It was after the kids went to sleep that things got weird. I heard James say something about taking a shower before Chrissy looked at me. It was her sneaky look, the look she gave me the night that she gave me her first blowjob on James' birthday. On one hand, I was aroused because it was a truly sexy look. On the other hand, I was also curious as to why this look would have resulted from James talking about a shower. 

Soon, both of them were in the shower while I relaxed in their living room. They were occupied for what seemed like an hour while I caught up on all the sports news I missed during the weekend. It wasn't until I received a text message from James that I was totally awestruck. It showed a picture of James dick being sucked by Chrissy. It was then followed by a message that said get my ass up there. I started up the stairs towards their bedroom when I heard Chrissy moan. Having heard her moan the whole weekend, the sound made me move faster until I was in their bedroom. There, James was buried in his wife's quim as she lay on the bed. 

"Nick, hurry! I need your cock!" Chrissy screamed as James kept pounding her pussy. 

I jumped out of my shorts and climbed on the bed where I watched James' cock inside his wife's pussy. My attention was soon diverted by Chrissy's mouth as she took me in there. 

"That's it, slut. Let my best friend fuck your mouth. Show him how much of a slut you are," I heard James say. 

I was too busy getting blown to notice more as my cock was getting the full Chrissy treatment. Chrissy started taking me deep in her mouth, her eyes closed as if she was savoring the feeling of my cock in her mouth while she was getting fucked. It was then I heard James with his next command. 

"Slut, let go of his cock. I need to flip you over."

Almost instantaneously, she let go of my cock before she rolled over onto her hands and knees. I watched as James slid inside her and heard her moan. I filled in her mouth with my cock again and started fucking her throat. This time, her eyes were opened wide and staring up at me with a smile at the curl of her lips. I pulled my cock out and let it slide over her cheeks before she hungrily took it back between her lips. I then slid my hand behind her head and pushed my cock deeper down her throat. A hungry moan shivered up my cock as James kept slamming her pussy. 

I would love to tell you that I lasted another half hour within her lips, but I choose to be honest. I sprayed my cum deep down her throat as she swallowed. She then looked up at me as she took an additional suck to clean off my cock before she moaned loudly. I would wager to say that it was that moment that my best friend filled in his wife's pussy while I watched. Chrissy then collapsed on the bed before I slid off the bed. James saw me slide off and smiled before we both walked out of the room and let Chrissy rest. 

As we opened a few beers, James and I talked about how Chicago went. As we kept talking, I kept thinking over the weekend and how much fun Chrissy and I had. In the back of my mind, I was hoping there would be more trips. James saw the smile on my face, but stayed quiet about it. 

Later that week as I was working, Chrissy sent me a message asking me if I called Mae yet. When I assured her that I did, she responded by asking me to see her at lunch time so she could give me some pointers on what to do for her. I arrived at her house about an hour later and was welcomed in by the sight of Chrissy in that white kimono style robe. I may never win the lottery any time soon. However, having Chrissy as my best friend's wife is better.