 So if you read any of my Chrissy stories, I do not have to explain who Chrissy is or how she had made me feel awesome over the last few months. The one story I haven't told yet was how she introduced me to my girlfriend and the events surrounding the first date. This story takes place after Chrissy: Homecoming. 




It was later on that week when Mae and I agreed to meet. Mae was introduced in the story Chrissy: Torture and Reward (check my author page to find it.) and she had to pick a night where she wasn't working. Chrissy told me during one of our chats that Mae was a workaholic. She worked many hours at her uncle's restaurant and the time Chrissy and Mae spent together was few and far between. The first chance we had to meet was Thursday night. 

I picked up Mae at her place in the city. When I reached her building, I noticed her uncle's restaurant was downstairs. In my mind, that meant any extra activities would have to happen somewhere else. As I climbed the stairs wearing a pair of jean shorts and a grey polo shirt, I could hear the various sounds of women working on stuff in their apartments. I could hear the various chattering of women in their native tongues, not understanding any of them. Mae's apartment sat at the corner of the building. I knocked quietly, hoping that I wouldn't disturb anyone else. There was a pause before the door opened. 

Mae opened the door wearing nothing but a white towel around her body and another one wrapped around her hair. My jaw dropped as she smiled at me meekly. 

"Sorry, Nick, I'm not ready yet. Would you like to wait for me in here?" she asked as the hall suddenly got quiet. 

I nodded my head as she ushered me in. She then began talking as I scoped out her surroundings. It turned out she lived in a studio apartment owned by, you guessed it, her uncle. It was a little cluttered as I made my way to the futon and she walked to her dresser before dropping her towel. My eyes immediately went to her ass as she looked in the dresser for panties or something. I was so caught up with the view that when she turned to ask me a question, she noticed and started giggling. 

"What's so funny?" I asked playfully. 

She stopped before she answered. "You look at me like you look at Chrissy." 

I smiled at her before she started chatting again. This time, I paid attention to her and was able to keep my eyes at the right place, even when she turned to show me two different dresses to compare. I chose the Navy one, it worked for Chrissy, and we were soon off to my car for dinner. As I drove, Mae was looking out the window and her nervousness was oscillating from her. 

"Are you okay, Mae?" I asked. 

She nodded before I pulled to the side of the road and leaned in to kiss her. Her kiss was tentative at first, but her lips and her heart seemed to open as we kissed for a bit longer. I pulled away and watched her smile at me before she spoke. 

"I feel better now."

"What was wrong before?" I asked half expecting the answer. 

"Just nerves. I mean the first time I met you was when you were at my best friend's place. And then we were naked later and then..." 

Another kiss cut her off. 

"Mae, this night isn't about Chrissy. I am here with you and just you." 

"I know..."she answered. "It's just I can't compete with Chrissy." 

I looked at her gently before I responded. "This isn't a competition, Mae. I'm not trying to pick which girl is better at what or anything. I am taking you to dinner because I want to get to know you and hopefully you can get to know me. After all, our first meeting wasn't exactly a get to know each other moment. Right?" 

She nodded. It was then I had a thought. 

"Did you want to call Chrissy just to make sure?" 

Her eyes seem to light up at that suggestion. Her fingers were already on her smart phone and before you could respond, Chrissy was on the phone. 

"Hi Mae, baby," she said before Mae could talk. 

"Hey baby, guess who I am with right now." 

I could envision Chrissy smiling. "Is Nick behaving?" 

"He's being a perfect gentleman,' Mae answered, her nerves calming down. 

"So why call me then, baby? I told you he would be and you should just relax and have a good time. Oh my God am I on speaker?" she asked before I smiled deeper. 

"You lied to her and told her I was a gentleman? How could you?" I answered in mock sarcasm. 

The girls both laughed for a moment before Mae continued. 

"I feel better now. Call you later, baby?" she asked. 

"You better," Chrissy answered. 'You two have fun now." 

As I drove us to the cantina, our conversation was light and reserved. We reached the cantina and ordered a strawberry daiquiri for Mae and a sweet tea for me since I was driving. We had a light meal as we kept talking. It wasn't until a few hours later that we danced a little. Mae was a little uptight at first before she started getting into it. It was as if she was still in her cocoon in a way. As we made our way towards the car, I started pondering where to go next. Mae answered for me. 

"So what does the Overlook look like?" 

When the Miami Heat recently won their second NBA title, every Heat fan probably had the same feeling I had at that moment. Granted, I could care less about basketball, but I was so excited just because I would get to show Mae the Overlook possibly for the first time. I tried to play it cool, but it was difficult. We reached the Overlook soon after and then Mae began to dial her phone. 

"Who are you calling?" I asked, puzzled. Mae smiled at me. 

"You'll see." 

The phone rang for a few moments before Chrissy answered. 

"Are you there?" she asked. 

Mae answered, "Yes."

'Good. Nick, can you hear me?" 

"I can, but what's going on?" 

"Nick, Mae wants to pleasure you. However, she's a bit shy as you may have noticed by now. So I told her I would guide her as she took care of you. Is that okay with you?"

Pause. 

Okay, I know this sounds weird to you. But you'll see how this plays out. 

Press play. 

"Mai, are you wearing the navy colored dress I told you to wear?" 

"Yes." She responded meekly. 

"Good, I want you to slip out of it. Show Nick how much he excited you tonight." 

Mae stepped out of the car and with the car door open, allowed her dress to drop to the ground. She wore a pair of lacey black panties under her dress which I would have noticed earlier if I wasn't trying so hard not to stare earlier. I could see her nipples were stiff as she crawled back inside the car towards me. 

"How does she look, Nick?" Chrissy asked almost coyly. 

After a gasp, I responded, "Gorgeous. She looks beautiful." 

'I knew she would," Chrissy said coyly over the phone. "Now Mae, I want you to undo Nick's pants and pull out his cock." 

Mae's fingers were a bit shaky as she slowly undid the button and pulled down the zipper before reaching in gently and pulling my cock out. She slowly stroked me a little before Chrissy spoke again. 

"Nick likes to have his cock licked. But you should kiss his lips first." 

Mae climbed forward and our lips met, tongues intermingling as we kissed. Soon, Chrissy was on the speaker again. 

"Are you two still kissing?" 

We stopped as we laughed a little, the tension breaking a bit before Chrissy spoke again. 

"I just had a better idea. You two need to come here, now." 

"Where's James?" 

"He's spending the night over his brother's tonight. If I am going to coach Mae, I need to see what she is doing. Now Nick, get your asses over here. " 

It took a moment to get situated before I was driving to Chrissy's house. In my mind, I was puzzled because this night was supposed to just be Mae and I. Except Chrissy had been coaching us all along. Call it a hunch, but I smelled set up. I looked over at Mae as I drove and she smiled at me. If anything, I thought she was a little relieved even though in our haste to get to Chrissy's house, she neglected to put her dress back on. Her nipples were still poking forward. It was too soon after that we arrived at Chrissy's place. 

Mae wrapped herself in the dress as best as she could before we sprinted to the front door. Chrissy already had the door open by the time we reached the front stoop. She ushered us in and Mae went straight to the bedroom while I stood back and gave Chrissy a good kiss. She kissed me back (always a good sign) then ushered me up after Mae who dropped her dress on the stairs as she ran. By the time I reached Chrissy's bedroom, Mae was already sliding her panties off of her legs before she looked at me expectantly. I was about to dive tongue first into her warm pussy when Chrissy cleared her throat. I then turned and saw that wicked gleam in her eye. 

"I want to play a game," she said. "I am going to tell you two what to do and you two will do it. Is that clear?" 

I started to strip out of my clothes before Chrissy stopped me. "No, Mae will remove those." 

Mae rose from the bed and started pulling my polo up and over my head. Her nipples touched my chest and I shuddered a little because of how they felt. She then bent down and undid the button on my shorts before dropping them and my cock sprang up. Mae then looked at Chrissy before Chrissy spoke. 

"Mae, kiss his cock." 

Her mouth felt so good along my length as I looked down on her. I moved by hand down to the back of her head before Chrissy stopped me. Chrissy, meanwhile, sat in a chair and pulled her nightgown up to expose her pussy before running her fingers up and down the length. Mae was working my cock, her lips bathing my length as I went down her throat before Chrissy commanded again. 

"Chrissy says, Mae lay on the bed." 

Mae regrettably let go of my cock and was lying on the bed. I was about to join her when Chrissy stopped me. I waited for the words as Chrissy's smile turned sinister before she commented. 

"Nick, Chrissy says lick Mae's pussy." 

I fell to my knees and buried my tongue deep inside her quim as her legs fell onto my shoulders. Mae was moaning loudly although I wasn't sure if it was for Chrissy's sake or mine. It wasn't long until her moaning stopped, or rather was muffled somehow. I looked up from where I was at and saw Chrissy's tattoo in my field of vision. Apparently, Chrissy couldn't watch any longer and decided to use Mae's tongue. As I rose from my feast, I slid my cock inside Mae and started fucking her while my mouth found Chrissy's neck. She cooed at the contact before she playfully smiled at me. 

"I didn't say you could fuck her yet, baby," she cooed as I grabbed Chrissy's tits. 

I then pulled out and walked to the side of the bed as Chrissy slid off of Mae. I pushed my cock into Mae's mouth and she greedily sucked her juices off while Chrissy took my previous position to lick Mae's pussy. My hand found the back of Mae's head again as my fingers found one of her nipples and twisted slightly. I could feel Mae's moan on my cock before I pulled out and bent down to kiss her. I then started whispering in her ear how beautiful she was and how much I wanted her to cover Chrissy's face in her cum. 

Mae didn't disappoint as she came for me and Chrissy licked as much as she could. Chrissy then climbed the bed and lay on top of Mae where they alternated between kissing and playing with my cock. After a few moments of teasing, I went back to the foot of the bed and slid into Mae. I started fucking her for all I was worth before warning her of my impending climax. Chrissy then slid off of Mae and told me to pull out. I did and covered Mae's pussy and Chrissy's face with my seed. The girls then proceeded to clean each other off while I watched. 

Needless to say, the next date was a little lighter and I was able to take Mae somewhere that she liked as we started to get to know each other better. Mae's uncle didn't think much of me at first, but he seemed won over by the fact I treated his niece well. That wasn't the last time Chrissy was involved in our dates either. There was the time in the hot tub....umm. I better let that go for a later story.