 Thank your for reading this story. I am sure it won't disappoint. This a true story, although it did happen a few years ago so I will recall it as best I can given the condition of my memory. Every word of this is true, and at the time I thought I wouldn't behave like this, which was obviously proven false.



After finishing high school I had a fairly stable girlfriend. We met through one of my mates and ended up moving in together a year later. Jillian had been a little bit of a wild child at parties before I met her and our relationship was always quite open. We both found it mutually erotic to tell or hear the others stories while having sex. A couple of Jillian's friends though were really out there as far as I was concerned. Very liberal indeed. I wont go into details on them now, as they feature in this tale and I am sure you will get the point!

When Jillian told me these two girls were having a party I knew something was up because she told me during foreplay. "They have assured me it's not going to be anything sleazy. Just us, their boyfriends, and another couple we don't know."

I was in shock. "They have boyfriends?!"

"Yes, but I think they have swapped before. I even think they have had a go of each other." Jillian flushed as she said this, which may have been the fore play.

'Well I am keen for a drink this weekend so we will go. I am curious to see what these two are up to anyway." Jillian seemed happy with that answer.

When we arrived at the house on the weekend music was already pumping and alcohol had been flowing for a while. I am still not sure which of the girls actually lived there, but it was a nice house. It was rented I am sure because they could not have afforded to buy a big house with a pool and entertaining area like that straight out of school. When we came in to the kitchen where everyone was gathered the girls immediately demanded we take some shots to catch up. Then they introduced us to everyone. Christa was the blonde of the afore mentioned dynamic duo, while Rachel was her brunette sidekick. Their boyfriend's names elude me, but I can't remember who was who's anyway. Both guys seemed nice and fit, but quite small compared to me. The couple we didn't know were Katie and Rob. Katie was a very petite brunette with a pretty doll like face. Easily the cutest in the room, although Christa had some sexy curves that put here at the top for sex appeal. My own Jillian was a leggy blonde who watched her weight. That made for a classy looking girl who really turned you on by having the ability to melt into you when she was aroused. .

The alcohol flowed for the next couple of hours as we all mingled. A couple of times Christa groped me when she thought no one was looking. I gave her a booty squeeze back that I got busted doing by Jillian and Rachel, much to their amusement. The atmosphere was strange, very laid back but excited simultaneously. After everyone was well and truly buzzed Christa and Rachel asked if we wanted to play a game, going on to explain that it was a bit risqué but if anyone was uncomfortable we would stop. I agreed straight away and Jillian slapped my arm, although I could see she was quite keen as well.

The game they wanted to play involved lap dancing. They got four chairs around in a circle, all pointing out. They then taped all the guys hands behind our backs with some kind of packaging tape. We sat on the chairs and I realized I couldn't see anyone else with the chairs arranged like they were. Rachel started some pumping music, and Christa turned out a lot of lights. The room was fairly dark, enough that I couldn't make out what the people beside me were up to when turning my head. Jillian began to sway towards me, hitching her dress up to flash her legs. All the girls had worn basically the same thing. A light summer dress thrown over their swimmers, obviously expecting to go for a dip. 

I was surprised when she began to expose her breast to me, until I realized that really only the other girls could see. She ground away on my lap and left me with a raging erection. When the song finished she tucked her boobs back in and pashed me. I was so horny. Christa demanded the girls give all the guys shots and then dance for a different partner. All the girls simply rotated, with Christa explaining that they were all going to dance for us. I was stoked.

Rachel got me next and proceeded to flash her tits to me and then turn around, flashing her arse to me and lean forward so I could see her bikini bottom stretched tight. When she turned around again she ground down on my bulge, eliciting groans of pain from me. Although I was wearing shorts, I had jocks on and room wasn't running out, it had run out minutes earlier. Very subtly she dropped one hand into my lap while raising the other above her head and making out she was a rodeo rider. The hand in her lap pulled at my pants as her hips moved back, allowing the head of my penis to poke out . Then the song ended and I had no way to fix myself. I just drank my shot and waited for the next song. 

Katie staggered over, obviously affected by the alcohol. She came up and straddled my lap, not wanting to stand up and risk falling over. I could feel the heat coming off her and began to wonder what the other guys had done as she was really aroused. Katie then tried Rachel's trick of turning around and bending forward, but her twist was to pull her swimmers to the side and just show me her pussy. I could see how red it was, and I thought it would have to be the horniest little vagina I had ever seen. Katie had obviously not noticed that my cock head was sticking out because she the began to hump my lap without fixing her bottoms properly. I could feel her pussy wetting my head making it throb and nearly come all over itself and her pussy lips. Finally the music ended and I could hear simultaneous grunts and sighs from around me. Some frustrated, some relieved. 

Another shot was called for and mine was delivered by Christa, who followed it with her tongue. The next song was already running as Christa began to pull her breasts out for me and then saunter over and push her hard nipples into my mouth. She backed away from me and put one foot on my knee before fingering her pussy in front off me. She really got into it, bucking her hips and throwing her head back. When she slid into my lap again she used a slight of hand technique, creating a diversion. With her breasts jammed into my face and her head back moaning, nobody would have looked into my lap and see her free my rock hard cock. The she put both hands on my head, forcing it into her exposed cleavage. I realized later this show was for Jillian's benefit, to keep it a secret. While she groped my head her pussy slid over my cock. Christa was so wet, so slippery, even without penetration. I could feel my hard on catching at the entrance to her vagina, knowing it was only a matter of time before the angle was right and I would be deep inside her. The longer it took the closer to coming I got. Just as I thought I couldn't hold off, it happened. I slid in. I don't think Christa was expecting it just then, as her breath caught as if surprised. The change in sensation allowed me to calm down a bit. Her pussy was on fire, but soaked. Although I was horny as hell, and very pleased with the penetration I lasted out the song.

Christa hopped off, stroking my cheek and left me exposed for all to see. My cock glistened with her juices. The girls had done a full lap and were now set to return to their boyfriends. I worried about what Jillian would say to my exposed and soaked cock. I tried to look around and could just make out the guy that Jillian had danced for last had his cock out too. The girls had a huddle as they poured the shots for us before Christa announced this would be our final dance guys and make the most of it! 

Jillian poured my shot down my throat and then twirled away. She hitched up her dress and danced back over to me, flashing her swimmers. She danced up close and bent forward to talk in my ear. The music was loud so I doubt any one could hear her. 

"Look at my pussy, see what they did?" She twirled away again. My heart raced. What had she just done? She swayed back over.

"The guys found me really sexy!" I could see her pants were wet.

"What happened?" I had to ask.

"Christa got one guys cock out and had him so horny that when I ground on him he came all over me." I realized as she said this she had followed Christa around, taking up where the sauciest bitch in the room left off. 

"And you loved it!" I laughed at her.

'I did babe, and then I think she fucked the last guy because he had come all over his dick when I got there."

Jillian had dropped her hand in my lap and was jacking me off as she told me this. 

"Give me your tits babe". I demanded. Jillian pulled them out over her top, exposing some little red marks the other guys must have given her. 

"I did something bad though babe..." She let it hang as she raised herself up and pulled her pants to the side, rubbing my cock head on her puffy lips. They were so wet. I wanted to be inside so badly.

"Tell me, just put me in! Please!" I begged.

"My panties were wet with some one else's sperm, so I thought I shouldn't grind on him. So I put him inside instead." She dropped all her weight onto me as she said that. The pleasure of penetrating her over excited pussy combined with her naughty confession sent me over the edge. I grunted and bucked my hips, sending my come as deep inside her as I could. I remember how hard an orgasm it was, my whole body tensed up to breaking point, every muscle about to tear.

Just as I finished Jillian did something very unexpected. She jumped up and yelled finished. She kept her bikini bottoms to the side and my come dropped onto my cock and then my lap, before more ran down her leg. All she cared about was the other girls. I was confused but not in a condition to care. Then Katie jumped up, yelling finished as well. Christa and then Rachel soon joined in. I looked around and could see Rachel with come running down her leg too. Looking the other way I could see Christa. I really wanted to see that porcelain doll Katie in the same condition but couldn't see behind me. 

"How much fun was that!? Sorry guys but we wanted to race each other. Jillian is the hottest fuck here by those rules. But Katie's boyfriend did come twice. So that has to be taken into account. Lets work it out later, after some more drinks and a swim." Christa said. 

With that they cut the tape off, cleaned them selves up and the party continued. The goings on of which I will tell you in the next chapter.