 INTRODUCTION:

Hi everyone! It's been a long time since I've written a nice hot erotic story and lately I've been missing it! This is a true story that takes me back to 2010 when I had the experience of my first MMF threesome. It came about when I first starting dating Christa, a spunky little brunette with a burning desire to have a threesome with two men; in fact the topic of MMF threesomes came up on our first date! 

Deep down I had always found it an extreme turn-on to see a woman fuck two men at the same time although I was never sure if it was something that should remain within the realm of fantasy. I had dated a few women who had done it but were long since past their wild "experimental" days of their youth and it wasn't something they'd ever do again. (Even though they all said that they'd loved the experience) 

I've always been straight with no bi-sexual desires at all, but I will admit that the sight of a woman sucking and fucking two studs at the same time has always been a massive turn on! Deep down I always wondered whether or not I could actually go through with it or if it was one of those things that should remain in the realm of fantasy. 

I'm an attractive guy and over the years I've had couples approach me about joining them in the bedroom, but it never felt right to me. For me, it would be more comfortable to be in a solid relationship with a woman and then seek another man to join us. 

Either way, until the spring of 2010 my threesome experience was non-existent although that was soon to change!! I was soon to start dating a woman that had a strong desire to experience a MMF threesome before she was 40 years old and she brought me along for the ride. 

Christa Darby: 

Fate is a funny thing. It's completely unpredictable and we never know just where it will take us. We never know whose about to come into our life just around the corner and what impact they'll have on us; if any. 

Little did I know in the spring of 2010 that two people were about to come into my life and that the three of us would experience an insane night of erotic pleasure. It all started simply enough--a message in my Plenty Of Fish inbox. I'd been experimenting with online dating without much luck although that was finally about to change! 

The first contact I had with Christa was nothing more than a simple message that was waiting for me in my inbox: 'hey' Just one word in my inbox was how I came to meet Christa Darby. It was the first message I'd received on Plenty Of Fish in weeks. Without skipping a beat I had a look at her profile and was pleasantly surprised at what I found. 

Christa was short, about 5'1" with dark hair and green eyes and according to her profile she was part native, although looking at her face I honestly couldn't detect it. Her profile stated that she was 36 years old. She was definitley cute, and after looking at all the pictures on her profile I sent her a quick response and went on with my day. She responded to my response very quickly and I didn't hesitate to give her my phone number so she could send me a text. 

The two of us spent a couple of weeks sending text messages back and forth and it didn't take long for our conversations to soon turn toward sex which was a pleasant surprise. Christa and I had immediate chemistry which is always a huge turn on for me. Our conversations were always fun and enjoyable especially since most of them revolved around sex. 

I soon came to learn that Christa had been in a sexless marriage for quite a few years and was looking to come out of her shell and have some sexual fun! I was thinking that I just might be the guy to help her out of that shell!! In fact I would soon be smashing that shell to a fine powder, obliterating it entirely and exposing Christa's inner swinger to the world!! This woman immediately struck me as being someone with a lot of repressed sexual desires and fantasies that definitely needed fulfillment. I use to tell her that she had "the heart of a swinger"

As our text messages kept going back and forth over the next few weeks we soon got to talking about sexual fantasies and one day out of the blue I received a text from her while I was bored at work: 

"So, what's your biggest sexual fantasy??" 

I paused before answering and decided to play it cool and throw the question right back at her and responded, 

"Oh, too many to name. How about you? What's your biggest fantasy?" 

Christa didn't hesitate to respond, 

"I'd like to be in a threesome, with two men of course!!!" 

It didn't surprise me since it's a very common fantasy among women; I mean, who doesn't want to fuck two members of the opposite sex at the same time??? Who knew that an innocent text message would lead me down the path to my first MMF threesome!?!? But whether I knew it or not, that's exactly what had just happened. The seed had been planted and I'd just started on the short journey to threesome town. 

I responded to her text immediately:

"Nice!! A little kinky hey...... nothing hotter than seeing a woman suck and fuck two guys at the same time!!" 

I wasn't sure what to make of my response since I wasn't convinced that I could ever actually go through with a MMF threesome anyway and since we were only sending some text messages back and forth I figured I could throw caution to the wind and tell a small white lie, I responded: 

"I've done it!! It rocked my world, definitley left me wanting more!!" 

Christa actually didn't respond to that message although I'd later come to learn that my response had temporarily rendered her powerless since upon reading it she had flushed with sexual excitement at the thought that she'd found a kinky guy with the heart of a swinger. She later told me that she was so turned on by the "fact" I'd experimented with couples that her hands were shaking!!! (I never did tell Christa that I'd lied about being in a threesome. It made me feel a certain amount of power and it gave her a confidence boost knowing that at least one of us had some experience in the world of threesomes. What you don't know can't hurt you...... 

In fact, in the coming week of text messaging I sent her a further white lie and told her I'd been in several MMF threesomes in my life time. Luckily for me she never did question me on any of them although I'm sure she was immensely turned on at the thought that I'd done it. At that point in time my experience with online dating had left me to believe that the odds of even meeting Christa were slim; I was very very wrong about that! 

Baselines Pub: The first two pieces of the puzzle come together

After a few weeks had passed Christa and I agreed to meet for a beer at a pub here in town that we were both familiar with. Christa confided in me that she had rarely gotten out much over the years of being married and that she was nervous about meeting me. I managed to cool her down and tell her that she had nothing to worry about. I guess her last Plenty Of Fish date had been a bust and left her with a bad taste in her mouth. 

I made my way to Baselines Pub that evening which is pretty much a shithole really, the last place I'd choose to go. I'm a bartender and so I'm up to speed with the ins and outs of the local watering holes. Baselines had only opened a few years earlier and was almost always empty! It was owned by the Hells Angels and most likely is just used to launder money. As usual, on this particular night the place was pretty much deserted apart from two guys playing pool far off in a dark corner. 

I made my way into the pub and took a seat at the bar. I had brought with me a nice little gift bag for Christa that I placed on the seat next to me. In it was two ultra sexy and ultra tight little spandex mini-dresses that I'd ordered off the internet just a week earlier; they were pretty much one size fits all numbers. In our daily text message exchanges we had gotten to talking about some fantasy wear and she'd expressed her desire to wear whatever I ask her too! This was a huge turn on to me since I've always had a thing for skin tight skirts and mini-dresses especially when paired up with a sexy pair of boots!!!! She had warned me that she'd need to hit the gym hard before wearing them in front of me, but I was looking forward to seeing her in them for sure. 

I had picked out two mini-dresses off a website called GreatGlam.com. The first was a nice little black number and the other was shiny gold. The black one was my favorite for sure! If you'd seen these dresses you would know just from looking at them that they'd be skin tight on even the smallest woman!! 

I was having trouble even containing myself at the possibilities that the future held. Threesome or not I knew me and this chick would be doing some serious fucking in the near future although I knew I'd have to keep my cool and not blow it!! The type of women you meet on Plenty Of Fish aren't the type that move fast. Most of them are getting out of long term relationships and just want to take it slow! I had to keep this in mind! 

After sitting at the bar for 10 minutes a short brunette entered the bar and began making her way toward me. At first she didn't see me sitting across the dark bar and I had a few moments to take her in without her knowing it. 

She was short and carrying just a little more weight than she had been in the pictures she had sent me. It didn't bother me at all because Christa was the type of woman that carried her weight perfectly, just the way I like it. She had a bigger ass and strong legs with hips that were wider than her waist. She didn't have massive boobs, in fact they looked like a decent B cup. She also had a flatter stomach which I liked as well. She was the kind of woman that carried her extra weight in her ass and hips. I liked her immediatley although her body langauge was a little awkard and I got the feeling she hadn't walked into a pub alone in a very long time. 

I got up and made my way toward her and after a quick hello and a hug we sat down at the bar and allowed the conversation to flow. It was a little awkward at first but soon got up to speed. As she was sitting next to me I immediately observed that the thickness of her ass and hips were perfect for a double penetration. She'd have no problem taking two cocks into her body at the same time! I saw her eyeing the gift bag and she blushed just a little when she realized what it was. 

"Are those......." she paused. I said nothing and let her take a peek inside the bag. 

She blushed a little more when she looked inside and saw two smoking hot little sexy dresses. In our daily text message exchanges we had talked about me buying the dresses but I don't think she actually thought I'd bring them on a first date. I had called her bluff. 

"Wow, I didn't actually think you were serious about buying these!" she said with a little wink in her eye. I could tell it excited her although she tried to play it cool. 

The fact that I had bought them was a sign of things to come, it was an early indication that the two of us would be entering into a relationship of unbelievable sexual highs and pleasure. The fact is we'd soon learn that we shared incredible sexual chemistry and that some of the best sex I'd ever have in my life would be with her. 

After an hour or so we left the pub, and since it was getting late we both headed for home after a quick hug in the parking lot. I watched her walk away and made sure she was in her car before I turned to leave. 

Our first meeting had been fairly low key but enjoyable. Honestly I wasn't sure what to think. Would there be a second date?? I had found her attractive and I could tell the way she had been looking at me that she felt the same. Women have always found me attractive with my gym built body and washboard abs, I was confident! 

Shortly after I got home I received a text message from her: "....tried the dresses on. Holy shit the black one is SO short! I'm going to have to seriously hit the gym before I let you see me in these!"

I had been hoping she'd text me a picture but I understood she'd want to tone her body up before she'd be seen in them by anyone. I was a little dissapointed but reminded myself to be patient. She hadn't dated in a long time. 

And The Sex begins: 

Well, there was a second date, and then a third, and then a fourth..... In fact me and Chirsta were soon fucking eachother like rabbits and discovering such a wonderful chemistry that I'd never experienced before; her pussy was made for my cock! The sex wasn't just physical but had another dimension to it that I'd never allowed myself to feel with another woman. We both liked to fuck the same way! When it comes to sex I've always preferred things to be just a little slanted toward the romantic side with pure pleasure being the focus. I've never cared for heavy bondage and don't believe intense pain should be a part of the sexual experience. Women that liked to be choked and spat on are not my thing. For me, I like lot's of laughing and smiling as part of the sexual experience and most importantly some great orgasms!! I've never felt that pain should be part of the experience. (Okay, maybe a little hot wax from time to time...) 

Christa's blowjobs were delivered like a veteran of the trade, alternating between slow and teasing with periods of hard and deep action. She loved to trace a figure eight up and down the shaft of my cock and gently kiss my balls, sometimes for several minutes. When she gave me head she seemed to be having the time of her life, as if there was nothing else in the world she'd rather be doing. When this womans graceful lips were gently sucking and teasing my cock I could tell she just truly loved sex!! Everything about it. 

She was the master of taking me to the edge of orgasm without actually letting me go over the edge and cum. As she told me: "my completion rate for blowjobs is low becuase I want to get FUCKED!!!!" I told her she was the master of controlling a mans orgasm. 

Christa was multi-orgasmic and would usually enjoy 4-5 orgasms in a session. One night in particular she had gotten off 6 times which was a personal record for her. She could probably go even higher but after her pussy had exploded on my cock that many times I could barely contain myself and the urge to shoot my load was almost unbearable! I'd have no choice but to finally give in and let my orgasm over take me after so much holding back and I let her have it wherever she wanted it. Sometimes she liked to swallow, sometimes she liked it on her face, and sometimes she'd finish me with a handjob that left my warm jizz all over her hand and the rest of it on my stomach. Handjobs are so under rated! Seeing a woman jerk a guy off to completion is high on my list of major turn ons! 

Christa was comfortable in her sexuality which I wasn't totally accustomed to, probably the result of spending a great many years dating women that were probably a little too young. She had an open and playful nature about her that I just loved and she was so relaxed during sex, no air of guilt or reservation. She just loved to give and receive pleasure, and in those early days I realized how long it had been since I'd connected so deeply and easily with a woman sexually. 

But to my surprise our relationship managed to remain somewhat casual. She was a busy woman who worked in the health industry and she had two kids from her previous marriage. She wasn't looking to get deeply involved with a guy, and I was okay with it. Our relationship was more sexually based and working wonderfully well becuase I knew what her ultimate fantasy was so it was a good thing. I had no reservations about letting another man fuck her!! 

Truth is, if I was really close to a woman and really loved her I wouldn't let another man touch her. The fact that our relationship was more sexually based is what made the threesome possible; it was meant to be. 

The Conversation:

Our relationship was rolling along nicely and even though the sex was still awesome it was undeniable that sa the months passed by the cruel hands of time were starting to taint our sex life. Regardless of how much chemistry might exist between two human beings the sex can and often does start to become routine and predictable; the magic fades just a little especially in a more sexually based relationship. 

I found myself thinking about this one night as Christa and I were laying in bed next to eachother after a nice erotic fuck session.

"So...." Christa began, "about the threesome..." 

We had discussed Christa's passion for having a MMF threesome many many times over the months. One night we had sat watching some of her favorite MMF pornos on her computer for which she had a special folder on her desktop titled, 'threesome faves' 

The truth is I had been a little hesitant to have another man fuck her so early on in the relationship while feelings were running so high, but the truth was now that the fires had cooled just a little I was starting to get very turned on at the thought of inviting another man to join us. 

"What about it??" I responded sarcastically. 

"I want one!!" she said. 

"....sweet, we're going bring another woman into the bedroom??" I teased. 

Christa laughed and playfully smacked me, "Nooooooo, you know what I want!!" 

"And what's that??" I asked, playing dumb. 

"I want to fuck you and another well hung stud at the same time!!" 

The conversation was a turn on, no doubt about it. 

"Wow, I didn't realize you thought I was either well hung or a stud." 

Christa laughed again and playfully touched me. 

"Well, you are and you know it!!" 

I looked down at the ridges of my washboard abs and my hard muscular body, something I've always been proud off. I've always worked out hard in the gym to build and maintain my physique and since Christa had been joining me in the gym as of late her body was coming along very nicely. She had dropped some extra pounds and added some very nice muscular definition to her body, particularly her legs and stomach. She was getting hotter and hotter! 

"You know, I'm surprised you've never done it, you know, fuck two guys!! How long have you had this fantasy??" I asked her. 

"Years and years buddy! You have no idea! Sometimes I sit in front of my computer for a good couple of hours and watch porn, only MMF porn! It's such a turn on to me to see a woman being fucked like that. I can only imagine what it's like to be the center of attention like that! For a woman to have to guys all to herself like that!! FUCK!! It's hot....." She continued: 

"A couple of years ago I ended up sitting in between two guys on a couch at a party and my pussy was so fucking wet!! I started making out with the one guy while the other guys hand was feeling up my leg!! I could have taken them both home but...." 

I remained silent listening to her intently. 

"....well, I was married at the time and something just stopped me. It just didn't feel right I guess." 

"I can understand that." I said. 

There was a comfortable pause of a few short moments before I spoke. 

"Well, you know I'd love to help you fulfill that fantasy babe! It's got to be the right guy though, you know? We have to have the right chemistry. I wouldn't just do it with any dude." 

Since Christa occasionally enjoyed anal I knew a double penetration would definitely be a part of any threesome experience we had. I had to admit I was still a little unsure about how comfortable I'd be getting so up close and personal with another guy. And would I really want to see another man fucking my woman??? How would I feel as another mans cock made it's way into my girlfriends ass while my cock was in her pussy?? Was I truly ready to feel that? Truly ready to feel the pressure of another mans dick as it makes it's way into the same womans body that my dick was in?? How would I feel when Christa exploded in orgasm on another mans cock and maybe even called out his name in pleasure!?!?
