 I know it has been awhile since Christa's last adventure, but I hope this one will make up for her being absent from your lives for so long. In this one Christa's new friend Jessica takes her to a gay/lesbian club. Please enjoy Chapter 3 with all my love.

"Bye Mom, Jessica and I are going out." Christa shouted as she ran out the door. She hugged her new friend and gave her a kiss. "I have to get changed, how long to the club?"

"About ten minutes, you're gonna love it!" Jessica replied with a huge grin.

Christa smiled back and took off her heavy sweater. Underneath she wore a leather halter top with peak-a-boo holes placed in strategic places. She removed her slacks and then pulled her leather mini skirt on. After fluffing her hair, she was done.

"We're here honey." Jessica said.

"I am so ready" Christa responded nervously. "There's a line!" she exclaimed with dismay.

"Don't worry, I know the owners and everyone that works here, I don't have to wait in a line." Jessica laughed.

The two beautiful young women walked to the bouncer, eliciting a few catcalls along the way from some of the women.

"Why are the women doing that Jess?"

"This is a gay club. Most people here are gay or lesbian, with a few bisexuals thrown in for flavor."

"Hmmm sounds like fun"

Jessica nodded, and smiled at the bouncer.

"Hey Nick, my girlfriend and I would like to come inside, would you mind letting us?" Jessica purred as she rubbed her lithe body against the bouncers' side.

"Not at all you little minx. You ladies have fun."

They proceeded down a dimly lit staircase, and then entered the even dimmer main room. Christa could just make out the people around her, just soon enough not to stumble into them. She looked around and saw brightly lit doorways located at precise intervals around the room. Jessica took her hand and led her to the second door on the right. 

After her eyes adjusted, she noticed a few chairs and couches spread around the room. In the middle of the room, there was an entwined couple on the bed. Christa looked closer and realized that they where both women. Her pussy juice ran down her legs as she listened to each woman moan. Jessica slanted a look her way and winked. Christa smiled back.

The two women on the bed had obviously been fucking for awhile because they had simultaneous orgasms and then they crawled off of the bed.

"Now," Jess said, "I'm going to show you something really HOT!"

Christa eagerly followed her into another room just across the way. This room was arranged like the last, except instead of women on the bed there where three men. Christa couldn't believe her eyes. This had always been her biggest fantasy and now, thanks to Jessica, it was coming true. Jessica motioned her to have a seat and then knelt between her legs.

"You watch the action and I'll please you."

Christa was more than happy to go along with this plan. Her eyes glued to the erotic scene before her, Jess leisurely licked and nibbled her clit.

The three men on the bed were all very handsome; it was hard to believe that they were gay or even bi. But the proof was the action on the bed. Christa gave them all nicknames so she could keep them straight in her future masturbation fantasies. 

There was Blondie, his nickname was a given.

Beer Can was another, because his cock was soo thick. Christa fervently hoped he was bi, she wanted that monster cock to stretch her young pussy to its limits.

And then there was Snake. He had a very long, slim cock; she wouldn't mind trying that one either. 

Blondie's cock was a mixture of the two, above average length and thickness. 

Now she concentrated on the action.

All three men were kissing; a three-way kiss that she knew was very erotic. Their hands were wandering all over each other. Blondie broke away from the kiss and nibbled his way down to Snake's cock. Christa was amazed to see that long cock quickly disappear down his throat. Even she could take some lessons from Blondie. Her thighs trembled as she neared her first orgasm of the night. She kept her eyes on Blondie as she squealed with pleasure. 

Jessica's ministrations eased up slightly to let Christa catch her breath and enjoy what came next.

Beer Can lubed up his monster rod and without warning shoved it deeply into Blondie's tight ass. He squealed around the mouthful of cock, but he was eventually moaning. Christa's moans joined his as Jessica shoved a few fingers into her tight snatch. She imagined that Beer Can was fucking her as furiously as he was Blondie. 

The chair she was sitting in was soaked with her juices and was soon doused again. Blondie and Beer Can came with her. Beer Can lounged on the bed and Snake took his turn in Blondie's ass. But she didn't watch them. She watched Beer Can. His cock was still hard and she wondered if he could go another round, but this time with her. She grabbed Jessica and whispered in her ear. 

Jessica smiled and walked over to Beer Can. He listened intently, looked at Christa and then beckoned her over. On trembling legs, she approached the bed. He took her hand and tugged her onto his chest.

"My name is Jake. How are you feeling tonight Christa?"

"Very horny. I loved you're performance. And I take it you're bi?"

He nodded and slid his hand down to her thighs. He slipped his finger into her pussy and smiled.

"You did enjoy it didn't you?" he asked.

Christa nodded.

"Do you wanna skip the preliminaries and just get straight to it?

"Ohh yes! I've had enough foreplay."

Jake smiled and placed her on her hands and knees. Without warning he shoved his monster cock into her tight twat all the way to the hilt. Christa screamed with pleasure.

"Ohh God!!! Yes!!! Fuck me!!!"

Jake pounded at her pussy with fierceness. He gripped her slim hips for better leverage and rammed harder.

Christa squealed with the force of her orgasm. That only made Jake fuck her harder and faster. She continued squealing as she continued having orgasms. Soon she was reduced to a hot, wet, pile of moaning female flesh.

"Ohh yeah, I'm gonna cum!" Jake groaned.

Christa had another massive orgasm as she felt his hot load shoot into her body. Jake collapsed on top of her as they both struggled to catch their breath. 

Dazedly, Christa looked around the room.

Jessica had managed to find a willing man to fuck her as she watched Christa get pounded.

Snake and Blondie were seated at the edge of the bed, sated; they had watched also.

There where a few other people in the room and Christa heard various comments from gay men and lesbian women about how, after what they had just witnessed, they might try sex partners of the opposite sex.

Christa smiled as she heard these comments. It had been hot she had to admit. She looked over at Jessica and gave her the thumbs up sign and a grateful smile. Jessica smiled back.

It wasn't until the early hours of dawn that the two girls finally left. Christa wasn't sure how many cocks and pussies she'd had, but she knew she was never going to forget this night as long as she lived.

Feedback is always appreciated and don't forget to read the first two Adventures. Please vote so I know how I'm doing. Thanks so much and I hope you enjoyed reading Chapter 3 as much as I enjoyed writing it!