 I am standing here in our kitchen making coffee dismayed as I remember last night. 

I had just completed my first major home improvement project yesterday afternoon. My wife had always wanted a greenhouse. I wanted a hot tub. We compromised, a greenhouse with a hot tub incorporated into the design. The greenhouse portion was completed three days earlier and my wife had been busy stocking it with her plants. I finished the hot tub deck and tile on Saturday afternoon. I must admit that the combination looked stunning. 

I had plans of "christening" the hot tub with a romantic evening for the two of us. Ah, the best laid plans of mice and men. We had finished dinner and I told Ann that I was going to check the water temperature and such. I carefully laid out the candles, wine and scented the area with the fragrance of flowers. Returning to the kitchen, I announced the tub was ready and suggested that we take advantage of it, with a wink and a smile. "Ok" I will be ready as soon as I shower" responded Ann. I offered to finish in the kitchen so she could get ready. 

Twenty minutes later I was in the tub waiting when Ann walked through the doorway. She smiled as she hung up her towel and robe and ascended the steps to the tub. 

"Nice" she said. She walked around the tub appearing to inspect the work. 

"Can I offer you a glass of wine?" I asked. 

"In a minute" she responded.

"Come on in the water is great." I said.

Dipping her toe in the water she said "Oh that is nice, ok"

I must admit that the view of her walking around the tub was very nice. Many might describe my wife as a Plain Jane but I beg to differ. She has legs that are outstanding and her other features are always hidden under baggy clothes. As I grabbed the bottle I looked at her and asked. "Now?"

"Umm humm" was her only response.

She slowly entered the tub sinking beneath the surface of the water. As she did her grin turned to a smile. 

She settled into one of the seats and I turned on the water jets. Ann said "Oh my" 

It was my turn to smile. I had modified the jet pattern and added several well-placed jets. Even wearing a suit I knew the "extra" jets were having the desired affect. We sat and just absorbed the heat drinking our wine for sometime. I was filling her glass for the third time when she sat up with a start. 

"Oh My" she said. "I hadn't realized that this could have this affect." 

"Is it bad?" I asked

"No just the opposite" she responded

"Well, What is the problem? I asked

She started to stammer "Well, I… You see I…. "

Just then Jamie and Fred came through the sliding glass door.

"Surprise" They shouted.

"Oh, now I see." I looked directly in to Ann's eyes. 

Fred smiled and waved and Jamie was talking a mile a minute as usually as they shed their clothes. I leaned over to Ann and asked "Why?"

"Well" she started "you know that a hot tub was never high on my list of fun things. And I didn't know that it could be sooo enjoyable." She waved and smiled to Jamie and Fred. "I just thought that I could have someone to talk to while you enjoyed yourself. I am sorry." 

Her smile could always melt away my anger. I was already thinking about our next session when I stated. "Well I guess I should get some drinks for our guests!" Fred smiled and said. "I got you covered. We brought a little something for the occasion," He hoisted two bottles of champagne in the air. Jamie had just turned around from hanging up her towel when I noticed what she was wearing. It was a two-piece suit with not much material to it. But it was hot pink in color. She smiled and waved the four long stem glasses she was holding. Ann was also wearing a two-piece suit and my mind was racing thinking how she would look in that color. 

Fred was first up the stairs and setting a bucket near the tub and dropping the two bottles into the ice. Jamie was close behind him. As Jamie chattered on about how the champagne was already cold and how this looked like fun and how she always wanted to try a hot tub. Fred entered the tub missing the step and falling directly at Ann who was sitting opposite where he entered. Ann seeing what was about to happen tried to rise and move but only made the situation worst. Instead of just splashing in to the center of the tub. Fred fell right in to Ann and in doing so managed to strip her of her top. 

After the water and the bodies calmed down. Jamie and I looked at Ann and Fred who's face was now planted between Ann's breasts. Fred pushed away realizing where he was only to have his knees slip away from him and have his head end up falling back toward Ann. Jamie started to laugh and Ann tried to move out of Fred's way only to have Fred land not between her breasts but directly on the left one. I was stunned and all that was happening seem to me to be in slow motion. 

Jamie was the first to speak. "Well, Fred if you wanted to have a look at Ann's tits your really should have asked first!" Fred having finally recovered moved quickly to a seated opposite Ann. Ann was trying to pull up her top with one hand and cover herself with the other. After we had determined that no one was hurt we all broke out in laughter. Ann finished fixing her top as Fred and I helped Jamie in to the tub. Jamie passed out the glasses and whispered something to Ann, which made her giggle. 


"Hon, turn those jets back on so Jamie can feel them. 

"Ok" I said "but for the best results she should be in this seat" and I pointed to the one opposite Ann. 

"Jamie change seats with Fred, you really need to try this." The tub isn't a large one and moving several bodies around involves a lot of body contact. After everyone had switched seats there was Ann, Fred, Jamie and I in a cozy little circle. I turn the controls for the jets on halfway and the power for the "bubbles" to halfway. The reaction on Jamie's face mirrored what Ann had gone through; Surprise, shock and amazement turning to delight, joy and contentment. Ann was already settling in to her seat and enjoying the "massage." Both women were sinking in to the molded seats, And slightly spreading their legs to accommodate the bubbles from those extra jets. For the next hour the four of us enjoyed the tub and drank. Ann asked for a refill when Fred found that we were out. We had consumed two bottles of champagne and one bottle of wine. 

With her Helen of Troy smile she asked me to get some more. Who could resist. 

I did have the presence of mind to exact a fee for my services. A kiss during which I tenderly caress one breast with my hand and cupped her mount with the other. I stood and turned to exit the tub when I felt two hands on my ass. Thinking that it was Ann I turned my head and smiled. Only to see Ann laughing and her two hands in front of her mouth. "Nice Ass" said Jamie. "Er, Thank you" I said. Fred laughed and started a conversation with Ann about something to which she giggled. 

I returned with several more bottles and announced a successful hunt. Ann and Jamie were crowded next to Fred. Fred looked at me and mouthed, "Help."

I put the bottles down and settled in to a seat. The ladies were holding their empty glasses out. "Now what have you two been up to while I was gone?"

"Who Us" they chimed with a devilish grin on their faces.

"There is a toll on this you know" I said looking from one to the other. Ann was the first to respond not with words but action. She slid next to me and gave me a kiss that would have melted an iceberg. In addition, her hand grabbed at my suit massaging my cock. By the time she finished I had a raging hard on. She pulled back. "Can I have some Sir?" she said. I filled her glass not evening thinking about Jamie. "Me too" I heard from my right. I looked at Jamie and smiled. I was just about to pour when Ann stopped me and said, "I had to pay so should she." Ann had slid back in to her seat and had her drink in her right hand and her left hand was under the water. I looked closer and saw that her arm extended toward Fred who had a grin on his face. 

I was shocked; my wife was giving Fred a hand job. It was only then that I noticed the trunks on the deck behind Fred. Still stunned, I said, " Right is Right, you have to pay the piper." Jamie slid next to me and I switch the bottle to my opposite hand. She leaned in to give me what I thought would be a smooch in payment for the wine. She landed a lip lock on me. I though she was trying to suck the filling out of my teeth when her tongue enter my mouth. This was at the same time her hand enter my trunks. Things were definitely heating up. With my free hand I reached around her back and found the strings to her top. Carefully I untied it. When she pulled back far enough to where I could see her face she smiled and said "Me too?" I filled her glass and waited. 

Looking at Fred I could see that he was enjoying himself. I offer him some wine. "Sure buddy, but I don't kiss as well as either Jamie or Ann." I laughed. "Nope, I don't want an kisses from you. You just have to come here to get it." I figured he would just lean forward and stretch. But Fred was never shy. He just stood up and presented his glass. Ann still had her hand on his cock and Jamie leaned forward and grabbed his cock also. "Oh my," stated Ann. "Looks yummy," stated Jamie. With a giggle both women leaned in and started kissing Fred's cock. Jamie put Fred's cock in her mouth. Ann had her hands on his balls. I watch this as I poured. Jamie pulled back and with her hand on Fred's cock offered it to Ann. Ann greedily mouthed Fred's cock. I stopped pouring and sat back. My wife had never indicated any desires for other men. I looked at Ann and then at Jamie. 

I grinned. Jamie's top had come off and was now on the bottom next to my foot. Fred was now having trouble standing and as he sat back down, I grabbed Jamie top and tossed it on the deck behind me. Ann's hands now found my hard on and she sat back spreading her legs to give the bubbles access. I saw her other hand extend to Fred. Lucky Fred I thought. Then Jamie's hand joined Ann's in my lap. 

I leaned over to Ann and whispered. "Am I the only one with bottoms on? I see your top but Jamie has already discarded hers and Fred's suit is on the deck." Ann looked at Jamie and giggled. "Jamie when did you remove your suit?" Ann asked. "Uh, what? Responded Jamie. "Well, those extra jets do have a better feeling on bare skin." I stated. 

Ann was stripping off her suit when Jamie final came to her senses. She and Fred just watched as Ann's bottoms came popping out of the water and flew over her head. "Whee" When Ann when for her top it was Jamie's turn to be shocked. "Ann what are you doing" said Jamie. "Well you have already lost your suit and the bubbles DO feel wonderful on bare skin." It was only then that Jamie had noticed that she was missing her top. She looked at Fred and he just shrugged his shoulder and said "Not me." When she looked at me she could see the hot pink cloth behind me. "Oh you rascal." I just smiled. "Ann your husband stole my top." Ann just looked at me and laughed as her top was flying over her shoulder. 

I reached back to the control panel and turned up the bubbles to max. From the look on Ann's face I knew she was enjoying the sensation. Jamie who had been sitting slightly forward also felt the new intensity. The way she was sitting the bubbles were directed more up her backside but were having near the same affect. Everyone was so loaded that maintaining concentration was difficult. Jamie slowly slid back in to the seat. Now it was Fred's turn to have his hands in the ladies laps adding to the experience of the bubbles. I was enjoying the view for the moment. 

I reach over towards Ann's lap caressing her knee and working my way up her thigh. Her head was back resting on the pillow and a grin was on her face. Half way up her thigh I felt a shutter go through her body. Jamie's knee was now touching mine so I reach out and did the same to her. Slowly working my hand up her thigh. When I reach the top I felt her suit. Fred had already undone the tie on one side. I reached up and pulled the string undoing the knot on my side. Fred and I had been alternating playing with Ann's clit and signaled Fred to do the same to Jamie. Jamie reacted by lifting up her ass, during which I pulled her suit free. Fred leaned over to Ann and kissed her deeply. I leaned over and whispered to Jamie that now I had the other part of her suit as well as I tossed it over my shoulder. 

She reacted by kissing me and guiding my hand to her mount. "You are full of surprises."

"Yep" I responded. "Do you have any more?" she said with a grin throwing her arms around my neck. I looked over at Ann to see her sitting on the edge and Fred's head buried between her legs. "Maybe, but I feel a little out of place. I am the only one with any clothes on."

"Well" Jamie said, "I can help you fix that! Stand up." I stood up and felt the booze hit me. I backed in to Fred and Ann gasped at the added pressure I had created. Jamie grabbed my hips and pulled my suit off. As fast as my suit went down my cock sprang up. "Hello" Jamie said right before she popped her mouth around my cock. 

The sensation was incredible. In one motion Jamie had taken my cock in and was up to my balls. I rocked back and forth to the pressure of Jamie's hands on my hips. Ann could give a fantastic blowjob but never had she deep throated me. Jamie was sliding back and forth in the seat getting excited by the jets. I reach over and turn up the last control increasing the pressure through the jets. At the sensation Jamie gasped. And sucked even harder. I could hear Ann's moans and knew she was close to another orgasm. Jamie felt like she was near one also. 

I pulled back and push Jamie back in to the seat. I knelt in the middle of the tub and leaned forward to caress Jamie's breast with my mouth. Teasing her nipple with my tongue and teeth. My hands went for her mount. I massaged her clit and inserted my fingers in to her vagina. She went crazy. She had been sitting on the jet and the bubbles had her at the edge. My massage threw her over. She bucked and thrashed. 

Over my shoulder I heard Ann saying "Now, Now, Fuck me, Now! Fred pulled Ann back in to the tub. He sat down and Ann sat on his lap. I had to move to make room for them and picked up Jamie. We stood in the tub kissing while the waves moved us back and forth. "Me too" she said "Me too" I sat across from Fred and turned Jamie so she could watch also. Jamie sat on my lap and the cock found its target immediately. Jamie bounced up and down moaning "Oh my, Oh yes! I could see Ann and watched her heave in rhythm with Jamie. Ann shuttered and slumped forward. 

Jamie continued her ride. Fred was not finished and soon started a slow bounce again. But soon the rhythm increase and he too stopped moving. Ann and Fred clung to each other while Jamie continued to bounce. After a long passionate kiss, Ann separated her self from Fred. Turning to Jamie she gave her a quick kiss and Ann said "He can go on like this for hours." This information was apparently too much for Jamie and she began to thrash wildly from side to side and up and down. Soon she too slumped backward. "Enough" I asked. "Never" was her response. 

I reach for her hips and started rocking. As we rocked I spread her legs getting my hands in position where I could massage her clit as we rocked. Soon she was moving faster and faster. Again she began to thrash again and this time when she slumped she slumped forward in to the arms of Fred and off my lap. We decided to call it a night. Looking at the clock I chuckled and said more like a morning. It was 3:30 AM. Ann suggested that Jamie and Fred crash in the guest room and go home tomorrow or later today. This was agreed on and Ann and I retired to our room after tucking in our guests. As soon as the door was shut I grabbed Ann and lifted her on to the bed. "You are a maniac," she giggled, "Take me" and I did. 

The next morning I was in the kitchen making coffee and getting breakfast ready when the three of them can strutting through with towels slung over their shoulders chanting Hot Tub, Hot Tub, Hot Tub. I shook my head and grabbed a tray for the cups and coffee. I just had to follow those three bare butts and see what was going to cum up next.