 Saturday morning

Bryon is already busy working on the greenhouse project. My husband and I argued for months over this project. I wanted a greenhouse and he wanted a hot tub. We finally came to an agreement when an acquaintance of his from school turned out to be an architect. Through his friend we designed a greenhouse with a hot tub incorporated in to one corner. Last year Mark's bonus was more than enough to sock away a tidy amount and afford the greenhouse, yes with a hot tub. I found myself trapped in to go along with the plan.

The Greenhouse was completed three days ago and looked even better that I imagined. Bryon was still working on the hot tub and planned to have it finished by today, thank god.  

Here's how it is. I am in hot water and I am hoping that the tub is my way out. Now, I never really liked hot tubs, mainly because they never really did any thing for me. I always felt like a chicken in a stew pot. But, I needed a way out of my predicament. So Jamie and I had been scheming for weeks on this plot. Today we implemented our plan!

You're going to love this. It all started back in February...

The plans were finalized and "ground breaking" for the greenhouse project was to begin in the spring. Shortly after this my attitude toward the project changed, drastically. This is a journal of what happen to change my mind.

Chapter 1 The Storm

You see it was about that time when I found myself caught in a terrible snowstorm, which was bad enough, but my husband Bryon was out of town and I was stuck with no idea of what to do next. My best friend Jamie was fortunately out that afternoon and drove up behind me in a vehicle much more equipped to handle the snow. We left my car sitting in the snow and drove to her house. When we got there she made some coffee and we sat and talked. She suggested that we let Fred her husband handle the problem. Fred showed up fifteen minutes later. 

Laughing at my situation he said, "Your not alone I saw a dozen or more cars stuck on my way home." Fred called a towing service and after twenty minutes came into the kitchen. "Well" he said "The best they can do is tomorrow morning."  

Jamie and I just looked at each other. Then I looked from Jamie to Fred. 

"Well who is the unlucky soul who will volunteer to drive me home?" 

"In this blizzard" Jamie said. "Have you looked outside in the last ten minutes?" 

I pulled back the drapes and looked out the sliding glass door in to the backyard. The snow had pile up significantly. "Oh Dear! I have to call Bryon he is flying in tonight." I punched in Bryon's cell number.

Hi Bryon. 

Hi Sweetheart, I'm glad you called!

We are in the middle of a blizzard here. 

So I have seen on the news. Are you all right?

I'm fine. Where are you? 

Still at the airport. All flights are cancelled.

No flights out? 

Nope, I am waiting for a room now.

My car got stuck at the bottom of that hill by the shopping mall. 

Oh? You ok? 

Oh yes, Jamie picked me up. The snow here is bad. 

Thank Jamie for me.

Fred called for a tow truck but it won't get there until tomorrow. 

Where are you two?

We are at her house, now. 

Well, stay warm and stay safe. 

Yes I will. 

Jamie saved you a long cold walk. They just called my name. I have to go. 

Ok dear, hurry before they give the room away. 

I love you.

I love you too, Hon." 

I will see you tomorrow hopefully. Bye!

Bye 

I hung up the phone. "Bryon had to run. They called his name for a hotel room. He is going to be stuck there at least over night."

Jamie smiled and hooked my arm. "Shall we make some dinner?" I smiled. "Bryon also said that I needed to thank you saving me from a long cold walk."

Jamie smiled. Together we started putting together dinner. I whipped up my special garlic mashed potatoes and Jamie not to be out done made Steak Diane. We were preparing a small feast. Fred just smiled as he came through the kitchen humming. When the dinner was nearly ready Fred opened the doors to the dining room. 

"Ta Da!" He had laid out the table in high style. "My contribution to this evening festivities." A bottle of champagne was chilling in an ice bucket. 

Jamie and I looked over the room settings. "Now Fred you know we are having Steak Diane." Jamie said. 

"Yep! the Champagne is for dessert. I have a very nice Cabernet Sauvignon to complement your lovely Steak." Fred leaned over grinning and kissed Jamie on the cheek. 

"Ooooh" Jamie giggled and bounced up and down. "Well Ann, since this is my house I will do the servicing! Be a dear and help Fred finish in here. I will be right back." I should have known something was up when she winked at Fred.

While we were preparing dinner Jamie and I discussed our men and how couples could fall in to a rut when it came to sex. Bryon was a great in bed but lately we seem to have fallen in to the same routine. It was always good but sometimes lacked a spark.

Chapter 2 Dinner

A couple of minutes later Jamie called from the kitchen. "All to the table! Fred pour the wine for us, please dear." 

Out from the kitchen strutted Jamie in a French maid outfit. Now it was my turn to laugh. The top had thin straps across the shoulders and short sleeves loosely attached with a black tight fitting blouse, white ruffles covering her breasts. The bottom was a very short skirt in black. Under the skirt Jamie was wearing white ruffled panties that showed just how short the skirt was.

"Jamie, where did you ever get that outfit?"

"Oh it is just a little something that Fred bought for me. Like it?" She twirled around. 

Fred sat there grinning.

"Fred, you devil." I said

"Oh he has that outfit too." Jamie laughed.

"Really!" I giggled. I looked over Jamie's outfit again. Sexy French Maid attire and the ruffled panties made the skirt ride up very high.

Jamie went around checking the dishes and serving. Each time she passed Fred he would grab for her waist. Finally, he snagged her pulling her into his lap. Jamie giggled and struggled a little. "Fred! We have a guest!"

"I'll grab her later." was his response as he kissed her. Jamie giggled some more and finally stood up again.

After Jamie got up from his lap she finished serving. Fred and I sipped our wine. 

Fred raised his glass, "To the chefs." 

We all drank. The remainder of the meal passed pleasantly with small talk between the three of us. As we drank and chatted Fred made sure that none of the wine glasses were ever near empty. When it was time for dessert Fred rose from the table and announced he had it covered. He opened, poured the champagne and disappeared into the kitchen. Jamie and I chatted about her outfit after Fred left. She told me how it was just one of the outfits she had and how she used them on occasion to add a little some to their sex life. 

Shortly Fred called from the kitchen. "Dessert will be served momentarily." My head was spinning from the dinner wine. I looked over and counted the empty bottles from dinner and realized that there were three sitting on the serving table. I sipped the champagne thinking I would go easy on it.

Chapter 3 Dessert

Fred emerged from the kitchen with a tray held high in his hand. He had changed into a cute Butler outfit that matched the daring of Jamie's outfit. He turned around slowly to give us a good look at the outfit. A short bolero jacket but with long thin tails in the back, no shirt but he did have a black bow tie on and a pair of briefs. I could feel a flush rising in my body. I looked at him as he walked across the room. My eyes were fixed to the bulge in his briefs. There was something strange about it as he walked his manhood seemed to move with each step he took, swaying slightly. Fred stopped next to me. I looked up at his face. Bending forward he lowered the tray so I could see what was on it. There were three plate of cheesecake smothered with strawberries. I looked at the tray and I realized over the tray I could see his penis in a pouch in the briefs that opened when he bend forward.

He just stood there grinning. "Cheese Cake Ann? Or is there something else you see that you would like? 

"CCCheese cake...." I responded. Fred bent forward even farther as he took one of the plates from the tray and uncontrollable I looked down. The briefs pouch on the front opened farther when he bent forward to put the dish in front on me. I continued to stare at his penis inches away from my face. After He put the plate in front of me he turned and walked over to Jamie. I looked at her face and saw her giggling. Fred server her but as he bend forward Jamie grab his collar and pulled his face to hers. They kissed and her hand covered his bulge. I felt another flush rising. I grabbed my Champagne glass and drained it, hoping to dose the fire that was growing inside of me. I could feel my ears turning red from the wine and the "view."

During dessert I had little to say. Jamie started the conversation. "Haven't you and Bryon ever dressed up for each other?" 

"Or, dressed down" Fred chuckled. I had just finished my dessert and my third or fourth glass of champagne. 

"No, not really! We have worked with some things, scarves and such, but not to this extent."

"Well if it makes you uncomfortable I can change." Offered Fred. 

"No!" I squeaked out. Thinking to myself, now why did I say that?

Chapter 4 Snared

Jamie laughed. "Come on Ann we'll clean up and Fred can start a fire. Off with you my little torch." 

Fred rose from his seat and bowed with his hands on his stomach and back, thereby exposing himself again to both of us. I blushed but could not look away.

Jamie and I made short work of the dishes and talked as we loaded the dishwasher. 

"You really should try this. It can be so much fun." My mind was on Fred's pouch. 

"Huh, what did you say?" 

"Dressing up or as Fred calls it dressing down." Jamie giggled. 

"It looks like fun." I added. "Do you do it often?" 

"Sometimes, if Fred goes out of town he might bring back a new outfit... or two." I stop and stared at Jamie "How many do you have?" 

"Well I am not sure anymore maybe ten or twelve. I do have my favorites."

"Wow, that is a lot, are they all as fancy as this one?" 

"Oh no some of them are quite small." She giggled. 

I could feel the warmth starting again inside of me thinking about Fred's outfit and Fred in it. 

"Actually this is not the way this one really looks." She had my curiosity.

"Really?" 

"Come on! We are done here. I will show you some of the others and what this one is suppose to look like. Fred," She called into the house. "We will be down in a couple of minutes." 

We headed up the back steps. On the way up to the bedroom Jamie continued, "Sometimes we go away for a weekend with some of our favorite character in a suitcase."

In the Master bedroom Jamie reached in to the closet and produced a large box and a bag. She started to take out a variety of bags out of the box. Each had a picture on it of a woman in a costume. 

"Here, spread them out on the bed and have a look." Jamie said. I was unloaded the box examining each picture closely, some were very small indeed. Some were more elaborate like the one Jamie was wearing but had little or no covering on the breasts. Jamie handed me another box interrupting my thoughts.

"Take a look at these." 

I opened the box and started pulling out the bags. These were men's wear. As I examined each bag I was aware of a growing warmth in me. I absently sipped on my champagne. Again, Jamie interrupted my thoughts, or fantasies. 

"This is what this outfit really looks like." 

I turned around and looked at Jamie. The maid's outfit was now devoid of the material covering her breasts and I could just make out a push up bra with no front. It accented her bust line nicely. 

"Interesting, hey wot! Under the skirt it isn't meant to have those ruffled panties either." She lifted her skirt, which was very short to begin with and twirling around. The panties were strands of material exposing most of her front and back. "It makes me feel sexy." 

"So I see." I giggled. She came over to the bed and started going through Fred's outfits describing how he looked in each and which ones were her favorites and why. That warmth in my body continued to grow. I finished my champagne in one gulp. 

Chapter 5 The Show

"Come on Fred will be wondering what happen to us." 

We left all the costumes on the bed. Jamie grabbed my hand and we skipped out of the room and bounded down the stairs. My head was spinning from all the wine and champagne as we entered the den.

Fred was sitting on the couch opposite the TV and there was a roaring fire in the fireplace. The TV was on when we entered but I didn't notice what was on it. Fred looked at Jamie and smiled.

"Now that is much better." Fred said.

Jamie let go of my hand and curtsied. "Thank you, Sir!" She walked over to Fred and bend over in front of him. "Can I get any thing for you, Sir?" Fred handed her his glass. 

Jamie went to the bar and I walked over to the loveseat next to the couch and plopped down. Jamie returned and handed Fred his glass. "Your drink, Sir!" Turning to me she bowed and asked if I would like something. 

I realized quickly that the bow was not for my benefit but to expose her backside to Fred. The wine and champagne had me very uninhibited. 

I looked at Jamie giggling and said. "Sorry, doesn't do any thing for me." With that we both giggled. Jamie looked over her shoulder at Fred and giggled harder. 

Fred rose from his seat and pushed Jamie aside with a side bump of his hips. Bending forward with his hand on his stomach he asked, "Can I get something for the Lovely Lady?" 

Jamie had moved behind Fred and wrapped her hands around his waist. pHer hands playing with Fred's penis through the material. I stared as it started to grow. 

I stared and stammered. "Sure, why not." 

Fred stood up and leaned back turning his head to give Jamie a kiss. "Excuse me, I have to get the Lovely Lady a drink." Jamie's hands let go but the results of her massage were clearly evident. Fred's penis was now protruding out of the pouch.

Jamie sat down on the couch, "Ann and I were upstairs looking at our outfits." "See any thing interesting?" Fred said from behind the bar. 

I looked at Jamie. She smiled and pointed at me. 

"Some" I said. I turned and Fred was now standing next to my knee. 

"Your drink, Madam." He bend down and presented it to me. 

I giggled and looked at his penis. "Very nice, thank you." 

"My pleasure." he responded. He walked over to Jamie and bowed and handed her a glass. This was the first time I noticed his backside. The tails of the coat had split apart and when he bent it showed the briefs were thongs. My flush was now in full bloom again.

I looked away across to the TV, straight at two men servicing one woman. It was a porn movie. I was mesmerized. The woman was being taken doggy style while giving the other man a blowjob. The size of each man was incredible. I felt the fire between my legs rising. 

Fred said "Oh I'm sorry. I was just keeping myself occupied while I was waiting for you two." The TV flicked off. "Let me put some music on." 

"Oh Poo!" Exclaimed Jamie. "The best part was just coming up." 

"Later Hon!" Fred said and smiled.

Jamie crossed her arms in from of her and pursed her lips in a pout. As Fred put on the music Jamie's pout turned to a devilish grin. "A show! We want a show!" Exclaimed Jamie clapping her hands and bouncing on the couch. 

Fred turned around. "WE?" 

Jamie bounded up and leaped at me. Plopping down next to me she whispering in my ear. "We can get Fred to model his outfits for us." Her arms were both wrapped around my arm. The way she said it she was half asking and half begging. 

"Ok" I squeaked. 

"What was that?" Fred asked. 

I looked defiantly at Fred. "Yes, WE want a show." I said proudly mimicking Jamie. 

Jamie bounced in her seat clapping "Your outfits are on the bed upstairs." 

"Well then, I'll be right back." Fred left the room and Jamie and I talked. 

"Now, you judge and tell me which one you like and I will describe the "features" of each and tell you if Fred alters any of them." Jamie was bubbling and rubbing her hands together. I gulped at my drink. Fred returned shortly wearing a light robe. He walked into the center of the room and started moving with the music.

Chapter 6 Fred On Display

His robe slipped from his shoulders exposing a caveman outfit. The tiger skin barely covered his chest and had a flap that hung in front of him. He produced a club and approach us hunched over stopping just in front of Jamie. Still swaying to the music I could see a new pouch under the outfit as he swayed. Jamie reached for the flap covering Fred's crotch and my hand started to move involuntarily to the cloth. We giggled and looked at each other then at Fred as Jamie lifted the flap. Jamie frowned. "That isn't suppose to be there," exclaimed Jamie. 

Fred's hands slapped hers. "I didn't want to shock our guest." 

I giggled and Jamie looked at Fred. "I told Ann what to expect."

With that Fred turn and strutted out of the room. "More to come Ladies." 

The back of the outfit had a short flap show off most of his butt. Half way across the room Fred stopped spread his legs and bent forward. 

Jamie and I clapped and cheered. "More, More!" We cried. 

Fred put his hands on the floor and moved out of the room in that position.

I finished my drink in one last gulp. My head was swimming. In what I thought was just a moment Fred reentered the room, this time wearing a headdress of feathers, a loincloth and carrying a bow and arrow. 

I leaned over to Jamie and said. "Cute, but the loincloth is a bit big." Jamie giggled. Fred again approached us. This time standing directly in front of me. Pointing the bow and arrow at me, I saw that the tip of the arrow was in the shape of a small penis.

"Functional too!" he said. Fred dropped the arrow in my lap and I felt it vibrate. I jumped startled by the movement. The arrow wedged between my legs. "Ummm" escaped from my lips. 

When Fred leaned forward to grab the arrow in my lap Jamie had leaned forward and grabbing under the loincloth and smiled. I looked at the arrow and then at Fred. 

"I see that you two need some more drinks. Intermission Ladies!" Fred pulled away leaving the arrow vibrating in my lap. Walking to the bar I stared at his ass. The back of the costume was smaller than the front. 

"It is reversible." Jamie said. "Most of the time he wears it with that as the front."

I had forgotten about the arrow in my lap but my body had not. I was hot and began to squirm. Fred returned with our drinks. I had been looking at the ceiling. Fred handed us our drinks and I looked at him. My eyes going down his body to his waist. The loincloth had been turned around. The small patch of cloth was not big enough to cover much, the top of his penis hung below the cloth. 

"I believe this is mine." Fred said reaching for the arrow. As he reached for the arrow I shuttered. The tip of the arrow was still in my crotch vibrating. Fred moved the tip slightly up and then down. "You twist the feathers to control the vibrator." He twisted the shaft and I shuttered again.

Jamie was playing with Fred as he was showing off. 

"The Show must go on," he said pulling way. 

He grasped the arrow to pull it out from between my legs. Another shutter coarse through my body. 

"Oh God I am Hot!" I thought. 

Fred handed the arrow to Jamie. 

"Interesting prop." I said. 
