 Matt decides to be brave and slowly opens the door to see what treasures it is keeping from him. As he opens it, his jaw drops and his eyes pop out as he sees two very attractive women on a bed pleasuring each other. He watches as a tall brunette who he recognizes as Layla is on top of an equally hot woman with shorter brown hair, whom he recognizes as Lisa. Layla is driving one end of a very long, thick double dildo in and out of Lisa's pussy; Matt watches as he sees the pussy lips on both girls open and close around each end of the dildo; moans of great pleasure coming from both of them. 

Matt decides to stick around and watch yet another great live show and closes the door behind him. Unfortunately it slips from his hand and closes a little harder than he intended it to do. This causes Layla to open her eyes and look at him. He immediately tenses up afraid of what might happen next. Much to his surprise, Layla just smiles at him and waves him over with her head. He does not hesitate and quickly comes up behind her. Once there he stands behind Layla's lightly trembling body and wraps his arms around her. He takes each one of her D-sized breasts into his hands and gently begins to massage them. Layla turns her head back towards Matt and plants a sensual kiss on his lips. She then goes back to pounding herself on the thick dildo which she shares with her sister Lisa. All the while Matt's cock is rising to the occasion in his jeans. 

Chapter 8

Matt gives Layla's bountiful breasts one last touch and slowly retreats to a chair in the room. He grabs that chair and pulls it up along side the bed being occupied by these two beautiful women. He sits down and takes in the perfect view of Layla pounding her swollen pussy around the double dildo that is inside it and on the other end he watches Lisa's equally swollen pussy being stretched around the dildo like lips around a cock. The sounds and smells of female sex fill the room, setting all of Matt's senses on fire. 

Matt's thick cock has almost reached its full potential under his tight jeans. He reaches down and undoes his zipper and button. He spreads open his jeans and his throbbing cock snaps out into the room at attention. He then pulls his jeans completely off and discards them on the floor. He proceeds to grab a strong hold onto his pole and slowly begins to slide it up and down its full length. 

Suddenly he hears a long, drawn out moan from Lisa, "Ohhhhhhhhhh, that feels so damn good, give me more Layla, please give me more! Pound my sweet pussy harder, Ohhhhhh, Yea!"

Layla responds, "You like this, don't you, my little slut, don't you? You want more, I'll give you more!" 

And Layla does just that as she pounds harder and harder into Lisa's tight little pussy. During this, Lisa has looked over and discovered Matt's presence in the room. She smiles at him as she sees his thick cock being pleasured in his strong hand. She motions with her head for him to come closer as more sweet moans escape her soft lips. 

Matt slowly gets onto the bed and sits up next to Lisa's sexually influenced face. Lisa turns towards him and opens her mouth; Matt does not hesitate with this invitation; he slowly pushes his pulsating cock towards her sweet lips and she begins to lick it softly. She licks it more and more as moans and screams of pleasure interrupt her sweet touch on Matt's cock. She begins to take more of what Matt is offering her into her warm mouth, until she has every inch.

Matt lets a long moan escape his lips as Lisa's mouth has finally engulfed all of him, "Ohhhhhhhhh, Lisa that feels so damn good, Ohhhhhhhhh!"

Lisa slowly begins to suck on Matt's massive organ, increasing her intensity on it as time passes. Moans and screams of multiple pleasures fill the room as all three participants get closer to the moments of sweet release. 

Layla and Lisa continue to drive their shared dildo in and out of each other's pussies, harder and harder. Their engorged pussy lips opening and closing around the thick toy as it passes in and out of their very centers. The bed below them soaked with their combined liquids as they flow down the length of their pussies and drip off of the toy which is causing great powerful waves of pleasure to surge through their young bodies.

Lisa still sucking on Matt's throbbing rod as it passes in and out of her soft lips, feeling it hit the back of her throat with each of Matt's thrusts, licking the underside of it and playing with his testicles, bringing him ever closer to filling her mouth with his seed. Matt slowly bends over and gently takes Lisa's left breast into his mouth. He gently licks and sucks on her nipple, bringing it to full attention. This brings an even bigger smile to her face as she feels electric waves of pleasure rock her body from every angle. Matt intensifies his attack on Lisa's sensitive nipple and breast as she slides her lips and tongue over his throbbing rod. 

Layla screams out, "I cannot take anymore; I am going to cum all over this fucking toy! You ready for me, Lisa?"

Lisa nods her head in agreement as she feels Matt tense up inside of her mouth. Then she hears Matt scream out, "Ohhhhhhhhh, baby, here it comes, pucker up for daddy!"

And with that Matt pushses himself all the way into Lisa's mouth and unloads his first load into it. As Lisa feels the first shot hit the back of her throat, she swallows quickly in anticipation of the next. Load after load shoots out of Matt's pulsating cock and right down Lisa's soft throat. She smiles as she feels his sweet, hot cum slide down her throat as if nectar from the sweetest flower. Matt slows down as he runs out of ammo and Lisa then grabs a hold of the head of his rod and sucks it hard trying to get one last drop and she does. As she sucks him dry she is pleasantly rewarded with one last load of Matt's sweet tasting liquid. She savors it on her tongue, swirling it around the head of his cock and finally with a soft motion she sends it down her throat. Matt then pulls his cock out of Lisa's tight hold and collapses on the chair where he began, exhausted with satisfaction. 

Just as Matt falls back into the chair, Layla shoves herself down on the dildo, filling herself to the brink. At the same time, she pushes the other end of the toy deep into Lisa's pulsating pussy and it gladly accepts its fullness. 

Layla then reaches up and grabs a hold of her bountiful breasts and pulls hard on her rock-hard nipples. This sends her over the edge; she screams out in pleasure as wave after wave of earth-shattering orgasms rock her body. Her nectar pours out of her pussy and all over the toy, creating a puddle of love underneath her. Just as she slowly starts to come down from her powerful, multiple-minute orgasms, she hears Lisa scream out. 

Lisa lets out a loud scream that shakes the walls of the room, "Ohhhhhhhhhhh, yes, yes, yes, that is it, give to me baby, give it to me, ohhhhhhhhhhhhh fuck yes!" "More, more, more!"

Lisa's body shakes violently underneath Layla as she begins to squirm all over the bed. Electric waves of pure ecstasy go through her body like a bullet train. She screams again and again as another powerful orgasm surges through her. She feels them begin at her pussy and travel out in all directions to every nerve ending in her body. 

By this point, Layla has backed off of the shared dildo and from on top of her sorority sister. She watches in satisfaction as Lisa's body thrashes about on the bed. Lisa feels the last huge wave of pleasure surge through her body followed by mini waves of pleasure as she now slides the dildo in and out of her soaking wet pussy. 

Layla sees that Lisa is starting to return to earth and decides that this cannot be allowed. She reaches over to the dresser and opens the drawer; she removes a 9" metal vibrator. Then quickly removing the dildo from her sister's already abused pussy, she shoves the metal vibrator deep inside Lisa's tunnel. She turns it to full power and begins ramming it in and out of her friend's dripping wet love box. Layla watches as Lisa's thick lips spread around it, welcoming it in and then collapsing around the metal toy as it slides out, not wanting to let it go. 

Suddenly Lisa's eyes shoot open as she feels the wild vibrations of the metal joy-toy shoved into her. She sees Layla just smile back down at her as she shoves the vibrator deeper into her friend's hole. Layla pushes it deeper and deeper into Lisa's very center and the moans that had once left Lisa's soft lips begin to return to them.

Ohhhhhhhhh, Layla that feels so good, you are such a bitch for doing this to me, but give me more! Ohhhhhhhhhhhh, yes, yes, yes, fuck yes!"

Layla pushes the vibrator as deep as it can go and leaves it there sending its pleasure creating power throughout Lisa's young body. She then begins to slowly slide it out of Lisa's bright red pussy watching as her thick lips try their best to not let it go. Layla slides it in again and out and in and out and in until Lisa has gone from moans to screams.

Yes, yes, yes! Give to me hard, harder, harder! Ohhhhhhhhhh, Layla you are too good to me, suck on my clit, please and suck it real good! I want to cum like I have never cum before!"

So that is exactly what Layla does; she slowly lowers her sweet lips to Lisa's throbbing, red trigger. Layla pulls Lisa's thick pussy lips apart with her tongue and dives in at full force. She begins by slowly and teasingly licking Lisa's hyper-sensitive clit up and down, not leaving even a centimeter untouched. 

She then increases the speed and intensity of her tongue work as she goes from top to bottom on Lisa's protruding pleasure trigger. She adds a side to side motion and eventually begins to make slow circles on Lisa's thick button. All this time Layla is still driving the full 9" length of the vibrator in and out of Lisa's soaking wet pussy. 

Lisa's screams increase once again as Layla adds more pressure to the sweet circles that she is making on Lisa's throbbing clit. Layla decides that she has abused her sorority sister long enough and that she has earned her reward. 

Layla gives Lisa's pulsating pussy a few more hard strikes with the metal toy as her warm liquid continues to flow from it with each stroke of the toy in and out of her. Layla then pushes her sexy lips deeper into Lisa's womanhood and bites down softly onto her throbbing love button and this sends Lisa over the edge for the second time in a matter of minutes. 

Layla feels Lisa's whole body tense up as she lifts her self off of the bed and then screams as her eyes shoot open; "Ohhhhhhhhhhh, Layla, ohhhhhhhhhh Layla, I am cummmminnnngggg, ohhhhhhhhhhhh, fuck yes! Yes! Yes! Make me cum more, please more!"

As these screams begin to spill out of Lisa's sexy lips, she feels waves upon waves of pleasure surge throughout her whole body. From her toes to her head, her whole body is on fire as one earth-shattering orgasam takes hold of her body after another and another. She continues to moan and scream under Layla's touch as her body thrashes about on the bed with each new orgasm that hits. 

This feels so fucking good Layla, Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh, yes! Yes! Yes! You are my pleasure bitch and I love you! Give me more, pleassssseeeee!"

Layla continues pounding away at Lisa's exploding hole as she sucks, licks and bites on Lisa's throbbing clit as if she were getting juice from an orange. Layla continues this all out pleasure assault on Lisa until she feels her body calming down and then she goes back to slow gentle licks on her pulsating button and slow strokes of the metal vibrator in and out of Lisa's now drenched pussy and thick, red lips. 

Lisa begins to feel her body come down from the heights of pure pleasure and excitement that Layla has given her. Her screams become almost silent and her body thrashes less as she feels the last few surges of satisfaction soar through her body and come to rest at the very center of her pleasure; her abused and pulsating hole. 

Just as Layla feels Lisa's body almost completely calm and sees a sweet smile of bliss come over her sweet lips, she bends down and takes one last nibble on Lisa's throbbing trigger and sends her into one last powerful orgasm. 

She watches as Lisa's pussy explodes one last time around the toy and a huge powerful flood of liquid comes squirting out of Lisa's sore pussy with Lisa screaming, "You bitch, you bitch, you knew I was done and now this, ohhhhhhhhhhh, fuck yes! Yes! You are damn good!"

Finally after watching Lisa thoroughly soak the bed with her liquid love, Layla sits up next to her and watches as that familiar smile of total satisfaction and bliss overtakes her face. Lisa slowly closes her eyes and basks in the sweet torture that Layla has put her through. 

During this pleasure session that Layla has put Lisa through, Matt has come out of his state of satisfaction and the girls have regained his full attention. His throbbing, rock-hard dick rests in his hand as he slides down its full length and back up again slowly; taking in all that is around him and before him. He looks over to the bed as Lisa comes down from Layla's final blow of satisfaction and smiles to himself now knowing that Layla and her sweet pussy could be his for the taking. 

Matt looks over in Layla's direction and winks at her, she winks back at him as she sees a wicked smile overcome his face. He then licks his lips and motions with his hand for Layla to join him on the other bed in the room. 

As they meet at the bed they embrace each other and immediately kisses are planted on the other's lips. Tongues intertwine, lips are licked and their hands roam over each other's hot bodies. Layla finds Matt's throbbing cock and she begins to rub the head inside her thick pussy lips. 

And as Matt's hands begin to massage Layla's heaving mounds he whispers in her ear; "You are so fucking wet and my dick feels so good running up and down the length of your warm lips." 

And with those words spoken, Layla slowly pushes Matt down onto the bed; he looks up at her as she stands over him. Her D's shimmering with sweat and her shaven pussy, looking right back him. She smiles at him as she turns and slowly lowers her sweet tasting mound onto his face. He immediately sticks his tongue out and parts her soft, thick lips until he touches her very sensitive, pink clit. 

Layla lets out a long moan as she feels Matt's tongue touch her throbbing button. She reaches up and begins to massage her bountiful breasts as Matt's tongue begins to explore all that her sensitive clit has to offer. Matt slowly licks up and down the full length of her love trigger and then licks it side to side. He adds more pressure to Layla's center as he hears the moans from her soft lips increase in their intensity. 

Just as Matt begins making figure-eights on Layla's pulsating button, she bends over and begins kissing the head of his throbbing pole. Layla then slowly begins to lick the purple head sending shivers up and down Matt's spine. After some more licking she slowly takes it into her warm mouth and teases Matt as she puts more in and then takes it out again, only to take in even more. This is driving Matt nuts as every nerve in his body is waking up from Layla's touch.

Matt lightly bites Layla's engorged clit and this sends her moans of pleasure into screams of pleasure as she has to pull off of his thick pole. After a few more screams and light bites from Matt, Layla bends over again and takes all of Matt's girth into her mouth and a slow muffled moan leaves his lips in between his licks of Layla's sweet tasting clit.

Matt and Layla continue sucking, licking and biting each other as their moans and screams of sexual pleasure fill the room. Then suddenly, Matt feels Layla press her sweet center hard down onto his mouth as she lets go of his rigid pole and screams out, "Ohhhhhhhhhhh, Matt I am going to cum so hard, please do not stop! Give me more, more, more! Yesssssssssssssss!"

So with those words out, Matt quickens his pace on Layla's throbbing clit, making small circles in between little nibbles that send Layla ever closer to sweet release. 

Just as Matt bites down on Layla's pleasure button once again, she reaches up and grabs her nipples hard and begins to twist them lightly. Matt feels her whole body tense up above him and then all her weight falls on him as she reaches the point of no return and screams out, "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh, here it comes, ohhhhhhhhhh yesssssssss, make me cum Matt, make me cum! Ohhhhhhhhhh fuck yes! I'm cumming, I'm cumming! Ohhhhhhhhhh yesssssssssss!"

Layla begins rocking her body on top of Matt's face and he feels his mouth begin to fill with Layla's sweet nectar as wave upon wave of orgasm rocks her body and ends in Matt's mouth. 

Slowly Layla begins to come down from her Matt induced high and decides it is time to take this situation over once again. 

Matt was swallowing every ounce of sweet juice that poured out of Layla's sweet tasting pussy when he suddenly felt her raise herself off of his face and turn her body above him. As he continued to watch her move she positioned her over-worked opening over Matt's pulsating, rock-hard pole and slowly she begins to slide her drenched pussy over the full length of his manhood. 

They both screamed out in pleasure as Matt's thick dick is swallowed up by Layla's thick pussy lips. She keeps moving down his full length until she can take no more. Matt has filled her up with more to spare on his part. Layla just lies on top of Matt enjoying this feeling of complete fullness. Her eyes roll back into her head and she closes them as a soft moan leaves her lips. Matt just smiles up at her, feeling his dick being surrounded by her soft, warm tunnel of lovemaking. 

Slowly Layla opens her eyes and smiles back down at Matt as she begins to pull away from his athletic body. She slowly slides his tool from her center and then slowly comes back down onto it with a slow extended female moan filling the room. She continues this pattern of sliding up and down the length of Matt's pole as it slides up into her and fills her to capacity to only feel it leave her and fill her again. 

Matt reaches up and begins to play with her full D breasts as Layla begins to get into a rhythm. Matt lightly twists her taut nipples while massaging her breasts as if they were gifts from the Gods. 

Both Matt and Layla fill the room with their sweet sounds of sexual enjoyment. "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh, Matt you are so big and thick! I have never been filled this much before! It feels so damn good, my whole body is on fire." 

"So you like my thick dick, do you? I knew you would. Ohhhhhhhhhhh, Layla please do not stop, your pussy feels so good sliding up and down my shaft! You are so damn wet and I can still taste you in my mouth. Please ride me harder, I want to feel your love run down my shaft."

"So you want it harder, Matt? Well you got it!"

And with that Layla picks up the pace and before long, she is riding Matt's thick dick like a champion bull rider; sliding her soaking wet pussy up and down its length. Screams of pleasure are filling the room as both Matt and Layla near the point of no return. 

Meanwhile, Lisa has finally returned back to reality after her thorough pleasure fest from Layla. She looks over to the other bed and sees Layla riding Matt's dick and smiles to herself. She watches some more as she finds her hand has a mind of its own. Her hand has moved down between her now open legs as she begins to rub her abused, sensitive clit. She rubs it up and down softly and slowly. 

All of a sudden she hears Layla scream out, "Matt we need to switch I can not do this anymore!" 

Layla then collapses down on top of Matt's body; both of them breathing heavily. After they catch their breath some, Layla slowly gets off of Matt and he gets up from the bed. They both see Lisa on the bed next to them, she has three fingers slowly sliding in and out of her shaven pussy and they smile at her.
