 Christina looked up at the clock. 4:30 seemed like it would never arrive. She could feel the wetness between her thighs. Since her lover's cell phone call just before lunch, she had been drenched. As well, her nipples had been rock hard, to the point of aching for attention. Doc had teased her on the phone, telling her he had a surprise for her tonight after work, and that He would pick her up at 4:30. He had also given her some very specific instructions to follow. She could still hear his voice in her mind, recalling their cell phone conversation.

"How's my cum slut? It's almost your lunch time isn't it?" Doc was brief in his initial inquiry, knowing his tease would soon follow. 

"I'm missing you. Other than that, the day has been going by slowly." Christina immediately began to fidget as she answered her lover.

"Missing me? Are you wet? Can you still feel my cum in your inside you?" Doc wickedly began his tease. 

"Yes, I miss you. Yes, I'm very wet. All I have to do is think of you and I get wet. And yes, I can still feel your sweet cum in my ... in my ... in my ass. I want more!" Christina really began to squirm in her chair as her wetness began to really grow, but she had to look around before she could truthfully answer him.

"Well, my sweet sexy cum slut. Follow my instructions, and you'll get just what you're wanting. In fact, I have something special in mind for you right after work. You are going to cum like never before. But you have to do something to earn it. Think you can follow some simple instructions to earn your surprise?" Doc knew she would want anything he offered her, especially the temptation of a special surprise. 

"A surprise? I love your surprises. I know I can follow your instructions whatever they might be. I want you to be proud of me and to earn my surprise." Christina's reply was bordering on being ecstatic. 

Their conversation may have been brief, but she knew that whatever Doc had in mind for her, it would be erotic and extremely pleasurable. The thought of something special and the memory of his lustful voice in her head made her pussy begin to really flow and caused her nipples to stand out like pencil erasers. Following those instructions had only added to her wetness and the hardness of her nipples. 

On the phone, Doc had told her to look in her purse and find the velvet bag he had hidden there this morning. As she was on the phone with him, she opened her purse and saw the deep red velvet bag. While he taunted her, she had opened the bag and blushed. She was so taken aback, she had to set the cell phone down as she looked around to make sure no one could see or hear what was happening. 

After gaining her senses and looking around, she continued with Doc again. Once she did, he had her open the velvet bag. Opening it and looking inside caused an immediate wave of erotic heat to over take her senses. She knew she must be almost crimson from the chest up. Her pulse quickened as she saw the new anal plug her lover had brought to her last night - and a small tube of lube.

The anal plug was bigger than the one he had previously used on her, not by a lot, but it did open her ass more than ever before. As it sure did last night. And the way that the base flared, the shape locked it tightly in her ass. She knew as he had inserted it over and over just last night. Her mind raced with images of last night. This thought process just added to her lust, her wetness and the hardness of her nipples - and caused a return of that special yearning in her pussy and a burning desire in her ass.

Last night, he had turned her over his lap so his cock pressed against her belly just above her clit. She could feel the heat of his cock and the thick pre-cum as it slid against her. His pre-cum became even heavier as he began to softly massage her ass cheeks. With constant pressure, he had worked her legs further and further apart, stopping only occasionally to slide his hand down to her pussy to see just how wet she had become - and she had became VERY wet. 

She knew when she felt to coolness of the lube being applied to the winking opening of her ass, that he had plans for her. That's when she felt the tip of the new anal plug begin to press into her - slowly - teasingly. He had intentionally teased her, not slipping it in, but just applying a little pressure against her anxious opening. For almost 30 minutes he had teased her, his left arm holding her down tightly across his lap, the constant circling of the tip at her winking ass driving her ass crazy, building her lust higher and higher. That is until she pushed her ass back and tried to force the plug into her. When she did, she felt his hand swiftly and firmly come down on her right ass check, then down on the left, then again on the right, and again on the left. Her spanking lasted 10 swats on each cheek, and then she felt his hand roughly massaging her wetness around her pussy and clit. And just as roughly, she felt him push the new anal plug completely into her ass.

At first, the sudden pressure caused her to gasp. Even though the swift invasion caused an immediate burning sensation, it almost just as quickly turned to raw lust. Her hips bucked back as if wanting more. But instead of more anal play, she received another 5 swats on each cheek. Then instead of reaching for her wetness, Doc pulled the plug from her and slammed it back in - over and over and over. He had begun fucking her ass with the anal plug. She was pushing back with each stroke, and as her hips came down, her clit tried to grind down on her lover's cock. She began to cum hard as Doc fucked her ass with the anal plug. As her cum began to subside, Doc laid her over the end of the bed and spread her legs further. He worked the anal plug in her ass, twisting it, playing with it, and suddenly pulled it completely free of her ass. The sudden "POP" echoed about the bedroom. The emptiness she felt inside her ass was immediately replaced with the fullness of her lover's cock. In one hard stroke, he had plunged his cock deep into her ass until his balls were resting against her drenched pussy and clit. 

Doc reached for each of her hands and placed them on her crimson ass cheeks. She knew to spread them for him. And as she did, he grabbed her hair causing her back to arch. His cock then began an unmerciful pounding in and out of her ass. She felt the head of his swollen cock almost pull completely free before it slammed back as deep as he could thrust. After four or five slow deep thrusts, he pulled completely out to admire the gape of her ass and to tease it again with just the head of his cock. 

She recalled how she screamed out loud for him to fuck her ass. She also recalled him making her beg him again repeatedly. As she finally screamed out the third or fourth time for him to please fuck her ass, he slammed his cock deep into her and began to fuck her ass in earnest. Christina recalled his voice vividly as though he was speaking to her this very instant.

"Since you begged so nicely, I'll not only fuck your sweet ass, but you best cum for me. And cum hard when you feel my cock slam into you."

She came almost immediately when he began fucking her deep and hard. Her hands were pulling her ass cheeks as far apart as they could go to allow him to pound as deep as he could. His ball sack slapped against her wet pussy as she tried to grind her clit into the bed. His strokes drove her to 3 more orgasms before she felt the head of his cock swell in her ass. She wanted his cum - to feel it explode, to taste it, to swallow it.

Doc had sensed his own orgasm and pulled from her ass in one quick move. As he did, he pushed the anal plug back into her ass causing her to moan loudly. He quickly rolled her to her side, allowing her to see his throbbing cock in front of her - the head was almost purple it was so swollen. Doc grabbed her head and pressed the throbbing head of his cock to her lips. As he lay down beside her, he pulled her, rolling her over atop his cock. He was lying back on the pillows so he could watch her suck his cock. After taking his cock deep into her mouth, she began to slowly suck him deeper and deeper, allowing her tongue to savor every vein and muscle in his cock. 

The richness of the flavored lube he had used on her ass merely added to her intoxicated state. Her right hand reached for her pussy to gather some of her wetness. As her fingers became coated with her richness, she pressed two sticky fingers against his ass. While she established a rhythm with her mouth on his cock, she slowly slid her two fingers into his ass, working them to help loosen his sphincter. Slowly she removed them only to again slide her fingers to gather more wetness from her pussy before sliding them back into his ass. 

She could tell by his moans that she was pleasing him. As her fingers found the little walnut sized gland in his ass, she began to massage it. This caused a flood of seminal fluid to flow from his cock. The rich fluid only served to excite her even more. She began to establish a milking motion on his prostate as she took his cock as deep into her throat as she could. Doc moaned with each stroke of her fingers. She felt the head of his cock swell even larger, signaling his impending orgasm. As he began to cum, she felt the first splatter of his rich tasting cum hit the back of her throat. Her fingers began to really fuck his ass making sure to press along his prostate with each stroke. Her mouth fucked down onto his cock, sucking and swallowing. His cock shot at least 5 heavy loads of cum into her mouth. Enough so that it trickled out of the corners of her mouth and down along his balls. After he had cum, she looked up to see his welcome smile. This gave her a renewed sense of pride in how she had pleased Him. Looking into his eyes, she saw the familiar nod letting her know to continue. She knew what to do, as she wanted to cum again with him.

She began a slow love making to his cock with her mouth. At the same time, her fingers slowly played with his ass - at first ignoring his prostate. Her oral talent began teasing his softened cock so that it soon became half erect. As it did, she temporarily removed her mouth from his cock and began to kiss her way down the side of his cock until she reached his ball sack. Lovingly, she licked the combination of his cum and her pussy juices from his balls as her fingers continued to tease his ass. Once his ball sack was clean, she kissed lower still. Her tongue teased the area behind his balls and then slipped lower. She watched her fingers slide in and out of his ass and noticed how his ass winked around them. 

As her fingers slowly withdrew from his ass, her tongue began to tease all around the winking opening. Using wetness from her pussy on her hand, she began to slowly and teasingly stroke his cock as her tongue zeroed in on his winking ass. Like a wanton whore, she began to tongue fuck his ass while her hand jacked off his cock. As her tongue worked deeper, his cock became harder. When his cock was rock hard, she reluctantly removed her tongue from his ass. Slowly she rose, and straddled him with her back to him. 

With his cock in her hand, she guided it to her aching pussy. The head felt like a hot poker as it slid into her. With the anal plug firmly in her ass, she felt completely filled. Taking her left hand, she wrapped it around his ball sack and began to gently pull and massage his balls. At the same time, she slid her two wet fingers back into his ass. Her hips began to rock onto his cock as she again finger fucked his ass. Each time her fingers massaged his prostate; his cock would pulse in her pussy, coating it with even more seminal fluid. Her still burning ass cheeks felt the heat rising from her lover with each stroke onto his cock. As she rode his cock, she felt her orgasm building again. 

This time she wanted to cum at the same time as Doc. Her hips began to fuck down onto his throbbing cock in wild abandon. At the same time her fingers were plunging in and out of his ass making sure to stroke his prostate with each thrust. She could feel his balls filling with cum as she gripped them. As the head of his cock began to swell and throb within her, she knew he would cum soon. 

"Please, may I cum with you. Please let me cum for you."

"You best cum well. Show me how much of a cum slut you can be."

The sensation of his cock and his command served to ignite her own orgasm. As her cum began to ripple through her, her fingers pressed against his prostate and her hand began to squeeze his balls. They both erupted in orgasm at the same time. She felt his cum filling her pussy and could also feel her own nectar exploding within her and washing down onto him.

As her cum began to subside, she fell along side her lover. His cock plopped free of her pussy and laid between her thighs. Doc kissed her neck and pulled her close to him. As they snuggled and began to drift to sleep, she felt his hand slowly massaging the anal plug still in her ass.

The next morning, Doc had taken her to the shower where he worked the anal plug free. He massaged her in the shower, paying particular attention to her ass cheeks and her still gaping ass. After their shower, they took turns kissing and drying one another. As he kissed her, she felt his fingers begin to finger fuck her ass igniting her morning lust. He took her by the hand into the bedroom. 

As he had her begin to get dressed for work, he continued to kiss her and tease her. Just before it was time to leave, he leaned her over the chair and slid his cock against her excited ass. In a slow, deliberate thrust, he was in her ass. Doc held her there as he fucked her ass deep and hard. It wasn't soon before she felt his cock explode deep in her ass. It amazed her that he shot so much cum into her ass especially after the way they had both cum last night. The intensity of the way he had cum in her caused her own orgasm to release. She quivered as she felt each pulse of his cock in her ass. Slowly Doc pulled his cock free of her ass. Once his cock was free, she turned and pushed him gently into a sitting position on the bed. Lovingly, she licked his cock and balls clean, finishing with long slow licks of his cock with a final kiss on the tip.

Standing, she could feel his cum beginning to ooze from her well-fucked ass. As well, she could feel her own pussy nectar trickling down her inner thighs. She knew better than to try and clean up. She left for work knowing with each step, more of her lover's cum and more of her own pussy nectar would work down her thighs, serving as a daylong reminder for her.

That was last night and this morning. Now he had her started all over again. His instructions were simple. She went to the ladies room at lunch, took the small tube of lube, worked it onto the anal plug and around her ass, and finally worked the new anal plug into her ass until the base was firmly pressed against her. The action caused her lust to build anew and made her want to cum. But she knew better as her lover had not given her permission to cum - not yet anyway. Her ass was full again. 

She had sat at her desk all afternoon with the anal plug pressed deep within her. At times, she had crossed her legs to be immediately reminded of its erotic presence. Her thoughts also raced to what Doc had told her. Tonight she would cum like never before. And that would start shortly after he picked her up. Christina mumbled to herself in wishful thinking.

"Damn! Will 4:30 ever get here?"

She was lost in thought when her cell phone rang. Picking it up, it was MDoc. Her heart skipped a beat hearing his voice. It was though he knew she was rocking down onto the anal plug as they spoke. He knew her so well. Just hearing his voice made her pussy begin to gush more nectar and her ass to clench even tighter down onto the anal plug. Doc began his renewed tease.

"I bet your hips are pushing down on your new plug. I knew you could follow My instructions. Do you still want your surprise? Do you want to cum for me like never before? ARe you ready to show just how much of a true cum slut you can be for me?"

Christina blushed as she knew he was right as she answered. 

"Yes, I've had this anal plug in me since we hung up before lunch, wishing it were your cock. I've been wet all afternoon and couldn't help pushing down onto the plug. Please, may I have my surprise? Please let me cum for you."

He told her that he was already here, but had parked on the far side of the parking area. He wanted to see her walk across the parking lot with her new anal plug deeply in her ass. He taunted her about the pleasures that would be hers tonight. And when he asked her if she was excited and wet, she knew when she answered that he already knew she was.

As she hung up the phone, she saw it was 4:30. As quickly as she could, she got up from her desk and began the walk from the building out to the far side of the parking lot. She could swear that she could hear her pussy gushing with each step and wondered if any of her co-workers could hear as well. She definitely felt her ass clenching and then releasing the anal plug - over and over with each step. As she opened the vehicle door, she was met with his welcome smile. When she slid into the car, his lips met hers. As they kissed, she felt his hand slide down her back and start to tease the anal plug in her ass. She gasped in his mouth as they kissed.

As their lips parted, she saw his cock standing before her. He had removed it from his pants as they were kissing. Her hand was immediately wrapped around it. She began to slowly stroke it as Doc started the vehicle and pulled out of the parking lot. As they got underway, Doc reached into his shirt pocket and pulled out a blindfold. He then issued her first set of instructions for the evening.

"Put this on my pet. I am taking you to a very secret place for your surprise. So be a good girl, put it on and make sure it fits snugly. NO PEEKING!"

After she affixed the blindfold, she felt the tender touch of his hand. His hand around her neck startled her at first. But when he started to guide her downward over to his lap, she knew he wanted her mouth around his cock. She laughed to herself thinking this would be a wonderful way to pass the time while Doc drove them to wherever they were going. His voice caused her to stir and gave her even more incentive to please him.

"That's it, show me how much of a cum slut you are for me. Suck my cock nice and slow. Keep me hard until we get where I'm taking you."

From the amount of pre-cum she tasted, she knew Doc was just as excited about her pending surprise as she was. She loved the way his cock felt in her mouth, the way it pulsed as she sucked him, the way his pre-cum flowed for her. As well, his right hand was busy toying with the anal plug in her ass while she sucked his cock deeper into her mouth. She made love to his cock. Nice slow licks, her tongue tracing every inch of his cock, trying to fuck the tip down into the hole in the head of his cock. The constant attention he was giving her ass made her mentally become lost in pleasure. She was so intent on sucking his cock and feeling the pleasure in her ass, she was only slightly aware the vehicle had finally come to a stop. She felt Docs hands on her head, slowly pulling her mouth from his cock. She heard his door open and then close. As her door opened, she felt his hand helping her out of the car. His voice reassured her as he spoke.

"We're here my pet. Now, stand there as I have some things that must be done before we go inside. Trust in me my sweet cum slut. Trust in me totally."

Once she was standing by the car, she felt him beginning to remove her clothes. Knowing better than to say anything, she nervously stood there until she was completely nude, with only the anal plug remaining. Her gasp was unexpected as she felt Doc suckle her right nipple into his mouth and his hand reach down to her wet pussy - his thumb circling her clit. Her knees almost buckled. Another gasp as his hands spread her legs as far apart as she could and still be able to stand. She felt his fingers slide into her pussy as his thumb continued to rub her clit. His other hand reached round her hip and attacked her anal plug. As hard as she tried not to do so, she began to cum almost immediately, knowing her pussy was depositing her pent up nectar onto Doc's hand. She immediately hoped that she would not be punished for cumming without his permission. As her head continued to spin from the sudden orgasm, she was almost oblivious to Doc tugging on her hand as he began to lead her away from the vehicle.
