  Hello and Happy Holidays to all. Time to play catch-up with Christina and Andy. These characters have previously appeared in 3 stories, which should be read in this order:  Decking the Halls and Jingly Belles ; " It Is Far Better To Give " and "Ho Ho Hos ". I hope you enjoy the latest installment and have a wonderful Holiday! -- BrettJ 

*

Andy watched Belle playing on the floor and his heart swelled. He was nearly moved to tears. It had only been a few years ago, he was a lonely bachelor and lonely. Now, every day was filled with love and magic -- some of that  literally  -- and it was all due to Belle's beautiful, wonderful, magical mother.

Christina walked into the room and watched their daughter toddle around. "She's getting so big, isn't she?" She whispered in Andy's ear.

"She's beautiful, like her mother!" he said, kissing Christina warmly. His wife had been very busy this past few weeks and extremely cranky, not like her at all. He'd tried to ask her grandfather what was going on, but Santa had said "My boy, even  I'm  not foolish enough to try and figure out a woman when she's in a mood."

Being married to a member of the Kringle family had taken some getting used to, but it had its perks. You always got what you wanted for Christmas. There were wonderful holidays, you got to see things that no one on this earth did, there was love everywhere and Christina's magic extended to the bedroom as well. Not only that, you were pretty sure you were going to live for a while. Andy's friends joked he didn't look his 50 years of age, if anything, he looked younger. Christina had told him someday she'd reveal that particular secret.

That magic had returned last night. In bed, her long blonde hair down to her waist, those magical blue-violet eyes dancing, she had fucked her husband to a frazzle. She was a no-holds barred wildcat when she wanted to be, and Andy wanted her to be. Christina loved to have Andy fucking her, she'd found her soulmate that Christmas Eve 4 years ago, if she was unhappy, he seemed to know when she wanted a hug. Which was one of the things driving her crazy now -- he didn't seem to be able to read her now. She sighed. I miss our friends, but Andy's been pitching in to help as best he can. Noel had the same flu that had stricken their Grandfather the year prior and Andy had taken to helping with the shipping and distribution. He truly had a good heart, Christina knew, but the past week he'd been an absentee husband. Last night was wonderful but she wanted him alone tonight. Her mother had offered to take care of Belle, winking "I know what you have planned, just like your Mama, naughty  and  nice!" Jacqueline had chuckled. Christina knew she was going to do her best to follow in her parent's footsteps, even nearing 35 years married; they were still blissfully in love.

Christina whispered in her husband's ear "Darling, I hope you've recovered from last night, because Mama's got Belle tonight and I want a repeat performance -- and maybe even an encore!" she cooed.

Andy didn't know what to do -- he hadn't counted on Christina wanting to be alone, as he heard the snow crunch under his boots and they walked towards the Christmas cottage they shared, he just sighed and knew no matter what, it would be all right. Christina loved surprises; it was part of her nature. She opened the door and ...

" SURPRISE !"

In the middle of the cottage stood all of their friends who had enriched their lives. Rog, with Mia and Maggie standing beside him. Pretty blonde Katie, who was already doling out drinks to the guests. His friend from work, Rachel and her new husband, Mark. Toy and Yule, who'd given him the wonderful night Christmas past. But with a bit of prying at her family, including Santa, he'd found someone from Christina's past she might not have expected to see.

"Arianna!" Christina ran across the room and embraced the other woman. Christina had lost touch with her college roommate and she often came up in conversation. Watching the two girls hugging, jumping up and down and obviously overjoyed to see each other, Andy knew he'd made his wife happy. He felt someone hug him from behind and saw sexy redheaded Holly, who had been a present to his wife a few years ago. They'd kept in touch and the girl was now one of Christina's dearest friends. They also had "Girl's Nights Out" with Yule and Toy as well. He knew what was going on in those evenings, because when Christina came home, she was horny as hell and if he was really,  really  lucky, she'd brought one of the girls home for a little treat.

"You done good, lover!" Holly smiled as she led him over to the laughing group, some of who were quite obviously feeling amorous. He saw his wife and Arianna disappear into the bedroom, but the moment Toy's talented little mouth surrounded his cock and Holly was massaging his skin, he lost track of Christina's goings-on. He allowed Holly to mount his tongue and he began eating her, her bodybuilding regimen and healthy lifestyle evident in how beautiful her body was. A small Daisy-chain was forming, now Yule was behind her lover, Yule was eating Toy's delicate little pussy while she was sucking Andy's cock and he was munching Holly's fiery red muff. He loved his life now, he was getting sex so frequently, some days he was exhausted, but what a way to wear out. Christina's spirit of giving extended to her sexuality, she loved who she loved and good, healthy sex was part of her credo. She didn't cheat on her husband, he knew what she was up to, because most of the time, he was along for the ride. Rog had recently married Maggie and he was pretty certain he was screwing his cute stepdaughter as well. Last week, Rog and Christina had fucked for the first time and Maggie and Mia made certain Andy also didn't go home unsatisfied.

Holly straddled Andy and felt his cock slide deep into her cunt while sexy little Toy began licking her nipples. Andy took in the scene around him and while it might have seemed like a scene out of a very  good  porn movie, Andy had enjoyed evenings this wonderful before. His cock was giving Holly a good fucking, but she was receiving and giving back, he was decking it to sexy Holly and she was a great piece on Earth.

Andy felt his body began to shake and he knew he was going to cum. Being happy, adorable little cumsluts, Toy and Yule sucked him dry then they went to work on Holly. Rog was out of action for the duration, but Maggie and Mia were now frolicking with Katie. There was lots of sexy fun to be had in this room; Rog gave his buddy a weak "Thumbs Up" for inviting him to this celebration. Andy sipped a glass of Spiced Egg Nog and he heard warm sighs coming from his bedroom. A minute or so later, he heard Christina's voice calling him.

Andy walked into the bedroom and found his wife in a filmy black negligee and bedroom slippers. The outfit was new, he hadn't seen it before. Reclining on the bed, wearing only a sexy pair of white high heels, was Arianna. She didn't seem at all uncomfortable having Andy see her naked.

Christina wrapped her arms around her husband and hugged him as tight as she ever had. There were tears in those beautiful eyes of hers, but Andy knew they were tears of joy. "I don't know how I'll  ever  be able to thank you for finding Arianna" she wept softly. "It was a wonderful present darling, thank you, thank you so much!"

"Thank You for bringing us back together, Andy" Arianna interjected. "It was so hard when we lost touch; I wondered for a long time whatever happened to my Chrissie." She sighed. "You're a lovely man, I'm very happy for her."

"Thank You" Andy replied, feeling somewhat humbled. Arianna saw he was slightly embarrassed, so she broke the tension. "So Chrissie, where'd you say you found this guy, anyway?"

"Picked him up in a bar."

"Figures. Slut."

"Bitch." Both women laughed and Andy found himself warming to Arianna very quickly. His wife whispered in my ear "Arianna was my  first ."

"Your first? Your first wha .... Oh, I get it. Your  first ." Andy felt himself flushing a bit and Arianna just smiled that beautiful smile of hers.

"She was my first too, Andy" Arianna told him, stretching cat-like on the bed. "Tonight, I'm going to have  another  first, aren't I Chrissie?" She cooed.

"Oh, really? Your first threesome?" Andy felt sure that's why his sexy wife had called him into the bedroom and he was more than happy to join their antics. He always enjoyed watching Christina play with another woman and Arianna was devastating.

"Umm, no ... had a few of those ... kinda ... " Arianna was stumbling over her words, which seemed odd, so Christina spoke up for her.

"No -- you'll be her first  man !" Christina smiled, squeezing Andy's hand. He just about fell over.

"You're a virgin?" He asked, incredulous over this turn of events.

"Well no, not technically. I've had my little cherry busted by this little sexpot here ... " Christina stuck out her tongue and Arianna continued " ... but I've never had a real cock. I've lived as a lesbian for all this time. It's why I lost touch with Chrissie, my parents forced me to stop seeing her. I dated men, but just was never attracted to them. A few years ago, I moved out on my own and started seeing women, sexually. I have a lover, her name is Jayme, and she's bi. She's been after me to give men a try and then you called and told me about Chrissie and then she and I ... well, you know ... and when I told her what I was thinking, she said I could."

Andy's head felt fuzzy, but he hadn't been drinking. "Could? Could what?"

Christina nuzzled his neck "Could  fuck  her darling. I can't think of a better man to be a girl's first lay."

Every Christmas, no matter what, something seemed to surprise Andy. This year, he thought he'd give Christina a wonderful surprise, trust her to top it. He wasn't sure what to say, until Arianna stood up, her body lean and sensual, and kissed him, rubbing her naked body all over his. He hadn't put on his top since fucking Holly, so it was skin-to-skin contact and Arianna had smooth, perfect skin. 

"Are you going to join us?" He asked Christina. She shook her head.

"No. Matter of fact, I'm going to go and visit Holly and Yule and Toy and get very noisy and messy for a while. If you're good, I might come back and if you promise to be naughty after, Ari and I might entertain you. Have fun, my darlings!" Almost like a cloud of smoke, Christina vanished from the room.

Andy turned to Arianna and enjoyed what he saw tremendously. Gently, he knelt down beside the bed and brought her face to his own, kissing her sweetly. She was shaking a bit, so he knew not to rush, just to make sure he was kind and gentle. Lesbian or not -- and Andy suspected  not  - Arianna could kiss, she was putting her all into it, her tongue swirling about his mouth as her long, blonde hair tumbled down. She was making sexy little noises, he moved up and sat beside her on the large bed.

"I am so very flattered you want me to share your body. Please, trust me and I will do everything I can to make this magical for you." Andy smiled.

"I do trust you. If Chrissie trusts you, then I trust you. Could you kiss me again, Andy? That was nice, I very much like to kiss." 

He let her move closer this time, her hand brushed his cheek and her fingers ran through his hair as they just kissed, soft kisses that grew more ardent. Andy loved her sweet, delicate beauty, in some ways, she reminded him of Christina. The image of his sexy wife and Arianna tangled up together drifted into his mind and he hoped he would see that later, but for now, he stroked her hair, her neck and trailed his fingers down her arms and onto her back as she trembled. She wasn't afraid, she was enjoying this new feeling.

Andy felt beautifully manicured fingernails trace down his skin and he just melted at the feeling. He wondered if Christina had given her some tips, that was one of his favorite feelings, nails on his bare skin. Arianna was closer now and she was almost on top of him, she seemed to be really getting into this. Her hands were all over him, Arianna was touching a man, she seemed to like his body well enough and from the way his cock was dancing, he was responding to her touches.

****

Outside, Christina had dropped the negligee and was now being licked from head-to-toe by her adorable, darling Holly, while her former roommates were both being fingerfucked by her talented hands. She was so happy to see Arianna again and the timing couldn't have been better, given the circumstances. 

"Oh Chris, almost no one can make my pussy feel the way you do!" Toy sighed as her body trembled around the blonde's invading digits.

"I'm glad you said  almost , you little whore!" Yule teased her lover as their lips met and kissed. Rog had regained his strength and was now teamed with Maggie and Katie, his stepdaughter watching and having a bite to eat. 

Holly still found all this hard to deal with at times, but whenever her common sense told her there was no way this could be real, she was girl-fucking Santa's granddaughter, something magical happened. She had always enjoyed the company of women, but with Christina, she was nearly insatiable. Whenever she and Christina got together, she didn't seem to tire and even though it felt like they had been licking and sucking and nibbling for an entire evening, she would look at the clock and only a few hours had passed. If they were getting together, Christina always seemed to have on the kind of outfit Holly fancied, whether it be Schoolgirl, Maid, Nurse or Leather & Latex vixen. Holly just licked the blonde's perfect body and stopped trying to make sense of it all. Sex with Christina was the gift that kept on giving, she thought as she devoured her girlfriend's pussy, the moans from the rest of the room a sensual accompaniment for their antics.

****

Andy was laying on his stomach now, his face between Arianna's silky thighs. He deduced, correctly, that if Arianna had only enjoyed lesbian encounters, she probably enjoyed oral and he was darned good at that, if he did so say himself. One time, sandwiched between Holly and Chrissie, Christina had said "He eats pussy so well, he should have been a lesbian." Andy had retorted "No thanks, I don't like the uniform" and both girls had roared with laughter.

He loved her tiny, delicate-looking pussy and took great pains to taste her slowly, with precision. Andy patted her pussy with his hand gently and blew tiny gusts of air on her clit, Arianna shivered with passion and her thighs closed around his head as he sucked her cunt. She couldn't talk, so far, this experience had exceeded her expectations by a very wide margin.

"Eat me, that's right Andy, that's the spot, eat me, lick me there, taste me, ohhhh fuccckkkk, that's gooooddd!" Arianna moaned, almost purposely letting herself be loud enough so that Christina could hear her. It had been a very special Christmas Eve, to be reunited with someone she loved and cherished, plus to get to have a new, wonderful sexual experience, it didn't get much better than this.

Andy's head was feeling a bit trapped, but he supposed there were worse fates he could encounter, as he licked and sucked the neatly-trimmed bush in front of him. Her body was moving ever so slightly as he continued to pleasure her, she seemed ready for the next step. He slowly extricated himself from between her long legs and smiled at Arianna.

"Do you want to try some more things?" Andy asked. Arianna nodded and he slipped out of the small amount of clothing he'd been wearing. Arianna looked at him with admiration and he made a note to thank Christina for feeding him healthy food and making sure he exercised. He rarely felt his 50 years and as he moved towards the younger woman, he didn't even give his age a second thought, save that a few years of experience might come in handy. He spoke to her in a soft tone.

"Most men -- which includes me -- like to have their cocks sucked. Now, you don't have to do it if you don't want to, but ... "

Arianna interjected swiftly "No, no, I want to do it, I want to try everything, or else I will never learn. I want to taste your cock, but excuse me if I make any mistakes." Andy moved close to the bed and let her slender hand reach out and cup his cock and balls, it twitched in her hand and she giggled.

"It feels ... hot!" she cooed softly and then she slid her mouth around his cock. She might be inexperienced, but it was hard to tell, her mouth sucked and whirled and licked, she sucked with gusto and enthusiasm, she wasn't aggressive, she wasn't gentle, Arianna was precisely what Andy enjoyed when a woman sucked his dick.

Arianna tried her best and succeeded admirably as she sucked her first cock. She hoped she could sleep with Andy again -- he was the best first lay a girl could want, gentle and friendly and warm. She was curious to see what he and Chrissie looked like fucking -- and then remembered there was a good chance she'd find out before the night was done.

Andy was prepared to make love to Arianna. He knew that's what he'd have to do, to make her first time special, he'd have to treat her as he would a young virgin, for despite her age, she was that in her way. He moved away from her, she could see that she'd done a nice enough job on his cock, because he was hard and ready. Her stomach fluttered a little, but everything up to now had felt wonderful, so she wasn't as nervous as she might have been otherwise.

"There are a few ways we can do this, do you have any preferences?" Andy asked, knowing she'd been fucked by toys before. She smiled at his being so considerate.

"Why don't you do me in the Missionary position and we'll switch it up a bit?" Arianna beamed. "I'm having a nice time, so far, this is ... " Arianna's voice trailed off. She had no frame of reference, it wasn't like being with a woman, it was different and a bit more aggressive, but nice.

Andy draped her long legs over his shoulders and moved forward, his cock entering her pussy. She was tight as hell, but he began moving within her and Arianna responded in kind, moving against him, her legs locking around his back and drumming a bit as he fucked her with smooth, long, gentle strokes, keeping his eyes focused on her beautiful brown eyes. "You're very lovely" he complimented her as his cock kept moving in and out of her cunt.

Arianna flushed a bit and smiled at the compliment, she could tell Andy meant it. He was a very nice man, his maturity showing in the sensual, warm way he made love to her. He stroked her face as he fucked her pussy, he kept eye contact, he would gently caress her breasts, her hair, her skin as his dick gave her a new kind of pleasure. Cock -- well, at least  this  cock anyway -- felt wonderful.

"Want to try that switching it up idea?" Andy asked after a bit of time had passed. Arianna nodded and he lay on his back. She straddled him and eased her cunt down on his cock, being on top was her favorite, little Arianna could let loose when she was on top. With a loud whoop, she began to do just that, letting her entire body fuck Andy with a lustful frenzy. She was a virgin no more, her body writhed and wriggled and took his manhood, her hips bucked as her pussy engulfed his thick cock and wanted more. Jayme was going to have to share her boyfriends from now on, or she'd have to get one of her own, because Arianna wasn't going to go without a hard dick in her cunt from now on. She was very happy to be bi, although she suspected every man wasn't as great a screw as Andy. Chrissie always did know how to pick 'em!

Her mind flashed on her sexy strawberry sexkitten and Christina all tangled together while she and Andy fucked beside them and she thought perhaps later, she'd ask Chrissie if she and Andy wanted to share Easter with her and Jayme? Or maybe ring in the New Year with some festive fucking?
