 I expect my husband and I agreed to try out a foursome because after 20 years we had got bored with the sex between us. It wasn't like that in the beginning, when he would excite me so much, give me multiple orgasms so that I couldn't get enough of him. Every day I would thrill with desire and he would make love with me. Recently he had started playing more and more golf, hooked on the game rather than on me. Now we were having sex only on a Saturday evening and it was quick and unexciting. As soon as he could, hubby would thrust his cock into my pussy, begin fucking me and cum before I reached a climax. We had an argument the time he reached for his golf magazine straight after pumping his load into me and leaving me very unsatisfied. 

The next evening, a TV movie had an episode featuring a foursome and before I knew it, I'd agreed that we should try it. Perhaps another man's cock might be good for me and might even encourage my hubby to have better sex with me. I'd never watched another woman being fucked in real life; the thought of watching her being done was turning me on. Hubby used an internet dating site and soon found a couple who agreed to meet us at their place the following week. I was having cold feet and second thoughts, but on the morning of the day we were due to meet them, another golfing brochure arrived which made me mad and determined to go through with it. 

That evening before setting out, a gin and tonic at home gave me courage. After we'd knocked on their door, it was opened by Rhonda who invited us in and introduced us to her partner, Jake. We sat around with a glass of wine each for the ladies and a beer for the men, making small talk. Rhonda was a little taller and broader than me, not really overweight, but certainly heavier than me. I felt I had a better figure, so I was reassured in any comparison with her. Jake was tall, with dark hair and looked great. He was charming and attentive. I was nervous and drank my wine quicker than I should and it went to my head. As soon as I'd finished, Rhonda suggested we go into the bedroom; we'd agreed to have same room, safe sex and there was a king sized bed ready and waiting. 

Without much in the way of preliminaries, Jake unzipped my dress, pulled it off, then unhooked my bra. He pulled it off my shoulders and I self-consciously put my hands over my breasts to conceal them. My hubby did the same for Rhonda who smiled at me as her breasts tumbled free. I looked at them fascinated, seeing her large nipples already aroused. We two women lay down on the bed side by side, still wearing our panties, to watch the guys strip. I knew my hubby was keen and eager - probably too eager - and when he dropped his pants his cock reared up stiff and straight. Jake's cock also was erect and I started to go wet at the thought that very soon it would be in me. The two men put on condoms and I felt reassured at the sight of Jake's cock with it on for my protection. Hubby immediately pulled Rhonda's panties down and began to kiss her tits, and slide his finger into her pussy. 

He mounted her and slid his cock into her. I wanted to tell him he was moving too fast, Jake was still kissing me and stroking my nipples, taking it slow, sending jolts of electricity through me and working me up. Hubby had begun fucking Rhonda with hard strokes while Jake was still just pulling my panties down off me. I could see the shaft of hubby's cock going in and out of Rhonda with fast thrusts, then he gave a groan and I knew he had cum too quickly. His cock shrank and slipped out of Rhonda's pussy. I looked in amusement at the condom hanging from his limp cock, full of his cum. He grabbed his cigarettes, muttered something about going to the bathroom and outside for a smoke, then left the room. That's when Jake slid his rock-hard, hot cock into my waiting pussy and I could think of nothing else but the pleasure he was giving me. 

Rhonda didn't seem to be too upset at being left in the bed next to me getting it from her husband. She turned towards me, watching as Jake fucked me with long slow strokes. Jake raised himself up on his arms, letting her put a hand on one of my tits, feeling it, rolling the nipple between her fingers. Then she leaned over me and kissed me. I'd never been kissed by another woman before. At first wasn't sure if I wanted her to, but she was stronger than me, pressed me down and I opened my mouth to her probing tongue. Her hand slid down to my crotch, her finger finding my clit sending waves of erotic pleasure through me while Jake's cock was still thrusting into me. I moaned with ecstasy. Then she stopped kissing me, raised her head and pushed Jake's cock out of me. I didn't want him to stop and gave a cry of annoyance. She pulled the condom off his cock, saying "fuck her bareback, pump your cum into her." I wanted to protest, but his cock slid back into my wet pussy before I could. Desire took over me. I liked the feel of his naked cock as it started fucking me harder. She took hold of my nipple again and squeezed it hard. 

"Oooohh," I moaned. 

"She likes it," Rhonda said, "do it to her, give her a good fucking." Now Jake started thrusting in and out of me fast and hard, bringing me towards but not quite to an orgasm. He gave a groan, thrust his cock deep into my pussy as far as it would go and I felt him spurt, flooding me with his cum. When he had shot all of his load, his cock went limp and I could feel it shrinking in my pussy. He slid out of me, rolling away. Rhonda leaned further over me, her fingers down between by legs, searching for my clit and my pussy. She began to finger fuck me, rubbing my clit, ramming two of her fingers into me. I bucked underneath her and climaxed, crying, "oh, oh, oh," in time to each thrust of her fingers into me. 

"There, there babe," she whispered, "your cunt is sooo wet." 

Later hubby and I dressed and as we took our leave, Rhonda told me quietly that she would meet me for a coffee on my day off that week. She didn't ask if I was free, just told me she would ring me, assuming that I wanted to see her, which I realized I did. 

Thursday was the day I didn't work. The telephone rang. It was Rhonda, inviting herself round. She brought a bottle of wine. After the first glass I relaxed a little but was still nervous when she made her move on me. Her hand went to my breast and she leaned over me, her lips searching for mine. She moved her hand down my thigh, then up between my legs, pushing them apart. She pushed me down. She was bigger and heavier than me, I couldn't stop her, but anyway didn't want her to stop as she squeezed and rubbed my crotch. Then she unbuttoned my tights and slid her hand inside my panties, still holding me down just in case I would resist. Her finger searched for my clit. She rubbed it gently, then pushed two of her fingers into my pussy. She finger fucked me, gently at first then harder as she brought me towards a climax. When she was certain that I wanted nothing else but to orgasm, she stopped. She stripped me naked, then undressed herself. 

"Go down on me," she commanded and pulled my head between her legs. 

"That's it, use your tongue on my clit," she said. I licked it, then pushed a finger into her wet pussy. Now I was in charge and I thrust my fingers in and out of her. She came, but wasn't finished with me. She rolled on top of me, and began to finger fuck me again. This time she didn't stop, ramming her fingers into me as she made me climax and orgasm. 

A week later, again on my day off, she rang me. As soon as I heard her voice I went hot and started to go wet. This time I was to go round to her place "for a coffee" and I went there eagerly hoping for more. I was surprised to find that her husband Jake and another young man introduced as Matt were there as well, sitting in easy chairs. I was led to the sofa to sit and Rhonda brought coffee. We made polite small talk while we were drinking it and I began to feel disappointed. As we finished, Rhonda switched to talking explicitly about sex and about how I'd loved it, crying out as I came. I felt a little embarrassed with the details about girl to girl told in front of the two guys. Rhonda came to sit next to me on the sofa and put her hand on my thigh. I felt shy and pushed her hand away. She leant over me, took hold of my chin to bring my face towards her and kissed me. She used her weight to hold me as her tongue pushed its way into my mouth, then prized my legs apart to rub my crotch. I knew then without being told that I was going to be fucked by all three of them. As Rhonda held me, Jake unbuttoned my jeans and she slid her hand inside my panties, finding my clit and rubbing it. I moaned with pleasure and opened my legs wider. 

"Pull her panties off her," Rhonda told Jake, still holding me firmly. Jake pulled my jeans and my panties down and off. Her fingers slid into my pussy, finger fucking me, it feeling so good. 

"Her cunt is hot and wet," Rhonda had said, "she is ready for a good fucking now. Strip her naked." My top was pulled off, my bra undone and my tits tumbled free as I was stripped. I was pulled down on the sofa. Jake undressed and I watched as he came towards me, his cock hard and stiff. 

"Do her," Rhonda said. Jake slid his cock into me. I knew that I wanted it badly, and whispered, "Oh yes," as Jake fucked me with long slow strokes. Matt had also stripped and came to the sofa with his cock near my head. 

"Suck Matt's cock," Rhonda told me. She held my chin and pushed my face towards Matt. His cock was against my lips, but my mouth was closed. I wasn't at all sure that I wanted his thick cock in my mouth. 

"Open your mouth for him," Rhonda commanded. I couldn't resist doing what she told me to. Obediently, my lips parted, and Matt pushed his cock between them. It felt big in my mouth, and I began to suck him. It was the first time I'd ever had two cocks in me at once. 

"Don't cum just yet," Rhonda said to the two guys, "she needs a lot more fucking." With an effort, they both pulled their cocks out of me. 

"Roll her over and do her doggy," Rhonda said, loving being in charge. Matt rolled me over and slid his cock into me from behind. It went deep into my pussy. Matt found my G spot and began thrusting in and out. On one of the out strokes, Rhonda slid her hand down my back between my buttocks and found my ass-hole. She began rimming me, teasing me, the tip of her finger just going into me. I loved the feel and moaned with pleasure.

"I think she'd like a double penetration," she said. Matt gave a couple more hard thrusts, and then pulled his cock out. Jake lay on the couch, his cock erect like a flagpole. 

"Ride him," ordered Rhonda and once again I couldn't do anything but do what she wanted. I held his cock and positioned it so that it slid into my pussy as I lowered myself on him. Rhonda pulled me down so I was lying flat on Jake, and my butt was available to Matt. 

"Give it to her up her ass," Rhonda told Matt, who slid his cock into my ass-hole. Oh, it felt so tight and it seemed as though he'd increased the pressure on Jake's cock. The two guys began fucking me together. I quickly reached a climax and as I came, I must have made them cum too. I felt Matt pump his load into my ass, while Jake shot his cum into my pussy. 

Rhonda wasn't finished with me yet. Matt pulled his limp cock out of me and she pulled me off Jake onto my back. She held me tight, her fingers entering my pussy. 

"Her cunt's dripping wet, full of cum," she said and began to finger fuck me. I began to climax again. She kissed me, her tongue deep into my mouth. Her fingers worked me over and I quickly had an orgasm. 

"You love it don't you?" Rhonda asked me. 

"Yes," I replied and knew that she only had to call me and I would strip naked for her, let her kiss me and do me any way she wanted.