 Part 2 - The Surprise Unfolds

Finally she was pulling into her driveway. She saw the other cars parked along the front of her house. After she exited the car, she walked around to Doc's door and helped him out of the vehicle and led him to the front door. Again in her stern but teasing voice she gave more instructions. 

"Now stand there while I get the alarm and the dogs. Don't move an inch."

Christina rushed inside to find that Carrie had pulled five chairs up on ether side of the sex swing. She also had two chairs ready to be placed in front of the swing when the time was right. On one chair she had the lubes, toys, harness, dildos and 3 cameras laid out and ready to go. As well, Carrie was sporting her favorite harness and dildo. As Carrie was rushing around, her fake cock was swinging and swaying in front of her. Christina smiled at the surreal vision. Glancing up, Carrie spotted Christina staring at her harness and fake cock. Smiling she quipped to Christina. 

"Well is the stud here and ready to go?"

Christina could barely contain her excitement as she answered her girfriend.

"Oh yes, he's more than ready. He's standing outside blindfolded with a huge hard cock about to rip a hole in his pants. I think I could just lick the tip and he would explode. He's wound up like a two dollar watch and horny as hell."

Carrie had a wicked smile of her own now and returned. 

"Good, so I guess it's time to let the games begin."

Christina was even more turned on after seeing how hard she had made Doc's cock. Like a giddy schoolgirl going on her first big date, she almost squealed out her reply.

"Oh my yes it is. I want his ass. I want to hear him beg me to fuck his ass and take his anal cherry. Now where are the other girls?"

Nodding down the hall, Carrie replied.

"They're in your guest room getting their "cocks" ready."

Carrie walked down the hall and stuck her head through the guest bedroom doorway.

"Oh my. You girls look hot. Ready to pop some cherry ass? Well best get your sweet bodies out here. It's time! He's waiting outside all hot, horny and ready to be taken."

The four girls came out of the bedroom. Each one was sporting their favorite strap-on harness and dildo. And sure enough, Clare was wearing her favorite 14-inch monster. At first Christina could just stare in amazement. These girls did look hot, even if their strap-on harnesses and dildos looked a little menacing. Christina leaned to Carrie's ear to relay a bit of her unsuspected effect this entire event was having on her.

"Carrie, this role reversal is quite the mental charge. And you're right, the power and control thing just adds to the excitement. 

Christina turned to the other girls, and taking control she repeated her initial instructions just so everyone understood.

Now all of you be quite until I give my queue to let him know you're here. Then just follow my lead. I want him to really get into this. It's more for his pleasure than it is mine, or yours. This is HIS fantasy that he wanted to have fulfilled. I know by doing this, it will give him immense pleasure that only I can give him. That alone is another turn on for me, BIG TIME. Carrie, have one of those cameras ready. His ass is ours! It's "cherry popping time" ladies!"

Christina turned and went to the door. Sure enough Doc was standing in the very spot she had left him. She checked and the blindfold was still securely in place, and his hard cock looked even bigger. The damp spot had grown to a considerable size. Christina licked her lips thinking of how sweet his pre-cum would taste. When she took his hand, Doc almost jumped. With his hand in her one hand, she used her other hand to grab the front of his pants right at his belt buckle and guided him to the door. With a firm hold on his pants, she released his hand so she could open the door. After locking both doors, she carefully led her blindfolded lover into the den. Guiding him in, she placed him near the swing and released her grip. Just to show her girlfriends how excited she had Doc, and how much control she was of the situation, she teased Doc for the benefit of her girlfriends.

"OK lover. I see you're excited. Your cock looks like it's about to rip your pants in two. So, are you glad to be here with me? Are you ready for tonight's fun? Are you ready for a night you will NEVER forget?

Doc was almost panting in aroused anticipation as he gave his answer.

"Oh God Christina, you have me so turned on I was getting dizzy. Yes I'm glad to be here with you - but glad isn't the word, I'm ecstatic. And I'm more than ready for this evening. If it's anything like the way it has begun, I'll never forget it - NEVER!"

Christina glanced to her Carrie and nodded again toward the cameras with a devious smile. She then turned to Doc and with a rather stern voice, she gave him his next instructions.

"You say you're ecstatic. Well I want you to show me. Strip for me. Right now. I want you buck naked. Show me that hard cock of yours. Strip. NOW I SAID!"

Doc jumped slightly when she raised her voice. But he was more than just turned on. He quickly started removing his clothes, not caring where they fell. Quickly he was completely naked. His hard cock standing at full attention and profusely leaking pre-cum. Ashleiegh smiled and looked around at her girlfriends as they surveyed her lover standing before them. She then turned towards Doc continuing her demanding tease. 

"Very nice. Now turn around for me, but slowly. I want to see all of you. Especially that cute ass and your cock." 

As Doc started to turn, Christina nodded and her girlfriend began taking pictures. Doc could hear the faint shutter clicking in the background and thought Christina was just having some more fun. Christina continued her demands of her blindfolded lover.

"Very nice, now stroke your cock for me. Be sure to cup your balls with your other hand. Make sure to pull your ball sack out and stretch nicely for me, just like the way you like me to do it for you. Show me how much you want me. You do want me don't you? But, don't you dare cum. Not yet. I have plans for that cum."

With his right hand, Doc slowly began stroking his cock for Christina. His left hand cupped and massaged his balls before grasping the sack and stretching it outward for his lover. He was biting his lip to keep from cumming. Again, he heard the clicking sounds of a camera.

Christina walked over and removed Doc's hands from his cock and balls. She took his right hand and again slid it under her skirt. Slowly she worked it over her fishnet stockings to the flesh of her inner things and finally to her soaked pussy. Together their fingers pushed into her pussy. Doc was puzzled briefly as how could she being using her hands to guide his hand and still be able to take pictures. Then he had a "Well Duh" moment himself as he thought it must be this Carrie woman Christina had mentioned. This was going to be the kinky threesome he had thought about earlier. 

The thought was brief as the feel of Christina's hot pussy soon had his mind reeling in other directions. He was lost in the world Christina had created for him. He was hers for the evening, and Christina knew it. Christina slowly removed their fingers from her pussy and guided them to Doc's lips. He wished to savor the taste of Christina' pussy. He murmured a low moan as their fingers met his lips. The taste and aroma were sending him into another level of lust for Christina. As soon as their fingers were clean of her juices, Christina took further control of the events by diving Doc his next set of instructions.

"Now, you must remove my clothes. But you can only remove them. You cannot take liberties and try to fondle me or touch me. Is that understood?"

Doc looked puzzled and clearly displayed a new level of sexual frustration. But it was a sexual frustration that was just as pleasurable as it was frustrating. This was just another part of the Big Tease. As such, Doc nodded his acceptance of the new rules.

Christina made Doc remove her clothes slowly. First she had him remove her top. Then she guided his hand to the zipper on the side of her skirt. As Doc leaned in to unzip her skirt zipper, her hand brushed against his cock. Doc jumped, as did Christina ... Doc from the unexpected contact and Christina from the unexpected heat. As her skirt fell, Christina could feel her nectar flowing from her pussy and down her thighs. Thankfully she had turned the A/C setting up or she would have become chilled. She didn't realize it but the camera was still going as Doc was removing her clothes. There were several shots that clearly showed the nectar on her thighs glistening in the lighting of the room.

Taking Doc by his cock, Christina led him to the swing. She turned him round and slowly sat him back onto the swing. Doc's cock began to twitch as he realized this was Christina's sex swing. As Christina reached down and took his left ankle, Doc instinctively allowed her to guide it to the stirrup. Similarly he did the same when she took his right ankle. As Christina took one belt, she looped it round his left ankle twice and then buckled it round the chain along side the stirrup. She proceeded to do the same with another belt around his right ankle. The camera was capturing her every move. As well, the new erotic sensation of being restrained and completely spread open for his lover was having an added effect on his cock. It was bobbing and throbbing with each beat of his pulse. As well, pre-cum was flowing quite copiously. Christina could not help but take note of the effect all her actions were having on Doc. This sense of control and knowing she was completely responsible for all his pleasure was quite a head rush for her as well - a very erotic head rush.

Once his ankles were secure, Christina tuned her attention to Doc's wrists. Similarly she used two more belts to restrain his wrists to the chains at the top of the swing. Looking down, she admired her handy work. She also admired the overall effect everything was having on Doc. Damn his cock was looking very inviting. She thought for a minute. And smiled another big smile. Looking directly at Carrie and the other girls she nodded as to give them a clue to follow her lead. With a wicked smile, Christina continued her verbal teasing.

"Oh baby. Your cock looks so swollen and hard. And look at how wet it is. Did all my teasing have this effect on you?"

Doc's mouth had become dry. He could not speak and just nodded. He thought just what kind of kinky threesome did Christina have in mind? 

Christina again used her fingernail to slowly stroke the length of his cock, over his balls, and then lightly around his puckered rosebud. As her fingernail stroked his rosebud, Doc moaned again. Christina verbally teased him all the more.

"My my my. Just look at that cock. Doesn't it look inviting. Now what shall I do first? How am I going to USE my little FUCK TOY first tonight?"

Carrie was the first to chime in.

"Oh yes, it does look inviting. I think your fuck toy is enjoying what you're doing to him. And look how his ass winked for you when just your fingernail touched it. You know, if you plan on DOING ANYTHING with HIS ASS, you should probably allow him to cum at least once first. That will help him relax before the next build up."

Mandy was next to tease.

"His hard cock is so excited that it's leaking. Maybe it needs some sort of FEMININE ATTENTION."

Phyllis sighed loudly before speaking.

"Look at how swollen his balls are. I bet he has lots of cum in there just begging to be released. Think he has enough for ALL OF US? I hope so."

Following suit, Jamie piped in.

"Look how spread open he is for us in that swing. Christina we could do ANYTHING we want to with him tonight."

Clare was the last to add her teasing.

"Look at that PUCKERED ROSEBUD ladies. It's winking for us. Is that some sort of INVITATION? I think it is."

Christina almost laughed aloud as she saw the look of confusion and surprise on Doc's face. Startled or not, Doc's body betrayed his true thoughts. His cock throbbed and his ass winked even more. Christina took this as her queue and again allowed her fingernails to trace down the length of his cock, teasingly over his balls and finally down to his rosebud. This time she lingered there and began to draw little circles around his puckered and winking rosebud. 

Smiling, she began to verbally tease Doc even more.

"Oh my. Do you think he would like me to do something with his ass? Tell me my little FUCK TOY; do you want US to play with YOUR ASS tonight? Do you want to GIVE ME YOUR ASS like a good fuck toy? Do you want me to POP YOU ANAL CHERRY tonight like you said you did? Do you want US ALL to FUCK THAT CHERRY ASS tonight - ALL NIGHT LONG? Do you want your biggest fantasy fulfilled?"

Doc's head was beginning to reel even more. He thought to himself.

"How many women were here with Christina? This was not a threesome with her friend Carrie! Did he count right? Were there 5 other voices? Had complete strangers watched him strip for Christina? Were they here watching him as he had stroked his cock for Christina? Now not only was Christina able to see him completely spread and open for her, but so could all these other women. This was becoming more and more intensely erotic by the moment."

Christina became more stern with her teasing lament.

"Answer me. Does my fuck toy want me to take his ANAL CHERRY tonight? If so, I hope you know WE plan on playing with your ass ALL NIGHT LONG and using you as OUR fuck toy ALL NIGHT. Are you sure this is what you want? Do you want to GIVE YOUR VIRGIN ASS to ALL my girl friends and me tonight?

Doc's head was spinning from all the teasing and erotic build up. His answer was immediate and was just as Christina expected he would answer.

"Oh God yes Christina. Take it. Take my anal cherry. It's my gift to you my sexy lover. Damn you have me so damn turned on. Make me your fuck toy for the night. You and your friends can do what ever you want for as long as you want."

Christina beamed as she turned to her girlfriends.

"Did you here that girls? He's all ours. HIS VIRGIN ASS IS ALL OURS! Good boy. Now I want to take advantage of that hard cock before we do anything else. Then it will be time for you to say good bye to your anal cherry because WE are going to POP that cherry plenty tonight. This is going to be an ALL NIGHT ANAL GANG BANG my little fuck toy!"

Christina walked over to the swing. She used one leg to step over the swing and then the same with the other until she was positioned right above Doc's throbbing hard cock. Doc could feel her thighs on either side of his waist. When her hand grabbed the base of his shaft, his hips involuntarily jerked upward. Christina lightly slapped the side of his hip to remind Doc she was in charge this evening. Then with a slow deliberate movement, she lowered herself down just enough to slide the head of his cock along her swollen pussy lips. The clicking of the camera was a distant thought as Christina felt the heat of his cock sliding along her soaked pussy.

Doc and Christina both moaned as the head of his cock hit her clit. With no warm up, Christina took the head of his cock and worked it into the opening of her hot pussy. He had teased her all week and then she turned the tables on him today by teasing him without mercy. Now her pussy was more than ready, as her nectar was flowing like a river. The heat from his cock just excited her even more. 

In one quick motion, Christina impaled her pussy down onto Doc's cock, taking the entire length deep inside her. Then as if she had become a wild banshee, Christina began to fuck down hard on Doc's cock. Up and down, over and over, with each movement she ground down hard onto his cock forcing her clit to grind into his pelvis. She was using his cock for her own gratification. At this point, he was indeed her fuck toy.

Carrie had been taking pictures when Christina was just teasing her pussy with Doc's cock head. Now she was taking shot after shot trying to capture as much of this erotic happening as possible. The other girls were lost in the erotic sights that had begun to unfold. Each of them had begun playing with their clits and nipples. Ooohs and ahhhs were escaping their lips while also encouraging Christina to fuck down with even more wild abandon. 

Christina had worked herself into a state of total euphoria. She had been turned on all week. And tonight had just brought her eroticism and lust to a resounding crescendo. She knew it wouldn't take her long to cum this first go round. She was right there and just needed a little push over the edge. She began an onslaught of more erotic teasing, as much for her as it was for her fuck toy lover.

'Oh that's it. Fuck me with that cock lover. Be my good fuck toy. Give me that cock. Give me all of it. Make me cum like a good fuck toy. Oh yes. That's it. Right there. I'm almost there. Oh yes baby that's it. Now cum in me, cum hard. I'm going to cum, cum with me. Ahhhhh yes ohh ohhh ohhhh ohhh. Uh huh. Uh huh."

Doc began to erupt jets of hot cum into Christina. His cum had been building all day. It felt as though his cum was beginning at his toes and boiling up his thighs before being released deep in Christina's hot pussy. Volley after volley exploded into her steamy tunnel. Christina was rolling her head from side to side in her own beautiful release. Each shot of cum that bathed the walls of her pussy just ignited her cum even further.

As she gained some sort of composure, she looked down to see Doc's cum starting to ooze from her pussy and pool at the base of his cock. Sliding her hand down, she held it in place right above her clit as she slowly lifted herself of Doc's cock. As soon as her pussy was free of Doc's cock, she slid her hand over her pussy to trap his cum. And just as she did when she straddled Doc's cock; she reversed the movement to climb off him and the swing. With her hand in place, he walked to the head of the swing and positioned herself so she was now straddling Doc's head. Looking down at her lover, she began her next instructions.

"Here my lover. I have something for you, so stick out your tongue like a good boy. That's it, show me you want it. Now be a good fuck toy and clean the mess you've made."

The words had no sooner left her lips than she removed her hand. Her eyes were glued to the cum dripping from her pussy onto Doc's outstretched tongue. The camera zoomed in for a close up of the cum starting to cover Doc's tongue and then followed Christina' pussy down onto Doc's tongue. Christina sighed deeply as she further taunted her new fuck toy.

"Oh my, that's a good fuck toy, clean me good. Lick that pussy and clit you love so well. That's it. Lick it good. Build me up so I can cum again. And you know when I cum I'll squeeze my pussy muscles hard and push all that cum juice out of me. Oh yeah baby. That's it. Right there. Make me cum. Eat my pussy. Suck our cum out of me. Maybe I'll let you lick my ass as well. I know you want my ass. I know you like sinking your tongue into my ass. That's it. Lick that spot right there. Make me cum baby. That's it. Oh yes, good tongue. Eat me."

Christina established a rhythm of rocking her pussy and clit across Doc's tongue and lips. Over and over she rocked back and forth. All the time Doc was eating her, the camera was clicking away. It wasn't long before Christina felt her cum building again. As it started to roll along her spine, she could feel it getting closer and closer. Finally it was upon her. It was if an electric explosion went off along her spine and sent shock waves straight to her clit and pussy. He pussy contracted as she came and in doing so, flooded Doc's mouth with her cum and his as well. The mingled juices just heightened his own pleasure as he continued to lick his lover. Slowly Christina removed her pussy from Doc's mouth. Damn, she could stay there all night and just let him feast on her. But, she had other plans. She had a virgin ass to take and make hers.
