 Jonny and Christine held each other in the shower for a while, cool water beating down on their shoulders. She closed her eyes and laid her head on his shoulder. She felt safe in his strong arms. She liked the way her naked body fit against his. His hands were rubbing the sore muscles in her back. She smiled as she felt his fingers rub out the kinks. "The driver here was hard on you," he commented. She nodded, purring from the massage. "You'll have plenty of time to relax, now that you're here." She smiled again. "I think you'll get along well with everyone else here, too." 

She raised an eyebrow. "This place isn't all yours?" 

"I wish. During the school year there are six people in this house. It's not quite that crazy, now that it's summer." 

"Well, who are they?" 

"My friend Bryan lives in a room down this hall. He's a bartender downtown, so he keeps fairly odd hours. My room is in the basement. And—"

There was a knock on the bathroom door. A female voice rang out: "Jonny, are you almost done in there?" Christine looked at the door. That voice... she could have sworn she'd heard it before, somewhere. 

"And that's Elizabeth," Jonny continued. He shouted at the door: "We'll be out in a minute, Elizabeth!" 

Elizabeth? Christine thought. No... couldn't be. 

Jonny turned off the shower, opened the shower curtain. He wrapped a towel around Christine's wet body before he started toweling himself off. There was another knock on the door. "Jonny, who are you in there with?" Elizabeth demanded. 

Christine's eyes grew wide. That voice was unmistakable. "Elizabeth!" Christine said, an exclamation. The door was suddenly flung open, and there was standing Christine's best friend from her freshman year of college, Elizabeth, an Italian goddess. She was wearing only a towel. She leapt to Christine and hugged her tightly. Then, at the same time, each said to the other: "What the hell are you doing here?" 

Jonny laughed. "How do you two know each other?" 

"I told you about Elizabeth," Christine said. "She's the one girl who ever kissed me." 

"I remember," Jonny said. 

"How did you get here? With Jonny?" Christine asked. She couldn't believe what was happening. 

"A year after I left Hood, I ran away. I wanted to go to California. I stopped here in Columbia, Missouri for a night. I was having dinner by myself at the hotel bar, when in walks this guy," Elizabeth explained. 

"That's me," Jonny said. 

"He was really nice, and we hung out for the rest of the night, after he took care of some business of something," Elizabeth said. 

"I don't usually frequent hotel bars," Jonny said. "I was there to get some weed from a friend from out of town." 

"That was some really good weed," Elizabeth commented. She turned to Christine. "So what were you doing here? And in the shower with Jonny no less! Jonny, I don't think I've ever known you to bring home a girl!" She whacked Jonny on his arm. "And how come you never told me you knew her?" 

Christine blushed and said: "Well... we met on the internet, in a chat room, and I never wanted to stop talking to him. And then I ran away, just a few days ago, to come here." 

"Christine!" Elizabeth said. "I never thought you would do something like that!" 

"Love will make you do crazy things," Christine said, looking back at Jonny. He blushed and ran his towel through his thick curly brown hair. 

"Jonny you better treat her right, or I'll beat you up," Elizabeth said. "Now get out of here, I need to shower and then we can hang out all night, okay?" 

"That sounds great, Elizabeth," Jonny said, and he led Christine from the bathroom. "I'll get your bag," he said. She had left it on the front porch. He ran outside to get it. There was still daylight outside. He brought her bag inside and then he led her through the kitchen and down a flight of stairs, into the basement. "My room is right over here. If you want your own room, there's one right next to mine. Or you can probably just stay in my room. Or Elizabeth's. Whatever you like." 

She looked up at him and said: "I'd like to stay with you, Jonny." 

He smiled and led her into his room. It was small, and most of the room was taken up by the queen-sized bed. There was room for a desk and chair, and his laptop computer sat on the desk. Old rock and roll posters covered every square inch of wall. The bed wasn't made. It had four thin metal posts, one at each corner. Christine sat down on the bed and her towel accidentally came undone, leaving her naked again. Jonny closed the door and then looked at her for a moment, admiring her beautiful body. She blushed, but he came over and kissed her, on the lips, softly. Their lips never came apart as they moved up the bed, kissing each other until her head came to rest on his pillow. He kissed her harder then, and pressed his body against hers, wrapping his arms around her and holding her close. He reached under the pillows, and she heard the light clanking of metal, but his kisses were too distracting for her to see was it was. He suddenly had her wrist in his hand. He broke the kiss and grabbed her other wrist, pulling them close to each other, over her head. 

"Jonny, what—"

Something cold and metal was suddenly wrapped around each of her wrists. Jonny was suddenly kneeling over her, straddling her at her belly. He had another pair of handcuffs in his hand, and with these he attached her cuffs to the metal bedframe, over her head, so she could not move her hands. 

"Jonny, let me go," she pleaded. "Please, Jonny, let me go..." 

He shook his head, smiling wickedly and looking down at her. "I've wanted to do this since the first time we talked, when you said you wanted a dominant man." His cock was hard and right in front of her face. He placed the pillow under her head, and then rubbed her tits, squeezing them, and he leaned down so he could press his cock on them. He did and she squirmed. He grabbed each of her tits and pressed them together, with his cock in the middle, and slid it back and forth. She squirmed some more underneath him, but she was stuck. She could not get away. He rubbed his cock some more between her tits before climbing up the bed a bit more, and he held his hard cock in his hand and rubbed it all over her face, getting a little precum on her lips. She licked at it with her tongue, and then he pressed the head of his cock against her lips. She held her mouth tightly shut. 

"Open up, you little slut," Jonny said. 

She couldn't believe what he had just called her! She opened her mouth to protest, and when she did he slid his cock right in. She tried to talk around it but her tongue couldn't form the words with his big hard cock in her mouth. He slid his cock in and out, slowly. "Suck on it, you know you like it, Christine, you know you like to be my little whore, let me do anything I want to you, you slut." He started moving his cock in and out a little faster. His cock was hitting the back of her throat, and then she realized how wet she was. Well... she'd been wet since she'd arrived, Jonny just seemed to have that effect on her. 

But she found herself loving what he was doing to her. And the things he was saying to her... 

She started sucking on his dick, running her tongue all over it as best she could. He started fucking her mouth faster, his cock going in and out, down her throat every time he thrust in, and she sucked on the full length of him. He grabbed the back of her head with his hands suddenly, and pushed his cock into her mouth and down her throat as far as it would go. It suddenly got bigger in her throat and mouth, and she couldn't breathe. He kept it there, and suddenly his cock was spasming in her throat, firing its cum down her throat. Her eyes rolled behind her head. She gagged on his cock. 

And then suddenly she could breathe again. He pulled it out of her mouth and collapsed on the bed next to her. He hugged her tightly. "That's the third time you've come in an hour!" she said. 

"I know, I can hardly believe it. I guess I built up a lot waiting for you," Jonny said. "I haven't been with anyone since I left my last girlfriend." Christine looked at him in disbelief. He hugged her again. "Like you said, love will make you do crazy things. And you're really good at sucking me off," he said, and winked at her. She smiled. 

"I love you, Jonny." 

"I love you, Christine," he replied. 

"Think you can uncuff me now?" she asked. 

"Honey, I'm not nearly done with you yet." 

Christine closed her eyes and smiled. Her kitty was so wet she could feel it on the sheets under her. Suddenly, she heard footsteps coming down the stairs. "Christine? Jonny?" It was Elizabeth. 

"You stay put," Jonny said to her. Christine raised an eyebrow. 

"Do I look like I'm going anywhere?" Jonny laughed and grabbed his towel, wrapped it around his waist, and opened the door. Elizabeth was standing there. 

"Am I interrupting?" Elizabeth asked. 

"Well..." Jonny said, "kind of." He tried to shut the door to his room but she had already seen Christine, naked and cuffed to the bed. 

"Christine, you're a naughty girl!" 

"Elizabeth can you take the keys away from him?"

"No way. I've been thinking of getting you in a position just like that since we met!" 

Christine's eyes grew wide. "Wh-what do you mean, Elizabeth?" 

"I'll show you what I mean in just a minute," Elizabeth said. Christine heard her run up the stairs. A few moments later she was running back down. Jonny sat down on the bed next to Christine. She tried pleading with him again to let her go. He refused. Elizabeth came into Jonny's room. "Turn her over. So she's lying on her belly." Jonny grabbed her at the hips, picked her up a bit, and flipped her. She landed on her belly, her hands still over her head, cuffed to the bed. Jonny sat down next to Christine on the bed, watching Elizabeth. 

"What are you going to do to me?" Christine asked meekly. 

"You're about to find out," Jonny said. He ran his fingers up and down Christine's back, from her neck to her ass. She shivered. Elizabeth was strapping something. Christine had no idea what she was doing. She heard her moan at one point. 

Christine felt Elizabeth get on the bed behind her. Elizabeth grabbed Christine at the hips and picked her up, forcing her to be on her knees. Christine used her elbows to leverage herself on the bed. 

"Christine have you ever used a dildo before?" 

Christine whimpered her answer into the pillow. She felt Elizabeth's hands running all over her hips, her ass, her thighs. She moaned out loud when she felt something beginning to probe at her kitty's opening. It slid in a couple of inches. It felt like a cock, but without the heat. She looked at Jonny. He kissed her on the cheek and whispered in her ear: "Does that feel good? What she's doing to you?"

Christine nodded. It slid into her a bit more. She heard Elizabeth moan again. She couldn't believe what was happening. Jonny asked her: "Do you know what a strap-on is?" She nodded again. "Elizabeth's got a cock filling her pussy that's exactly the same as the one she's fucking you with." The silicon cock slid further into her. She moaned again and bit her lip. Jonny kissed her on the lips, and she kissed back. The dildo suddenly found its way all the way inside her, and she broke the kiss and cried out:

"Elizabeth!" she said. 

Slowly, agonizingly slowly, Elizabeth slid the cock back out of Christine's kitty, until just the tip was in. Then, a little faster, Elizabeth drove it all the way inside her. Within moments, in and out, in and out, both girls were crying out in pleasure. Elizabeth suddenly took the cock out of Christine and was at her side. "Let me get underneath you," Elizabeth said. Christine raised her leg and Elizabeth slid underneath her. Jonny got behind Christine, and grabbed Elizabeth's cock, guiding it toward Christine's kitty. The tip found the entrance and the rest slid all the way in, again. Christine moaned again, crying out, and bucked her hips. It felt so good, filling her like that. And Elizabeth...

Elizabeth kissed her. 

Christine kissed back. 

The girls kissed and kissed, the tits pressed together, and Elizabeth's hands roamed free all over Christine's body. Christine was still cuffed to the bed, but she bucked her hips in rhythm with Elizabeth's thrusting, and the girls were in heaven. 

Christine suddenly found herself coming. She kissed Elizabeth passionately, and Elizabeth was coming too. They kept going at it, crying out and moaning through their kisses. 

Elizabeth slowed down a bit then, and Christine suddenly felt Jonny's hands on her hips, and his hot hard cock rubbing between her asscheeks. She felt a wet finger probing at her asshole. "No!" she said, "don't! Jonny don't, please don't!" 

Jonny didn't seem to hear her. Elizabeth drove the dildo into Christine again, and then the Jonny pushed the head of his cock against her tight asshole. His cock was hard, and he pushed hard into her, but she was tight. It took him a couple of minutes before he got the head inside her. She cried out. He pushed hard into her. Her kitty was full of dildo, and now he was pushing into her ass! 

It was too much for her to handle. She started to cum again, bucking on the dildo, but Jonny held her steady with his strong arms, hands on her hips, and then he slowly, surely drove his cock into her asshole, pushing it as far as it would go. Christine's eyes rolled behind her head—the pleasure was simply too much. Her ass and kitty were full as they could be. Waves of ecstasy rolled over her. Jonny started pumping his cock deep in her, a slow, steady rhythm. Elizabeth caught on, and thrust her dildo into Christine as Jonny was pulling his cock out. Then Jonny would drive his cock deep into her ass, and Elizabeth would slide the dildo out. When one was filling her, the other wasn't. They worked her, in and out like that. Christine was coming like mad now. She couldn't stop it. Elizabeth kissed and sucked on one side of her neck and Jonny did the same on the other side. Their bodies were all pressed together. 

They fucked her hard, after that. She had long ago lost track of the number of orgasms she had. So had Elizabeth. By the time Jonny filled her ass with his cum, it was dark outside. The three of them collapsed on the bed. Jonny undid Christine's handcuffs and kissed her wrists. 

"I love you Jonny," Christine said, and kissed him. She turned and looked at Elizabeth. "I love you Elizabeth." She kissed her. The three of them held each other tightly. Crickets chirped outside in the summer evening. Christine smiled, contentedly, nestled between two lovers she had long dreamed of.