 [This series is continuous so it will be necessary to read the first installment to get into the story. There is some direct reference to bodily functions so those unhappy with that should read no further.] 

*

Christine held her hand around Jim's hard cock for a time as she tested him to ensure he did not cum while only the head was still in Susie's vagina. Then she gave the order for him to withdraw and stand up, hard cock pointing up, apparently to be deprived of orgasm. Susie, too, looked round at her older dominating sister, disappointed to be left on all fours high and dry.

"You both should understand that my controlling when you can orgasm is an important part of your disciplinary regimen," Christine told her Susie and Jim, who as husband and wife had not been accustomed to delaying gratification of this kind previously. "Orgasm will now be a reward for your good behavior."

"However," she smiled, "I'm not a really cruel bitch, although you both probably want me to be on some occasions so you can use this experience to improve your overall lifestyle. So let's proceed tonight by my asking Jim to undress me for the next part of our program."

Susie, still on all fours on the bed, with her red bottom from being spanked by Christine, sticking out for the others to see, whined, "Oh, you mean I don't get to have him in me so I can cum, Chris?"

Seeing the stern look on her older sister's face, Susie realized her mistake and added, "Oh, I'm sorry, Miss Christine, I won't forget that again, oh, please don't spank me again for that!"

Chris smiled as Jim carefully unbuttoned her crisp white blouse, removed it and unzipped her classic grey flannel skirt. She now was standing in her lovely white bra and matching garter belt and panties, along with her seamed stockings and pumps. She motioned to Jim to unhook her bra and then she smiled as he patted her ample 36C chest and felt her nipples stick out and become firm.

She took the next step of slipping down her panties and unhooking her garter belt, rolling down her stockings as she stepped out of her smart burgundy pumps. Now all three were in the all-together together and Chris lay down on the bed next to her sister, still on all fours.

Jim stared at Christine's plentiful sandy blonde pubes and wondered what might be in store for him in particular. His fantasies of fucking this lovely woman were rapidly escalating.

"Jim," Christine said in a severe tone, "get over here on your knees and start showing me some oral appreciation."

As she readied for her own intercourse, she issued a crushing order to her expectant younger sister to pull up her shameful little girl panties.

Seeing Susan begin to mope, Christine snapped, "Susie, you will not whine or carry on or you will get another spanking, and be wearing those panties all the time but you will not be having any sex at all."

Now Jim responded to his domme's instructions and began lapping at Chris's already wet but tight slit. He leaned his face into the warm orifice and enjoyed the powerful flavor, both taste and smell, that exuded from Christine's hairy pleasure center. Chris was getting very very wet and had to resist moving her hips in rhythm with his tongue's swipes at her pussy.

Soon she could hold back no longer and came quite strongly, moving her lower body and giving Jim a nice squirt of her warm pussy juice in his face. While this was going on, Susie looked disconsolate at her husband's having brought her older sister to the orgasm Susie had been denied. 

Christine came down from her cum to force herself to rise to her feet and extract her thin cane from her handbag. Both Susie and Jim blanched as they saw her brandish the clearly painful implement and give it a fear-inducing swish through the air.

"Susan," Chris intoned, "I hope I do not need to keep giving you a refresher course on behavior, but you clearly need one." She lay the cane across Susie's already red bottom, drew it back, and with two quick flicks of her wrist, applied two penetrating strokes across the middle of her sister's cute bottom.

Susie screeched from the pain which only deepened as the cane strokes sunk in, and the tell-tale tram marks appeared on her bottom. 

"Oh, oh," Susie cried, "oh, Miss Christine, I won't sulk and I'll be good, I will, I will!"

"That's what I like to hear, sweetie," Chris said warmly, "but you need two more to make sure you remember." With that, she lined the cane up at the base of Susie's bottom and with two more flicks of her wrist, aimed two strokes at the very sensitive area between Susie's bottom and thighs. 

Susie couldn't help but let out a real cry of pain this time and Christine whispered in her ear, "There, there, sweetie. That's over."

Christine now lay back down next to Susie, who still was required to remain on all fours on the bed and told not to rub her aching bottom cheeks. Christine spread her attractive legs and with her finger, beckoned her brother-in-law to her love tunnel by calmly pulling him by the penis in between her legs.

Jim was delighted to get the chance to fuck his sister-in-law so soon and somehow resisted the urge to plunge his tool into her waiting cunt. He penetrated her orifice slowly and felt pleased when he heard her murmurs of pleasure at his approach. He also realized he had better use his arms to hold his weight off her lithe body so that the only pressure Chris felt was the pistoning of his firm prong in and out of her wet hole.

Jim did lean down to lick and kiss Chris's now very firmly risen nipples and also take the advantage of kissing her there and on her warm lips, welcoming her opening those to welcome his tongue as it met hers.

It did not take too long for her to reach a delightful orgasm and she also indicated to Jim when he was now permitted to cum inside her so as to increase her own enjoyment by simultaneously climaxing. 

Chris did not intend to leave Susie without any satisfaction when both Jim and Chris had achieved quite massive orgasmic pleasure. She reached over as she was coming down from her own cum and began teasing Susie's cute little love button with her fingers. She assumed Susie shared her own huge clitoral sensitivity and her estimation was confirmed as her younger sister immediately began to flow copiously and buck her hips in response to Chris's clever teasing.

Susie turned out to be quite the hot little number, Chris concluded, as the younger sister thrashed in pleasure from a strong cum induced by the older sister's ministrations.

Christine now stood and told Jim and Susie that part of their regular sessions would be the opportunity to clean Chris's private areas. Jim realized she wanted to feel his tongue down in her pussy so he knelt before her as she stepped so as to provide access to her wet hole. He licked her clean as he tasted his own cum mixed with her juices flowing plenteously from her soppy opening.

She then directed the two to stand before her and she walked round them, inserting a finger in Susie's still excited pussy and running her nail up Jim's once-again turgid shaft. She lifted the covers on the bed and with her finger invited first Susie to get under them and after Chris herself had situated next to her sister, beckoned Jim to join them on her other side.

"I do feel that all disciplinary sessions should be followed by a chance for the three of us to feel good about each other and doing that right here like this makes for the best results," she said. With that, she took Susie in her arms and embraced her, holding her sister tight. Susie smiled in response and grasped Chris, running her hands lovingly over the domme's breasts and then cautiously letting her fingers slip into Chris's still very wet pussy.

Jim for his part patted Chris's soft brilliant hair and ran his hands over her face and down her torso. Chris enjoyed this attention and intended to include body worship in the routine she would install for them. Now she decided she will cement the relationship by allowing Susie finally to receive the fucking she obviously desired all the more.

"Jim," Christine said in her best dominant tone, "you now are permitted to have your wife in the traditional fashion. Susie, you may carefully roll over me and position yourself to receive your husband in full intercourse."

Susie smiled broadly, a bit surprised that Christine was being generous after having disciplined Susie so severely. She rolled over Chris, making sure not to allow her frame to linger over her sister and lay on her back, legs askew as Jim mounted her and carefully inserted his cock into her.

She was delighted that her training was already having effect, when she heard both Jim and Susie ask her plaintively if they had permission to cum.

"Ah, you two are coming along quite nicely," she grinned, aware of her rather blunt pun, "so yes, you may both cum at your pleasure."

She relaxed as Jim moved his still-firm tool in and out of Susie's tight but now wet slit in faster and faster strokes until Susie began to moan and then cry out, making Chris realize what a noisy fuckjob Susie was.

After they both came and appeared quite sated, Chris motioned to Jim to roll back over her so Chris would again be positioned between them. She quietly asked the two if they had felt the session had accomplished what they had hoped.

Susie giggled and said she felt like a naughty schoolgirl, first having been spanked and caned on all fours with everyone observing her bottom, and then being fingered by her sister and fucked by her husband while lying in bed next to her sister. Jim nodded his agreement and added that he was surprised that he liked the way Christine took control and made him feel like a performing stud.

"I hope you both understand that I really do expect better behavior," Chris responded. "I don't want to hear any squabbling between you and I expect that the house will be kept tidy. I also feel that you will have time, Jim, to wash Susie's and my panties, which should remind you that you need to serve us."

Chris put one arm around Jim's shoulders and the other around Susie's smaller frame. 

"Now let's give each other hugs and fall asleep in our arms," she said. 

"Is that an order, Miss Christine?" Jim asked with a twinkle in his eye.

"It is," she grinned amicably.

Susie let a thought cross her mind as she had begun to relax. She decided she would brave Chris's annoyance but went ahead and spoke.

"Miss Christine," she began with respect, "can we expect that you will be introducing us to, shall I say, other new things in this relationship?"

Chris smiled and said it would likely be more enjoyable if things proceeded at her discretion but added, "You may definitely expect some new wrinkles. You did hear me warn you that you might find yourself wearing those panties all the time for punishment. There are plenty of other restrictions and punishments that may become necessary."

Susie was not especially satisfied and went so far as to ask Christine if this had been the kind of thing she had been in the habit of doing with her late husband.

"Harold and I did both have a taste for the somewhat exotic," Chris replied, happy to elucidate for her sister that there was a good deal waiting for her down the road. "You could see from what I wore that I abjure things like leather and metal, but I do love all kinds of domination."

Susie brightened as she realized she had hit upon a basis for assessing her sister's mind patterns.

"In fact," Chris added with a very sly smile, "we might now expose you to something Harold and I had been venturing into when his unfortunate end interrupted everything." She felt herself welling up now because she had really loved her husband while at the same time thrilling to the dominance that he seemed to crave and of which she became more and more enamored.

"Let's all go to the bathroom to complete our daily ablutions," Chris said. Susie immediately started wondering just what evil door she had inadvertently opened.

When they arrived, Chris began, "Do you both need to use the toilet?"

Both Jim and Susie couldn't help turning red in the face at the seemingly innocuous but obviously embarrassing inquiry.

"Yes," both said more or less together.

"And you will tell Miss Christine exactly what you need to do?" Chris continued, asking the shaming question in a most matter-of-fact tone.

Jim was taken aback, as was his wont, but muttered that he need to pee, while Susie now truly reddened and in a small voice, managed to stammer, "I...I...need to do...number two too." She nervously giggled at how that emerged.

"You should recognize that in this house I regard use of the toilet as a privilege," Christine declared. "And as with all privileges, it must be earned. If you misbehave, your use of the toilet may be...restricted," she added, without further comment, which made Jim and Susie cringe as they thought of being made to hold their bodily products until allowed relief.

She directed Jim to lie on his back in the bathtub and then told Susie to squat over him, with her shaved pudendum right over Jim's crotch. His firm and erect cock pointed up at her pussy but was sadly just far enough away to make direct contact impossible.

"Now you both have permission to pee," Chris said, "and I expect you to go ahead without any delay, or I may withdraw that permission."

Susie was worried that she would have trouble releasing her sphincter both in this squatting posture and in front of her husband and sister, while being made to urinate right on Jim. Jim really needed relief and it took no time at all for his cock to soften enough so a strong stream flowed rapidly from his peephole at the tip of his prong and aiming it with his fingers, managed with a grin to watch the pee stream hit Susie right between her spread labia.

For her part, Susie finally managed to concentrate on lessening the pressure in her bladder as she felt the pee move down her urethra and splash down on Jim's peeing penis. Chris enjoyed seeing them both proceed to comply with her orders and overcome their obvious inhibitions.

As both pee streams gradually ended, Susie looked up plaintively and in a little girlish tone, asked Chris if she could use the toilet for "you know, the other."

Chris smiled and nodded her head in a negative response, shocking Susie, who had not had much exposure to this kind of kink.

"If you wish to take advantage of this opportunity to have a bowel movement," Chris said somewhat officiously, "you will turn round, keep squatting, and proceed to do just that."

Susie was again taken aback but Jim was not happy as he complained, "You mean she is going to shit on me just like that?"

Christine's eyes flashed as she reminded him, "When you address me with any question, you will say 'Miss Christine' or expect to be reminded with my cane. And yes, not only will you receive her waste on you, but you will lean up after she is finished and clean her anally with your tongue."

Jim blanched but refrained from incurring any further displeasure on the part of the obviously stern sister-in-law whose dominance he had accepted.

Susie really was feeling mental pressure now as her rectum yearned to empty itself but her mind recoiled at the prospect of excreting her bowel movement in front of the two of them and onto her husband's body. But she applied her muscles and strained enough so that a very long, moderately thick, light brown log slipped out of her cute little anus and dropped neatly onto Jim's hairy crotch right above his again-erect cock.

Christine handed Jim some toilet tissue and motioned to him to scoop the turd off himself and deposit it in the adjacent open toilet. He gladly responded as she had indicated.

He grimly realized he was going to have to lick his wife's dainty but obviously disgusting anal opening now so he resolutely lifted his head and shoulders and moved his mouth between her red cheeks. His nose was greeted by the always nasty smell of someone else's shit but he was grateful that Susie had excreted a firm movement that left little residue on the anal pucker.

"Please make sure you insert your tongue to clean her nicely inside, Jim," Christine reminded him as he thought he might be able to avoid letting that organ insinuate itself into the inevitably cute but dirty hole. "You will insert your tongue as you kiss her on her anal rosette, giving her what one of my favorite authors calls the 'kiss of devotion,' which must be deeply felt."

Jim obligingly let caution be put aside and applied himself to his awful assigned task. He gave Susie what really was a very sweet kiss—he thought about how weird it was that he was tasting the essence of bitterness—and let his tongue probe into her back passage, tasting the acrid residue of her recent excretion.

He withdrew and grimaced but made sure not to show any annoyance to Christine, now firmly ensconced as his domme. 

Chris sat herself on the toilet seat and proceeded to release her own ample flow of urine into the bowl as her sister and brother-in-law watched, still unused to observing this kind of personal act. Both were now standing in the tub and Chris beckoned Susie with her finger, "Come over her, Sis, and get down in front of me. It's your turn to lick me clean."

Susie was still amazed at what had happened in the bathroom, on top of the events preceding, but did what she was told and knelt before her sister and leaned forward into Chris's hairy snatch to lick the urine drops from Chris's vulva and hair. The taste was salty but also mixed with the female effusions that Chris had produced during her sex with Jim.

After everyone washed hands, Chris led them back to her large bed. She had laid out nightgowns for Susie and her and suggested that Jim retrieve whatever he liked to wear while sleeping. He left and returned with a tee shirt and undershorts and joined the two women under the covers. 

Chris gave each of them a hug and thanked them for making her feel more than at home. Susie laughed and said she was a bit sore especially on her bottom cheeks but was happy to have her big sister take charge. Jim smiled and said that he was still getting used to this new regimen but that he knew it would benefit both Susie and him, although he felt very embarrassed being taken across Chris's lap for a spanking. 

"And you haven't even felt my thin cane yet on your naughty bottom!" Chris chuckled.