 Long ere I spied the weathered signpost pointing the path to Taylorsville, I had felt that something was amiss.

My aged bones were huddled against the freezing rain, and Old Dolly must have ambled down a wrong road somewhere past Statesboro. With my eyes tucked underneath the felt brim, I hadn't noticed. Night had fallen hours ago, and I could venture no guess how far we'd gone. Icicles weighed the barren limbs overhanging the unfamiliar road's freezing mud. This threatened to be my worst Christmas ever.

The Christmas Eve's morn had dawned gray and dreary enough, but I was of good spirits. The growing seasons and the tobacco markets had both been exceptional. I'd sold a bumper crop at premium prices. The machines were oiled, and the drying barns had been chinked. As I had nothing to engage me for a couple of weeks before preparing the fields for next year, I decided on a whim to surprise my last remaining kin, nephew Ned in Morgantown. I loaded up Dolly and we set out westward, stopping in Winston to pick up a few gifts: a flask of French Cognac for Ned, a pearl necklace for his shrewish wife, and candies for his eight, untamed little terrors.

The old town of Salem was not yet out of sight ere the rain began. The chilly breeze grew dreadful as the day wore on. I was soon drenched and shivering. I now regretted that I hadn't bothered to pack an oilskin, thinking that I'd be at Ned's tonight. There was little I could do but keep Dolly trudging forward through the foul muck, hoping that I could find some lodging in Taylorsville, then swing south to Morgantown on the morrow.

The wind picked up, driving the sleet and ice into my face. I thought I detected a distant flash, and wiped the rain from my eyes. Yes, there it was again. Through the tangle of icy limbs, I spied a light, then two. The beacons appeared to come from the windows of a house. As I approached, my heart leapt at the post house sign. Surely, they would have room for a cold and weary traveler. I dare say I would be gratified to inhabit their stable if it would protect me from this accursed, freezing rain.

Lashing Dolly at the post and removing my pack and saddlebags, I rapped at the brightly lit door. A portly, rosy-faced woman answered the door with an enthusiastic grin. Before I could say a word, she grabbed my arm, yanking me forcefully out of the frigid night and into the warm glow of the entranceway. Her red hair was piled up on her head, and her fair complexion was marked only by the radiance of her cheeks.

The rich aroma of fresh cooking reminded me of how long it had been since last I ate. My mouth watered.

"Erna! Ilsa!" she yelled toward the back of the house, followed by a string of gibberish in a foreign tongue.

Two other women appeared, a tall dark-haired woman from the parlor, and a petite red-haired woman in a colorful dress bounding down the stairs.

The vivacious younger woman was exceedingly thin, and almost childlike in stature, barely coming to my chin. Something in her carriage and the confidence in her eyes spoke of a certain maturity, however. Perhaps it was the hint of crow's feet at the corners of her eyes.

The older woman was sturdily built and as tall as me, with a strong jawline and broad shoulders. She held herself priggishly, and the black dress did little to soften her stern appearance. Of the three of them, only she did not smile.

"Merriweather Fitch, at your service" I bowed to the ladies, removing my hat. "I would gladly pay for a small corner to rest my weary head for the night. Perhaps I and my horse might avail ourselves of your stable?"

The others deferred to the large, dark-haired woman. "My name is Erna," she said. Her whispery voice was low and silky. She spoke with a thick accent whose pitch rose and fell in an oddly metered cadence.

She held out her hand. It seemed uncommonly large. I took it and kissed the back, noting the few coarse, dark hairs on her knuckles. As I arose, I caught the brief glimmer of a smile at the tight corners of her mouth.

"My sisters und I, we should be pleased if you would stay here with us, yah?" she said in her thick accent.

I offered, "I will gladly pay whatever you would ask, if I might but curl up in a warm corner of your floor."

"Tut, tut," she waved her hand and shook her head. "Is Christmas, Herr Fitch, yah? Please, you must share with us our meal, und our house."

I bowed again, "I thank you most graciously, Miss...?"

"My name is Erna," she said with a gentle nod. "This is my sister Anna," she gestured toward the rotund woman with the red cheeks.

Anna curtsied, grinning cheerfully. "Yah, this is much happiness that you come here, sir."

I'm sure I appeared confused in my attempt to translate her speech pattern.

Erna spoke up. "We are new to this America from Germany. My sister Anna, she is learning the language." Nodding toward the young woman hiding behind her red-cheeked sister, she said, "Little Ilsa, she speaks no English."

The shy, slim woman tittered like a nervous sparrow, lowering her eyes bashfully at the sound of her name.

"It is my pleasure to make your acquaintance," I said, bowing to each of them. "And I thank you for your kind hospitality. If I may, I will tend to my horse..."

"Tut, tut," Erna waved again. "Ilsa," she said, then uttered a short snappy phrase in their native tongue. Some of the shopkeepers in Salem spoke excellent English with vaguely similar accents, but this was incomprehensible.

Ilsa quickly wrapped herself in a thick shawl and retrieved an oversized Macintosh from a closet before she scurried out the door.

"Ilsa, she will feed and dry the horse. Please, come. Anna will show you to your room. You make yourself dry."

While I hung my wet hat and greatcoat in the hall, she issued some sort of instructions to Anna in German, to which Anna nodded her understanding.

"Dinner will be served soon," Erna said.

Anna led me to a large, well-appointed room at the top of the stairs. It was larger than my room at home. A four-post, canopied bed with ornate, wrought iron decorations on the massive headboard occupied most of the far wall, between the windows. A door was centered on each of the side walls.

Anna went to one of the doors. "Yah, this room, Anna," she said meaningfully, as though that fact was important. Her face shone with a particularly ebullient smile. She pointed to the opposite wall. "This door for Ilsa." Then gesturing across the hall, "Und das, excuse," she said trying to come up with the correct words. "This door ist Erna."

Then she mimicked the act of eating. "I go now, make dinner. I make good strudel for you, yah?" she said. She inspected me, from head to foot and nodded happily. "Good man," she said emphatically before going back downstairs, even though I was sure she knew little of my character.

After changing into dry clothes, I laid across the deep, downy mattress, and in short order, fell asleep. The sound of the dinner bell awakened me.

Erna was waiting at the bottom of the stairs. "Please, you will come and sit with us at our meal," she said without even a glimmer of amiability.

She led me to a large wooden table in the kitchen that was veritably stacked with a feast large enough to feed my nephew Ned's entire family. Some dishes were familiar. Most of them were not, but the delightful smells were too enticing to pass up. I tried a dozen dishes that I couldn't pronounce, even after Erna said them slowly. It was all scrumptious. The hearty ale was among the best this mouth had ever enjoyed.

I explained where Dolly and I were going, and how we ended up on their doorstep. They were all interested in tobacco, how it was farmed, and how many acres I owned. Erna translated as I explained. Anna asked about my wife, and I explained how she and my son had both died in childbirth. When Erna told them in German, Anna and Ilsa were taken aback. I saw tears, and they paused in respectful silence for a moment. Even Anna's smile was muted. I learned that Erna had been here for a couple of years—a mail order bride whose husband had died and left her the posthouse—and how she had paid passage to bring her old maid sisters over from Germany only recently.

I noticed that Erna ate like a bird, daintily nibbling at her plate. Tiny Ilsa ate two platefuls, and I saw her fill at least three tankards of ale. The third serving received a stern, reproachful look from Erna, if it were possible that she could be more austere. She said something in German, but Erna shrugged and drank away.

Anna was like a bottomless hole. She shoveled the food into her mouth ravenously. It was easy to discern how she had gained such a stout frame.

After dinner, they sat me in the parlor at a comfortable chaise by the fire. Their Christmas tree was gayly decked with all manner of sweets and glittery ornaments. Anna was constantly picking the sweets from the tree, often with disgruntled looks from Erna. Shy little Ilsa kept my glass filled with schnapps, but it was apparent to both Erna and I that she drank far more than I did. She seemed to hold it well, especially for her size. I did notice that she became less giggly, and seemed to warm to me as the spirits had their effect.

The three sisters played and sang lovely German carols for me before the elaborately decorated evergreen in their parlor. Anna played the German flute, Ilsa the violin, and Erna's thick fingers plucked at a lute. They were reasonably good instrumentalists, but it was their three-part harmonies that stole the show—Anna singing a high, warbling soprano, Ilsa with a lovely alto, and Erna's rich but breathy tenor holding the bottom. It was all very homey and comforting. I reflected thankfully on how just a few short hours before, I had expected this to be my worst Christmas Eve.

Reclining by the blazing fire with a belly full of Anna's delightful strudel and schnitzel, along with untold ales and schnapps, I found myself nodding off. I sadly bid my good nights to my charming hostesses, kissing their hands to much blushing and another pinched smile from Erna.

Retiring to my room, I filled the warming pan with a few coals from the fireplace. After such a hard ride and satisfying dinner, I was asleep ere my head fell onto the down pillow.

I don't know how long I had been asleep when the slow creaking of a door awoke me. I perked my ears against the noise of rain still pounding on the metal roof, trying to ascertain whether it had been an illusion, or if someone was in my room.

In the scant light from the fireplace, I spied a large white apparition coming toward me. I tensed in alarm, then relaxed when I recognized Anna's buoyant smile.

"What is it, Anna?" I said, but she put a finger to her lips.

She surprised me by abruptly lifting her chemise over her head and tossing it aside, displaying her bounteous bosom.

Under the thick coverlets, my manhood surged to life. It had been many years since a woman had given me such a view.

"What...?" I began, but Anna quieted me again, stuffing my mouth with one of her thick teats. I sucked greedily at the hard tip, taking as much of her heavy flesh as my lips could accommodate—and by the sound of her heated murmurs, to her obvious delight. She reached underneath the spread, uttering a pleasantly surprised, "Oh!" when she discovered the attributes of my raging hardness.

I shifted my attentions to her other nipple as she groped at me with the one hand, while her other occupied itself between her own meaty thighs. Offering my services, my fingers found her furrow quite lush and steamy. Her feminine pearl was firm and responsive, yielding soft whimpers at each touch. Her thighs thrust it against the heel of my hand while two fingers busied themselves deep inside her dripping quim. She babbled softly in German, then I felt her tense, holding her breath, and then sigh deeply.

Anna kissed me then, her thick lips clamped onto mine, sucking at my tongue. Pushing the covers aside and lifting my nightshirt, she bent over me and I felt the warm comfort of her mouth. Little by little, she swallowed more of me until I felt her nose poking at my belly. I was astounded, as no woman had ever performed such an act upon me. Her long, curly red hair floated over my belly while she bobbed back and forth, coaxing the cream from my spout.

As I had been years without female companionship, it wasn't long until she was gobbling my manly essence hungrily, emptying my bollocks of their supply. She stood, and in the dim light I saw her lick her lips, still wearing that insatiable grin. She gave me another quick kiss, picked up her chemise, and hastened back the way she came, surprisingly quiet for a woman of such dimensions.

Sated and smiling myself, I rolled over and fell back asleep, considering what a joyous Christmas Eve this had turned out to be.

Again, I awoke. I listened. the rain had stopped. Looking back toward Anna's door, I saw nothing. There it was again, sounding like a mouse scurrying across the floor, on the other side of the room. No, it was much larger than a mouse. I could barely make out a small childish form.

"Ilsa?" I whispered.

With catlike grace she mounted the bed and knelt herself bestride my loins, light as a sapling. There was nothing shy about this waif now. Leaning forward, she kissed me, gently at first, and with increasing passion, her tiny tongue reaching into my mouth to play. Her bottom rotated most enticingly against me, quickly reviving my virility.

She sat up and—like her sister—drew her chemise over her head, tossing it to the floor. She lifted my nightshirt and sat her cleft squarely astride my John Thomas, then began sliding her twat back and forth along its length like a child riding its wooden horsey. She raised my hands to her diminutive breasts, prompting me to squeeze and fondle them. When I tweaked a tiny nip, she exclaimed something breathily in German.

By now her self-indulgences upon my thick root had made her quite wet and ready—squishy sounds emanated from between us as she moved herself back and forth. Raising up, she pointed me skyward, and lowered herself upon me, ascended, and eased her snug quim over my rigid phallus. Once more, and she had seated herself on my lap with a satisfied, "Aah!"

Ilsa's tiny puss clenched me tighter than ever did my own hand. She began rocking slowly, gradually building her tempo, while mumbling vague German words. I understood "Mein Gott!" but all else was incomprehensible to me. Still, the gist of what she was saying was clear.

She was undulating feverishly now, leaning forward, her hands resting on my chest. I held her narrow, boyish hips, moving her upon me. The air filled with our groans and labored breathing. When I pinched her little tit, her back arched, held breath, her nails clenching my breast. With a long, strained moan, her climax overcame her, and she collapsed onto me.

I stroked her from her butt to her neck, and ran my fingers through her lovely long, red hair. When she recovered herself, she kissed me deliciously, and rolled to the side, beckoning me to come on top of her.

Kneeling between her limbs, I carefully laid atop her slender frame, bread and butter fashion, and entered her cozy warmth again. She pulled her knees to her chest, her ankles resting atop my shoulders, and soon I was lunging heatedly, encouraged by a squeaky litany of syllables which she repeated over and over in a manner that sounded—at least to me—as though she was pleading for my seed. Never one to deny a beautiful woman her desires, soon I did deliver myself into her with three fierce thrusts and an ardent groan, to which she seemed to climax again, and smiled gratefully.

We lay together for a short while, caressing and kissing lightly. With one final kiss on the tip of my wilted member, Ilsa retrieved her chemise and silently tiptoed back to her room.

Again, I drifted off to sleep, thinking of what an amazing Christmas Eve this had become. I would have to thank Dolly most graciously.

My door opened. Erna strode straight to my bed, and I could faintly see that she held a bowl, and several strands dangling from the crook of her arm. I had a passing thought of Dickensian dreams, but they obviously weren't chains.

Setting the bowl and the cords and the collection of short cords upon the bedside table, she kissed me. Her kiss was unlike either of her sisters. It was firm, resolute, and her lips barely moved upon mine. Still, there was something sensual in her strength, as though she were possessing me. I acquiesced, eager to see what enticements this sister might have for me.

Gently, she raised my arm to the headboard, and with a satiny cord, she lashed a wrist to the wrought iron decoration. Although my inclination was to resist such imprisonment, knowing the pleasures that her sisters had bestowed, I calmed myself and let her continue. She tied the other wrist the same. Bending over my waist, she took my erection in her mouth as Anna had done, but oh, so different. Whereas Anna had performed most exotically, Erna was simple and superb. No deep swallowing, just tender lavishments upon the most thrilling parts of my hard, sensitive flesh. I writhed and moaned with the enticing sensations, made all the more stimulating by the tension of tugging at my restraints.

I observed closely as Erna next made a loose loop with another rope, larger, but still smooth. She passed that over a foot, then did the same to another. Running each rope over one of the side rails of the canopy, she tugged them with her considerable strength, raising my legs straight up in the air, as in the shape of a 'V'.

"Erna," I said, becoming a little concerned. "What are you...?"

She, too, shushed me with a finger to her lips. Wordlessly, she came to me and kissed me again.

"Do you trust me, Herr Fitch?" she asked in her sultry, whispering tone. It was the first time I'd really seen her smile.

"Y—yes, I suppose I do." I replied, though truthfully, I wasn't entirely certain.

Her thick fingers stroked my cheek and combed through my hair. She pressed a finger to my lower lip, and without thinking, I opened my mouth, whereupon she suddenly stuffed a small rag into it. Before I could spit it out, she quickly wrapped a strip of linen around my head to hold it in. I struggled against the ropes, vainly. Erna looked at me compassionately, saying "Shh—be still, mein lover."

She climbed up on the bed, taking the small bowl with her, and placed her mouth over me again, and soon I was but clay in her hands. Her lips and tongue seemed to know exactly where I wanted her to lick, to touch, to suckle. She bent lower and pulled my bollocks into her mouth to my great enjoyment.

When she went even lower, I wasn't sure if I was more alarmed at the presence of her tongue at that most secret place, or if I was more chagrined at the incredible delight it gave me. Or was it the whiskers that scratched at my thigh.

She continued licking me there. Trussed as I was, I could naught but savor the delectable titillation of her lips and tongue. I had never imagined that touching my most intimate part could be so stimulating. When her hand grasped my erect member, I perceived that it was coated with something slick. The scent of butter filled the air. She pumped my manhood with the gooey compound, and with her oral attentions to my backside, I was ecstatic.

She smeared the butter all over my shaft, my bollox, and especially around my rear, whereupon I felt her thick finger probing at my entrance. Again I struggled, to no avail. When I felt the greased finger penetrate the tightness, I whined through my gag with a mixture of both chagrin and delight. While Erna stroked my slippery member, a finger gradually pushed itself inside, massaging the depths of my interior.

A second finger joined the first, and the two of them twisted deep into me. I moaned into the rag, pulling at the cords, yet...wanting more.
