 Some of the women who worked at Crawford and Blake Commercial Realty decided it would be a great way to demonstrate the spirit of the Holidays. Others felt it would invite more of the tension and conflict that already existed between many of the members of the sales team who battled desperately to close that final deal of the year; a deal that would ultimately push the struggling firm into the black for the first time all year. Hannah dashed off an email invitation to the other female members of the staff before Jessica had a chance to do the same. It read, "Please join me in my home next Saturday for an afternoon of fun and fellowship as we bake Christmas Cookies for the Holidays and enjoy a cup of cheer!"

Jessica Brady and Hannah Philips worked as sales representatives at Crawford and Blake. The annual award given to the sales-rep-of-the-year had gone back and forth between the two twice in four years. As a result, a rivalry had developed between the two that was fast becoming bitter.

"Well, if Jessica is going, you can count me out," said Christina poking her head over the top of Hannah's cubicle. "I can't believe you'd even invite her into your home."

Jessica was a bitchy, busty, know-it-all blonde who always had to be right. That unfortunate character flaw actually detracted very little from the overall beauty of that tall, sexy woman, and it was a flaw easily and often overlooked by the men who were enchanted by her obvious female charms. It was also a flaw that Hannah found unbearable and only added to her growing hatred for her colleague.

Hannah was controlling, curvaceous and competitive. She had an elegant, clean look about her, like a model in a high priced catalog; gorgeous and unapproachable. Though her beauty tended to conceal her vile, vindictive side, her dislike for Jessica had become an obsession, and she derived great satisfaction from deliberately pushing Jessica's buttons. Her husband wished she wouldn't let Jessica aggravate her as she did, as he felt it often resulted in the exhibition of some truly ugly behavior on his wife's part. Consumed with vengeance as she was, Hannah didn't really care how her husband felt. As a result, the rivalry only escalated. 

Both women were very immature in their actions toward one another. Once, when Jessica had taken credit for one of Hannah's ideas, Hannah retaliated by typing a suggestive email to the boss on Jessica's email when she had left it unattended to go to the ladies room. Hannah even went so far as to remove her own thong panties, stuff them in her pussy to collect some of her pungent juices, and then secretly deposit the gooey garment in her boss's top desk drawer to accompany the lewd email she'd sent. Jessica left that day in tears and the boss issued an email banning all practical jokes within the office. He kept the panties.

Nevertheless, and certainly not surprisingly, Jessica liked to brag. She made those who had to endure her conceit positively miserable. Like a proper arch enemy, Hannah had taken it upon herself to discredit any and all of Jessica's claims, even if she had to make things up just to be contrary. Soon, whenever the two were involved in conversation, it became impossible to distinguish truth from hyperbole. 

One Friday, at happy hour, the girls from Crawford and Blake gathered to unwind from a busy work week. Jessica and Hannah got into it over just about everything that came up. The two acted like bitchy high school girls, and the alcohol didn't help the situation. Jessica claimed to have had the most beautiful wedding possible. Hannah claimed to have had the most beautiful wedding possible. They described the dresses, the menus, even the song selections of the DJ. Then, they moved on to the honeymoon where things took a dangerous turn.

Jessica claimed her husband had the biggest cock she'd ever seen. She described how he used it to bring her more satisfaction than any bride had ever received on her wedding night. Then, Hannah claimed her husband had the biggest cock she'd ever seen. She proudly described how her husband, Ross, was perfect in every way. He always took time for foreplay. He always made sure Hannah came first.

"Yeah, well, it's too bad the guys with the biggest cocks can't seem to keep it in their pants," quipped one young sales rep, growing tired of the exaggerated claims of her co-workers.

The other five women in attendance chimed in their agreement, some sharing testimony in support of her statement. Soon, the group, including Jessica, had begun complaining about their husbands being dogs; always looking at other women, looking at porn, going to strip clubs, and ultimately getting caught fucking the baby sitter, the hot coed neighbor or, in one case, their own sister. But Hannah really angered Jessica when she claimed that Ross never participated in the aforementioned activities, nor exhibited any behavior symptomatic of infidelity. 

Hannah had been married to Ross for five years. She married Ross because he was an absolute sweetheart who'd do anything she said. As a result, Ross was severely pussy whipped, an existence he put up with for five obvious reasons; two of them sat proudly on Hannah's chest and required a 34DD bra to hold in place, two of them were split by a pair of thong panties that only accentuated the mouthwatering way the globes of her bubble butt undulated when she walked, and the fifth was plump and smooth, and sat barely concealed behind the gusset of those g-string style thong panties she always insisted on wearing.

Unfortunately, Hannah had become a bit careless with the way she bossed her husband around, forgetting that he was a human with feelings and not just some minion with a big dick. Using either his mouth or a combination of his mouth and fingers, Ross enjoyed driving Hannah into some sort of extended orgasmic seizure where all she could do was lay on the bed and quiver. She loved the way he'd then fuck her senseless, driving her through one seemingly unbearable orgasm after another as he pumped his massive tool into her rippling pussy. 

Eventually, when she could no longer handle the endless sexual stimulation, Hannah would muster her last bit of energy to firmly push her husband away, whether he'd cum or not. Then, once she'd regained her composure, she was off the bed and into the shower; no cuddling, no affection, not even a "thank you" did she ever have for her considerate lover. Ross was often left stroking his straining erection, trying to coax his own satisfaction from its mushroom shaped head in ribbons of white.

"Not only is Ross a better man than any of the 'dogs' you all seem to be married to," said Hannah beginning to lose her temper. "But none of you would even be able to take his big ole cock in your dried up little pussies!"

Gasps and squeals of indignation percolated through the group. One young lady simply put her drink down and left. Hannah crossed her arms defiantly as Jessica stepped forward and got right in her face.

"Bitch, not only can I fuck your man like the dog that he is, but I can make him cum so hard he'll forget all about your tired old cunt," said Jessica, screwing her lips into a condescending smirk.

"Fuck you, Jessica," screeched Hannah.

"No, fuck you Hannah," shot back Jessica. "Just because you live in your naïve little world doesn't mean we have to."

"Come on, guys, let's not fight" whispered Pam as she stepped between the two women. 

An uncomfortable silence overtook the group. Tabs were paid and all of the girls left the bar with a bad taste in their mouths. So, when considering the invitation that went out announcing the Christmas Cookie Baking Party at Hannah's house, most of the girls decided to pass on the event rather than witness those two go at it again. As a result, the only guest to show up at Hannah's that Saturday afternoon was Jessica Brady.

"I'll get it," yelled Ross as he rose to go answer the door. He had thought about making himself scarce while his wife entertained her guests, but given what happened last happy hour, Ross had decided to stick around as a chaperone. He opened the door and was greeted with a most pleasant sight; Jessica standing tall in a pair of black pumps, her super tight jeans a second skin. Her breathtaking breasts were concealed in a white, form-fitting, v-neck t-shirt that showed lots of smooth cleavage, topped off with a herring bone tweed jacket. She was smiling and holding a bottle of champagne against her hip.

"Hi, Ross," said Jessica as she leaned forward and pressed her cheek to his, her breasts mashing against his chest.

"Hi, Jessica," said Ross, drinking in the intoxicating aroma she gave off; some sort of cocktail of perfume and pussy juice. "Good to see you again."

Ross stepped aside to allow Jessica to walk in, and to give him the opportunity to briefly study her body as she passed. He had remembered she was hot, but he had no idea that she was this hot. But Jessica knew just how hot she was, and she was on a mission to fuck this man and put an end to the rivalry that existed between the two ladies. 

"Hey, Jessica," called Hannah from the kitchen. "Come on back."

"I'll see you later," said Jessica as she turned and winked before proceeding into the kitchen.

Ross was intrigued by Jessica's wink as any man would be, and he was glad he had decided to stay around as this promised to be, at the very least, entertaining.

Jessica held her arms out as an invitation for a hug while still clutching the bottle of champagne. Hannah noticed that except for the tweed jacket, she and Jessica were identically attired.

"Hannah, thanks so much for inviting me," she began as she pressed her own boobs firmly against those of her rival and squeezed her tightly. "I want you to know that I come in peace... in keeping with the spirit of the holidays."

Jessica did not relinquish their embrace, but rather leaned back and looked Hannah straight in the eye, the champagne bottle comfortably resting in the crack of Hannah's ass.

"I admit I've been kind of a bitch lately and I want to apologize," she said studying the way Hannah's bra allowed her breasts to sit so naturally upon her chest. "It's just that, well, I really admire you Hannah and sometimes I get jealous and competitive and that leads right to bitchy and I don't want it to go there again with you in our relationship."

Hannah waited for Jessica to look up again so she could look into her eyes, and when she did, she found her gaze alluring, warm and friendly. She searched her face for sarcasm but there was none. Hannah suddenly felt bad for how she had treated Jessica in the past. Both women had begun to blink back tears as they finally separated. A few awkward seconds of silence crawled by as Jessica and Hannah stared strangely into each other's eyes.

"Well I agree," said Hannah finally. She reached for the bottle Jessica was holding. "And I think we should add this one to the ones I have chilling in the fridge, ...open a colder one, and ...drink a toast to our new beginning."

Jessica handed over the bottle and smiled her approval. She noticed that Hannah had rested the bottle on her hip as she herself would have done. She found the view of Hannah bending over as she dealt with the champagne to be quite impressive. Though this attraction was definitely narcissistic, it triggered a realization in Jessica that she'd never even considered.

"You know, I'm beginning to think...," started Jessica squinting in thought.

"That we're more alike than we are different?" asked Hannah finishing Jessica's thought for her. The two women giggled at their discovery.

As they consumed the first bottle of champagne, Hannah and Jessica revealed their common interests. They were amazed at their overall similarities. Soon, they were chatting away like old friends catching up after years of estrangement. After a half hour of animated conversation, the two decided no one else was coming and they'd better get started baking cookies.

"While you're setting up the cookie sheets, I'll open another bottle of bubbly," said Jessica sauntering over to the refrigerator. Hannah watched as Jessica's hips swayed smoothly from side to side as she glided across the floor. She whished she could walk like that.

"I think we should share this bottle with Ross, don't you?" asked Jessica reaching for another champagne flute. Hannah again marveled at the way Jessica's hips sloped radically inward as they turned into the taught muscles of her lower back, giving a shelf like quality to the exposed portion of her upper buttocks. 

"That's a good idea," said Hannah drying her hands with a dish towel. "There's no way we should be drinking all this champagne by ourselves." 

Hannah watched as Jessica marched out of the kitchen and down the hall with the poise and confidence of a runway model. Her walk had a sexiness to it that Hannah just couldn't get enough of. She turned and walked into the pantry trying to emulate Jessica's gait. 

"Here's a little treat for you, Ross," said Jessica as she walked over next to the wing chair on which he sat watching TV. When he looked up smiling, Jessica leaned down, gently lifted his chin and gave Ross a warm, sensuous kiss on his stunned mouth. She pulled away and looked carefully into his widened eyes. Then she leaned in again, pressed her full lips to his and briefly allowed her tongue to find his. After a second or two, she again pulled away and wiped her lipstick from his lips with her thumb.

"And here's a glass of champagne for you too," she said handing him the glass.

Jessica turned and marched back into the kitchen the same way she had entered; knowing this time that Ross's eyes were on her ass the whole way.

Hannah and Jessica spent the next hour making and baking a variety of cookies and other treats. Soon, the kitchen was filled with the aroma of baking cookies. Eventually Ross caught a whiff, triggering the release of even more dopamine into his system. The champagne had provided just the right amount of buzz and he looked forward to his glass being refilled in the near future. 

"Open another bottle of bubbly will you, Jessica?" asked Hannah over her shoulder. "I gotta to run to the lady's room."

Jessica deftly slid the cork from the bottle with a faint hiss of air. She giggled when she realized how much that sounded like a pussy fart. After filling the glasses with champagne, Jessica again marched into the room where Ross sat waiting for her arrival, his cock growing harder with each audible strike of her heel against the hardwood floors.

"Want some more, Ross?" asked Jessica mindlessly rubbing the cold bottle back and forth over her right nipple as she stood looking down at him. She had removed her jacket when they started cooking, so Ross had a clear view of her hardening nipple as condensation from the bottle created a see-through area on her white t-shirt. 

"Yes, please," said Ross as he raised his glass and smiled. 

She poured the bubble filled liquid painfully slowly while looking back and forth between the glass she was filling and the tented material in the middle of Ross's crotch. When she'd finished, Ross raised his glass as a gesture of thanks and then took a sip. As the glass touched his lips, Jessica lowered the concave indentation on the bottom of the champagne bottle onto the upturned head of Ross's pant covered erection. Champagne bubbled against Ross's nose as he started from the sudden sensation. Again, the condensation performed its magic as the full impression of the head of a hardened penis was revealed when Jessica removed the bottle from its perch.

"Hmm," breathed Jessica as she massaged the bulbous head of his cloth covered penis with her finger tips. "This promises to be a tight fit."

The timer dinged in the kitchen indicating that the cookies were done. Jessica bent at the waist and swirled her tongue around the soaked fabric covering Ross's throbbing erection. She then kissed the tip, turned, and walked back into the kitchen as the sound of the toilet flushing came from the first floor powder room. After a sip or two of champagne, the two women carefully arranged the baked goodies on a number of different plates according to their variety.

"Which ones do you think are the best?" asked Hannah.

"They all look good," said Jessica licking her lips. "Maybe we should ask Ross to judge them?"

"Oh, he'll think he's died and gone to heaven," smiled Hannah.

"I guess that would make us a couple of angels, wouldn't it?" said Jessica starting to laugh.

Still laughing, the women each carried two plates of cookies in to Ross and began presenting them as if they were the sexy models on a TV game show. They pranced about, striking poses, giggling, eating cookies, and swilling champagne until the third bottle had been consumed.

"Damn, we're out of champagne again," exclaimed Hannah, her intoxication beginning to show.

"I'll get us another bottle," said Jessica, marching toward the kitchen with her exaggerated, sexy, runway model walk.

"Look at that, Ross," squealed Hannah. "Is that not the sexiest walk you've ever seen?"

"Oh, stop it, Hannah," yelled Jessica from the kitchen.

"No, really, did you see how her butt grinds from side to side as she walks," asked Hannah of her husband who wasn't sure agreeing with her would be in his best interest or even safe.

"I told you I can show you how to work it," laughed Jessica from the kitchen. "It's all in the knees."

Hannah and Ross watched attentively as Jessica marched back into the room with a fourth bottle of champagne. She posed briefly showing off the label; then she slowly slid the bottle back and forth in her crotch before clamping her thighs firmly around the base so that it pointed upward at a 45 degree angle. Then, supporting the bottle with her left hand, Jessica slid her right hand up and down the neck of the bottle as if she were jerking it off, eventually gripping the cork in her hand and twisting it off in her palm with a sharp hiss of air.

Ross and Hannah laughed and applauded Jessica' provocative performance. Champagne was poured and frivolous holiday toasts were made as the inebriated partiers further relaxed their inhibitions. No one would ever have predicted that Hannah and Jessica would ever interact so amicably.

"Ok, watch carefully," said Jessica standing with her back to Hannah. "When you're in heels, you have a tendency to lock your knees and walk using only your hips and your toes, but this doesn't give you any sway."

Jessica walked across the room and back again in demonstration. Then, with her back still turned, she lifted her foot off the ground as if lifting it out of a bucket and setting it down toe to heel in front of her.

"Here's the trick," warned Jessica. "Once you put that front foot down you have to bend the knee to get your hip to drop slightly as you shift your body weight in preparation for lifting your other leg to take the next step. That little adjustment will add a sexy grind to your walk."

"Oh my god, that's so cool!" gushed Hannah jumping up to try it herself.

Effortlessly Hannah was strutting about the house with a new found sexiness. Ross could only look on with profound approval and offer his encouragement with cat calls and wolf whistles. The attention seemed to spur Hannah on as she began to paw at her own breasts and rub her fingers over her crotch losing herself in her own sensuality.

"Damn, that's hot," said Ross.

"If you think that's hot, you should see how that walk looks in a short skirt," said Jessica.

"Oh my god, I bet it looks really hot," squealed Hannah as she grabbed Jessica's hand and dragged her up the stairs to her bedroom. "Ross, more champagne, we'll be right back."

"Where you all going?" asked Ross confused.

"Jessica's going to show me how to rock the clothes in my closet," Hannah yelled over the banister. "Now get the champagne and you can judge the outfits we pick out."
