 Every year our office has a huge Christmas party and every year it gets out of control. Alcohol only adds to the already crazy atmosphere that occurs in December of every year. All the employees for Smith and Caper, Attorneys at Law gathered in the ball room of the most prestigious hotel in town. The affair was not to be missed, strongly encouraged, and produced good stories to tell at future cocktail parties. Spouses and children were exempt, even forbidden, from the festivities. 

The managing partners made the seasonal announcements promoting thankfulness for the year's work and handing out bonuses. When they left things got a bit wild. The bar, fully stocked at the beginning of the evening, now lacked most of the hard liquor. People danced to Christmas music provided by a highly paid brass ensemble. The dancing was harmless at first, cordial even. As the night rolled on, the band began to play more modern and racy music. The dancing seemed to follow suit. Coworkers that barely knew each other were now grinding their formally clad bodies against one another. It was in this instant that job class didn't matter. Janitors grinded against paralegals, lawyers against mail clerks, and probably a few judges with the same people they hold court with everyday. 

Removing clothes started as the necessary response to the elevating temperature secreted by dancing, but ended up so that people could do 'body shots' off of each other. Showing a little skin only influenced showing more skin. Removing bras only encouraged removing panties. Erect cocks, perky breasts, and nudity became the rule, not the exception. The idea of sex was on the mind of all the attendees, but no one was willing to risk their career to make that first move. Seemingly it was okay for everyone to be naked, but sex became unethical. At least that was the way it seemed.

Jane, a 34 year old paralegal, was propositioned by another paralegal as they were standing, naked, near the bar. 

"Why don't we fuck?" came Gerald's almost harsh, but drunk reply.

Jane erupted into laughter at the mere thought of having sex with him.

"Let's do it right here. The whole firm will be watching. I'm sure that will make it really interesting" Gerald's smooth voice sang in a convincing rhythm. 

Somewhere in the deep perils and dark places, Jane liked the idea. "I just don't think it's right. We might lose our jobs." 

Gerald moved up behind Jane and breathed gently around her ear. "I don't care," he whispered.

Jane was expecting a more convincing answer, after all legal professionals do like grand arguments, but the simple direct answer sufficed. Jane moved to kiss Gerald and they fell into a passionate embrace. Needless to say, the bartender was intrigued. 

People in the room began to notice the sounds of passion and became fixated on the daring couple. By now ever one was naked and on the brink of sexual liberation. Cocks began twitching, some slower than others, but all at the same sight. 

Gerald stepped behind Jane and began to caress her breasts, cupping them while his rigid member poked at her back. Jane moaned in ecstasy, feeling as though she were completely alone with Gerald. She ignored the stares of 100 naked and horny coworkers. Jane bent over against the bar, her side facing the crowd. Gerald slowly penetrated the woman he had been masturbating about for weeks. Everything in the room seemed to stop as 200 eyes were keenly focused on the couple. Men were intrigued for obvious reasons. Women were intrigued at Jane's sexual liberation. No matter the gender, arousal was a reality. 

Men moved closer to women they only knew in passing. Women sought intimate conversations from their bosses. The party mood was shifting from Smith and Caper Christmas Party to Smith and Caper Sexual Christmas Bash. Other couples engaged in various sexual practices.

In a matter of minutes the sexual air had spread through the entire room and everyone was engrossed in a coworker. Jane and Gerald still were unsurpassed sexually as they were now fucking intensely. Jane began to let out little moans of pleasure.

"That's it Gerald. That's how mama likes it," Jane softly mumbled.

"Speak up where everyone can hear," Gerald said, ever the assertive one.

"Fuck me! Fuck me hard!" Jane replied, uttering the first dirty word of the night into mixed company.

The word 'fuck' only served to further encourage the already horny behavior of the group. Women, as well as the men, were getting propositioned for sexual exchanges. A few people were coy, but most succumbed to the temptation. 

Gerald let out a groan and shot his load deep in Jane's vagina. He basked in the afterglow and then retreated to the nearest corner and passed out. He would be the only flaccid penis in the room for the next few hours and he wouldn't wake until the janitors stirred him the next morning. 

Jane sipped on her drink as the sperm began trickling out of her used cunt and forming a small, white stream down her inner thigh. She would not get much of a break as another man stood before her with that wanton look in his eyes. Was she to be the company whore now? The thought never crossed her mind.

Jim, a lawyer with the firm for less than a year now, dropped to his knees and buried his head between Jane's legs. Jane was intrigued as Jim lapped up the cum of another man. After cleaning her thoroughly, Jim turned his attention to her clitoris. He worked his mouth expertly and didn't realize that another man was attending Jane from her backside. 

Jamal, a forty year old African American and mail clerk with the firm, pressed his massive member against Jane's rear entrance. Jane only nodded in approval at Jamal. Jim continued to work his tongue while Jamal began pounding Jane's ass. Before long, Jim's cock had found it's way into Jane's vagina and Jane relished in the double penetration. She really had amassed to being the company whore. 

Deciding that she had stood for way to long, Jane motioned for Jamal to lay on the floor. After Jim removed his cock, Jane straddled Jamal allowing him entry again to her ass. She arched back and Jim once again found his place in her wet hole. The bartender, the only one still in his tuxedo, couldn't resist the urges any longer. He whipped out his member and presented it to Jane for her tasting pleasure. Jane, the relatively shy and studious paralegal, had now been transformed into a nymphomaniac tending three men at once. Jane climaxed numerous time while being fucked by these three men. The exact number had escaped her. 

Almost like a domino effect, Jamal, Jim and the bartender drenched Jane in cum, both inside and out. The three offered their nastiest talk while climaxing in their respective receptacles. Jane was on the edge of blacking out from the sheer intensity of the experience. The feeling of pleasure was so strong that her body shook involuntarily. This would be the greatest sexual high Jane would ever experience in her life, though she didn't know it at the time. 

Two women, captivated by the whole ordeal, attempted to help Jane up from her now rigid position. They laid Jane in a corner and wrapped her in a table cloth. She would awake hours later with a headache superceded by pain in the genital regions, but satisfied from her night of sex. African Americans would become her favorite among lovers, causing her to divorce her husband.

Of the 100 coworkers that found themselves in a realm of dirty sex, 64 would continue their normal lives. Wives, fiancés, and girlfriends were never the wiser. Twenty-eight would continue torrid love affairs with the person from the party for months and years to come. Seven would divorce their current spouses in pursuit of the sexual liberation that night offered. And one, Gerald, after waking from his drunken stupor would remember nothing. He wasn't surprised to awake in a public place, naked and hung over. He had been here before; many times before. 

Smith and Caper, Attorneys at Law still practice. This year as they prepare for their annual Christmas party, everyone is awaiting the day. Plans have been made, schedules rearranged, and spouses offered convincing excuses. In Smith and Caper, the Christmas party must not be missed.

"Here's wishing you the best this holiday season. Your friends, Adam and Eve"