 I'd met Troy a few times. He was a rep for one of our suppliers -- office furniture. He worked mostly with the other Dave in our office. Troy was a bit flash, if you know what I mean, loud and foul-mouthed, always flirting with the office girls, wore his trousers too tight and his shirts unbuttoned. We'd had just one conversation, at our office Christmas party -- the usual subjects: sport, cars, girls. So when I received an invitation to his firm's End of Year party I just assumed he'd invited everyone he knew.

I didn't know the venue, but it must have been his company address. It was an ordinary looking building -- no name, just a number -- a ground floor lobby with a hand written sign by the elevator -- party on level 2. As I waited for the elevator a couple of guys I didn't know wandered in, casually dressed, and then as the elevator doors opened, a limo pulled up and two of the most beautiful girls I'd seen in a long while stepped out. One blonde and one Asian, both early twenties maybe, average height but well built, and how do I put this? Dressed like whores.

I held the elevator doors open as they walked into the lobby -- the blonde was wearing a red bra over bare midriff and short black leather skirt, and the Asian girl was wearing what I can only describe as a cheerleader outfit except that it was tiny and barely covered her tits and ass. And they wore those sexy high heels that look like girls must practice to walk in. You know the ones -- they fall forward and throw their tits out so they have to hold their heads back not to over balance.

One of the other guys ushered them into the elevator.

"Thanks, sexy," the blonde said.

The guy winked at me and pressed the button for level 2. No one pressed anything else.

"So we're all going to Troy's party," the guy said.

I said yes, and he introduced himself. "Pete, and this is Mike." I shook their hands. They were both about my age -- mid to late thirties. "And you girls are?"

"I'm Cindy." That was the blonde.

"And I'm Tracey.

It was one of those small old-fashioned elevators, and as the doors rumbled shut we were all pushed against each other. Cindy pressed up against me, and over her shoulder, Pete winked at me again. "And you girls would be the entertainment, I'm thinking," he said. "Been to one of Troy's parties before?" Pete was looking at me. I said no. "I hardly know him."

The doors opened and we spilled onto the second floor and through an open door into some sort of windowless function room. There was a table with beer and food and 2 long narrow leather couches. And on all four walls there was a large TV screen. 

"Strange place for a party," I said, but no one was listening. The room throbbed with pop music. There were maybe ten guys there already, and Troy came over to greet us. He was wearing a Santa hat, jeans and a dress shirt unbuttoned to the waist, exposing a gold chain.

"Girls. Guys. Welcome. Pete, Mike, grab a beer." He looked at me quizzically.

"Dave," I said. He nodded enthusiastically.

"Dave, glad you could make it."

"Thanks for the invite," I said.

He led us over to the tables of beer and nibbles, and I took a can and opened it. The guys gathered round Cindy and Tracey who started dancing in a casual way. We all sort of watched as they shimmied against each of us in turn, and then it got interesting. The girls stripped off their clothes and Troy simply unzipped his jeans, unleashed his cock, placed his hands on the shoulders of one of the girls and lowered her to her knees where she promptly took his fat cock in her mouth. The guys formed themselves into two tight circles around each girl -- the other girl was kneeling as well -- and they all got their cocks out.

"Dave," Troy said. Tracey, the cute Asian, knelt before him while other guys pawed at her naked ass. "Only four in your group so I guess you're fucking Cindy."

Both girls were sucking vigorously, taking a cock in each hand as they worked their way round the circle. Cindy was a beauty -- slender and tanned, full round tits, her perfect back curving down to a toned ass which rocked up and down on her high heels as she performed. The guys stood in two close circles, cocks out, hands either slapping their cocks in the girls' faces or hair, or kneading the girls' bare flesh, or if they were the lucky one to be engaged with a girl, hands on the back of her head and working her mouth to and fro on their cock. They were whooping and hollering, of course, calling out to the girls to 'suck it bitch' or 'make it cum' or 'open wide for daddy'. 

Well, I was rock hard by now and painfully constrained in my trousers, so I dropped them and joined in with the others. A group fuck for an office party was a new experience for me, but I wasn't shy. I had no idea why Troy had invited me, but I wasn't going to knock back a bit of Christmas cheer. 

I couldn't see Tracey in her circle and then I realized -- the whole fucking thing was showing on the TV screens. There was some CCTV system operating in the room and you could watch these two sluts getting gang fucked from four different angles, depending on which screen you were facing. I looked at the screen and the circle around Tracey and listened to the instructions they were giving her. Troy was saying "Look up at me, babe. Look at me," and some other guy just kept saying 'fuck' over and over again. 

I joined my circle -- cock out - and Cindy took me first in her hand, and then in her mouth. She was obviously a pro -- she took my whole length long and slow. I watched my rod gliding between her plump lips while she kept eye contact throughout, smiling around my swollen cock and receiving me all the way until my balls were against my chin. I put my hands behind her head and increased the tempo a little, and all the while her eyes met mine without flinching. I could feel the head of my cock bouncing off the back of her mouth. "You like that," I said. I couldn't think of anything dirty to say, but she half nodded and said yes with her pretty blue eyes. And then just as I swelled and felt the pleasure of her expert sucking sweeping through me, she moved on to the next guy.

I watched her work her way round the circle, taking each cock in turn in her hand, then her mouth, then back to her hand. I massaged the back of her neck and ran my hands down her sides, or jacked off. Some other guy was kneeling behind her and playing with her pussy. And then it was my turn again and I could take my hands off my cock and place them behind her head. The dirty banter was working on me now. 

"Say ahhh," I said, then "suck it Cindy," and "gag on my shaft, you cumslut." This was easy. 

"Fuck my mouth, Dave," she said, disengaging for a moment, then sucking again and smiling up at me. I got a kick out her remembering my name. It made me feel special.

As I enjoyed my second sucking I noticed the other guys were now undressing completely, but I was pretty much distracted, so that when Cindy released me and licked the precum off the end of my cock, I was unprepared for what came next. One of the guys lifted her up from behind by the waist like a ragdoll. She sort of just folded in his arms. He was completely naked and his fat cock must have fitted neatly into her ass crack. He placed her onto one of the leather couches and rolled her onto her back with her feet, still in the heels, in the air. I was the last guy in the room still half dressed so I unbuttoned my shirt. Troy placed Tracey on the table next to Cindy, but face down. Then he pulled her up by the waist until she could wave her neat ass at him, and in response, he lowered his face to her shaved pussy. I couldn't see the action from behind, but on one screen I could watch her sweet face smiling and coo. The guys hollered and Tracey writhed with pleasure. She went to speak, but some guy grabbed her head in both hands and fed her his cock from the other side of the couch.

And then as the guys lined up to tongue fuck Cindy, I moved closer to get a better view. Troy stood up and placing one hand on his tool and one on her ass, he fed his cock neatly into Tracey's pert pink cunt. Still sucking cock, she reached back and ran her fingers round Troy's sticky shaft where it neatly penetrated her, then letting go the cock of the guy at her front, she sucked her cunt juices from her fingers one at a time, and laughed with pleasure. The guys all cheered. Another guy then pulled her head back and fed her more cock, and he and Troy double teamed her as a third guy poured a beer over her back and licked it off. Both girls were now lying in a slick on the couch. 

Now Cindy who was lying on her back, spread her legs and Mike fucked her pussy, while Pete fucked her mouth. He took her head and leaned it back over the edge of the couch so she could take his whole shaft right up to the balls. I watched as he plunged himself between her red lips, the end of his cock rising and falling in her throat, and wondered how she could take so much meat without gagging. The rest of us gathered around jacking off and cheering and waiting our turn.

I lined up behind Troy and he pulled out of Tracey and invited me to take his place. She was shaved neatly and had an ass as well toned as Cindy. I pushed my cock into her pussy and thrust against her while the guy opposite fucked her mouth. She wiggled and squirmed for me, and made encouraging noises around his member as he thrust deeply. I was entranced by the sight of my hard cock plunging into her and it made me work harder to see what she could take until I was banging off her tight ass and had to hold her smooth warm cheeks to steady myself.

I felt nearly ready to cum when someone tapped me on the shoulder and I reluctantly surrendered my place at Tracey's ass. This guy was bigger than me, and thrust into her as hard as he could, pushing her so hard against her face fucker that she gagged and pulled her mouth off him. "Suck on this, slut," he said, giving her just a moment's respite before taking her head in both hands and firmly re-engaging her mouth with his cock. I jacked off as I watched her new cunt fucker not only pounding her pussy, but working first one finger and then a second into her tight ass. I leaned down for a closer look as he fingered her tight hole, and then I joined him with two of my fingers and we violated her ass together, tugging at her fresh pink flesh, while I kept my other hand tight around my shaft. She was whimpering now -- cute little mews like a kitten - and gagging a little, and I wondered again how much she could take while wishing it was me doing the damage in her cunt as well.

The guys were working through Cindy in a line, and I moved across to get some of her pussy as well. Troy was the next in line and I guessed from the tube of lube lying beside her on the table that he'd readied Cindy for what was coming because when her fucker withdrew, Troy placed his cock against her ass and inserted himself -- gently at first as she got used to the invasion, but in no time he was buried in her sweet ass up to his balls. I looked at the screens and I drank in the sight of this beautiful slut being double teamed, some guy she'd never met with his fat cock in her mouth and Troy pounding her ass, holding her tight and pulling himself into her in long thrusts. Troy looked up at me. "You want some of this fucking fine ass, Dave?" he asked. I nodded. "Then wait your fucking turn." He smiled and returned his attention to ramming her rear end.

One of the guys had climbed onto the couch and lay on his back beside Tracey. She climbed onto his cock, leaning forward so we could see his thick member sliding into her cunt. Then I saw Mike position himself behind her. He put his hand on her back and gently leaned her down until she was nearly lying on top of the guy on the couch who was fucking her cunt, and then Mike pulled her legs aside, then splayed her cheeks, and guided his cock into her ass. He hesitated a little until the pressure gave way, and then slid in easily as she bent and flexed beneath him to accommodate this new intrusion. And then another guy fed her his cock, and beautiful Asian Tracey was triple teamed.

I was close to cumming, but wanted some more of these girls first. Troy pulled his thick cock out of Tracey's ass and invited me to take his place. He lay on the couch and helped Tracey reposition her cunt onto his fat cock. I'd fucked ass before, but it wasn't something you got all the time. "You really fucking want this, Dave," she said to me as she lowered herself onto Troy. "Just fuck my ass like you mean it." And then she leaned down across Troy's chest and took another cock in her mouth.

I spat onto my hands and then lubed myself up a bit, although I could see that Troy had done most of the work to prepare Tracey for my anal invasion. She was fully focused on the guy opposite who was alternately pulling her hair towards him and slapping her face. I grabbed my cock and simply fed myself into her, just above where Troy was penetrating her cunt. She didn't resist and I watched my rod slip past her puckered hole and bury itself in her rear. She was tight and I was still pretty close to cumming so I rested a little to make sure I didn't spend everything. Ass is great -- probably the dirtiest fucking sensation there is from a purely tactile point of view, but it doesn't provide the sheer visual and sensual pleasure of cumming in a mouth.

I grabbed Tracey's long black hair and pulled myself down until I could whisper in her ear. "Do you like my fat cock plugging your ass?" I asked. I'm sure she nodded a yes, just before the guy in her mouth spasmed and erupted violently, his cum spewing across her lips. I stood back up and concentrated on fucking her like I meant it, Troy and I filling her holes while she cleaned up the dripping cock of the guy across the table.

When she'd cleaned him up he stepped back and a new guy jammed his thick cock into Tracey's mouth. I looked at the ceiling for a bit to keep myself back and then someone tapped me on the shoulder. "You want a turn? I asked. It was Mike. "No," he said. "Stay in her ass. I want to try something."

Now Troy was in her cunt and I was in her ass and the guy opposite was fucking her mouth. I was too far gone to worry, but Mike put his hands on my lower back and sort of moved me forward so I could brace myself against Tracey. I lifted my left leg and keeping my cock firmly fixed in her tightest hole, I straddled her. I was so close to guy opposite now that we had to brace each other, hands on shoulders. I watched Mike in the TV screen step up behind me. 

And then as the other guys yelled encouragement, he pushed himself in between Troy and me and put the head of his cock up against my cock. Then I felt his fingers push around where my cock was penetrating her and I felt him feed the head of his cock into her pussy just below where my cock was splicing her ass. I couldn't believe what was happening, Mike's cock sliding under mine, the two cocks in her cunt. She must have been stretched to the limit, but she didn't try to stop us. 

Everything seemed to slow down as we eased off on thrusting so hard to make sure we could keep all our cocks engaged with her crowded holes. And then a fifth guy stepped up in front, next to the guy already fucking her mouth, and fed his cock into her stuffed moth as well, so that for a long slow moment -- I don't know how long but I didn't want it to end -- beautiful dark haired Tracey took those five cocks without complaining as if she did it everyday. And thinking back on it, maybe she did. 

I can't say I was upset when Mike withdrew and let me get back to ass fucking Tracey unhindered. Like I said, ass is great, and in my limited experience Tracey was the best ass fuck I'd had. But I wanted to cum in a mouth, so before I'd committed I withdrew my cock and ceded my place to some guy who'd been tapping on my shoulder for a while. A few of the guys had already cum and were standing back to catch their breath so I walked round the table and took a turn at Cindy's mouth. Her face was already streaked with cum. She was now being triple teamed as well, a guy just below where I stood with my groin in Cindy's face, my hands in her hair guiding her onto me, and opposite Pete ramming into her ass. He winked at me again.

"What do you think of Santa's little fuck sluts?" he asked.

"Beats that shit party we had at your office," Troy said.

I nodded and Pete shouted 'fuck' and came in Cindy's ass. Almost immediately I felt my cock twitch. "Look at me, slut," I said to Cindy and she met my eyes as I shot my load into her mouth, maybe four or five jolts of cum. I held her head tightly against me at first, my balls against her chin, and then pulled back a little until I could see the tip of my cock bathing her tongue and streaming generously into her mouth. She took the lot without coughing, strings of my cum swinging between my cock head and her sweet lips, some of my cum spilling down her chin.

Cindy pushed herself up on her elbows and I leaned down to kiss her, tasting my cum and maybe a few other guys as well. She pushed her tongue into me and then when we let go, she said "mmm" then licked her lips slowly and deliberately. I kissed her again.

Most of the guys had cum by now. Tracey climbed off the three cocks impaling her and lay back on the couch and a couple of remaining guys gathered round and shot their loads of cum across her face and tits. Cindy did the same and received similar treatment, until Troy, still in his Santa hat, came last, white ropes of cum gushing onto her face, some into her open mouth and the rest onto her tits.

"Fucking shit," he yelled as he finished, and then leaned down and kissed her deeply, smearing his cum across her face and his. She took his cock in her mouth and cleaned him up and then both girls allowed us one last mouth fuck each as they sucked off the last of our cum. And then as our cocks went limp, we could only gaze on the two beautiful sluts, glistening with semen as they lay amongst the remains of the Christmas party, and Troy arranged to replay the whole thing on the TV screens.

I still don't know why Troy invited me to his party. Maybe the invitation was meant for the other Dave in our office. But in the new year I received a letter which I opened to find a DVD. 

I popped it into my computer. Troy had burned the whole damned thing onto a disc and added a soundtrack -- songs from the party -- it was the album with that song with the three guys and the girls wrapped in plastic - 'I know you want it, good girl' over and over. 

And then as I watched myself thrusting my cock into Tracey's tight little ass, the guys sang 'lemme be the one you back that ass up to, I'll give you something big enough to tear your ass in two'. I'd never seen anything like the five way fuck where Tracey had two cocks in her mouth, another two in her cunt and me in her ass. It looked fucking great on film. 

And when I filled Cindy's mouth with cum the guys in the song sang 'baby can you breathe'. I hadn't noticed at the time, but after we'd kissed and then she'd licked her lips and we'd kissed again, I'd stepped away and she'd leaned down to the guy underneath her who'd been fucking her pussy the whole time I'd been in her mouth, and kissed him too.

I made a new year's resolution to make that just the start of my DVD collection.