 I grew up in a family with four sons, with me being the oldest and the youngest being born eight years after me. When we were growing up, a lady named Linda would come over to our house to babysit and help with housework three days per week while my parents worked. She did this for years, and obviously became friendly with my family. Now that one of my younger brothers was in high school, two were in college, and I had just graduated, she obviously did not need to babysit any of us anymore. However, she would always have the four of us over to her house around Christmas for a spaghetti dinner, just to keep in touch.

This little tradition was especially nice for me, and I suspect my brother Matt, as we had both tagged her when we were in high school and she was still coming over to the house to watch our younger brothers. I was the first to do so, and once I found out that he had fucked her as well, we ended up double teaming her once at our house. And now every time I saw her, no matter what the environment, I would try to sneak away with her for a few minutes and get a quickie in...for old times' sake, of course.

Linda is about 5'4", slightly over 100 pounds, blue eyes, black hair which is dyed blond, and has a nice, thin body with a great combination of curves and legs for an older woman. The whole time I have known Linda, she has been willing to do almost anything to please you, and I really began to understand how far she was willing to go as I got older. While I'm not sure exactly how old she is, I believe that she was in her late forties when this story occurred; making her the definition of hot, mature MILF.

On the evening we were scheduled to go over to Linda's house for dinner, we all drove over together in the same car. I know that Matt and I had a little something on our mind, but I'm not sure if my younger two brothers had ever done anything with Linda or if they never had the pleasure. Anyways, Matt and I were mumbling about our hopes and ambitions on the car ride over, and I wouldn't doubt that my younger brothers had overheard us to some degree.

After about a twenty minute ride, we arrived at her house and parked on the street. The four of us walked up to the door together and rang the doorbell. After a brief moment's wait, the door opened and our jaws almost hit the floor. A smiling Linda was standing before us at the door in nothing but a skimpy little red skirt that barely covered her ass cheeks, a green, silk bra, and white fishnet stalkings. She wasn't even trying to hide the fact that she wanted to get down and dirty tonight!

"Hello boys!" she exclaimed as we walked in, giving us all a big hug as walked past her into the foyer. "Dinner is still cooking on the stove, so I figured that I could provide you a little appetizer. You know, just to wet your appetite." Wide-eyed stares and lustful expressions of pure desire looked back at her. No one really knew what to say, but I'm sure that the four tents in our pants said all that was necessary.

"Why don't you boys take off your shoes and come on over here to the family room and make yourselves comfortable," she said as she guided us to the room to the right of the foyer. However, just as I slipped my shoes off and was about to make my way into the other room, she gently grabbed my hand and said, "Marc, why don't you follow me upstairs and we can get things started. You're the oldest, so you can get first helpings."

She didn't have to ask me twice! As she strutted upstairs in front of me, her hand still guiding mine, my brothers gawked in lascivious envy as they made their way to the family room. Leaving them behind me, I eagerly turned my attention back to Linda. As she led me up the stairs, I could practically see her pussy lips underneath that skimpy red skirt of hers as she walked. I could hardly believe this was really happening, and I could not wait to get to where we were going!

Once we reached the hallway at the top of the stairs, we did not proceed all the way down to the master bedroom like I had anticipated, but rather she pulled me into a little side room on the left that had nothing but empty carpet space on the floor. After entering, she locked the door behind us and wrapped her arms around my neck. "I hope you don't mind this as your Christmas present," she said as she slowly grinded herself up against my already stiff erection and stared seductively up into my eyes.

"Baby, I don't want anything else," I replied. She leaned up to kiss me, and I eagerly met her as our lips mashed together. There was no taking it slow; our tongues were tangling in the crevasses of each other mouths in no time. There was barely a moment to breath as I grabbed her ass with one hand and wrapped the other around the back of her beautiful blond hair. I pulled her in close, and my raging boner was soon pressed up against her bare stomach. As we continued to make out fervently, my cock ground against her body, itching to get out of my pants.

She then pulled her mouth away and broke our embrace, and turned herself around in my arms so that the rock hard bulge in my pants was right up against her ass cheeks. I once again pulled her body in close to mine and gyrated my hips right up on her. She knew that I was more than ready to go.

After rubbing my arms for a moment, she bent over in front of me, pushing her rear end right up against my crotch. As she did so, I took my shirt off in anticipation of what was to come. She then turned to face me and said, "I saved my ass just for you, because I know how much you love it. You're going to be only one who fucks me there tonight. But first, I have to lube you up."

With the most licentious, lustful look in her eyes that I have ever seen on a woman, she slowly turned around and got on her knees in front of me. Taking off her silky green bra and tossing it to the side, she then went for my pants. Undoing my belt and my zipper with her petite hands, they soon fell to the floor and I stepped out of them. Next came my underwear. My raging boner popped right out into her face, which made her smile even more. She glanced that devious smile up at me one more time, and then slid her head forward to take my manhood into her mouth. As her warm lips engulfed the head of my cock and she began to lick around its' head, I instantly felt my knees weaken as I moaned out in pleasure. She slowly started to bob her head back and forth, letting her soft lips and her moist tongue work their magic. After a few moments my hips pushed forward, slowly feeding her some more of my 7 inch penis. She willingly and skillfully accepted my advances, and glanced up at me with her baby blue eyes as she did so. She then placed one of her little hands tightly around the base of my shaft and took the rest of my cock into her mouth each time her head went forward. Her pace began to quicken, but her tongue was still skillfully working the head and tip of my meat as she sucked. The entire time her innocent little eyes were glancing up at me and my moans of ecstasy. She may have been pushing 50, but the head she gave was as good as any on this earth. I felt like I was coming to cum soon, so I put a hand on the back of her head and really began force-feeding her my cock. However, she did not want me to explode in her mouth, but rather wanted me to take her ass. She knew I was close, so after a few moments she pulled her head off. 

She then leaned back, turned around, and got down on all fours. She then reached back and spread her butt cheeks, exposing her beautifully tight little rosebud to be. She licked two of her fingers and slowly began to finger her rear hole, preparing it for the onslaught that was surely about to come. As I stood there watching this stunning scene from a few feet away and gently stroking my moist rod she glanced back at me, ass cheeks spread apart, and said, "Come and have your way with me."

I was on it! I got on my hands and knees and approached her from behind. Leaning forward, I licked all the way from her pussy right up to her asshole, and then spit a giant glob of saliva right where I had left off. I worked it around with my fingers for a few moments, and then placed my bulging penis at the entrance to her rear end. She put her face down on the carpet, submissively glanced back at me, and used both of her hands to spread her cheeks. Not being able to wait any longer, I pressed my cockhead right up against her asshole and plowed it forward.

"OOHHH MARC IT'S SO BIG! OH IT'S SO BIG!" Linda pelted out as it popped right in. She was as tight as can be, and I kept ramming my piece forward. "OOHH, UUHH, UUUUHHHH, BABY, AAAAHHHH," she kept shrieking out as I worked my way deeper and deeper into her. I was in heaven. After I had gotten my cock about one third of the way in, I slowly pulled out, admired the beautiful gape that I had just made, and sent another giant gob of spit onto her rear hole and plowed back in. After slowly and gradually pressing forward for a few moments I had about half of my meat in her. She was loosening up just enough for me to start sawing in and out of her, so I began to speed up my thrusts. I grabbed onto her hips for leverage, and went to town. Every time that I plowed into her I was plowing her face down into the carpet, which caused her to moan and in pain and submission.

"You like getting fucked in the ass, don't you baby? You like that fat dick in there?" I implored her with each degrading thrust. 

"Oh yes, daddy. Give it to me, daddy. Give me your fat cock," she whimpered back. I then grabbed both of her hands and held them together at the wrist on her back, leaving nothing but the side of her face to bear the weight of her body as I seemingly fucked her into the ground. I could feel the inside of her ass tightly gripping my bulging cock with each thrust, and then it struggling not to rip as I continued to ruthlessly plow in and out her. I then got up on one knee to get a better angle at her ass, and really started to go to town. Almost my entire length was disappearing into her, and her cries were as loud as ever. Then I felt her body tighten around my rod, and it sent me over the edge. I rammed my cock forward one last time and held it there, slowly humping as I felt my balls tingle and a huge load of hot cum rise through my manhood. My hips thrusted forward and as I exploded into her, she squealed out in sexual ecstasy as she felt stream after stream of my spunk get deposited deep in her insides. 

Breathing heavy and out of breath, I pressed forward with one last thrust and then pulled out of her. As I stayed there on my knees, catching my breath and enjoying the scene, she slowly wheeled around and started stroking my cock. Down on all fours and looking up to me with those seductive, taboo eyes, she said, "I wouldn't want you to go downstairs all dirty on my account," and then plopped my penis into her mouth and started to lick it clean. I was in awe, as I had never had anyone do that for me in all my years. It felt awesome, and just reinforced the fact that she really was a horny, mature slut when it came to young cock.

Once she had licked me clean, I threw my clothes back on. As I was walking out the door, she wrapped her arms around me and whispered in my ear, "You can send your next brother upstairs now." I could not believe that she was going to put out like this for all four of us; she was incredible!

After sending my next brother upstairs with a nice slap on the ass, I went to get a drink and then clean up a little in the bathroom. I just relaxed in the Family room and watched the tube as Linda worked her way through all three of my brothers, all of them coming downstairs after their personalized sessions with a glazed over look of satisfaction in their eyes. After they all had come back downstairs and we were all in the same room, I was about to ask them what she down for each of them when Linda came back downstairs. She stood at the entranceway to the room just as she had looked when she answered the door earlier in the evening, in her skimpy red skirt and green bra. Her hair was a little disheveled, but it was not bad at all for having just been ravaged four times by four horny young studs.

"Well, I certainly worked up an appetite. Dinner is served," she said as she now led the way through the foyer to the dining room. The table was already set, and as we ate we all got to enjoy the sight of Linda's scantily clad body, especially as she worked her way around the table serving us.

After eating heartily and relaxing at the table for a few minutes, all the boys went back to the family room and threw on the TV while Linda cleaned up the table. I was sure to snap the seat where I could see her as he walked back and forth between the dining room and the kitchen.

By now I think everyone was recovered from earlier and were eagerly wondering about and anticipating the possibility of a round two. At least that is what the bulge in everyone's pants was telling me. I was not sure myself, but there is nothing quite like a good fuck or blowjob after a good meal.

After waiting in anticipation, Linda finally came back in to the living room. "Well," she said as she stood in the middle of the room, "just as I had been the appetizer, I'll offer myself up for dessert as well. That is, if you would like to indulge," she said with a wink. "But this time, I think we should all eat together. You are brothers, after all."

The room became eerily silent for a moment. No one really knew what to say or how to handle the situation. As is typically true, everyone was a bit apprehensive about whipping your dick out while being so close to other guys, especially blood relatives. As we all glanced around the room at other with a mix of eager and anxious looks on our faces, one of brothers muttered apprehensively, "we've never done anything like this all together before," as he glanced around at all of our eyes.

"Well I've never taken on four cocks at once before either, so it will be a first time for all of us," Linda impishly replied with a naughty grin on her face.

Rising out of my seat, I walked over towards Linda so that I was standing in front of her and towering over her. "It looks like we're just going to have to break you in then," I said, and then proceed to drop my pants around my ankles and let me dick plop out.

Gazing mischievously up into my eyes, she unhurriedly wrapped her slender fingers around penis and began to jerk my rod as she dropped to her knees. As she began to bring my almost rock hard cock to full attention, she pronounced, "Come on in boys; you're missing out on all the fun."

That was all it took, and my brothers were dropping their pants and hustling over to Linda in no time. Before we knew it, she was surrounded by a hard cock on all sides, with each one bulging and eager to sucked. As they all took off their shirts, all three of them nudged over to try and get their rods right in Linda's face, in hopes that she should choose theirs to start sucking off. Since I was the first one to drop my pants in front of her, as well as the oldest, I placed my hands on the back of her head and guided her onto my meat. She opened her mouth and willingly accepted over half of my length right away. She wrapped her red lips around my shaft and I guided her head back and forth, with her skilled tongue caressing the underside of my dick. We were all so eager to have her again that this was far rougher than the head I had gotten before, but she still felt amazing as I rammed it farther and farther into her face.

With my brothers all enviously stroking their dicks, Matt, who was standing to my left, was finally bold enough to pull her off of my rod and over to his 8 inch monster. She quickly engulfed his shaft and started bobbing her head back and forth on his cock just as she had with mine. While it sucked letting her go, I knew that is how this ultimately had to work. Although that did not make me not want her back any less. To satisfy myself in the meantime, I reached down and started playing with her breasts. As a kind of thank you gesture she reached up and started jerking me off with one hand, and then did the same to my youngest brother Paul with the other. As she did so, she moved her head over to the other side of Matt and my brother John's long, thin rod, taking it almost all the way down her throat. She then wrapped her lips tightly around it and worked her way back and forth along almost his entire length. John did not even have to force or guide her, but rather just tilted his head back and moaned in orgasmic pleasure. Her skill truly was beautiful to watch.

Linda then turned her head to the side and let John sensually fuck her cheek as her attention turned to tugging on Matt and my bulging cocks, which were the biggest of the bunch. As soon as she let John's penis slide out of her mouth, both Matt and I stuck our dicks forward to the point that they accidently rubbed against each other and tried to guide her head over to our respective rods. Matt's huge piece was the first to find its' way into her open mouth, as she started to work her way back down the line. Now jerking John and Paul, she let Matt's wide shaft spread her beautiful lips. We could all hear Matt's lustful grunts as she willingly accepted his advances.

A moment later, Matt's cock popped out of Linda's mouth, and although he tried to slide it back in I was able to guide her attention over to me. She quickly engulfed my meat, with her eyes naughtily glancing up to mine as she did so. As started to suck me, she moved both of her hands over to work Matt's hard prick, hoping to still please him despite the fact that she had just turned her oral attention elsewhere. I subsequently grabbed her head with both hands and began to force feed her my cock, trying to make the most of my few moments of bliss before she decided to switch. She hungrily took my thrusts, as both John and Paul were now playing with her exposed breasts.

After shoving my meat all the down her throat and holding it there for a few seconds so that my balls were right on her chin, I subsequently turned her head and started fervently pushing the underside of my shaft right up against her cheek without even giving her a chance to breath. She gagged for a moment and pulled her head off of my meat. She quickly sat back on her heels so that we would not instantly fill her mouth with cock once again, and while still tugging on a penis she smiled up at us and chuckled while saying, "Easy now boys, I'll get to all of you. There's plenty of this to go around."

At this point, she turned her concentration to Paul, who was standing to my left. Eagerly pushing his manhood forward, he started pumping her mouth full of his 6.5 inch piece as soon as she could take it. Struggling to get a hold of it at first, she soon found her rhythm and began to willing accept his thrusts through her tightly wrapped lips. Now guiding her head with her hands, she sucked on the full length of his rod while simultaneously fondling both John and my balls.

As she continued to work her way around the four or us over the next few minutes, she barely was given a moment to breath. Just as her mouth would get pulled from one meat stick onto another, her hands would just as quickly switch to massaging another eager cock, so that she was always physically pleasing three of us to some degree. There was no real rhyme or reason to the order in which she would take us into her mouth. Her head seemed to be always getting pulled in four different directions, and she just had to try and please the penis that happened to be in her mouth at any given time the best that she could.

After the next minutes of working all of bulging cocks for a few moments at a time, she began taking Matt's massive piece almost all the way into her throat, and then bobbed her head beautifully back and forth on his shaft as she feverishly jerked on John and Paul's rods. John and then Paul each took a quick turn grabbing her head and heatedly pumping their poles into her skilled, mature mouth while Matt and I played with her now sweaty breasts. After taking her mouth off of Paul's piece, she sat back on her heals again and panted heavily, taking a well-earned breather. 
