 Remember that all the stories I write are true (except when noted). I haven’t posted any in a while because, frankly, nothing has been going on. I did make up for it this X-mas eve. Once again, I am always interested in hearing from women that are aroused by my stories as well as people in my area (Austin,Tx).

I have always gone through my phases with cock, remember, I am mostly straight. It had been quit a while since my last hook-up. I have been cruising the local adult video stores hoping to find some cock lurking in the dark corners but I kept coming up empty handed. And then it happened, the holidays got to me and I decided to go out for the night. I had to do some research to determine which bar would best fit my needs. After deciding on a couple, I got dressed and headed out.

This first bar didn’t do much good. I had a few guys trying to pick me up but not what I wanted. The good thing is that they tried to get me drunk and it worked. I always have more fun with my inhibitions lubed up a bit.

The second bar was much more to my liking. The guys were a little older on average. I just have never been into young guys. As soon as I got there, I met a guy named Tom. He was probably about 32 or so and a bit more confident. He bought me a drink and we started talking. Since I was already a bit intoxicated, I had no problem telling him what I was looking for. When I told him I wanted a cock between my lips, he never flinched. He just reached onto the table and grabbed my hand. He then placed it over his very large, already hard cock. I was very pleased. I knew I would get at least one cock on that night.

We continued to talk and drink and I was becoming more and more horny and a lot less inhibited. I reached under the table and starting playing with Tom’s cock. He asked me if I could have one thing for X-mas, what would it be. I didn’t even hesitate. I said, “ To suck off 10 cocks in a row.” This had always been a fantasy of mine. I am not sure about the number 10. It just seems like a good round number. He just has a laugh and orders us another drink. 

By this time, I am trashed. I had been drinking vodka all night and could do little more than maintain a conversation and continue to drink. Tom went to speak with a friend and left me alone. A few guys had come up and we were chatting when Tom returned, with a friend of his. We all continued to chat when Tom blurted out my X-mas wish. A few guys asked me if it was true and I said yes. Why lie now? I had the feeling something was going to happen but I let things take their own turn.

I was pretty drunk and needed a little assistance getting to the restroom. Tom and one of our new friends grabbed me and helped. Once we got to the restroom, they put me in a stall. I then heard Tom whisper that I was about to get my present and he shut the stall door leaving me alone. I knew there was no backing out now.

A few minutes later, there was a knock on the door. I opened it and there was a guy that I had noticed earlier in the night. He handed me a shot of something and I gulped it down. He then pulled out his cock and said that he was to be my first of the night. I was sitting down and leaned forward taking him in my mouth. I started to suck him nice and slow until he came down my throat. Apparently the scene was too much for him. He then zipped up and left.

No sooner than the door shut, it was open again, this time by a much older guy. He never said a word, pulled out his cock and grabbed the back of my head and fucked my mouth. He then shot his load after a few minutes into my mouth. Before withdrawing his cock, he asked how it tasted. I couldn’t speak. He then refused to withdraw his cock until I swallowed all his cum. It was so hot. No guy had ever done that to me before. Before he left, he slipped his e-mail address into my hand.

Now, I am not going to tell you the details of every guy. To be honest, it kind of became a blur after that. Last thing I remember was Tom standing in front of me. By this time, I had cum on my lips and chin but had swallowed most of what I was given. I also had my clothes taken off and was sitting there naked. It had only been about an hour Tom said. 

I had a great time and thanked Tom. He said we weren’t done yet and said that he was number 10. But, he didn’t want my mouth. With that, he grabbed my arm and pulled me up. He swung me around and pressed my chest against the stall wall. I felt him spread my cheeks and he slid that huge cock into my ass. It had been so long since I felt that sensation. I couldn’t believe that I found myself in that situation. He was only able to go for a few minutes before he pulled out and spun me back around. He told me to sit down again and open up my mouth. I did what I was told and he then grabbed the back of my head and jacked his cock off in my mouth. It was my 10th load of the night.

Since this was only a few nights ago, I have no follow up stories. I do have a couple of email addresses so I will see if anything will come out of those. Till then, I love comments so write me!