  For all my avid readers, my devious little mind went to work on another set of very unusual games. The story is a bit long because chapter stories aren't allowed in the contest, so for those of you who love the long buildup...Enjoy. For those of you who have to shake the Christmas packages before Christmas, jump about half way down and enjoy the games.

Thanks to Paul for the edit on this story. I know it was a big job on short notice! 

*

"Hi David. What's for lunch?" Tina asked as she stepped into my office with a brown lunch bag in her hand, giving the door a little push so the closer swung it shut as she stepped over to the extra chair that sat next to my desk.

"Same as always. Ham and Cheese. How about you?" I answered as she leaned back in the chair and propped her bare legs on the corner of my desk. 

"Tuna salad!" she answered with a smile as she pulled her sandwich out of the sack and began unwrapping it. "So, have you decided to go with me to the party?"

"Tina, we've been over this. You're twenty years younger than I am. Hell, I have a daughter almost as old as you are. Why would you want me to take you to the company Christmas party? Why not go with someone more your age?"

"Ya know? I think it's my choice who I want to be with, and if there's a bit of an age difference what's the big deal?" She argued, setting the sandwich down as she swung her legs off the desk and leaned toward me, crossing her arms and leaning them on the desk where her legs had been moments before. "Now... It's just a party. We go. We have some fun. Maybe we even have a little fun afterwards. Now what could be so bad about that?"

"Tina..." I started.

"David stop!" She said sharply as she got up from the chair. She walked silently, and almost angrily, to my office door, but instead of leaving she pushed the lock button on the handle. She turned and faced me, leaning her butt against the door. After several long seconds of staring at me she pushed away and walked slowly over to my desk and around it. She pushed the back of my chair to swivel it around to face her. Hiking her already short skirt up almost to her waist, she stepped one leg over the arm of my chair, reaching for the back of my chair for support and then slid onto my lap, her other leg sliding over the other arm. 

I stared at the tiny white panties she had on, stretched tight across her pussy, a dark stain of wetness in the middle of the crotch. "David, I sat for long hours being a shoulder for you to cry on when you needed it for the last two and a half years. Losing your wife that way would tear any guy up. I've done everything I know how to do to get you back into the game, get you to start living again! David, I care a lot about you and it's time you start enjoying life again. How long has it been since you had sex? What two and a half years? It's time for you to climb back on the horse or let someone else climb on for a ride!"

"So what, you want to jump my bones because you think it'll make me feel better?" I asked feeling a bit irritated. "She's only been gone less than three years."

"Come on David. You and I both know you weren't an angel when she was alive, I don't know why you seem to think that now she's gone that you have to somehow be faithful to her."

"What do you mean I wasn't an angel?" I asked.

Tina leaned forward slightly, pulling her hands down to my chest and pressing both of them to me as she leaned forward until her nose was inches from mine. "You know Elena Fuentes, don't you? The hot looking Latino lady down in HR?"

"Yeah, I think so," I answered.

"Oh I know so. She comes in here once a week and gets you to sign off on the time sheets. You know, the form that she just e-mails out to all the rest of the supervisors? I've seen her come by, stopping to unbutton two extra buttons on her blouse so you can see more of those huge double D's when she leans over."

"I..I don't..." I stammered defensively.

"Oh honey, don't worry. Elena and I are friends, have been since she started here a little over a year ago. It's ok if you look, actually I take it as a good sign. Anyway...Elena knew a nice young lady over at Eco, a young lady that I think you knew? A Miss Bently?"

I groaned quietly. 

"Oh you DO remember Miss Bently! According to Elena, Miss Bently says that the second floor supply room will never be the same now that you don't work there anymore. Now what do you suppose she meant by that?" 

"Okay, okay. Yes there's the possibility that I might have met Miss Bently once or twice." I said evasively.

"Uh huh. Once or twice...a week. And from the way I hear it riding your cock was like shooting her to the moon. Now you didn't have a problem with her being fifteen years younger than you, so why is it a problem if I'm younger than you are? Come on David. In the last two and a half years I've gotten so very close to you. Let me get the rest of the way." She reached for one of my hands, now resting on her bare thighs and slowly pulled it down between her legs and pressed my fingers against the wet spot on her panties. She rubbed them gently up and down the warm wet spot and then lifted my fingers to my nose. "Can you smell how much you turn me on? I'm wet like that every day after lunch. I go back to my desk with my pussy tingling, wishing that I had tossed my sandwich aside and climbed onto your lap just like this. Climbed onto your lap without any panties on, unzipping your pants and pulling your hard fat cock out and rubbing it against my hot wet pussy. Yeah, that does turn you on doesn't it? I can feel your cock pressing against my ass, growing big and hard. Would you like to see my pussy? Would you like for me to unzip your pants and rub your big head against my wet pussy?" 

"OH geez!" I groaned as she rubbed a finger up and down her wet crotch and then hooked her finger in the fabric and pulled it aside exposing her shaved meaty pussy lips, her feathery inner lips peeking out at me. 

"Yeah, you do, don't you. Want me to fuck you right here? Fuck your fat cock right here in your desk chair?"

"That wouldn't be a good idea." I answered, reaching my hands to her sides and trying to lift her off my lap.

"Not so fast mister." She said reaching for my wrists and pulling them around until my hands were pressed to her bra and blouse covered tits. "Either you agree to go to the party as my date or I'll just start undressing right here. I want you. I want your cock in my pussy and your mouth on my tits. I want to feel your strong thrusts pushing in and out of my tingling pussy. David. I've fallen in love with you and I want to feel you inside me, making love to me. Shoot me to the moon with your cock! Please David!"

I shook my head in amazement. I'd known her for almost four years. When my wife had her heart attack Tina was the first one to reach out to support me, make sure I had what I needed and most importantly, a shoulder that got cried on too many times. The whole time I've known her I've never seen her even remotely this way. A bit flirty, yes, a little forward, yes, but this was... sexual, and sensual at the same time. Did the twenty years between us really matter? Yeah I'm almost fifty, but is that any reason to stop living? All my friends have repeatedly told me that my wife would have wanted me to move on. Maybe it was time. Maybe she was the one to try to move on with. "Ok. I'll go." I suddenly blurted out.

"That's my hot stud. You sure you don't want me to fuck you anyway? I will you know. I'm so fucking hot and wet right now I bet I'd climax if you just touch me. Touch me down there. Make me cum lover!"

"Doing that in here might not be a good idea."

"It's ok. I locked the door." she said as she leaned forward, rubbing her cheek against mine and whispering to me. "You don't have to fuck me right now. Just make me cum. Let your fingers tease me," she whispered, her hands busy between us, working the buttons of her blouse.

"You really want me to do that here?" I asked as she pulled one of my hands down to her partially exposed pussy, gently touching her wet lips.

"Yes. Make me cum!" she begged in a whisper.

I felt the hot wetness of her pussy against my fingers and couldn't resist gently stroking up between her lips, my finger almost immediately feeling the hardness of her clit.

"OHHHH!" She squeaked as she sucked in a quick breath. "That's it, rub my hot pussy. I can feel your finger right where I want your cock. Oh god that feels good." She panted as she pulled her blouse apart and shrugged it off her shoulders revealing the soft lacy bra that cupped her creamy white breasts, her nipples barely hidden inside the upper edges.

I continued to rub my finger up and down her pussy, teasing between her lips as she pulled her arms from the sleeves of the blouse, reaching behind her back even before the material of her blouse had settled on my lap. The elastic snapped around her body, loosening the cups covering and supporting her breasts. She quickly shrugged the tiny straps off her shoulders, allowing the lacy material to slide down and away, exposing her orange sized breasts. Each one hung teardrop shaped, her areola about two fingers wide with a rock hard nipple sticking out from the center begging to be sucked. 

"Suck my little titties, please!" she begged, cupping them with both hands and lifting them toward my face.

How could I resist. I slid my free hand up her body and cupped her right breast, pressing it into a cone and aiming the nipple for my mouth as she leaned slightly closer to allow it to reach. I gently licked several circles around her areola, teasing the sides of her nipples before closing my mouth around much of the front and suctioning her soft creamy skin and rock hard nipple into my mouth.

"Ohhhh fuck yes fuck yes fuck yes." she murmured over and over as my fingers teased her pussy and my tongue swirled around and flicked over her hard nipple. 

I could feel her hands working between us again, this time on my clothes, tugging and pulling at my belt and then finally undoing the button on my Dockers. I could feel her hands feverishly pushing at my pants and the top of my boxers, trying to get her hands down in to my now hard cock.

"Fuck it!" she swore quietly, quickly pushing herself back from my face, pulling her tit from my face with a soft slurp. She slid off the chair and my lap, her hands moving to the back of her skirt for only moments before the dark blue material was sliding down her legs to pool on the floor around her feet. She skimmed the tiny white panties down over her hips and down her legs quickly untangling them and her skirt from her sandaled feet. I couldn't help but stare at her as she stood wearing nothing but sandals all parts of her trim body as fully exposed to me as her completely shaved mound and creamy soft tits. 

I didn't have long to stare though, before she was moving again, this time working on my pants. She was almost aggressive as she pulled and tugged, finally getting me to lift my butt enough for her to get my pants pulled down to my knees, my now rock hard cock sticking straight up in the air.

"YES!" she said as she stepped forward again, climbing back to the position she had on the chair, my hard cock pressing against her wet pussy this time. Her hands tugged and pulled on my polo shirt, working it up until she could finally pull it off over my head and toss it aside. "I've fantasized about this for sooooo long." she cooed as she reached between us with one hand, grasping my cock while the other balanced herself with the back of my chair. She levered herself up with her legs, lifting her ass off my legs until she was able to press my cock between her legs, my engorged mushroom head splitting her soft wet pussy lips.

Her manner and demeanor changed almost instantly, her aggressiveness melting away to be replaced with a hot smoldering sensuality as she began to gently, slowly, lovingly, rub my head back and forth between her lips. "Mmmmmmm yes. Perfet," she whispered as she engaged my head into the entrance to her tunnel and gently began lowering her weight back down, the pressure building up on my head until it suddenly pushed past the entrance and was enveloped by her hot wetness. "Ohhhhhhhhh God yes." she whispered as she slid down as far as my dry shaft would allow before lifting herself a little ways and working down some more. "I've wanted this for so long. I've wanted you for so long. I hope this is feeling as good for you as it is for me," she whispered. 

"God yes." I half grunted as she worked down a little farther, her bare ass touching my thighs. 

"Good. Now Just let me do this. Lean back and enjoy this first time. There'll be plenty of time for you to have your way with me any way you want, but let me do this one, ok?" she whispered, leaning forward so her tits were brushing my face as she began rocking herself, the arms of the chair allowing her rocking motion to translate into a slow up and down on my shaft.

"Shit. I'm not going to last long with you doing that." I grunted, already feeling the tingling in my balls that I hadn't known in more than two years.

"Don't worry. Let it come. Just enjoy it and me. Enjoy having that first climax."

"I'd usually make sure you came first though." I grunted through clenched teeth as she rode up and down my shaft, her soft velvety tunnel caressing my shaft and head as she pulled almost all the way off before sliding slowly down again.

"There'll be time for that. Just relax and let it happen." she cooed, her motions never ceasing as she rocked up and down my shaft, her tits rising and falling in front of my face. 

I reached up and cupped both breasts, squeezing them slightly and running my thumbs back and forth across her turgid nipples, eliciting a quiet squeak of pleasure from her lips. "Gonna cum." I grunted, knowing I couldn't hold off the inevitable any longer, even though I very much wanted to continue enjoying the feelings she was creating inside me.

"That's it. Let it happen. I can feel you getting even bigger inside me. God I don't think I can stretch any more, you're so big," she moaned as she moved a hand down to her own pussy and began to rub circles around her rigid clit with her middle finger. "Oh shit. Give me just one more second and I'll cum with you. Just...one....more...second!" she squeaked as the two of us jerked almost simultaneously. 

My body bucked time and again, pumping what felt like a gallon of cum up into her pussy as she frantically frigged her finger across her clit, her whole body convulsing and shuddering as she climaxed with me. I lost track of how long we sat like that, my cock embedded inside her, her pussy periodically convulsing around my shaft as she leaned against me, her sweaty chest heaving gently and rubbing her tits on my face as she breathed.

"Please tell me that you'll come to my house tonight and fuck me some more," she finally panted.

"I suppose if I don't say yes, you're not going to stop now, are you?"

"Uh uh," she agreed quietly.

"Okay. I will. You know, I don't think I know where you live though. You've always come to my place when I needed you."

"Don't worry, I'll tell you where it is," she said as she pushed herself upright. "Now we have to deal with this. You do realize that between us we made a considerable amount of cum that's all trapped inside me. When I get up its going to make one hell of a mess."

"I don't suppose there's a lot we can do about that, is there." I answered.

"Not unless you want me to sit here for half an hour or so, which I would be more than happy to do incidentally. I can already feel your cock getting hard again inside me. I don't think it's done."

"It may not be, but I think lunch time is and I'd hate to have someone come see me and find us like this."

"That could be a bit embarrassing. How did you deal with that with Miss Bently?"

"We mastered the art of the quickie, teasing each other for hours before hand so that when we got together it didn't take long for both of us to climax. We also had a stash of paper towels," I added with a chuckle. "She got really good at wardrobe too. Finding interesting ways to be able to flash me at a moment's notice and have sex without having to completely strip."

"Hmmm I might have to learn to try that. If I flash you a bunch does that mean you'll find someplace here to fuck me too?"

"Never know, but we really don't have the need. We can get together after work and do it all we want. No one to hide from now, I guess."

"Nope," she said with a smile, reaching her face down and kissing the tip of my nose. "I hope you don't think was too forward, expressing not only my sexual desire for you but how I feel for you. I know you don't love me back, and that's okay. But as long as you know I do that's enough for now."

"I can't say I do or don't. I've never really thought about it. I've always thought of you as a friend. I guess I never thought about having a relationship with you. I guess I don't know how I feel about that right now."

"Well, don't worry about that. We'll deal with that later. For now, let's have a nice casual sexual relationship and see what happens after that." She said as she pushed herself back. "Ready?"

"No, but let's do it anyway," I answered as she slid herself back, sliding off my once again hard shaft, a small torrent of cum drooling from her pussy onto the chair.

"Good thing it's leather." She giggled as she sat on my legs and leaned back trying to reach her panties on the floor behind her. I held one hand as she leaned back, lieing almost flat and giving me an incredible view of her pussy before she sat back up, her panties in her hand. 

"Nice view, thanks!" I chuckled as she used the panties to stem the flow of cum while she climbed off my lap. 

"Glad you approve." She said looking around for something else to clean up with, finding only the two napkins from our lunch. She cleaned the chair as best she could before depositing them into the trash and then looked at my still glistening cock. "I know exactly how to take care of that!" She said, kneeling down in front of me. She reached out and grabbed my cock, her face following close behind. I groaned reflexively as the warmth of her mouth closed around my head and her tongue began to stroke and tease me. 

"Geez. Watch how much you do that or you're gonna make me cum again," I grunted.

"I wouldn't mind watching you cum again," she said, pulling her mouth off my cock for a moment before going back to work sucking it with even more fervor.

I looked down and saw her looking up at me as she bobbed her head on and off my cock, one hand running up and down my shaft with her mouth, the other between her legs, no longer holding her panties, but plunging a finger in and out of her own pussy. "Oh damn." I grunted as an image I had actually fantasized about was played out in real life before me. I did my best to hold my hips still as she bobbed and worked my cock, clearly enjoying herself. "Oh damn Tina, you do that awful good. It's been an awfully long time since anyone has done this to me."

"Since our Miss Bently?" Tina asked with a grin, taking a very short break in her ministrations.

"Uh, yeah, since Donna." I groaned in agreement as Tina engulfed my cock again.

If anything she increased her attentions even more, pressing my cock deeper and deeper into her mouth until she was almost gagging herself, and then still only getting half of me into her mouth.

"Shit!" I grunted as I felt my balls tingling and pulling up for another release. "I'm...gonna...cum!" I practically squeaked, trying to hold back the flood to give her a chanch to pull off my cock if she wanted to. She did pull back slightly, but continued to hold my cock in her mouth while she stroked it with her hand, coaxing me the last few millimeters toward the edge of release. "FUCK!" I grunted loudly as my hips jerked toward her, my cock surging a gush of cum into her mouth. I stood there, hanging onto the edge of my desk for balance with one hand and resting the other on the top of her head as my body convulsed, shooting shot after shot of pent up cum into her mouth until I finally subsided to an occasional twitch.
