 I pottered around the house on Saturday, cleaning, doing the laundry, all the usual Saturday jobs – apart from a trip to the shops.

Late in the afternoon I settled into a bath to soak away the aches and pains from the housework and the usual wear and tear of the week. I usually shower during the week, even after a visit to the gym, so my weekend soak is something I look forward to and most definitely enjoy.

This day, however, I was heading out the my firm's Christmas Party so I wasn't able to soak as long as I usually would. At the end of my soak, after washing and conditioning my hair I rinsed myself under the shower then I shaved my legs and trimmed my pubic hair. Once I'd done all of that I dried myself with a nice warm, soft towel.

Sitting wrapped in a dry towel I dried and styled my hair then applied a light dusting of make-up and my thoughts turned to getting dressed to go to the party. My mind drifted back to the leaving party I had attended for Simon earlier in the year and what had happened with Tom, Peter and Nick. I had seen those particular gents around the office and spoken to them in the pub after work but had generally kept them at arms' length. I expected them to be at the party and felt myself smiling at the thought of the possibility of another naughty adventure.

I sat on the edge of the bed and rolled my stockings up my thighs. I love the sensuous feeling of my fingers on my legs as the stockings slowly encase more of my legs. As each stocking reached its limit I attached it to the suspender belt.

Once the stockings were attached I stood up and looked at myself in the mirrored doors of the wardrobe. I couldn't resist arching my back slightly, thrusting out my breasts, and breathing in to flatten out my stomach. I thought that I looked good in my undressed state. All of my hard work in the gym and keeping an eye on the food I ate was worth it.

I snapped myself out of my daydreaming and turned my attention to covering my body. I opened my lingerie drawer and selected a matching black bra and panties set. I slid the panties up my legs and confirmed that the small patch of material enclosed my pubic bush. I put on a front fastening bra, ensuring that my breasts nestled comfortably in the cups. I noticed that my nipples were slightly enlarged after my daydreaming and I smiled again.

From my wardrobe I selected a sexy dress with a low neckline which resulted in what I thought was a nice display of cleavage. The dress was slinky but not so tight that it revealed that I was wearing stockings. After all, I wanted to attract a little attention from the men at the party but I didn't want to look slutty! I finished dressing by putting on 3-inch heels, a necklace and some earrings then sat down to wait for my taxi.

My taxi arrived on time and I felt the driver's eyes on me as I made my way to the back door. I opened the door myself, settled into the seat and gave the driver the address of the hotel where the party was taking place. I was pleasantly surprised when the driver leapt out and opened my door when we arrived. I think he got a glimpse of stocking top and thigh as I climbed out of the seat.

I walked into the hotel and followed the directions to the party. It was already in full swing. I found a group of people I knew well and settled in.

I'm not sure when or how it happened but I suddenly realised that the group members had changed. I wondered what had happened to the original group then realised that I had just turned away from that group and drifted across the room from them.

I surveyed my new group and registered that there only seemed to be men in the group. Tom and Peter were present together with four or five men I recognised from the office but couldn't put names to. As I checked out each of the men I knew that they were doing the same to me.

Someone mentioned that music had started in the room set aside for dancing and asked if I would be interested in a twirl. How could I refuse such an invitation? Before I knew it I had been whisked onto the dance-floor and I was standing opposite one of the men whose name I didn't know.

As the music continued I was "passed" from one man to another. Every once in a while I seemed to have to draw my partner's attention back up to my face from my cleavage. That gave me a little thrill and caused me to put a little extra effort into my dancing. The men kept me supplied with drinks as well as busy on the dance-floor.

It was only when one of the men pulled me towards him that I noticed that the dance-floor lighting had been turned down and slower numbers were being played. I felt comfortable with the men and happily allowed myself to be drawn against each of my partners. The feel of masculine bodies against mine was something I had missed. I hadn't been dancing in a while and I was happy to make up for it now.

When the first of my partners pressed his lips against my forehead I tilted my head upwards and waited for his lips to connect with mine. When we kissed it was initially with lips closed but as I continued to feel their bodies against mine I eventually gave in and parted my lips, allowing their tongues across the threshold to explore my lips, teeth, and tongue.

Once I had given in to French-kissing that seemed to encourage my dance partners to become more familiar. They groped my bum cheeks with their hands which, of course, resulted my being pulled against their crotches. I lifted my arms to lock them behind each partner's neck. Most of the time I closed my eyes and allowed my partner to steer me around the dance floor and enjoyed the sensation of being controlled by each man. 

With my arms around my partner's neck, each of them had free rein to explore my body through my clothes and they were quick to make the most of it. A few times I felt hands stop and then move repeatedly back and fore over my hips and thighs as they encountered my suspenders and realised that it meant I was wearing stockings under my dress.

I have always been confident in my ability to maintain my decorum in public but I began to feel that the alcohol I had consumed together with the almost constant kissing and touching I was experiencing were having an effect on me. I suddenly started to worry about the impression I was giving to other party guests so I opened my eyes to see which other guests had noticed what was happening.

I realised that my partners had manoeuvred me into the darkest corner of the dance floor and had more or less surrounded me, preventing anyone else seeing what was going on. I breathed a sigh of relief but then it registered that being in such a situation was, perhaps, not so good for me after all.

I tried to move back to a more illuminated area but I never seemed to be able to break through the group of prospective dance partners.

When my partners weren't kissing me they were whispering in my ear telling me how sexy I looked. One or two were quite forward in suggesting we leave the dance floor so that they could do naughty things with me. All of the whispering was working on me. My pussy was moist and my nipples were hard. 

One of my dance partners decided to push the envelope and instead of groping my bum he moved his hands onto my hips then up over my waist and up my side. When he reached the level of my breasts he moved his hands inwards and flicked his thumbs across my nipples. My legs almost gave way at the sensations that coursed through me. The others were obviously keeping an eye on their friend's actions because that became a pattern with each partner. 

Suddenly my partners were playing their tongues over my neck and nibbling my earlobes instead of kissing or whispering to me. My excitement and arousal increased as hands stroked me and lips played over my skin.

The next step-up in naughtiness was when Tom slid his hand into the top of my dress and caressed my breasts through my bra. This time it was me who pulled my partner tighter to me because I was enjoying his touch too much and was worried that I could lose control. My next partner, however, took things one step further by delving inside my bra. The touch of his fingers against the flesh of my breast and a now very erect nipple caused me to moan into his neck.

As we finished the dance I asked for another drink. As the cool drink refreshed me condensation from the glass dropped onto my chest. I looked down to see that my previous partner had eased my bra aside and exposed both of my breasts completely. I didn't have any time to wonder how he had managed that before I was swept into the arms of my next partner, who I noticed was Peter.

Peter immediately took my breasts in his hands. He told me how much he had wanted to hold them again and proceeded to push them together and tweak my nipples. I was biting my bottom lip to stop myself groaning out loud. He dipped his head down and took my left nipple into his mouth. He nibbled on it gently then switched his attention to my right nipple. I leaned my head backwards and enjoyed the treatment I was being given. The shivers of arousal he was sending through me made me forget that I had an audience of lusty males.

All too soon the current song ended and another man took Peter's place. He was not as teasing and gentle as Peter and that brought me back from the brink. Over the next few songs my partners tried to get their hands under my dress to my panties but I managed to hold them off. Those attempts sobered me up a little and I decided to miss a couple of songs whilst I got my breath back.

The men were disappointed but appeared to see the sense in not causing a scene as that meant that things could resume once I felt comfortable again.

After ten minutes rest Tom risked it and asked me to dance again. As I nodded to accept his request he suggested that I dance with him and Peter at the same time.

"I'm not sure I can do that," I said.

"I don't see why not." was his reply as he pulled me to the floor and nodded to Peter, who then followed us.

I slipped into the embrace of Tom and Peter moved in behind me, sliding his hands around my torso. Tom started kissing me. Our lips parted and his tongue invaded my mouth. I responded by clasping my arms around his neck and pulled his head to me so that his mouth was crushed against mine.

One of Peter's hands moved up my front and eased into the top of my dress. His other hand quickly followed. I felt the pressure on my breasts lessen as my bra was undone. Peter's hands were soon gripping a breast each, stroking and pinching my nipples until they were hard. As he played with my breasts Peter also pressed his body against my back and bum, allowing me to feel his hard cock against my bum cheeks.

The kiss, the caressing of my breasts and the pressing of obviously hard cocks against my stomach and bum added to my excitement. One of Peter's hands released my breast and moved down to caress my stomach through my dress.

I noticed that Tom's hands had moved from my hips and realised that he was slowly ruffling the front of my dress causing the hem to rise up my thighs. Somehow I managed to prevent Tom from lifting my dress completely to gain access to my bare thighs and more but then I felt a hand slide across my bare stomach. Peter had found the side zip of my dress, opened it and worked his hand inside and onto my stomach.

I realised that I didn't have enough hands to prevent Peter stroking my stomach and Tom getting to my thighs. I settled on preventing the latter by holding Tom's arms and nestling into them, preventing him from moving them, and enjoying the excitement running through my body.

Peter's hand gently caressed my stomach in ever widening circles, the tips of his fingers getting lower with each sweep. I moaned into Tom's mouth as Peter's fingertips slipped under the waistband of my panties and started exploring my mound and its soft trimmed bush.

His fingers moved through my hair and also ran up and down the smooth skin where I had shaved my hair off. I have always enjoyed having my mons stroked and Peter was pushing the right buttons. His fingertips soon delved further down and between my legs. As he reached my pussy a finger slipped smoothly between my pussy lips, easing them apart. I tried to squeeze my legs together in a belated attempt to control the situation, but Tom had manoeuvred his knee between mine, keeping my thighs apart. Peter's hand moved further between my legs, revelling in the access enabled by Tom's knee.

Peter's fingers moved back from my pussy and found my clit. I just groaned an "Oh God" as my arousal exploded beyond my control. I clung to Tom as his tongue explored my mouth, murmuring in pleasure as I pressed my body against his.

Tom took the opportunity to try again for the goal I had prevented him from reaching earlier. He eased our bodies apart to give himself room, and pulled the front of my dress up until he could reach my thighs. He stroked my inner thigh, his movements steadily getting higher until his hand was on the soft skin above my stockings.

His hand stayed there for a while, allowing both of us to savour the pleasure of flesh on flesh in such an intimate location. All too soon, however, Tom's hand continued upwards and joined Peter's hand in the area of my mound.

With Peter's fingers continuing to play gently with my clit, Tom's fingers slipped under the strip of material barely covering my pussy and quickly found my slit. Two fingers found my opening and immediately plunged into me. I was moaning constantly as Peter worked expertly on my clit and Tom's fingers moved in and out and around my sensitive opening.

As Tom's finger- fucking of me intensified I groaned into his ear and then buried my mouth in his shoulder to stifle my moans as my orgasm started to take hold. I clung to Tom, thrusting my tongue into his mouth. 

Somehow I maintained enough control to slip my hand from his neck and down to his crotch. I could feel his erect cock and quickly slid his zip down. His cock was poking through the slit of his undies and I briefly held it in my hand. I ran my fingers over its head and gently caressed the tip before sliding my fingers down the shaft and then I started stroking it.

My stroking got faster as my orgasm washed over and through my body. Tom's finger-fucking intensified as my stroking got faster. We were no longer kissing. His head was back, his mouth open as he sought relief. My mouth was still jammed into his shoulder to stifle the noise I would otherwise be making and I hung on to him until my pleasure spasms subsided. I was stroking him as quickly as I could and then I felt his cock jerk and spurt over my hand. His sperm dripped down over my hand as I moved us apart quickly in an attempt to avoid getting it on the front of my dress.

As Tom finished jerking I lifted my hand up and held it between us. Tom opened his eyes as he recovered. He watched as I stuck my tongue out and dipped it into the remnants of his sperm on my hands. I raised my eyebrows then proceeded to lick the few dollops off my hand. When my hand was clean I pulled Tom's head to me again and kissed him. I felt a little resistance initially as he detected his own scent on my lips but he soon overcame his reticence and we kissed properly.

As my mouth separated from Tom's his and Peter's fingers were continuing to work on my pussy and were bringing a second much stronger orgasm closer. If I had thought that my first orgasm was good, this second one seemed to be a monster. As it hit me I would have screamed out loud if Tom hadn't anticipated it and pulled my head against his chest.

I reached behind me and found Peter's cock already out of his trousers and waiting for my touch. As I had done with Tom, I initially ran my fingers over its head to feel the smooth texture and spread the leaking pre-cum over it. I then wrapped my fingers around it and started stroking rapidly up and down the shaft, ensuring my fingers passed over the well-lubricated glans.

In no time at all I felt Peter's cock swell and he groaned out loud. This time I was not quick enough to create a gap and he spurted onto my hand and over my dress. Again, though, I brought my hand up to my mouth to taste the result of my ministrations. Once I had cleaned my hand I leaned backwards and turned my head to find Peter's. He had seen what I had done but had no hesitation in clamping his lips over mine and thrusting his tongue into my mouth.

Our tongues wrestled briefly as we both came down from our orgasms. Eventually our lips parted and I allowed myself to relax whilst being supported by Tom and Peter. I wallowed in the pleasure I was feeling after my double orgasm.

Tom and Peter manoeuvred me to a seat that they had found somewhere and I slowly came to my senses. As I looked up I could see the lust in the eyes of the other men I had danced with. I suddenly realised that only Tom and Peter had received any relief but that the other men must be equally aroused. Also I remembered that Peter had spurted cum on my dress and I knew I had to get it cleaned off before anyone else at the party saw it.

As the men moved closer to me one or two were lowering their zips and seemed to be about to extract their cocks. I stood up quickly and said "Excuse me gents but I must get cleaned up." then quickly walked out of the circle, avoiding the clutching hands as I did so. I walked away from the dance-floor, ensuring my breasts were back inside my dress before I encountered anyone else. I followed the signs to the ladies and slipped inside.

Once inside I slipped my dress off and found the stain left by Peter. I dampened some tissue and managed to clean the dress. I held it under the hand-dryer and satisfied myself that it looked okay. I was just about to put it back on when the door opened and my friend Alison walked in.

"Not you too!" she said. "I think some of the men spill their drinks on purpose just to try to get us out of our dresses. Do you think this Irish Cream will stain?" She then wiped the front of her dress

I smiled and shrugged my shoulders then finished putting my dress on as I thought about the "cream" that had been spilt on mine. Then working on the principle of safety in numbers I waited until Alison was ready and walked out with her.

Alison asked where I had been as she hadn't seen me and I just told her I had been dancing with Tom and Peter.

"Be careful with those two." She said "They have mentioned a few times that they fancy you, and I've heard them scheming a few times to get themselves alone with one of the company's women employees."

"I think I can cope with them." I told her as we joined the group she had been with. 

The rest of the night passed in a blur of conversation, drink, jokes and flirting between the members of Alison's group. I took a full part in the activities and enjoyed the innocent flirting with everyone in the group.

After midnight the party started winding down. Alison and I were getting ready to leave when our department head, David, made his way across the room to us.

"Good evening ladies. I'm sorry that I haven't been to say hello to you until now."

"Hello David," I replied. "That's fine. We've had a fun night. Thank you to you and the other department heads for organising and paying for it. Now that everything is winding down we were just about to go."

Alison nodded her head in agreement.

"You're both welcome but before you go, could you both come with me for a few minutes?" David asked. "I'd like to show you something."

I looked at Alison and raised my eyebrow. She was looking at David and smiling. She turned to me and gave a small nod to confirm that she didn't mind.

David took our hands in his and we walked out of the party room, down a corridor and into a large, spacious room that had nothing but a couch, two matching easy chairs and lush carpeting.
