 'She's got a crush on me.' Said Martin and pointed at a plump little bleached blonde that sat at the bar. We were at a Christmas party, given the tax company that my brother worked for. I would do an occasional freelance work for them, so I got invited, as well. 

I remembered the girl, at least remembered seeing her around the office floor, walking around in usually to tight tops, her breasts almost spilling out of the usually low neckline. She had a big ass, the kind that I always liked. 

'What's her name again?' I asked. 

'Daria,' replied my brother. 'I'm really not interested, at least in no relationship, you understand.' 

I nodded and smiled. Of course, Martin was always on guard from any kind of committing ties that the female world seemed to be so hung up on. A parade of hot and not so hot chicks went through his bedroom on regular basis. I used to be his roommate until I could afford my own place in downtown Chicago and I could still remember late night ruckus that would wake me up a few times a week late at night. Moaning and sometimes screaming, banging of the headboard against the wall in the other room. My brother cursing and groaning, sometimes, I would swear that the slapping I heard was not just him fucking the chick but probably spanking her, too. 

At times, I would be jealous of his success with the ladies. He seemed to be a magnet to almost every pussy that happened to cross his path. Sometimes, he would leave the bedroom door open, and if I had to go to the bathroom at night, I could see him furiously pounding whatever latest victim he found and charmed into his bachelor loft. 

I guess the indiscriminative way of laying his hands on any woman that pleased his eye in the slightest, not caring what color or creed they were, added to his success. Blacks, Latinas, whites, oriental and any other kind there are out there, would receive the same attention from my brother. 

Although it was a sort of relief when I finally moved out, there were times when I missed the cheap thrill of listening to the crude sounds of fucking in the other room, while I was furiously jerking off in my own bed. 

'Sure, I understand,' I said and he grinned at me. Good old Martin, who will probably not change for a long time to come. Both of us in the early 30s, I could not see it happening for him for a while yet.

'Let's see if we can have her come home with us,' he said and nudged me in the ribs. At first, I didn't quite understand what he meant. When it dawned on me, I furiously shook my head no. We have never shared a woman before, I have actually never done a threesome in any kind of combination, and the idea of it alone made me feel uncomfortable. 

'Oh, come on, forget that prissy bitch for a moment and have a little good time. You guys are not together right now, anyway.'

The sting that his words laid upon me was sharper than I wanted it to be. I have just broken up with Alicia, my girlfriend of two years and was still getting over her, or at least pretending to be doing the best of it. We had parted our ways three months ago, due to her insistence of us getting engaged and setting a wedding date. I did love her intensely, more than I had ever loved anybody before her, but for some reason, I had difficulty picturing myself being tied down like that. All that despite the fact that I have never cheated on her. I suppose, there was more of my brother in me than I realized or wanted to admit to myself. 

I have already had a few drinks and was feeling a pleasant buzz, so when Martin got up and walked over to the bar to order another drink, standing next to Daria, whose face it up the minute she saw him approaching, I thought to myself that this might not be such a bad idea. I've heard some of my friends talk about threesomes with other guys involved. They would always brag about how good it was and hey, why not enjoy myself a bit. 

Martin stood at the bar for a few minutes, his hand resting on the small of Daria's back. They spoke in hushed tones, Martin leaning over her shoulder, Daria giggling stupidly. As the drinks were ready, he grabbed one in each hand and started towards me. At the same time, Daria slid off the bar stool and walked behind him, towards the table in the corner where I sat. I felt a knot in my stomach for a moment, but the alcohol did its bid and very quickly, I relaxed. 

I actually felt excited, as I have never been with a white chick. All my girlfriends were black, just like my brother and I, which always kept me in good graces with our mother. To do a little nasty with a white girl excited me beyond my expectations. 

Daria sat down at our table between Martin and I, told me that he remembered me from the office and how it was a shame that we have never spoken before. I couldn't' help but stare at the impressive breast size on her short body. She was overweight, with face that was flushed pink due to too many drinks that she had had that evening. She wore a lilac mini skirt that showed her meaty thighs, reaching almost up to her panties. If she was to bend over, I was certain the world could steal a generous glance at what was beneath it. She was slurring words slightly and her eyelids were droopy. She was definitely drunk to the point of doing some naughty shit. 

Every once in a while, some of our colleagues would pass our table on their way to the bathroom, sometimes stop and have a quick word and sometimes just wink at my brother or I. It seemed to me, that Daria was more known in the office than one would want his girlfriend to be. But if I was only going to fuck her once, that fact did not bother me at all. 

Eleven o'clock came and most of the people left the bar. Only a few of us were left, a couple of very drunk broads that were clinging to the bar as if they would fall off the stools if they let go, a few guys who found chicks from the party upstairs and brought them down, no doubt counting on an extra Christmas present for themselves later on that evening. Most of them, I noted, were married. I would never have cheated on Alicia while we were still together, but like Martin so delicately pointed out, we were not together any longer, the world was moving on, and so should I. I didn't dare tell him that I hadn't had sex for three months, since I split up with my girl. I sort of feared the mocking tone of my brother's, which I knew so well and would bet my life on him not sparing me with. 

I saw my brother's hand slowly creep onto the girl's thigh, pause there for a moment, squeezing the soft flesh, and then slipping up beneath the miniskirt, Daria squirming and giggling, pushing his hand away. It was obvious though, that the only reason she did this that there were still people from the office left and she had a little consciousness left not to make an open spectacle of herself. 

Finally, as the bartender loudly announced that this is the last call, my brother stood up, downed what was left of his drink and announced that we should probably go. Daria's face dropped for a moment, confused and disappointed at the prospect of having to go home to whatever was or was not there. 

Martin bent down to her again and whispered in her ear. Her unattractive face lit up for a moment and then she stole a worried look at me. I tried to give her most charming of smiles, but she still seemed to be doubtful. 

'We'll just go and have a quick drink at my place,' said Martin. 'And then, James can take you home,' he nodded towards me, to which I quickly nodded back at her. 

'Okay, just a quick drink, then,' she said and stood up. I could see the huge red spots on the back of her thighs where her flesh was pressed down on the seat and I could feel a stirring in my pants. As much as she wasn't my type, she sure turned me on. I guess anything on two legs with a pussy would have done that for me after three months of dry period. 

The night was freezing cold and windy, and I wondered how she could take the cold with her legs clearly exposed to unrelenting winter bite, however, I had to admit to myself that I found it very arousing. Martin flagged down a cab and the three of us squeezed in the back, Daria between us. Despite the late hour, the traffic was awful, some due to the shoppers that were attempting to check off as much off their gift list as possible, some due to the fact that it was Friday night. Chicago is always busy with half drunk yuppies hurrying to their cubbyholes on Friday nights. 

We were stuck in the traffic for almost 20 minutes, and in that time, I have changed my mind about going up to Martin's place more than once. His hand was now resting on Daria's pink thigh, squeezing it lightly, chit chatting about the things from the office. I was amazed at how smooth of a talker he could be. He could charm the queen of England this way. 

As the cab was weaving through traffic, getting closer to Martin's apartment building, my brother seemed to get bolder, now leaning against Daria, his free hand now joining the other one on the thigh, slowly slipping between Daria's slightly spread legs, and I could see her skirt softly rising and lowering itself in the crotch, as if there was a heart beating underneath it. Daria was giggling stupidly again, and I stole a few glances at the cabbie, who pretended as if nothing out of the ordinary was going on in the back of his car. 

Finally, we arrived and Martin bolted out of the cab, pulling Daria behind him. 'You can take care of this, right?' he popped his head back into the car. I nodded.

'Don't be an asshole, James. Come up with us,' he hissed and my thought of maybe just continuing the ride to my house was instantly forgotten. I paid the cabbie and he gave me a knowing smile and a "Merry Christmas, Sir". 

As I caught up with my brother, he was standing at the front door, holding it open for me. Daria was a few feet away, waiting on the elevator, paying a very concentrated attention to the little numbered lights above, lighting up the appropriate little circle as the elevator was slowly sliding down towards us. 

'Come on,' Martin smiled at me, 'we'll have fun.' And we walked over towards Daria just as the elevator door opened, and she dutifully went in first, extending her hand to hold the door for us. 

As the elevator door closed behind us and Martin pushed button 17, he turned towards Daria and pressed her little body against the back wall. She must have been at least 4 inches shorter than either of us. He bent down and kissed her deeply, his right hand lifting up the skirt and sliding inside her panties, the other hand enveloping the breast under the opened coat. I felt a little embarrassed for the moment, and it was my turn to concentrate on the blinking lights above the door, as we were being lifted up the elevator shaft. Daria kissed my brother back just as passionately as I imagined in the cab she would, moving her pelvis back and forth on his hand, moaning. 

We finally reached the 17th floor and stepped out of the elevator. Martin handed me his keys and I gratefully took them, almost bolting to his apartment door, while he lagged behind, kissing Daria, thrusting his hand between her legs, rubbing furiously. I just wanted to get inside the apartment as quickly as possible, without being noticed by curious neighbors. 

As we stepped inside his bachelor loft, he flicked on the lights and headed for the bathroom. 'Make a round of drinks, James!' he said and disappeared behind the bathroom door. I obediently walked over to the living room bar, opened the aluminum door and started fixing drinks. I didn't bother to ask what anybody wanted. I knew Martin only drank Hennessy, and as far as Daria was concerned, she was too drunk already to care what she got. Daria sort of paced around the living room, pretending to attentively read the titles off the books on the shelf above the TV. 

I heard the sound of Martin pissing, toilet flushing and then the running water. A dozen thoughts raced through my mind. How are we going to do this? What if she doesn't want to do us both? Would Martin lower himself to the level of an ignorant dickhead, forcing Daria to do what she might not really want to?

'Come here, baby!' Martin yelled out of the bathroom before I managed to finish fixing the drinks. 'Daria? Come here, baby!' he yelled again and I looked at her. She looked almost embarrassed for a moment, blushing deep red and giving me a shy smile. Then, she walked over to the bathroom where Martin was. 

I could hear whispering, loud smacking sounds of kissing and a distinct rip of a zipper. I could hear movement, but decided to ignore it and sat down on the couch with my drink. I flicked on the TV, flipping through the movie channels. At the same time, I wondered if Martin would finish her off in the bathroom first and then let me have a turn. This was turning out to be very embarrassing. 

'Where is my drink, bro?' I heard him yell all of a sudden and I closed my eyes for a moment. Okay, here we go! I thought and grabbed a crystal glass, making my way to the bathroom, certain of what I would encounter there. 

As I came around the corner, I saw Martin leaning his ass against the sink, his pants and boxers pushed down to his ankle. Daria was kneeling on the little red bathroom rug, still dressed in the miniskirt, but her top was now off, and her majestic breasts were cupped inside a black lacy bra, waving back and forth as she was delicately sucking my brother's dick, or rather just the head of it. 

Martin grinned at me like a Cheshire cat and reached for his drink. 'Come here,' he said and I stepped inside the bathroom, not really knowing what to do. He motioned towards my crotch, pressing his thumb and forefinger together, quietly telling me to unzip my pants. I did as he told me, dropping them together with my boxers to my ankles. I dick was almost completely erect, I was that turned on by seeing Daria nibbling on my brother. For a moment, I tried to forget that it was my brother standing in front of me. 

'Look at what James has for you,' Martin said and Daria let go of him for a moment, turning around and taking a look at my dick. She smiled broadly and looked up at me. She reached back with her hand and grabbed my now completely hard shaft, turning back to my brother and taking him in her mouth again. She continued to perform what she thought of as a blowjob, I suppose, and at the same time jerking me off. However, on her own, she only managed to slip a couple of inches of Martin's dark dick inside her mouth. 

Martin finished his drink in one gulp and put the glass behind him in the sink. Then he took her head in his hands and pulled her face deeper onto his dick. 'That's so good,' he said pulling her closer to him. 'Oh yeah, so good.' She tried the best she could I think, but it looked to me as if she tried to pull herself off him. 'You gotta try and take it all in.' She squeezed my dick harder, probably not even knowing it, but it felt good. 'Just once, take it all,' he said, pulling her head towards him. 'Swallow it,' putting his hands on the back of her head and pushing it towards him. She gagged and I could see the tears welling up in her eyes from the effort. He managed to push about half of his 7 or 8 inches. 'That's good, oh FUCK is that good!' he yelled and she continued to try and take in more of it. 'Swallow it, that's right,' she gagged and her lips formed a big O every time he pushed her closer to him, gurgling sounds coming out of her throat making me hotter by the second. He started rocking her back and forth on his dick, each time pushing a little more of it inside her mouth. Her face became pink and then red, I could see her neck reddening as well. 

She tried really hard, I have to give her that. Finally, he pulled her very hard towards him and his entire dick was buried inside of her, she gagged and made 'mmmmm' sounds and for a moment I was afraid that when he pulls out she was going to puke. He kept his entire dick inside her mouth, while she was gagging onto it, and I could see with the gagging, the snot flew out of her nose. He let her go, her head bobbed off him and she took a deep breath, all the while squeezing my dick to the point that I thought it was going to start hurting at any given moment. He smiled down at her and she smiled back, tears now rolling down her face, but I figured they weren't the crying sorts. She wiped her nose with the back of her hand. 

'Good girl,' he said and patted her on the head like a dog. 'One more time,' he said and ever so obediently, she repeated the whole thing, this time she immediately thrust half of him inside her mouth and with a little help from my attentive brother and his pushing her head back and front, she managed to take all of him within four or five thrusts. 'Swallow it, yeah, swallow it!' Once he was all inside of her, he kept her head there, 'Oh yeah, that's right, that's soooo good.' I could see that she started panicking, letting go of my dick and placing her hands on Martin's thighs, trying to push him out of her. He kept her there for a few seconds, while she gagged onto his dick and into this pubic hair. He finally let her go and her head again bobbed back. As if on cue, they looked at each other and smiled. 

'Now James,' he said and she obediently turned on her knees towards me, grabbing my dick and popping its head inside her mouth. 'Swallow it, baby!' Martin said and I grabbed the back of her head just as I saw Martin do a minute ago, pulling her onto me, slowly inching my way inside of her. Again, she gagged and her face reddened, her nose looking like the clown's. It was a bizarre view, this small woman kneeling in front of me, obviously struggling with an unnatural way of something big being pushed down the throat, but trying very much to accommodate and please. 

When I was deeply inside of her mouth, buried to the core, Martin pushed her head forward towards me. 'Hold it,' he said. 'Hold it!' and she tried with all her might to keep me there as long as she could. Finally, we both let her go, her head flew off my dick and she gagged a couple of times. I had a panicky feeling that she was just about to spill all of her liquid dinner over my exposed manhood, but she just coughed once or twice, looked up at me and smiled. I guess smiling was a big thing at making her feel okay, so I smiled back. I looked at Martin, and there was the huge grin on his face again. 'You want to swallow it one more time?' he asked and she looked at him without an answer, smiling. He pushed his own dick inside of her mouth, this time burying all of it in one motion. He held her tight to his body with his dick throbbing inside her mouth and Daria gagging wildly. Then he let her go and there was a round of smiles flying between my brother and the woman he almost suffocated with his huge dick. He winked at me and nodded his head in the direction out of the bathroom, and I figured probably into the bedroom. 

'Come on,' he said and helped Daria up. She stood up and half leaned on him, giggling hysterically now. Martin bent down and kissed her on the mouth. Then he kicked off his pants and boxers, and I did the same. 

I walked out of the bathroom, followed by Martin and Daria. She staggered and I could see that the alcohol had now taken a full effect. I headed towards the bedroom, but Martin said: 'Hey!' and as I turned around pointed to the couch in the living room. He led Daria to the back of the couch. He pressed her against the couch, running his hands around her body and roughly grabbing her breasts, kneading them through her bra. She moaned grabbing with his hand behind both of them, grabbing and squeezing his ass. He let her go for a moment, fiddled with her bra for a moment and finally managed to undo it. He slipped it down her arms and her glorious breasts bobbed in front of me. They were huge and beautiful, with nipples bigger than I had ever seen. I couldn't help myself but to plump down on the couch and kneel in front of her, taking one of the nipples inside my mouth and started sucking. 
