 ‘Just a little bit,’ he said pleadingly, ‘please, just a little bit.’ He rubbed her pussy and in a few minutes, she started trembling, then thrashing and finally wildly slamming against Martin’s fingers, which never left their place between her legs. ‘Will you?’ he asked, ‘Will you, please?’ and finally, as she was cumming she screamed, ‘YES, oh YES, I will, I will, I wiiiiillll!’ 

She kept thrashing and he kept rubbing and I swear she must have had more than just one orgasm. She seemed to kept cumming over and over again. Every time her thrashing slowed down a bit, my brother’s skilful fingers brought her back into the ecstatic screams and promises that, yes, she will let him fuck anywhere he wanted to. 

Finally, he let her rest for a minute. He stood up, leaving her to lie on the floor, while he went to finish off my drink that I had completely forgotten about. He looked at me and for a moment I felt like a fool, standing butt naked in front of my butt naked brother, both of us with huge hard ons. He winked at me and went back to Daria. She grabbed his offered arm and he pulled her up in one motion. Again, he bent down and kissed her on the mouth. Their intertwined bodies, so different from one another in color seemed very beautiful at that moment. 

He grabbed her by the hand like a lover taking another lover for a walk and led her into the bedroom. I followed and he motioned to me to lie on the bed. I did as he told me and he pushed Daria gently towards me, telling her to get on top of me. She did as she was told, obediently impaling herself on my dick, this time without any dramatic jumps and gasps and started gently rocking herself up and down my hardness. Still fascinated by her big breasts, I grabbed each one with my hands and squeezed and knead as if they were dough. 

Meanwhile, Martin walked over to his nightstand, opened the drawer and took out a tube of ointment, waving it in the air for a moment. He unscrewed the top and squeezed a huge blob of slick-looking cream onto his palm. He grabbed his dick with the other hand and smeared a generous amount of the slick whiteness onto it. Being the witness to this action, it again made me be turned on as I was some half an hour ago in the other room, while I was wildly humping the plump woman that was now jumping up and down on my dick. 

‘Come on,’ he said and motioned to Daria to get off me, which she very obediently did. He made her stand at the side of the bed, pushed her forward and grabbed the tube of ointment again. He smeared the same slick lotion onto her ass hole as he did just seconds ago on himself. Then, he slowly pushed just the very top of the tube inside her ass and squeezed. He took the tube out, put it on the nightstand and his middle finger found his way into her ass, turning left and right, as if he was smearing the walls of her ass. 

I set up on the bed; intently looking at what he was doing, gently stroking my cock. I wanted to follow him inside that hole; I wanted to blow my load in there, too. 

Finally, Martin positioned himself onto her ass, holding his cock with his right hand, and grabbing her hip with the left. He slowly pushed inside of her, and her head shot up, but her body stayed still, leaning over the bed, supported by her own hands. 

‘Okay?’ he asked and she nodded. He pushed in a little more, and more still and I could see on her face that it was not a comfortable feeling. Then, he started pushing further and further without stopping, slowly, but determinedly burying his entire dick inside. She stood still, her face contorting into a mask of discomfort and possibly pain, but there was no moaning or screaming this time. 

‘All in,’ he said when he finally reached the end and as if to praise her smacked her ass with the hand that was a second ago holding his dick. Now, his hand grabbed the other hip, he pulled out a bit and very slowly pushed back in. 

This time, she jerked up a bit, but still no sound. Martin looked at me and his eyes paused on my hand massaging my dick. He looked into my eyes and winked. Then, he started pumping in and out of her. Taking half of his dick out and pushing it back in, very gently, but nonetheless, I could tell by her face that it must have hurt somewhat. At one point, her hand came off the bed, reached behind her and pushed against Martin’s belly.

‘Easy,’ she gasped. ‘Please, easy,’ she said and for a few moments, Martin stilled himself, only to begin pumping in and out again. 

‘Yeah,’ he said, ‘so tight and’ he pushed in all the way, ‘so beautiful.’ He pulled out and pushed in all the way, repeating how tight she was and how beautiful and how this felt divinely good. She stood still, face full of discomfort, but now little yelps escaped her throat, becoming slightly louder as Martin started pushing inside of her a little harder. 

I was fascinated with Martin’s self-control, I couldn’t see myself being this gentle. All I wanted to do is slam my now throbbing dick inside her asshole and fuck the life out of her. 

As Martin started moaning, his thrusting became more intense and harder. Daria moaned with him, but her moans were not pleasure enticed. Suddenly, Martin regrabbed her hips really hard. ‘I’m gonna cum, baby,’ he said and she moaned loudly. ‘I have to cum, baby,’ he said, pulled his dick almost all the way out and brutally buried it all the way to the hilt in one motion. Daria screamed, but surprisingly, still stood still. 

As Martin started to pump her ass as hard as he possibly could, wildly and almost animal like. The harder he fucked her, the more she hurt, the louder she yelled, ‘Yeah, fuck me, fuck my ass!’ 

Again, I was fascinated by this mad scene of obvious abuse and submission. Martin fucked her hard and fast, harder and faster, until his own eyes were just as ready to pop out of is head as Daria’s were. 

‘Oh fuck,’ he yelled all of a sudden, pulled out of her and slumped himself onto the bed, sliding his body further up, so that she could take his cock into her mouth while he was cumming. I did not have to be told even once that the back door is open to me now. The only regret that I had was that the minute I buried my dick deep inside her asshole, it took all three strokes and I was coming inside of her shitter while my brother was coming into her mouth at the same time. 

We finally slumped on the bed, I exhausted, Daria probably exhausted and thankful that the invasion had finished, Martin on the other hand didn’t look all that exhausted to me. He looked at the digital clock on the nightstand and rolled his eyes. 

‘Martin will take you home,’ he said to Daria and I winced at the brutal rudeness he displayed, even though I was used to it since childhood. I imagined he would have more courtesy than that. But then, what could you expect from a guy with literally hundreds of women in his bed, but no girlfriend to speak of. He could be a real pig. 

As it were, I didn’t take her home. I was too drunk to drive and I put her in one cab and took another one to my house. 

The following day, I called my brother and we chatted about the experience the night before. I was concerned that there was going to be awkwardness in the office, but he told me that she is being transferred to the Houston office at the beginning of the year. He laughed and asked me if I seriously thought he would have involved himself into something like last night with somebody like Daria if he didn’t know he would never see her again. 

After I hung up the phone I felt empty. I most certainly enjoyed the night before, but as so many times in my life with my brother I felt used. I felt as if his dick was being showed down my throat the night before. I swore to myself I would never let myself sink to that level again. At least not with my brother. 

I called Alicia and she was surprisingly nice. We decided to have dinner, and I know it will probably lead to sex. I would love to fuck her in the ass like I did Daria. But I know it’s not going to happen. Not with Alicia, she would never let me do that. Maybe I should just get her drunk. Maybe I should even invite Martin. She always thought that he was kind of cute. 

You never know! I just might get a second surprise Christmas present.