 As always I appreciate the help and suggestions that my editor, drbob80, provides. Also thanks to leftylooo and lancerinLA 

Repeating the notes in Ch. 03:

This is a continuing story so if this is your first visit to a Chronicles of Chris story you might want to read the previous 3. 

As I said, this is a continuing story, so the sex is not continuous, but comes (pun partially intended) in fits and spurts (pun totally intended). It takes a little bit to get there so please enjoy Chris's young life.

----------------------

When I woke up, I was alone and lying on my back. I sat up and listened for Joni. I heard the shower in Mom's bathroom and I felt relief that she hadn't left. I got up and went into my bathroom and took a shower myself. When I came back she was sitting on the bed, naked, waiting for me, her towel on the bed beside her. I had a towel around my waist and she grabbed it and pulled it off. 

My dick was swinging heavily between my legs, about half erect. She wrapped her hand around it and pulled me to her and my dick to her lips. She kissed the head and then licked from tip to base, the contact rapidly making it hard. She sat back up and grinned at me, blushing. She cleared her throat as if she had something she wanted to say, but, was embarrassed and looked down at the floor.

"What is it, Joni?" I asked gently. I reached down and cupped her chin and raised her face to look at me, but her eyes were still downcast. "Come on Joni," I encouraged, "it doesn't matter what it is, you can tell or ask me."

She started speaking so quietly that I could barely hear her. "Uhhh, I dreamt about you, uhhh, lllicking, uhhh, my, uhhh, bottom llast night." If it was possible, she got quieter, her voice dropping to less than a whisper. "I, I, I'd like for yyyou to do it again." She was blushing furiously from head to toe. 

"OK." I said quietly.

"Bbbut, thththat's nnnnot aaallll." She moaned.

"OK." I repeated, figuring I should keep my mouth shut.

She reached under the towel and pulled out a tube of KY jelly. "I, I, I ffffound, thththis innnn yyyour Mmmom's bbbathrrroom." (My brain was reeling, setting aside the question of why she was looking around Mom's bathroom; WHAT THE FUCK was Mom doing with KY jelly? As soon as I had that thought I pushed it out of my head.)

"OK." I repeated, not yet ready to press my luck and say ANYTHING.

She took a deep breath, seemingly to calm herself. "I want you to lick my bottom some more and then I want you to try to fuck it. Your tongue felt so good last night and I remembered your finger in there the other day, so that I kept waking up during the dreams and looking at you. I wanted to wake you up and just tell you to fuck my ass, but I was afraid." She buried her face in her hands, still clearly embarrassed by her desires. I knelt in front of her, looking into her eyes. Her entire body was trembling with either desire, embarrassment or both. 

"I'll do whatever you want; however you want it, Joni." I said softly. "Don't be embarrassed, we don't really control what we like or don't like, it just is what it is." I leaned in and kissed her gently, at the same time taking the tube from her hands and tossing it onto the bed. 

I withdrew from the kiss and helped Joni scoot up and lie down on the bed. I lay down on the bed next to her and held her hand. She was still trembling as she rolled over to throw her leg over mine and pulled her body close to mine. I kissed her forehead and then her eyes as she snuggled in close. She then raised her face for a kiss and I obliged. Her tongue slipped between my lips and she teased my tongue with hers. 

Rolling back onto her back, she pulled me on top of her. She pulled back from the kiss and looked deeply into my eyes and then glanced downward. I understood her request and started sliding down her body, kissing and licking as I went. I thought diving into her ass right away might make her uncomfortable, so I slid down and started teasing her pussy with my lips and tongue. She was obviously turned on by her dreams and our conversation because she was very wet when I got there and quickly grew wetter. 

I teased her clit with my tongue with rapid little flicks and her hips came off the bed. I slid my hands under her ass and drew her closer to me, my thumbs sliding into her crack. Then, I sucked her clit into my mouth and continued to flick until she was moaning, her hands fluttering around my head. The flow from her pussy increased and the clear, sweet liquid was running down through her perineum, into her ass, just as I had hoped. 

I slipped a fingertip in and she shivered some more, thrusting back at my finger. Realizing she wanted to experience more; I slowly pushed my finger all the way into her butt. Suddenly her pussy pulsed and she started shaking with an orgasm. As she was shivering and shaking, I pulled out my finger and gently rolled her over on her belly. Her butt was shiny from her juices and she was flushed all over from her orgasm. 

As she came down from her high, I pulled her hips up until her ass was in the air, her legs spread and her chest and head on the bed. Before she could react, I started licking her cunt from clit to crinkle, stopping just shy of actual contact with her little hole and, in response, she again shivered all over. I licked several times and each time she tensed as I approached her little butthole and then relaxed as I moved away. 

Finally, I withdrew my tongue from her cunt and then suddenly plunged it into her butthole without warning. She shrieked and then had a spontaneous orgasm, shaking all over. I continued licking and kissing all over her sweet little ass. This was really an enjoyable request to fulfill. She was still tensing every time I approached her little hole and I wanted her to be anticipating the contact, desiring it, not tensing up, so I continued licking and kissing until she stopped tensing when my tongue touched her tiny flower. 

As I licked all around the hole she started trembling and then finally when I approached she thrust her ass at me. I made my tongue as hard as it could be and spent long minutes just tongue fucking her ass. She was panting and squeaking the entire time. Finally, I licked a couple more times and then got to my knees behind her. I slowly pushed my raging hard-on into her bubbling cauldron and she squealed her appreciation. I reached bottom and she gripped me with her cunt muscles. I stayed deeply plugged into her until she relaxed and then withdrew just as slowly. 

I pumped in and out of her for a few strokes and then stopped, once again plugged all the way in. I reached over, (harder than it sounds, deep within a grasping, flooded cunt) and picked up the KY jelly. I withdrew and sat back on my feet. 

"Joni?" I asked quietly.

"What, Chris?" Joni asked raggedly.

"Are you sure you want me to try this?" I asked, bumping my throbbing tool against her little bottom.

"Oh, yeah, Chris, I REALLY want you to do this. I loved the way your finger and tongue felt and I want your hot cock in my bottom!" She said convincingly.

"OK," was my only answer.

I slathered the KY all over my dick and my forefinger. I tossed the tube to the side and pressed my finger against her forbidden hole. She immediately responded by pushing back against my finger, and surprisingly, it easily slipped deeply into her butt and she groaned her approval. I slipped it in and out a couple of times and then added another finger and her breath escaped in a whoosh. 

I don't think she was ready. I wriggled my fingers around a little and she seemed to get accustomed to the size because she was soon pushing back at my fingers. I pulled my fingers out and placed the greasy head of my dick against her opening. I held her hips gently. I heard a little 'ooh' as she felt the head contact her soft, smooth little butt. I held it there, wanting her to make the first move. 

Finally, she pushed her hips back and the head started sliding in. I had never felt anything like it and I knew I wouldn't last long. Joni moaned a little and I pulled back, but she pushed firmly against me again. Quickly, the head popped in and Joni yelped in surprise. 

"Stop a second, Chris." She panted. "Let me get used to this."

"OK," was, once again, my only answer.

As we waited, she got up on her hands so that she was on all fours, her head hanging down. After a minute or so, she raised her head, nodded and then pushed her hips back at me. I pushed a little harder and slowly my cock slid further into her hot ass until my hips bumped into her soft, supple butt cheeks. Her head dropped again and she told me to stop again.

"Joni?" I said, and she didn't answer. "Joni, are you OK? Do you want me to pull out?'

She raised her head and shook it, but it wasn't so emphatic this time. I waited a moment and then asked her again. 

She answered, "No, I'm getting used to it. I feel fuller than I've ever felt and I REALLY like it. Now, fuck me, but be gentle at first. Don't slam me or go fast. OK?"

"OK." I answered. "I've read that if you play with your clit, the sensations help you relax and make this go easier. Why don't you try it when I start?"

She didn't answer, just slowly allowed her head and chest to sink back to the bed. I saw her right hand and arm slide under her body. I gently withdrew and held the head of my dick just inside her asshole. She pushed back so I went back in and immediately withdrew, but slowly. We developed a little rhythm and were quickly and steadily fucking. I could see her shoulder moving as she furiously worked her clit. Just as I had suspected, this wasn't lasting long and soon I felt the familiar tingle. 

"Joni, I'm going to cum." I panted.

"Me, too." Joni said.

I started spurting deep in her ass as I held her firmly against me.

"Oh, god, Chris! I feel every squirt! Oh my god, that's amazing!" Joni wailed.

Finally spent, I let go of Joni's hips. I didn't pull out; I wanted to see what she would do. She stayed where she was, kind of pushing against my hips as her orgasm pulsed to completion. She pushed herself against me one last time and then flopped forward on the bed, my cock popping out. I sat back on my heels and watched her lie still on the bed, her breathing slowly returning to normal.

"Chris?" Joni asked. "Chris, where are you?"

"Right here, Joni." I said.

"Could you get me a towel?" She asked. "I'm afraid to move, I feel like I'll make a mess."

I jumped up and went into the bathroom. I found a towel and brought it back to her. She cleaned herself up and then said she needed a shower. When she got up, she walked up to me and threw her arms around me, her head on my chest, our naked bodies pressing together. We stood, swaying for a while and then she looked up and presented her face for a kiss. I kissed her and we held the kiss for a long moment. She pulled her head back and then laid it against my chest.

"Thank you, Chris." Joni said quietly. "I wasn't really sure if I wanted to do that or not, but, you made it so that it was very good for me."

"I can't believe you went through with that if you weren't sure, Joni." I said, surprised. "We could have stopped anytime."

"I know, but, you were so gentle and loving that I knew it would be all right." Joni said. "Now, we need showers. Let's take one together, OK?"

I grinned, "Sure."

She laughed, "Easy, Studley. I'm pretty sore, so I think we'll just wash each other."

"OK." I grinned again. "We're naked, right? So I'm good with whatever."

She just shook her head and said, "Asshole!" Then she grabbed my hand and we went into the bathroom. 

She was serious, much to my dismay. We just showered. I washed her hair and back, I tried to wash the front, but she pushed me away, laughing. She washed my back and then we finished up ourselves and then, still in the warm water, I pulled her to me and kissed her. I ran my hands over her back and down to her butt and she growled in her throat. OK, no more fun for now. I patted her little butt and pulled my hands back up. 

We just kissed and held each other until the water started getting cold. We got out and I dried her off. I kissed all over her body as I patted her down. She giggled the whole time. She went into Mom's room and closed the door. I went in and pulled out a pair of shorts and a tee shirt and put them on. She came out with a bikini that I'd not yet seen and another beach cover up. 

She looked at me with a raised eyebrow. "Aren't we going to the pool?"

"Sorry, I missed that. If we talked about it, I forgot. I'll be right back." I rushed back into my room.

I found a clean bathing suit and put it on and came back out. Joni grabbed my hand and we walked to the pool. There were a couple of moms with small kids there, but the pool area was mostly empty. Joni walked to an area far away from the others and waited while I pulled a couple of loungers together and then we lay down. Joni entwined her fingers in mine and we just lay there in the sun, holding hands. It was nice.

"Chris?" Joni whispered.

"Yeah?" I said in a normal tone.

"Shhhh" Joni shushed me. 

"OK," I whispered. "Why are we whispering?"

"I wanted to tell you how much fun I've been having with you." Joni explained, continuing to whisper. "I think I've had more orgasms in the last week than in the rest of my life combined."

I blushed and said nothing.

Joni giggled and squeezed my hand. "Sara and I shared a room while we were at camp. Like always, we talked about everything, including our time on the island."

I still said nothing, mostly because I was speechless. 

"I told her how you made me feel, how you touched me, everything you did to me, how you gave me three orgasms, how you are maybe the most considerate loving person I've ever known." Joni whispered in a rush. I felt myself beginning to get red all over, I was so embarrassed. "I told her how you PROBABLY had been with Mrs. P, but never said a word..."

"Joni..." I started in a warning tone.

"It's OK, Chris." Joni then continued. "I told her she couldn't say a word to anybody and she won't. When I told her all of that, she started crying. I asked her what the problem was and she clammed up. Sara has never refused to tell me anything. Before that moment, I thought we knew everything about one another, but, I was wrong. She was holding something back and it hurt my feelings. So, I started crying, too."

I still didn't know what to say, so I figured the best thing to do was to say nothing, still.

"Sara felt badly that I was crying and she came over to hug me." Joni's whisper got softer. "We were in our nightgowns, you know, no underwear, and our boobs bumped together when we hugged. I've hugged Sara probably a hundred times, about half of those dressed EXACTLY as we were that night and all I've ever felt was friendship. You know, my boobs have bumped hers a million times because of cheerleading and I've never thought anything of it. But, because we were talking about you and me on the island and all the times I came, I was a little excited and my nipples were hard. Well, Sara's were, too. Her nipples seemed to be sticking out a mile; she must have some amazing nipples. And it really excited me. More than I was already. My pussy gushed as we were holding each other."

I was watching Joni with my mouth hanging open. I glanced down at her breasts and her nipples were hard in the bikini. I looked up at her eyes and they were wide open and shining with excitement. I recognized the look. Her skin was also flushed and I recognized that, too.

Joni continued. "I didn't know what to make of all that and I stopped crying. Sara had stopped crying and we were just holding one another. I wanted to find out why she was crying, but I didn't want to let her go. So, really without thinking, I kissed her neck. She froze, but didn't let go. I asked her what was wrong, why she was crying. She didn't say anything right away, but pretty soon she started telling me. It came out in fits and spurts. There were long minutes where we just held each other, but, I think that it just made it easier for her to tell me." Joni sat up and looked closely at me. She evidently wanted to assure herself that I was paying attention. 

Finding what she wanted in my eyes, she continued. "First you must promise me that you will NEVER repeat any of this!"

I nodded and said, "Joni, you should know better." I just looked at her.

Realization dawned on Joni's face and she reddened and nodded. "Yeah, OK, I know better, Mr. Closed-Mouth, sorry. Anyway, Sara's first experience with sex was worse than awful. She went to the drive-in movies with her brother and a friend of his. Her brother took off to find his girlfriend and left her with this guy. She thought he was cute and he was older so when he started kissing her, she thought it was kind of exciting. When he started feeling her boobs, she didn't want to seem like an inexperienced kid, so she let him."

"Apparently he was a good kisser and had some smooth moves, because before she realized it, she was naked from the waist up. He was sucking on her nipples and pulling on her pants when she came to her senses. She told him to stop and he just smirked and said he didn't have to because she had basically already consented. She tried to fight him then and really couldn't because he had her pinned down."

"At that point he basically raped her; she didn't fight back because she was afraid and thought that maybe he was right and that she had essentially consented. She felt like it was her fault and she never told anyone before me. Anyway, the point to all this is that every one of her relationships has been ruined by that incident. Any time a guy gets close to her, she kinda freaks out. So when I told her about you and me, it just upset her that I could enjoy sex and be happy. That's why she was crying."

I just sat there looking at her. "Joni? Why are you telling me all of this?" She reddened again, looking at the concrete and river rock patio. When she spoke, it was in a hoarse whisper and she couldn't look at me. "There are two reasons.....uhhhh....let me rephrase that. There are many reasons, but they all boil down to two. The first is that I want you to try to help Sara get over her problems with sex and men. Since you and I agreed to try and leave emotions out of whatever it is that we're doing, sharing you with Sara shouldn't be a problem."

"The second is that I would like to explore the feelings that the hug stirred up in me. Simply put, I want Sara. If we do this with the three of us, Sara should be more comfortable than with you alone or with me alone. We need to try to get her to your house this afternoon because she's going to meet us here in a little while. I called her before you woke up this morning and told her she should come and hang out with us this afternoon. She said OK, so when I got dressed I called her and said she should meet us in a half hour. That's why I'm telling you now. She should be here any minute."

I was stunned. "So, in essence, you're studding me out? Do I have a say?"

Joni flushed from head to toe again. "Yes, of course you do. I just thought you'd jump at the chance to be with two girls at once. Isn't that every guy's fantasy?"

"Yes, I suppose it is," I said. "But I never really thought about it happening to me. Now that it's a possibility, I'm a little nervous."

"Why?" Joni asked.

"Because," I answered, "you have put Sara's future sexual happiness in my hands and I'm afraid I won't be up to it. I'm afraid I'll make Sara's situation worse rather than better."

Joni smiled, "Trust me. You are more than up to the task. As an actual recipient of the implementation of your lessons..." She smirked right then.

"Joni..." I grunted warningly.

She laughed, "I'm not sayin' a word."
