 Thank you to my editor, drbob80, leftylooo and lancerinLA.

If you've been following along, this is the continuing story of Chris, Joni and Sara. If you haven't, you might want to look at the previous chapters to get a sense of the story. 

Thanks for reading.

----------------------------------------------

The ringing of the doorbell shattered the beauty and peace of the moment. Evidently, the pizza had arrived. Joni sat up and looked at me. "Chris, there is a wallet in my bag, would you bring it to me?"

I went and got her wallet and she handed me enough money for the pizza and the tip. I pulled on my trunks and went to answer the door. The pizza guy was not a guy, but a girl, Teddi Malone, with whom Joni, Sara and I had graduated. Teddi was about Joni's height, but with the biggest tits I had ever seen in my life. She was dressed in a delivery uniform intended to minimize her assets, but I knew the real deal.

I was surprised. "Teddi? What are you doing delivering pizza?" I asked.

She smiled and said, "Hi Chris. My dad bought Giovanni's last year and I've been working for him. My little brother usually does all the deliveries, but he's at football camp, so I'm stuck doing it until this weekend. It's wearing my ass out!" 

I laughed and said, "Well, at least football camp is only one week. It could be worse!"

"Yeah," she answered, "I could have to do this until I leave for school. Instead, I'll be done with it Friday and don't have to worry about it anymore." She smiled at me.

"That's cool," I answered.

"Hey, Chris," Joni's voice drifted down from upstairs. "Is that the pizza or not? We're starving!"

Teddi's eyes grew huge. "Is that Joni Williams?" She whispered. "And who is we?"

I just smiled. "Here's sixteen bucks, Teddi, that covers it right?"

She just nodded, handed me the pizza, took the money, and said, "I'll be free after eight every night." She smiled sweetly at me.

'OK, what the hell is happening to me?' I thought. 'Teddi is another hot girl that never looked at me in school and unless I'm misreading this, now SHE'S flirting with me! Where the fuck were these girls two years ago?'

Suddenly, she grabbed the pizza back and wrote a number on the box. "Call me, OK?"

"Teddi, I don't know if you know, but I'm leaving for the Navy a week from tomorrow." I explained. "I'm not sure we're gonna have time to get together."

She cocked her head to one side and then grinned. "You've got time for Joni and whoever, but you don't have time for me?"

"OK, I'm not making any promises, but I'll try." I said, "Is that good enough?"

"It'll have to do, big boy!" Teddi laughed and gave me a quick kiss, her tongue flashing into my mouth. "Have a good time tonight!" Then she was gone.

I stood there a little stunned, watching her ass sway to her car. I shook my head in wonder, I went into the kitchen and grabbed some sodas and paper plates and napkins and then went up the stairs loaded down with all that stuff. I was more stunned when I got to the bedroom to find Joni and Sara locked in a 69, Joni on top, of course.

"What? Did you guys get lonely?" I asked sarcastically. "Or are we practicing for cold nights at Marquette?"

I heard Joni snort with laughter and Sara giggle. A muffled, "We'll be with you in a minute Chris, we're both so close."

"Don't worry about me," I said as I stripped out of my trunks. "I like pizza and porn, and this is better. I can touch the stars of the scene."

I reached over and caressed Joni's ass and I heard her sigh. I decided I would help Sara with Joni so I got on my knees behind Joni and teased her little bottom with my dick. She giggled, squirmed, and pushed back at me. I withdrew my dick from her, leaned down, and licked her bottom and she squealed in delight and pushed back harder. I made my tongue into a little, tight roll and wriggled it into her little crinkle and she pushed back once again. I pulled away, Joni moaning her disappointment, and crawled around and found one of Sara's tiny boobs. Sucking it gently between my lips, I teased it with my tongue before softly nipping it between my teeth. Sara yelped and then sighed. I nipped a couple more times before grabbing the KY off the bedside table and moving back to Joni's butt.

I slathered her butt with the cold (She voiced her discontent with the coldness) gel before coating my throbbing rod. Getting back to my knees, I lined up and slowly pushed my dick deeply into her ass, Joni pushing back the entire time. Instead of fucking her and interrupting their coupling, I stayed deeply plugged in and just pulsed my dick. Joni soon started shuddering and I could feel her butt clenching around my cock in orgasm. I could see her reach around Sara's leg and start to work on Sara's cunt with her fingers along with her tongue and Sara soon followed Joni into orgasm. As soon as Sara started wiggling out from under Joni, I started fucking Joni's ass in earnest. Sara spun around and was kissing Joni and holding her as we fucked. After a couple of minutes, I felt my balls tighten up and the tingle start at the head of my dick and work its way down to my balls and then I was coming. I filled Joni's ass once again and then I pulled out, completely spent.

Joni fell forward into Sara's arms and they cuddled for a few minutes as I sat back on my heels. Finally, they scooted apart and held their arms out to me. I crawled between them and they each started peppering my face with kisses, and bumping into one another, they stopped kissing me for a moment and exchanged a deep kiss, open-eyed, staring into the eyes of the other. Then they returned to teasing me with tiny, light kisses and licks all around my face. 

Suddenly Joni pulled back. "Hey, isn't the pizza here?"

"Wham, Bam, Thank You, Chris?" I laughed.

Joni started laughing, too. "Yeah, something like that."

Sara said, "Huh? What did I miss?"

Joni said, "I'll explain it later, I think you had to be there."

"OK," Sara said slowly and suspiciously.

After I went to the bathroom and cleaned myself up, I got the stuff out and spread it out and we sat on the floor, naked and started to eat. For a little girl Joni went after food with such gusto that it made me laugh and I commented on her hunger. 

Joni narrowed her eyes and glared at me. "Watch it Studley, Sara and I may leave you to your own devices tonight!"

I threw up my hands, "I give, you win." 

She grinned and shook her head. We had each eaten several pieces of pizza in virtual silence before she stopped, looked at me and said, "Hey, what took so long to bring the pizza up?" Obviously, she had just remembered.

"Teddi Malone delivered it and we were talking." I said, not thinking much of it.

"Tits Malone? She was here? What did she say? Did she ask about me....us? Are you fucking her, too?" Joni rapid fired questions and her eyes filled with tears. 

"Joni? What's going on? What's the matter?" I was confused by Joni's obvious dismay.

Joni sat there crying and Sara scooted over and put her arms around Joni. Joni nestled into Sara's shoulder and just sobbed. I was speechless and just sat there.

Finally, I couldn't take it anymore. "Joni," I said softly. "Joni, what's wrong? What did I do?"

Joni sniffled and sobbed into Sara's shoulder before composing herself a little. She turned and laid her head on Sara's shoulder, Sara still holding her tightly. "Tits has always been jealous of me. Every year she tried out for cheerleading and every year she was the last cut. She was actually pretty good, but, there was always a balance issue with her tits in the pyramid kind of stuff. She's gorgeous and those tits make her stand out and Coach Kamen always wanted her to be in the squad, but Coach was afraid those tits were gonna get one of us hurt, so in the end, Tits ALWAYS got cut. For some reason, she started focusing on me as the source of her disappointment. If I liked a guy, Tits somehow got in between him and me. She managed to break up many of my friendships with girls, other than the girls on the squad, with mean, untrue stories or whatever. I've tried to talk to her, but she always turns up her nose at me. I was glad when we graduated because I was going to be done with her crap. She's going to Northwestern and I didn't think I needed to worry about her anymore. Now she's trying that shit with you."

"Geez, Joni, I'm sorry, I didn't know." I apologized.

She smiled sadly, "That's OK, you couldn't have known. Really, the reason you couldn't have known is because, as we talked about on the island, I didn't pay attention to you in school, so she didn't either. I'm not trying to be mean, but that's the way it was in school, for her. Answer a question for me, OK? Be as honest as you can with yourself and me."

"Sure," I said, "whatever you want to know."

"When she came to the door, did she show any real attraction to you BEFORE she heard my voice? Or did she come onto you after I yelled?" Joni was looking straight into my eyes and smiled as she saw the realization that she was right dawn in my eyes.

"After." I mumbled.

Joni smiled and crawled over to me. She hugged me and said sadly, "Don't worry about it, Studley. I know those tits, that beautiful dark hair and the smile with the big dimples are hard to resist, so if you want to, go for it."

"Joni," I said, "I don't want to be somebody's revenge fuck. I won't be seeing her. Besides, she doesn't hold a candle to you. Every time I look at you, I can't believe that we are together and you take my breath away."

Joni pulled back, looked into my eyes again, seeing the truth there, with tears flowing down her cheeks, hugged me again and knocked me to the floor kissing and hugging me. Sara jumped in and they both were kissing and hugging me. It was awesome with all the skin sliding together and I was getting excited again. Joni felt my excitement and grinned at me evilly.

'Uh-oh,' I thought, 'I know that look, what now?'

"Do we like this Chris?" Joni asked sweetly, rubbing her silky skin against mine, but with that evil glint in her eye.

"Uh-huh." I answered.

She glanced at Sara, some sort of unspoken communication took place, and together they slid down my body. Then Joni looked up at me and said, "No touching Studley, Sara and I will do all the touching. If you touch, we stop, understood?"

I nodded, mute.

Joni leaned across and deeply kissed Sara. They then turned and put their cheeks together and smiled lovingly at me before dipping to my stomach. They kissed my stomach together before Sara started moving toward my chest and Joni started moving in the opposite direction. Sara found my left nipple with her tongue and bathed it repeatedly, and then she started blowing cool breath on it, making it painfully hard. She finished with the left and then repeated her actions on the right, making it just as hard. Going back to the left, I thought she was going to merely repeat her actions, but I was surprised when she first teased it and then swung her leg over my chest and rubbed her pussy on my erect nipple. The feeling was exquisite; my nipple bathed in Sara's sweetness and molded into her soft, warm, smooth pussy. I raised my chest trying to make my nipple go deeper into the warmth.

Joni raised her head and said, "Hey, no touching!"

I just moaned, "My hands haven't left the bed, I'm just pushing back."

Joni giggled, "Uh-huh."

Sara continued to hump herself against my chest, her sweet nectar running all over. She slid to the other side, leaving a trail behind and started to repeat the process. This time, however, she slipped down, found the edge of my ribcage, and started humping furiously against the bony edge of my ribs, her breath coming in hard gasps. It sounded and looked like she was getting close to an orgasm as she flung her head back and closed her eyes, and increased the speed of her frenzied humping. Her body started shaking and her mouth closed into the shape of an 'O' and she started whispering 'oh, oh, oh, oh', before collapsing onto me. She slipped down and lay beside me, her head on my shoulder, kissing my neck.

In the meantime, Joni had slithered down and had gently encircled my throbbing member with her soft hand. She held it straight up from my body and kissed and licked around the base, but didn't touch the shaft with her mouth. She moved up to the head and just breathed hotly on the tip making me moan in anticipation of a tongue touch that never came. She moved away and my anticipation changed to disappointment. Next, she let go of my rod and it slapped against my belly. She moved to my thighs kissing and licking as she went all the way to my knees before moving to my other leg. I moaned in anticipation again as she started back up towards my waiting, throbbing tool. Again, she stopped; my frustration mounting. Joni reached between my legs and forced them apart. She moved between my open thighs and onto her knees. She leaned forward and brushed her nipples across my cock, her face brushing against Sara's back and I heard her kissing Sara's ass as Sara rubbed herself on me. I had never felt anything like it and thrust my hips towards her chest, she giggled and easily moved away. My hips settled back to the floor and she repeated brushing her nipples on my cock. I bucked again and she moved away again. I was concentrating so hard on Joni's tits that I was ignoring Joni's hands. They had found their way to my butt, between my cheeks and a finger was tickling my asshole. It startled me and my hips bounced, once again off the floor.

Joni giggled, "Something bothering you, Studley?"

"No," I murmured, "I was surprised, that's all."

"Uh-huh." Joni replied.

Suddenly she moved away, she retrieved something from the bed and came back. She showed me the KY jelly and giggled when my eyes bugged out of my head.

"I'm gonna try something," she said, throwing my words back at me. "If you don't like it, we'll stop, but I think you're going to love it. Do you want to try something new?" 

What could I say? "Uh-huh." I mumbled.

"I've done a little reading, too, Studley. This should make you cum harder than you ever have in your life, so relax and enjoy it." Joni was enjoying my trepidation and discomfort immensely.

She greased up her fingers (Yeah, fingers, like in multiple), reached down, and started tickling my ass. I didn't exactly move away, but, I didn't exactly welcome her fingers, either. She leaned down and took the crown of my, now flagging, cock in her mouth. Once again, she swirled her tongue around and my cock responded by regaining the full measure of hardness. Joni slowly moved her lips down my cock and the warm sensation made me momentarily forget her intent. My memory, actually all of me, was jolted by the soft, gentle intrusion of her fingertip into my ass. My hips jerked and Joni was ready for it and pulled her head back. 

"Easy, Studley," Joni admonished me. "I told you to relax. Take it from me; you REALLY need to be relaxed for this."

My butt eased back down to the floor. Sara, trying to be helpful, started kissing my neck and then moved to my chest. Joni lowered her head and found my purple helmet again. Between Joni's soft lips on my cock and Sara's on my nipples, I relaxed as I enjoyed their touch. As soon as Joni felt my body relax, she continued insinuating her finger into my ass. This time, I was ready and relaxed and it didn't surprise me at all. She matched her pace with her mouth on my cock with the steady rhythm of her finger in my ass. Surprisingly, it was a very pleasant, erotic feeling. She continued for several minutes as my hips began matching her actions, then she wormed another finger into my ass and began lightly scraping her teeth on the skin of my cock. 

Sara returned to my lips and began a long, slow, deep kiss and if I didn't know any better, I'd swear that they had done this a lot, they were that much in tune with one another. The combination of the passion of the kiss and Joni's loving tongue and lips were starting to bring me closer to the edge. Joni's fingers just added to the feeling that my entire body was involved in the lovemaking. I felt Sara's hand slide down my body and gently cup my balls before slipping back up to circle my cock. She then matched Joni's pace in a feathery touch on my dick, before sliding her chest over my face and presenting a hard nipple to my greedy lips. I sucked and licked and nipped at the long protrusion from her chest. Sara withdrew to my momentary disappointment before sliding the other nipple in front of my lips, which I immediately attacked. She only left it there for a minute before again withdrawing. I moaned again while she was seemingly gone completely. Then, suddenly there was her dripping pussy in front of my face. I plunged my face hungrily into her wetness and she responded by grinding herself into my mouth.I licked and sucked and nibbled and she kept pushing down on my face. Her excitement was increasing my own excitement and Joni reacted to my response by increasing her attention to my dick. I could feel the additional saliva that she allowed to bathe my cock and her speed on my cock and in my asshole subtly increased. My hips were driving into her mouth and my cock erupted like never before as she sucked and slurped up my spend. 

Joni had been right, the intensity of the orgasm was beyond anything I had ever felt. I finally ignored the rules and grabbed Sara's hips and pulled her hard to my face, viciously assaulting her soaking pussy. I reached around behind and underneath her, thrust my thumb into her churning cunt, and tried to find her G-spot. I don't know whether I did or not, but whatever I did was right because she squealed that she was cumming and drove her cunt hard into my face, repeatedly jamming her clit against my nose, before crumpling on top of me. I lay still for a moment and then gently tried to move her off me as I was having difficulty breathing. I succeeded in moving her limp body to the side and the first thing I saw was Joni's beautiful radiant, smiling face. I held my arms open, she flung herself into them, and we shared Sara's cum and mine in a mash of lips and tongues.

Joni settled down into my arms after the kiss and then turned her head and looked at Sara. "Do you think we killed her?" Joni giggled.

"Probably not," I said, "but I think we ought to get her into the bed, along with us."

Joni slipped off to the side and let me sit up. I looked at Sara and she was out. I got to my knees and slipping my arms under her, picked her up and laid her to one side of the bed. I covered her with the sheet and kissed her on the forehead, before turning to look at Joni. There were tears shining in her eyes.

"Joni?" I asked, "What's wrong?" I wrapped her into my arms.

She shook her head and sniffled into my chest. "Nothing, that was just so sweet. I'm getting unhappy that you're gonna be leaving."

"Joni," I said gently, "We talked about this."

"I know," she mumbled, "but it doesn't have to make me happy."

I just nodded and told her we needed to lie down. She wanted to lie in the middle next to Sara, so I shrugged and let her climb in first. She asked me to turn the light on in Mom's bathroom so Sara could see if she needed to go in there in the middle of the night, so I did. Joni settled into my arms and we drifted off to sleep.

I slept soundly all night, my dreams were now a jumble of Eva, Joni and Sara. I slept quite happily and contentedly with my memories and dreams. I knew that Joni was folded neatly in my arms and that knowledge added to my happiness. I was still asleep, but drifting towards wakefulness when I felt Joni move away. In my semi-awake state, I figured she was headed to the bathroom, but I became aware that she hadn't left the bed. I opened my eyes and saw Joni on her knees between Sara's legs. I lifted my head slightly to see better and saw Joni's eyes flicker in my direction. She slightly shook her head, which I took to mean that she didn't want me to move and disturb Sara. I watched the beautiful coupling unfolding before me, the best I could from my position on the bed. Joni was kissing along the inside of Sara's thighs and it looked like she was barely grazing the skin, teasing Sara with her tongue and lips. I glanced at Sara's face and her eyes were closed with a blissful smile. I looked back down at Joni and she was continuing to tease, licking and kissing around Sara's pussy, but never making direct contact.
