 Chuck eased himself down into the restaurant-red vinyl-covered seat of the booth at the Dew Drop Bar and Grill. The Dew Drop was a small hole in a large spot known as Carpenterville. A perfect spot for out of the way rendezvous of the sort Chuck had in mind. 

Chuck wanted sex-- hot, "Do me now, Baby", no strings attached sex. He had been told this was the place to find it. He watched the waitress swagger towards him, swinging her hips in wide arcs that advertised her feminine availability. 

"Yes," he thought to himself," I am definitely in the right place." She stopped by his table and her green eyes twinkled at his obvious appreciation of her more than adequate chest. 

"Can I get you something to drink, Handsome?" she enquired with a teasing smile as she leaned over slightly, giving him a clear view of her cleavage in the tight fitting button-up white blouse. The slightest hint of white lace was visible, lovingly cupping those mammoth mounds. He felt his immediate physical response to what was his favorite piece of feminine anatomy.

"I'll take a large iced tea, with lemon," were the words that surprised him when they came from his mouth because he had thought he was going to say that he would take her, anytime, and anyplace. 

"I'll be right back with that," she said and the gleam in her eye told him that she knew what he wanted to say. He just gazed in awe at her black short-skirt-covered hips swaying back to the kitchen. He wondered if those black hose were panty hose or thigh highs attached to a garter. If he had been a betting man, he would have bet on the garter belt. 

She brought his glass, and bent from the waist deeply as she slid it across the table in front of him, letting the side of her breast brush his forearm. She pulled slowly back and told him she would be back soon to take his order. He couldn't find the breath to tell her that someone would be joining him shortly.

He did pull the vinyl covered menu from the chrome holder at the back of the table against the wall and perused it until he was halted by the red fingernails clasping the top of it and pulling it down as Amy slid into the seat across from him.

"I see you found the place," she said as she smiled deeply into his eyes, and settled herself directly across from him and slid her black hose encased foot up the inside seam of his khaki trousers.

Chuck looked at the figure-fitting black lace top that was visible inside her black suit jacket. It clearly showed the black and white striped bra she had on beneath it. But the matching black jacket somehow made it all respectable. Her blonde hair was a soft cloud of curls around her head and her navy blue eyes twinkled merrily at him from above her full ruby lips.

"Yes, your directions were impeccable," he replied, wiggling a bit in his seat to adjust the rising bulge. 

"Did you wear ... you know..," he asked, looking intently at her for an answer.

"As per your request....no," she answered and grinned wickedly at him.

"Then move over her beside me," he said as he slid over, making room beside him on the booth seat .

She moved around the table and his hand slid to the black hose encased thigh nearest him. He edged his hand higher under her skirt and she squirmed herself into position so that he could reach his goal. He grinned as he stroked a finger over her bare and shaven outer lips. The grin widened when he delved deeper and slid a finger into the wetness of her heat. She gasped quietly at the penetration, and bit her bottom lip as he worked his fingers over her clit and back and forth, in and out of her hot hole.

" C'mon," she gasped, and grabbed his hand to pull him from the booth. He hastily tossed out a five dollar bill to pay for his tea, and let himself be led from the restaurant, toward the motel next door. She didn't say a word as she pulled a key from her jacket pocket and inserted it into the door of room 132. The door opened with a quiet swoosh, and she tugged him into the room. 

He barely had time to register that it was a very clean, neat room which looked to have been remodeled recently when she pushed the door closed, locked it and pushed him up against the wall, her breasts drilling their hot stiff points into his chest. Chuck felt a blaze of passion make him rock hard as she pressed into him , and clasped his head between her hands to kiss him heatedly.

She took a step back, and let the jacket slip from her shoulders, leaving her upper torso clothed in a short sleeved back lace top, which clearly revealed the black and white zebra print bra, with black lace trim that she wore underneath.

Her breasts swelled above the lace of the bra showing him cleavage like he had seen very few times in his life. He felt his mouth water as she smiled enticingly and slowly pulled the top over her head, only the bra remaining to contain the huge melons. She came back to him and his eyes were glued to the cleavage mashed against him. Her hands slid slowly up his body lightly caressing each inch she encountered. She stopped briefly, and smiled widely, when her fingertips brushed against the hard bulge beneath his zipper. 

She pulled his head to her again and singed him with a kiss as she rubbed her chest from side to side across his. She pulled back slowly, and dropped to her knees in front of him maintaining eye contact as she slid the zipper down and unfastened his belt. She slipped his pants and underwear down to his ankles and took his hard length into one hand while she licked up the inside of both legs, nibbling along the way. She swirled her tongue around his balls, sucking softly as her hand stroked him slowly.

She looked up into his eyes as she took the head of his cock into her mouth and sucked it firmly bringing an instant response surging up within him, making him harder than he thought it was possible to be. He leaned his head back and groaned deeply when he felt her lips close around him and slide excrutiatingly slowly down his length. She sucked like a Hoover as she slid them back up and when she reached the tip, she closed her mouth around the head and flicked her tongue back and forth first in the slit on the end, and then, underneath the head on the soft tender spot , which sent a jolt of electricity through him. He tangled his fingers in her blond curls and pressed her mouth down until she once again had almost his entire length in her mouth.

She began a slow up and down slide which resulted in his hips rocking back and forth in rhythm with her mouth, unmindful of occasionally gagging her with the force of his strokes. He looked down, entranced by the sight of her red lips and blonde curls bobbing around his cock. He also noticed the sight of her full breasts below in all of their glory, black lace teasing the hard jut of her nipples. The rise and fall of her breasts sent him into a frenzy and he began rocking his hips faster, as he felt the eruption beginning to build. She struggled to keep up with him, and as she flicked her tongue from side to side and sucked firmly she felt his salty cum begin to spew against the back of her throat. She swallowed deeply, but he released so much white juice, that some of it poured over her lips and dribbled down her chin landing in drips upon her breasts, rolling down onto the edge of the black lace.

She pulled back just a bit and took time to lick the flaccid flesh clean. Then she stood up and walked over to the king size bed that dominated the room. She stopped and turned as she unfastened the buttons that held her short skirt up. She threw it across the room with a flourish to land on her jacket and blouse and then she stepped out of the black heels, revealing that she wore only a black garter belt and the black thigh high hose it held up. 

She smiled enticingly and slid back on the bed, giving him a clear view of her bare, shaven pussy. She leaned back in the center of the bed and spread her legs wide as he came across the room tossing his shirt and socks off. She giggled as he dove face first between her legs, and the giggle turned to a gasp as he pressed her legs flat and worked his tongue feverishly over her clit. She gasped and bucked her hips, a loud moan escaping her lips as two of his fingers slipped inside her wet pussy and pressed rhythmically in and out. Her back arched and she groaned out his name as she felt the first waves of her orgasm rising... She rose up and screamed as the waves washed over her.

Amy dropped back to the bed in satisfaction, and chuckled slightly as her fingers ran through Chuck's hair where his head rested upon her belly. He shifted himself so that he could suckle and lick at her breasts. He sucked firmly through the thin lace covering, and then tugged her breasts out over the top of it to give him better access.

Moisture gathered once again on her bare lips, as he continued to fondle, lick, suck , and nibble in alternating firmnesses upon her sensitive breasts. Her hips rose a bit and he pulled away to straddle her stomach.

"Hold those big tits together for me, baby," He said as he guided his cock toward them. She smiled and held her breasts together so that with each stroke he made through them, she could lick the head of his cock or quickly clasp her lips around the entire head. The friction of his increasingly fast strokes warmed her body, and when she thought she could surely take no more, he quickly moved and pressed her legs up to her shoulders as he plunged deep inside her hot, wet, waiting pussy. She gasped and moaned his name, contracting her vagina around his hard cock as his strokes pushed her over the edge. Her body arched up again and her pussy squeezed in waves around his cock causing his orgasm to well up. He speedily pulled out and shook his cock so that cum spewed up the soft roundness of her belly.

She reached down and rubbed it into her skin, smiling all the while. He got up and retrieved a glass of water for each of them, and they sat in a companionable silence as they sipped the cool liquid down their throats. Chuck looked startled when a resounding knock reverberated through the room, but Amy just giggled and climbed off the bed to answer the door.

" This is your big surprise," she said as she opened the door with a flourish. Chuck started when he realized that it was the red-headed buxom waitress from the Dew Drop who had given him such come-hither gazes. The women leaned into each other and hugged. 

" Shellie came to help me fulfill a fantasy you mentioned," Amy explained as Shellie stripped out of her white shirt and black skirt. He got to see her large melons in all of their glory momentarily encased in white lace before she tossed it onto the floor . And as he suspected, she did have on a garter and hose similar to those that still adorned Amy's legs. He marveled at how lucky he had been to hook up with Amy and how willing she was to share all of his sexual fantasies, as long as they didn't hurt anyone.

Both women climbed back upon the bed and he felt four large breasts press into his flesh, so that he tried to caress each woman at the same time, but with the flurry of hands and mouths upon his body he could only lie back and groan at the pleasure. HE felt a mouth upon his cock, and he realized it didn't have the same full lipped feel of Amy's mouth, so he knew it had to be Shellie. It was Amy who slid up his body and kissed him deeply, as her nails scraped erotically down his body. 

The feel of a woman's lips on his cock was a treat that he enjoyed immensely and now that he had gotten it twice, he felt his cock prepare to spew as he sucked one of Amy's massive tits into his mouth. He sucked hard and he felt her gasp and writhe against him in pleasure. He sucked hard and groaned against her body as he felt his cock spew. Amy moved to his side just in time for him to see his cum coat Shellie's cheeks and lips.

She laughed as she wiped it off and spread it over her nipples, and rubbed it in. 

"The best skin lotion in the world," she chuckled.

They all reclined and talked about the local weather forecast, the pro basketball games from the night before, and whatever came to mind while Chuck recovered. The two women occasionally caressed him, and he stroked each of them in turn. He would briefly tweak a nipple or squeeze a breast. Sucking their nipples kept them gasping from time to time, and by the time Chuck felt himself able to stir to life, he and Shellie were both sucking on Amy's nipples, bringing her to the verge of another orgasm.

Chuck moved down her body and spread her legs wide as he slid into the tight slickness of her. She raised her hips to him, and smiled into his eyes as Shellie continued to lick and suck at her breasts. She moved her hips in a figure eight and clenched and unclenched her muscles rhythmically around his cock, driving him so wild that when she reared up screaming in her orgasm, he came too, shooting her full of his cum, even though he knew that she didn't want it that way. 

He looked into her eyes, and saw she was torn between loving the feel of his hot love juice inside of her, and being upset because of the possible ramifications. He pulled out, and Shellie surprised them both after seeing the silent communication between them, by pushing him to the side and settling her mouth over Amy's pussy, licking out as much cum as she could reach with her hot pink tongue.

Amy jerked and gazed at Chuck , in shock by this, since she had never before had any kind of intimacy with a woman. The sight of the two women made Chuck so hot that he immediately had a raging hard-on again. He couldn't resist the sight of Shellie's glistening pussy lips, and he pulled her hips up and forcefully slid into her from behind. She made no notice other than the brief grunt that escaped onto Amy's clit.

He looked up and saw that Amy's head was back and she was gazing into his eyes and smiling as another orgasm shook threw her causing her nipples to harden and peak. He plunged even faster and deeper into Shellie at that sight, and h pulled back in time to spill his seed all over her back and ass. As he pulled out, he felt her body stiffen with her own orgasm, and she slumped down onto he bed on her belly.

They all got comfortable and slowly recovered. Shellie winked at them, and went to the bahroom to freshen up and dress so she could go back to work. 

"She came over for her dinner break," Amy said as she curled up into his side and nibbled on his neck.

" Wow," he breathed as Shellie slipped out the door, " That was something else."

"Hey You know I told you anything you wanted," Amy grinned, " Wait till you see what I have planned for next week!"