 They were all laughing as they left the restaurant, probably the youngest group that had had dinner there that night. The fact that they were doing something very naughty at that table and had gotten away with it without being noticed, and the nervous anticipation of what wonders lay ahead this night, fueled their laughter. 

The men were taking what had gone on in Gino's Italian Restaurant in stride as a part of their macho bravado, just as if they had been streaking in college, and had made it back to the dorm unscathed. Charie, who in her mind had embarked on this journey before anyone of them, was tickled, and felt wickedly aroused, and thought of new possibilities which might develop within their relationship, particularly as related to Penny. 

Penny, who had visualized a serious flashback at the restaurant, of experiences that caused feelings of guilt, laughed with the rest of them, but was troubled. Her memories of her compliance to her college roommate's sexual advances, coupled with Charie's obvious advance when she had taken hold of her hand and put it on John's foot while his toes were working under the table between Charie's legs, made her feel very sinful. And, tomorrow, Easter Sunday, she would be playing the organ and piano in front of the congregation. She remembered last week, how she masturbated in church, and had been so willfully rebellious. Will I ever be forgiven? She thought. Am I a hypocrite? At the same time, looking back at last Saturday night's experience in bed with Gary, (Charie's husband), she felt her already damp panties become wetter, feeling like she was caught in a swift current, a current she shouldn't be in, but didn't want to try to get out of. She was conflicted. Her face flushed and the rims of her ears turned bright red when she heard Gary say:

"Geez Penny, the end of my sock is squishing in my shoe. Good thing we were in an Italian restaurant with all that garlic, or the whole restaurant might have smelled like pussy."

Charie responded to her husband by punching him in the shoulder and saying, "That's terrible Gary. What a clod you are!"

"I'm sorry Penny, "Gary said, "I was just trying to be cute...guess I blew it, huh."

Penny, who was hoping that Gary would be making love to her again tonight, said in a conciliatory tone, even though she was embarrassed, "That's alright Gary, but lets try to keep our comments about this stuff to the confines of our homes, ok?" There was no question that she was excited. As she walked she tried to squeeze her pussy lips together to keep her increasing flow from dripping down her legs.

Gary, as he started the engine, suggested, "We got a pretty good start at Gino's. Maybe we should forgo the club and go right to your apartment." They all agreed, realizing that the club had served its purpose as a place to break the ice of the relationship, and now it was time for them to see what pleasures they could fulfill for each other. They were eager for action and not words.

During dinner they all debriefed on last Saturday night, each telling what going to bed with the other's spouse meant to them. The conversation is what led to the men playing footsy under the table with the other wife's pussy. They all agreed that what they were doing was the most exciting thing they had experienced in their lives...and made a commitment to keep it going as long as they could, at least until they decided to have children—a greed that even though they thought they already had a good sexual relationship with their spouse, the fact that they had experienced the others had further enhanced their sex life at home—and this after just one evening together. Like conspirators they all lifted their water glasses as The Three Musketeer's toast was proffered, "All for one, and one for all," and drank with the lust of those ancient men—and their passionate women.

It was John, Penny's husband, who broached the subject of variety. He shared that Gary and he had lunch earlier in the week and determined that they wanted to make this relationship something that didn't just develop into the same old, same old. "I think, even though it is really exciting now," he said, "we should do something a little different, at least while we're still getting used to it. And then, when the newness wears off, we'll have a repertoire of things we can shift to as we go along—not because we are bored, but because we have developed sophistication about the relationship. 

They came up with the idea that tonight they would pair up with the other couple's spouse and play charades, two out of three. The loser would have to make love on the carpet while the other two watched. Penny was the most uncomfortable with it, saying that she was a very private person. But Charie, eager for a new experience said, "Don't worry Hon, I'm gonna try to lose." That made the car rock with laughter.

Trying to be as inconspicuous as possible to neighbors who might try to snoop, John carried the brown A & P bag that hid Gary and Charie's new robes, as if he were carrying supplies for a party. They agreed that there would be robes for each couple in each apartment. He didn't want anybody to wonder why a guest would be carrying the groceries. 

John and Penny's apartment was only one bedroom, part of a four unit complex, at the rear—with their own entrance. The fact that they were downstairs made it easier for them to pursue the activities with their friends. It was secluded enough, and the apartment next to them was occupied by an older woman who was very hard of hearing. They had agreed at the restaurant that they would alternate apartments—every two weeks—so as not to arouse suspicion. They also talked about going out of town to a motel once a month or so, where they could all spend the entire night together, maybe even two nights. John and Penny had to be in church on Sundays to direct the choir and play the piano and organ. "At least," Charie said, "until the newness wears off." This comment reminded Gary about something an older man had told him on his wedding day.

"The man told me," he related to the others, "while we were both eating wedding cake in the Church basement, that it was a 'proven fact,' that if, each time we had sex during the first two years of our marriage, and we would put a penny in a jar—there would be so many pennies in the jar that, if we took a penny out each time we had sex for the rest of our life, we would never empty the jar."

"Yeah," Charie chimed in, "and between you and me (she was talking to Gary) having sex with each other, coupled with having sex with these guys, it will make us so horny that we will want to have even more sex with each other. 

"We'll probably be able to open a bank," Gary said, to more uproarious laughter.

When they got into the apartment Penny offered to let Charie use the bathroom first. The men got undressed in the bedroom, and put on their robes (white terry, just like in the hotels), and came out into the living room rather quickly. There was no mistaking their eagerness to get started. 

Penny was standing in front of the second-hand-store-bookshelf, looking at a picture of her mother and father, remembering the sounds that used to come from their room when she was a little girl. She thought of her father and her new stepmother. Were they making love the way he and her mother did? Did he share the pornographic deck of cards with her? Did he ever think of Penny and the one time she sucked his cock? Did he ever want her to do it again? She wondered what he would think of his little girl now, getting ready to have sex with another woman's husband, while her husband and the other woman watched.

John and Gary strutted into the living room in their new white robes. Penny turned and looked at them with a distracted smile on her face. She couldn't help but notice that Gary's huge cock was partially hard, already bulging the robe like a plump sausage hanging well below his balls. She looked into his eyes, and quickly relived some of last Saturday night's ecstasy, which washed her feelings of guilt away. Thoughts of her parents were forgotten and were replaced by the hope that she could enjoy Gary's loving again tonight.

Charie pranced eagerly out of the bathroom; her face washed clean of make-up—a wholesome looking young woman. "The bathroom's yours sweetie," she said to Penny, "Don't take too long," watching Penny close the bathroom door. Turning to John and Gary, who were standing close together, she posed, "What are we gonna do until she comes out?"

The men looked at one another quizically. Gary shrugged his shoulders and smirked at Charie—then John. 

"Well, I can see, Gary, that you're just about ready," she said as she looked down at the bulge in her husband's robe. She walked up to him and said, "Baby, your honey is horny as hell, and maybe we can get this thing warmed up by the time Penny comes out of the bathroom. 

Putting her left hand behind his head, she pulled him close and kissed his lips. Her right hand slid inside his robe, and her fingers wrapped around his cock. When her tongue was deeply inside his mouth her hand stroked the loose outer skin of his cock a few times, then pulled it outside his robe. She broke the kiss, looked over at John and said, "What do you think of my baby's cock John?" winked at him and dropped to her knees. Raised Gary's cock up she began licking the underside of his shaft. "Mmmmm," she purred, looked up into Gary's eyes, and then looked over at John and winked. 

John watched as Charie licked the underside of the head of Gary's huge cock. Then, she pursed her lips and dribbled saliva on it, and sucked the head into her mouth, her lips sliding through the saliva. He had been dangling plump before but now unconsciously stroked his rigid rod. He had always been comfortable with his own sexuality, so Gary's monster cock didn't intimidate him. Just the same, when he saw how big it was, he pursed his lips and blew a tiny whistle of amazement. 

He watched as Charie began pumping her mouth over Gary's pink rod, her eyes closed, holding the base of his cock in her grasp. She raised her left hand towards John, signaling "come hither" with her fingers. He took her hand in his, and guided it to his own hard member. Her fingers wrapped around it as well and pulled it out of his robe. John undid the knot of his belt and let the terry robe fall open, exposing his hairy chest, the tapered hairy line that went from his chest to his bellybutton, and then continued to his bushy black triangle, which was punctuated by his gray/brown, uncut erection.

Charie's right hand came off of Gary's shaft, and she fumbled with his belt, working to untie it with her fingers. The belt sagged down and his robe came open. With her left hand on John's cock, she slid her mouth off of Gary's, then grabbed John's with her right hand. She looked up at Gary and said, "Two cocks baby. Do you know how long I have been hoping for more than one at the same time?"

Gary just smiled and watched her as she stroked John, and then him: individually, then together, and then alternately. She licked him, sucked him into her mouth, which sent shivers up and down his spine, and caused his knees to weaken. Then she took both men's cocks and caressed them against her cheeks, like a greedy treasure hunter who had found the riches of King Solomon's mine.

Abandoning Gary's cock she took hold of John's penis by his foreskin, pinching it between her forefinger and thumb, opening it like a tent over his gizzard colored glans. She pulled him toward her, leading him by his foreskin and inserted her tongue inside the opening of the tent. 

Gary watched in awe as Charie's tongue circled John's head, causing a bulge beneath his foreskin, causing John to hiss "Oh God!" He wished at that moment that he had not been cut. Charie's tongue gathered the clear precum oozing from John's slit and formed into a tiny pool, with which she paused and proudly showed her husband. Then he winced when his turn came as she shifted from cock to cock and lotioned his head with John's crystal fluid. He was excited that his wife was pleasuring them both in this way and lovingly stroked her hair, and was extremely happy that Charie was, at long last, to realize her fantasy. Looking over at John, he saw him shake his head in both pleasure and disbelief. 

Penny came out of the bathroom and saw Charie kneeling on the floor between her husband and Gary, a cock in each hand. At first she was taken aback, and realized that the game of charades had been cancelled. Then she shook her head and chuckled to herself, clearly aware that Charie was in charge. She had always been in charge, Penny thought, even when she snookered the guys to act on their desires to swing, and shifted the blame to her. 

It hit her that the reason she had been reliving her past with Miriam, her college roommate, was that Charie reminded her of Miriam. She was in control, just like Miriam had been, and Penny knew that Charie would be controlling her as well, just as she remembered how much she loved being under Miriam' control. And for the first time in this new experience she felt relieved, relieved that there would be someone to guide her, pleased that she would once again be experiencing the softness of a woman's body.  

She responded almost immediately when Charie looked over at her and said, "Take off your robe sweetie, and come join us." 

Obediently, as she watched John's foreskin being pushed back by Charie's lips, gathering his extra skin just behind the head, while, at the same time Charie's right hand was stroking Gary's ponderous shaft. Untying her belt she let it fall open, hunching her shoulders causing it to cascade into pile of white terry fabric around her ankles. 

It had not occurred to her that the evening would develop into a group affair. And had it not been for the fact that she allowed Charie's dominance to creep into her psyche, she would have objected. She was overwhelmed at the sight of Charie sucking, first her husband's cock, then Gary's. Charie was ravenous and she made sucking and slurping noises as if she had been dying of thirst in the desert and had just discovered a lush oasis. The men's faces were masks of awe and wonder. 

Penny remembered Miriam telling her of a time when she had sex with two men, and recalled how shocked she was at the time, having believed that sex was only to be conducted between one man and one woman, and realized now that she had always secretly admired Miriam for the fact that there were no sexual limitations within the framework of her life. Penny felt the veil of restriction being lifted from her like the shroud that was lifted from Auguste Rodin's statue, The Kiss at its unveiling, and she stood naked and proud before the new circle of comfort. 

Charie, who now felt John's cock touching the soft palate at the back of her oral cavity, shifted her eyes to the beauty of Penny's naked body. She was beautiful, tall, blonde and willowy. Long, curly blonde hair shrouded her shoulders and pointed the way to Penny's marvelously shaped 36D breasts, with her brownish/pink oval areolas framing her eraser like nipples. Her cleavage directed Charie's gaze to her soft peaches and cream stomach, her tiny "innie" navel, the soft abdomen, the light brown triangle of curling hair, her perfectly shaped legs, and beautiful feet. She caught Penny's eye and hooked and wiggled her finger, commanding her to come and serve her, feeling a new sense of power that she was in control, and it was now her party. 

Penny welcomed Charie's dominance, and willingly stepped behind her and kneeled. She anticipated that Charie wanted her robe removed and she accommodated her, slipping the fabric off her shoulders. Then, as Charie continued slurping and moaning from cock to cock, Penny laid her breasts on Charie's back, kissed the back of her neck and wrapped her arms around her, her hands cupping and caressing her nipple hardened breasts. She felt Charie's body quiver with her first orgasm of the night, and felt her own pussy clutch and moisten at the sensation of it all. And she thought, "I love you Miriam. I wonder where you are now."

"I'm gonna cum!" John exclaimed, pleased that he had given fair warning. He knew from last Saturday night that Charie liked the taste and feel of cum in her mouth. But last Saturday night she was quite direct in telling him that she wanted to be told before he exploded, so she could decide what to do about it. 

Gary was turned on tremendously by the whole thing. He had often fantasized an orgy, but never really expected that he would be involved this way, particularly with two women that he cared so much for. He was really turned on by his wife sucking another guy's cock, and knew that she wasn't going to stop until he shot his load in her mouth.

Charie just fucked John's cock faster with her mouth until she felt the spurting jism splash against the back of her throat. The excitement of having a spent cock in her mouth, tasting its cum while she was jerking her husband's erection, and being cuddled and caressing by Penny from behind, sent her over the edge and she collapsed, her body quivering in another orgasm. 

"Holy shit, " John exclaimed as his wet, depressurized cock slipped from Charie's mouth, forming a long string of cum which stretched gossamer fine and snapped away from Charie's lips as she fell back into Penny's arms. He looked over at Gary to make sure that he was alright with what his wife was doing. But Gary was holding his cock, stroking it absent mindedly, looked at the two naked women on the floor with pleasured unbelief. John stumbled backward and sat down hard on the arm of the overstuffed easy chair, semen leaking from his wormlike foreskin onto the upholstered fabric. 

Feeling Charie's body in her arms, Penny felt remarkably refreshed. The struggle she had been having about her feelings for Miriam had been bottled up too long. And what she had been carrying as guilt was now overpowered by longing. These emotions were now released, free to be expressed. Her eyes took in the panorama of Gary stroking his cock, and her husband John now sitting on the edge of the chair with both pleasure and disbelief in his eyes, his limp, wet, wormlike cock dangling harmlessly. She smiled at both of them and said, "I love you guys," then pressed her lips tenderly on Charie's neck, smelling her sweet feminine scent. She enjoyed the sensation of a woman's soft skin on her lips, the warm and responsive breast in her left hand, and the feel of Charie's soft abdomen and springy pubic hair as her right hand traveled downward to the warmth between her legs.

Charie, savoring the taste of John's semen, licked her lips then grinned wickedly at Gary and winked at John. She had known since she saw Penny walking so seductively into the restaurant on Wednesday, when they had lunch, that this would be a possibility, and did everything she knew to make it happen. What she was unable to know was that Penny, although going through a year or two of guilt about her previous bi-sexual experience, was primed for such a thing to occur. She leaned back against Penny's breasts, feeling them flatten against her back, and then felt her pussy continuing to lubricate as Penny kissed her neck, caressed her breast, then moved her hand down her soft abdomen, across her hairy mons, and felt between Charie' lips for her sodden trench. She placed her bare feet flat on the floor, opened her knees and drew her feet all the way back, almost touching her bottom. 

As Penny's middle finger floated through Charie's pussy, she parted the wet and flaccid labia, felt the entrance to her vaginal tunnle, and let her finger follow its course, easing open the sphincter, and sliding inside Charie's moist, warm sponge. She licked the rim of Charie's ear and whispered, "I'm so happy we're doing this."
