 This is the follow up to a true story that was pasted to me by a women "friend" while we were lying in bed after making love. It was in response to a question I asked her about any interesting experiences she had had and could share with me. Her husband is not aware of this event or the times that we have shared together.

About three weeks after my first trip to visit my daughter, Kim, at college and meeting Mark, at a frat party, I decided to go back and visit both Kim and Mark. I had called Mark and spoken to him several times over the phone and he was anxious to see me again and I was anxious to have him inside me again. In preparation for the trip I went to the store and bough several 'younger' and sexier outfits. The one I knew I would wear for the party was a blue mini skirt with a white sweater top and white shiny thigh high stockings. I bought several lacy bras and panties to complete the outfits. I stored these outfits in a suitcase so they were ready to go and my husband would not find them. 

On the Thursday night before the party I packed everything in my car and left for Kim's school, giving my husband a goodbye kiss and telling him I would call to let him know that I had arrived OK. The trip seemed longer then before because of my anticipation of the events waiting for me after my arrival. I was not going to my daughter's dorm but directly to Mark's frat house where I was staying for the weekend. I stopped in a rest area part of the way there and changed into one of the outfits I had purchased for this trip. I wanted to arrive looking sexy even thou my cloths would hopefully not be on that long after my arrival. But, just having one of my outfits on changed my attitude and increased my desire for Mark's young body. 

When I arrived at the frat house Mark was in the TV room, with several of his friends, waiting for me. I recognized John and some of the others whom I had danced with during the party last time I was there. As I walked in Mark got up and came over to the door to greet me with a long slow kiss that aroused my desire even more then it was. I told him I needed a phone to call my husband and leave a message telling him I had arrived safely and would be out the rest of evening with Kim. After leaving the message, he carried my suitcase up to his room. As I followed behind him I studying his sexy young body longing to feel his body against my body and the warmth of his cock in my cunt. Get to his room he dropped the suitcase and we locked in a long deep pre-sex kiss. Quickly I pulled my cloth off as Mark did the same. 

Without closing the door we dropped onto his bed and he began to orally stimulate my wet and eager vagina. I thrust my hips up trying to drive his tongue deeper inside to get the fullest stimulation possible. As the first orgasm over took my body I pushed him always, slid down and took his fully erect cock into mouth. I wanted his cum and I wanted it in my mouth so I could savior the full taste of his love. I continued to move my head up and down his cock until I felt his cock start to stiffen and expand even more then it was. With my tongue, on the under side of his cock, I felt the first pulses of seamen moving up his erection as I locked my mouth in place to receive his load of life giving sperm. The jerking shots of cum hit the roof of my mouth and I swallowed my reward, allowing only a few drops to seep past my lips. As I rolled over to lay beside Mark I realized that the door was still open and that two of frat brothers had been standing there watching me suck Mark off with my ass sticking up at them. I smiled shyly when I saw the smiles on their faces and the obvious erections in the pants. Mark gestured for his friends to come in and close the door. 

When they were both in the room Mark introduced me to Joe, whom I had danced with on my first visit, and Bob; while I lay there naked and still aroused from my resent encounter with Mark, with the last of his fresh semen in my mouth. I didn't make any efforts to cover myself, since they had both just witnessed me sucking Mark off with my ass staring them in the face. All I could do was smile at the obvious effect I had on them since their erections were pressing against their pants. My pulse quickened with the anticipation as I realized what was in store for me. To break the tension I ask them if they would like joint us, as I winked at Mark and told him that three is always better then one. It didn't take a second request; both Joe and Bob had their cloth off in no time. For the first time in my life I now had three sets of hands working their way over my body. The experience was exhilarating; ripples of chills surged through my body as their hands caressed my breasts, butt and stomach and fingered my cunt. Within a short time I had two mouths milking my breasts and third lapping at my labia as the first of my orgasms convulsed through my body and I realized I was in for a major thrill. 

Joe, who had his tongue deep inside my vagina turned himself around so his cock was brushing against my cheek! Slowly I turned my month and pulled him erect cock in as I flicked the slit at the tip with my tongue. I was ready and anxious to have three cocks satisfy my needs meet for the first time every. Without any hesitation Bob lay on the bed and I impaled my vagina on his towering erection. Joe moved in behind me and I felt his cock pressing it's way into my waiting anal opening. Not wanting to be left out Mark stood up and pushed his once again erect penis into my open mouth. For the first time I now had all three major openings in my body filled with young energetic sperm fill cocks and I knew from the very first movements I was going to enjoy their attention. With out any hesitation each of the males started slowly pumping their bodily extensions in out of my body. Within a minute the first of an uncountable number of orgasms raced through my body. I was being fulfilled beyond my wildest dreams and wanted this to continue forever. 

Bob was the first to come and inject his load of semen into my convulsing vagina. With that I collapsed into a state of complete and total sexual bliss. Seconds later Joe deposited his sperm deep inside my ass as Mark came in my mouth. For the next several minutes we remained completely motionless as I enjoyed the residual orgasmic muscle contraction rippling through my abdomen. Then slowly each of my lovers started to withdraw their now semi-erect cock for me. I rolled onto my back reached down and felt warm flow of fluids from my cunt and ass. This was the wildest and most stimulating experience that I ever had. It wasn't until we were lying there that I found out the Bob was the one dating my daughters. 

For the rest of the evening I had sex with my newfound lovers. Each of them took their turn fucking me in front of their buddies and depositing their sperm deep within my womb. After they were finished I asked Bob, my daughters lover, to help me clean up in the shower so we could get to know each other a little better. Then I went back to Mark's room and quickly fell asleep wrapping Mark in my arms. All I could dream about was the Friday and Saturday night parties coming up.