 Shortly after Cindi and I first got married, we would on occasion talk about having a threesome or swapping with her best friend and her boyfriend. I will admit that I sometimes brought the idea up, but Cindi also raised the subject too. One of the things Cindi pointed out to me one time when she raised the subject was that it would be easier for one woman to satisfy two men than it would be for one man to satisfy two women. (If you don't know by now, Cindi is not bi or bi-curious, so having her doing anything with another woman, or having another woman doing anything with Cindi was out of the question.) 

Several weeks later, after a long day of lovemaking and hardcore fucking, Cindi brought the subject of a threesome up again, so I asked her if she really wanted to have one. She looked at me and asked me if I wanted it. I told her that I wanted to know what she wanted, so she told me that she wouldn't mind having one. At that point I asked her who she would like to have the threesome with. 

 After a few minutes, she asked what I thought about asking my best buddy, Jay, to join us. I thought about it and told her that I thought that Jay may get a little freaked about it if I asked him outright, so we would have to go about it in a roundabout way. 

Cindi thought about it for a while then started pitching an idea to me. She said we could start with her asking for a massage and while I was massaging her, she would have to remove she clothes, one piece at a time and let things go naturally. While she was telling me her idea, she started stroking my cock which, along with her talking about the threesome, helped me to get hard again. I asked her what we would do if either one of us decided we didn't really want it. She told me we could make up some kind of verbal signal if we wanted to back out of it. As she was telling me this, she climbed on top of me and took my hard cock into her pussy and began to slowly ride my cock, which she knew drove me crazy. I was enjoying Cindi slowly fucking herself on my cock and playing with her ample tits, sucking the hard nipples while we finished coming up with the plan for our first threesome. 

When the plan was complete, she looked me in the eyes and told me to fuck her hard and fast. I got her on her hands and knees and pounded her pussy doggy-style until we came together and fell to the mattress exhausted.

Now let me tell you a bit about Jay. He was about the same height and build as me, but he was blonde. I had known Jay for over a year and we were really good friends. I was the one who Jay always told whether he had gotten laid or not, or when he hadn't gotten laid in quite a while and really needed to get laid.

A couple of months had passed since Cindi and I had come up with the plan and I was beginning to wonder if Cindi really planned on going through with it or if it was just pillow talk to get each other excited, but I let it go without asking about it. Then one day, Cindi had been drinking a bit and she asked if I felt like going to find Jay and bring him out to the house, so I said fine and headed to the barracks looking 

for Jay. 

When I got there, I was told he was out in town at one of the bars, so I went to the bar and picked him out and took him to my house. He was almost at the point of getting sloppy drunk, but I didn't worry about that. When we arrived at the house, the three of us talked and joked for a while and everything was cool. At one point, Cindi got up, went into the bedroom and came back out a few minutes later, and I instantly noticed she had removed her bra because her nipples were poking out, but I didn't really think anything of it yet. A few minutes later, Cindi stretched out on the couch on her stomach and put her feet on Jay's lap, but he wasn't giving it any thought at all. We continued talking and Cindi asked me to make her a 

good STIFF drink, putting emphasis on the word stiff. Again, I didn't think anything of it, so I made her a drink and gave it to her. 

When she finished the drink, she said that her back was hurting a bit and asked me if I would mind massaging her back. At this point, I had Jay move to my chair as Cindi could stretch out better and I could massage her back. When I started, Cindi told me to massage under her shirt, so I slid my hands under her shirt and went back to work trying to ease the tension in her back. I was still clueless of her intentions. As I worked my magic, Cindi asked me to massage higher up her back, which of course I did. 

As I worked my hands higher and higher, her shirt slid up, or at some points, had to be pulled up her body. Then she asked me to go get the massage oil to allow her to enjoy it more. 

I returned with a bottle of massage oil and a large towel for her to lie on so the oil wouldn't stain the couch. Soon her shirt was barely covering her large breasts and she asked me to massage her shoulders and neck. Now, it had struck me what was happening and where she was going with all this. I told her that she would have to remove her shirt in order for me to do as she asked. She looked over at Jay and asked if he would mind if she took her shirt off to allow me to continue massaging her. Jay said "No", so Cindi stood up, which really wasn't totally necessary, but allowed Jay a great view of her large tits and hard nipples. 

When Cindi laid back down, I worked her shoulders and neck just like she asked, until she 

directed me to work my way back down to her lower back. When I got down to the waistband of her pants, she told me to continue even lower, so I scooted her jeans down as far as I could. Cindi turned her head to look at me and asked if I would mind massaging her legs also. By the look in her eyes, I could tell she was soaking wet and ready for a good hard fucking from two cocks, so I took her cue and stated that she would have to remove her pants for a good leg massage. She turned back to Jay and asked again if he minded. 

Jay hesitated a moment but finally said "No". So Cindi jumped up off the couch, giving Jay another great look at her tits and dropped her jeans. Jay and I were both surprised to find out that she wasn't wearing any panties and she had shaved her pussy clean. After a slight delay, she resumed her position on the 

couch, but as I began working on her legs, I told her there wasn't enough room on the couch to get to the legs well, and recommended she move to the floor. 

She stood back up and I put the towel down on the floor for her and she grabbed a couple of pillows from the bedroom and when she laid down, she arranged herself with her feet pointing directly at Jay. At first I didn't understand why she did it, but as I started massaging her legs down towards her feet, I realized she positioned herself so that as she spread her legs to give me access to them, Jay would get a look up her legs to her wet pussy. I have to give credit to my wife for thinking this through very carefully. As I worked my way up her legs, she spread them more and more. She also started moaning softly the closer I got to the center of her heat.

Without looking, I could tell that Jay was staring at her pussy and getting very turned on. I worked my way up to her thighs and her moaning was getting louder. When I got to her mid thigh, I noticed her stomach, and in turn her pussy, was rising up off the floor, and I could see her juices running down her slit. 

I was kind of shocked when Cindi asked Jay to sit on the floor by her head and talk to her when we both knew that he really wanted to look at her pussy, but I didn't raise any objection. Jay, being a guest, did what was asked of him. When he sat near her face, she asked him if he had any problems with 

anything. I could tell me had a hard time answering, but I paid no mind to it, I just kept on massaging Cindi, working my way up to her ass. As I massaged her ass, her moans got really loud, letting me know just how turned on she was, and she was raising her ass so high up that she was almost on her hands and knees. I told this opportunity to run a finger down the crack of her ass to play with her crinkled rosebud from time 

to time. 

I knew it was going to be a really wild night when I felt her push her ass back against my finger to increase the pressure on it. I decided to go for broke and slowly worked my finger up inside her tight asshole and move it around. Cindi allowed me to have my fun for a few minutes before she moved forward until she dislodged my finger from her ass. Cindi looked up at Jay and asked if it was ok for her to roll over. Jay said nothing but Cindi just rolled over and invited Jay to massage her chest while I worked her legs.

Jay's hands instantly went to Cindi's tits, grabbing and mauling them, so I told Jay to be gentle with them, and told him that she really enjoyed having her nipples pinched, pulled and tweaked gently. Jay took my direction and began giving Cindi all the nipple play she could handle. Within seconds, Cindi had moved her hand to rub Jay's cock through his jeans, but that didn't last long. Cindi wasn't satisfied with 

rubbing Jay's cock through his pants for very long, so she unzipped his pants, pulled them down and took his cock into her hand so she could stroke the full length of his shaft. I decided it was time for me to enjoy myself too, so I crawled between Cindi's legs and started to lap up all the juices flowing out of her pussy. I 

kept my eyes locked on the action taking place in front of me as I licked her tasty pussy, darting my tongue inside from time to time. 

I damn near came when I watched Cindi take Jay's cock into her mouth and pulled him deep into her mouth. She even put one of her hands on his ass to get more of his cock into her hungry mouth. Within minutes, Cindi had her first orgasm from me licking her pussy and tongue-fucking it. I gave Cindi a couple of minutes to recover, even though she was still sucking Jay's cock, before I started licking her clit, which brought her to another climax within minutes. Cindi knew what was going to cum next because she 

spread her legs even wider to allow me to slide a finger inside her pussy so I could rub her G-spot. When I heard Cindi moaning wildly around Jay's cock, I wrapped my tongue around Cindi's clit like a straw and began to suckle it, which I knew would bring Cindi to an intense orgasm. When that intense orgasm hit her, Jay's cock fell out of Cindi's mouth. 

I had moved between Cindi's legs so I could slide my cock deep into her pussy, but Cindi suggested that Jay and I switch positions before I could get my cock into her. Jay and I quickly switched places and I willingly feed my cock into Cindi's greedy mouth and played with her nipples as I watched Jay go down on my wife. Soon I felt the familiar boiling in my balls, indicating that I was close to cumming, but I 

didn't want to cum just yet, so I pulled my cock out of Cindi's mouth and moved so she could lick and suck on my balls, which I really enjoy. I took the time to savor the scene playing out in front of me, barely able to believe it was really happening, but relishing it all the same. 

I guess Jay didn't have the oral talents that I have, because after only a few minutes, Cindi was asking if we would switch positions again, telling me she really wanted to feel my cock inside of her. Once I was between her legs, I waited until I saw her take Jay's cock back into her mouth, then I rubbed the head of my cock up and down the length of her slit, getting it nice and wet before sinking it down into the hot wet hole I love so much. Once I was fully impaled inside her, I held myself there, letting the wet velvety feeling bathing my cock while her muscles rippled along the shaft. It was only when I felt Cindi rocking her hips that I started the old familiar in and out motion we both craved. I had been pumping in and out for a few 

minutes when I decided to get a closer look at my wife sucking on my best friend's cock. I leaned down, close to her ear and told her that I loved watching her suck another man's cock, and then I kissed her on the neck. As I kissed her, I could feel the muscles in her neck tensing and relaxing as she worked the shaft in her mouth. Then I lowered my head to her breasts and took a hard nipple between my lips and suckled it lovingly. 

After many long minutes of plowing in and out of Cindi's wonderful pussy, Jay spoke up for the first time, saying he wanted to feel what Cindi's pussy felt like. Reluctantly, I released the nipple in my mouth and slowly withdrew my rock hard pole from the heavenly sheath it was in, making way for Jay. I moved up to play with Cindi's nipples and was quite pleasantly surprised when Cindi grabbed my ball sac 

and guided me into her mouth. I have known that Cindi does not like the taste of her own juices almost as long as I have known Cindi, but I was smart enough to keep my mouth shut and enjoy it for all it was worth. 

Unfortunately, this rare pleasure didn't last nearly long enough. Cindi took her mouth off my cock and asked me to get a condom for Jay, stating that she didn't want to have to worry about "accidents". I quickly got up and headed for the bedroom, understanding the importance of the matter. When I returned to the living room, Cindi once again had Jay's cock in her mouth, which meant for the second time in one night 

Cindi was licking and sucking her own juices off a man's hardened meat. I handed the condom to Jay and told him to put it on before he enters her pussy again.

Looking down at my wife, an idea popped into my mind that Cindi and I had never discussed 

when we were planning, but since boundaries were being crossed without thought, I threw caution to the wind and sat down on the couch and asked Cindi to come join me. She got up off the floor and was going to sit beside me until I pulled her right in front of me and told her to turn around. She instantly got the idea, even though it was not exactly what I was thinking. Cindi gripped my throbbing member and guided it into 

her waiting pussy, and commenced riding me. I called Jay over, checked to make sure he was still hard, and then told him to put the condom on, since he was still hard. I grabbed Cindi's hips and stopped her and raised her hips until my cock was out of her pussy, then I grabbed my cock and moved it back and inch or so. When Cindi felt the hard head touching her asshole, she shivered, but did not make any effort to stop me. Slowly Cindi lowered her weight down until the head of my cock entered her tightest hole. I 

reached around her to gently rub her clit while she continued lowering herself until her full weight was on me and my shaft was fully inside her asshole. I moved my hand down from Cindi's clit to part her pussy lips and invited Jay to enter her there.

We ran into a little problem then, because with Cindi on my lap, she pussy was too high for Jay to penetrate very well, so we grabbed the unused cushions off the couch and the pillows Cindi had brought out of the bedroom and stacked them in front of us, until Jay was at the right level to fuck Cindi's pussy. I remained still at first, allowing Cindi to get used to the feeling of having two hard cocks in her at the same time. I decided to play with her nipples in order to make this more enjoyable for Cindi. I was able to feel Jay going in and out of Cindi's pussy through the thin membrane that separated her holes, which I found to be a new and thrilling sensation. 

When my arousal got too intense, I grabbed Cindi's hips and raised her up just enough for me to slowly start sliding in and out. From the way Cindi was moaning, I thought she was finding this to be as exciting as I found it. I felt Cindi's muscles contract and release a few times during all this, leading me to believe she was having multiple orgasms. Then I felt Jay start to throb inside Cindi and I knew he was about to explode, so I thrust myself into her as deeply as I could and waited for Jay to finish cumming. 

When Jay pulled out, Cindi stood up, turned to me and whispered into my ear that her asshole was ready for a good hard pounding. Smiling like a fool, I asked her how she wanted it. She said she wanted it doggy-style, so I got off the couch and let her assume her position so that I could assume my position behind her. 

Cindi guided my cock back into her loosened asshole and told me she was ready. Holding her by the hips, I pounded her ass harder than I had ever done before. I was actually afraid I was going to hurt her, but she was thrusting her ass back onto my cock just as hard as I was thrusting into her. 

After all the action I had so far that night, I knew I wouldn't last long, but I wanted to enjoy it as long as possible. When I felt Cindi's sphincter muscles tighten around my shaft, I could not hold back any more and we came together. We stayed right there, panting and sweating until my cock softened and popped out of her ass. We looked at Jay and realized he was about to fall asleep, so we straightened up the living room and headed to bed.

Cindi and I were snuggling in bed, talking about how everything went when she told me she really thought Jay had been a virgin. I asked her why she thought that and she told me how he was too rough when he was eating her pussy and he fumbled around when he was trying to enter her pussy. She told me that she had to guide him into her pussy every time. She told me that she had an extremely intense anal orgasm at the very end. She went so far as to tell me that if I could get hard again, she wouldn't mind 

taking me in her ass again, right away. I decided to push my luck and said that if she took me into her mouth, I felt fairly confident I would get hard for her. Laughing, she told me that I was lucky that she sucked my cock after it had been inside her pussy, but I wasn't going to be lucky enough to have her suck my cock after it had been inside her ass. "Go wash up" she ordered.

When I came back, cock all clean, I found Cindi laying across the bed with her head hanging over the far edge. She had gotten her favorite toys out and placed them beside her. When I had reached the far edge of the bed, she took me in her mouth, and then started to use her toys on her pussy and clit. I looked up and realized she positioned herself so that I could watch the toys going in and out of her pussy in the dresser mirror. Cindi knew how much it turned me on to watch that and I was hard again within a minute. 

Then Cindi spit my cock out, gave my balls a quick suck then got back on her hands and knees, offering her ass to me. I noticed there was some of my cum still oozing out of her ass as I prepare to enter her ass again. When I was completely buried in her ass again, she told me to wait a minute. Cindi grabbed her vibrating eggs and slipped them inside her pussy and switched them on. The vibrations felt great against my cock and had her moaning like crazy. I gave her ass one nice spank then went to town fucking that ass for the second time in one night. Cindi came twice before I exploded deep inside her ass for the second time that night.

We fell asleep all snuggled up and fully satisfied, and I remember thinking that since things had gone so well, it would probably be something we would do again, hopefully soon.