 This story is fictional and written solely for the entertainment of Adult readers.

* * * * *

Cindy had just been accepted into a private club. It had been a very erotic night and she was looking forward to going to her first club party tonight. She had been told there would be an initiation of some sort but after last night she was ready to try anything. She planned to wear the same sexy outfit that she had worn last night only this time she planned on not wearing any panties to start with. She was getting hot again just thinking about it. While she was remembering last night, her hand slipped between her legs and she started to rub herself not even realizing she was doing it. Mmmm she was wet already. 

As she slid her finger inside her pussy her other hand was busy rubbing and pinching her nipples. She slid two fingers into her pussy and started to finger fuck herself a little faster, feeling her passion mounting as she started to bring herself closer to orgasm. She reached down and with her other hand teased and played with her clit and felt the first wave of her orgasm coming over her. She threw her head back moaned out loud as her passion peaked. Little did she know that it was the first of many climaxes to come this night.

Cindy took a taxi to the address that she had been given the night before. When she rang the door bell, the same man that had finger-fucked her at the bar the night before answered the door. He smiled and invited her into a small entryway. He explained to her that this night was her initiation into the club and that at anytime if she felt she wanted all she had to do was tell him and he would take her home. Cindy thanked him and told him she didn't think she would want to leave. He smiled at her and told her his name was Bob and that he was sure she would enjoy tonight. 

Bob then blindfolded her and led her through a door. Cindy couldn't see a thing but could tell they were entering a room with other people in it. Bob sat her in a chair and she heard him say, "Members this is Cindy and tonight she becomes one of us." She could hear and feel people moving close to her. She felt several pair of hands rubbing along her shoulders and neck. Several were feeling her breasts through her halter top and her nipples immediately started getting hard in response to their touch. She felt her top being removed and hands rubbing and pinching her bare nipples. A moan of pleasure escaped her mouth. She heard Bob say "Cindy please stand," she stood up and felt someone unzip and let her skirt fall to the floor. She heard several people quietly murmur their approval of her not wearing panties. Bob then explained to her that she would be placed on a table and that if she ever wanted them to stop all she had to do was say so. Cindy nodded her understanding. She was placed on the table lying on her back. Her legs were spread and she knew everyone could see her pussy. Someone started to suck on her nipples, Cindy moaned as the pleasure of what felt like a ladies mouth sucked each of her nipples making them hard and long. There was someone kissing along the insides of her thighs working their mouth up to her puffy passion swollen pussy lips. She could feel a climax building as they sucked her nipples and ran their tongue along her pussy lips. Then they stopped and she cried OH NO don't stop as she writhed around on the table. She felt someone pinch her nipple and she cried out but it felt wonderful. She next felt someone pulls up on her nipples and felt something cold touch them. She realized that they were putting some kind of clamp on each nipple. Then the clamps were tightened until she cried out. It hurt but it also felt wonderful and her pussy started to run with her juice. She felt someone move between her legs and press his hard cock at the opening of her pussy. "OH YES she said please put it in" 

She felt the hard cock slide into her pussy. It felt so good she started to moan, she felt the clamps on her nipples being tightened and couldn't believe how great it felt along with the hard cock stroking in and out of her pussy. Her passion started to peak nearing her climax when the man fucking her groaned and started to shoot his hot cum inside her. She cried out and had the best orgasm she had ever felt. She immediately felt another cock enter her pussy start fucking her pussy hard. Someone was climbing on the table and she soon realized that another woman was moving so she could lick her pussy. Cindy had never had sex with another woman but was to turned on to care and was soon licking and sucking on the woman's pussy. 

She had another trembling climax and soon felt the second man shoot his load into her pussy. The lady sitting on her face started to grind her pussy into Cindy's mouth and she could taste and feel the juices of the ladies pussy as she cum on Cindy's face. As the lady got off Cindy's face she felt another cock enter pussy. It felt huge and filled her completely. She didn't think she would be able to cum again but the big cock was building her toward another climax. She felt someone start to rub a hard cock along her lips. She used her tongue and licked around the head of the cock and along its shaft. She turned her head and took the cock into her mouth and heard the man groan as she sucked his cock into her mouth. 

She was sucking hard when the man fucking her drove all the way into her and tensed as his seed shot deep into her. She felt her fourth climax the night shoot over in waves of pleasure. As she shuddered with climax the cock in her mouth trembled and started to shoot its load of cum in her mouth.

She swallowed as fast as she could but some of his cum ran down her chin. She had never felt so good or so well fucked in all her life. Bob said Cindy initiation is over and he removed her blindfold. She looked around the room and there were at least 20 people there from ages of 19 to 50 and all were naked like herself. The men except for the 3 that had just cum in her all had big hard cocks and were stroking them and smiling at her. She knew her night was not over and knew this club was going to be better than any college sorority that could have ever joined.