 It had been a few months since Susie had let Paul be Nan's first lover. She and Paul were getting serious about theirs being a permanent relationship. More than just boyfriend and girlfriend. Paul had gotten a promotion and a raise at work. He had moved to a nicer apartment. It was a two bedroom, two bath, with a really nice sized living room. Susie had put her business degree to good use, working in the offices of one of the largest companies in town. She was now living with him.

Betsy had dumped her old boyfriend, because he simply couldn't keep up with her or keep her satisfied. But, she had met John. John was wonderful. Nice and polite in public... and naughty and sexual in private. They were getting along marvelously. She hadn't shared him with anyone yet, but was thinking about it.

Viki had met a guy who was sort of on the wild side. Bill was a biker. Not your outlaw type, but he rode fast, lived hard, and loved sex. Viki was always having to explain to people, that even though he was a bit wild, he was really good to her, and treated her like a lady. His being sort of wild, was part of why she liked him.

Nan had really come out of her shell. She had started going out more, talking freely to people she met, even to guys, and was feeling much more comfortable with her body. She had started dressing a little sexy, showing off her curves and some skin. When she first met Richard, she wasn't sure if he liked her for who she was, or just for her body. 

He certainly liked her body, and kept wanting her to show more skin, and dress not just sexy, but to the point of being provocative! He treated her like a princess, so she decided he really did like her for who she was, and that wanting her to dress sexy was just because he was proud that she was with him, and he wanted to show her off. It wasn't long until she moved in with him. They were very happy. She was even happy with the way he wanted her to dress. She certainly had the body for it!

Susie and Paul decided to have an old friends party. They had room now to have a party, and it seemed like everyone was sort of going their own way, and not seeing much of each other anymore. 

They of course had met John, Bill, and Richard a few times, when they would run into each other at the grocery store, the gas station, or the shopping center. They were happy that her three friends had found someone to be happy with. 

Their sex life hadn't slowed down between them, but it had been pretty much just the two of them. They sort of missed the wild group sex they had shared with her friends for those several months. They talked about what sort of old friends party they wanted to have. 

Paul asked, "Maybe we ought to send a little questionnaire to everyone, and see what they think would be fun."

Susie answered, "What kind of questions are you thinking of asking?"

He went on, "Oh, maybe what kind of music they might like to hear, what would they like to drink, what sort of food they might like, what sort of dress would be appropriate.... And would they like to maybe make it a free for all."

Susie smiled a big smile. "Do you think the girls might still want some of you? You know, I've only sampled you and Stuart. It might be fun, to try out my friends' choices of guys. Are you okay with that?"

He replied, "Sure. Why wouldn't I be. I'm not the jealous type, and I'm not worried that you might like someone else better than me. We are very comfortable with our relationship, and with each other. Besides, It'd be fun to get to play with your friends again!"

She said, "Let's see what sort of questionnaire/invitation we can come up with."

Paul got out some paper and a pencil. They sat down at the table and started working on it. Below is what they came up with.

Hi Friends!

We're planning an old friends party, and you are invited. It will be held at our new apartment. You all know where it is. The party will be a week from Saturday, so you have time to fill out the little questionnaire below, return it to us, and we can make all the final arrangements. Remember, we are all REALLY CLOSE FRIENDS!

Would you prefer rock & roll, county, or jazz music?

Would you prefer beer, wine, Vodka or Tequila to drink?

Would you prefer hamburgers, fried chicken, or pizza to eat?

Would you prefer to dress casual, or do you want a Nude party?

How far are you willing to share your partner? A little, somewhat, quite a bit, lots, totally?

Any suggestions?

Your friends, Paul & Susie

******

They sent one to Betsy, one to Viki, and one to Nan.

It was only a couple of days when Betsy stopped by Paul and Susie's apartment after work. She rang the bell.

Paul answered the door. "Hi, Betsy." He gave her a big hug and a really nice kiss. 

She kissed him right back. "What's this party you're planning?"

"Come on in. Susie, Betsy's here."

Susie came into the living room from the kitchen.

"Hi, Betsy, it's been a while since we've seen you. How ya been?"

Betsy stepped over to Susie and they shared a tight embrace and a soft kiss.

"I've been fine. Really busy with work and all."

"Oh, you mean work and John!" asked Susie.

"Well, yeah. I have to keep him happy. He sure makes me happy."

They all sat down on the couch.

Betsy asked, "So, what sort of party are you two planning?"

Paul answered, "We were just remembering some of the wild times we've all shared in the past, and wondered about getting everyone together, and having a free for all."

Susie added, "You know, not just a threesome or foursome, but a real free for all. Let everyone experience everyone. Take things as far as everyone is comfortable with. What do you think?"

Betsy thought about it for just a few seconds. "I think.... It'll be a blast! I'm sure John will be all for it. He's made a few comments about my... shall we say experience... and that maybe we should try some things."

Paul said, "That's great! We'll count you in. So, what are your answers on the questionnaire?"

She answered, "OH, that's easy. Rock & roll. Pizza and beer. Nude and everything goes!"

Susie stood up, walked over in front of Betsy, who stood up. They shared a really tight hug, a long, deep kiss, and each reached up to squeeze the others breast.

Paul stood up, and waited patiently for them to finish. When they separated, he stepped between them, put an arm around each one, grabbing a handful of tittie in each hand. He kissed Susie, and then Betsy. 

"This is going to be a good party. Sort of like the good old times, only better!"

Susie and Betsy agreed. They said good-bye, and Betsy left.

Later that evening, Viki called.

Paul answered the phone, "Hello."

"Hi, Paul! This is Viki."

"Well hi, Viki! You calling is a nice surprise."

"Surprise? I don't think so. Not with the invitation you just sent me."

"Oh, so that's why you're calling."

"You know it is. Now let me talk to Susie."

"Okay. Susie, Viki wants to talk to you." And he handed her the phone.

"Hey, girlfriend! What's up?"

"You know what's up. My anticipation level just went thru the roof when I read this invitation. A free for all, huh?"

"Sure. Why not?"

"Why not is right! Count us in. We had pizza for our first party, and beer for the girls only party. Those are fine with me. And nude sounds great, too! You know I'm game for anything. Let's party!"

"Okay, we'll see you and Bill a week from Saturday. Be here about 6:00. We want to have plenty of time for everyone to ENJOY... the party. And I'm not just talking about the eats and drinks!"

"You better not be! I have some wonderful memories, of you and Paul. I want to make some more. See ya then. Bye."

Susie said good-bye, and turned to Paul. "I think everyone likes your idea."

He answered, "Good. Good friends are supposed to enjoy each other."

A couple more days went by, and they hadn't heard from Nan. Then, on Saturday afternoon, she and Richard showed up.

"When Susie answered the door, Nan said, "I know. We're a week early."

"Come on in guys! We were wondering about you. Hi, Richard."

As they stepped in, Nan gave Susie a tight hug and a soft kiss. Richard gave Susie a nice hug and kiss.

Paul got up from watching TV, and shook Richard's hand, then gave Nan a really tight hug, and a long kiss.

"It's been too long, since we've seen you two! Sit down."

Nan and Richard sat down on the love seat, and Paul and Susie sat down on the couch.

Susie started, "I guess you got our invitation?"

Nan answered, "Yeah, that's why we stopped by. We wanted to know if the others are coming, and what they thought."

Susie went on, "Betsy and John are coming. They wanted rock & roll music, beer and pizza, and everyone nude. They're willing to share with no limits. Viki and Bill will be here, ready and more than willing to go with the flow. They said beer and pizza was fine with them."

"Richard spoke, "Then let's just make it unanimous. Rock & roll music, beer and pizza, no clothes... and no limits!"

Paul chimed in, "That sounds great. And, Nan, I'm glad you've finally relaxed, and are enjoying life. I love the way you dress for Richard. You're looking fine these days!"

"Well, I'm glad, too. And I owe it all to you and Susie. For showing me what life is all about."

"It was our pleasure. And I'll let you thank us next Saturday. I'm sure you can think of a way."

"Paul, you're still just as naughty as ever."

Susie added, "Yes, he is. And he better never change!"

Richard spoke, "You know, I've been really happy since I met Nan. And I never knew that she had such a wild past, or such wild friends, until that invitation came. I asked her what this free for all thing was all about, and she told me some wild tales. I'm really looking forward to seeing how REAL friends party!"

Susie spoke, "Richard, after we've eaten, and had a little to drink, Nan and I will see if we can educate you."

He answered, "Oh, please teach me. I'm ready to learn."

They visited a bit more, then Nan and Richard said they needed to go, but to count on them being here next Saturday, and having all night to spend. Then they left.

Paul and Susie were pleased that everyone was coming to their party, and that everyone was ready to relax, cut loose, and enjoy everyone else.

Paul and Susie made all the necessary arrangements for their party. They bought beer, some pretzels, sorted out some records, cleaned the house, and on Saturday afternoon, ordered three large pizzas, to be delivered at about 6:30. Everything was ready.  

About 5:00 they showered together, playing and teasing a little bit. They got out and dried off. 

Paul said, "I'm just going to put on a comfy pair of khaki shorts, and nothing else. No point in getting all dressed, if we're all going to get naked later."

Susie playfully scolded him, "You will do no such thing! You wanted a nude party, and that's how you're going to answer the door and greet all our guests!"

"Okay, but that means you're going to be nude, too!"

"Absolutely! Just a little make-up, and a bow in my hair."

Paul retorted, "Okay. If a guy delivers the pizza, you have to answer the door and pay him!" 

And if a girl delivers, you have to do it! Deal?"

"You're on!"

Viki and Bill were the first to arrive. Paul opened the front door.

"Hi! Welcome to the nude free for all." And stepped aside so they could come in.

Viki kissed him hello. "I guess we're overdressed. Where should we undress and put our clothes."

Susie walked up, "Hey, guys! Welcome."

Bill stepped over to her, held her by the shoulders while he looked her up and down, then pulled her in tight for a nice kiss.

He spoke, "Now I feel welcome!"

Paul said, "Here, let me show you to our guest room. You can undress in there. I've left some hangers out, so you can hang your clothes up and they won't get all wrinkled."

They walked down a short hallway to the guest room. Paul went back out to the kitchen, opened 4 beers, and came back to the living room, just as Viki and Bill were coming down the hall.

"Here, let me be a good host, and make sure my guests are well taken care of."

Viki teased, "I'll let you take care of me a little later. But, Susie is going to have to take care of Bill. He's not into guys."

"That's good, 'cause neither am I."

They had all just taken a seat when the doorbell rang. When Paul opened the door, he was greeted by Nan and Richard, and by Betsy and John. They had driven up at the same time.

He greeted them, "Hey, come on in and join the nude free for all!"

Betsy looked at him, "I seem to remember you answering the door like this once before. Do you always answer the door... naked?"

"No, only for special friends!"

He stepped aside as they all came in. He closed the door. Everyone said hi, and girls and guys shared hugs and kisses, girls and girls shared hugs and kisses, and guys and guys all just shook hands.

Paul said, "Come on down the hall, I've left some hangers out for you to hang your clothes up. No point getting them wrinkled or dirty."

The four new arrivals followed him down the hall to the guest room. He stood aside for them to go into the guest room, then went back to the living room. Susie was just coming out of the kitchen with 4 more bottles of beer.

In the guest room, there was no hesitation on anyone's part, about getting undressed. They all acted like it was what they did all the time. But, it was new for John and Richard. When John saw Nan, busty built Nan, his cock started to have a mind of it's own. It started to grow and point straight out in front of him. Nan glanced over and saw him. She walked directly over to him, wrapped her hand around his dick, shook her hand up and down a couple of times and said, "Nice to meet you. I hope we get to spend some time together, a little later."

The others all laughed as John blushed beet red. 

Betsy said, "See, John, I told you my friends were friendly, and that you'd have a good time at the party."

He swallowed hard, cleared his throat, and finally spoke, "Hi, Nan. I didn't expect things to get started this quickly, but I am looking forward to spending some time with all of Betsy's friends a bit later."

The four of them came out to the living room. John's erection had subsided some, but was still noticeable.

Susie seized the opportunity to tease him. "Hey, John, What happened in the bedroom?"

He blushed again, "I was really impressed with Nan's body, and couldn't help having a nice reaction to the lovely sight. She came over and took my cock in her hand, shook it a couple of times, and said hello. It was just being a gentleman, and stood up for a lady."

Everyone laughed. Yes, this was going to be a good party. Everyone was going to have fun.

They all sat down, some on the couch and love seat, one couple snuggled up in a big easy chair, and one couple sitting on a big, soft, fuzzy rug on the floor. They were all just talking, sipping on a beer and munching on pretzels. 

Shortly, the door bell rang. Paul got up, went to the door, and looked out the peep-hole. "Susie, it's for you!" He teased, and went back to his place on the love seat.

Susie boldly strode to the door, opened it wide, and said, "Hi! Please come in and just put the pizzas on the coffee table in front of the couch, while I get my purse."

The pizza delivery boy was a skinny little kid wearing glasses. About 18 years old, 5-6, and maybe 140 pounds. He very nervously walked to the table, trying not to look directly at anyone, and sat the three pizza boxes on the table. Susie walked right up to him, "What's the total?"

He stuttered and stammered the amount.

She handed him some money to just a little more than cover the bill, and asked him, "Would you rather have a money tip... or would you settle for a nice thank you kiss?"

He looked around the room, at all the naked people sitting there. Paul was the only one sitting alone, so he assumed he was partner to the girl paying the bill, and making the offer of a kiss.

Paul just smiled, "It's up to you?"

The poor delivery boy didn't know what to think, and certainly didn't know what to say. He was blushing bright red.

Susie reassured him, "It's okay. If you'd like a kiss just say so."

He stammered, "O --- Okay."

Susie took his face between her hands, pulled him to her, and planted a really sexy kiss, directly on his trembling lips. 

The other three girls looked at each other, and as if they all knew what the other was thinking, jumped up, and lined up around the young delivery boy.

When Susie ended her kiss, she pushed the boy back a half a step, and turned him around, right into Betsy. Betsy wrapped her arms around him tightly, pressing her breasts into his chest, and gave him a long, deep kiss. When she let him come up for air, she pushed him back a half a step, and turned him around.

Viki was taller than he was. He looked up at her, as she put one arm around his neck, pulled him in tight, gave him an open mouth kiss, pushing her tongue deep into his mouth, then withdrawing it and sucking his tongue into her mouth. The poor delivery boy was trembling all over. About halfway through the kiss, she grabbed his very obvious erection through his pants, and squeezed it a couple of times. She thought he was going to faint when his knees buckled. She let him go, pushed him back a half a step and turned him around, right into Nan.

Nan took his shaking hands, and placed each one directly on one of her double D's. She wrapped her arms around him, pressing her breasts firmly into his hands, with her pointed nipples poking his palms. She planted a really long kiss on his lips while she held him tightly to her. When she finished, she turned him around, and gave him a gentle push towards the front door, that Paul was holding open.

The dazed young delivery boy staggered out the door and down the walk to his car, with the tent in his trousers leading the way, wet spot and all. He got in, started it, and drove off down the street very slowly. He hadn't uttered a word, the whole time.

Paul closed the door, and turned back to the girls. They were all laughing and smiling. He said, "You girls just couldn't resist could you. Taking advantage of the poor little, delivery boy...." Then he added, "But, Damn, that had to be the biggest thrill of his young life!"

Everyone roared with laughter. They discussed what they thought the delivery boy was going to do.

Bill said, "He's got to go home and change his pants, before he can go back to work."

Richard spoke, "He'll have a tough time explaining what happened if his mom catches him."

John added, "He can't tell anyone at the Pizza Palace, no one would believe him."

The girls spoke in a chorus, "Yeah, but he'll be dreaming of us for a while!"

Then everyone settled down to enjoy the pizza and beer, plus some more pretzels. They finished off two of the pizzas, and decided to save the third one for a re-fuel snack later. 

Paul got serious for a minute. "Okay, I just want to be sure about what's going to happen later. Susie has told me that all the girls are on the pill. We're all good friends, we trust each other, and we're all healthy. Everyone okay with going au naturel, bareback, or what ever you want to call it?" Everyone agreed that under these conditions, having to use protection would be a pain in the ass. Bareback was fine!

Paul started the record player, having loaded it with mostly slow songs, to let everyone get comfortable with each other, snuggle dancing. He took Nan by the hand, she stood up, and they snuggled in tight to start the dancing. Richard was dancing with Viki, Bill was with Betsy, and John was with Susie. They snuggled, danced, and whispered to their partners for several songs.

Then Paul said, "Any time you get tired of dancing, feel free to move things to the love seat, the couch, or either bedroom." They all danced a couple more songs, no one wanting to be first and seem too anxious to move things along. 
