 "I want you to do me a big favor," she said to me at almost a whisper. We were having lunch in a café and if anyone was paying attention they might be able to hear us. "Oh?" I said, "And what would that be?" 

"Let me tell you in the car." The mischievous smile on her face told me it had to be something sexual. I could not wait to find out what was on her mind.

We were almost done and I asked the waitress for a check. Soon we were out the door and in the car. "Ok, I am all ears. What's on your mind?"

"Well..." She paused. She looked a little nervous. "It's ok, whatever it is, just ask. The worst I can do is, say no."

"Ok," She said, "Here goes." 

"I have this friend. She has never given a blow job before and I want to teach her how."

"Ok, so what's the problem?"

"I need to borrow your cock!"

"Oh," I stalled. This was an interesting development. "May I come along too?"

"But of course, silly!"

"Okay, what do you have in mind?"

"We are going to go over to her place and I will teach her how to suck your cock."

"Just like that?"

"Yes, just like that."

"Does she know we are coming?"

"Let me call her."

"You are just going to call her and tell her we are going to come over and she is going to learn to suck my cock?"

"We talked about it already. I told her I would ask you if you would help her out."

"Oh."

I was a little dumbfounded. I had no idea Cindy had been offering my penis up as a teaching tool.

"April? Cindy, he said he would." There was a pause. "Yes, Dan said he would help you learn." Another pause. "Yes I am serious, can we come over?" I was amazed at Cindy's forthrightness, but when she gets something in her head there is no stopping her, "Yes, Now!" she said. "Ok, we will be there in ten." She hung up.

I looked at her. "No foreplay?" I asked. "Oh, there will be lot's of that," she assured me.

She told me where to go and I put the car in gear. "Who is this girl?"

"A friend," she said cryptically. "Have you had sex with her?" I asked. "Not yet," she said, "Maybe today." She flashed me a wicked smile. "Oh, so that is your plan. You want to get her so horny she won't resist you," I accused. "Don't knock it, either way you and I are both going to get laid today and if she comes along for the ride so much the better."

I tried to concentrate on driving safely.

We entered the apartment complex and I parked the car. Cindy leaned toward me and gave me a hungry kiss and reached into my lap. "Oh, good," she said. "You are already nice and hard." Then she jumped out of the car.

I caught up with her at the front door of the building and she rang the bell. I noticed she had a little bag with her. The door buzzed. "What if we were just the pizza guy?" I asked. She giggled and led me up the stairs. April was standing at the open door at the top. She was very pretty. She had really short blonde hair and was wearing a white tee shirt with no bra and a pair of white short shorts. Her nipples were quite visible in their hardness. "Hi," she said nervously. I could tell she was excited.

We went into her living room. "April this is Dan," Cindy said. "He is as horny as you are." April blushed. I extended my hand and she took it and ventured a quick little kiss on my lips. "Let's get started," intoned Cindy. "Ok, Teach." I said.

Cindy started walking toward what must have been the bedroom and April, my hand still in hers, followed. When we entered April closed the door behind us. "Everybody get naked!" We obeyed. My erection was sticking up at a thirty five degree angle. Cindy was to my right and April was facing me on my left. "First you must caress it," said Cindy as she took April's left hand and guided the flat of her left palm to the front of my shaft and stroked her hand up and down it gently. April's hand was wet with my semen. I smiled down at here. "That feels good," I told her, getting into the idea of being a teaching aid. Cindy meanwhile had straddled my right leg and was subtly rubbing her pussy on it making the spot slick and wet. She was squeezing my ass with her left hand. I put my arm around her and cupped her ample right breast and rolled her nipple between my thumb and index finger. "Good," she cooed, "Now rub your pussy on him like I am." April looked over and got the idea and complied. In a moment I had her smaller but none the less firm and beautiful left breast in my other hand. Two very different and very attractive breasts were hardening quite nicely in my hands.

"Ok, Dan, lie down on the bed." Cindy commanded. I obeyed. "April, pay close attention." Cindy was on all fours on the bed. Her breasts hung very sweetly under her. She slipped her right palm under my balls and took the head of my penis gently between her left thumb and index finger. She had wet her lips with her tongue and turning her head sideways she put them at the base of my shaft just above my testicles and very slowly slid them up to base of my head the tip of her tongue teasing me all the way up. April was sitting on her haunches watching intently. She put her right hand on the bed and slowly rose up just enough so she could slide her left hand down between her legs and leaned forward a little. Cindy by this time was running her tongue around my head in a circular motion. Her saliva was mixing with my semen. She slowly started to take just a tiny bit of my head into her mouth keeping her mouth as small as she could. The feeling was amazing. It felt like the beginning probes into a wanting vagina. She did not suck at all; she just gently bobbed up and down letting a tiny bit more into her mouth every few strokes. My breathing was labored. She kept at it. My semen and her saliva built up and the ride got more and more juicy. She was taking more and more of me into her mouth. "I want to try!" pleaded April. 

Cindy reluctantly took one more downward plunge (it felt a lot like the first full thrust into her vagina) and then she very slowly backed her head up sucking hard all the way swallowing all the semen she had unleashed from my proud member. She gasped. Then she gave a little cough. "Ok, April. Your turn," she whispered. Cindy lay down on her left side and propped her head in her left hand. She raised her right leg and began to stroke her vulva.

April tentatively cupped my balls. "Do I have to do it exactly the way you did?" she asked. "No, of course not, just be gentle and strong," breathed Cindy. I was enjoying this immensely. April took another tack. "Tell me if I do something wrong," she pleaded. Then she ran the tip of her tongue up the left side of my shaft; swirled it around the head and kissed and licked down the other side. Then she kissed and licked my balls. "We've been practicing on dildos," Cindy responded to my questioning gaze. April was getting busy. Her lips were wet and making short soft strokes along the length of me slowly inching her way back up to my head. When she got there she paused and breathed a very hot breath on it and then enveloped it with her mouth. She did not move up and down, rather she flexed her tongue on it and ran it up and down and her mouth pulsated. God, it felt good. She slipped me out of her mouth and turned her head toward Cindy and said, "Help me, please." Cindy leaned into my cock and took command of the side opposite April. Their lips rode up and down in unison several times and then on an upstroke my penis slipped out of their grasp and their lips met in a wet kiss. They both giggled and went back to my penis. Cindy took hold of the base of my shaft with her right hand and this became part of the game. They would move up and down on me and then kiss and lick each other's tongues. I was very excited and Cindy knew it. "Let's make him come!" she cried. "Do you think we can?" "Oh, yes. Suck on his head while I lick his balls." "Ok," April said and immediately obeyed. Cindy did as promised but she also started to run her lips up and down my shaft again, alternating between it and my balls.

I was getting there and I thought I should warn April so I did. "Don't forget to suck hard when he comes, just as I told you. Swallow it all." Cindy said. With that latest bit of information I shot my load and April slid her lips down deep on my shaft and sucked as hard as she could. "Not so hard," I begged. She eased up a bit but continued to suck and I kept coming. I was soaked. I was happy. I was not drained.

"How was I?" April asked. "Absolutely amazing," I told her truthfully. "I thought so too," added Cindy. April blushed again. God, I love that.

"Who wants it next?" I asked. Cindy suggested April. "But nobody has ever done that to me before," she said. "Really?" I said. "No, this is my first time, she blushed even deeper." I looked at Cindy and then back to April.

"With anybody?"

"Yes."

"Are you willing?"

"I am so horny right now...yes. Yes I am willing."

I knew Cindy wanted in on this. 

"With both of us?"

April looked at Cindy and back at me. "Yes," she said breathlessly.

"Ok, lay down," I smiled. April lay down on her back. Her nipples were reaching for the ceiling. I was beginning to get hard again. Cindy looked down, "April, I think you need a shave first." "I do?" she said in alarm. "Don't worry, I brought all the equipment," Cindy smiled. She jumped off the bed and ran into the bathroom. In a flash she was back with two towels and a bowl of warm water. She then retrieved her bag from the pile of clothes on the floor. While she was doing this I looked down at April and noticed how swollen her lips were and how hard her nipples were. I looked at her and put my right hand above her left breast, "May I?" "Oh, please do!" she pleaded. I began stroking and squeezing her breast. Then I bent down and sucked on it. April reached over and grasped my newly hardening cock with her left hand.

"Ok, Dan, I am going to need you help," Cindy said softly. "Lift up her butt, for me." I pulled up on her hips very gently and reached behind and held her ass in my hands. Cindy slipped a towel under her. "Ok, you can let her down now." I laid her bottom down on the towel. She was quivering with excitement. Cindy handed me a can of shaving cream and poured some of the water in the bowl directly onto April's hairy vulva and massaged it in. April let out a little cry and her hips bucked under Cindy's attentions. "Ok, apply the shaving cream," she urged me. As I did April turned three shades of pink and let out a few random cries as her pussy lips tried desperately to find my fingers. When I was done Cindy turned on a lady Mach Three and expertly shaved April bald as I massaged April's right breast while trying my best to keep her still. No easy task. April came during this operation at least twice. Cindy took the second towel and wiped her clean and asked me to inspect her work. "Very nice," I told her, "Now, may I?" "By all means."

"Care to join me?" I asked. She smiled yes and we bent down together and kissed and licked an inner thigh each while working our way up to our newly naked goal. We kissed that special little space between thigh and lip before heading into the labia. April was coming again. We did not mind. Her moans turned into screams and subsided into moans in anticipation to the next buildup. Our tongues played hopscotch on her lips and hood and clitoris. They licked each other as well and Cindy slid her fingers up inside April and stroked madly. April came in a long ooze of ecstasy. "Ohhhh Ohhhhhh Ohhhhhhhhh OOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" April was, at least temporarily spent.

I was hard as a rock and Cindy was soaking wet, she had come too but wanted more. She willed me onto my back and sat on my chest moving her lips into mine. I lapped up her cum and then went to work. She slid back her hood with two fingers and offered me her clitoris. I teased the tip of it with my tongue and then slurped it like an all day sucker. I reached up and squeezed her breasts. They were hard soft and firm. How did they do that? I let the thought go but not her tits. She was moaning above me and her hips were thrusting into my face. "I want you inside me now!" She begged. Before I could react she was mounting me. Her slick vagina slid tightly around my shaft enveloping me. She bounced up and down fucking me ardently. My hands were on her hips helping her move. After a while, despite her passion I could tell it was becoming difficult for her. I slid her up and off of me and urged her to her knees and entered her from behind. Her beautiful ass smacked against my thighs as we thrust into one another. I reached around and grasped her breasts and then let our motion slip the tips over her nipples along the palms of my hands. She screamed and came in buckets spraying all over the sheets the moment she felt my hot jism spray deep inside her. Her spray went on and on and April reached over and caught some with her fingers and licked them clean. She had a lusty smile on her face. Cindy collapsed as did I on top of her. Her hips still bucked under me. I stayed inside her as long as I could. We were breathing as one and the afterglow was tremendous. We both faced April and we were all smiling. Finally my penis retracted on its own and I slipped over between Cindy and April. Cindy turned and curled into me and April put her head on my chest. "Wow! I want to try that!" 

"You will, my dear. After we take a nap you will fuck both of us." 

We drifted off to sleep.