 On one occasion, Cindy volunteered to model for an amateur photography club after reading a small ad in the local newspaper. She asked me if I minded and said she would like to pose for photos. I said I didn’t have a problem with it but said I would go along with her. On phoning the owner of the studio who was organising the shoot, he asked if she would be okay with glamour shots. Cindy laughed and said that was fine, asking him what he had in mind. He told her it would be fully clothed but wearing something she felt sexy in. She was secretly thrilled about the whole thing and I found it a turn on as well, that several men would be watching my wife posing for them. The date was booked for a week later and Cindy had her hair done prior to the event and spent ages that afternoon getting herself ready and putting on her make-up. 

On arrival, we knocked on the door and the owner of the studio, with whom Cindy had spoken with on the phone, met us. He was quite young with a tanned complexion and invited us in. There were about 4-5 guys there already and they all nodded and introduced themselves. Cindy said she would go and get ready and told the guys to get ready to start. The room where the photos were to be taken was nice and bright inside and quite roomy with a double bed with satin sheets on it. 

Cindy returned 10 mins later with her first outfit on. A tiny black PVC dress and cream stockings, with black PVC boots and gloves. She had brought a few different things so they could get loads of different shots. The guys all then started taking loads of shots of her in her sexy outfit, doing all the normal poses all over the bed on her hands and knees, pouting and licking her lips. They were getting really horny but were trying to ignore it and take the photos. 

Some had hard ons and Cindy could see them showing through their trousers. I knew she had spotted them and it only encouraged her!! Everybody had relaxed and Cindy got a bit bolder. She started to get her PVC gloved fingers and spread her pussy lips apart telling them to come closer. They moved forward and she lay back on the bed. She pulled her dress up a fraction and fingered herself slowly. Cindy asked Mike the organiser if he would like some hornier shots. They all agreed and Cindy told me to get undressed and started sucking my cock in front of them. They were really horny now and dying to have her and she knew it. They took loads of photos of us making love and licking each other. We were at it for about twenty five minutes, with Cindy making every effort to break them.

She was really turned on that the group were watching us but couldn’t touch. Eventually she relented and said to them they could stand a bit closer but not touch. She rubbed her hands over her pussy and smeared my pre-cum and her pussy juice over her body so it glistened wetly. I lay on top of her with her legs wrapped round me and I slowly fucked her, gripping her bum. 

The guys moved closer and she told them that they could, one at a time touch her. The first one came up and Cindy told him to squeeze her nipples. She smiled as he played with her tits, wanking slowly as he looked at her. I turned her over onto her hands and knees and entered her from behind, sliding into her slowly again. The man at the front was still touching her all over and she told him to come closer so she could suck him off. Cindy pulled on his prick and dropped her mouth over it. I was fucking her from behind and she had a stranger’s cock in her mouth, taking him all the way. The other guys had all pulled their pricks out and were really close now, masturbating over my sexy wife. Cindy gave in and told another to have a go. They were all touching her now and calling her a dirty tart, asking her how much she wanted to be fucked. I banged her from behind and held onto her hips as I thrusted into her. 

Cindy then begged me to let her have some fun with them and I said, 

”Okay, as you’ve been a good girl.” 

This was the moment she’d been waiting for and she pulled off me and told me to watch her enjoy herself and sit in the corner. Lying on her back, she beckoned them forward and they pawed her bum and pussy. She told one to enter her and he started fucking her frantically. He couldn’t hold back and came deep inside her. He pumped his seed into her and rolled off. They were no match for her, she ordered the next one to climb onto her and make love to her. He got on top of her and another one put his stiff cock in her open mouth and thrust in and out until he came over her face. The one inside her didn’t last much longer and shot his cum over her belly. She then told the other two to come over and fuck her. One entered her from behind and the other offered her his cock to suck whilst he played with her hanging tits. They were being really rough with her but I could see she was incredibly turned on. The two were almost about to come and she said,

”Swap round.” 

The two swapped round and I watched as they did my wife on her hands and knees. Pulling away from them Cindy got on to the floor and slowly teased them, pulling on their thick cocks slowly, licking one and then the other. I could see her take them deep in her warm mouth as they forced themselves down her throat. They were desperate to come but she kept on wanking them at the same time enjoying the power of what she was doing. After a minute of this, the men couldn’t hold back any longer and came all over her hair and face until it ran down her neck. The others who had come earlier, spurted again, emptying their straining balls over her bum and PVC boots. She then looked at me and told me to come closer. I walked over and gave her my stiff prick to suck. She took it deep into her mouth and made me shoot my load with her lips wrapped tightly round me, looking straight at me whilst she did it.