 This story is complete fiction, and meant strictly for adults.

My heart skipped a beat as I purchased the ticket. Cindy looked flushed and I could tell she was feeling the same way as me. The fat pimply man behind the counter could not stop ogling my girlfriend's tight body as we made the exchange. I knew what he was thinking: "how could a guy bring his own girlfriend into a place like THIS??"

The truth is that this was the ultimate culmination of Cindy's fantasy. Cindy was 37 years old, asian, 5" tall, petite & delicate, with small tits, long black hair, a tight round ass, and a shaven little pussy. Your typical tight asian package, she was delicate, pretty, and your average man's wet dream. But Cindy had a fantasy that was far from average: to be gangbanged and violated by as many men as possible in a filthy, seedy location. This run-down XXX porno movie theater would fit the bill. We had chatted about her fantasy for years – literally – and it only seemed to grow in intensity as time went by. I can't count the number of times we would watch a gang bang movie and I would suck her pussy while she stroked her clit and whimpered "I WANT THAT... I WANT THAT ... I WANT THAT!!" Her fantasy grew to the point where it could no longer be controlled: she simply had to experience it. She was obsessed, and there was simply no other way to deal with it other than to let her live it out in all its nasty detail. I have to admit that I was extremely hesitant. I did not like the idea of my sweet shy little girlfriend being with other men and allowing them to do the kinds of things to her she fantasized about. I tried over and over again to talk her out of it, but eventually I gave in and here we were. I could not believe I was actually about to let this happen to Cindy. But I knew there was no other way.

We walked into the theater. Our eyes adjusted to the dark. I was shocked to see how cavernous it was: it must have been large and prestigious in better days. Now it was used for the purposes of allowing strange men to come in, watch hardcore porn, and blow their loads onto the sticky floor. I took a quick sampling of the men: there were at least 100 guys in there, likely more, and their appearances weren't encouraging: the vast majority were ugly, bald, unshaven, pot-bellied, scruffy, tattoo'd, smelly types who looked more like ex-convicts than anything else. I simply could not believe Cindy wanted to have sex in a place like this, with men like these. I looked over at Cindy. Her eyes were wide, her face wearing an expression almost of shock, her cheeks flushed. This was exactly what she wanted.

I steered us towards an area that was sparsely populated. In my heart I hoped she would change her mind and back out. We sat down. The movie couldn't have been more appropriate: on the screen was a beautiful asian woman being gangfucked by about 20 guys, and they were really giving it to her. The guys must be unbelievably horny, I thought to myself as we watched her being power-fucked by 3 guys. Did Cindy know what she was letting herself in for? I quietly whispered in her ear that I was not comfortable with this and that we should go, but she just sat there transfixed by the movie.

It didn't take long: some slimy bastard noticed us sitting there and he stealthily approached, sitting down on the other side of Cindy. Her chest heaved with excitement, her little nipples poking through the light summer dress she wore. This was it: she was going to have sex with this disgusting guy, there was no question about it. His eyes sampled her firm sexy asian body. He could not believe his luck. I couldn't blame him. Cindy kept her eyes focused on the screen, practically hypnotized with lust and anticipation as the stranger pulled his pants and underwear clean off his body, completely exposing himself. I almost gagged as the rank smell of his private parts hit my nostrils. Cindy however didn't seem to mind in the least.

She finally took a look over to her right, straight at his 7" long cock. It glistened slightly in the reflected light, and I wondered exactly how long it had been since he washed his member? Cindy was transfixed as she stared at it. Her moment had finally come. Without breaking eye contact from his slimy rod, she slowly and deliberately lowered herself onto her knees on the ground. Her face approached her slimy object of affection, and I watched in horror as she gently kissed the nasty thing, from his wet tip to his base. She opened her delicate little lips and gently took the vile member into her mouth. She sucked it delicately, longingly, reveling in the moment she had waited for for so long. She was on her knees sucking some stranger's cock in a public XXX movie theater. She was living out her fantasy.

My fear rose to near-panic as I watched her do this. I couldn't believe she was actually going through with it! I felt my heart break a little as the man moaned, obviously loving the sucking treatment he was receiving from this asian bombshell. How could my Cindy do this? Could I ever forgive her for wanting this, for doing this? Well, maybe a blowjob wasn't so bad; if she could just suck this guy off, maybe that would be enough for her and we could get up and go home. With time, I'm sure I could forgive her for this transgression. My Cindy may be taking a stranger's cock into her mouth, but it's only a blowjob after all...

My thoughts were broken as the 2 guys sitting in front of us turned around and finally noticed her. I tried to give Cindy our "danger" signal – 2 coughs – that would indicate my desire to leave immediately. We had pre-selected this signal if I became uncomfortable at any time with what was happening, and I most definitely was uncomfortable. I wanted to get her out of there as quickly as possible. I waited for her to stop blowing the stranger and get up to leave. She gave no indication that she had even heard me. Her lips kept slowly bobbing lovingly up and down his shaft. It must be clean by now, I thought ruefully as I coughed twice again; anything that had been on his shaft had been eaten by Cindy.

The guys got up and walked silently to our row; one guy sat down next to the bastard receiving the blowjob, and the other actually pushed me out of my seat next to her. I sat down to my left, only 2 seats away from her and still very much with a front row view. The guy to my right actually sneered at me as he shucked his pants and underwear. He knew for sure that Cindy was my girlfriend – MY girlfriend – and that I was allowing this to happen. I felt a lump in my throat as I restrained an urge to punch him in the face and grab Cindy out of there, but I knew it was far too late for that. Besides, they would easily have overpowered me.

Cindy looked up briefly at the 2 men now sitting on either side of her, cocks out and very hard, watching her expectantly. Without missing a beat she reached up and grabbed each cock with a free hand and started gently jerking them, then returned to suckle the cock in her mouth. They smiled as she took their fat ugly members into her hands and began to pleasure them. She was theirs, and they were going to enjoy this. Cindy for her part was clearly enjoying what she was doing; her face was flushed, her chest heaving, he whole body seemed slightly swollen with excitement as she pleasured these bastards. She was in the zone. There was no going back.

The asshole to my right reached down and lifted up her dress. His scarred & ugly face lit up with delight at what he saw. What man wouldn't? She was wearing no panties, and her little bottom and shaven little asian cunny were easily visible in the reflected light. She was clearly excited and her pussy glistened wetly, her cum occasionally dripping from her swollen lips onto the sticky ground. At that moment another guy in the row ahead of us turned around and saw a vision of paradise: Cindy's ass. The bastard to my right noticed this and he yanked Cindy's asscheeks wide open in a rough and uncaring way; he pulled so hard in fact that it made her little rosebud asshole protrude in distress. Cindy didn't seem to mind; she just kept on sucking and jerking as her hind quarters were completely and utterly exposed to the strangers.

Silently the new man crept over. He looked about 50 years old and must have been some kind of derelict given the tattered and soiled state of his clothing. Once again I reeled at the stench as he removed his clothing and revealed an 8" long penis that probably had not been washed in about 6 months. He knelt down behind my Cindy, and I realized with complete horror that he was going to fuck her. I truly did not want this to happen, especially not with these bastards. I coughed twice again, not that it mattered. It was far too late. My mind was racing in my private torture; I watched sadly as the homeless man eased his fat rod into Cindy's overly-wet cunny. My heart broke as I heard her moan slightly, his rod now sliding easily into and out of her pussy. I was watching her being fucked. Not only fucked, but fucked bareback.

He rocked his smelly cock into her as she continued to suckle that penis. Its owner was now ready to cum, and she knew it. She pulled off his rod for a moment and in a small quite little voice, almost whispering, she said "cum on my face". They all heard it. He reached down and pumped his rod fast while she suckled his fat red cockhead. When he was about to cum he yanked her head off his cock and pushed her lower, into position. She looked up at him, deeply into his eyes with a lust I had never seen before as he reached his ultimate pleasure and ejaculated all over her face. It shot out in thick white ropes of cum, jetting up into her hair, her eyes, nose, cheeks, lips and tongue. She accepted it all without complaint. I noticed her pussy quiver around the cock she was being fucked by, and I knew in my heart of hearts that she was just loving this. He finally finished painting her face with his cum, and he milked his cock dry. She quietly watched him milk his cock, her face now plastered with his seed. He would slide his hand from the bottom of his cock to the tip, and as he did so any cum still in his shift would ooze out of his pee hole and appear as a big white glob on his cockhead. Anytime she saw this, she would delicately close her little mouth around his cockhead and eat the sperm. This must have happened 10 times. He didn't deserve Cindy, I thought...

He got up to leave. The guy to my right quickly took his place, and before I knew what was happening a guy from behind quickly and quietly climbed over the seat and took his seat. Cindy had 3 cocks again. He grabbed the back of her head and aggressively pulled her onto his cock, then started gleefully pistoning it in & out of her mouth. I thought he was being overly rough with her face, but she didn't seem to mind in the least as she docilely sucked while jerking the 2 cocks on either side of her. After a few minutes he pulled her off his cock and pushed her mouth onto his swollen, shaven balls. She gently licked them with her tongue and took them into her mouth, bathing them with her saliva so sweetly, as if she were kissing her lover...

Then the bastard did something that really shocked me: he pulled his legs way back and put his feet onto the armrests of the chair, pulling his asscheeks open and exposing his asshole to her. My eyes watered as the sour stench of his unclean hole hit me. This could not be happening. Surely he couldn't expect her to lick THAT, could he...?! Cindy stared transfixed at his slimy, smelly asshole. Her chest heaved, her nipples poking out harder than I had ever seen them. She was breaking my heart, but I knew in my gut that this is precisely what she wanted. The bastard slowly pushed her head down to his ass; Cindy stared at it longingly, hypnotized by it, breathing heavily. He pulled her face to him. Her lips touched his anal hole. He pulled her away slightly; a thin trail of slime connected her delicate little lips to his puckered vile anus. He pulled her into him again, making her lips kiss his dank hole. Smiling over at me, he rubbed her face all over his asshole; I watched as his slippery anus slid all over her lips, nose, and chin, bathing her entire face in his foul smell. She stuck her little tongue out and began lapping slowly and delicately at his filthy hole. She actually moaned softly as she lapped at his anus, a moan which broke my heart, a deep and quiet little moan that came from deep within her belly as she ate his hole. The bastard jerked himself as my precious Cindy quietly ate his ass with her once-pristine little mouth. I wanted to retch...

We were starting to be noticed by more of the patrons, and had gathered quite a crowd by that point. I'd say there were a good 15 to 20 guys sitting all around us with cocks out and jerking, loving the show Cindy was putting on for them. Pussyfucker had seen enough. He jammed his cock into her pelvis and grunted. I actually witnessed his balls contracting as he pumped his dirty ejaculate deep into my Cindy's womb. After 10 pumps he was exhausted. He pulled out and wiped his slimy cock all over her pussy lips and asshole. He farted, grinned a toothless grin over at me, and was gone.

He was quickly replaced by another equally disgusting character who plugged his cock into her pussy. The guy to my right who was being jerked off by Cindy reached down and, using the cum from the previous guy, eased his finger into her delicate little rosebud asshole, sliding it in and out and wiggling it around inside her. Another grabbed her dangling little titties and started groping and yanking them, occasionally cruelly twisting her nipples. Cindy's body was being used just the way she wanted. She french kissed the bastard's asshole as if she was trying to deep-throat kiss a lover, and when he came on her face she stared glassy-eyed into his, willingly accepting his heavy load. The guy on her left lost it and stood up, furiously jerking his cock and covering most of the left side of her face with his dirty white cum. She really was starting to look a mess now. For his part, the guy on her right also stood up and grabbed her by the back of her head and pulled her little cumsoaked face onto his cock, busting his nut down her throat. I watched as my precious little Cindy's throat quietly gulped down his sperm into her belly, staring up into his eyes as if eating his load would give her inner peace.

The new pussyfucker didn't last long as he witness my Cindy's cumbath. He pulled his cock out and used her asshole like a bullseye, splattering his oozing white cum all over her anus. It dripped down and coated her pussy thickly. Then he was gone. A new guy threw his coat on the floor and lay down on it, pulling Cindy on top of him. She started suckling one of 3 new cocks at her face as he penetrated her incredibly sloppy pussy. Another guy got behind her and put the tip of his cock at the entrance of her asshole. It was quite large – roughly 9" long and 3" wide, and I was certain she wouldn't be able to accommodate it. After all, she had had enough difficulty accepting one of my fingers on the rare occasion she let me stick my pinky up her asshole. He bore down on her, his pot belly almost pressing against her asscheeks, his considerable weight causing his fat ugly cockhead to press against her delicate little anal hole with incredible force. I watched her body shudder slightly as his cockhead suddenly penetrated her anal ring with a *pop*. If it caused her any discomfort, she didn't show it. She just kept sucking those cocks without missing a beat as he forced his nasty cock into her tiny little asshole.

I watched him pump her deeper and deeper, more and more of his slimy cock disappearing into her anus as he uncaringly rammed her ass. The 3 guys taking turns using her mouth were fucking her face like a pussy, roughly yanking her head up & down on their knobs. She didn't seem to mind. Others started slapping her dangling little tits really hard, so hard in fact that it was causing me some concern. Surely this MUST be hurting, as *SLAP* I watched their hands raining cruel blows onto her small tits, causing them to jiggle and shudder and turn red. If it was causing her any discomfort, I couldn't tell; she just kept on passively and quietly sucking their fat rods.

At one point they grabbed the back of her head and held her vice-like steady as all 3 forced as much of their fat cocks into her mouth at the same time. She just knelt there submissively allowing them to use her as they wished. Her mouth stretched to comical proportions, her cheeks bulging as they angrily forced their 3 cocks into mouth, hurling insults down at her and calling her a "useless cocksucking cuntwhore" and "ass-eating worthless fuckcunt". My anger rose to fevered pitch as I watched them using her so roughly and listened to their despicable insults, but Cindy seemed perfectly fine with everything. She was eventually rewarded with their cum as the 3 of them bust their nut all over her face and into her hair. She looked like a disgusting cumfaced whore, except I knew that under those layers of filthy cum was my precious Cindy.

3 new cocks at her face and she was busy again. Assfucker and pussyfucker violated her holes and quickly became overheated. I watched from inches away as assfucker plowed her, then held his cock deep inside her bowels and shot his wad. I cringed, imagining his cock inside her dirty bowels pressing up against who-knows-what, seeing in my mind's eye as his cockhead spat his sperm load deep inside my Cindy's bottom. Pussyfucker did the same to her womb. They didn't deserve her – NONE of these bums did – yet they were being allowed to use her any filthy way they wanted...

Her new face fuckers were grabbing and squeezing her poor little tits so hard, I feared they might actually burst. I was oddly thankful she never went in for those breast implants we had talked about a few years ago, as they surely would have ruptured under the treatment these guys were giving her. They would grab her tits by the base and squeeze them vise-like so that they stuck out in distress and turned a few shades of purple; then to add insult to injury, they slapped them. They seemed to enjoy this immensely, bringing them to climax. As always, Cindy had no problem with this treatment and (I thought ruefully) even seemed to be enjoying it in her quiet way. She obediently tilted her head back and stuck her tongue out as all 3 simultaneously exploded, adding their glutinous mess to her poor little face. Thick white blobs of sperm coated her from neck to forehead, with liberal doses of white genetic material all over her hair. She was my little asian cumwhore.

3 new cocks at her face, and I wondered when this would end? They continued to abuse her tits, slapping and squeezing them for their own perverted pleasure. Cindy let them do as they wanted without complaint. Occasionally one would grab her cumsoaked hair, yank her mouth off of his cock and tilt her face up to them, and 1 or all 3 of them would start spitting onto her face. As always Cindy just let them do it, obediently holding her mouth open for them and accepting their spit anywhere it landed without hesitation, almost as if she had been expecting this. They called her a "spit-eating assfucking worthless anal bitch cumwhore" and other such names. Occasionally they would make a real show of it, horking and grunting to loosen up some thick glob of snot from the back of their throats and then, while grinning slightly and making eye contact with me, taking careful aim and horking it directly into her mouth. Those bastards. They knew Cindy was mine, and were taunting me mercilessly. Cindy would stare up at them lovingly and always accept whatever came out of their mouths, be it insults, spit, or thick lugies. When they would hork and snort loudly and she knew they were working a really thick disgusting lugie out of the back of their vile throats, she would open her mouth wider and make sure those landed directly into her mouth, and then, never losing eye contact with them, she would make sure they saw her lovingly swallowing it down, time after time after time.
