 This is a fantasy, told in turns. We worked on it together, taking it in turns to write a section, without each of us discussing where the action would go but letting our fantasies dictate the turns of events. We've been to a cinema and fucked each other while others have watched, but nobody has yet tried to get involved...


He writes:

We agree to meet at our cinema. It is a work day, and I arrive first and go inside. My phone vibrates, and checking it I see a message that you are nearly there and will be arriving in a few minutes.

I pick a seat and settle in. I'm sitting on the right hand side of the theatre, far side from the door, in the 2nd row from the back. There are 3 guys in the back row, spread along it with a couple of seats between each of them. Towards the front is a couple, on the left about 3rd row from the front. All up there are 7 rows in the small theatre, with 10 seats in each.

There is a movie running, a scene under way with a girl on all fours, getting fucked by a dildo on a machine thrusting hard into her wet cunt while she has her mouth wrapped around the shaft of a guy's cock as he stands in front of her. She groans and writhes in exaggerated fashion.

As I sit I get a sense of what is happening around me. The guy in the back row in the middle is just sitting watching the film. He's in his 50's, in a suit and tie. The one almost directly behind me has his pants around his ankles and is wanking himself slowly. Younger, in a shirt, he seems engrossed in the film on screen. The one on the left appears to be rubbing himself through his pants, while the couple are leaning into each other but it is hard to make out what they are doing from behind.

I hear the electronic lock click, and brightness floods the room as the door opens. I look up excitedly, but realise it is a guy entering. He sits in the first seat he comes to, clearly nervous and a little embarrassed. I suspect it is his first time in this sort of cinema. He looks to be about 20, casually dressed.

The scene on the screen continues unchanged. The guy has his hands wrapped in the girl's hair and is thrusting into her mouth deep and fast. The machine continues relentlessly pounding her pussy and her breasts bounce and sway as she is thrown back and forth.

The door clicks again, and once more light floods the darkened room. I notice in the brightness the couple at the front now only has the man's head visible as the girl has sunk into his lap, but that's all I notice before the door swings shut and I recognise your silhouette in the shadows. You look across and see me before turning to the front of the cinema and walking all the way down. You turn, walking across the screen in front of the seats and I can see your bare legs below the bottom of the black jacket you are wearing. All too soon you are gone from being part of the show on screen, and you reach the far side of the cinema and make your way up the aisle.

I'm surprised when you stop at the 2nd row. You unbutton your jacket and slip it off your shoulders, letting it fall into your hands and drape it across the back of the front row corner seat. I feel every eye in the room shift attention as you are revealed. You are wearing a tight, black dress with narrow straps over your shoulders that ends just past the curve of your ass. You sidestep into the 2nd row of seats, facing the screen, and sit.

You appear to immediately take interest in the film, paying no attention to me or the rest of the room. My cock is hard to the point of painful as I wonder just what you have planned here, but settle back to let you play it out. You relax in your seat, your head resting back, and after a couple of minutes I see your left foot lift and plant itself on the seat in front and to the left of you. Your other foot lands on the corner front seat, and I'm desperate to know what you are up to...

She writes:

The noisy fan in the corner of the room is on and I welcome its cooling breeze between my legs. It's good to have finally arrived and I'm feeling particularly sexy in my tight black dress. I'm trying to concentrate on the couple enjoying themselves on screen, but all I can really think about is how wet my pussy is and how I long to touch myself, to release some of the anticipation that has built up.

I've noticed that the guy near the front is looking over at me. He's clearly enjoying the head job he is receiving but all the while doing his best to get a look up my dress. I'm sure he must know I'm not wearing any underwear and that thought turns me on. I spread my legs open a little further as a teaser and now, having met his gaze, run my fingers down from my breasts until I finally reach my tingling pussy. It feels so good to finally feel my wetness and I let out a little whimper which seems to attract the attention of his friend. She looks up at him and follows his gaze over to me.

Now that I have the attention of them both I slide a couple of fingers deep inside and then really let out a moan of ecstasy. It seems to take the guy only seconds to grab his girlfriend by the hand and they hurriedly make their way over to me, clambering over the seat to my row. She drops immediately to her knees and positions herself between my legs and then guides my hand from my pussy to her man's ample erection.

As I take his cock with my left hand I feel her tongue where my fingers had just been. I pump him hard and fast as she feverishly works on exploring every inch of my cunt. I suddenly feel quite restricted in my dress and suggest my new friends could help me out of it. I sit up so he can reach the zip in the back of the dress, and I take the opportunity to see what you are up to, hoping that the show I am putting on for you is turning you on as much as it is me.

I glimpse you out of the corner of my eye just as my breasts are set free. His mouth wraps itself around my left nipple while her tongue has returned to my eager pussy and I feel my body writhing as the pleasure I am feeling heightens. His fingers have now also joined her tongue and I close my eyes to fully enjoy every sensation. As they continue to play with me, tongue, fingers and his mouth seemingly everywhere, I notice my other nipple is now being licked by yet another tongue....

He writes:

It is the guy from behind me in the back row. He watched as you enticed the couple to join you, and then stood and walked down the aisle, his cock still protruding from his pants. He knelt in the aisle and latched on to your right breast as you reclined back into the seat, throwing your head back now, savouring the sensation of 3 mouths tasting and teasing you. I sit and watch, enjoying the show you are putting on and enjoying how much others are enjoying you as well.

I see the guy who walked in just before you stand and edge down the row until he is just behind you, almost blocking my view. His shyness seems to hold him back a little, but he still stands and stares down at you while fumbling his zip down and pulling out his cock. I imagine what he must be seeing, looking over your shoulder at the 2 men nibbling and biting at your nipples and the face of the girl as her tongue searches and explores inside you.

Your head rolls from side to side, eyes closed, and the young guy moves slightly forward so that the next time you throw your face to the left your cheek brushes the head of his cock. Your eyes open and I can see the light from the screen reflected in them as you stare at the hard head of this stranger's meat inches from your face. Your tongue darts out and you lick a bit of fluid oozing from the tip. Emboldened, he presses forward and your mouth opens wide and accepts him in. He grasps at the seat to hold himself steady as he slowly starts to fuck at your mouth.

You barely notice the mouth come off your right breast as the guy in the aisle stands and presents himself at your right shoulder. You feel his hardness on your bare skin and almost instinctively reach up and encircle his member with your thumb and forefinger. Your left hand has grabbed hold of the guy whose cock you are sucking and you withdraw your mouth, turn, and hungrily swallow the other one. You swap back and forth sucking at the cocks over each shoulder, enjoying the heat of their flesh, savouring the different tastes and sizes in your mouth.

You become aware that the guy from the couple is now standing as well and his cock is right in front of you. You lean your head forward and take him in your mouth as well, hands still pumping at each of the other two, knowing you have full control of three guys now, each jealous of the other for every moment your mouth is on anyone but themselves, and each desperate for your head to turn their way once again.

The girl has stood and is now stripping off completely in front of you, resting her ass on the front row seat back she lifts a leg onto your chair between your own, and starts fingering herself, swirling her fingers over her clit and plunging them two at a time inside her cunt. I have the perfect view of her performance over your shoulder, but every time you turn to suck the shy guy's cock I lose sight and can only see his rod disappearing into your oh so talented mouth. You turn your head from her partner's cock as she presents her glistening fingers and suck on them like they were yet another hard cock, this one tasting of her excitement, before turning again to the right and pulling the real thing back into your hungry mouth...

She writes:

I notice that one of the guys has decided to take his chances with the girl as I continue to suck eagerly on her man's cock. It's the shy guy who has climbed over two rows, but he seems to be feeling very bold now as she returns his affections. She encourages him to make good use of his hard cock and is now laid out along the top of the seats, enjoying being fucked by another in front of her man.

Not to be outdone, he removes his cock from my mouth and falls to his knees in front of me. I plant my feet on his shoulders and plunges himself deep into my wet cunt and starts to pump me hard and fast. The third guy quickly moves in to have my mouth exclusively working on him and both guys seem to find themselves in the same rhythm, both plunging their cocks inside me at the same time.

I can feel that they are both about to climax and suddenly they are both squirting their loads over me. Some dribbles down my chin and onto my breasts from one, the other guy withdrawing from me and mixing his cum in with the first guy's load as it runs onto my chest. The sight of this sends shy guy over the top and as he reaches his climax he shoots his load up the length of her body, then moves over to me to let me lick his cock clean...

He writes:

You suck and lick all up and down his softening cock, tasting his cum mixed with her pussy juices while you can feel the rivulets of cum running off your face and down your breasts. I'm vaguely aware of the door opening and closing again, but all eyes are on your little party. The guy in the aisle is putting himself away and making his way up the rows towards the door at the back.

The girl's partner is still kneeling on the floor between your legs, gazing down at your body and wondering at his luck. She is still lying across the chair tops rubbing shy guys cum into her tits. She reaches down with one glistening hand and offers her finger to her man, and he takes it in his mouth and licks it clean, tasting the cum of the man who just fucked his girl. Shy guy has retreated back into the row behind and is seated, head hanging as he gets his breath back and tries to calm his nerves.

Movement on the left draws my attention and I see the 2 guys from the back row walking down that aisle together to the front. As I watch them move past my row I notice there's a new arrival - a man in work clothes - chambray work shirt, dark pants and boots, who hasn't even sat down from when he came in as he was still taking in the scene before him.

You stand and edge out into the aisle and walk to the front. Your hair flies in the breeze from the fan and I just know you are feeling the cold as it blows across the cum all over your face and chest. You turn your back on the screen and bend over at the waist, your mouth seeking out the cum-covered nipples of the girl who is still laying there on the seat tops. You set about licking and nibbling them, feeling them stiffen and expand in your mouth, as your hands roam across her body, playing across her trimmed bush and your fingers find the wetness below.

She moves in rhythm to your movements, your fingers sliding easily inside her and your thumbs rubbing across her clitoris. All the while you move from nipple to nipple, removing every trace of cum, and up her neck to her face and finally your tongues meet and dance.

You feel hands on your hips and without warning the head of a cock presses against you and forces its way inside. You gasp to feel it, but press back with your hips to draw him in and encourage him. His hands tighten at the fold of your legs and he pulls you back as he thrusts his cock forwards. The girl beneath you kisses you passionately, clearly nearing orgasm from your fingers. You struggle to pay attention to her kisses as the cock penetrates you, and she moves onto your ears and neck, little kisses becoming nibbles and bites. She pulls you forward until your hanging tits are over her mouth and her teeth find their way to your hard nipples.

Under your fingers at her cunt, you feel the head of a cock and rolling your head to the side notice the second guy has stripped and is positioned on the chairs between her legs. You reach out and grab hold of his cock and guide him into her wet hole. He needs no encouragement and is soon fucking her hard and deep.

Looking up you see me, still in my seat, and our eyes meet. You jolt as the man behind you thrusts his cock deeper and deeper, while your fingers work on the girls clit and she starts to groan and scream around your nipple as she cums. The guy behind you is speeding up his thrusts and you know he is about to blow his load as well. You pull forward off him and spin around, reach down to your breasts and offer them up to him. He pumps his cock a few times and lets out a low growl as semen shoots from his cock and hits your neck and tits. Behind you you hear the other guy cumming and feel a string of it strike the side of your ass.

You sink to the seat beneath you and recline into it, out of breath and gasping. Your chest is shining in the light of the screen and the air is cold as the fan blows across you. The man in front of you moves off and the girl on the chair back above your head drops her hand into your lap and traces her fingers through the shining cum there. You stand, take her by the hand and draw her to her feet as well.

Together, you walk up the aisle to where I am sitting, now naked. I watch you come towards me, both of your bodies gleaming with mixed sweat and semen. You edge into my seat and straddle my hips on your knees. I reach down and guide my cock into your wet pussy and you lean backwards onto the chairs in front of us. The girl swings her leg over my chest and faces you, standing on the seats either side of me. Her cunt is right in front of your face and she grabs the back of your head and presses herself to your mouth.

Her wetness floods your tongue as my cock seems to tear you apart as I thrust myself into you. You can see out of the corner of your eye the last arrival in the suit standing in the row behind us, his pants now gone and his large hard cock in his hand as he watches the 3 of us from 2 seats away. You can feel your face pressing into the cum left on the belly of this girl and your skin is slick with it as she grinds herself onto your mouth...

She writes:

Again I am finding it difficult to concentrate on pleasuring this girl while your cock is working its magic on me. As sweet to taste as she is, I want to taste your juices, so I ease myself off your hardness and kneel down before you. You continue your thrusting motion but this time into my mouth, enjoying both my tongue on your cock and the second girl grinding her wet pussy over your chest. I slip my fingers inside her whilst she does this & she lets out a gentle moan. She can see how hard you are each time your cock slips out of my mouth & she reaches down with her hand and wraps it around the base of your shaft.

She is now guiding your cock into my mouth and the effect of both of us working you whips you into a frenzy. Not wanting to miss out on tasting you too, she eases her way off your chest & sits down on the floor next to me. You have the chance to briefly catch your breath and wanting to tease you a little we take a detour from your cock and resume pleasuring each other. She starts licking & nibbling at my neck and her tongue makes its way back down to my nipples. Aching for her touch, I press myself into her as her nibbling is now focused on my tits. I grab her hand and she instinctively knows to rub my clit.

She inserts a couple of fingers inside me and takes my wetness and rubs it over my nipples. With one hand I return the favour, with the other I start pumping your cock again, as you have been patiently waiting for us to pay you some more attention. With her fingers still inside me and your hardness in my hand, I can feel I am about to orgasm and I kiss her whilst the intense pleasure courses through my body. Exhausted I lay down on the floor and its not long before her mouth is wrapped around your cock.

Wanting more though, you stand her up and, bend her over the seats in front of you and introduce her to the pleasure that is your throbbing, hard cock. Laying beneath you I have the perfect view of your cock entering her wet cunt and the sight of this really turns me on. I get up and position myself so that my tongue can reach your shaft and with each thrust you run your cock along my tongue and then plunge it inside her. You are both moaning with pleasure now and from experience I know you are about to blow your load. You spin her around as you remove your cock from her cunt and guide her down to the floor next to me. Within seconds you are spurting your cum all over us, directing first into her mouth, then into mine.

We happily take it in turns to taste you as you fall back into your seat, revelling in the sight of the two of us as we savour every last drop on our tongues.

We are all quite spent now, but you know that you have yet to satisfy your new friend, so you lift her up off the floor and direct her to straddle your face, her sweet smelling cunt soon in raptures as your tongue and fingers set to work on pleasuring her.....

He writes:

She grinds and mashes her pussy against my face, and her clit is pressed against my tongue as I enter first one, then 2 and finally 3 fingers inside her.

My little finger worms it's way into her ass as she cries out and moans against me. I work slowly at first, steadily increasing in tempo as she shudders and groans against me. I feel your mouth on my soft cock as you lick my cum, and her juices off, and I start to harden again under your skilled attention. Her cries get louder as her orgasm builds and I look up at her naked body writhing above me and see the final member of our audience standing behind me, pumping his cock with his hand as he watches her totally lose control on my mouth. 

She screams, loud, and clutches at my head as she cums and I feel her juices flooding down my face. Her whole body shakes as my tongue flicks across her clit and my fingers fuck her pussy and ass. Her head thrashes from side to side and you can see her hair flying across her back as you look up, my cock now fully hard now in your mouth. I hear a grunt and see the guy behind me cumming, his jet of semen splashes her neck and chest, once again bathing her tits. She can do nothing buck squirm as I ride the wave of her orgasm down again, and start to pay more attention to the magic you are working on my cock. 
