 Amber walked to her car with a smile, her heart racing. She couldn't believe what she had just done. It was so dangerous, so risky, so unlike her... yet so satisfying, fulfilling, and exhilarating. She grabbed some napkins from the glove compartment, and began wiping the mixture of cum that was slowly dripping down her thighs. 

She started her car and began the journey home. Looking out the window at the cinema she had just left, Amber knew right then and there that this wouldn't be her last visit.

*************Two hours earlier**************

Amber moaned while watching a video of a woman playing with herself while multiple men watched from a distance. The woman had her perky breasts exposed with her legs wide open so that her wet pussy was visible. Amber circled her clit with her fingers, her own pussy dripping from how turned on she was. She liked to imagine herself as the woman in these types of videos. There was something so sexy and forbidden about having others watching you as you got off. 

But something was missing.. she needed something more. If only I was that woman in the video, she thought. Amber began to search online for naughty stories about exhibitionists. That's when she came across an interesting link. On her laptop screen showed an ad of a cinema that showed erotic films; and even better, it was only 30 minutes away from her home.

Bingo... she thought. Amber began to imagine how turned on she would be, watching porn while others were around. Playing with herself with the possibility of others being able to see her was an opportunity she couldn't pass up. She had to go!

Now normally, Amber wasn't the type to go off and do something like this. But right now she was extremely horny and needed immediate relief. Reason and logic were the furthest things from her mind at this point. She hurried and got dressed, and made her way to her car.

Thirty minutes later, Amber finally arrived in front of the theater. It looked like a normal building, kind of small but discrete. It was dark outside by now, and she was far enough from home that she doubted she would run into anybody she knew. Amber was shaking slightly, nervous yet excited about what she was planning to do.

Amber made her way inside of the building. In front was a man standing below a behind a booth, presumably selling tickets. She paid for her ticket, and was directed to go into a back room. There's no backing out now, she thought. It was fairly dim inside the room. A large screen was in front, showing a brunette being fucked by a muscular black man while her husband watched. Perfect.

She sat down in one of the middle rows of the theater, with about five or six rows behind and in front of her. Amber noticed there were about four men in the rows around her, spread out and not really seeming to notice her. Might as well get comfortable, she thought. Amber had made sure she wore a short skirt, and a tight button-down shirt. She purposely did not wear a bra tonight; the feeling of being exposed exciting her.

Amber unbuttoned some of the buttons on her shirt, only leaving the last two fastened. She watched the screen, which now showed the woman being taken from behind by the black man while sucking off her husband. The camera had zoomed in on the brunette's wet pussy as the man's big black cock pumped in and out of her. Amber found herself beginning to get turned on, her panties slowly forming a wet spot. The woman on the screen began to moan loudly, but it was muffled by the meaty cock fucking her mouth. Amber couldn't take it anymore. She lifted up her skirt so that it was above her waist, reached inside her panties, and began to slowly rub her clit. She let out a small moan as she continued to watch the brunette get fucked to an orgasm. 

Amber was so focused on the screen, she didn't even realize that one of the men in the theater had moved to the seat next to her. He watched her as she played with her wet pussy. Amber looked over as the man began to rub himself through his jeans. She noticed that an impressive-sized bulge appeared. 

Amber was so turned on at this point. This is exactly was she has been wanting and needing for so long. She rubbed her pussy faster while squeezing one of her breasts with her left hand. She began to moan loudly when she saw the man unzip his jeans and pull out his cock. It was average size, but super thick. He started to stroke his cock in his hand while watching her, biting his bottom lip. Amber was already close to coming when the man began to rub her inner thigh with his hand. She started to pant, not knowing how to react. She watched as he rubbed her thigh, and began to slowly inch his way towards her panties. 

Oh my god, she thought. What is he trying to do? Amber's mind wanted to tell him to stop, however her body clearly wanted the opposite. She spread her legs wider, and removed her hands from her panties. The man licked his lips as he began to rub her panty-covered pussy. She was so hot and wet by now, she knew he had to feel it. He began to move his hand faster as Amber moaned louder, not caring who else was around. She was going to cum from a stranger's hand. Amber couldn't take it anymore, and finally found her release. She began to buck her hips as her pussy fluids flooded the man's hand.

About a minute passed as Amber finally began to recover from her orgasm. The man had removed his hand from her pussy, and continued to stroke his hard cock. Suddenly, he got up and stood in front of her. Amber didn't even get a chance to say anything when she felt rope after rope of hot cum hit her breasts, and then her spread thighs. She sat there in shock, not knowing what to do or say. She watched as the man walked away and out of the theater. 

Surprisingly, Amber wasn't upset. If anything, she had gotten even more turned on. She began to rub the stranger's cum into her skin, enjoying the feeling it gave her to know she was being a little slut. It was at that point that she realized there was a man to her right staring at her with his cock in his hand, stroking himself slowly. He seemed like he had been watching her for a while, as she noticed he had a glob of pre-cum that had formed on his long cock. Amber made eye contact with the man, and nodded to let him know to come closer.

This man was tall, dark, and handsome.. just how she liked them. He was also more forward with what he wanted. He forcefully removed Amber's shirt from her body, and pulled her panties down her legs and onto the floor. Amber watched as he got on his knees, spread her legs wide and began to lick her wet cunt. Amber screamed in pleasure as the man circled her clit with his warm tongue. He definitely knew what he was doing. That's when Amber felt a hand on her breasts, squeezing them softly. She looked up to see who was attached to this hand, and saw that another man had moved to the row behind her.

He began playing with her nipples, pinching and flicking them. Amber was in heaven. She began to move her hips up and down so she was riding the first man's tongue. He moaned, and she felt the vibrations of his voice on her pussy. She felt like she was no longer in control of her body, and knew she would cum again soon.

Amber pouted when the man stopped and stood up in front of her. She had been so close to a strong orgasm. He must have saw the look on her face, and only gave her a devilish grin. Amber didn't even notice that he had taken his pants and boxers off. Is he about to...

Before she had a chance to finish her thought, the man slid his long, hard cock into Amber's soaking cunt. She immediately came all over his dick. He fucked her hard and deep as the second man continued to massage her breasts and play with her nipples. It was all so surreal to Amber. A third man had made his way over the the group, and shoved his cock in Amber's mouth. He began to fuck her mouth quickly.

This was all so new to her, but she was loving every second of it. She was in her own little world when she heard the first man moan loudly. She knew he was going to cum soon by the way his body tensed and he began fucking her faster. Amber wanted every drop of his cum deep inside of her womb. She wrapped her legs around the man's body and pulled him closer. Amber moaned loudly as she felt the hot stream of baby batter pour into her hot cunt. She squeezed her pussy and milked his cock. 

Amber was almost sad when she felt him pull out of her pussy; she felt so empty now. But she needn't worry, as the third man pulled his cock out of her mouth and into her pussy. He fucked her hard and fast while the second man continued to play with her nipples. She knew he wanted this to be a quick fuck, but she needed to be taken from behind. Amber got up and turned around, putting her knees on the seat and lifting her round ass in the air. The man caught on to what she wanted, and began to fuck her again doggy-style. The second man, who had been playing with her breasts, was now in front of her with his hard dick in his hand. He stroked quickly, as he forced her mouth open with his free hand. He began to slap his thick cock on her tongue, moaning while doing so.

Amber couldn't believe it, but she knew she was going to come again for the third time. It happened sooner than expected when the man inserted his thumb into her exposed asshole and began shooting his semen deep into her cunt. Almost simultaneously, the man in front of her began to cum; his sperm landing in her open mouth, face, and hair. She lost it. Amber moaned and bucked her hips, her body tensing and eyes rolling to the back of her head. It was the most intense orgasm she ever had in her life. She was drained. Both men pulled up their pants and left the theater. 

Amber sat there, exhausted, excited, and fulfilled. It was everything she had ever dreamed of and more. She gathered her clothes and got dressed. She didn't bother to put her panties back on, enjoying the feeling of the two huge loads of semen dripping down her legs. She left the cinema, not really caring to hide the fact that she had just gotten the fucking of her lifetime. 

As Amber drove home, she thought to herself: What movie would be showing tomorrow?

The End