 Ted and Carol had known Tony and Karen for a number of years. They got on together very well and socialised together quite often.

As soon as Karen walked through the door, Ted realised he was going to be in for an entertaining evening. She was wearing a very tight red Japanese dress it was of a wrap around design with a high collar, but with thigh high slits in the sides that revealed lots of her legs when she sat down. Carol and Ted had invited Tony and Karen for dinner. Ted had taken the trouble to select some fine wine. Carol had cooked an excellent meal, as usual Ted had strategically arranged the seating to put Karen next to him on one side of the table. Whilst Tony was helping Carol in the kitchen Karen gave Ted quick shoulder massage, he found this irresistible and thanked her with a brief but passionate kiss.

Later on, they started discussing what was currently on at the cinema at the moment. They soon realised that Karen and Ted liked one particular film, whilst Carol and Tony liked another. Carol suggested that Karen and Ted went to see one film whilst Tony and Carol saw the other. Karen looked across to Tony as if to seek his approval.

As they were leaving at the end of the evening both couples exchanged kisses, when Karen noticed Carol in full snog with Tony. Karen became a little more daring and gave Ted the full kiss he had been wanting, he couldn't resist giving her a big hug and caressed her cute arse.

With Tony and Karen gone, Ted turned his full attention to Carol, once in bed he quickly discovered her pussy flooding with love juice, Carol was very aroused from the attention she had got from Tony as they left. They continued to tease and arouse each other before making love and going to sleep very contented.

They had all agreed to meet at the cinema the following night. Unusually Carol dressed up for the occasion. She was wearing a black wrap around skirt with stockings that Ted caught a brief glimpse of. They greeted each other in the foyer, Karen was dressed in a jersey top and a short brown miniskirt, one Ted had admired before. Like Carol, Karen had deep red lipstick on which accentuated her lips. Karen linked Ted's arm and they went off to where the film was about to start. They agreed to meet up after the film back at the house.

Karen chose some seats to one side of the cinema, and they sat down and looked forward to the film. Ted couldn't help himself looking at Karen's lovely legs as she crossed them. Ted put his arm around her, and she moved closer, Their lips met for a brief but soft romantic kiss. They then sat back to watch the film. As they were leaving Ted got some admiring looks as he walked out of the cinema with a beautiful young lady next to him. He held her body close to his as the walked across to car park in the cool evening breeze back towards his sports car. The heels of her high heel leather boots clcked on the concrete.

As Karen sat in the car, Ted held the door open for her, and couldn't help but notice her short skirt ride up to show even more of her long legs and a brief glimpse of her white thongs. She provocatively said,  "This skirt is very short isn't it" After getting into the car, Ted leaned across and kissed her, their tongues entwining. 

They decided that it was time to make their way back to the house. Tony and Carol had already got a bottle of wine open there was some soft music on the stereo and they were slow dancing together. On realising Ted and Karen had arrived they stopped dancing. Tony took Karen in a passionate embrace and Carol pulled Ted to one side and whispered in his ear that she had been feeling so randy all night being with Tony. Tony and Karen carried on dancing whilst Carol and Ted sat down and watched them dance. You could tell they had sex on their minds. Karen was grinding her crotch against Tony's obvious erection. Tony's hands moved down Karen's back and he pulled her tighter towards him. Karen lift her leg up on to Tony's hip. Tony moved his hand along her thigh and under her skirt.

Ted and Carol sat kissing, his hands were exploring Carol's body, he loved the silk stockings she was wearing. Ted slowly undid the buttons on Carol's blouse and started to feel her breasts, rolling her nipples between his fingers, which became erect. Carol was deftly undoing Ted's button flys and massaging his cock. They didn't notice Tony and Karen get down to business until they heard the grasps of delight from the other end of the room as Tony plunged his cock into Karen from behind. He began in earnest, moving to and fro, in and out of her sticky channel. After half a dozen strokes, her crack opened and released a deluge of love juice on to his cock. the sensation was almost too much for him to bear, and he slowed for a while to regain control. He controlled his pace to lengthen their pleasure. Karen was pushing back to meet his inward strokes as he buried all of his cock inside her.

Carol and Ted wasted no time. Ted pulled off her thongs to reveal her glistening pussy. She leaned back on the sheepskin rug and he plunged his cock deep in to her pussy. She then gasped "hmm that's what I like a nice stiff cock" Ted looked across to see Karen pushing back to meet Tony's every thrust. His hands were holding on to her hips and he pulled Karen back on to his cock. Ted found this sight very arousing, and it made Ted push even harder into Carol, who was urging Ted on. The truly beautiful sensations being drawn from his cock by the firm friction inside her pussy, and the vision of his usually reserved wife acting in such an erotic manner were hurtling Ted towards an explosive climax. He pushed harder, despite his aching legs and let out a series of explicit curses. The two couples didn't quite climax together but it was close. Ted was still coming down from his high when Carol whisper to him 'Lets go and see what they are doing', the thought of watching Tony and Karen screwing bought renewed hardness to his cock.

Ted and Carol went over to see Tony and Karen. Tony was slowly rocking in and out of Karen, Carol knelt down beside Karen and whispered something in her ear, and she just nodded her approval. Carol took Tony by the hand and took him back across the room. She noticed that his cock had gone a little soft so she wasted no time in getting down on her knees and was sucking it back to full strength. Her fingers were expertly playing with his balls. Tony was obviously enjoying this as his eyes where closed and his hands where on Carol's head maintaining the pressure. She then let his fully erect cock hang down as she went on all fours and looked back at him as he positioned himself behind her and pushed his cock deep inside. She used all of her experience to get the most out of Tony. She wanted his cock deeper into her pussy so she quickly changed positions to get what she wanted. Tony was clearly enjoying this new challenge.  Sitting astride Tony, she grasped his cock and guided it towards her entrance. This time, with it positioned properly, Tony was able to push it home and he let out an almost hysterical cheer when it finally all disappeared. The large size of his cock coupled with the Carol's tightness meant that all of her pleasure zones were touched, not one tiny part of her was neglected and she climaxed straightaway. Bucking faster, Carol brought on her second climax in as many minutes, and a third started to build when she felt Tony's cock begin to throb as he prepared to shed his seed. She was aware that Tony's balls were moving, could feel the barrel of his cannon preparing to fire, but instead of slowing she embarked upon a frenzy of fucking, she was oblivious to Karen and Ted sat watching and by the time Tony's cock spurted its gift deep within her pussy she was sobbing with joy of a climax so fierce she thought she might faint. 

Karen and Ted had watched Carol's wanton act whilst Ted fingered Karen's pussy. Her fingers were wrapped around his cock which before long was rearing to go. Wishing to fully enjoy this opportunity he first of all got down between her legs and gave her a deep tonguing. Ted could taste Tony's salty come deep inside her. Paying particular attention to her love bud, her breathing became deeper as she went over the top her stomach shuddered with each orgasm. Ted inched his cock into Karen's pussy, she started off with her legs around Ted's waist, lifting her body to meet his inward thrusts. Ted then lifted her long legs high up over his shoulders so that he could plunge his cock deeper in to her tight pussy. She let out a small squeal as he buried his cock to the full hilt. "Gosh your cock is so big" He needed no further urging, Ted used all his usual tricks to tease Karen into submission, his thrusts were slow and deliberate so that that Karen could savour every inch of him, and his arousal grew more intense with every wild cry which escaped from her lips. She used her vagina muscles to keep his cock tight inside of her. They looked into each others eyes, it was a total look of lust. Karen encouraged him on. Ted started to quicken up the pace before flooding her pussy with his come. As Ted was slowing down Carol had crept up behind him and she was gently playing with his balls as he bobbed in and out of Karen, who hadn't noticed Tony who had now moved up along side her and was offering his cock up towards her open mouth.

Karen took his cock deep into her throat and sucked hard on it. She left her deep red lipstick around the base of his cock to serve as an indicator as to how much of his large cock she had taken in her mouth. Karen concentrated on the head of his cock, her lips stroking, her tongue licking, while her fingers caressed his enormous balls. Tony ran his fingers through Karen's hair his breathing becoming deeper as he approached the point of no return. Carol decided to take her turn between Karen's open legs and surprised her when she started licking her inner thighs slowly making her way up to her pussy. Carol moved her lips to Karen's pussy, licking first her clitoris, then the whole of her pussy, it tasted wonderful. Then she moved back to her clitoris, sucking it into my mouth, licking it. Karen's reactions quickly grew stronger, her moans louder. Then her whole body stiffened, and Carol knew that Karen was coming. Her orgasm went on and on as she licked at her, softer now, until her body relaxed. Her expert tonguing was causing Karen to loose her concentration on Tony's cock, but Tony and Ted was enjoying the sight of this act. Ted was playing and sucking Karen's nipples. Carol continued to use her fingers on Karen's love bud, whilst she worked up her smooth body planting gentle kisses as she went ever higher, until at last their lips met in a very passionate kiss. Carol brought up her juice covered fingers to Karen's mouth so she could taste her own pussy juices, She licked Carol's fingers clean, her eyes closing whilst she did it.

Ted could only watch with his still stiff cock in his hand. Who was going to get the pleasure of that next. The two girls suddenly noticed Ted's cock and got either side of him and they both expertly started to suck on his cock and his balls. They both used there fingers on him to good effect. He was in seventh heaven by the time he came finally spurting into Carol's mouth. 

Carol kissed Ted and he could taste the salty taste in her mouth. She still looked fantastic sat there in just her stockings. She said she had so enjoyed the evening, which had started when Tony had discovered her stockings in the cinema, when she had crossed her legs and the slit in her skirt had opened to reveal her leg up to her stocking top. After the film had started he had slipped his hand back through the slit to caress her legs, and when she had not stopped him they had kissed passionately.

Ted and Carol left Karen and Tony in each other's arms and Ted took Carol upstairs for a shower. The water jets combined with Carol's soapy fingers once again bought Ted's cock to attention. She leaned back against the wall, put her arms around his neck and in a passionate embrace he entered her pussy once again. This time their actions were more passionate and controlled, but Ted still managed to bring Carol to a climax. Suddenly the door to the shower opened and Karen said 'You two aren't at it again?' She jumped in the shower and started to soap their bodies, paying particular attention to Carol, who gave Karen a kiss. Ted's soapy hands explored both of their bodies. Ted got out to dry himself off and watched Karen and Carol enjoying themselves through the glass doors. Karen was down on her knees licking at Carol's pussy. Carol's head rolled back, the warm water still jetting over her body. Karen stood up and kissed Carol whilst still playing with her pussy. Whilst they were kissing Karen started to return the favour and reached around for Carol's pussy. 

As Ted picked up his digital camera to catch some pictures of the girls together Tony came up to see what was going on. Tony had joined then in the shower. Karen was soaping his chest and was working her way down to his cock. Carol was soaping his back and was paying particular attention to his arse, her fingers tracing down the cleft of his arse, her soapy fingers sliding down the cleft and underneath to his balls. With her body pressed against his, he turned his head to kiss her. She continued to play with his balls whilst Karen toyed with his stiff cock, whilst they kissed. Tony massaged Karen's breasts. Carol decided to leave Tony and Karen to enjoy themselves in the shower and got out to dry off. Ted took some more pictures of them in the shower the light glistened off their wet bodies

Tony was keen to see the pictures of Karen in the shower, Ted was also keen to shown him them plus others he had taken of Carol on other occasions. These were a mixture of straight forward portrait and some glamour pictures.

Whilst they were looking at the pictures Carol came in and undid her gown to reveal a very sexy outfit. "Do you prefer the pictures or do you like the real thing?" The outfit was one Ted had bought her for her birthday, and had been unsuccessful until now in getting her to wear it for him. It consisted of matching red underwired bra and thongs and a red suspender belt, which she was wearing with black silk stockings. Carol sat between the two men and started admiring the pictures as well.  Her hand slipped into Ted's lap and she let her fingers curl around his stiff cock. Putting the pictures to one side she grasped Tony's cock with her other hand. Whilst Carol and Ted kissed Tony played first with Carol's moist pussy that he was easily able to finger. Her body shuddered as she reached her climax.

They were just regaining their composure when Karen walked into the room. She had got on a towelling robe and her hair was wrapped in a towel. She had picked up a large banana from the bowl in the kitchen, and she started to remove the skin, before plunging its length into her mouth in a very seductive manner, Ted got a picture of her with her red lips tight around the banana. she then pulled it back out without biting it. She gave Ted a big smile, he patted his lap and she sat on it and throw her arms around him and gave him a full kiss. Ted passed around some glasses of champagne. Karen spotted the bowl of strawberries and started feeding them to Ted, she then picked up a large strawberry and teased her pussy with it before taking a bite and giving the other half to Tony, 'Hmm strawberries and cream' she grabbed some more fruit and did the same again giving one to each of the others. Ted asked Karen if she could get Carol to wear more sexy clothes for future dinner parties. She just nodded and asked if she should do the same, yes please.....

So Carol now has a special party wardrobe, this contains only clothes she likes to wear for dinner parties with select friends. Carol went shopping with Karen and they chose the items together and she has added to it herself since. All the clothes and underwear is of the best quality, very sexy and some of it very revealing. Ted has had even more reason now to suggest inviting people to dinner. Next month it's dinner at Tony and Karen's place, Ted can't wait to see what the ladies will be wearing.....will it be another night to remember....