 The story that follows is part of a much larger work, but has been written to stand alone. If you like it, check out my member page for the rest.

I wandered the streets of London in torment, desperate for a fuck. My sex drive, you have to understand, is immense. I could go quite a long time without it, but once I was aroused it needed far more than a quick grope to satisfy it. Right now I needed cock like a diabetic needs insulin. 

I walked past the crowds in Piccadilly Square doing my best to catch the eyes of men, but to no avail. I was beginning to feel lost and unwanted, in a way I hadn't for years. I managed to board the tube and stood in the rush hour crush with men pressing up against me, and I had to bite my lip to stop myself crying out for them. As it was I couldn't stop myself from hitching up my skirt and playing with myself between stations, when I was sure no-one had a view. 

The tube lurched to halt at one station and stayed there an immensely long time. There was obviously something wrong, and the passengers eyed each other nervously. I looked over at the station name, and something about it spoke to me. There was something about that stop that I should remember...

I pushed quickly through the crush on the train and just managed to get off before the doors thudded shut behind me, and half-ran to the escalator. I jiggled up and down with impatience as we rode to the station exit, and skidded to a halt whilst I got my bearings. A possible salvation was here somewhere, somewhere I had considered a visit to once before. If I could just recall which direction... It all looked so different in the orange glow of the streetlamps. Ah, yes that was it. 

I stood and watched for a while from across the street. A small entrance, with a sign above it, in fading blue paint. Mann's Erotic Cinema picked out in an attempt at an oriental script. As I watched three or four men, none of them together, went up the stairs, all of them looking furtively around before disappearing. My heart pounded in my chest. I left my hiding place and walked over the road and up into the building.

Contrary to my expectations, once I was on the first floor the place was quite pleasant. A large pot plant, some sort of fern I think, stood over in a corner, and the walls were hung with heavy red velvet curtains. There was a small opening in the wall, mostly glassed over, with a half moon opening at the bottom, through which a man, maybe in his sixties, peered up at me from a seat that was clearly too low.

'Yes?' he said.

'How much?' I said, opening my purse.

'Seven pounds.' I fished out a ten pound note from my bag. 'But you have to be a member.'

'How much is that?'

'Twenty-seven fifty.'

I looked into my purse. I had the ten, a five, and some loose change. 'Would you take a cheque?'

The man looked up at me, and put his head on one side. 'Why do you want to go in? You looking for someone?'

'Erm.' I tried to think of the best way of putting it. 'Actually, I'm looking for anyone.'

He looked at me for a little while longer, and then finally he laughed. 'Oh,' he said. 'Well, tell you what. Used to get a stripper in a while ago, till she put her prices up. If you put on a little show for us, well, I'll make it free membership and free admission, any time you like.'

I smiled. 'Ok, thanks,' I said. I made to set off through the double doors and the end of the hall.

'Wait a minute.' The man stood up and looked out at me, a stern look across his face. 'I can't let you go in there without checking you out first, myself.' I laughed and quickly flashed him a look at my shaved pussy beneath my skirt, before running off through the doors.

The theatre had a low ceiling, not much higher than my bedroom at home, but was quite wide, obviously two or three rooms knocked into one. The seats were an odd assortment, about four or five rows of different flip-up fixed cinema seats followed by a couple of rows of just plain armless chairs, some covered in a brown suede effect material, others a black plastic. I selected one of the latter as being the cleanest, and sat down. 

There was a movie showing on the screen, a man holding a woman up whilst another man ate her out. It wasn't too bad quality, but my mind was on the action to be had in the audience rather than on screen. I sat back and stuck three fingers up my cunt whilst I looked around.

There were about twenty or thirty men in the theatre, mostly in their late forties to early fifties I would guess, though there were one or two younger ones as well. They had spread themselves out to be as far fro each other as possible, but the back rows with armrests were completely empty but for one man on the far side of the room, who kept casting furtive glances over at me. I smiled at him and angled myself so he could see me clearly, before pulling my skirt right up to my hips. I put one leg up on the seat next to me. If he looked over now he would see right up my gaping cunt. 

Ah, there we go. His next glance made his face break into an astonished leer. He looked around him and then, adjusting himself as he stood up, sidled along the row towards me. He sat down next to me and put his hand on my pussy. I removed my own hand and let him play with my cunt for a while as he stared at the screen, and then he unzipped himself and removed his cock. It wasn't huge but it was beautiful to me at that moment. I spread my legs and he moved round and with a small grunt inserted himself in me.

He obviously had a lot of pent up arousal because he fucked me like a steam train, not long but hard, and I was crying out in a mixture of pleasure end joyous pain within seconds, and I squealed with each stroke. Just as I was on the peak of cumming he came inside me, a flow that never seemed to end and bubbled out onto the seat below. 

I opened my eyes and looked over his shoulder. Nobody was watching the film anymore. Some, nearer the front, were standing to get a better look. 

The man on top of me pulled himself up and stood up. I leaned forwards and quickly fellated the last few drops of cum from his wilting penis. 'Thank you,' he muttered as he stepped away, and sat down heavily on a seat further up the row, panting. 

I licked my lips and looked at the face of the nearest man, directly in front of me but two rows down. I suck a hand in my cunt and fished out a handful of combined male and female cum, and licked it slowly from my fingers, making satisfied noises. I swallowed and licked my lips again. 'More,' I said, looking into his eyes. 

He stood up. I couldn't tell when he was sat down, but he was a big man, well over six feet tall. Another man made to push past him, but he stuck an arm out and stopped him dead. 'Wait!', he said. Then, to me, 'Are you sure about this, girl? What do you want?'

I was getting frustrated again, and the air was full of the soundtrack to the film, so I had to shout over the moans and groans. I blush now to think of what I said, but like I said, I get this way sometimes. What I said, or shouted, was what I had been wanting to shout to the shoppers on Oxford Street, to the sightseers in Piccadilly Square, to the businessmen on the Northern Line. 

'I want you all to fuck me. I want to taste your cum, to be fucked in every hole you can find. I want you to use me any way you like until you think I can't take it any more, and then use me some more. I want you inside me two, three at a time. I want you, every last one of you, to do with me everything you always wanted to do with a woman.'

The big man looked at me levelly, and there were mutterings all over the theatre. Then there was a long pause. The big man looked around the theatre. 'Anyone here got a problem with that?' Total silence, this time. The film had stopped, and a small door opened for the projectionist to emerge. 

'Okay, then.'

I held up a hand. 'Oh, wait!' I slipped my jacket off and threw it into a corner. Then I undid my belt , and stood up so that my skirt dropped to my feet. I picked that up too, and threw it on top of my jacket. I left my blouse on for now, it was a little chilly. I walked over to the big man, turned and bent over a little, pushing my bare ass at his crotch. 'Okay, then?'

'Okay,' he said. He pushed me over and with one movement whipped out his cock and plunged it into my cunt. I gasped with pleasure as he pulled my onto him, but my arms floundered for support. A couple of other guys rushed up and grabbed an arm each. A fourth walked around to my head and, while I was still reeling from the cock in my cunt being removed and shoved straight up my ass, thrust a penis unexpectedly down my throat. Luckily it wasn't too large, and I was able to accommodate it quite easily, even though it was pushed right down do that my nose was nestling amongst his pubic hair. 

It was awkward to keep pace deep throating this guy whilst the other cock plunged in and out of my ass out of time, and I was thankful when it was removed. My ass was pulled around and the guy in my mouth had to remove himself. I looked around, and the big man was sat on the end of the row of armless seats, his fat cock sticking up like a lollipop. I longed to suck on it, but he patted his lap, and I accepted the offer. There would be time enough for that. I eased my asshole down onto his cock, and he leaned over and kissed the top of my head. 'What's your name, slut?' he asked.

'Chris... Christine.'

'Who wants to fuck Christine, then?' he called. One of the younger guys stepped up. He knelt down and slowly slipped his meat into me. He ripped my blouse open (ah, well) and popped one of my breasts out of my bra before sucking on my tit, quite hard. It had always just tickled when guys did that before, but since the operation my breasts had become a lot more sensitive, and he was doing it just hard enough to get past the tickling. 

I still felt unfulfilled, however. I opened my mouth wide and closed my eyes. A man stepped up behind the chair and placed his cock head on my tongue. I pushed down to engulf it, but couldn't quite reach. The man who's cock I was sitting on grabbed my head and pushed it down. I gagged a little with the shock, but it was exactly what I needed. He began a rhythm in and out, masturbating the man with my head. He released me when the cock's owner took over, pulling my head into his cock. I deep throat very well, and I was more than able to get him completely inside me and lick around the base of his cock. He came fairly quickly after that, withdrawing slightly as he did so, and I swallowed hard and fast to keep up with the gush of cum that came in wave after wave. 

Immediately he was finished the cock that was in my cunt began to speed up and just as one cock was removed from my mouth another was thrust in, and he came immediately, spattering cum onto my tongue as he pushed past to bury his cock in my throat and make me swallow another load of ejaculate. As he came up I was panting for breath. But I still wanted more. 

I was getting hot, so I discarded my blouse, reached behind myself and removed my bra. The man behind me immediately cupped my breasts with his hands, and with that extra support I was able to begin to slide myself up and down his shaft, faster and faster, until he began to moan and grunt towards a climax. I jumped up off of him and knelt down, and took the head of it in my mouth and sucked gently. As I suspected he came quickly after that, filling my mouth with hot cum. I looked up at him and opened my mouth rolling it around, before swallowing it with a satisfied grin. He smiled, kissed me on the forehead, and slipped out, fastening himself up. 

I looked around me. The dignified queue had become a crowd of male flesh, pushing and shoving to reach me. All of those I could see had their cocks out, and most held them tight to them, out of sight as much as possible whilst ever ready to stick in an available hole. I held up a hand whilst I caught my breath. I walked over to the third seat in the line and pushed it away, then reversed the other two so that they faced into the empty space at the back, rather than the screen. I lay down across the chairs, opening my legs wide, and let my head dangle down at the back. 

A man knelt down and stuck his cock in my pussy, whilst another took the queue to enter my throat. This was by far the best way to fellate, even if a little undignified. It opens your throat right up. Both men fucked me hard, and I came with sheer delight. This treatment was exactly what I wanted. 

The cock in my mouth removed itself for a moment and hands lifted my head just long enough for me to see another one being pumped furiously at my face. It let fly and I opened up quickly, managing to catch all but a few drops. As the cock was re-inserted I felt the semen slide down into my hair. 

Most of the next couple of hours passed in a blur. Every man there fucked me at least once, every man there dumped his load in my mouth at least once. Quite often guys didn't manage to wait their turn, and I felt a hot splash across my belly, or my breasts. When this happened I would take every opportunity I could to pass this cum up to my mouth.

After a little while my cunt was so slippy that the standard became to fuck my asshole. After two or three of these I was gasping to cum, so I had to call a respite to retrieve my dildo from my bag and shove it up the hole. Helpful hands fucked me in the cunt whilst someone else, I think, banged my ass. I lost count of how many times I came.

Gradually the crowd thinned out as people had to leave for home, but new customers were coming in all the time. Eventually the only one I still recognised was the big guy, who never came back for more but would call out orders and suggestions. 

'Fuck her harder, you wimp! See, she likes it! Pull out and come on her face. Yeah, that's it. You! What do you want? You want her to lick your balls? She'll do that...'

At one point I was picked up and a man caarried me and impaled my cunt on his penis, whilst another did the same to my ass. They pumped together in and out, my arms around the man in front, whilst I screamed and yelled for more. I was like an insatiable animal. 

Finally the man running the place came and threw us out. There were three or four of us left, the big guy and a few guys who'd only just come in. They carried me and my clothes down the steps to the street. By now it was at least one in the morning, and the traffic on the street was very light. I sucked each one of them to completion, each of them depositing their load on my tongue or down my throat. 

Before I got to the last, however, a carload of young black men pulled over. Hollering and calling to each other they fucked my face deep, occasionally making me gag. The last slapped me as he came, and then spat on my face as he zipped himself back up. The big guy stepped up to punch him, but I put an arm out to restrain him. It didn't matter.

I stood up and slowly dressed myself. The big guy offered to give me a lift. He said his name was Michael. I said sure, and he walked me to his car, and drove me over to the flat. Bear looked surprised to see me at that hour until he saw the drying cum in my hair, and then he just smiled. 

Believe it or not, I still wanted more, and there was only one cock in my slippery cunt that I knew of that would satisfy. I was prepared to beg, but Bear was bisexual, and other men's cum didn't put him off. We climbed into bed together and Bear put his huge cock inside me more smoothly than it had ever gone in before. We made love slowly, building up to a huge crescendo that had the next door neighbors banging on the walls. We kissed deeply, and I fell asleep almost immediately in Bears powerful arms, but not before he had made me promise that next time I did anything like that, he would get to join in.