 It was our first weekend for ages without any kids and we had decided to go out and have some fun. You came down the stairs dressed in your denim mini skirt, basque and stockings and you looked so sexy with most of your tits on show and the tops of your stockings showing just below your skirt, I nearly had second thoughts about going out and wanted to jump on you there and then! You must have read my mind because as I reached out to grab your arse you pushed my hand away and said 'come on or we will never get out!'

I was driving, because I hadn't told you where we were going, so you grabbed a couple of cans of lager to drink in the car. 

When I parked the car and you looked up and saw the cinema you became a little unsure and asked 'are we going in there?' I replied that we were and you said it would be full of perverts so I said that two more wouldn't make any difference then!

You laughed at this and finished your lager off before saying 'ok then, let's go for it' and opened the car door and got out.

You clung tightly to my arm as we walked in and paid for our tickets, the bloke behind the counter looked you up and down and smiled approvingly at the sight before him. He told us the film had been on for about 5 minutes but it was ok for us to go through and pointed to a set of doors in the corner. We walked up to the doors and stopped, I looked at you and asked if you were sure about this, you just leaned into me, kissed me and said 'as long as you look after me'.

At this I pushed the doors and we walked through them. Inside it was dark and on the screen there was what looked like a classroom with a woman sat behind a desk looking like she was working through some books. The screen threw just enough light for us to see that there was about 10-15 guys dotted around the cinema, all of them staring intently at the screen. 

I pointed towards the centre of the cinema where there was a couple of rows of seats where no one was sat. We made our way to the middle of one of these rows and sat down. By this time the woman on the screen had stood up and was writing something on a black board and the door opened and in walked about 10 guys who came in and sat down in the classroom. 

We settled down in our seats and I had a look around us, about half the guys were in front of us with the other half being behind. A few of the guys behind kept looking at you but the majority were watching the film, I don't think any of the guys at the front had noticed we had come in.

I leant over towards you and asked if you were ok to which you just nodded and kissed me. I sat with my arm around you watching the film, the woman seemed to be trying to teach the guys but they were just messing around and making suggestive comments towards her. 

As with all these films, the plot seemed stupid and somehow it changed to a scene where the woman was sat on her desk and two of the men were stood either side of her stroking her tits through her blouse. As usually happens, the film quickly changed from there and before you knew it there was naked bodies everywhere and it was turning into a pretty good gangbang. 

I reached my hand down and started to stroke your leg, slowly getting higher till I reached your stocking top and my hand found your bare flesh. Your legs parted slightly and as I stroked your naked thigh you gave out a little sigh. Looking around I could tell that most of the guys were really enjoying the film and from the movement I could see, most of them were playing with their cocks. 

I whispered this to you and you said that the ones in front of us had been doing it for a while. I moved my hand further up your leg and rubbed the front of your knickers, finding a very wet patch there. I said that obviously you were enjoying the film, or was it something else you were enjoying? You said that the film was good, but you were imagining all those cocks around you being played with. 

At that you reached down and started to rub my cock through my jeans. I slid your knickers to one side and started to gently tease your pussy with my fingers. Rubbing all around your lips which were starting to part slightly with your excitement. 

As you opened your legs further to allow me better access to your cunt I slipped one finger inside and felt your wetness start to run out and down onto your arse. I took my finger out and moved it up towards your clit. When it touched your clit your let out a gasp and I noticed that the 3 guys that were only a couple of rows in front of us heard and turned around. They must have had a great view of your open cunt, dribbling its juices and my finger toying with your clit. 

At first they turned back towards the screen and then slowly turned back to us and watched as I slowly finger fucked you and played with your clit with my thumb. You slid further down your chair and opened your legs even wider as your pussy got wetter and wetter. I noticed movement out of the corner of my eye and saw that a couple of the guys who were sat behind us has had moved into the row directly behind and were sat there wanking themselves whilst leaning forward and trying to see what I was doing to you. 

You hadn't noticed any of the other guys because had your head back and eyes closed breathing heavily and I could tell you were about to cum. I pushed my fingers into you harder and rubbed your clit more as your pussy clenched around my fingers and more of your juice flowed out of you as you came all over my hand. When you finished cumming you sat up and noticed that there was about 7 guys in front of you just staring at your wet, open cunt and you snapped your legs together trying to pull your skirt back down over your pussy. 

I whispered that it was a bit late to be covering up, they had already seen you cum. You relaxed a little and told me that you needed to pee. I asked if you wanted me to come with you but you said no, you would be ok. You went off to the loo, pulling your skirt back into place as you went and I sat back and watched a bit of the film. When you came back you sat down, held out your clenched hand to me and smiled at me before dropping your knickers into my hand. 

I leant towards you and kissed you deeply, letting my hand fall back onto your leg. You instantly let your legs fall open and my hand made its way up to your uncovered pussy and started stroking your lips, feeling the wetness still there. You reached your hand to my jeans and slowly unzipped them, reaching inside to release my rock hard cock. Once you had my cock in your hand you sat back in your chair and lifted your leg so that it was resting over mine. 

Whilst I was gently stroking your pussy, occasionally rubbing your clit, you were gently rubbing your hand up and down my cock, slowly pulling the foreskin back to reveal the pre-cum gathering on the head. You used your thumb to spread it all over my head and continued to gently wank me.

Looking around, the other guys were getting bolder and were moving closer. The guys in front were now sat in the row directly in front of us and all but one of the guys behind were sat or stood directly behind us. The other guy that was sat behind us was the boldest of the lot, he had moved into the same row as us and was sat just two seats away from you playing with his hard cock. All had forgotten the film and were watching what we were doing.

I slipped two fingers easily inside your pussy and you let out a little groan. You slid a little further down in your seat and lifted your skirt to around your waist, making sure that everyone had a really good view of my fingers sliding in and out of your sopping wet pussy. All the time you kept wanking my cock, but you never looked at me once, you were too busy looking around at all the cocks in front of and behind you. 

There were all shapes and sizes, some circumcised some not, some thick some thin, mostly they were about the same length as me, but one or two were a little longer. You leaned over to me and whispered in my ear 'can I do anything I want?' I just nodded and pushed a third finger into your cunt.

You looked over to your left, to the guy sat two seats away from you, and patted the seat next to you. He looked at me for reassurance and again I just nodded. He slid over to the seat next to you and you immediately lifted your other leg and rested it over his, opening yourself up even more to the watching eyes around us. 

The new guy let his hand slowly slide up your leg, playing a little with the top of your stocking before continuing up towards your pussy. I let my fingers slip from your wet hole and more of your juices came with them and ran down onto the chair beneath you. 

Your pussy was now being stroked by two hands and you reached over and took his cock into your other hand. You were now sat there with a cock in each hand, slowly wanking them and two hands on your pussy, stroking your lips and occasionally flicking against your clit. At the same time both me and the other guy slipped a finger into your pussy and soon built up a rhythm fucking your pussy with our fingers. You were getting closer and closer to cumming again and your breathing was getting heavier.

All at once you started to moan and clench our fingers in your pussy, I reached over with my other hand and lifted your tit from your basque, indicating for the other guy to do the same with the other one. We both took a nipple each into our mouths at the same time and started to suck. This was too much for you and you came all over our hands. 

Once you had recovered you stood up, turned your back to me, told me to fuck you, bent over and took the other guys cock straight into your mouth, sucking him deep into your throat. I didn't need asking twice. I stood up, dropped my jeans to the floor and pushed my aching cock straight into your wet cunt. As I pushed forward, you gagged a little on the cock in your mouth and I slowed down a little so you could enjoy it. 

The other guy was starting to breathe heavily and from the sound of things he wouldn't hold out much longer. A few seconds later he said that he was cumming, you pulled him out of your mouth and started to wank him off telling him to cum all over your tits. He did exactly that, he seemed to cum for ages, splashing spurt after spurt all over your swinging tits. When he had finished you put him back into your mouth and sucked and licked his shrinking cock clean. You looked over your shoulder to me and told me to sit down. 

When I had, you straddled me and slipped my cock back into your warm, wet cunt and began to slowly ride my cock. You looked at the row of cocks in front of you and reached out to two of them, pushed their owner's hands away and started to wank them. You lent forward and another cock was pushed towards your face. Once it was close enough you stuck out your tongue and licked the pre-cum off it before wrapping your lips around it and sucking it in deep. You continued like this for a few minutes, bouncing up and down my hard shaft, wanking two cocks and sucking a third. 

The guy in your mouth said he was cumming, you pulled back, looked at all the guys and told them you wanted them all to cum on your tits, make you look like the slut that you are. With this, the guy you had been sucking shot his cum all over your tits, the first spurt missing and hitting you under the chin and running down into your cleavage. 

As soon as he was finished, he moved away and you started sucking one of the guys you had been wanking, with another guy moving to take his place so you could wank him. There was hands all over your body, rubbing the cum into your massive swinging tits, I could feel them rubbing your clit whilst you were fucking me, hands stroking up and down your legs. I lost count of the number of times you had cum, I just knew that I had never felt you this wet.

The two guys you were wanking both shot their loads over you before you got to suck them and they were replaced by two others just as the guy you were sucking pulled out and came over you. You were now sucking the three cocks you had in turn, and they also came all over your tits, I couldn't see your tits, so could only imagine what they looked like and how much cum was dripping off them. The crowd was starting to thin out a bit, with the ones that had already cum moving behind us to give the others a bit of space. 

I think a couple of the guys actually came before they got near you because from what I could work out, there was only three guys left standing in front of you and they were all getting close. I told you that I wanted to be the last to cum on your tits and you lifted off me and sat back down after I had moved from under you. I could now see your tits and I had never seen so much cum, there was that much it was dripping off your nipples and all over your basque and skirt. 

At this point two of the last three guys suddenly shot their spunk and added it to the rest on your tits. This just left the guy you had in your mouth and me. You sucked him in deeper and looked him straight in the eye - that was too much for him and he also added his spunk to everyone else's. 

You turned towards me and lowered your mouth over my cock, taking me deep all the way to the back of your throat. You had had that much cock in your mouth that you didn't even gag and slipped all of it in your mouth in one go, not stopping until your lips reached the base. You swirled your tongue around and slowly pulled back, sucking hard as you went. You took it out your mouth and started to wank me while you licked and sucked my balls. 

I was getting close and told you so. You released my balls and started wanking me hard, pointing my cock at your tits and telling me to cum all over you, to cum all over your dirty little slut. The first spurt hit you right on your nipple and dripped straight off, the rest just got mixed up with the rest of the cum there. You took my slowly shrinking cock into your mouth and sucked the remaining cum out of me swallowing it down with a big gulp.

You sat back exhausted and you looked brilliant, your legs spread wide, your pussy dripping your juices and your tits dripping cum. You looked the perfect little slut; my perfect slut.

You told me that you wanted to go home, and got up to move, I said that you were not allowed to clean yourself up until I had fucked you again when we got home, so you just pulled your basque up over your cum covered tits, pulled your skirt down over your sopping pussy and we made our way to the exit. When we got to the end of the row of seats, the other guys all gave you a round of applause and thanked you for a wonderful time. I think you actually blushed a little, but I couldn't be sure.