 Here’s another chapter of my ongoing saga of my life with Charles, my elderly husband whom I regularly cuckold with my adulterous behavior. This is, of course, a fantasy, and I would never recommend such irresponsible, reckless, unprotected sex in real life. (But its fun to think about!) I’d love to hear what you think about it, too.

* * *

Its Saturday today. Charles is getting ready for a golf date with his buddies and will soon be gone for most of the day. Golf is of no interest at all to me. I'm more of a tennis person. 

I brushed my long dark hair and pinned it back. Then I went into the kitchen, poured a mug of coffee from the pot that Charles had already brewed and sloshed some Bailey's into it. The sweet, rich, creamy coffee was at once both invigorating and relaxing. I mused about what I would do today as I perused the Times. Actually, my mind was preoccupied with Charles' suggestion last night that he might retire soon. At 68 he was certainly old enough, but he was such a workaholic that I'd thought he would never step down voluntarily. I think some problems at the office have made him think that it might be a good time to quit being CEO of one of America's largest corporations.

I didn't think it was because he wanted more time with me! Our sexual intercourse had become an occasional ritual and Charles knew very well that he didn't begin to satisfy my nymphomania. At 26 I was in my sexual prime and needed several orgasms a day. He had mentioned possibly travelling more, which might be fun, but I didn't think I'd relish playing nursemaid to a wandering tourist unless I had plenty of opportunities to break loose and find stiff cocks on my own, as I do now. Well, time would tell, and I knew how adaptable I could be.

I had a tennis date with my neighbor, Sheila, but that wasn't until this afternoon. I decided to go for a jog in Central Park. It was warmer than yesterday so I slipped into some short shorts and a tee shirt and headed out. As I left our building I gave the doorman a playful pat on the ass as he held the door open for me. He wasn't a bad looking guy and I may very well fuck him one of these days.

Out on the street I attracted the usual chorus of whistles, catcalls, and lewd offers from workmen, loiters, and teenagers. My long, shapely legs stretched as I loped toward the nearby park. Once there, the people were fewer and I headed down a secluded path through a wooded area. As I came into a little clearing there were four guys throwing a football around. They looked like they were about 18 or 19, all dressed in jeans and tee shirts, with lovely, muscular bodies. They all had a dark, Hispanic appearance and seemed to be talking Spanglish.

There was a bench alongside the path. I sat down on it as if to watch them play football. They noticed me immediately. A tall, lanky one held the ball and called to me, "Wanna play?" He faked a pass at me.

I called back, "Sure, whata you wanna play?"

He threw the ball toward me but it was too high and just touched my fingertips as it sailed over my head into some bushes behind the bench. I followed the pigskin into the bushes and beyond into a tiny clearing where it had come to rest. I bent over to pick it up, but the boys had also run after me and just as I reached the ball they tackled me and fell in a heap on top of me. I was spread flat on my back with the tall guy directly in my face. His big hands were immediately under my tee shirt and all over my tits. A thrill of excitement shot through my body as he pinched my nipples. "Hola, bebé, you got nice tetas here," he grinned and pressed his mouth against my lips, shoving a long tongue into my mouth.

I was thinking how nice that tongue would feel in my pussy, when suddenly I felt my shorts being roughly jerked off my ass and pulled right off my legs. In the process one of my expensive Reeboks slipped off. Without any foreplay at all my legs were spread apart and I felt a hard stiff cock barreling into my cunt. My pussy was wet enough to let it slide in easily amid the cheers of the others, who were shouting and hooting with glee. "Chínguela, chínguela," they shouted as the fucker picked up a rapid pace in and out of my cunt, almost a vibration. The tall boy kept his fingers on my nipples, pinning me down, while his compañero fucked me. He licked my face with his big tongue and whispered obscenities to me.

The cock in my cunt came quickly and I could feel it throb as his warm cream surged from his balls and rifled through his shaft into my cunt. I was just starting to cum myself when they rolled me over and pulled me up on all fours. "Fuck the bitch!" one of them shouted, and immediately I felt a new, bigger cock penetrating my pussy from behind, doggie style. As he began pumping me rapidly, his hands grabbed my tits tightly and roughly, pulling on them like he was milking a cow.

The tall guy now stood in front of me with his fly open and his big, stiff, purple cock poking straight at me. "Me chupes, puta. Chupes mi banana," he laughed, and shoved his big dick into my mouth. His cock was warm and stiff and I obediently swirled my tongue around it as I sucked it deep into my throat, at the same time pushing my ass back against the cock that was banging my pussy. The tall man began a rhythmic fucking of my mouth making it easy for me to bring him quickly to a climax. 

The other two guys also had their hard-ons sticking out through their flies, up near my face, jerking them off and jeering at me in Spanish. One of them came first and shot a load of cum into my ear. It ran down my cheek and dripped from my chin just as the cock in my mouth exploded. It shot its first squirt into my mouth, but then it came out of my mouth and put three or four more strings of cum all over my face. The third guy added his load just as the guy in my cunt screamed in the ecstasy of his orgasm. As he pulled out of me I could feel the cum running down my thigh. By the time he came up in front of me his cock was hard again and he was shoving it in my mouth, with his hands in my hair pulling my head over his meat. I could taste my own pussy juice as well as his cum as I sucked on the eager penis.

They all took turns doggie fucking my cunt and making me suck them. They also kept jerking off on me. At one point one of them lay down on his back with his face under my chest so he could chew on my tit as he jerked himself off. But never did any of them give me the pleasure of tongue-fucking my pussy. One of them tried hard to drive his stiff cock into my ass, but he found my tight little anus impenetrable and finally settled for another fuck of my wide open and juicy cunt.

They must have each cum five or six times. By the time they had finished I was covered with their goo, along with my skinned and grassed-stained knees and elbows. Their cocks were finally limp, but before they put them back in their jeans two of them saw fit to piss all over me. "Nooooooo," I whined, but they just laughed and continued to direct their foul yellow streams across my torso even as I crawled away across the muddy grass. As a final insult, one of them wrenched my remaining Reebok off my foot, and, picking up the other one, announced that they would be a nice present for his novia [girlfriend].

And then they were gone. I picked up my naked body and wiped my face off as best I could with the bottom of my tee shirt. I was sore, and I felt dirty and humiliated. I was crying, and my tears ran down my cheeks. I found my shorts dangling from a bush and pulled them on. Barefoot, I started back up the path and quickly broke into a jog. I just wanted to get home as quickly as possible.

As I jogged, I thought about what I had just been through. I had asked for it hadn't I? I mean, I wanted to get fucked and had flaunted my sexy body in front of them. And it had felt good for the most part, even if they weren't the most gentlemanly guys in the world. I was so engrossed in my thoughts that I was careless as I left the park and almost got hit by a taxi. His loud horn startled me and brought my senses back up to a higher sensitivity.

But why did they have to rape me like that? Or did they? I never told them "No." Except for getting peed on at the end. But, I reminded myself, I had been pretty cooperative and probably had brought it on myself. Act like a slut and get treated like a slut I decided. I sometimes suffer from low self esteem and this was certainly one of those times. I was aware of the looks I was getting as I ran barefoot down 50th Street toward the condo. I tried to ignore them but was not very successful. I was so happy finally to see our doorman again. The look on his face was incredulous, but he recognized me and held the door open. I didn't stop my jog until I reached the elevator. I felt relieved that there was no one else about as I rode up to our unit alone. I was also relieved that my key was still in my shorts, along with the twenty I had tucked in my pocket before leaving.

Being Saturday, the maid and the cook were both off so no one was there. I headed straight for the bath, peeling off my tee shirt and my shorts as I got there. I shocked myself as I looked at my naked image in the big mirror. What a mess! I looked like I had been through hell! My feet were filthy and the rest of me wasn't much cleaner. I filled the tub with warm water, added some fragrant bath salts, and eased my aching body into it.

The warm water felt good and the bubble bath seemed to restore both my spirits and my body. I lay perfectly still for a long time and then turned the Jacuzzi jets on low and let the water swirl around me, caressing every inch of me. I let my fingers roam all over, first scrubbing my feet and then my legs and upper body with a sponge. As I rubbed my wet breasts the nipples stiffened and came alive again. I pinched them tightly and felt a lovely sensation ripple out through my whole being. Now my fingers caressed my inner thighs, my pussy, and my anus, cleansing and stimulating at the same time. As I washed my pussy clean of the morning's debauchery my fingers probed deeply into my cunt, finger fucking it and bringing back the pleasure of being touched in those erogenous places. By the time I found my clitoris it was already swollen. I was aroused now and could not stop masturbating until I had satisfied this new lust. I rubbed harder and faster. I could feel my juices rising once again. I pinched my nipples harder with my other hand. "Ohhhhhhh," I groaned. "Now, Yes, ohhhhhhhhh yes," as I picked up my own tempo of finger fucking myself. It felt wonderful, but also there was this terrible tension of wanting to cum so badly before my body was ready. My cunt was hot now, so hot. "Pleeaase, cum, cum now, . . ." And then it came . . . serene and full of relief and indescribable pleasure -- a woman's pleasure, putting me almost into a tiny coma before my senses slowly returned in an afterglow of peace and contentment.

I lay in the water a bit longer. I shampooed my hair thoroughly and then combed it out wet, the rich black locks falling loosely to my shoulders. Finally I got out of the tub and toweled off briskly, moisturized my skin all over. I painted my toes and fingernails and faced the big mirror once more. I saw a beautiful woman. After drying my hair, I sprayed on some perfume, applied a little eye make up and lipstick, and stepped back to admire my nudity in the big mirror again. My long, slim body radiated beauty from my toes to my head. I was curvy in all the right places, my skin was soft and creamy, my shaved pussy as seductive as my upturned breasts, and my face was angelic. I was a woman again, and proud of it.

It was now nearly 2 p.m. I wasn't hungry, but I grabbed a fresh pear in the kitchen and nibbled on it as I put on my tennis togs. Our condo building has a pool and fitness center on the top floor and four screened-in tennis courts on the roof. Sheila was waiting for me at the one she had reserved for us when I got there.

Sheila is an athletic, if small woman with a great body. She keeps fit so her body is muscular and tight. I love the way her firm little ass and her stiff tits wiggle when she runs. She's a blonde with creamy white skin 'cause she works in an office and doesn't get enough sun. And I kept her running in our first set, beating her 6-4. By the end of the second, in which she bested me 7-5, we were both perspiring heavily and agreed to quit.

We tripped down the stairs to the fitness center and headed for the ladies' locker room, ready for a shower. Before we got there, though, we saw Sam, who took care of the place, standing outside of the apartment he had up there, watching some girls in bikinis by the swimming pool. Sam is a muscular African-American who is responsible for maintaining the fitness center, arranging the reservations for the tennis courts, etc. Today he was wearing a close-fitting sweatsuit that left little to the imagination. Specifically, the outline oh his big, stiff cock was obvious, from his huge balls up what looked to be about a ten-inch shaft to the cockhead. He was making no effort to conceal what certainly appeared to be a magnificent penis, thick and long and luscious. Sheila noticed it, too. As we approached him she leaned over to me and grabbed my ass-cheek in her fist and whispered, "Do you see that tool?"

“Now that is a male organ," I giggled back at her. We came abreast of him. As he nodded a hello, I came close to him and boldly reached out and touched his cock, stroking it slightly through the thin material of his sweat pants.

"Looks like that needs some attention," chirped Sheila.

"Yes, Ma'am, you wanna do dat?" Sam replied. "If so, y'all just follow me." And he immediately turned and walked into his apartment, leaving the door open behind him.

Sheila and I looked at each other quizzically. "I'm game," said Sheila. I just shrugged and headed through the door with Sheila at my heels.

We followed Sam into his bedroom where he immediately peeled off his sweatshirt to reveal a muscular chest with little hair. I moved toward him quickly, grabbing the top of his sweatpants with both hands and giving them a hard jerk downward. They immediately dropped below his knees and his big, stiff, black cock sprung out from his naked torso. It was truly a magnificent sight. From his huge sack of balls that swung below, a thick ebony erection rose almost to his belly button. Only the head of this giant cock was somewhat lighter in color, more brownish, and pink at the little pee slit, which was already oozing precum.

I reached out and grabbed hold of Sam's penis as I fell to my knees before him. I pushed him back a little and he sat on the edge of the bed as my tongue reached his balls and my fingers closed around the hard, stiff shaft.

Sheila, meanwhile, had stripped off her clothes and had climbed onto the bed, pushing Sam's willing upper body onto his back as she straddled his wide chest and thrust her hairy pussy into his face, cradling his head in her hands and pulling his mouth up to her cunt. "Eat me, Sam. Eat my cunt."

Sam's big, stiff cock was a marvel as it stood proudly before my face. A long crooked vein stood out prominently, running from his huge black scrotum all the way up to his brown cockhead. I ran my tongue along it slowly and then closed my lips over his cockhead. His low gasp and a surge in his cock registered Sam's approval. My head bobbed up and down over the cockhead as my fist closed around the base of his thick shaft. My wet tongue swirled around and over its soft grainy surface. My hand jerked his outer skin up and down as my mouth stretched wide open to take in more of the massive organ. Sam began to thrust his hips upwards, pushing his cock further into my mouth and getting into a rhythm, all the while continuing to eat Sheila's pussy, eliciting moans and shrieks of joy from her.

Sheila looked back over her shoulder to look at the huge cock fucking my mouth. "Ooooohh, I want that, too," she squealed, and suddenly reversed her position turning onto her stomach and facing me and the giant cock. She pushed her pussy back into Sam's mouth, yelling at him, "Don't stop, Sam, keep on eating me. Suck on my clit." Even as she shouted these coarse orders to Sam, she joined me in tonguing his big black cock. I pulled my mouth off the shaft to let her at the cockhead and our tongues met as we licked him together. Sheila's hand went out and around my head, pulling my face to hers even as I continued to jerk on his meat. Our lips met in a long passionate open mouth kiss that included Sam's velvety-soft cockhead.

I was now hot as a firecracker and I could restrain the itch in my cunt no longer. I stood up and stripped off my clothes. I climbed onto the bed on my knees, straddling Sam's torso and lowering my pussy into Sheila's face which was now impaled on the stiff cock. Sam was groaning in ecstasy as I unceremoniously pulled Sheila's head off the cock by her hair and forced my wet pussy over his erect phallus. Sheila shrieked in surprise, but immediately got her tongue onto my clit and began to whip it frantically as she moaned with the joy of Sam's continued licking of her cunt.

Sam was close to cumming. I could feel his cock throb in me as I slid down it all the way to the hilt and then bounced up and down on that sweet hot rod. It felt soooooo sooooo goooood. "Fuck me Sam! Make that big black cock cum in me."

At that very moment, Sheila began to grunt and moan more loudly. "Ohh Gawd YES," she screamed. Don't stop! Don't stop! That's it. YES! YES!" She then went into a long swoon as her orgasm overcame her.

Sam continued to rock his cock upward in rhythm against my frantic bouncing on him. He had a dreamy gaze in his eyes and then suddenly stopped, moaned loudly and I could feel him shooting repeated waves of cum deep into my cunt. Immediately I began to cum, too, and shuddered in ecstasy as my hot juices flowed.

I rose up off the still erect cock. Sam adroitly sprang up easily flipping Sheila over onto her belly. He pulled her up by her ass so that she was on her knees, with her face still down on the bed. In no time he had mounted her doggie style and was pumping his hard black cock into her dripping pussy. I stood behind them and admired his huge ball pouch as it swung in time as he banged his cock into Sheila's box. "You my bitch now," Sam panted as he picked up the tempo. "You my bitch now, 'n I'm fuckin' yo cunt," he told her.

"Yes Yes, Sam. "Fuck me. Fuck Me. I'm your bitch. Oh Yes, Yes," she gasped, "fuck me harder."

I couldn't resist those beautiful balls and I attacked them with my tongue as I held his rocking ass. He moaned with appreciation as I licked his balls and felt him driving his cock deeper into Sheila. When he finally came again, amid Sheila's excited shrieking with joy, I sucked that enormous scrotum into my mouth, tonguing his balls into a massive ejaculation.

Sam withdrew his cock slowly from Sheila's cunt. His cream oozed out of her slit and ran down her thigh. The flaccid black cock glistened with their juices and the sight of this image immediately sent a new surge of desire through my pussy. I gave his cock a long lick and sucked it into my mouth again, loving the taste of their cum. I kept sucking it until that perfect cock was hard and stiff again.

Now we squirreled around on the bed until we had formed a loving triangle. Sam's tongue was already hard at work on my pussy, sending waves of delight through my body as he sucked in my swollen clit. Sheila now was sucking his cock with great zeal, while I licked her cunt. Sam was a master cunt-licker and he had me breathlessly excited in almost no time. This in turn made me drive my tongue deep into her pink hole, sucking in her sweet juices. She tasted yummy. I was so hot now and Sam's great tongue was sending me into paradise. We all came together. Sheila took her mouth off the giant ebony cock as it squirted gobs of pearly white cream all over her face. She continued to jerk it in her hand until the spurts stopped.
