 Life was a whirlwind of change. My divorce decree was finally published, signed, and sealed; dry ink and all.

I continued to live with Carl and Becca, not so much because I had nowhere to go, but I was waiting on my company to make a decision on which city I would permanently work out of. I had requested a transfer to the office I'd been working in for most of the last six months. Anticipating approval of the transfer, I began scouting for an apartment. I knew that as much as I enjoyed staying with them, it could not go on indefinitely. If I wanted to actually have a life, I had to get my own place. For the meantime, though, living under their roof continued to have unique benefits.

I continued to enjoy sexual interludes with Becca. Our lovemaking followed no regular schedule, but it was always satisfying. 

Early in the summer, Carl received an assignment at work that sent him out of town for two weeks, leaving me alone in the house with Becca for the duration. 

On Thursday, issues developed that made a late night at the office inevitable. Becca and I had planned on dinner out together that night, and I called her as soon as I realized I would be unable to make it. She sounded a bit disappointed, but said she would see me at home. She emailed me later to say that she and some friends were going out together and she would be home late, so I'd have to fend for myself for dinner.

I grabbed something at the drive thru on the way home. After I finished eating, I took a shower and decided to unwind by reading. As I had the house to myself and I was pretty sure I would be asleep before Becca got home, I didn't bother getting dressed at all, and lay on my bed naked. The book I was reading held my attention, especially during the sparse, but detailed sex scenes that livened it up somewhat. The sex scenes had the generally intended effect, and my cock hardened as I let my mind wander into the fictional world before me. Almost without realizing it, I began to absent-mindedly stroke my cock. The sensations of arousal gained my attention, and I elected to get myself off. I found a stopping point and set the bookmark. I turned on some light music and crawled back onto the bed to achieve my new objective.

I never heard Becca arrive home. She didn't announce her presence, I just suddenly felt it, and opening my eyes, saw her standing in the doorway. I stopped in mid-stroke, my penis throbbing in my hand.

Becca kicked off her shoes inside the doorway and entered the room. She walked over to the bed and sat down on the edge. She leaned forward, swept the hair back out of her face and kissed me.

"Don't stop," she said. "Let me watch you."

"You want to watch me masturbate?" I asked her.

She nodded lightly, the movement of her head almost imperceptible. "I want to watch you stroke your cock and get yourself off. And unless you object, I'm going to undress and lay beside you while you do it." She bent down and kissed me again, her lips pulling on mine and her tongue finding its way inside my mouth. 

Becca sat up and began to unbutton her shirt. She walked across the room to the desk, and turning to face me, finished opening her shirt, exposing her bra-clad breasts. She unfastened her pants, and wriggling her body, worked them down past her hips, stepping out of them and hanging them on the back of the chair. Next, she shrugged out of the shirt, draping it on top of the pants. Reaching behind her, she unhooked her bra. Slipping the straps off of her shoulders, she bent at the waist enough to allow the cups to fall from her breasts. She dropped the bra to the floor as she hooked her thumbs in the waistband of her bikini panties and peeled them from her hips. 

I had returned my hand to stroking my cock, and I watched with rapt interest as she stood there, massaging her breasts and then walking back towards the bed. Becca crawled onto the bed, bringing her body across mine. As her body straddled me, she purposely dipped her breasts to my mouth. I sucked her nipples in one at a time, alternating and brought my hands up to caress her. She leaned up, making sure to keep herself well above my hard-on. 

"You can suck my tits, but you can only use your hands on your cock. There's no other touching allowed," she said. She guided my hand back to its station and dipped her breasts to my mouth again.

I suckled her tits for a few minutes, during which I saw her begin to finger herself. When her breathing began to deepen, she rolled off of me and onto the bed. She adopted a comfortable position that afforded her a bird's-eye-view of me stimulating myself. She put a hand on my chest and gently caressed me.

"Tell me when you get ready to cum, and I'll let you cum in my mouth," she said. 

I nodded with lust in my eyes as I watched her dip a finger between her legs again. Simply seeing her there was an erotic, sexual stimulus. Watching her pleasure herself only added to it.

I continued to stroke my cock, holding it loosely in my hand, my thumb and forefinger forming a loose circle that rubbed gently around the head of my cock. I could sense my orgasm beginning to build, but still in the distance. Pre-cum appeared on the tip of my cock, and Becca leaned forward, claiming it with her tongue. Pressure began to build in my balls and my cock hardened with impending ejaculation. 

"I'm about to cum," I told Becca.

She maneuvered her body, positioning her head above me. Opening her mouth, she lowered it to me as I aimed my cock between her lips. She replaced my hand with hers and sucked me in and began to receive my cum. I felt my orgasm surge through my body as my cock pumped the semen from my balls. When the surge of my orgasm was past, Becca released my cock from her mouth.

"Do you want to taste yourself?" she asked. I had tasted myself in her mouth before, but at this moment, she was offering to take my semen on her tongue and feed it to me with a kiss. I nodded to her, and she milked my cock for cum. Taking it onto the tip of her tongue, she released my cock and bent forward to kiss me. My mouth opened to receive her, and our tongues made contact, sharing my cum between us.

I lay there as Becca continued to caress my chest. Her nipples were semi-hard. I didn't know if she was at all interested in sex, but decided to ask.

"I think it's your turn," I said.

"You want to watch me, now, is that it?" she asked.

"That or something else. I just thought you might be interested in some pleasure for yourself."

"What kind of "something else" did you have in mind?"

"Would you like me to go down on you?"

"Mmmmm, that would be nice," she said, smiling and moving into a position that would enable me to perform oral sex on her.

I moved between her legs and placed one hand beneath her ass, bringing the other one to her sex. I began to trace gentle circles around her pussy lips, alternating that with teasing the folds of her labia. Leaning in, I began to lick her, slowly getting her wet, first with my saliva and then as she became aroused, her own lubrication. I pressed down gently on the skin surrounding her clitoris, applying subtle pressure as I ran my tongue along the trench of her opening. I dipped my tongue into her, savoring her taste as she began to flood herself with moisture. I locked my mouth over her, pulling on her lips with mine, sucking them in and rolling them between my tongue and my lips. I took my tongue to her clitoris, tracing lazy figure eights and other various shapes around it as she began to breathe ragged and shallow. I looked up at one point, and she had both hands full with her breasts, her nipples hard as she twisted them in euphoria. 

I moved a finger into the center of her sex and gently inserted it. Becca bore down on me as I thrust my finger into her.

"Fuck me with your finger and tongue my clit," she said, breathing a little harder. "Yeah, just like that... a little more and I'm gonna cum."

"Good," I told her. "Cum for me." I resumed doing what she said she needed. 

Becca grabbed handfuls of the sheets and arched her back as her orgasm approached.

"Keep... doing that... Oh... it's starting... it's starting... Oh... Oh... I'm cumming... Oh..." she moaned from deep with in as her orgasm washed over her body.

As her orgasm subsided, she pulled me to kiss her, and we shared the taste of her cum together. 

We lay together for a few minutes, holding each other. A short while later, Becca said it was getting late and that she'd better get to bed. She kissed me goodnight, picked up her clothes and headed for her bedroom. 

I got up and went to the kitchen for some water. When I had finished the glass, I went back to bed.

I think I was almost asleep when I heard her voice.

"Mike?"

"Yeah," I said, rolling over and turning on the bedside lamp.

Becca stood at the threshold of my room. "Can I sleep with you tonight?"

I blinked myself wider awake and fixed my eyes on her, bringing her nude form into focus.

"It's not that I can't sleep," she said, taking a step towards me. "I just don't want to sleep alone."

I beckoned her with a wave of my hand and threw back the covers, making space for her on the far side of the bed. She crawled over me and began making herself comfortable. I watched her as she got the pillow set the way she wanted it and laid down, reaching to pull the sheet up. When she stopped moving, she was laying on her side looking at me, the sheet pulled up to just below her breasts.

I rolled to my right, turning the lamp off, and then settled back into the bed. My eyes slowly readjusted to the darkness and we lay there looking at one another.

I shifted, moving a little closer, and reached out, pulling her to me. I leaned up and planted a kiss on her forehead. I felt her arm snake around me as she snuggled her body against mine, her breast crushing against me. We lay there, side by side, holding each other. I raised her chin and kissed her lips, then cradled her head in my hand, holding her to me as my fingers ran through her hair, massaging her scalp. Becca's arm caressed my back. 

I felt my cock begin to harden as I held her against me. It wasn't out of a desire to take her as much as it was merely an effect of her being there with me, naked against me and the affection that I had for her.

She raised up onto an elbow and drew her face to mine. Looking into my eyes, she stroked my cheek with her fingers, bringing her mouth to kiss me. Our lips danced a private recital, our tongues standing in supporting roles. Becca brought a leg up, pushing it between mine, opening herself. As she did this, the sheet pulled away and exposed her enough that I was able to reach down and caress her hip, running my hand the length of her body, tracing the outline of her breast.

Our lips parted and Becca looked at me with eyes wide open. Both of us were breathing a little harder than we had been.

"You know this is probably the only time we'll ever share a bed together like this," she said. "Probably the only time we can sleep together in every sense of the word.'

"I know," I nodded. It was an intoxicating thought.

"Do you want me?" she asked, laying back enough for me to look down at her. Her beautifully contoured breast rose and fell, crowned with a semi-erect nipple, and I could see the shadow between her legs, where her sex no doubt grew moist with arousal. She reached over and took hold of my cock, which was almost completely hard. "Do you want to make love to me before we go to sleep?"

"I do," I said, cradling her breast in my hand and taking her into my mouth, feeling her nipple harden against my tongue. 

As I suckled her breasts, Becca began fingering herself. She brought my hand down to her pussy, and guided me to caressing her sex. Her womanhood was wet with anticipation. 

"I want you inside me," she said, pulling me to her. I shifted my body, moving between her legs, my cock swaying in front of me. 

Becca spread her legs to receive me. As I positioned myself to mount her, it occurred to me, that though we'd been intimate more than a dozen times, we'd never had sex in the missionary position. She reached up, taking my cock in her hand and pulling it to her.

"Let me do this," she said, swirling the head of my cock in the opening of her pussy, coating me with her body's lubrication, using my cock to stimulate herself. I settled over her, anticipating my penis penetrating her.

She centered the head of my cock in her opening and grabbed my hips, pulling me to her. I slowly leaned forward, thrusting into her gradually, not quite all the way, then withdrawing, easing in a little further, pulling out again and repeating until I was buried to the hilt in her sex.

We began a slow steady rocking motion. She initially fought it as I tried to pull almost all the way out before sinking in again, but then the head of my cock hit the right friction spot for both of us, and then she understood exactly what I was doing.  

"Your hard cock feels so good in me,' she said huskily. "Fuck me, baby. Fuck me with your hard cock."

"I am, baby." I replied, my breathing labored. "I'm gonna fuck you and cum inside you."

Becca told me she wanted to change positions, so I pulled out of her and moved as she rolled onto her side. 

"Lay down behind me," she said, raising her topmost leg. I lay down behind her, my cock slapping against my belly. Becca reached behind her and took hold of my cock. She contorted herself to where it almost appeared she was bent over, and pulled my cock into her from behind.

Somewhat clumsily at first, we found an ungainly, yet stimulating method of thrusting against one another that brought a whole new range of sensory responses into play. Becca moved my hand from her hip to cup her breast and guided me into pinching and rolling her nipple as we fucked. 

She masturbated herself as we rocked together and as I continued to fondle her breast. 

I felt her movements become more deliberate and filled with purpose; her orgasm was approaching. As Becca began the early stages of cumming, she squeezed all of her muscles together, and the sensation on my cock was nearly indescribable. I felt my own orgasm rapidly approaching, and began thrusting more rapidly, building the pleasureable, purposed friction.

"I'm gonna cum, baby," I told her. "I'm gonna fill your pussy with my cum..."

"Do it," she said. "Cum... cum inside me... Unnnnhhhh..."

I began cumming, and she groaned as I thrust into her deeply and with desperation, emptying myself into her. She shuddered for a few seconds, panting and out of breath. 

When I tried to move, she reached back and bade me be still. She pushed herself back against me.

"Don't pull out of me," she said. "Lay there and hold me. When you get soft and fall out, that's fine, but for now, just hold me."

I bent my head down enough to kiss her naked shoulder and I wrapped my arm around her. She again took my hand and placed it on her breast, covering my hand with her own. I felt each rise and fall of her chest.

As we both came down from our sex induced euphoric high, we let the night overtake us, and we drifted off to sleep.