 As the 4th of July approached, we all prepared to enjoy a long weekend. Cooking on the grill in the backyard, watching fireworks and lounging around were high on the agenda. 

On Wednesday evening, Becca came skipping into the living room, her breasts bouncing beneath her shirt as she hopped up and down with excitement

"You won't believe who's coming to see us!" she exclaimed.

"Who?" said Carl, eyebrows raised in curiosity. 

"Kate," Becca replied. "She's got business in Dallas next week, and I convinced her to come stay with us for the weekend." Becca positively glowed with excitement.

"Where's she going to sleep?" Carl asked.

"I don't know," she said, waving her arms in the air wildly. "We've got the roll away, the couch; we'll think of something. Don't be a wet blanket."

"She can take my bed," I offered. "I can sleep on the couch or the roll away."

"No," Carl said, shaking his head, "you're not going to cough up your bed for her to sleep in. We'll think of something else."

"Here's an idea," Becca said, looking at Carl somewhat crossly and folding her arms, "she can sleep with us in our bed, and if it gets crowded, you can go to the rollaway, or the couch."

Becca turned and stormed out of the room. 

"What was that all about?" I asked.

"Kate is a friend of hers that she's known forever; they went to school together. High school, parts of junior high, I think two or three years of college," Carl said.

"Three and a half years of college, actually," Becca said, stepping back into the room and dropping onto the sofa while continuing to stare at her husband. "And the only reason you don't like to see her coming is that she pays more attention to me than to you."

"Sweetheart," Carl said, leaning over to lay his head against Becca's folded arms, "I love to see her cumming... you know that." He let the open innuendo float in the air like the smoke ring from a cigar. "I just wish we could have a little more notice, that's all."

"In case you're wondering what we're really arguing about," she said, turning to face me, "Carl suffers from pussy envy."

I had to laugh. "Pussy envy? I've never heard of that before."

"It's a very rare disease," Carl chimed in, "often misdiagnosed and mistaken for a host of other imaginary and perceived maladies." He looked back at his wife.

"Some of the symptoms include patronizing your wife," she said, holding up a hand to count on her fingers. "Not unlike what you're doing now. Umm, there's being unreasonable about even the simplest of things, like where she should sleep. And most importantly, there is the undeniable and equally inexplicable jealousy based solely on the fact that you have male genitalia and not female genitalia."

I got up to leave the room. No, I was going to leave the house -- this was getting ugly.

"Where are you going?" she asked.

"I'm leaving, to allow you two to duke this out in peace," I said. "I don't need to be here for this."

"Sit down," Becca said, waving me back to my seat. "I'm just venting."

"We always wind each other up a bit when she comes to visit," Carl said.

"No, we do not," Becca countered. Her eyes met Carl's. "Okay, we do get a bit wound up. I get wound up a bit."

"You get really wound up." Carl looked over at me. The look on his face was more 'See what I have to deal with' than 'I told you so.' He looked back at Becca. "Do you want to tell him, or shall I?" he asked her.

"Do I need to find someplace to stay for the weekend?" I asked.

Becca shook her head. "No." She took a deep breath. "Okay. Listen carefully..." I was genuinely curious; I'd never seen Becca like this before.

"Kate's bi. At least with me and two or three other women we both know. She's actually straight, but... when we haven't seen each other for a long time, it's usually pretty intense when we first get together." Becca continued to explain, telling me that she and Kate had discovered their mutual infatuation for one another the summer before they began college. They had been roommates for two years in college and shared a bond that made them as strong as sisters.

"And I really shouldn't say Carl has pussy envy. After she and I have had some really good alone time together, she's not in the least bit shy about fucking him," Becca admitted. She exhaled and relaxed, leaning into her husband as he wrapped his arms around her.

"This is true," Carl said, a sly grin on his face as he hugged his wife.

The rest of the evening was uneventful. Carl and I went to the store for the final weekend food run and Becca began making her own weekend plans.

FRIDAY was almost a waste of a day at the office. Operations started closing down shortly after lunch, and the office was supposed to be closed at least two hours earlier than normal. Monday was the actual holiday, so we were headed into a long three day weekend. The one drawback was some online research that had to be done. I thought homework was behind me when I left college... wrong again.

When I got home, I saw a different car in the driveway, and figured Kate had arrived earlier than expected. I walked in and the only sounds I heard were music playing softly from the stereo and the shower running. 

I walked into my room and saw Kate's luggage sitting there. I figured I would in fact be sleeping on the couch. If that was the biggest problem I faced all weekend, I was going to be fine; I'd slept in far worse conditions, in much less favorable places.

I sat my laptop on the kitchen table and went to pull a book to check something while it was booting up. Book in hand, I had my nose buried in the pages as I walked out of my room and back into the kitchen. Something caught my attention in my peripheral vision, and I looked up just in time to avoid colliding with Kate, who was every bit as startled as I was.

Kate involuntarily took a step back to keep from bumping into me. She had been in the shower, and stood before me completely naked, with wet hair, fumbling to hold a towel in front of her. For the most part, she succeeded in covering herself. I caught only the briefest of a glimpse of one of her almost rose hued nipples, hard and erect, sitting atop her breast. Her hair was shoulder length and blonde with a hint of red to it. Her brown eyes were engaging. She stood almost the same exact height as Becca. Taking a good hard look at her, it was uncanny how much they actually looked alike. Except for the length of their hair, and a slight difference in the shading, they could easily be mistaken, one for the other, at a distance. 

"I'm staring...," I said, "and... I'll stop staring now. Sorry." I took another step back.

She laughed. "I don't mind," she said. "If you're staring, it means I'm either hideously ugly and revolting or you find me attractive. I'm hoping the latter." She finally established positive control of the towel across her body, securing it against the top of her body with an arm across her chest. She hadn't wrapped the towel around her, and my eyes wandered, taking in the curves of exposed flesh at her shoulders and hips, stopping again when I locked eyes with her. She continued to hold the towel in place, while running a hand through her wet hair.

I nodded, smiling with a little embarrassment. "You are very attractive... not revolting at all." We continued to stare at each other. "I'm sorry," I said, "I'm Mike and you must be Kate."

"I am," she said, nodding. "So you're the other man in Becca's life. I've heard a lot about you."

"That's me," I said. "But, I should be in an apartment by the end of the month and Carl and Becca can resume life without my invasive, interfering presence." I took another small step back, giving the space she would need to go to my room without feeling like I was pressing in on her.

"I'll let you get dressed."

"You don't want to see me run around naked?" she asked, walking out of the kitchen and into my room.

"If that's what you want to do, I certainly won't complain," I replied, looking her direction. I caught a good look of her beautiful backside as she tossed the towel aside to put clothes on. She turned to face her luggage, raising her arms to run her hands through her hair as she squatted down, affording me a brief, full view of her nude silhouette. I quickly turned my head back to my computer as she looked my direction, but I knew I'd been caught looking. 

I got my computer searching for a couple of the sites I needed to review for my project, and went back to the book.

Kate stepped back into the kitchen, wearing shorts, but holding a t-shirt against her chest. She draped her towel over a chair, and with practiced skill, snaked her upper body into the shirt while keeping her breasts covered at the same time.

"When is Becca supposed to get home?" she asked.

"I don't know," I said, a little surprised that Kate didn't know either. "She's usually home no later than five-fifteen, I think. I don't know if the holiday weekend will move that up or not."

"She didn't tell me you'd be here so early this afternoon," Kate said, moving towards the refrigerator.

"My office shut down early for the weekend," I told her. "They made sure to tell us not to get used to it."

"Wine?" Kate asked, pulling a bottle from the freezer. Noticing the confused look on my face, she shook her head. "I put this up here to put a chill on it before I got in the shower."

"Sure, I'll take a glass," I told her. 

She poured us each a glass, walked over and sat down at the table beside me.

"Cheers," she said, clinking our glasses and each taking a drink. 

We talked for awhile about our respective jobs. She, too, spent a good deal of time on the road for work, but actually operated out of her assigned office most of the time.

"I can't imagine... literally living out of a suitcase week after week like that," she said, after I told her that most of the previous three years had involved me being in a different city every week until I'd received my recent transfer.

"You get used to it," I told her. "After a while, you even develop certain ways of packing that make it easier to deal with.'

"Yeah, me, too, but still...," she took a sip from her glass. She brought her hand down on the table, knocking on it with her knuckles. "I want to hear how you ended up here. How do you know Carl and Becca?"

"Carl and I were in the Army together, bonded through common, shared suffering... bad meals, sleeping on the dropped ramps or cold, cramped floors of tracked vehicles, loud barracks..."

"Chasing women?" Kate asked.

"Some of that, too," I admitted. "We got out about the same time. He met Becca before we got out, but, for whatever reason, I didn't meet her until last year when I was working up here, commuting every week. I went to dinner with them one night. A couple of weeks later, they invited me to stay here."

"And the rest is history, as they say," Kate said. 

"Yeah. Becca said the two of you go all the way back to junior high."

"A long way back," she nodded. "Best friend I've got. She's the sister that I never had, and I have a sister. How crazy is that? But, I live in Houston, she lives here, so we keep the cell phone company and email providers gainfully employed staying in touch." Kate reached for the wine bottle and poured herself another glass. 

"In fact," Kate said, looking at me, her eyes lighting up, "you remember the first night you slept with her, she was talking on the phone when the two of you started flirting and kissing and groping..."

"She was talking to you?" I asked.

"Yes, she was," Kate said. "And she never tries to get off the phone the way she did that night. I figured Carl was all over her, but when I grilled her for details the next day," Kate paused, laughing, "I was pleasantly surprised to find that my little sister had herself a new lover."

"Little sister?"

"My birthday is a couple of months before hers," she explained. "We kid each other about it. She calls me an old woman, and I call her my baby sister."

"Well, if you want my opinion, you don't look a day over twenty-five," I said. I now knew for a fact that she was twenty-nine.

"Are you hitting on me?" she asked, smiling, a twinkle in her eye.

"No," I said, laughing. It wasn't out of the question, though.

"Probably a good thing," she said, "Becca might get jealous." She dipped a finger into her glass, brought the finger to her lips and sucked it in. 

We heard the front door open and close. I looked at my watch; it was a few minutes before four o'clock. Becca walked into the kitchen.

Both women screamed, and Kate nearly knocked over her glass and her chair getting up. They locked one another in a deep, hard embrace. They released their hold on one another and kissed, their lips melting together. They separated from one another, continuing to hold hands, Becca breathing heavy.

"I see you two met already," Becca said, smiling nervously.

I nodded as Kate answered. 

"We almost bumped into each other, literally. I had just stepped out of the shower and Mike almost got a real eyeful." 

I nodded again, my own smile somewhat on edge.

"We've been sitting here talking," I said.

"I was just telling him that you and I were on the phone together the night you and he first slept together," Kate said.

"I can't believe you told him that!" Becca said. She leaned over and kissed me. "I can see now this is going to be an interesting weekend."

"Why would this weekend be different from any other?" I asked.

The silence hung in the air.

"No reason, I guess," Becca said. Then changing the subject, "Can we shuffle the cars around; get mine in the garage?"

I nodded and we went to move the cars. As I opened the door to get into my truck, Becca grabbed my arm. 

"Were you serious last night about letting her sleep in your bed?" she asked.

"Letting her sleep there and me going to the couch? Yeah. It's not that big a deal," I said.

"Thanks," she said, squeezing my hand.

When we came back in, Kate was in the living room looking through the CD collection. 

"I dropped my luggage in the room by the kitchen. I hope that's okay," she said.

"That's fine," Becca said. "Mike volunteered to go to the couch for you to sleep there."

Kate looked up. "Oh, I..." She was at a loss for words for a second. "I saw the freshly made bed and assumed that... I'm sorry, I..."

"It's not an issue," I interrupted. "We worked it out last night. I'm going to sleep on the couch; you get the bed."

"I'm not gonna bump you to the couch," Kate said. "I can sleep there."

"It's a done deal," I told her. "You get the bed; I take the couch."

"I am going to change clothes," Becca said, turning and heading to her bedroom.

Kate stood looking at me. "So you're willing to give up your bed for me to sleep in?"

"It's not that big a deal," I said. "They consider me family here, and I'm just doing what little I can to help take care of a guest."

"Sweetie, by that yardstick, I've been family for a long time here myself. I appreciate it," Kate said, leaning forward and kissing me on the cheek. "Your noble gesture will not go unrewarded. I'll make it up to you."

"Not necessary," I said.

"I know," Kate said, tilting her head and smiling at me softly. 

We both turned our heads to look at Becca as she walked into the living room. She had removed her pants and shirt, and now stood wearing only her bra and panties. She stepped toward Kate, reaching behind her as she did so, and unhooking her bra. She leaned forward to kiss Kate, her bra falling from her shoulders to the floor. As their lips joined, and parted again before rejoining, I watched their tongues dance together. Becca ran a hand down Kate's back in soft caress, and as the kiss prolonged, Kate reached up and filled one of her hands with Becca's breast. Becca reached down and took Kate's other hand in hers and stood up. Together, they headed to Becca's bedroom.

I sat there smiling to myself. I walked back to the kitchen. I sat down at the table to resume my research. I heard mumbling coming from the back bedroom, and my curiosity got the better of me.

I slipped my shoes off and stepped with slow, deliberate footfalls down the hall, stopping at the doorway. With great caution, I slowly peered into the bedroom, gradually taking more of the room into my view. Their clothing lay on the floor inside the doorway. My first glimpse of Becca was the top of her head as it rolled on a pillow. Looking further in, I saw that she was lying on her back, hands clutching her breasts. Her knees were bent, her feet spread apart to accommodate Kate, who lay between Becca's legs, pleasuring her. Kate was not laying flat; she had her right leg drawn up to her, and with her hands underneath Becca's bottom, holding her. 

I stood there watching for a few minutes. The view was intoxicating, but I wasn't focused on becoming aroused. I was an observer of an erotic moment not meant for me, and I began to feel like I was intruding. I could tell from watching Becca that she was getting close to cumming. I watched as she shuddered through her orgasm, tugging on the sheets and moaning. As Becca's climax faded, I watched Kate crawl up beside her, breasts crowned with erect nipples. Becca opened her eyes, and held her arms wide to receive her lover. She caught me out of the corner of her eye. Becca smiled briefly, shifting to kiss Kate as she fell into her arms. I made the decision to back away, and returned to the kitchen. I heard soft laughter a few moments later.

I continued to hear sounds of amusement and pleasure come from the back room. A short time later, Carl arrived home. He walked in, his hands full with bags of food from the local Chinese kitchen. Dinner was all but served.

"I see Kate arrived?" A question posed; the answer already known, but Carl didn't know how long she'd been there.

"Yes, she did," I replied. "Sometime early this afternoon, in fact."

"And the two of them are?..."

"They are... and have been nearly an hour," I said, looking up at him.

"That's actually a good thing,' Carl said, smiling and sitting down across from me. "They typically go off by themselves, completely alone for awhile. When they come back, things pretty well return to normal."

Carl and I began to get the table ready for dinner. A few minutes later, Becca walked into the kitchen, Kate following closely behind her. Becca kissed her husband hello, and busied herself at the refrigerator, getting drinks ready for dinner. Kate grabbed Carl, hugging him tightly and then kissing him. Becca bumped into me, on purpose.

"You're bad," she whispered into my ear. "But that's okay." She blew softly into my ear, sending electricity through my body.

We sat down to dinner. I listened to most of the conversation as they caught up on recent events and reminisced about past experiences.

After dinner, we moved to the living room. The conversation continued late into the night as we enjoyed one another's company. 

Kate finally mentioned the fact that she should probably get to bed, since she'd been up since well before dawn. Carl said he, too, needed to get to bed, since he had golf scheduled for the next morning. As we began to make preparations for sleeping, Becca got me a pillow and a blanket, and I was all but set for the night.

I went to take a shower. Halfway through my shower, I realized I hadn't grabbed any clothes. Normally not even an issue, I figured it wouldn't be that big a deal for me to walk into my own room wearing a towel to get some clothes. I figured Kate would be asleep, and I could be very quiet. She'd never know I'd been in the room.

I opened the bathroom door and turned out the light. Becca appeared in the doorway of her bedroom, wearing her robe loosely draped on her body. 

"Feeling neglected yet?" she asked as Carl stepped up behind her, naked.
