 (I have tried to experiment in writing a bilingual story. If you have no knowledge of Hindi it won't interest you. But to someone who speaks hindi / urdu it should be interesting. For them when a girl says 'chodo mujhe' has more erotic connotations than fuck me. :)

This a tale of eight college friends...

I would welcome any and all comments.)

*

Kisi kavi ne theek hi kaha tha. Aadmi ke bas do hi chakkar hain. Ek pait ka chakkar or ek pait ke neeche ka. Aur is ke siwa hai bhi kya. Hum ne apne pait ka chakkar bhi theek karliya hai aur apne pait ne neeche ka bhi.

College ka zamana tha. Hum aat dost hamesha saath mein utha baitha karte the. Ye un dianon ki baat hai ke computer technology the revolution India ki economy ko doogna teegna karne wala tha. Hum college ki akher saal mein the. Rita, meri jaan aur girl friend saath saath thi. Aur phir Nasreen, Rana, Juhi, Munaf, Fez aur Rahul. Sab ek doosre ko acchi tarah se jaante the aur chahte the.

Haan. Us zamane mein mera irada tha ke ek din Rita se shaadi karoonga us zamane mein bhi hum choda karte the. Jaise Nasreen Rana ki, Juhi Munaf ki aur Fez Rahul ke saath ek hua karte the. Magar yeh bhi sach hai hum ek doosre ke bare mein sexual qayalaat bhi rakhte the. Agar Fez meri dost na hoti ya dost ki girlfriend na hoti to uski regal sensuality par mein zaroor qurban hota. Kam se kam usey ek baar to chodta. Aur agar Juhi Munaf ke saath na hoti toh kamas kam ek baar use gudiya ki tarah uthata aur usey apne lund par bithaata. Agar Nasreen Rana ki dost na rahi hoti toh main bas uski gaand ke chume le kar uske tits masalta.

But that is quite natural, isn't it. Twenty something kids have raging hormones that want to fuck anything that has a cunt. Shit, sometimes even just an ass. But we kept our fantasies to fantasies. We never let them control us, though everyone knew that we would like to fuck each other's girls at the drop of a hat.

Pata nahin ye debate kaun cheda. Ye wohi baat hui jo sadiyon se insaan ke liye a masla bane hue hai. Ye koi yaad hi nahi raktha ke kisi fight mein pehla pathar kis ne phenka, kis ne pehli lat chalai. Baat exam se do mahine pehle ki hi. Hum Fez ke ghar par hamesha ki tarah baith kar padh rahe the. Mujhe shak hai ke ye zaroor Rahul ke imaginative mind ki kartoot thi. Magar ek debate ban gayi.

Yeh ke Free Sex naam ki cheez hamare samaaj mein nahi zinda reh sakti. It was against the human nature. Man may want to share his everything but not his woman, a woman in some societies is forced to share her man but does so reluctantly. 

Aur hua bhi yoon ke ladke ek taraf ho gaye, aur ladkiyan ek taraf. Hum yeh kehte rahe ke yeh mumkin hai, hum mein se koi bhi ek doosre ki girl ko ek raat ke liye udhar de sakta hai. Of course shart yeh ke girl friend razi ho. Magar kya hum sab ek saath ek kamre mein ek doosre se chudai kar sakte hain. Kisi na kaha kyon nahin. Agar dil se mohabbat ho to badan ka koi bhaav nahin.

Baat chalte chalte khareeb ek ghanda guzar gaya. Fez akhir kaar sab ko shush kiya. "There is no point in discussing this. Unless an experiment can be satisfactorily conducted there is no point in debate."

"Then let's do the experiment". Rita said.

"How?" Munaf questioned.

"I think she is on to something." Rahul said.

"Yeah, how?" Juhi piped in.

"Well, simple. Let us all plan a week long holiday after exams, somewhere remote and far off, let us put ourselves there, let us remove all laws regarding sexual propriety and see how we react."

"I still don't get it." Juhi pursed her lips.

"What's not to get. A simple game like truth or dare could be played to see what our boundaries are. Don't you feel at times you want to test the limits and boundaries, see how you would go on a sexual level?"

"I think I catch the drift." Fez said in her soft voice. "But I am sure we could come up with something more innovative than truth or dare. And I think I know of a place too. It will take us a little trouble but what was worth without trouble."

"Main toh bas ek budhu hoon. Kya keh rahi ho?"

"Yehi ke hum apne exam ke bare mein soncho." Main beech mein koodh pada.

Do teen awaz ek saath: "Tum se kis ne poocha?"

"Okay okay. Rita tu samajh rahi ke Fez jya keh rahi hai."

"Haan. Samajh rahi hoon."

"Bas toh aisa karte hain ke tu aur Fez ek saath baith kar plan banao. Agar kuch kaam delegate karma ho toh hum hain yahan. Jab kuch samajhdaar plan ban jaaye toh hamein batana. Theek."

"Kya kehti hai Fez? Theek hai?" Rita Fez ki taraf dekh kar apne eyebrows chadaye.

"Done. Aur pehli meeting kal hum lunch par kareinge okay." Fez ne kaha. "Aur baqi sab log, meet hear after the last day of your exam."

Idhar kuch hum apne apne exam ki chakkar mein us tarah nahin mil rahe the jaise pehle milte, sub ke papers alag alag din aura alag waqt par the. Main us raat ke bahut dair tak Rita ke saath raha. Hum dono ek park ke kone baithe ek doosre ko necking karte rahe. Who jhuk kar ahista ahista mera lund choosti aur main apni ungli uski choot mey andar baher kar raha tha. Jab use wapas ghar chodhne ke liye motorcycle par baitha toh yaad aaya kal Den mein milne ka plan tha. Main ne us se poocha who taal gayi muskarate hui ke kal maloom hojaye ga.

Doosre din hum sab ek ek karke jama hone lage. Munaf, it was understandable, came last. Paseene se tar and smelly, hum sam ne usey bathroom mein dhakal diya ke pehle paani naha le. Jab who paani naha kar ek naye pair (kayi pants aur shorts hamare yahan raha karte the) kapde pahen kar aaya toh Rita ne Fez ki taraf muskara kar kaha:

"Fez, you have the floor."

"Okay guys. Remember the plan we had of taking an experimental vacation on free love, on testing the boundaries and limits of our sensuality? Well the plan is ready, listen to it first, then each of you one by one go to the coffee table there and pick a paper, YES or NO. Cast your votes. This experiment will not go forward if there is even one NO. Right? Got it?"

"Yeah sure, what is the plan?"

"Taher na besabar. The plan is simplest we could think of, we thought many and discarded them, and only this simple one seemed to work best, maybe because of its simplicity..."

She saw a few fidgety people and continued.

"Okay okay. The plan is this. We will all go to the house on the cliff. You know my father bought that piece of land and it came with a old house build apart from everything else. He had it refurbished and sometimes flies there for a quite weekend. I have asked him and he has loaned it to us. We will go there all eight of us. No one will disturb us, the moment we reach there all rules pertaining to sex will become suspended. Hold on."

She took a sip of water. "But we thought nothing might happen if we just left it at that. So we decided that all of will play cards. And everything we do will be decided through it. It is like this. A card is dealt to everyone. Jo sab se bada card paye ga woh jeeta, jo sab se chota card, woh haar gaya. Harne wale ko jeetne wale ki ek baat man ni padegi."

"Har baat?" Juhi ne poocha.

"Haan Juhi har baat, however absurd or outlandish it may be."

"Isn't that dangerous? Say for example I may win and you lose. I ask you to kill Raj..."

Fez looked at him with an enigmatic smile. "If you add that I make love to him first and then kill him then even that would be testing some sort of sexual limits na? But we are sane people who love each other, I am sure we won't let anything that hurts someone happen."

"Any other rules?"

"Yes, several. One: what happens there will be left there, nothing should affect our lives. We all are couples and will remain so. Two: We will leave all prejudices about sex, looks and life here."

"Anything else Maharani ji?" Rahul joined his palms and asked.

"Mahrani ke bacche, yes. There are a few things that all of you have to do, a few errands." She gestured towards Rita who got up and distributed a few papers to each, making sure to read the name on top and each got the right one.

Mere parche par Mera aur Nasreen ka naam likha hua tha. "Your job is to get everyone's sizes and get for them the sexiest possible clothes, two pairs each." I looked at Nasreen and made a stupid face. But it was a good choice. She was the most well versed in fashion and I knew a few things about clothes.

Rahul leaned towards me and showed me his paper. He and Rita were to go find as many sex toys as they could, dildos, vibrators, double dildos, chains, clamps, BDSM things, a whole list of them.

Munaf and Fez would look after food and beverages, while Juhi would team with Rana and get all the best music and movies they could. A few porn and soft porn too.

"And... and just in case we don't end up without one, everyone will bring a pack cards."

"When do we go." I asked.

"On Sunday. Three days from today. Dad told me he could send us there in his chopper but I told him we wanted to be a little rough adventure and we would take the Cherokee. It will take us at least eight hours to reach there. So meet us here a day before to check everything is there and stay here if possible, we can that way leave early in the morning."

We had fun after that, I pretended to use my hands to check the sixes, cupping my hands to see the girls' bra sizes. We laughed a lot as we always did. We passed around a bottle of wine that we took a slug of and passed it on.

.* * *

"Jai Shiv Shankar..." Rahul called out seeing the pile of things when he arrived on Saturday evening. "How long we plan to live there? A few years?"

"Chup hoja and help get the things stuffed into the jeep.

"And cards." Rahul asked and everyone produced a packet.

I lay on the couch and stretched myself. I was the designated first driver. I though I had better have a good night's sleep. I had funny dreams that night. I dreamt that I was fucking Rita and suddenly I saw that she had changed to Juhi, while Fez was holding her cock in hand and fucking Rita in a corner. I woke with a start, saw Rahul sprawled on the carpet and went back to sleep.

Fez woke us up early in the morning at dawn and her mother Nisha hovered over us telling us to take care and not get into trouble. Nisha, by the way, was a pure bred highest category MILF, whom every lund in the room saluted. We had our little tastes of the lady at one time or another, but that is another story.

We started with a lot of noise and fanfare. I took the wheel while Rita sat next to me and Munaf next to her in the front. The others had made comfortable places for themselves and were singing away. The drive was beautiful. We passed long stretches of fields, yellowing a bit in the summer sun. Colorful people. We stopped from time to time to have a cup of tea or snacks. We turned off the main road and the journey became a little rough. 

I changed places with Rahul and he drove for a while. Then Nasreen took turn and last Fez who knew the tricky last part of the territory.

"Yaar ye kaun ghada yahan veerane mein ghar banaya hoga."

"Arey, raha hoga koi zindagi ka mara, kisi ladki ne dil tod diya aur woh chala aya yahan philosopher banne." Munaf explained to us.

"Arey nahin, tumhe pata nahin.... Bahut saal purani kahani hai ke ek zamindar ko ek untouchable se ishq hogya...." He began with his usual dramatic style. Everyone laughed and listened to his cock and bull tale.

We reached just as the sun had begun to lose some of its intensity. Still a good hour or two before dark. 

"Suno, aisa karte hain ke sab samaan utarkar rakh denge, aur phir yahan paas mein ek jharna hai wahan ke thande paani se zara sustalein."

We dragged the samaan in and trooped to the stream, the water was pleasantly cool. We dipped our feet and some lay on the grass. After a while feeling much better and the sun going down we trooped back to the house. Fez told us that someone had come last week and checked all the appliances and switched them on. So it was. The windmill behind the cottage generated enough electricity for the house. The fridge was working, we stored our food and a few bottles of wine there, rest went into the cabinet under the sink. We took everything else and helped Fez rearrange the furniture. She ordered us to get all the rugs in the house and piles them here in the large living room.

"From now on this living room will be our home. Everyone lives here changes here, sleeps here."

"So when do we start the card game?" Munaf asked.

"Two choices." Rita said. "We can all rest for a while, take shower, change into something a little more attractive, sip a little wine, relax and then start. Or now."

"Lets vote. I say I need a shower." Munaf said.

"Let us." I added. "I for one would like to see the babes washed and fresh."

"And vice versa." Juhi smiled back.

"Hey I thought there were some special sexy clothes in the kitty. Why not wear those?" Rahul had the idea.

"No, keep them for later. Sab ek saath khol dhega, abhi toh aayein hain, zara sabar kar." Rita ke kaha.

"Aisa mat kahe Rita. Isi umeed par baitha hoon ke aaj char char kudiyon ke kore kore badan se apni ankaon ko swarg pohchaoonga. Tu ne meri umeed par pani pher diya. Ja ab main bhi yahin khandar main reh kar apni zindagi guzar deta hoon." Rahul ne badi roti si surat bana kar kaha.

"Lelele... meri jaan koi baat nahin. Main yahan aakar tere liye swimming suits main pose karoongi."

"Agar aisa hai toh theek hai." 

Sab hans pade aur Rita aur Fez pehle bathrrom sabhal liya. Kyon ke yaha do hi bathroom the aur two at a time hi paani naha sakte the. Hum ne unhe kaha ke bhaiyya dair na karna, makeup mein saar waqt laga dogi toh hum yahan baithe hi rek jayein ge. Toh unho ne bataya ke woh toh pani nahaayeingi, makeup sub udhar us kamre mein hoga.

Woh paani kafi jaldi naha kar baher towel lapete hue niklien toh sitiyan bajne lage. Phir doosri batch girls ki andar gayai.

Main aur Rahul last mein paani nahae. Bahar nikal ka dekhe toh ladkiyan abhi tak kamre main ghusi huin hain, magar kaanch ki khidki se baher Munaf aur Rana barbecue par kuch ghost bhoon rahe the, dekh kar bhook lag gayi. Sare ladke baher baith kar wine ke ghoont lete aur garam bhoona ghost ka intezaar karte rahe 

Paanch minute ke baad Juhi ne apna moon khidki se nikal kar kaha. "Kya dinner ready hogya."

"Bas ek do minute ki deri hai meri jaan. Tum zara plates waghaira nikalo main lata hoon, aur thanda bottle bhi nikalna na bhoolna."

Ek bade se thaale main ghost ke saare tukde daal kar Munaf aur hum sab andar aaye. Dekha ki ladkiyan badi ban than ke bheti hui hain. Main ne kaha. "Wow. Tum log toh lagta hai kisi party mein jaane ke liye tayyar hui hain."

"Kyon Rita ke saajan, kaho toh wapas wohi jeans T-shirt pahen lein. Hum ne soncha tha ke tum log khush hoge." 

"Nahin Nasreen bibi, khushi se phoole nahin sambhale ja raha hai. Zara sab uthkar humein ek catwalk kar ke batao toh ke kaisi lagrahiein hon."

"Na na. Jo bhi dekhna hai ab himmat ho toh jeet kar dekh lo."

"Yeh bhi theek hai." Main bhi neeche sab ke saath baith gaya. Ek gosht ka tukda ek paper plate par sambhal kar main araam se khaane laga. Rana cards ka packet nikal kar usmein se jokers alag karne laga aur ek mahir ki tarah shuffle karne laga. "Batoon main?"

Sab ne ishara kiya toh woh ek ek patta sab ko baat ne laga. Main apna patta uthakar dekha, Spades ka king tha. Is patte toh meri jeet ho sakti thi, haar zaar namumkin tha. Muskarakar doosraon ko dekhne laga. 

Kismat bhi kabhi kabhi chanchal ka saath deti hai. Rahul ke diamonds ka ace tha aur meri Rita ke paas ek duggi. "Ahaa..." usne muthi upar uthakar kaha. "Ab aaya hai oont pahad ke neeche. Rita tum is gang mein sab se acchi dancer ho, chalo ek dance karke batao. Zaar accha sexy dance hona chahiye."

Mujhe pata tha ke woh sexy dance kitna accha karti thi, hips matkanein mein mahir thi aur jab jhatke deti tu mera lund khada hojata. Mujhe yaqeen tha ke aaj bas paanch cheh minute ke andar ek nahin balke char lund khade hojayeinge.

Juhi ne music shooru ki. Rita ahista se uthe hue apna dance shuroo kiya, woh naachti hui center main aayi, aur jaisa music ki beat thodi tez hui woh apna hips ko jhatke dene lagi. Hum sab ne loaferaon ki tarah seeti bajai aur bahut khoob kehne lage. Woh zara mast hokar aur thoda naacha phir apne knee length skirt ko thoda utha kar lehraya aur hir baith gayi.

Main ankaon ke kone se dekh raha tha that dono Munaf aur Rana were changing their position. Certainly it was that these two were trying to hide the bulge. So, I thought, yeh dono agar mauqa mila to Rita ko chodne na nahin kahen ge. Waise bhi is room mein shayad hi koi tha jo doosre ko na kahega. Main ne soncha ke kyon na main apne aap ek khel kheloon. Ek ek ki sexuality ki rating karloon.

It was certainly a meaningless exercise but it would be fun. I will start with Rita. Meri jaan, jise main bahot chahta tha, jis se ek din shaadi karne ka irada bhi rakhta tha. Mujhe pata tha ke ye bistar mein kitni garam thi, magar yeh khayal bi rehta ke woh khul kar fuck nahin kar rahi hai, kuch reserved si hojati hai chodte waqt. Acche bade tits the, aur waise bhi mujhe pata chal gaya tha ke sab ka exact figure kya hai. Rita size 35 ki thi, C cup ka bra pehenti thi jis mein uske mamme badi acchi tarah bhar jaate the. Kabhi kabhi woh zara chota size ka pahenti thi jab use cleavage batana hota. Jaise ke aaj lagta tha ke woh ek size chota pehna hai. Her cleavage showed tantalizingly today, promising of full breasts to the taker. Uski ankein hali brown color ki jo kafi expressive theen. Naak choti si, bas aisi ke uske chehre pe acchi lage. Hont medium size ke jis par normally halke rang ki lipstick lagai rehti. Aaj toh us ne bada makeup kiya tha. Kajal, shadow, blush aur gehre orange rang ka lipstick jo mujhe bulata hua nazar aaya. Halke orange rang ki skirt jo bas knees se thode hi upar tak aati thi aur sufaid blouse. 

Ek khisam ki pride bhi mahsoos ho rahi thi ke meri kudiya itni sexy thi ke yahan har mard use chodne ki tammana zaroor karta hoga. Jab mera khayal usey doosraon se chudawne ke taraf gaya toh mera lund aur bhi khada hua aur main jaldi se apna position badla aur khel ki taraf dhyan dene laga. Juhi ek naya bottle lakar khola aur pass karne lagi. Taash ke patte Rita ne sambhale aur baatne lagi. Rana haar gaya aur Juhi ne jeeta.

Juhi khushi se chilla kar boli ke use Rana ko wohi dance karnwana hai jo Rita ne kia tha. Sab nahin ki awaz lagae, Rana aur dance dono zara alag alag cheez the. "Acha, tehro. Main sonchti hoon. Haan tum apne zindagi mein pehli baar jab love kiya tha us ke baare meinbatao."

"Love, yeh love kya, yani mohabbat.?" Rana ne poocha.

"Arey tum jaante ho main kya keh rahi hoon."

"Yaar use chudai kehte hain." Rita ne kaha.

"Haan wohi." Juhi jaldi se bol padi.

"Aise kaam nahin chalega Jaan, khul lar kehna padega." Rana hans kar bola.

Juli laal hokar kaha. "Okay okay, apni sab se pehli chudai ke details batao."

Mujhe toh yeh pata tha. Yeh jab 18 saal ka tha toh ghar ke padosan ne usey seduce kiya tha aur ek dopahar mein usey apni virginity de baitha. 

Main Juhi ko dekhne laga. Agar contemporary aspect se dekha aaye toh charon ladkiyon mein sab se zyada plain aur seedhi thi. Magar ek ajeeb si flavor tha us ki personality main jo har ek ko uski taraf dobarah dekhne par majboor tha. She was modest in the boobs and ass department. But she made up for it with lips that were perfect. With eyes that were so sexy that sometimes I felt even she didn't know the effect they had on others. Looking deep into her eyes could give you an erection, the expressive eyes could flutter and you might want to shoot your semen in your pants. The promise of flavor, taste and electricity was more than ten times any foreplay.

I had a vision that this shy girl would turn out to be a screamer if the right buttons were pressed. My hand went to my crotch involuntarily and my eyes strayed to Fez. She was watching me, with eyes that seemed to sense what I was thinking; she crinkled eyes and let them wander slowly, so I could see, to my crotch. Then her hand fluttered from her side and moved between her thighs.
