 This story is about five consenting adults that engage in a polyamorous relationship. There is a strong sexual content, including lesbian scenes. There is also a fair bit of philosophy in the story about how and why relationships like this take place. If this isn't for you, please move on; if it is, please enjoy my early writing attempts. I urge you to VOTE as you finish each section of this five-part story. Thanks for your support. 

Please read the earlier parts to understand the characters and unfolding situation in this story. No one part can standalone from the others.

*

The weekend was the usual whirlwind of home projects and clean up of administrative work I didn't or couldn't take the time to do during the week. Saturday evening we went out to dinner with some friends from our old condo complex; I could swear the wife was coming on to me but I didn't respond. Trish and I made love after we got home and then went to sleep wrapped around each other; I was sending her lots of "I love you" thoughts in my dreams. We had more conversation on Sunday about extending our relationships and ended the day making love again. 

Monday, I was up early. I got to kiss everyone good-bye, pack a bag, hit the office for a few hours, and then fly to Alperion's headquarters in Camp Forge.

I stopped by Jan's office, but June, her secretary told me she was in meetings the rest of the day. June looked really down for a Monday morning. I tried to kid around with her a bit and lighten her day, but she didn't seem receptive so I went on to my office.

I was working on the new project for Jan's Division – the redesign of three different systems. I spent part of the day on the phone getting some of the staff in my Boston office to work on the jobs and then put in some hours on things myself.

I'd told June I'd try to see Jan again tomorrow, however, at the end of the day about eight o'clock, I stopped by Jan's office again; I was looking for a dinner partner since I had significant hunger pains that another cup of coffee wasn't going to solve. June was gone and Jan's door was still closed and I could hear multiple conversations being the door indicating that whatever the meeting was, it was still going on hot and heavy.

I headed to the Hilton, checked in, ordered room service and had just finished a sandwich and a small bottle of wine when there was another knock on my door. I figured it was room service to collect the tray. I opened the door and there stood Jan with a happy expression on her face. She said, "You really do live in room 183 here, don't you?" and walked past me into the room carrying a small bag and her briefcase. 

She set her bags down and turned and walked into my outstretched arms. We kissed and I expressed surprise and happiness that she had found me. I asked about dinner and, no, she hadn't eaten. We ordered up some more room service.

While we waited for her dinner to arrive, Jan produced a sedate one-piece bathing suit from one bag and proceeded to disappear into the bathroom to change. "If I change out there," she said, "we'll be in a compromising situation when room service arrives and I'll still be hungry and won't want to stop." I allowed as how her assumption was probably accurate.

I popped on my trunks and when she emerged she stopped at the bathroom door, struck a sexy pose and went "Tah dahhhh." Sixty seconds later we were in the hotel pool just outside my hotel room door. I hopped out of the pool about twenty minutes later when I saw room service wheeling a dinner in the direction of my room. I signed the chit and let the valet wheel out my old meal and in the new one. He didn't blink an eye that I was having two dinners in one evening.

Jan had watched me disappear and come to the room. She devoured the salad and sandwich. I poured us both some wine and we toasted Monday.

"You sure were busy all afternoon," I said. "I stopped by a couple of times, but you were deep into something."

Jan said, "Oh, it's about a new accounts payable system. All the one AP wants to do is duplicate the old one except run it on some new IBM platform. That's all the purchasing and AP people want to do before we spin off the Nascent Division. We'll end up with the same errors and inefficiencies that we have today, plus it'll ripple across the rest of the company and lock us in to an old way of doing business for years. I really want to see us make some attempt to change things before we spin off this part of the business next year."

"Why the unwillingness to make any changes? I asked.

"Well, the purchasing and AP groups are both sure that anything we do will be more costly to the bottom line today, and they don't want to spend the money. If I could think of a good design, it would be one that would be cheaper to build and implement that just a carbon copy replacement. Their concern is with the development work and, I guess, how hard it is to implement any changes. This one is a big ticket item."

I said, "I'll think about that as a challenge and let you know if I think of anything." 

With that, I dropped down out of my chair onto my hands and knees on the floor and starting growling and crawling over to Jan's chair. She uncrossed her legs as I got nearer. I started at her toes, licking up her ankles, and then her calves, paid special attention to her knees and the little hallow behind her knees, then went onto her thighs and finally ended up growling and blowing hot air through the swimsuit material into her crotch.

Jan relished every bit of attention I was delivering and held my head gently while I blew and licked around her thighs and groin. Finally, she pulled me up so I was arched over her seated position. She said, "We should really get out of these damp swim suits, you know."

"I agree. Body rot will set in if we don't," I offered. We kissed and I pulled the straps of her suit off shoulders with my mouth, and then used my teeth to pull down the front of her suit exposing her luscious breasts. I tongued and sucked each tit until the nipple rose to such an excited state that the end turned white. Jan reached over and pulled my swim trunks down in one sweeping motion. My waterlogged penis swung in front of her and she pulled me to her and encased my unit in her mouth and started sucking. I thought, "Houston, we have lift off!"

I pulled us both towards the bed rather than continue standing in this awkward position. Jan pulled her suit off the rest of the way and then knelt over my prone figure, reconnecting with my rod and the blowjob she'd just started. I let her go on for a few minutes and then I pushed her over on her back and put my mouth to her pussy and started cunnilingus. She was enraptured. 

She brought her hands down to her breasts and massaged them, keeping the nipples erect and pointed. At one point she pulled first one breast and then the other into her mouth and sucked on her own tits while I was sucking and blowing on her pussy. She then put a hand down to join my ministrations on her pussy, helping me find her clit and massaging it when my tongue and fingers were in another part of the area.

Finally, she lifted off the bed in a climax that made her shake all over. "Oh, wow. Come up here and kiss me like I've never been kissed before," she said. I moved up and tried to honor her request.

Finally, she said, "Fuck me. I've wanted your cock in me all weekend. I even tried some veggies and I can assure you they aren't the same."

I raised an eyebrow as I rolled her over into position to penetrate. "I'm the cucumber of your dreams," I jested, and with that I slowly worked my dick into her cunt. As I hit bottom, Jan said, "Why, yes, you are Mr. Potato head," and kissed me hard. 

We hit a nice rhythm having to turn and shift directions since the bed started to hit the hotel wall, sending signals throughout the building wing that someone was knocking off a piece of tail. Jan came up over me for a while, had a few small orgasms, and then we both had near simultaneous spasms of bliss and wrapped our selves into each other.

After a few minutes, I again dropped down and started to suck and chew around Jan's pussy. "Oh, wow, you're going to bring me off again," she said, and with that her back arched and she sighed deeply signaling that another climax had just washed over her. 

We kissed and fondled each other and made love once more before Jan slipped on some shorts and a singlet, kissed me goodnight, collected her bags and headed home. "I can't show up at work wearing the same outfit I had on today. Everyone will guess what happened. Not so bad for you, but for me they'll know." And with that she kissed me once more and was out the door.

For the next couple of weeks we fell into a routine. When I was around I'd leave a message on her cell phone. That evening we would get together, usually at her house, take a five-mile run, eat dinner at one of the many restaurants in the area, and then go back and make love. Sometimes I'd sleep over and sometimes I wouldn't. The Hilton maid service was getting off easy; many days they didn't have to service my room since it was untouched.

About two weeks into this routine I had a brainy idea about how to help her with the accounts payable system. I booked an appointment with her secretary, June, whom I suspect by now had figured out that something was going on between Jan and I. 

June was a good-looking woman in her late twenties. She was a longhaired brunette, with a trim figure and a very nice pair of legs I seldom got to see for they were usually behind her desk. Her face usually had a smile and showed warmth of personality few others in the world had. She liked other people, had a sense of humor, and seemed to welcome my presence in her office area. Occasionally, I'd stand in her doorway and flirt with her when Jan was out; I was really just kidding around and being nice. I was a little worried about her, however, for the past few weeks she'd always seemed preoccupied and I couldn't get more than a rare smile from her.

At my appointment time I showed up at Jan's office. Jan ushered me in and purposely left the door open. I started right away so June could here the business nature of our conversation, "You mentioned to me a couple of weeks ago about the accounts payable system, and how you were looking for a way to reduce the cost of developing and implementing its replacement and, at the same time, making some real innovations in the process. Well, I think I have an idea that you might find interesting."

Jan was surprised at the topic and me, and making sure that no one could see in, gave me a wink and hiked her skirt up about six inches so I could see her great legs. I grinned and stuck my tongue out at her. "Go on," she said, "I'm all ears." I laughed at her tease.

I outlined how their current process depended on matching paper copies of three things: invoices, bills of lading, and purchase orders. "The '80-20 rule' applies," I said. "Most of the time everything matches and you use they AP system to issue payment, but in about twenty percent of the cases they don't and that's where people spend most of their time, trying to figure out why one or all of the documents are different from each other."

"My idea is to create a very simple central database. Purchasing enters some info about approved purchases – the purchase orders. When things arrive at any of the buildings, the guys on the loading dock check with that database to make sure we ordered the stuff. If we did they accept it and so note in the database. We don't really need an invoice; in fact, it gets in the way. If we have the stuff we ordered, we pay or we pay in thirty days or whatever the terms of purchase were."

I went on, "I ran the numbers on the back of an envelope and at most it would take about $1 million to build the system, test it out to Alperion standards and implement it across the company. This is not rocket science. Further, it changes the whole basis of how accounts payable operates and makes it easy to do the spin offs. I don't know what numbers you're working with to build the replacement, but I bet they're higher. Implementation is more an issue of convincing people than of training them on a new technology and system."

Jan was quiet for a moment as she studied the flip chart I had been sketching on. I kept quiet to let her think. Finally, she said, "The estimates we have for replacing the current systems with new ones are over $20 million. Not only that but the technology they want to put it on is sort of risky since we've never used it in this company."

I offered, "You could run my database on any mid-size computer that could be networked. You don't need a mainframe. You can archive the data after the payment has been made and keep the active file size small. Not only that, but you don't need all those people checking all those mismatched pieces of paper – give them more meaningful work to do."

Jan whistled. "Wow," she said. "This is mind blowing."

She paused again, then yelled out the door, "June, can you see if Kirt Jennings from Purchasing, or Dan Matthis from Accounts Payable can join us right now?"

We talked further and I answered several of her questions. June then appeared in the doorway with pad of paper in hand. "Kirt and Dan will be up in a few minutes." She waited for further instructions, but Jan had leaned back into the table asking me more questions about how the new set up would work; June left.

My idea was a hit. Jan cancelled several other meetings and we met the rest of the day with Kirt, Dan, and then several other people as Jan kept adding to the assemblage of people in her office. My concept and estimates withstood the onslaught of questions and challenges and finally Jan suggested that we all think about this overnight and restart the session the next day at nine o'clock. I didn't realize that it was 6:30 p.m. and the whole day had past. Everyone cleared out of Jan's office and headed home. The two of us sat there relishing the fact that the maelstrom of the day had past.

June had been in place outside Jan's door all day, madly re-arranging Jan's schedule for the next day. She'd come to the door finally and looked appreciatively at me, as though I had done something really special for her. I smiled and gestured for her to come in and join us. "Jan and June", I joked as I was packing up my briefcase, "the 'J twins'"; we laughed. Jan said, "June, we're about to head off to dinner. Can you join us?"

There was no explanation about the two of us eating dinner together, even on such short notice. June just said quietly, "Great, where shall I meet you?" We conferred a few moments and decided to meet at Whitney's Pub, a new place about five miles north on Route 125; this was also not too far from Jan's house. 

I looked at Jan to test the waters after June had left; she reached over and squeezed my hand. "You'll like June," she said. "She's my right-hand person and very special. I'm overdue thanking her for all the extra time she's put in and a lot of other things. Dinner will be a small price to pay for all her effort." I nodded.

Two hours and three bottles of wine later, the three of us walked out of Whitney's feeling pretty mellow and knowing much more about each other than we had walking in. I'd learned that June had broken up with a guy she'd been living with the past three years only three weeks prior; that explained her long face and quiet demeanor the past few weeks. She perked up during dinner and came out of her shell. She was quite vivacious.

As we left Whitney's and much to my surprise, Jan turned to June and said, "Come to my home. We'll have some after dinner drinks or whatever?" June nodded and said, "I'll follow you there." Three cars exited the parking lot and headed to Jan's house.

We all arrived in trail, parked and walked with Jan up to the front door. Jan opened the door and flipped on some lights and we all went in. Jan turned to me and said, "Why don't you get us some liqueurs, and, oh yes, serve it to both of us in your usual style." She, in turn, dimmed the lights and lit some candles that bathed the living room in a friendly and warm glow.

I went rigid – physically as well as mentally. Jan was sending all sorts of messages simultaneously. First, she was clearly showing June that I knew my way around her home and where things like the liqueurs and glasses were kept. Second, and more importantly, she was signaling to me that I should serve the liqueur by drinking it myself and then injecting it into June's mouth from my own in a French kiss, the same way I had been doing with her to get her in a romantic mood. 

I shot Jan a glance to be sure I was understanding her suggestion. She had intense eye contact with me at that instant and a devilish grin on her face. She seductively ran her tongue across her lips and winked at me. June saw none of the interchange.

I did as Jan has suggested, arriving a moment or two later with a small tray of glasses and a choice of liqueurs. I was the perfect host. I asked June what her preference was, and she selected the B&B – Brandy and Benedictine. I asked Jan if she wanted "her usual Kahalua", but June didn't seem to notice that I knew Jan's preference. I poured both glasses, ignoring my own for the moment. 

I then walked over to June and knelt before her. She watched questioningly as I took a sip from her glass and then cooperated as I reached up and pulled her head to me for a kiss. She responded automatically and kissed me, somewhat unsure of what was happening. When I probed with my tongue, she allowed its entry but then her eyes shot open with surprise as I injected the sip of B&B I'd taken into her mouth. I glanced at Jan to be sure I was doing the right thing. She smiled and nodded encouragingly. 

June went over the top at the sensuous kiss. "Wow!" she said as soon as our lips parted. "Now THAT's what I call a kiss!" She looked to Jan to be sure what had just happened had her blessing. Jan smiled back and gestured to me as though to say to June, "Have at him."

June grabbed my neck and pulled me to her again. We kissed and rummaged around in each other's mouths for a few minutes. Our temperatures were both increasing and I was getting a significant erection. I gave June several more French kisses using the B&B.

I got up and went to Jan, who was seated alone on the sofa. I sat down next to her and pulled her to me. I reached out and took a drink of Kahalua from her glass, and then repeated the delivery process on her. She hummed contentedly in my mouth as an erotic little gesture of acceptance and happiness about what was happening. 

Jan then started undoing the buttons on my shirt. June just sat and watched as Jan worked on my clothing. Finally, she turned to June and said, "You could help if you want." June immediately came over and started helping with buttons and my belt. The two of them appeared to want to strip me; I weakly protested in mock shock at such an idea but not too hard.

I was really wondering where this was going. Was this a ménage å trois in the making? Did I miss some subtle signal between the J twins that they already had a relationship going? My brain started firing off speculations and I decided silence was the best approach.

In turn, I reached over and tentatively started to unbutton Jan's blouse and then to open the top buttons of June's flowery dress. Both women encouraged my maneuvers by turning to me and helping me get started. I ran my fingers across their chests.

I focused mostly on Jan, my known factor in this emerging threesome. I made lots of eye contact to see if I could read anything into her looks; there was nothing there but excitement at where the evening was going. 
