 This story is about five consenting adults that engage in a polyamorous relationship. There is a strong sexual content, including lesbian scenes. There is also a fair bit of philosophy in the story about how and why relationships like this take place. If this isn't for you, please move on; if it is, please enjoy my early writing attempts. I urge you to VOTE as you finish each section of this five-part story. Thanks for your support.

Please read the earlier Parts to understand the characters and unfolding situation in this story. No one part can standalone from the others.

*

Selling a million dollar job in my company was no small feat, so when I arrived I was hailed as though I was a conquering hero. I was modest about the sale since it really hadn't taken all that much work; I had spent far more effort to win far smaller projects, even at Alperion.

I found out who the available project managers were and found out that Jim Macmillan was available and in the office. Jim was a powerhouse technology guy, had a great outgoing personality, yet was widely read and traveled. He was in his early thirties, liked and respected across the firm, and looked quite fit. It turned out he did long distance bicycling in the evenings and on weekends. He said he had a few girlfriends but no one at the moment that was a steady partner. I outlined the accounts payable work to him to see if he was interested.

I told him about the various people he'd meet at Alperion, without going into the recent evening encounters by Jan, June and me. We also talked about change management and how to get the various stakeholders to line up in favor of the new system and approach to doing work. 

Jim agreed to run the project and said he could start any time. I told him we'd start on Monday morning at Alperion's headquarters in Camp Forge outside of Philly. I told him to pack for the week, bring his exercise gear, and to book a room for the week at the Camp Forge Hilton. 

As we got into the details of the project, we also talked about project staff. We kicked around some ideas on whom he'd like and I told him to sign them up if he could and get them on site as soon as possible. He found me late that afternoon and told me he'd been able to get Bill, Darlene and Sandy to join him as the initial project team and they would all be down in Philly on Monday morning. He'd also thought up a novel way to create a working prototype in record time. I'd picked the right guy.

My weekend was a fun one with the family. I helped prepare the house and on Saturday, Rachel, my oldest, had her sixteenth birthday. She actually talked to me all weekend without her normal surly, teenage attitude that had been so prevalent the past three years. Had I ever had a normal conversation with her since she turned twelve? Sara, her younger sister, was also attentive and nice, and the two of them didn't fight. I wondered what planet I'd landed on.

Friday evening the house was in turmoil with a flux of teenagers in and out. I decided to wait until the morning and tell Trish about June. Over coffee the next morning she gave me her curious look and asked how things were in Camp Forge.

I smiled and said, "Well, the extended family extended a little over the week." Trish shot me a questioning look. "You about Jan. Now I have to tell you about June." Trish rolled her eyes in a cute way.

"I think I'd better come with you next week or you'll have five more in your harem," Trish said with a snicker. "Tell me about June and is this 'instead of' or 'in addition to'."

I said, "It's 'in addition to.' June is Jan's AA and apparently needed some love. She'd had a recent and rough break up with a long-term boyfriend. As it turned out, Jan had offered her some affection and comfort while I was up here last week loving you."

"Oh," I added, "I took a snapshot of the two of them with my cell phone." I unfurled the phone and dialed up the snapshot on the little two-inch screen. 

"Well if this is any indication," Trish stated, "I've got some healthy competition. I better lose ten pounds and change my hair color."

"Don't you dare change a thing," I said, "I love you just the way you are. And, this is not a competition. No one wins or loses. We all just love each other."

"Yea, but next week they'll get you four nights a week and I'll only get you three," Trish said with a smile.

"Then come down to Camp Forge next week and join us," I suggested.

"I'd love to. I'd love to meet them, particularly given what you've told me about how they think about the world and people and loving each other and you, but this coming week is bad for me at work and with Rachel and Sara. Maybe in a week or two, let me see what I can schedule on Monday. Things are crazy at the agency; we just lost our art director."

Trish and I were affectionate to each other and made love the three nights I was home. I wasn't being given a chance to rest up; everyone wanted my cum. That seemed OK to me.

Trish rushed around the rest of the weekend, what with the party, food and a sleep over for a dozen girls in our basement. Rachel, our oldest, had moved from the room she'd shared with Sara down to the finished basement about two years prior so she could have her own space. We monitored basement activity regularly without her being too aware of it; at least no one was sneaking in -- yet!

The party's main focus was watching horror films all night. I had helped Rachel set up a DVD player and TV (birthday presents), we cleaned out the horror section at Blockbuster, thus all Saturday night we kept hearing screams from the teenagers and one or more teenage girls would come running up stairs from the basement to Trish or me covering their eyes, and saying how horrifying the movie was. We'd laugh and help them reconnect with the real world then they'd turn and go back to the group for another dose of terror.

I did all sorts of husbandly things around the house too. We connected with our next-door neighbors on Sunday for a cookout. It was most unusual that all of our kids and all of their kids were there. It hadn't happened before and I don't think it ever happened again.

Monday morning I was on the 6:30 am flight from Logan Airport, had the rental car by 8:00 am; and was in my assigned conference room at Alperion's HQ by 8:30 am. I hadn't seen Jim Macmillan or the others he'd signed up for the project on the flight, so I assumed they were on one of the next flights. I left word at the security desk to call me when they arrived. 

I went to June's office and bid her good morning. We chatted about her weekend. Jan came in from a breakfast meeting, and gave me a cherry greeting as well. I told them both about the team we'd put together for the AP project and that I'd introduce them before the morning was out.

About nine o'clock, security called and said that my four compatriots were there awaiting escort. June and I went down to fetch them and take them to human resources to get them permanent contractor badges so they wouldn't have to check in each morning. June and I helped everyone get a cup of coffee and then herded everyone into my conference room.

Jan joined us and everyone introduced himself or herself to everyone else. We had a nice group of people for this engagement. Jan got Kirt and Dan from Purchasing and AP to join us for a few minutes so they could meet the team. Dan suggested that since a lot of the activity would require interfacing with AP that Jim and the team use some of the open offices in their part of the building. I was relieved as Jim agreed for the group, since I could continue to enjoy my somewhat small conference room alone. After a few moments, Jim and team members followed Dan over to the other side of the complex to what would be their new offices for the next few months.

After everyone trooped out of the conference room, Jan, June and I were the only ones left. Jan looked at me, raised an eyebrow and said, "Tonight?" She extended her look to June.

I looked at the two of them, smiled broadly, and said, "I'm in." June said, "Me too." I added, "I might have to help settle the team into the Hilton, but that shouldn't take too long; I don't need to baby sit them. I've missed loving you guys but I've been lucky to be loved over the weekend. Trish said to say Hello and that she really wants to come down soon and meet everyone." They looked curious.

We all went back to our jobs and the daily work of building a new Alperion. 

I checked in on the team in late morning, spending some time with Jim going over the ideas for the prototype and the rest of the project. He said Dan had spent over an hour with the team describing the current operations and leaving them reviewing several huge manuals and other documentation for the current system. They had set up some interviews with other Purchasing and AP staff in the afternoon and the next day. I was happy things were moving along briskly.

At noon, I suggested lunch in the cafeteria. The five of us went down to the eatery as I led the way for them. We reassembled at one of the larger tables. Jim and I each had an empty seat next to us. I was pleasantly surprised when a few minutes after we sat down, Jan and June appeared with their trays. I hailed them and indicated we had space, they smiled and walked over and joined us. Jim was impressed that someone of Jan's rank would dine with us.

The lunch conversation turned out to be a pleasant grilling of Jim and as the noise level allowed the other team members further down the table about their lives and backgrounds. I guessed that Jan wanted to know more about them than just some brief bios and a cursory introduction. I read that she was impressed. I also picked up some flirty eyes between Jim and June.

That evening I led Jim and his team back to the hotel in a small caravan of rental cars. We all checked in and I went to my room and put on casual clothes. I loaded my duffle bag with my contingency clothes in case I didn't make it back to the Hilton that night and put that in my car. Then, I met the team in the bar for a quick drink. I explained that I had a dinner engagement without saying whom it was with. We had a quick chat so I could make sure everything was going alright, and then I left to meet Jan and June.

I had told the two of them that I wouldn't make the jog this evening, but I'd be there for dinner. When I arrived at Jan's house the two women apparently had not jogged, but had changed into chic casual clothes, and were in the kitchen preparing a dinner. I guessed we weren't going out. I kissed and hugged both of them, noting that the "kiddies were all tucked in." Dinner was a scrumptious pork loin with lots of trimmings and extras. I was highly complimentary to the cooks. My only job at that point was to keep everyone's wine glass full; I did that with great aplomb.

I made the two of them sit and enjoy their wine while I did clean up and put away, my specialty. I had to make a few creative guesses about where things went in Jan's kitchen, but I was sure Jan would eventually find everything.

When I was done I went and joined the women, kissing them both as I sat down between them on the sofa. Each one reached over and put a hand on one of my thighs. As a guy it is really nice to be rubbed and smoothed; this time was no exception. We made some small talk about dinner as the remnants of the wine disappeared from our glasses.

Jan then asked about Trish and what my weekend had been like. I explained how I'd told her about June. She said with a blush, "I can't believe she's so relaxed about us. I've been working on my mind to get to where she is."

"Oh," I said, "she'll be less broadminded unless we include her. I'm on her case to come join us down here soon. Trish can't do it this week, but maybe next week or the week after. As for getting to where you see Trish, I think you're closer than you think. You willingly love the two of us," indicating Jan and me, "and accept our love in return. I don't detect any jealousy or bad feelings from you at all about this or even Trish, other than the desire to do more."

June nodded, "Yes, that is how I feel. When you say unconditional love and talk about the concept I resonate with the concept, then something will twist me back into thinking about exclusivity and possession of another person but that doesn't feel right either and I know it's fraught with problems and disasters; I know, I just spent three years in a bad relationship based on that approach. I don't want to go back but the thoughts still come to me."

I'd told them both several times to remember that what you give comes back to you multiplied. If you give love then you get it back many times over. If you give fear, restrictions and rules, then they are what you get back and that can be scary, confining and make for an unhappy relationship.

"Every time you get one of those thoughts and one of us is around, come and share it with us. We'll talk you down. If we're not around just say to yourself over and over again, 'I am loved completely and unconditionally'. Close you eyes and say it now five times but focus on the words and what they mean. June did. Her eyes opened in a smile after her careful recitations.

"Thank you," she said and kissed both Jan and me. We both said "Thank you" to her.

Jan then leaned over to me and ran her tongue lightly and sensuously across my lips, cheeks and eye lids several times. My eyes closed to the sensation. I felt June shift her weight next to me and then felt her tongue circling into my left ear. Game on.

I alternately responded to both women, attending to first one then the other. My arms went around both and drew them into me. My head kept alternating between enjoying their oral attention to me and then paying back in kind to each of them.

"We really want to make love," Jan said as she rose, "come upstairs with me." She pulled us both up and we ascended to her bedroom. Jan lit a couple of candles to enhance the room's atmosphere and provide us some light to see each other's stimulating bodies.

"Don't take off your clothes," I said, "the other two of us will help you do it." With that, Jan and I approached June and slowly and methodically unbuttoned her blouse and carefully removed it, placing on a chair; then we unzipped her slacks and pulled them down so she could step out of them, losing her shoes in the process. Then we both blew hot air through the fabric of her bra onto her taut and ample breasts. June put her head back and closed her eyes just enjoying the moment. Jan undid the bra snap and we pulled the lacy garment off of her body and added it to her pile. I then slid her brief thong down her legs and she stepped out of it. She was nude. I licked her wet slit once and was rewarded with a little shudder.

We then stood and June and I went into action on Jan. Jan's top was a pullover, so it didn't have buttons. We inched the fabric up above her bra, baring her stomach and delicate brassiere. We both leaned in as we had done for June and suckled through the fabric onto her nipples. We each felt her nubbins harden under out attacks. June helped Jan out of the top, and then she relieved her of the bra as well. 

As we started to undo Jan's belt, she said, "I have a surprise for you. Keep going." We inched Jan's slacks off of her legs, leaving only her thong. Then I knew what the surprise was. 

"You shaved your pubes," I said. Jan smiled and pushed the thong off of her hips so that he pussy area was uncovered. She struck a lewd pose that fully exposed her entire pussy; her lips were extended and very visible on the hairless landscape. 

"With all the licking and sucking going on," she said, "I figured a few less hairs in everyone's mouths would be appreciated. Besides I feel sexy as all hell." She had a big smile. "Now you know how I spent my weekend!"

June bent to examine the mons and labia and the complete absence of hair. Then she announced, "Oh, I want to do that too!" 

I admitted that her extra nudity was indeed sexy. My pants had this rocky looking bulge in them.

Jan shed the thong and then she gestured to June, and the two of them approached me. June kissed my lips and licked along one side of my neck while Jan did the other side. My shirt disappeared in record time. My pants then slid away; I was commando much to their enjoyment and surprise. I shed pants, socks and shoes in one fluid motion.

"You need to shave too," Jan said as she reached for my stiffening rod but instead yanked at a chunk of my pubic hair.

"Well let's have a shaving party," I said. Everyone stopped, and then the three of us headed to the bathroom.

Jan produced a pair of small scissors. She had me sit on the toilet seat and lean back. I put a towel over the tank so I didn't have to lean against a cold ceramic box. Jan and June both took turns carefully trimmed aware my pubic hair until the only thing left was short stubble. I had a magnificent hard on watching my two naked friends minister to me.

June and I traded places and then Jan and I reduced June's blond bush to stubble in only a few minutes. I made sure to use my fingers a lot as I tested for hair and smoothness.

Jan then got a new safety razor and a can of shaving gel from her vanity. We lathered up June and Jan presented me with the razor. "Here," she said, "You shave everyday. You're probably better at this than I was." I accepted the honor and knelt before June.

I very carefully edged the razor around June's pussy feeling the sharp blades hacking off the stubble we'd created a moment before. As she spread her legs even further apart, I worked closer and closer to her vaginal opening. After several minutes, I was through and I had not nicked her once - a triumph.

Jan got a hot washcloth and after it had cooled to a temperature that wouldn't produce third degree burns I placed it over June's groin and held it there. "Oh, God," she said immediately. Her body stiffened, her legs shot out and she climaxed with the two of us bending over her. Her hands clutched each of our arms in a vice-like grip as an orgasm rippled through her body. Finally, she said, "Oh, wow! That was amazing," as she floated down from her high.

A minute or two later, I sat on the throne again, this time lathered up and ready for the razor. Jan was chosen as the one to administer the shave. She, too, was very careful not to nick any part of me. I made a lot of jokes about losing my masculinity to her in trade for her virginity. I was nervous. She pulled my scrotum carefully to create a smooth surface to work on, occasionally asking June to help. My cock remained in a high state of alert and readiness throughout the task. June even licked the end of it several times, which did little to assuage my fear of a wayward razor. Finally, I got the hot washcloth treatment; I resisted cuming although I was tempted.

We all went back to Jan's bedroom feeling breezes blow on us where they hadn't before. We took turns smoothing each other's nether regions, enjoying the hairlessness we now had. I said the true test was sucking and fucking, and with that I slid down the bed and latched onto Jan's cunt with my mouth. June joined me in close proximity.

Licking and sucking on a woman that has shaved IS different. I was immediately struck with the thought that I had less searching to do to find her clit, lips or other little indentations and bumps that I knew she liked me to find. Jan verified that she was enjoying my treatment much more without the 'forest', as she called it. June joined me and we shared Jan's pussy, initially paying attention only on the outside, but then extending our range of operation inside with tongues and fingers. 

Jan climaxed. We could hear her panting and issuing forth little oh's and ah's as we went along, but then we felt her going rigid and realized she had inhaled and was not exhaling. She was holding her breath while her orgasm washed over her. June and I both had a finger inside at that point stroking her G-spot and whatever else was available.
