 This story is about five consenting adults that engage in a polyamorous relationship. There is a strong sexual content, including lesbian scenes. There is also a fair bit of philosophy in the story about how and why relationships like this take place. If this isn't for you, please move on; if it is, please enjoy my early writing attempts. I urge you to VOTE as you finish each section of this five-part story. Thanks for your support.

Please read the earlier Parts to understand the characters and unfolding situation in this story. No one part can standalone from the others.

*

Trish announced that she could come down a couple of days before the Labor Day weekend started and didn't have to go back until Tuesday rather than Labor Day. At dinner we talked about what to do and whether Jim could stay over the weekend. He said he wouldn't miss any time with his new family especially over a holiday.

Jan had a twinkle in her eye and I could see a plan start to hatch about the following week and weekend. I noted that surreptitiously she involved June and Jim. I had no idea what she was planning but trusted her.

When I went home at the end of that week Trish was excited about the coming week and vacation. Our daughters had been planning on being away with their friends' families anyway so we didn't even have to make arrangements for them. We had our own loving and caring weekend as I brought Trish up to speed on Jim and the new foursome. Trish was intrigued that the group has expanded so easily. "They're choosing well," she said; "I hope they like me, after all I am more part of the core group than they are." I soothed her by telling her she was first in my book any day.

I was back at Alperion on Monday morning; Trish was due down Wednesday afternoon. She said she'd bring her laptop and briefcase and she could work at the Hilton while I finished out the week; we would 'socialize' in the evenings. The plan was to hang around and enjoy each other over the long weekend and Trish would fly back Tuesday morning so she could catch up with her job and career.

I picked up Trish at six o'clock Wednesday as planned. We drove the twenty miles to Jan's house to meet the others and have a communal dinner. I'd bought another case of wine so my credit for a dinner gift was still good, especially since I hadn't had a chance to leave work early and pick up more of a house gift for Jan.

Jan opened the door dressed in some sexy but chic casual clothes. I could tell right away she was not wearing a bra. She gave me a peck on the cheek and then gave Trish a really big hug and kiss. Trish returned her gesture as though they had been lifelong friends, no more than that, intimate friends. There was a brief conversation thanking Trish for sharing me so willingly with her and June, and also for coming to join in the extended family, southern branch.

June came around the corner and also embraced Trish with a full-body contact hug that Trish returned; the kiss was especially intimate and beyond the pecks that women usually give each other. I wondered what was going on. They'd never met but the affection between Jan, June and Trish was evident. I wasn't even sure if Trish was inclined to participate in any kind of bisexual activities like Jan and June recently started. I knew enough about her to know that she'd watch a lot, but participate -- well that was an open question.

We all migrated into the kitchen and wine was opened and served. Jim was there wearing an apron and helping prepare dinner. He broke off and embraced Trish giving her a meaningful kiss that went on much longer than an "I just met you" kind of kiss. Now I really was mystified. I figured I learn about any subterfuge in short order.

Our conversation was animated and loving; it was clear that everyone in the room admired and respected everyone else; the usual 'who are you' types of questions seemed to be missing in so far as Trish was concerned. Everyone just seemed to know her and be picking up with an old friend. We migrated to the dining room and ate the delicious dinner my cohorts had prepared. My mind continued to race, wondering where the evening would go and how it would end up. I'm not sure I was paying good attention to the banter."

After dinner the five of us went into the living room. Jan suggested liqueurs so I fetched the small demitasse glasses and bottles of the various cognacs she had. I placed the tray with the offerings on the coffee table. Jim came over to help.

Since Trish was our newest guest and my role was somewhere between guest and host, I asked her what she'd like. Predictably she chose the Grand Marnier. I poured and started to hand it to her, but Jim took the glass, took a sip and then bent over Trish and pressed his lips to hers. She opened to receive his tongue and then his injection of the warm liquid. I think my jaw dropped open; this was my trick.

I stood and watched the interchange with amazement and almost pride; I really knew that something was afoot that I was not privy to. Trish pulled Jim down beside her and the two of them kissed without the benefit of the cognac. I glanced at Jan and June who were almost laughing at my reaction.

"OK. OK," I said. "What's going on? Was something arranged that I don't know about?" 

"Why, whatever gave you that idea," Trish said with her hand on Jim's leg in an open gesture of familiarity. I was being had!

"Well, everyone seems to know Trish much better than I though they did. I don't know how: the welcomes, conversation and all. I think something is going on!" I said in a loud falsetto voice. Everyone laughed.

Jan looked at me and said, "You didn't think we'd start from scratch with a new friend and not do our homework did you?"

June jumped in, "You'd told us so much about Trish that we felt we knew her. Jim had met her at your company's Christmas party but that was nine months ago and he can't remember anything!" She shot him an admonishing glance. He grinned sheepishly over his inadvertent misdeeds.

"So we called her," Jan said. "I wanted to invite her to come and stay with me," then she corrected herself, "with us. We want her to feel welcome and loved, and that we will care for her feelings and will respect her wishes about what we do and don't do on this weekend."

Trish said, "They gave me lots of chances to take an out, but they're all so nice. We've talked for hours on the telephone for the past two weeks and really, really gotten to know each other, quite intimately I might add."

Jim jumped in, "Trish is the first married woman," he paused, "No, the first woman I've ever had the kind of deep discussions about relationships and sex with. I thought I knew a lot but I've been taught a few things over the past couple of weeks. She said you wouldn't mind when you found out."

June went over and sat beside Trish. "We had a close and intimate friend and lover for over two weeks that we just haven't met in person until tonight. Of course we're going to hug and kiss, and of course we're going to pick up where we left off talking earlier today."

Trish said, "Besides, I like getting my cognac served orally. We've sort of gotten out of the habit and we should restart. I think it's sexy and stimulating as all hell." She leaned over and kissed Jim solidly on the lips. I didn't respond to the taunt.

I said, "I know we've talked a lot about what the four of us have done and the types of relationships we've built, but we really didn't talk the details of how you'd want to fit into it. You said you wanted to be part of all of us as soon as you could, but that statement leaves a lot of wiggle room. I, and I suspect all of us, didn't want to rush you; at least, that's what I thought everyone was thinking." I glanced around the room.

"Oh, you worry too much," Trish said. "You should know that I initiated some of the calls. I want all of us to feel comfortable with each other tonight and over the weekend."

Trish turned to Jan and held out a hand, "And, what have you planned for us this weekend my dear friend." Jan took Trish's hand in hers and looked across all of us and announced, "We are going to the Pocono's tomorrow after work for a romantic weekend for five!" We all cheered.

Jan had brochures for all of us from the Walnut Lake Lodge. We had a cottage all to ourselves that came with four bedrooms, two with king-sized beds, an inviting fireplace, nature walks and hikes, a spa, a sauna, an outdoor shower, a dozen different restaurants nearby and dozens of other recreational events -- in case we couldn't think of anything to do ourselves. "We come back here Monday evening," Jan said, "that way we're near the airport for Trish's Tuesday morning flight."

I looked at Trish with a big smile, "Did you know about this?" She nodded in the affirmative. Jim appeared in the dark as much as I was, however I could tell he was enthusiastic about the idea. The group launched into a ten minute frenzied discussion about dress, clothes, travel arrangements, and all.

"Now," Jan said, "it is time to welcome our friend and lover Trish to our midst." She dimmed the lights leaving only the candles she'd lit illuminating the room. 

Trish smiled at me, stood and came to me and we hugged and kissed while our friends watched. I said, "Thank you for coming and sharing yourself with us and letting us share ourselves with you. We share all the time, but this is special and different and nice." I kissed her deeply and ran my hand up and down her backside pulling her into me.

"Yes it is," Trish said. She extended an arm and pulled Jan, who was still standing, into us. Trish and I took turns kissing Jan and telling her that we loved her. My heart was doing flip-flops of joy at the warmth and love in the room.

Jim and June were cuddled together on the sofa, French kissing but with very open mouths. I could see some more liqueurs being served by my trademark delivery process between the couple. June's blouse was unbuttoned to her waist.

I kissed Trish and then tentatively held the top button in my fingers and looked her in the eye. She still held me in one arm and Jan in the other. She nodded and whispered, "Take it off. It's time for us to love each other." With that, she kissed Jan tenderly on the lips. 

Jan, Trish and I stood and slowly stripped one another. Occasionally we would look at June and Jim on the sofa who were keeping pace with our loss of clothing. Soon five nude bodies populated the room.

I commented, "We have three beautiful women and two well-toned guys here. I wonder what will happen next." My comment about the women was not a gratuitous one. Each woman was in her own right stunning, a head turner. 

Trish was in her mid thirties and had a figure that most women would die for as well as the facial features and dark hair to go with it. While not overly busty, she was well endowed. Her body was trim and toned from exercise and attention to diet and fitness.

Jan also had a curvy and womanly figure, with a generous helping of breasts with large, full areolas. Jan's face was angelic; if I'd been in a bad accident and opened my eyes and she was there I'd figure I'd died and this was the first angel I was meeting. Jan was a natural ash blond and had long, sensuous legs that seemed to go on forever; they were well toned as was her buttocks from her running program.

June, the youngest, was a brunette with the body of a pin-up: full robust breasts with an up tilt towards heaven, slim hips that showed the angles and curves of a sexual being, and, like Jan, long, lithe, shapely legs. 

Jim was an Adonis. I don't know how he kept in shape, but his mid section hinted at strong and visible abdominal muscles. He had an olive complexion and was square-jawed, a fact coupled with his physique that made most women swoon in his direction. His natural modesty kept him from ever noticing. His haunches were trim and dimpled I'd noticed; he was not overly hirsute. I noticed that he had shaved his pubic area to keep in synchronization with Jan and June.

I'm a typical late thirties guy struggling to keep in shape by watching my diet and doing exercise when I can fit it in. I'm was a bit of a nerd and clown growing up, but those liabilities turned to assets as I aged and got into the technical disciplines and marketing and sales. I get enough feedback from women to have learned that I'm desirable, but I still don't believe it.

June and Jim came over and joined Trish, Jan and I as we stood. We passed kisses around the circle and enjoyed feeling and smoothing each other's bodies. Jan finally said, "Come upstairs. We'll all be more comfortable up there." The five of us scampered up the stairs with a sense of glee; Trish held my hand.

Jan pulled Trish and me to her on her big bed. Jim and June immediately joined next to us and started kissing and making oral love to one another. Jan pushed me to Trish, but instead of going up I went down to her naked pussy and started to romance her. I applied all the techniques that I had taught Jim the week before and soon she was writhing and twisting in response. 

Jan and Trish were paying attention to each other with equal fondness. Trish looked down at me as I was thrusting my tongue into her and said, "I didn't know I could be bisexual until today; I wasn't sure." She panted and then went on, "Oh. I understood it in theory. June, Jan and I had talked about it and they'd shared with me how they'd started with each other, and you, by really doing it. Wow." She panted some more and kissed Jan. "This is very, very nice." 

Trish reached out and stroked June's nearest breast, pulling on the nipple until it became erect. Jim bent down from his missionary thrusts into June and kissed Trish's hand and then joined in sucking on one of June's nipples. He then leaned across the narrow gap and kissed Trish while still impaled within June. How erotic.

Jan sucked and pulled on Trish's breasts and nipples raising them to an excited state. I was now thrusting fingers and tongue into Trish and attending to her G-spot periodically. Jan then nudged me out of the way and went down on Trish. There was nothing tentative about the move or her willingness to administer to her, nor Trish's willingness to receive the attention. The two women loved. I moved up and kissed and licked Trish. Now I was the one sucking on her breasts and nipples. 

Trish said, "I was told you four had a new game as of last week. Sometimes, someone says 'Switch!' and interesting things happen."

We all looked at Trish to be sure she was serious and not just seeking explanation, but her request appeared genuine. I shifted to June as Jim came over to Trish. Jan joined June and me; at least that seemed like a good distribution of talent.

I watched with fascination as Jim went down on Trish, tongue extended so he could taste her womanly juices. She was running her fingers through his hair and thrusting her pussy into his mouth.

I asked June what she wanted. She kissed me and said, "Penetration!" I complied and thrust my cock into her willing pussy.

"Fast or slow," I asked June. 

"Slow and deep," she replied. She pulled Jan to her and they kissed deeply. I watched as the two of them maneuvered so that June could finger Jan's cunt and they could take turns sucking on each other's breasts. Arms and heads are so compliant when the motivation is there.

I heard Trish say to Jim, "Come up. Come into me. I want your cock in me." I watched as Jim rose over Trish and inserted his very erect and shining penis into Trish's vagina. Trish immediately locked her legs behind Jim and pulled him deep into her body. They started thrusting into each other.

I think we were all watching Trish to see her reaction to our foursome, now a fivesome. I had seen Trish with another guy before so this was not a first, but with so much company on hand, including being anchored in another woman, now that was novel.

Trish was really turned on, more than our normal love making. She became more and more physical with Jim, urging him into her and calling for his semen to coat her insides. Jim rose on his hands to leverage his thrusts into her body. Soon they were coated with the sheen of lovers, and then the urgings became more implorative to immediate action. 

We then heard Jim announce through a clenched jaw, "I'm very near."

Trish responded with a "Me too; cum in me; cum in me now," in a shuddery voice. She used her legs to yank him deep into her as they exploded. Jim groaned, arched his back and made a final lunge pushing his pubic area into her groin. 

Trish kept going, "Oh. Oh. Oh fuck. Oh fuck. Oh fuck," and running her hands all over Jim's back and body, holding him to her. 

As the two of them floated down from their highs, Jim collapsed atop Trish smothering her with kisses. The two of them then looked over at the three of us as we watched them; they both grinned sheepishly. Trish said, "That was nice. Very nice." Jim kissed her and said, "She's the master of understatement." Trish and I made hand contact and squeezed each other lovingly.

I had been slowly thrusting my penis in and out of June while she fingered Jan's pussy. I looked at both women with a "what now?" look. Jan said, "Cum in June. I want the licks." I said, "Woman on top," and rolled and rotated so that June suddenly came out on top without our breaking our coupling. She was facing me.

I bent up and joined Jan in sucking on June's breasts. Her nipples were rigid, almost painfully so, but she was responding so well to the stimulation. Jan leaned in a sucked on my nipples; I went into low orbit.

Jan then pushed me into more of an upright position as I thrust into June. I wasn't sure what she was going to do until she put her head down to where my prick and June's cunt met; she started to tongue our union, licking June's clit. I could occasionally feel her tongue run along the side of my cock as I thrust into June. I reached over and started to finger Jan, putting a couple and then three fingers into her pussy.

Jim and Trish remained coupled; they had now become voyeurs watching their three colleagues love one another.

June was closer than I realized. I started to feel her muscles clench my cock and knew that her orgasm was imminent. I looked at her and she nodded. I sped up and increased the length of my stroke as best I could since she was on top. She realized the message I was sending and started to extend her range of motion as she neared climax. Jan backed away for the moment and also watched.

Then June came. Her manta started, "Oh dear God. Oh dear God. Oh this man gives me so much pleasure and happiness. Oh wow! Of fuck! Ohhhhhhhh!" Then she came in classic June fashion, including flooding the area with her girl juice. Jan thrust a washcloth into our groins to help soak up some of the juice. June collapsed atop me, rubbing her breasts and nipples against my chest as she lowered herself.

I held her tight and kissed her as her breathing and heart rate returned to normal.

Jan looked at me and asked, "Did you cum?" I shook my head No. She then said with a big grin, "Well get your cock busy!" and with that she pulled June off me and replaced her atop my prone body. June collapsed beside us and between us and Trish and Jim; she was holding the washcloth to her pussy. 

Both Jim and Trish reached out and pulled June to their union, kissing her when she hitched herself within range. They stroked and smoothed her body with tender loving gestures. June was still in post coital bliss and they helped maintain her warm feelings.

Jan rode me and I thrust into her. I had a mission: cum deep inside her. I did about three minutes and many deep thrusts into her body then we came together; I could feel her cuntal muscles spasm and that triggered my orgasm that in turn probably triggered more spasms and her orgasm. We did and said all of the conventional things we'd learned to say at such a time. I went to that place in heaven where I go when that wave of pleasure washes over my body. I knew Jan was there too.
