 This story is about five consenting adults that engage in a polyamorous relationship. There is a strong sexual content, including lesbian scenes. There is also a fair bit of philosophy in the story about how and why relationships like this take place. If this isn't for you, please move on; if it is, please enjoy my early writing attempts. I urge you to VOTE as you finish each section of this five-part story. Thanks for your support.

Please read Part 1 to understand the characters and unfolding situation in this story. No one part can standalone from the others. This is the concluding chapter.

*

When we returned to the cottage after dinner Jan announced that a different plan was afoot for the loving that evening. "The three of us have talked," Jan said, motioning to the two other women, "and what we have decided is that we want to be made love to by two males at the same time. Trish told us earlier that she'd had this pleasure and we got some of the details; June and I want to try it too."

Jim and I looked at one another in silence.

Jan went on, "We drew little pieces of paper again. I'm first, then June, then Trish -- who wants to have the pleasure yet again but with you two gentlemen. So I'll go tonight, June will have a turn tomorrow afternoon and Trish will be pleasured by you tomorrow evening." She looked at us and said, "I presume we've left enough recovery time?"

I laughed and said Jim would pick up the slack. He looked worried.

I asked, "What happens to those not in the ménage å trois?"

"Oh," Jan said, "They will be having a lesbian love affair close by or in the same room if you request it. For three women that had never had such an encounter before six weeks ago, we seem to be getting along very well and liking it." She smiled at her cohorts.

I said to Trish, "You OK with this?"

"Oh, I'm better than OK," she said as she reached over and took June's hand and brought it to her mouth and kissed it with a wicked smile. June looked pleased too.

I walked across the room to Jan and took her hand as I gestured to Jim, "Miss, this gentleman and I would like to fuck the living daylights out of you this evening. Are you available?"

"Why yes, I just happen to be free -- right now!" Jan said as she grabbed Jim's and my hands and pulled us towards the staircase. I gave my helpless look over my shoulder to Trish and June who laughed.

Jim and I allowed Jan to pull us into the middle of the first bedroom and then we took turns giving her deep soul kisses. I moved in front of Jan and slowly started to unbutton her blouse, kissing each little square inch of skin as it was revealed. Jim stood behind Jan pushing his hips into her and holding her breasts. As the blouse became fully unbuttoned he slowly removed it from her shoulders and arms, also kissing the exposed skin.

Jim gently unsnapped her thin brassiere from the back allowing the straps to slide down her arms. Jan watched as the straps slipped down her arms with a look of awe. I used my mouth and tongue to help pull the lacy bra forward and down her arms. Jim gently reached in a stroked her naked breasts. Jan put her head back and allowed Jim to kiss her from the side as he stroked her nipples to hardness.

Jan was wearing a mini skirt that accentuated her fine legs as well as three-inch heels. I whispered that I wanted her to keep the heels on while we made love; we'd done this before, it was a turn on for me. I undid the decorative belt to the skirt and found the short zipper on the side and undid it. I used both hands to help the skirt slither down over her hips and legs, and then helped her step out of it.

She was now standing almost nude before Jim and I -- two very masculine males who were developing a single focus for the remainder of the evening; our goal was to make Jan cum countless times and to pleasure her in everyway we could think of. Jan reached down and pushed her thong down her legs and with a little shiver stepped out of it. She reached forward to the buttons on my shirt, and then helped me pull it over my head. 

She turned around and undid Jim's golf shirt and pulled it off of him. I shifted behind her and kissed her neck and pulled her head back in a passionate gesture so I could kiss her lips. I saw Trish and June standing in the doorway watching as we stripped each other; June was cradling Trish in a loving stance; both looked like content voyeurs.

Jan undid Jim's belt and unbuttoned his slacks, pushing them down his legs. As the bulge in his pants became evident, she squatted and pulled his hips to her mouth, locking her mouth on the tented material and blowing hot air. Jim stepped out of his slacks and shoes.

She turned to me and repeated the process. As my pants slid away down my legs I felt her mouth press against my penis and then a flow of hot air through my briefs. I responded with a surge of blood to my cock and my bulge grew dramatically in only seconds. I finished stripping.

Now the three of us stood nude in the middle of the room, our clothes spread around us. Jim and I both bent and sucked on Jan's breasts as we simultaneously placed exploring fingers in her vagina. Jim and I fingered her together, one and then the other searching for and finding her G-spot only to abandon its caress to the other. Jan was moaning, "Oh yes! Oh yes!"

Jan was holding and milking each of our cocks; she fondled and manipulated our organs. Both swelled ready for action. I looked at the doorway; Trish and June were still there only they were now nude and fondling one another as they stood and watched the three of us.

Jan squatted again and pulled both of our cocks to her mouth. She sucked on me then Jim, then pulled us together into her mouth in one gesture. Suddenly our cocks were together in her warm chasm as she simultaneously fellated us; neither of us seemed to mind.

Eventually, I steered the three of us to the bed, pulling the covers off onto the floor. I had Jan lie down and pull her legs up. I gestured to Jim that he had pussy-eating honors; he accepted with delight and slid between her legs. I watched for a moment to see how my student was doing; he did a credible job of getting started, particularly if Jan's reaction was an indication of success. Her body jerked as his tongue made the first gentle probes into her slit and onto her clit. He continued his delicate touch and I moved up to her upper torso.

I leaned in and kissed Jan with all the passion I could muster. She pulled my head into her lips with a rare ferocity of passion. I romanced an ear, running my tongue deep inside and whispering to her that I wanted my tongue to bring her pleasure on her clitoris and deep inside her cunt. Meantime, Jim was doing exactly that to her. She was in heaven.

I made love to her neck. I ran my tongue down her neck, pecking and pulling skin here and there as I went, then ended in the valley between her ample and taut breasts. I alternated attention between her two globes, making frequent forays up to her lips and neck. Her nipples were electrically sensitive -- white hot; I knew my attention to them was being reflected in contractions of her vaginal muscles.

The bed height was just right for Jim to stand on the floor, insert and pump into Jan. He and I repositioned Jan so he could start her journey to pleasuredom. Jan and I both watched as he carefully and slowly inserted his engorged penis into her. He teased, entering slightly and then pulling back. Jan would move to follow, to try to induce deep penetration, only to have her move frustrated. He made little surge strokes and then in one mammoth push, thrust all of his long cock into her pussy. She moaned and slammed her body back against the bed.

I held her upper body and continued to kiss and pay attention to her breasts and neck. I would bite and nip; she kept saying "Harder! Harder!" to both of us. 

Jan fired off her first orgasm only seconds later. Her body arched and a shudder ran through her from head to foot. Neither Jim nor I paused for more than a couple of seconds as the effect struck. I think she expected a longer pause because when we continued she twitched even harden as aftershock after aftershock hit her body. She kept moaning and thanking heaven for the two of us.

Jan fired off several more little climaxes. Jim gestured to me to switch. He and I traded places and I repeated his ploy of teasing Jan's pussy rather than just plunging in. When I did plunge in the last inch or so, she climaxed again; she was clawing at our bodies to try to draw both of us into her. I extracted for a few seconds and licked and kissed her pussy, pulling on her pud until she arched again. I thrust into her, now varying the pace -- slow and gentle for a few strokes; hard and aggressive on a few more; then I repeated.

Jim and I had her on a step after a while. She was shuddering and having small climaxes almost once a minute. I'd never seen any woman this worked up nor having orgasms at such a rapid rate. 

I had an idea and indicated by gestures to Jim that he should insert a finger into Jan's ass. I got up on the bed and pulled her over to me without losing my connection with her. I was still alternating my long, short, gentle, hard thrusts into her. I also was able to lean in a suck on her breasts; when I would nip or bite I could feel the cuntal muscles contract. Jan was practically delirious.

Suddenly Jim thrust his finger in. For a few seconds I could feel his finger pushing and thrusting against the peritoneum wall. Then all hell broke lose. Jan went rigid arching her back away from me but thrusting her breasts forward. I thrust into her several times hard, very hard. She climaxed. Actually she exploded into a shuddering ball of twitching hedonistic flesh. She screamed, "Oh fuck! Oh fuck me! Oh don't stop! More!" and kept repeating that mantra over and over again.

Her vaginal muscles went into wild spasms milking my cock. I couldn't resist and seconds later I exploded into her moist tunnel. Her pussy kept milking me and milking me, hips rotating to pull me into her in every way she could; her eyes were foggy and unfocused, her hands clawed at both of us without coordination, she was on autopilot, her body's automatic systems were in high gear making it do all the things it was supposed to do to mate -- to fuck, to get impregnated. How nice we still derive pleasure from all those instinctual actions.

Jan clutched me to her with one arm so that I couldn't move into her anymore. She didn't want the stimulation for a moment; she had to cool down. She was panting and it was clear her heart rate had skyrocketed. "Oh dear. Oh dear," she kept saying. Jim had pulled his finger out too. "I may not survive the night," Jan said, then paused and added, "but bury me with a cock in my pussy."

We let her rest for a couple of moments and then I pulled Jan up onto her knees and motioned for Jim to get behind her. She was compliant. He was rigid as a pole. He again entered her pussy and started to fuck her doggy style. He was slow at first but Jan gradually accelerated the motions. A few minutes later she had another small climax, and then another and another.

She dropped to the bed and rolled over. "Titty fuck," she said looking Jim in the eye. He straddled her body and moved up until his cock was between Jan's large tanned breasts. She held her breasts together to provide the friction as Jim started to piston between then. She whispered lewd things to Jim, telling him how much she wanted his cum on her breasts, neck and face. It was too much for Jim and he detonated, his cum splashing across Jan's neck and face.

Jan pulled Jim down onto her slippery chest and body, smearing some the excess cum between the two of them as he slid down so they could kiss. They shared some of his cum but Jan was greedy and used her finger to find and bring it to her mouth in a sensuous gesture.

I glanced again at the doorway but my voyeurs had left for the other bedroom. I tiptoed across the room and peeked into the other bedroom. A dim dresser light was on. Trish and June were in a classic "69" with Trish on the bottom. Both heads were eagerly assaulting the beautiful pussy that they were presented with. I left them to it and went back to the other room.

Jan pulled the two of us into her side and alternated kissing us. We could both taste the other on her lips. After a bit I slid down her body and started to again lick and toy with her pussy, using my lips to pull on her labia and my tongue to pleasure her clit. She started little jerking motions again and I could hear her moan every now and then in tune to some action I had just done on her body. I knew I was lapping my own cum from her, but the mix with her tasty cum and girl juice was irresistible. 

Jan pulled Jim up and started to fellate him. I could watch from my advantaged position near her pussy and it was highly erotic. He held Jan's head while maneuvering his dick in her mouth so that he got maximum stimulation. I could see the veins in Jim's cock pulse as he hardened again. When he was stiff and thoroughly enjoying Jan's mouth I asked he wanted to be where I was; he did and so we switched.

Jim again drove into Jan's body. She was still wearing the spike heels that I found so enticing. I was almost erect again just watching them fuck with those heels visible.

Jan indicated that I should come up by her head; I did and she started to suck on my cock as Jim drove into her pussy. All the visual stimulation brought me to a state of hardness when I thought I was through for the evening.

Jim said he was cuming so Jan left me for a moment and helped pull him into her with arms and legs wrapped around him. He arched, thrust, held position and ejaculated, sending copious amounts of cum into her body that overflowed her tight pussy. Jan came also, shuddering throughout but not as thoroughly as she had a few minutes earlier in the evening.

I replaced Jim and positioned Jan so I could fuck her doggy style; I started rhythmic thrusts into her plus I was whispering to her how much I loved her but that she was such a slut to fuck the two of us at the same time, and that she loved cock, and that I was going to spray the insides of her cunt with my juice. She responded well to all this and kept saying, "You're right! You're right! Fuck me!"

I watched Jim and Jan kissing, then Jan was sucking on Jim's limp penis again and that was a turn on. I could look and see those heels. I thought of Trish and June in the other room girl fucking. I could feel Jan massaging her clit and fondling my scrotum, then I could feel her muscles spasm and contract against my rod. I came again! Wow! Stars shot across my sky; I saw fireworks -- didn't matter whether my eyes were open or closed. 

I fell off Jan. She rolled over and pulled Jim and me into her breasts. Her nipples were still erect and alert. I gently tweaked one with my lips. She scolded me in mock shock. 

After a few minutes of cuddling, I moved and turned out the dim light in our room. I again tiptoed into the next bedroom. June and Trish appeared to be asleep. The covers were off their bodies and they were holding each other with slack arms suggesting they slept. I tiptoed to the bed and kissed each of them, pulled up the sheet over them, and went back to Jan and Jim. I pulled the sheet over us and the three of us went to sleep too.

###

I was again the early bird the next morning. I meditated and did some affirmative prayer, thanking the Universe for my friends and the love I felt and wanted to give. I kept thinking, "Thank you, thank you, thank you."

Trish came and joined me finally. We lay down on the patio couch and I spooned in behind her naked body. We both closed out eyes and relished our contact and the love in our relationship. 

I finally asked, "Did you have a happy night?"

"Oh, yes. Really, yes!" Trish replied. "I can't believe I'm so turned on by another woman, two other women actually. I've had my juices flow over you and a couple of other guys in my life, but wow! June and Jan really stoke my fires. If you'd told me I was bisexual a month ago I would have said you were nuts." She paused then went on, "But don't you worry, I'm still going to be your wife, I just have more options for how to please myself. Much better than that battery operated gizmo you bought me a couple of years ago," she said laughing.

I chuckled and kissed her tenderly. "I'm glad you like my friends -- our friends. I actually think all this might stick together for a while. There's a lot of love and caring in this group." Trish wiggled into me and just said, "Yea, I know."

Eventually Jim appeared, limp dick swaying in the morning air. He was sipping some of the coffee I'd made earlier. He took one of the chairs, looked up to sky and spread his arms and said, "Thank you." I knew what he meant.

June was next out. She kissed me, gave Trish an even deeper kiss and then settled into Jim's lap. I guess there was some memory about Trish from the night before. Most of the time we were silent and enjoying each other's presence and the closeness to nature and the woods. Finally Jan appeared; she kissed everyone and huddled into my available side. She announced, "I want everyone to know that having two guys turn you every which was but loose is a very, very, very nice experience; and, well, my pussy is sore this morning but I wouldn't trade a minute of what we did. In fact, as soon as we can I'd like a rematch." She gave us all a big smile then added, "And to think I was a virgin six weeks ago. Wow, what a change!"

June then said, "I wasn't a lesbian until about six weeks ago. Now, well, I guess I'm bisexual and I love it. It doubles my options for a date." She snickered and wiggled her bottom across Jim's lap. Jim loudly slapped her buttocks and June screamed in surprise.

I announced, "Shower time!" stood and headed to the outdoor shower. After I got the water temperature about right I went under the water. Trish came and joined me, and soon the other three. We took turns soaping each other up and rubbing bodies together. Eventually the sex juices we'd all slept in from the evening before had washed off. 

I suggested a morning run again and then brunch. There was some fake grumbling about me being a fitness addict, however in half an hour the five of us headed out the door at a brisk pace. We did a long run, in part because we got lost trying to find a return route we hadn't been on. We all needed another shower upon return.

We sat and cooled down from the run then Jim and I went to the workout room and did weights for twenty minutes. When we came back to the patio three nude female bodies decorated the furniture; each was clean having been in the shower. I asked, "Alone or all together?"

Jan said, "Why all together, of course. Why pass up a chance to have you pussy loved by anyone." All three of the women looked smug.

Jim and I stripped and also showered. He looked worried. I said, "Don't worry. I love you but not in that way." He relaxed.

We headed out and found a nice restaurant with large sign advertising "Brunch". We sat on the restaurant's outside deck and refueled our bodies and enjoyed too many cups of good coffee. Our conversation ran all over the place again until June asked Trish a probing question about relationships.

"Trish," June started, "You two have an open marriage and are committed to each other's growth and happiness, but how do you know how far you can go before you have to communicate with each other, say about a new person you like or something less dramatic?"

"Whoa," Trish said. "You've asked about three questions in one statement. Let me try to break all that apart, and," she looked at me, "you help too!" I nodded.

"First off, we both know that it's not necessary to ask permission to pursue whatever potential happiness confronts us. We each know we're the home base and that each highly values the other's happiness. The other side of that is that we respect the other person and we both try to avoid 'surprises,' but after we've been with each so long they are few and far between. I actual relish them for it brings me out of my comfort zone and I can feel myself grow when that happens."
