 Julian had cleared it with his boss to take two weeks vacation so that he could visit his aunt and cousin in Paris. During the months leading up to his departure, Julian continued his new found bisexual life style. He took the female hormones given to him by his aunt and he was thrilled the way his breasts were developing. They did not get overly large but they were firm and well shaped. Julian continued to date women but when he had no dates on the weekend he visited the gay bathhouse in the Village. He was well known there by now and the other men loved his breasts. At times when Julian was in the mood for a quickie, he dropped in at the gay adult video store.

Julian stayed sexually active during the days leading up to his trip but he still looked forward to Paris and whatever his aunt and cousin had planned for him. Finally the day arrived and Julian boarded his flight from New York to Paris. The flight took about seven hours and when Julian arrived his cousin was there to meet him at the airport as soon as Julian cleared customs. When Julian saw his cousin Pierre he ran to him and hugged him as if they had not seen each other for years.

"So how was your flight?" Pierre asked.

"Oh it was okay but I am happy to be here," Julian answered.

"I'm glad that you could make it. Amelie will be happy to see you. She still talks about all the fun we had together in New York."

"I'm anxious to see her too."

I bet that you anxious to fuck her again too," Pierre said with a laugh.

"You know that I am and I am also looking forward to your big cock in my ass again," Julian replied.

They both laughed and then they proceeded to Pierre's car. The ride to the house took about 45 minutes and Julian felt frisky. He reached over and stroked Pierre's crotch until he felt Pierre's cock stiffen in his pants. Then as Pierre continued to drive, Julian unzipped Pierre's pants and fished the erect cock out. Pierre never looked at Julian but he let Julian play with his cock all the way to the house. Julian had even leaned over and sucked on the head of Pierre's cock a few times during the drive.

Pierre pulled into the driveway and honked the horn. Amelie came running out of the house to greet them. As Pierre got out of the car Amelie saw his hard cock sticking out of his pants. "Oh you naughty boys, you didn't behave yourselves at all," Amelie squealed in delight. She then hugged Julian and kissed him on both cheeks. 

Julian felt his aunt's breasts press against his own as they embraced and he couldn't resist giving her hot ass a squeeze. Amelie giggled and then they all went into the house. Julian was shown to the guest bedroom although he would not spend much time in it during his stay. He dropped his suitcase in the room and rejoined his aunt and cousin in the sitting room. Within minutes after refreshments the three of them were in Amelie's bedroom. 

Amelie dropped her summer dress and she was completely naked under it. Julian and Pierre quickly removed their clothes and Pierre let out a soft whistle when he saw Julian's body. Julian's breasts had firmed up and taken shape nicely and if possible his hips seemed narrower and his ass looked rounder and shapelier. Pierre's cock stiffened quickly when he saw his cousin and he immediately retrieved a tube of lubricant. Pierre just had to fuck his cousin's hot ass again.

Amelie knelt in front of Julian and took his cock in her mouth and sucked on it. Julian was already worked up from playing with Pierre's cock on the ride from the airport. Julian felt Pierre behind him and then he felt the cool sensation of the lube applied to his anus. Julian groaned softly as Pierre fingered Julian's asshole with one then two fingers. Satisfied that Julian was ready Pierre eased his cock into Julian's ass with one slow steady movement and then held still as Julian's body adjusted to the intrusion.

Pierre slowly began to fuck Julian and as he did he brought his hands around to Julian's breasts. Pierre fondled the firm tits and tweaked Julian's stiff nipples. Julian was going wild as his aunt sucked his cock and his cousin fucked his ass. Julian knew that he couldn't last another second and he ejaculated into Amelie's mouth. Pierre felt Julian's anal contractions as Julian fired jets of semen into Amelie's mouth. Pierre was next to cum and he flooded Julian's rectum with an enormous load. Julian felt cum shoot deep into him and Pierre's volcanic like ejaculation seemed endless.

Amelie stood up and kissed Julian deeply pushing his own cum into his mouth. Their breasts crushed together as they embraced. Pierre wrapped his arms around both of them and held them tight with his cock still in Julian's ass. Amelie and Julian continued to kiss and push the semen around in their mouths. Finally the three of them separated and then they got in bed where Amelie was treated to a double penetration. She mounted her son's cock while Julian entered her ass. The two young men fucked Amelie until all three of them came again and then they collapsed in the bed. They rested several minutes before they parted and got out of bed. Amelie donned a robe as did Pierre and Julian. 

"I'm so glad that you're here, Julian," Amelie gushed.

"Me too," added Pierre.

"Oh so am I. It's so good to be with you both again," Julian replied excitedly.

The three of them returned to the sitting room and Pierre served the wine. They toasted each other and sipped the wine. "Julian we are having a party here in your honor tomorrow evening," Amelie shared.

"Really, how nice!" Julian beamed.

"It will start out as a party but it will soon become a full blown orgy," laughed Pierre.

"Are you serious?" Julian questioned his cousin.

"Of course I'm serious. You will like these people. We party with them quite often," Pierre replied.

"It's true dear. They are wonderful people and I am sure that you will enjoy them," Amelie added.

"And they will enjoy you too Julian. They will love your body with your manly cock and feminine form," Pierre told Julian.

"I'm looking forward to meeting them already," Julian replied in a weary voice.

The three of them spent the afternoon chatting, sipping wine and getting caught up on news. Later Amelie prepared dinner and after dinner they returned to Amelie's bedroom for more sex. Amelie was again double fucked by the two young men and then it was time to retire. Julian returned to the guest room that night as he needed a good night's sleep and they all needed to rest up for the party. Julian laughed to himself when he saw his unpacked suitcase in the room. He decided to unpack in the morning and he crawled into bed. Within minutes he was sound asleep.

AMELIE AND PIERRE HOST A PARTY

The following morning Julian slept in late and he was glad that he had slept alone since he really needed the rest. When he finally got out of bed he went into the kitchen and found a note from Amelie. She and Pierre had gone shopping for the party that evening and they would be home after lunch. Julian made coffee for himself and found the pastries that Amelie had left for him. After his light breakfast he unpacked and took a hot bath.

Amelie and Pierre arrived home about 3:00 PM and Julian helped them bring the packages in from the car. Amelie and Pierre put the food and wine away and then they both bathed and got dressed for the party. Pierre poured a glass of wine for Amelie, Julian and himself as they waited for the guests to arrive. Julian was getting anxious to meet the guests but he was also getting nervous as he did not know what to expect. He did know that before the night was done that the party would turn into an all out orgy. 

Amelie brought Julian into the reception area so that he could meet the guests as they arrived. Pierre was also them there and the three of them greeted the guests as they arrived. Julian could not remember all the names of the people who attended the party but they were definitely all very different. Of the eight couples that attended there were three couples that stood out. An older man, probably approaching 50, had a beautiful brunette wife who looked as if she were in her early twenties. At least 25 years separated them in age. Another couple was very young probably in their very early twenties. They were both blonde and looked more like brother and sister than husband and wife. In fact the husband was just as pretty as his wife and he could easily pass for a girl; Julian was particularly attracted to them. The third memorable couple was a well tanned good looking man accompanied by his beautiful red haired wife. The woman was stunning and she wore an emerald green evening gown that matched her eyes. The there was Henri and Andre a gay couple. There were other single men and single women, some gay, some bi and some straight. Two of the larger men were dark skin Algerians. Pierre pointed out all of them to Julian. Amelie had also hired a young pretty French girl named Monique to help serve the guests. Pierre explained that Monique had been to their parties before.

Everyone entered the main room where refreshments were served to all. Pierre made his way around the guests serving Champagne and wine as Monique offered appetizers to the guests. The conversation was lively and everyone seemed polite. Julian did notice though that his bottom was touched often as if by accident by both men and women as they moved from one conversation group to another. At times the back of a hand would accidentally hit his breasts. Julian was starting to get turned on by the accidental touching and his cock was stiff in his pants.

Julian tried to ignore the sensations, the tingling and the fire burning in his loins. He tried to concentrate on the conversations and smile at the guests but the casual touching was driving him mad. Actually the touching seem to increase and at one point Julian felt that he would cum the next time someone touched his ass. All of sudden the guests turned their attention to the center of the room and gathered around in a circle. Julian joined them to see what the excitement was about.

There in the center of the room a couple was fucking right on the floor. It was the older man with his younger wife. She had her dress up around her waist and was naked from the waist down except for her thigh high hose. Her husband had his pants and underwear down around his ankles and he was nestled between his wife's legs. The wife had her legs wrapped around her husband's ass as they fucked up a storm. Julian sensed someone standing behind him and he was relieved when he realized it was Pierre.

As Julian watched the couple fucking he really heated up and then he felt Pierre rubbing his ass. Pierre used both hands to massage Julian's scrumptious ass and Julian responded by wiggling his butt. Pierre slipped his hands into Julian's pants and grabbed the panty covered ass. Julian's cock was throbbing with desire and he leaned back into Pierre as Pierre's hands came up and squeezed Julian's breasts.

"Getting in the mood?" Pierre whispered in Julian's ear.

Julian just groaned at the fondling as he continued to watch the couple fucking on the floor. Richard hooked his fingers in Julian's pants and panties and slowly pulled them down and off his legs. He admired the twin buttocks as they came into view and then he kissed Julian's ass cheeks lovingly. Julian just squirmed under his cousin's touch as he could not control his urges. Pierre moved Julian to the floor next to the other couple and placed Julian on his back. Pierre then unfastened his trousers and lowered them along with his underwear to his ankles. Julian noticed the imposing erection standing out from Pierre's body. Pierre knelt between Julian's legs and eased his large dick into Julian's snug asshole. Julian gasped as the massive cock filled his ass as he loved feeling the fullness. Pierre fucked Julian slowly and as he did, he kept his weight off Julian leaving a space between their bodies so that Julian could watch Pierre's large cock slide in and out of his steamy asshole.

Julian's clenching ass proved to be too much for Pierre and although he wanted to prolong the fucking of his cousin Pierre felt his ejaculation approaching. He sank his cock into Julian's ass all the way and filled it with his seed. Gobs of semen spurted into Julian's rectum and his anal muscles milked Pierre dry. Julian tried to keep Pierre in his ass but Pierre's softening cock slipped from Julian and he felt the cool air touch his exposed hole. 

Julian begged, "No please don't stop. Fuck me some more!"

Pierre smiled at Julian as Pierre knew that Julian would have all the cock he needed that night. Besides Pierre was anxious to fuck some of the women at the party so he moved on. Julian looked around and saw that the party had moved to the next level and that everyone there appeared to be having sex with someone. Everyone was still partially clothed which added to the eroticism of the evening. Julian spotted his aunt with the two Algerian men with their big black dicks stuffed in her ass and cunt. Julian saw the cute blonde couple kneeling on all fours side by side with cocks in their mouths and assholes. 

Just then Julian felt his clothes being removed and then he was totally naked. He was placed on all fours and the two naked men Henri and Andre penetrated his ass and his mouth. Both men were excited and it didn't take long for them to cum in Julian's ass and mouth. Then Julian decided that he needed to fuck someone. Julian saw that one of the blondes was available but he couldn't tell whether it was the boy or the girl as they looked the same on all fours. It didn't really matter to Julian however as he would be content fucking either one of them. When Julian got close he realized it was the wife who was available so he had the choice of her pussy or her ass. Julian decided to take her ass as it looked so inviting. The pretty blonde wife continued sucking the cock in her mouth as Julian entered her asshole.

Julian fucked the pretty blonde wife in the ass as she gobbled down the cock in her mouth. Julian looked over at her husband next to them and watched as he too took on two cocks. Julian decided that he would fuck the husband next. Julian was very turned on from his early fucking so he did not last long in the pretty blonde's ass. Julian's body stiffened and he shot a huge load into the girl's shapely ass. The blonde used her talented anal muscles to milk Julian's cock dry and in the process kept Julian hard. Julian kept his cock buried in the girl's ass enjoying the massage that her anal muscles provided. However as soon as her husband's ass freed up Julian pulled his cock from the wife and moved behind her husband. Julian then fucked the husband's shapely ass. 

The two Algerian's then took over the blonde wife as Julian fucked her husband. Julian watched as the massive cocks entered the girl's pussy and mouth. Julian was amazed at the petite blonde girl's ability to handle the large cocks. Julian then turned his attention back to the husband and reamed his ass. Julian caressed and squeezed the shapely ass of the blonde husband as he drove his cock all the way in. It took longer for Julian to cum a second time but his load was almost as big as his first. He was pleased that he was able to deposit two massive cum loads in the asses of the husband and wife.

Julian then stood up and moved away from the blondes. He then spotted Monique on all fours eating the pussy on the young married woman while the older husband fucked Monique in the ass. Julian was pleased to see Monique take it in the ass and he made a mental note to fuck her later. Just then Julian felt someone behind him and a nice size cock slipped into his ass. The man fucking Julian reached around and fondled Julian's sensitive tits and stroked his cock. Then the man's wife dropped to her knees in front of Julian and began to suck his cock.

"Julian you are an exciting young man. You have the cock of a man with the body of a woman," The man whispered to Julian as he fondled Julian's tits and fucked Julian's ass.

The man's wife was an excellent cock sucker and she had Julian rock hard in her mouth. Julian loved being fucked and sucked at the same time. Julian watched as another man approached them and he knelt behind the woman and pushed his cock into her pussy. Julian wondered how his aunt and cousin came to meet all these adventurous people. His thoughts were interrupted when he felt the man shoot in his ass. Then it seemed that the man fucking the woman came and then moved away. The husband and wife then left Julian standing alone with a stiff cock. Julian had not cum that time but he was just as glad as he wanted to fuck another ass.

Julian noticed that Monique was available so he positioned her on all fours and slipped his cock in to her hot curvy ass. Amelie then moved in front of Monique and offered up her pussy to Monique's tongue. Monique dove right in and began lapping at Amelie's cunt as Julian drove his cock into Monique's ass. Monique was an incredible ass fuck and she used her sphincter muscles like no one Julian had ever fucked. She had Julian on the edge of another massive ejaculation when she relaxed her muscles and let Julian slide effortlessly in and out of her anal passage. Monique had the ability to keep Julian on the edge and each time he got close to cumming she would relax so that he lasted longer. Finally Julian could not hold off any longer and he shot an impressive load in the cute French girl's pretty ass. Julian moved away from Monique as she continued to lick Amelie's pussy.

Minutes later Julian had found a cock to suck and after the man came in his mouth Julian remained on all fours to catch his breath. Julian looked over his shoulder and saw the big Algerian with a stiff cock approaching him. Julian wiggled his ass in an inviting manner and the Algerian nodded his acceptance. Julian put his head down on his folded arms and waited for the massive cock to enter him. The dark skinned man eased his well lubed cock into Julian's ass and slowly began to fuck him. The Algerian reached under Julian's body, found Julian's tits and fondled them as he fucked Julian. A shadow passed over Julian's head and he looked up to see the other Algerian standing above him holding his erect cock in his hand. The Algerian pushed his cock toward Julian's face and Julian instinctively opened his mouth to receive the impressive cock.

Julian was in seventh heaven with the two massive cocks penetrating his body. Then he realized that others had gathered around him to watch. Julian sucked and was fucked for what seemed like hours before the two Algerian's unleashed their loads into his mouth and rectum. Julian was exhausted and he just flopped down on the floor. He was in a euphoric state and everything seemed like a blur from that moment on. Julian knew that he was fucked a few more times that night but he was oblivious to who it was or how many times it happened.

THE DAY AFTER THE PARTY 

The next morning Julian slowly woke up in his bed in the guest bedroom. He was naked under the bed covers and he looked around for his clothes which were nowhere in sight. His body ached all over his jaw muscles were sore and his ass really ached. He also felt constipated from all the anal activity of the previous night. Just as he was trying to recall everything that happened Amelie entered the room.

"Well sleeping beauty awakes," she said as she approached the bed.

Amelie was wearing a robe and she let it drop to the floor. She was completely naked under the robe and Julian just stared at the attractive woman. Amelie had the perfect hour glass figure and she was very fit for a woman in her forties. Amelie then took hold of the covers and got in bed under them with Julian.

"Everyone else is still sleeping," Amelie whispered and the said, "You were the hit of the party. You were everyone's favorite last night."
