 Without waiting for an answer, Cheri sat down next to me and stroked my stomach while Steve continued to suck my cock. What a magnificent cocksucker, I really had to tell him that some time. 

"I just love to do gay guys, they're so uninhibited. So, do you just do guys, or do I get to have some fun too?"

Being a bit heavy and not much of a looker, I never had much luck with the ladies, but I did love pussy. The smell, the taste and the feel all seemed to drive me wild, but when it came to sex, I hardly ever got lucky with the ladies, and usually never struck out with the guys, so I learned to suck cock and enjoyed having sex with men.

"Actually, I prefer pussy, just don't get to have much of it. Seems that women don't fancy me much."

With a sly grin and a subtle move, she stood up and moved across me to place her beautifully shaved mound in front of my face and thrust her hips forward. I didn't need to be a mind reader to know what she wanted; I moved my lips forward to savor the nectar of this raven-haired beauty and sucked her deep into my mouth.

With Steve's expert tongue and mouth working on my cock and Cheri's hot pussy in my mouth, I gained a new life and felt my cock start to rise again. I pulled Cheri closer to me and stuck my tongue deep into her cleft and she squealed with delight. Steve got up and said, "He's ready".

Cheri dropped down to my crotch and shoved her pussy deep onto my hot cock and devoured it in one swift move. She stayed there for a second with her head lowered and it seemed she was waiting for something when Steve stuck his cock in between us and then she looked up and smiled. She turned her head to swallow Steve's cock and started to slide up and down on my cock.

Her pussy was tight and it felt wonderful. She continued to slide up and down on me and bob her head on Steve's cock. What a sight. She continued to move her pussy on my cock, but not the up and down motion she was doing, she was moving her hips back and forth and it felt great. She took her hand and held Steve's cock and pointed it at me. With a questioning look and a slight pout, she offered his cock to me. 

I took his cock and swallowed it one quick motion. All the time I was looking at her and she at me. Her eyes were glazed over and she was really enjoying the moment. She started to really ride my cock and I felt the onset of an orgasm. How could this be? I had just cum in Steve's mouth and there was no way that I was going to have another orgasm this soon.

She reached up and grabbed Steve's balls and massaged them and I could feel his cock getting bigger in my mouth. It almost looked like Cheri was pulling his cock into my mouth. Her hand disappeared and I could only imagine that she was fingering his ass. It was then that Steve emptied his load into my mouth and she looked horrified. 

"Don't swallow, I want some too."

It was difficult to not swallow, hey I love cum, but here I was with this lovely lady riding my cock and asking me not to swallow so I tried. Some of the cum started dribbling out my mouth and down my cheeks. She leaned forward and licked up the overflow and was kissing my cheek and chin. Steve finally finished and pulled his cock out of my mouth, which was quickly replaced by her mouth and tongue. We shared Steve's cum and kissed deeply for several minutes.

This only seemed to spur her on as she went into overdrive on my cock and I soon erupted into her. She continued to bounce and milk my cock for every drop and then slumped into my chest. Steve picked her up and slid her over on her back, which opened her up, and then he grabbed my head and put it in her crotch. Ahhhhh, the sweet taste of cum and pussy together. I lapped up my cum and continued to suck her cunt till she was moaning. Cheri pushed my head away and begged me to stop, as she wanted to cool down for a minute. 

"Oh my God, that was wonderful."

Steve looked at us lying there and said, "That was really hot."

He got up and went to the fridge and got a beer, he looked my way and held the bottle up with a questioning look and I nodded yes. He grabber 2 more and came back to the couch where Cheri had now sat up and was playing with my dick. We all grabbed a cold beer and took a long swallow and sat in silence for a minute.

I must have looked real funny cause I was sitting on the couch with my pants down around my ankles and I still had a shirt on. It was wet with our juices running all over it and the sweat I had worked up from this mini marathon of sex. Cheri, seeming to read my thoughts, grabbed my shirt and pulled it off over my head. Then she ran her fingers over my chest and remarked on the hair. She nuzzled her nose into it and moved down my chest and stomach till she was licking my cock and balls. She used her hands to take my shoes, socks and pants off so that I was as naked as they were.

Her mouth felt wonderful as she expertly sucked on my cock and balls. 

"Wow, you do that almost as good as Steve."

She lifted her head and remarked, "Who do you think taught me?"

"She really loves to suck cock and swallow cum. I guess I taught her well." I nodded in agreement.

Steve took a seat next to me and Cheri took the hint and moved between us and took turns sucking both of us. She was very adept as sucking and deep throated both of us. I only found a couple of women who could do that, I guess because most women don't like to suck, they just want a hard cock in their pussies.

Her cock sucking was having its effect and I noticed that Steve's cock was now getting very hard. This brought new life to mine and Cheri was having a ball. She moved over to my cock and looked up at Steve and said, "Now, do it to me."

Steve got up and moved behind her and started to lick and suck on her ass, this fueled her cock sucking and she was trying to get all of my cock in her mouth. Then Steve got up on his knees and shoved his cock toward her ass. She put her hands on her cheeks and pulled them apart so that Steve had better access to it and he shoved his cock into her. He kept pushing till his cock was totally buried in her rectum and she shoved her mouth deep onto my cock so that she looked like a piece of meat on a spit. 

Steve took up a slow rhythm at first moving in and out of her ass; which had the effect of moving her head up and down on my cock. She used her tongue to massage my cock and Steve was using her body to fuck both of us. He gently pulled her till just the head was in her mouth and then pushed her forward till her mouth was against my stomach and my cock was not visible at all. While he was pulling her off my cock, he was pulling his cock out of her ass and then he would shove his cock deep into her. 

Steve started to pick up the speed and soon he was fucking her hard and fast. Her head seemed to blur as she was sucking my cock and I knew that I was going to shoot soon. All of a sudden, Steve thrust forward causing her mouth deep onto my cock and I shot my cum down her throat. Steve was cumming I was cumming and she was in the throes of a massive orgasm. Cheri's body was shaking and tears were running down her cheeks as she was desperately swallowing the cum that was filling her mouth and Steve was buried to the hilt in her ass.

We stayed like that for what seemed like an eternity, and then Steve pulled out and sat at her feet. Cheri moved back and let my limp cock drop from her mouth. She rested her head on my leg and I could feel her labored breath on my dick. 

"I don't get to get fucked like that too often." 

"You mean Steve don't bring home a lot of guys?"

"Only once in a while, and most of them don't want anything to do with me."

"Most of the guys I bring home see her and leave. It kinda sucks cause I get their first shot of cum, Cheri comes in naked like she did earlier and they pull up their pants and split."

"I really love to do couples. First time I ever did it was the best night of my life, I just cant seem to find couples that want a guy, and if they do, the guy is usually straight and would never think of having a cock in him or another guy sucking on his."

"It makes me so hot to see two guys going at each other. My pussy gets so wet and all I want is to join in and have these two guys with me so that we can pleasure each other over and over."

I hugged Cheri and Steve got up and joined in the hug. What a feeling having these two beautiful people naked bodies tight against mine. 

"So, do you like to get fucked in the ass too?"

Cheri's question took me by surprise. "It's been a long time since I had a cock up there, but the last time I did it I liked it."

Cheri giggled and jumped up and ran into the bedroom. Steve sat next to me and placed his hand on my cock. I leaned over and took his cock into my mouth. His cock was still slick and sticky with his cum and I licked it clean and sucked it deep into my mouth. Cheri came out of the bedroom with a dildo that looked kinda strange. It was a big cock with a set of balls on it and a smaller one on the backside and an area where you could attach straps on to it in the middle. I quickly figured it was so that she could strap it on and stick the smaller cock into her pussy, which gave her the appearance of having a cock. 

I was still sucking on Steve and watching her with this dildo. She strapped it on and it looked exactly like I thought it would. She lubed it up and slid around to my back and rubbed it around the crack of my ass. It felt strangely warm and she pushed at my asshole. It went in with some difficulty and she slowed down as I jumped at the feeling. 

"Don't worry, I'll go slow. I don't want to hurt you."

The sensation of having this object shoved into my ass was different, but it felt good and now it was my turn to be skewered. She was true to her word and slowly inserted the tool into me till the entire rod was deep in my ass and I lowered my mouth on Steve's cock till I had his whole cock inside. Now I know how she felt and I loved the feeling. 

She manipulated me like Steve had done and as she pulled out I felt empty, but when she pushed into me I thought the two cocks were going to touch. I felt so full. I massaged Steve's cock with my tongue as Cheri had done to me and I heard him moan. Cheri picked up the pace and now it was my head that was a blur on Steve's cock. Steve grunted and spewed his hot man goo into my mouth and I felt a strange thing as something warm invaded my ass. Cheri had filled the balls with a warm liquid and as she had her orgasm, she squirted the liquid from the balls into my ass and it felt like my ass was being filled with cum. The effect had taken me to new heights and I shot my load again. We slumped into a big mass on the couch and lay quietly for several minutes. I let Steve's cock slide out of my mouth and felt really empty when Cheri pulled the fake cock out of my ass. She crawled up next to me and hugged me.

She gently stroked my hair and kissed me gently on the cheek. I could feel her tits on my back and the stiff nipples seem to poke me but it felt wonderful and I hoped it would never end. What a night, four cocks and a pussy, I never had such luck before. I was exhausted and drifted off to sleep. 

When I woke, I was in this strange place on a couch, with a beautiful brunette lying on top of me and some guys cock inches from my mouth. It wasn't a dream. I was really here and all of this had really happened. I moved to see if I could find a clock and see the time. There was a clock on the VCR on top of the TV across the room and it read 10:30. I felt Cheri move and I shifted a bit and she awoke, looked at me with those beautiful eyes and smiled. 

"Sorry, I didn't mean to wake you."

"No problem. You hungry?"

"Famished."

Steve woke up and looked down at us. "If you guys will get up, I'll make some coffee."

Cheri sat up and then I could get up and then Steve rose and walked to the kitchen area. He was busy making coffee and Cheri hugged and kissed me. She was still wearing that funny dildo. I looked at her and chuckled. She chuckled likewise and took it off. 

Cheri walked over to Steve and kissed him on the cheek and started to make breakfast. Both of them were naked and it didn't seem to bother them so I didn't seem get worried about it either. They were talking in hushed tones and I really couldn't make out what they were saying, but they were giggling like schoolgirls and having a good time. Steve came out of the kitchen area and offered me some coffee. 

"There's milk and sugar on the counter if you want."

"No thanks, black is fine."

"That's how I like mine, Steve's the woosie who has to have milk and sugar." She laughed at that statement and I enjoyed the sound.

Breakfast was light, bagels and cream cheese. Cheri brought them out and sat between us and we greedily ate them up. We sat quietly eating breakfast and then I decided that maybe I should get dressed and leave. I wasn't quite sure how to do this without being rude. After all, these two had shown me a wonderful night and just getting up and going was not going to be very sociable. Cheri again seemed to read my thoughts.

"We will see you again won't we?"

She is very intuitive I thought. " I would like nothing more than to see you two again and again."

Steve's face brightened and he said, "OK then, let's get back together soon."

I felt a bit funny, here were these two "kids" wanting to be with me. Neither one of them out of their thirties, but both very mature in so many other ways. 

"I'm surprised that you would want to be with an older guy."

"We've been looking for someone like you for a long time. Sure we found a couple of younger guys that were as uninhibited as you, but they always wanted to do orgies and we just not into that. There are a lot of things that can hurt you now days and besides she really likes you and thinks your cute."

Wow, not a whole lot of women think I'm cute and now this raven-haired beauty thinks I'm cute? Maybe she just likes the way I suck pussy. 

"I don't live to close to here."

"No problem, we can come to you too. I got a car and Steve and I both drive."

I started to listen to myself. What the fuck was I doing? Here they are. Wanting to fuck and suck on a regular basis and I'm trying to push them away. Isn't this what I always wanted a cock and pussy at my beckon call? How can I say no. 

"Well OK then, here's my phone number."

We exchanged numbers and finished our coffee. Cheri kissed me long and deep. She fondled my cock as she did and I felt Steve suck it into his mouth. 

"One more for the road?" she asked.

I smiled and took her tit in my mouth and slid my hand down to her wet pussy.