 Call me crazy but there is something about small men that turns me on like a hot sizzling light bulb.The little bodies are tight bundles of concentrated energies that no regular man can match in bed. Their cocks don't compete with their heights but way surpass them. (wink) You know what I mean. Nature sure has her ways of compensating.

Summer is obviously my most loved season as the approach of the circus awakens not only the sleepy Texas town I live in, but also my sex drive. The girls on the trapeze, the men with bulging biceps pulling chained elephants and the viciously roaring tigers cause a whole lot of excitement amongst the adults, but for the children and me it's those little guys with round red plush noses and stocky legs that do the trick. While the little ones squeal with laughter, in the darkness I slowly massage my cunt, saturating my satin panties with sweet smelling moisture. To feel those dicks engorged in my mouth, fucking my cunt and arse would be sweet heaven. The anticipation of raw sex with a dwarf would always put me on a high drive for a good shag.

After the show is over I like to sneak over to their trailers like I'm doing now. Slowly with all the stealth I can muster, I make my way round the trailers in the cloak of darkness, gently open the dwarf trailer door and voila! make a grand entrance in my birthday suit. Believe me, I am a much awaited present . In fact I am quite famous amongst the dwarfs of different circuses and they keep abreast of my doings when they happen to meet up.

But I am a jealously guarded secret not revealed to regular circus men . Why? Because I am a drop dead buxom blond bombshell. Five foot ten inches and 38DD. I am a sex-crazed Amazonian goddess in front of those little men. They love to climb up on me and suck my big pink tits like greedy little piglets.

My cunt is a huge canyon no Indian or cowboy would want to leave. It's a blond bush of unlimited fuck which no woman can beat as I can put my legs behind my head while lying in a missionary position. So now you know why I am guarded so well by my pets.

Did I move off the topic? Can't blame a girl for a little bit of vanity.No more diversions. Where was I? Oh yes, making my way towards the Trailer. The Barnaby circus is in town this season so I'm going to fuck top class dwarf cocks.

This time I'm not entering as a nude slut but as a sleazily dressed whore . I'm wearing a cheap see through black cotton bra and crotchless red satin panties. My dwarf Howard loves these red panties . Last time he wore them and put on a sassy show for me which resulted in a all night fuckfest.

Slowly I enter into the trailer. The lights are off.

"Funny " I think "maybe Howard's off for a game of cards"

"Surprise!" I hear three male voices shout. In front of me I see Howard, Matthew and Chris - my dwarf fuck buddies. And what is Howard holding in his hands? A birthday cake shaped like a penis with two candles together making a grand thirty.

Overcome with emotions I fall to my kness to recieve a kiss on my lips from Howard . "Happy birthday darlin' we thought we would have a party for you and with you."

He places another peck on my lips. Disappointed I pull him closer and give him a nice French kiss with my tongue swirling in his mouth exploring the domain with vigorous enthusiasm. Feeling his hands get under my short tank top I quickly take the tank and shorts off to reveal my see through bra and red panties. Howard draws a breath in and rips off the bra and takes a pert nipple in his mouth . My head falls back feeling the pull. Suddenly I feel another mouth suck my other tit.I grab both the heads and moan "Oh! this is too good to be true! Two of my darlings!"

But wait! I feel a tongue snake into my cunt. Surprised I open my eyes to see Matthew buried in my cunt, sucking at the juices. My clit begins to flow under his expert tongue flicking technique. 

Unable to stay in the kneeled position I pant, "Let's lie down. I want all three of you."

Howard moves away and looking at me straight in the eye says, "No hon - keep kneeling - this will be fun"

All three come and stand before me .Howard pulls out a red scarf from a nearby drawer and ties it round my eyes.

I hear his voice say "Sweets, tell us later who fucked you from where and if you win this game you will get unlimited passes to all the circuses that pass through this town for next two years."

I suck my stomach in excitement .Light kisses are peppered all over my body and nimble fingers begin their explorations through all the curves and crevices.

"No foreplay," I pant. "Give me my birthday fuck"

Low laughter greets my statement.I hear a whisper of movement behind me and feel my taut cheeks being parted . A hard cock invades my arse and a shot of pain sears into my womb. The hard shaft drives harder and the skin around my hole grips the dick like a clamp holding it in place . Small hands grab my waist from the back and the hard rod tries to move in deeper and deeper like a well oiled drill.

"Ahhhhh" I begin moaning .I start to move into a doggie style position and hear a whisper say "No cherie" and I am kept kneeling . Through the blindfold, I feel a small presence come in front of me and another dick enter into my drenched cunt.The two dicks meet in my quim . I become the hole that binds them together.The hard force of the pounding makes my tits real hard and a mouth starts sucking them in turns.Pulling at the nipples , grazing them to high peaks with sharp teeth and twisting and turning them driving my senses crazy. 

Unable to hold back I feel the spasm and say " I'm coming" 

Again the low voice whispers "No way,not yet"

And all three pull away leaving me to my wretched aroused misery."Please don't leave me like this" I moan.

A hand gently moves the sweat drenched hair away from my face and a voice says"We don't plan to".

I am gently made to stand and taken to what seemed to be Howard's bed from what I can remember of his trailer layout. I try to lie down but am held back again.My left wrist is taken and tied to the post. 

I hear what sounds like Matthew's voice say"Step in"

Unable to understand I reply "huh?"

"Trust us just step in"

Blindly I take a step into the darkness and feel cold metal against my calf.And just as I'm getting a bit doubtful my right wrist is also tied to another bed post.

"Raise your left leg now" I am instructed.

"This is spoiling the sex" I snap at them.

A sniggering voice replies "You will love this." 

My left leg is also tied to a post .Standing on one foot I have a hard time balancing and then my right leg is raised and tied to the last post. And then it dawns on me . I am tied to a bedframe without a mattress facedown. I am the Mattress!! Sweet mother of jesus what a fucking turn on!

And just as suddenly my butt cheeks are parted and a dick again slams into my rectum. The slapping of the balls against my butt makes my clit warm up again and the juices begin to drip on the floor.

"Want more, sweet cheeks? a voice caresses my mouth and then I feel my clit being sucked from below and two fingers being shoved up my cunt searching and finding my G-spot. My nub becomes swollen and the pleasure has me thrashing my head from side to side. 

I am unable to hold back my screams and a hand grabs my head, lifting it up and a huge pulsating dick is rammed up my throat. Unable to accomodate the dick my jaw muscles are stretched to the limit and I start to gag. Tears fill my eyes but the pleasure of having such a heavenly organ in my mouth makes me want to give it a vigorous suck . It is my personal sucker , my musky lollipop. I begin to suck on it , alternating with wrapping my tongue around the uncircumcised head and finishing off with feather light chews which has the dwarf shudder and push so hard into my throat that I can feel his hair and balls ramming against my lips.

Groans and grunts fill the air. I've become a hot bed of seething pulsing pleasure with a man on my arse, another sucking my pussy below and a dick in my mouth.Hot streaks of orgasms start to seep through my cunt , flaming my womb and teats. Through the shudders I suck harder on the dick drawing it as close to the back of my palate as I can.The balls start to tremble and my hair bunches up tight in a fist making the pain a pleasure. A spurt of hot pulsating cum explodes in my mouth and I swallow the results of my diligent efforts. The dick goes flaccid in my mouth.

But the other two dwarfs are still working on my body .I feel two stocky little hands grab my nipples from the back and with the pounding the chest heaves against my back.The pounding becomes harder engorging my clit again which now houses another dick. The fucking is intensifying .The wave of orgasms is driving me mad and I am unable to catch my breath.

Squeals of unresticted orgasms fill the air and are replied by loud grunts.The pounding from above and below make my body into a taut spring being pulled beyond it's limits.

"Can't take it anymore , it's too good " I scream and beg for mercy . But the men continue to drive into my sweet slivers. Harder and harder and just as suddenly I feel the shudders pass through their bodies and their thick fluids shoot heat within me.

Catching their breath I feel them moving away and I am untied and gently laid down on a satin sheet. 

Thinking it's over I try to get up but a hand pushes me back to the ground. Lying back I try to relax but a tongue again parts the hair of my bush and licks my nub . I jerk up but feel my hands being held back and two sets of lips begin to lick my body up and down as if I am one big ice cream. 

The sensations of wet soft tongues licking and sucking on different parts of my body is too much .  My bottom is grabbed and my nub is sucked real hard. Unable to hold back my pelvis starts bucking on the dwarf's face and he is mired in my juices. A gigantic climax grips me and leaves tiny hot shudders fingering through each ends of my nerves.

The dwarfs withdraw and I am left alone to catch my breath.The scarf is removed from my eyes and I see my three naked lovers in their small glories and huge peaceful dicks standing over me.

Boyish smiles light up their faces and Matthew asks, "So, honeypie, who fucked you from where? Remember it's a contest."

Pulling my crotchless panties back into place I kneel again to be at their eye level and wearing my best school girl expression reply "Matthew is an arse dwarf, Chris loves the clitoris and you, my favourite big boy Howard have always loved to hear me gag on your hot meat. " I raise my eyebrows and ask "Do I win?"

A wild whoop is let out , a small hand smarts my bare bottom and Howard stroking my clit back to life says "Yes sweet hot pussy, not only do you win two years worth of free circus tickets but along with it free dwarf fucking and a clown thrown in"

My night is made and Aaaaaaaaaa .... as Howard's dick enters into my vagina I realise the evening is still young and rearing to go.