 It was a hot muggy afternoon as I sat on the back porch daydreaming of being some place far off with several handsome hunks to wait on me hand and foot. When the phone rang and brought me back to reality. It was Kaci on the phone inviting me to attend a citywide bbq down town. At first I told her thanks but no thanks because it was so hot outside and then being around all those people and the many grills. She asks again and finally I agreed to going. 

“Ok be ready in 30 minutes,” she said.

As I sat there listening to a dial tone I thought to myself, 30 minutes is not long and jumped up, showered quickly and threw on a soft blue sundress and slipped on a pair of flip flop shoes. I pulled my long hair up and put a clippie in to keep it up off of my neck and shoulders. Just at that time I heard the honking of Kaci’s car out front. I ran out the door and got in her car asking what the big hurry was as I noticed how pretty she looked. She is not a very tall girl. She is thin with medium size breasts and a nice round ass. Her long blonde hair was pulled up in a ponytail. She turned and smiled at me with a twinkle in her bright green eyes.

“We need to hurry because Aimee just called and said the place was packed with sexy men!” she said.

Aimee is also blonde but a dark blonde with light blue eyes and small features. She is probably about 5’9” and thin with small tits and ass. And then there is Becky a red head with brown eyes and built like a brick house. She enjoys lifting weights and working out, she is an aerobics teacher. As for me, well I’m 5’7” with long dark brown hair and dark brown eyes, almost black. My skin is a deep brown tan color; I have firm tits with small nipples. Tight round ass, long shapely legs and a killer smile I am told. All four of us are what some call ‘third look girls,’ for those of you who don’t know that means when a man sees us he has to take not only a second look but a third because we are such attractive women.

Laughing as I nodded to her, then we had better hurry for sure. As she drove she went on about how she wanted to find a man that could last as long as her during sex. I joked with her that she could find something in that model at the adult bookstore and that she better stock up on batteries. Once we got down town and saw how many people were there we both looked at each other and took a deep breath and decided to jump in the sea of people. I thought to myself that we would never find our other girl friends in all these people. But it was not long before we did and all started out on the manhunt. We pretended to be there for the music and the wonderful exhibits as we strolled thru isle and isle of booths. 

It was not long before the men’s heads were turning and the smiles got splashed. After a bit of flirting we decided to get a cold drink to help cool down. We sat down at a table under a tent and sipped on our drinks. It was not long before the tables around us filled up with men. But one table had five nice young sexy studs at it and they were interested. I flashed that killer smile in their way and got five back. After a few smiles had been sent back and forth one of them got brave and came over to me and asked if he could buy me another cold drink. 

“Yes that would be great, thanks,” I said.

The other girls didn’t even notice he had come to the table and spoke; they were knee deep in flirts with old men at neighboring tables. As the young beef cake walked over to buy the drink I checked out the other four and they were grinning ear to ear as they looked me up and down. He returned quickly with my ice tea and blushed as I told him thanks and asked about how his evening was going. He answered politely and shifted back and forth with is head down and a big smile on his face. Then he excused himself back to his table. I decided to have a little fun while my girl friends flirted with their dinosaurs. I turned and sat so that the young studs could see that I had no panties on, I slowly changed my position and flashed my nude cunt to them. Not all were watching but the two that saw soon informed the other three about what they missed. Now all five had their eyes glued on me. I smiled and gave another little flash this time it was not missed by any of the young bucks. Their seating positions soon started to change as well, it seemed they had ants in their pants now and could not sit very comfortably. 



I watched them for a bit then turned my attention too what the girls were doing and soon another of them came to the table and asked if he could buy me something to eat. I smiled and declined his offer. After a little small talk he returned to his table. The girls had started to grow tired of this group of men and were ready to get back to the manhunt. I gave the young men a little longer look of my bald cunt and left them with a wink. It was not long before I noticed the group of young studs was following us. Finally I motioned for them to come closer. Once they had all approached me and pulled their tongues back in their mouth I told them if they wished to walk and talk with me I would be up for that. They all agreed it would be fun to do just that. 

Soon my girl friends had left me to the young guys and moved onto the dance floor. One of them asked if I would like to dance. I declined the offer telling him I was not a big country and western dancer. They asked what kind of music I liked to dance too, and after I told them that I enjoyed belly dancing and slow dancing they insisted I show them some belly dances. And after a bit of begging from the five of them I agreed. I told them we would have to go behind a building because I didn’t want to belly dance there on the dance floor and draw a lot of attention to myself. They agreed and off we went to find a belly-dancing place. As we walked one of them got a little brave and let his hand “bump into” my ass. I looked at him with a knowing smile and he blushed and looked at the ground. 

Once we found a place they stood back and waited like little boys waiting for new baseball bats being passed out for free. I started out with some basic moves, as it was a little hard to dance with no music. Finally over at the bbq they played something a little faster and had a beat that I could move too. The guys watched my body ripple and move as their mouths dropped open and their pants grew tighter in certain areas. Once I noticed their cocks were getting hard I added more erotic movements just for them. One finally had the balls to adjust his and ask me if I fucked as good as I danced. Smiling at him I answered with a soft yes, probably better. I thought they all were going to cream their pants on that comment. I laughed a little and then another one said well were do we need to take you to find out? I enjoyed the boldness of him and his question. 

“Lets sneak into this empty building and find out” I said.

They all quickly agreed and followed me in the broken window. Once inside we found a room that had no windows and a door. I instructed them to all get undressed and they did just as I asked in fast-forward. I stood there admiring these five hard studs in front of me. One of them spoke up and said can you undress now please? I picked my dress up at the hemline and pulled it over my head that left me standing there nude. I was worried they might hurt themselves as their jaws fell to the floor. 

“Are you guys going to let me just stand here all evening?” I asked.

They all looked at each other for a second then two of them moved over to me. 

“Turn around so we can see the whole package” one said.

I turned slowly giving all a good look at me as they moaned and sighed. One of them was really nervous and made the comment that he didn’t know if this was a good idea.

“Look at her nude, muscular, perfect butt!” “It’s a perfect idea to me,” another said.

One moved next to me taking me in his arms and kissing my lovely, pouty lips. 

“I love kissing, your lips are so soft and full and oh so sexy.” He said.

“Give me your cock,” I said as I kneeled down in front of him.

"Mmmmmm you’re so hard for me! My hot breath made his prick jump as I brought my face to his crotch. My hands steadied his throbbing cock as I licked out my pink tongue and dug the tip of it into the tiny slit in the tip of his cock. Then I kissed it.



"Succkkit, baby," he groaned, "oh suckkit!"

My mouth slid down over his dick, my teeth raking down his cock head as

I swirled my tongue around. The warm, wet feeling of my mouth made him shiver and groan in pleasure. I take in a sharp breath through my nose as I let his cock slide slowly up into my throat. His cock in a wet, sweet heaven as my head bobbed up and down over his stiff cock, my cheeks going concave, giving my face a lean, snake-like look as I sucked his prick. The guys standing watching with their hard cocks in their hands commented on my tits… 

“Her tits are perfect, they are full, ripe, and more globe-like than any I have seen” one said. 

The one behind me moved over closer and slid a hand around to cup my right tit, feeling its heavy, soft lushness weigh in his palm. My beautiful breasts are large for my small frame, but not huge, 32C. My nipples are magnificent, like an eraser on the end of a pencil and taut, wine red, popping out stiffly when I am aroused, like now. My aureoles are a light pink and cover a small oval over the middle of my tit. I love to have them sucked and licked as well as bitten. 

"Ooooo," I said.

Moving my mouth off of his wet cock, 

"I always love to have my tits touched." I moaned.

My mouth plunged back down, driving him wild with erotic need. The one behind me ask for us to get into a sixty-nine with me on top of him. Once into position he looked down at my adorable ass just above his face. My mound was shaved bald and so baby smooth. He scrubbed his fingers thru the glistening puffy lips of my cunt, causing me to moan in expectation with my mouth still full of his stiff cock. He continued to move his hand in between my opened thighs, rubbing and teasing my swollen, pouting cunt lips. My outer lips parted slightly allowing my inner butterfly wings to swell out like a blossom of exotic flower petals. My erect little clit poked out of the gothic arch of my cunt. He slid his hand back and forth along my warm slit, smearing the beaded drops of moisture oozing out across my cunt flesh. Then he cupped my moist labia, slipping his middle finger into my hot fuck hole. 

I began working my way down his legs between long licks and kisses to his aching cock. My hand gripped his balls, squeezing them as the other guy fingered my open cunt. He started kissing up my left thigh as he worked his middle finger in and out of my slit, coating it in my warm cunt honey. He stuffed his face into my cunt.

“OOH your slit is heavenly scented,” he said.

Then I groaned and cried out in pleasure as he placed his lips back on my cunt, sweetly kiss-sucking at my dripping fuck hole. I quickly slid my mouth back down around his jerking cock as we kept up a feverish, writhing sixty-nine-six for the next five minutes as the other three stood jerking at their hard cocks watching. 

"Suck me there, oohhhhh goddd, yesssss, suck my cunt right there!!" I groaned at last, letting his cock fall out of my mouth with a spit-wet slurp. The one I had been sucking groaned when I stopped sucking him. 

“I was about to come in your mouth!” he moaned.

He had kissed and licked all up and down the inside of my sweet cunt, from the tip of my clitty to the dark, puckered indentation of my rectum as I groaned. I started kissing his balls as the other rimmed my ass. Then he slipped his tongue up and drilled it into the hot tart depths of my twat. Next he moved his lips and tongue over my rigid, blood engorged clit. He teased it with his teeth, grazing across the rounded tip of my clit, and then sucked at the whole top of my wet, oozing pussy. "Ooo jeeezus!" I cried put your dick in my pussy and fuck me! Ohhh shit, fuck me now!" He gripped my hips, just above the bulge of my butt and pulled me back against him as he thrust deep into me. One of the guys watching moved over and took the clippie from my hair letting it fall loosely all around my face as he rammed his cock into my soft, tight cunt. 

The one under me started jacking off as the third one pushed his cock to my lips and rubbed his pearls of pre cum across my lips. I grabbed his dick in my hand and guided it to my wet open mouth and sucked hard on him. He loved the wonderful sight of my firm tan buns bouncing against his thighs as he thrust deeper and deeper with each stroke. "Mmmm hummmmm!" I groaned, muffled by the cock in my mouth. "Slow down!" I warned, then pressing his cock back into my mouth as the top of my head butting against him as the other slammed his meat into me again and again. My luminous long brown hair spread over my back and covered my face in disarray as I erotically groaned and lifted my ass to meet each stroke. The one under me jerking off grunted and shot his wad up and across my neck and tits. 

The one fucking me grunted, lengthening his strokes until he was sliding his cuntjuice-slick cock in and out of me in long, generous slow motion strokes. Then his speed picked up and he slammed in and out of me, with a low groan and a deep thrust he shot his hot seed deep inside me. Know sooner had he moved back did another move in and take his place. He moved in behind me for more Doggie style, he slid in and didn’t waste any time. He started pumping in and out of me, half bending over my luscious body, so that he could reach forward and cup my swaying tits, and then roll and pinch my nipples between his thumbs and forefingers. He grasped my breasts hard, squeezing them, spreading his fingers across the tan mounds of my tit flesh until I moaned louder in pleasure. 

This one fucked me for a long time, slowly building intensity and speed with each stab into my wet hot cunt. Several times he felt his cum boiling up, just as little orgasms wracked my hole, making my cunt clench and unclench around his cock shaft. Each time I thought he would shoot into me, he slowed or stopped; just waiting, knowing he was keeping himself from cumming until he had satiated my need. He was nearing another climax; I bent forward, pulling my cunt nearly all the way off his dick. 

“I want those two still watching over here now!” I said.

They moved over to me and asked were they could fit in. I instructed one to lie on the floor next to me. He did as asked so I climbed over on top of him and grasped his dick in my hand and guided it to my pink-hot, slightly gaping pussy lips. Sliding down on him, facing him left my ass hole open for the other one. I quickly told him to get in behind me and fuck my ass. He got into place and smeared some of my sticky pussy juice up and around my ass hole. "Mmmm, hurry!" I urged, "Stick it in me! Put it in my ass! Ohhh shit, screw my ass hard!" My ass was writhing just in front of his cock. I reached back with both hands, sliding my painted nails into my ass crack, then spreading my ass cheeks wide apart, inviting his dick in as I bent forward. He pushed just the tender head in to my tight open ass, and then I pushed back swallowing his cock deep inside my ass while the other cock was deep in my cunt. I told the other two to plug my mouth and one in my hand. 

Moving quickly to my open waiting mouth one pushed his wet head between my red lips and down my warm mouth. As I lay there, naked ass raised high and my thighs spread wide, the other slipped into my hand and moaned as I started to pump his cock up and down. The last one I told to move behind the one fucking my ass and slide deep into him and fuck him good and hard. A passionate shiver rippled over my body as we all fucked and pumped and came over and over several times, changing positions many times until everyone had their turn at my ass, cunt and mouth. I moaned, whimpered, and screamed at the electrifying contact, feeling the feverish impulses of lust stabbing wildly through my body. Soon we were all quaking with wild erotic orgasms. After relaxing for a while and riding the wave of hot lust out we all dressed and left the building and went our way with a smile on our faces…