 This is part four of the Clara series. In part one, she was caught blindfolded sucking off a guy by the parents of the kids she was supposed to be babysitting. Parts two and three told how she went from a seemingly innocent girl, to where and how she enjoyed giving blowjobs, especially while she was blindfolded, and how she started giving blowjobs to her boyfriend's friends.

==============

"What was becoming of me?" Clara asked rhetorically. Clearly she liked sucking lots of cock, but was she wasn't willing to admit it to herself. Yet.

Ken and Karen watched her as she told the story of how their innocent babysitter had turned into a cock sucking slut. Not that they didn't mind hearing the story of course. Both were very horny, having recently caught the horny 18 year old, and received pleasure from her nubile mouth and talented tongue.

Now they sat naked on the sofa opposite Clara. Karen slowly stroking her husband's engorged cock while he had his arm around her shoulder, gently stroking her nipple. 

Clara looked shy, but excited, her naked body on display. She no longer was trying to cover herself, turning herself on even more as she relived those experiences in her stories. Her legs didn't press together to hide her sex. Now they were relax, and her hand found it's way between her legs, not to cover up, but to slowly rub herself.

Her other hand moved between her breast and her mouth. Sometimes as she talked about taking a dick into her mouth, her finger would find its way up there. She'd suck on it a couple of times before she'd realized she had stopped talking. Then she'd get back to her story.

"We did this for a while. Every few days, I'd come over, and he'd blindfold me."

"'I've got a new dick for you to suck today' he'd tell me sometimes. It wasn't all the time. Sometimes, I think it was someone I had before. But blindfolded, I couldn't tell for sure."

"One day after sucking him and two of his friends off he kept the blindfold on. He started rubbing my breast, and feeling my nipples. 'You really get off blowing me and my friends don't you?' His cock bobbing in front of my face, hitting me sometimes. I answered by diving to cock and starting to suck it some more."

"'Oh, you are such a cock sucking slut. I love the feel of you doing so well.' He held me, and started to pump into my face. I could deep throat him at this point, so he just used my mouth as a fuck hole. 'You ready for me to fuck that sweet pussy of yours?' he asked me. I was so horny that I would have said yes if he had let me suck him. But I hate it when he tries to fuck my mouth, so I shook my head no. 'That's OK, your mouth will work for now', he told me. 'But I'll have something special for you tomorrow when you come over.' he said as he shot his load all over my face."

"I went home kind of pissed about him just fucking my face, but curious as to what this special thing was."

"The next day I got over a little later than I said I would. A friend of his, and his girlfriend were already there. I was hoping this was going to be a normal date."

"'Normally, you don't see who you suck off', he started. I couldn't believe it, he was talking like it was the weather in front of these two people. I felt ashamed. 'But since you're late, you're going to get to meet them first. This is my friend Tony, and his girlfriend.'"

"I was confused, and apparently it showed. 'You've met Tony before, well sort of. You've sucked him off a couple of times. Amy here is one of my exes, and his current girlfriend. They like to fuck, but she's not on the pill, and he can't wear a rubber because he's allergic. So they're going fuck, and you're gonna suck.'

"'More specifically, he's going to pull out, and you're going to swallow his load, every time, until they're tired of fucking.'"

"'Thanks sweetie' the girl said. She apparently was OK with this. 'I'm glad you're able to do this for us. And I heard you took good care of him while I was out of town. That's so cool of you.' she said. She turned her head towards Tony and started kissing him deeply. She apparently didn't mind public displays of affection."

"Their hands were all over each other, and soon he pulled her shirt off, and undid her pants, jamming his hand down her panties. She wore a t-shirt, but with it off, you could tell her tits were bigger than my. A large C, maybe a D."

"I just stood there dumbfounded. I couldn't believe they were going to have sex in front of me, or that I hadn't had my blindfold put on me. Or that they knew who I was now. This was so different. I normally didn't even see the pronos my boyfriend watched while I sucked on him."

"I had heard the them of course, but watching the two of them was different. I was fascinated. I locked in on them. It was so exciting to actually watch them making out, and wanting to be watched that I actually forgot I was going to be part of it."

"She had pulled his shirt off as well, and pulled his pants down. He was sucking on her tits. From the looks of her hickies, he really enjoyed them. She held his semi- rigid dick in her hand and looked at me. 'I hear you like sucking cock. Get this thing fully hard for me.'"

"I couldn't believe she was ordering me to suck her boyfriend's cock. I looked at my boyfriend. He just smiled. Befuddled, I moved over to the couple and started sucking Tony's cock while he sucked on her tits. Does this count as being in a threesome?"

"It didn't take long for him to become fully hard and push me away. She turned away from him, kneeling on the sofa seat cushions, while putting her arms over the back. You could see her moist pussy on display for him as she spread her legs further apart." 

"My boyfriend came over and put me on my knees right in front of the action. 'Since you don't get your blindfold today, you might as well watch closely. You're going to love it.' As soon as he said it, Tony pushed his rod into Amy. I watched her pussy spread accepting his cock. In just a couple of thrust he was all the way in."

"I watched as he pumped into her, deeply each time. They both moaned from their excitement. Soon, he pulled out. I could see his cock covered in her juices. I wonder if I was that wet. I knew I always felt really wet, but I couldn't ever tell because I was too afraid to stick anything in there."

"He quickly moved to me, and I opened my mouth. I hadn't thought that I'd have to taste her. Yet I was about to know what she tasted like. While I was surprised by the flavor, I didn't mind it, mainly because there was a firm cock attached to it. The shy innocent girl I was, was gone. I really did enjoy sucking a hard cock."

"He pulled back, leaving just the tip in, and started to shoot into my mouth."

"'Don't swallow' I heard my boyfriend say. 'Keep your mouth open so we can see.'"

"Amy had moved and now was watching her boyfriend shoot his load into my mouth, just as I had watched him pump his dick into her pussy. When Tony had finished, my mouth was full of cum. My boyfriend told me 'show everyone.' I did as I was told, then I was allowed to swallow."

"'What a kinky little cum slut' Amy told everyone. 'I like her' She held her hand up to give me a high five. I hadn't noticed at the time, but my boyfriend had stripped as well. He came over, and I reached for him to starting sucking his cock."

"Looking at Amy, 'You know it takes a slut to know a slut. And you're one of the sluttiest I know.' Amy just smiled at him and shook her tits. 'Now get it nice and hard' he told me."

"She just smiled laid back on the sofa. Her butt hanging half on the seat cushion, half off. She spread her legs wide and ran her hand between them. Sticking a couple of fingers in her pussy a few times, she pulled them out and sucked them." 

'You know you love your sluts.'

"He was already hard. But I could feel his cock twitch in my mouth when she said this. He was getting off on this."

'Yes I do' he told her. Looking at me, 'So are you I bet. But still not ready to fuck though are you?'

"I didn't say anything. He pulled out of my mouth, and stepped over to Amy, plunging into her pussy with his hard cock. One thrust and he was in balls deep. I couldn't believe he would fuck someone else, especially in front of me."

"He turned, watching me. I was frozen. 'It's OK, I love your mouth, but I love pussy too. And Amy loves my cock. So Amy, or one of my other exes, will fill in for you when I need pussy. This way I can wait for you as long as you need to wait.'"

"I was in total shock. Here my boyfriend was fucking some other girl in front of me, and I wanted to yell, scream, hit him, something. And I couldn't. I just froze, and looked at him, then at her. She was staring at me, and when I locked eyes with her, she started to cum. It was loud and animalistic."

"'Isn't she so fucking hot.' It was Tony. He had started stroking his cock watching his girlfriend getting plowed. As Amy started to calm down from her orgasm, he tapped my boyfriend on the shoulder. He got out of the way, and Tony took his spot plowing into her again and again. Amy started cumming again. Her orgasm just as intense as the last one. Maybe even louder."

"My boyfriend had his cock in front of my face. Amy's cum was all over his cock. He pulled me in closer. Reluctantly, I opened my mouth, and he stuck it in. I started cleaning off her cum from his cock. 'She's such a slut. Amy can go like this all afternoon. It usually takes a couple of guys tag teaming her to truly satisfy her. We're glad you can be part of it. Cleaning us up, drinking our cum. You're a great girlfriend.'"

"I wasn't sure if I should be thrilled, or sick by his definition of a great girlfriend. On one hand, it was hot watching Amy getting fucked and cumming like she was. It was making me wetter than I had ever been. On the other, I wasn't sure about watching my boyfriend fucking some other girl. It was humiliating, but exciting all at the same time."

"Soon Tony pulled out, and my boyfriend took his place. True to his word, they went back and forth several times over the next hour or two. Both of them unloaded in my mouth several times. I would drink their cum and suck them back to hardness so they could continue to fuck her."

"Every once and awhile, both boys would be spent and needing to recoup. Amy would walk around naked getting a beer or something. Once she took a newly finished beer bottle, and shoved it in her pussy, fucking herself with it. Other times, she'd just play with herself talking dirty to me."

"I lost count as to how many orgasms Amy had. But finally both of the boys were exhausted and done. My mouth was a little sore from blowing the guys off and on for the last two plus hours. They left the two of us girls alone while they went off who knows where."

"'We're a lot alike,' Amy started. 'Did you know I was a virgin when I started dating your boyfriend?' She laid back on the sofa, not even attempting to put her clothes on yet. She squeezed her breasts with one hand, and then rubbed her pussy with another."

"'Yeah, pretty soon after we started dating, we were fucking. Then he convinced me to bang one of his friends...which lead to our first threesome. Soon I couldn't get enough cock. I was fucking him almost every day, and doing one or more of his friends at least twice a week. But I'm sure you know about that with all the cock sucking you're doing for him.'"

"'He told me all about it the other day while we fucked. He loves making girls long for his cock.'"

"I couldn't believe it, this was some plan to make me a slut I kept thinking to myself. On one hand, I wanted to fuck and finally cum like Amy had, but on the other hand, I was feeling used. I was so wet I could feel my juices running down my leg."

"'The gang bang he set up was the pinnacle however. Him and four of his friends fucked me all day long. I was so sore I couldn't walk the next day, but it was worth it. That's where I met Tony. We're more fuck buddies than boyfriend/girlfriend. But that's OK. I guess you could say I'm also a fuck buddy with your boyfriend too. It's just after the gang bang, Tony and I started hanging out more. Tony doesn't mind sharing, and I get banged every few weeks with three or more guys. Couple months ago I had everyone, eight total. That was hot.'"

"'Threesomes are great, but my mouth gets sore from sucking on the guys so much. So having you here to help was great.' She leaned over to me, and hugged me. Her skin was sweaty, but sexy at the same time. 'Only problem is that I didn't get two cocks at once. Want to see what that's like?'"

"Apparently I had a shocked look on my face. 'Don't worry, it's lots of fun, as I'm sure you'll find out soon enough. But it's good to know how works first. There's lots of ways, but let me show you the most common way.'"

"She called the guys in. 'I need a little more. Can you two get it up once more and spit roast me?' she asked as she got on her hands and knees in the middle of the floor. She wiggled her ass in the air. Tony moved in behind her, stroking his cock a couple of times before lining it up with her. Soon I heard the familiar sounds of them fucking."

"My boyfriend walked over to her, and got on his knees so she could reach his cock. Now they were thrusting into her from both ends. She quickly came from the attention she was getting. They swapped places a couple of times. Amy didn't mind tasting herself on a cock apparently."

"Finally my boyfriend started to cum, which set the other two off. However unlike the previous times, they rolled her on her back. My boyfriend aimed for her face and tit. Tony got most of his cum on her tits, but some hit her belly as well." 

"As it was their fourth or fifth loads, there wasn't nearly as much as before, but she rubbed it into her skin. 'Trust me, you'll love it when you let them do it to you.' she said looking right at me."

"'That's right you will' my boyfriend told me. He came over to me, and started massaging my breasts through my shirt roughly. He winked at me, and left."

"'It's even more fun when the DP you.' Amy said. She must have read my mind, 'You know, one fucks your pussy, while the other fucks your ass. You just want to make sure the thinner cock is in your ass, especially the first few times.'"

"Part of me was scared, the other part so horny, I would have let them fuck me anywhere they wanted if they asked. I just couldn't think straight. So I got up and left as quick as I could. Amy just laughed as she continued to rub the cum the sprayed all over her chest."

"Earlier this evening, my boyfriend called. Said he was sorry, and said that we could slow down if I wanted. Of course he came come here, and blindfolded me. I guess he'll have me as long as I'm sucking his cock. And that's where you found me tonight. He brought over one of his friends, which I wasn't expecting."

Clara looked up at Ken and Karen. She had known that she was turning them on, and they were playing with each other. Now she watched them, they were gentle with each other, and enjoying the other's touch. Karen's nipples were long and hard, and she could see some moistness between her legs. Ken's dick was standing at full attention. She hadn't recognized how thick it was, but his wife's hand barely able to fit around it. She was drawn to it, staring.

The silence was awkward. "So what are you going to do?" Clara asked them.