 Miss Annabelle Nella was a high school teacher who really enjoyed her job and loved teaching her senior class. It was, for her, great to give all the students one last piece of education before sending them off to college, where many she hoped, would make something of themselves and enter the real world off to a great start. She was thirty-four and have been teaching for little over ten years now, senior classes, and this class to her has a different meaning to her than past classes did.

It was mainly males and a few females, all in all, a total of sixteen students. It was an exclusive school, where the classes were smaller than many other schools are, which makes it all the better for Annabelle, who enjoys getting to know all of her students on a more personal level. It is still early in the year being only second quarter and she already knows her students by name and personally. Maybe that is why she is a popular teacher. Her positive attitude and personal involvement she partakes in with every student she has. Rarely does she ever have to discipline her students for they are all well behaved and do as they are told first time asked. She always had good luck with having a great bunch of students and was always proud, and sad, to see them graduate when that time comes. One of the downsides of teaching a senior class.

Annabelle walked in her classroom early in the morning, it was cloudy and rainy out, and she didn't pack an umbrella thinking it was just cloudy. She looked down at herself as she stepped by her desk and saw her white blouse wet and slightly transparent. Showing her bra a little as it clung to her body, Annabelle pulled on her shirt to get it to stop sticking to her body. Taking a seat and opening her bag, she pulled out her planner and a stack of papers, along with a food bar, she started to eat while looking over the day's lessons.

After a half hour had gone by, some of her students started to shuffle in the room and head to their desks. Annabelle addressed each one personally with a smile and the same courtesy returned. Stephen, Lindsay, and Will all took to their desks and quietly talked amongst themselves. After a little more time went by more students began to make their way in and take their seats. The first bell rang and in came all the rest from either loitering out in the hallway or just entering the building, but all were present before the second bell rang to officially start the day.

Miss Nella took attendance and started the day with a smile and good morning as she does everyday. She felt herself still a little wet from being rained on earlier and saw most her class was wet as well from walking from cars or the bus. She tried not to think about her slightly wet shirt clinging to her body and go on, not wanting to attract attention to it hopefully. Her long black hair wet as well, taking forever to dry as usual, the curse of having thick hair, she always thought. Especially when it gets wet inconveniently. All twelve guys present and all four girls present and in their assigned seats.

Some of the guys have already taken notice to her wet shirt and how it is clinging to her heavy breasts and showing off the solid shade of her bra underneath. It got all around the class for the boys, and they all looked with hidden desire at their middle aged teacher. She was curvy, and the blouses she wears that are even dry tend to show off the curves of her upper body. The hip tight formal dress skirts or the tight khaki pants she wears, allows her male students to look at her, leaving little to the imagination regarding her body shape and size. They would especially admire her round butt, it was quite plump and round and looked very good given her age.

She never really gave it much notice of how revealing her outfits were. She made a point not to show too much skin, and always thought she dressed appropriate for school. It was obvious, though, some of the boys in class would ogle her and look at her when they though she didn't know. She knew, not only from their obvious stares, but she noticed some would start to sit awkwardly during class, and would be hesitant when getting up to go to lunch or leaving the classroom. Annabelle didn't mind it, though, in fact, she sort of liked it. Made her feel like she was still desirable and had a chance of still catching a man.

She looked over at Fiona and noticed she was looking at her wet shirt, along with Sarah and Emily. Annabelle looked around the class to see who was looking and not. She knew it was wrong, but it was making her a little bit excited. Knowing she was on a little bit of display for her senior class. They were all eighteen, and technically adults, she thought. And it isn't like I am parading around naked.

Starting with the schedule of the day, Annabelle went on and started class with science. All of the students pulled their textbooks and notebooks out almost all at the same time. Leaning back on her desk, Miss Nella pushed her hips out nonchalantly as she leaned a little further. Her breasts pushing against the wet fabric of her blouse, the buttons straining against the openings, as her heavy big breasts were rising from her breathing. The students took immediate notice and would catch glimpses of it between paragraphs and pretend yawns or stretches. Of course, Miss Nella knew what they were really doing and made her a little bit more warm inside.

Her nipples slightly hardening from all the subtle attention she is getting from her students. I can't believe I am doing this, she thought as she continued the lesson.

"Ok, with that section of the chapter done. I will hand out the worksheets for you all to work on until end of the period." Her voice seemed much more lighter and sweeter to the class for having experiencing their, normally, proper teacher.

After a few minutes passed from handing out the worksheets one of the boys, Will raised his hand for help. Getting up from her cleanup job on her desk. Miss Nella gladly walked over to her student and stepped behind his chair. "Yes Will?"

"I am having trouble with a question, ma'am." He pointed out the question and Miss Nella leaned in closer to read, not noticing her breasts slightly rubbing against his shoulder as she silently lipped the question.

Will took quick notice on feeling the heavy tits lightly touching his shoulders and he looked up at her and watched her read the question silently. Her full, wet lips slowly moving as she was reading off the paper. His pants getting a little tighter under his desk and he looked straight ahead feeling his penis grow more and more. Charles behind Will took notice of Miss Nella bending over and he sat there gawking at her round, plump rump along with the two boys next to him. Her khaki pants stretching across the beautiful butt and they could see a visible panty line. Where they can kind of make out the little designs on her underwear through the stretched out dark fabric.

After finishing helping Will, Annabelle stood up straight again and went back to her desk. Will feeling his shoulder a little cold now where her once big breasts were touching. His dick throbbing in his pants as best it can given the tight space. Making him a little nervous incase someone happened to notice his crotch part of his pants twitch.

Annabelle went back to her desk, and no sooner did she sit down, another student raised his hand. This time being George, he had a question about how to explain a part of a question. She stood on the side of his desk and bent over to read the question and what he had so far. It disappointed him, but he did however, find enjoyment of watching her lips move as she silently read his worksheet. Lindsay sat next to George and looked over and caught an eyeful of her teacher's butt. She noticed how great of shape Miss Nella was in and hoped that she looked about the same when she was around that age.

Lindsay would keep taking short glimpses at her round butt, and had a hard time concentrating on her worksheet now. Softly rubbing her legs up and down, she felt her virgin pussy heat up again, like it does at night when she rubs her clit and between her pussy lips. Her panties riding up between her pussy lips as she kept rubbing her legs together, her hands at the side of her desk now. She dropped her pencil on the side Miss Nella was on and Lindsay stopped rubbing quickly and hoped no one saw what she was doing under her desk.

Miss Nella heard the pencil drop and she went to turn around as Lindsay was leaning on the side of her desk and hit the side of her butt against Lindsay's cheek. Lindsay froze at the touch, and quickly sat back up in her chair as Miss Nella quickly turned around after she felt her face rub her butt and quickly said sorry. George turned and stared at her butt as she was picking up Lindsay's pencil and slightly smiled.

By the time lunchtime arrived, Miss Nella had probably helped the whole class at least once with questions with the exception of a few students. Either shy or too embarrassed to ask, couple of the girls didn't ask either. Annabelle sat alone in the classroom as she ate her lunch at her desk. She kept thinking back to when Lindsay touched her butt with her face. It made her hot, she knew that much, as she kept thinking about the shy girl. She is cute, little skinny and short, but still growing, she thought. Long brown hair and a cute little round face, perky breasts and long, white legs that went from her shoes to the knee high skirt she usually wears.

Oh stop it, Annabelle told herself. She is your student for god sakes! Didn't matter, though, it has been a long time since she has had sex and her pussy is now reminding her about that. Not soaked, but it wasn't quite dry either. She felt it heat up and get a little wet as she sat there thinking about Lindsay and her small, sexy body.

She unbuttoned a couple of buttons on her blouse from feeling too hot in the room. Her mind straying from Lindsay to couple of her male students and what she did while helping them with their work. At the time she didn't really notice, but thinking back now, she did get a little too close and was most likely acting out of line. Though, right now, she can't shake it from her mind and it is driving her over the edge. 

Hearing the lunch bell ring, she knew her class would be coming in, all full of life again, from having food in their systems and it would surely be noisy. Forgetting about her buttons undone on her blouse, she went to the whiteboard to write out a few notes to start off the history subject. In came her students, all talking and finishing up their conversations from lunch. Taking their seats, some still talking and few watching her write on the whiteboard about various subjects and headlines for history. Her arm moving up and down causing her body to slightly jiggle with the movement.

Turning around, she had full attention from her class for all the wrong reasons. Her blouse unbuttoned a few buttons down still and they all looked at the line of cleavage, and how her breasts slightly pushed up from her bra. Her blouse showing a wide V of her upper chest, her long beautiful neck and how it showed off her slender collarbone allowing the eyes to easily move down to her heavy breasts. Her skin looking so soft and radiant, especially under the lighting of the classroom.

The students looked upon her with awe, some staring out of lust, others admiring, and none were at all displeased with the sight they were taking in. Miss Nella of course unaware of what is really holding their attention went on with the class after she saw all was back from lunch. Turning around and picking up a textbook, she opened to her marked page where she left off from yesterday and continued about World History.

Holding the book in front of her chest blocking the view from her students, they all snapped out of their trance and listened to what she had to teach, but minds still thinking about the sight. Few of the guys in the class were already excited and wanted to see more. The girls were even in a state of arousal and awe from the sight. They all knew she was a beautiful woman, a woman who was full figured and very well aged. Her soft body and how it was so voluptuous and curvy, the classy and professional look she upholds, and to see her showing that little bit of skin, have caused the whole class in a huge silent uproar of excitement and arousal.

Looking down at while reading, Annabelle noticed she forgot to button her blouse back up before lunch was over and looked up at her class with wide eyes and a mouth going dry fast. Oh my god, did they notice, she thought as she scanned her students looking in the textbooks following with her as she went on with the lesson.

Nothing seemed out of place, she looked around and saw a couple of students, following the rest, looking up at her seeing why she stopped reading. Taking a hard swallow and looking back down at the book, taking a quiet breath, and continued reading key points of the chapter.

Feeling embarrassed again for now the voyeuristic show she is giving her class. She can't help but not feel a slight tingle in her body, a shiver of bitterness and lust at the same time, giving her a numb taste in her mouth but a warm feeling deep inside her.

Feeling the edge of reason leaving her now and being taken over by her warm feeling inside of her. Miss Nella wanted to see if she could keep her class focus despite her actions. Walking around the front of the room now while reading aloud to the class. She slowly made her way to the row of desks and looked from her book while turning a page to see if any had noticed.

"Ok, I am going to call out a name, and you read a paragraph and choose someone to read the next until we finish the chapter." She lowered the book from her chest to allow her students to have another glance at her exposed breasts, slightly pushing them out to give them better views.

Walking in front of Harold's desk, she leaned over slightly and asked him to read knowing her breasts were eye level as he looked up. "Would you like to read the first paragraph, Harold?" She smiled at him in his blue eyes.

"Y-yeah, I will read." He let out, taking a swallow from the view of her big breasts hanging in front of his face inches away. Her scent strong, what she always smells like, strawberries and another sweet smell he doesn't know, but knows he likes.

"Thank you." She replied softly. Continuing her walking around the desks as Harold started to read the first paragraph.

Few of the guys looked up as she walked past to get a glance of her butt up close, no matter how many times they have seen her butt as she walked by, they would always look when they can. Few of the girls even stole some looks from her when she walked by their desks. Looking at the beautiful view of her breasts and the way her hips swayed as she slowly walked through the line of desks. A few students tempted to just reach out and grab her butt and feel how soft and plump it would be in their hands. Like squeezing soft bread dough as some envisioned doing it when she was close enough to reach out and touch.

By the time the day was over with, Miss Nella stood by the door to say good bye to her students as they left for the day. Having kept her blouse unbuttoned for the rest of the day and knowing her students were stealing many glances at her exposed chest. She decided to see what she can bring to the table tomorrow and get her class in another frenzy. Her nipples stiff from the looks she was getting from her class, especially some of the hot guys in the class, and couple girls as well. Lindsay kept her in mind throughout the day along with Will. She found herself thinking what the both of them would be like in the position she was in. Feeling their body parts and getting peeks of them

The next day she decided to wear a button white sundress with short sleeves that cover her shoulders. Looking at her body in her mirror, she found the dress wrapped around her body just right, and showed her hips and breasts off wonderfully. After fingering herself to two orgasms when she got home yesterday and thinking about it all night before she fell asleep. She wanted to see how far she could go with her students and hope they enjoy the little peep show she is planning on giving them. She was all buttoned up with her sundress, the fabric thin and soft, made of cotton and felt so gentle against her body. Putting her hair up and glasses on, instead of her contacts, she took one last look of herself in the mirror before she left the house.

Getting to the school at the same time she does everyday, Annabelle stopped off at the teachers lounge to get some coffee and headed to her classroom after talking to couple of the other teachers. Flipping on her lights and walking in the empty classroom, she sat her things down and took a seat at her desk preparing her schedule book for the day. Looking at her bare legs as the dress went above her knees as she sat down and grew a little nervous at what she was about to do today. Not so much second thoughts, as it was mainly if they would like it or not. Hoping she wasn't making a mistake, Miss Nella began to mark the textbooks of where to start for the day.

As usual, before few minutes before the first bell was to ring, a few students shuffled on in. Emily came in behind Will and Charles. She smiled at her teacher and gave her a cheery good morning. Miss Nella returned the greeting and said good morning to the three students as they came in and took their seats.

"That's a pretty dress, Miss Nella." Emily said reaching into her schoolbag and pulled out the science book and notebook. "It makes you look very bright today."

"Thank you, Emily." She said feeling fuzzy inside from being complimented by her. "Still rainy and cloudy out, so I hoped this would brighten up the day some." She said with a little laugh and smiled at Emily.

The weather was still nasty out and was making it quite humid for being springtime. And Miss Nella knew this would make for a good excuse to unbutton her sundress down low and be able to show some more skin than she did yesterday. There were only five buttons on the sundress and they stopped near the bottom of her breasts allowing the dress to be opened wide for her students to look at her. She had checked before leaving this morning of how much would be shown in front of her mirror and saw that it was enough to most likely please her students. If they were excited yesterday by the little bit shown, they will be over the edge today.

As the morning went on and Miss Nella went through science and math, now into the final subject before lunchtime. She noticed already some students admiring her in her sundress and she haven't even unbuttoned it yet. Some would try and be subtle with looking at her hips and butt when she walked around and taught from the book, or writing on the board they would look at her butt move as she wrote harder than usual. Many grinning faces and others gawking at her without a second thought of being caught. The girls were impressed still, looking at her body and how great she looked in the sundress and her hair looking shiny and beautiful all done up. Indeed a fabulous looking teacher they had.

Afternoon had finally arrived and the students were off to lunch as Annabelle went to the teacher's lounge to eat her lunch and talk with the other teachers that had that lunch period off. Talking and eating, some were grading papers and eating in between papers, and others were off in their own world enjoying the peace and quiet of lunchtime. Annabelle was thinking over how she would naturally unbutton her sundress for the class and then it came, along with another thought as well. One that had her already hot from the mere thought of it and thinking of what the class would do with this one now. Grinning now, she went back to the classroom and took her seat waiting for the lunch bell to ring.
