 "Hey Steve. Isn't that Ms. Stevenson. Over there by the bar."

"Holy shit. It is, and she looks hot. She never dressed like that in our lit class."

"No but she still looked hot then. Let's go over."

The two college juniors made their way around the dance floor. They couldn't believe that there old lit teacher was at there favorite club. Nor could they believe what she was wearing. A red leather vest stretched across her 36d chest, and clung to her 27 inch waist where it met the red leather skirt that ended about mid thigh. her 5 foot 6 inch frame was made taller by the 4 inch red stiletto heels she wore. Her black hair fell loosely down to the middle of her back, and contrasted sharply with the alabaster white of her skin. For a woman in her thirties she sure looked hot they both thought.

As they approached their former teacher, she saw them first , and set her drink down to greet them. She smiled as she gave each a quick hug.

"Steve, Scott how are you? Class just isn't the same without your smart ass remarks."

"We're fine Ms. Stevenson. How about yourself." Steve answered for them both.

"I'm doing fine. It's Mrs. Clark now actually. I got married last summer. But I guess since you guys aren't students anymore you can call Me by my first name. So no more Ms. or Mrs. it's just Brooke. Okay."

"Sure thing. Brooke." Both answered in stereo.

As she talked to them she became of their eyes roaming over her barely covered body. Not that she could blame them, she knew she looked damn good. Plus she was checking them out as well. Mainly the way their clothes clung to their muscular bodies, and the growing bulges in the pants.

"You're married. Where's your husband?"

"He's out of town. I came with some friends. We were all dancing. But I got kinda warm so I cam to get a drink."

"Well come over and sit down. We got a table with some friends over in the by the door."

"all right Just let me go tell my friends." And with that she disappeared onto the dance floor. She was back in a few minutes. Getting a beer she followed them back to the table.

Steve made introductions with the five other guys at the table, as Scott got another chair for them.

As the night wore on the group talked, and drank.

Shortly before midnight Brooke's friends came to tell her they were leaving. As she was about to get up Steve offered to give a ride after close. She told her friends she see them on Monday at work. 

A few minutes later Steve asked her to dance and the two headed to the floor. They started about three feet apart, but by the end of the first song they were almost touching, and by the end of the second there bodies were tangled together. The third song was a slow number, and Brooke wrapped her arms around Steve's neck, and pressed her body against his. He reciprocated by wrapping his arms around her waist. She could feel the bulge between his legs grow against her stomach. She doesn't pull away, even though she's married the thought of having her old student getting hard for her makes her pussy wet. Her panties got wetter as they danced. hands soon found their way to her ass. Grabbing her ass he pulled her closer grinding his cock against her. Then the song ended. They separated, and headed back to the table both flush from their own heat.

As Brooke started to sit Scott took her hand leading her back to the dance floor. She didn't refuse but actually looked forward to dancing with him. She knew she shouldn't be having these thoughts especially since she had a husband, but she couldn't help but think about having her students doing nasty things to her, while she moaned and screamed. 'I have to put those thoughts out of my head.' she thought as Scott spun her and pulled her ass into his crotch. 'But god their cocks feel so huge' She ground her ass against him. Her pussy juice was now leaking through her panties and down her thighs. 

When they got back to the table there were two more guys she was introduced to. She was about to dance sit down when another hand took hers and led her back to the dance floor. Between then and closing time she never left the dance floor for more than a minute before she was led back to the dance floor by someone else. Even to two she hadn't talked to yet. Each dance getting nastier and nastier. By the last dance her skirt was pulled up to reveal the crotch of her panties, and her vest was unzipped below the swell of her breast. She had unzipped it to relief the pressure on her hard and swollen nipples. 

After that dance she excused herself to go to the bathroom. 

Five minutes later she approached the table where all nine young men were sitting talking. She sat down took a sip of her now warm beer. Lifting her other hand from her lap, she tossed her panties onto the table.

"You gentlemen need to take me to whoever's house is the closest and fuck me hard. You guys made my pussy this wet, and you're going to satisfy it."

"Your married. What about your husband?"

"He can fuck me when he gets home. Besides are you telling me that all that time in my class you never once thought about me on my knees sucking your cock and swallowing your cum? Or of shoving your young hard cock into my dripping pussy while I was bent over my desk, and shooting your cum inside me?"

"Well yeah but..."

"But nothing, I need hard dick and you're going to give it to me. The only butt tonight is going to be mine stretched around a cock. Now let's go."

With that Steve took her hand and led her to the door with eight other guys close behind. Brooke's panties left on the table on a stack of bill for the waitress' tip.

Steve and Scott's apartment was closest, so they all quickly drove their. On the way Steve and Scott sat in the back seat with their former teacher between them. Her hands wrapped around their cocks. As she stroked them, she would move between them sucking them, but not letting them cum. At the apartment she followed the men upstairs. Once inside she found the stereo and turned it to a rock station. Brooke quickly stripped her clothes off and got down on her knees.

"Someone go get a big glass bowl from the kitchen. The rest of you get naked my mouth needs a cock in it."

Less than a minute later all of them were naked and she had Steve's cock in her mouth, Scott's in her left hand, and a black cock (whose owner she didn't know) in her right. On the coffee table behind her was the bowl she asked for, and standing around the room were six other guys with hard cock's waiting their turn.

Her head was bobbing faster and faster on Steve's cock and soon her grabbed her head and shot her mouth full of hot sticky cum. Some dribbled out onto her chin, when he pulled his cock free. Quickly she turned and spit the load into the bowl, and took Scott's cock into her mouth. The empty hand was soon full of cock again.

She did the same with Scott's cock and cum. Turning to her right she encountered her first black cock. "I've never had a black cock before. I feel like a little slut. Have you ever had a little white slut on her knees in front of you sucking your cock? Right now I'm just going to suck on it till you cum, But later I want this thing stretching my pussy and ass. I want you guys to fuck me and make me scream so loud my husband hears me in the nest state."

With that she took the cock in her mouth and then into her throat. Shortly she worked her way through all nine cocks spitting each load into the bowl. While she sucked cock the guys were stroking their cocks, and added more loads to the bowl. When she finished with the last cock the cereal bowl was almost to the rim. 

she told the guys to sit down, and they formed a half circle around the coffee table where she sat. "You' guys want to see what being a complete cum whore is about? What being a slut is about? If I show you can you guys fuck me till I can barely walk or stand? Will you stretch my holes, and make me scream?"

"A chorus of 'YES' Raised from them. With that she took the bowl in both hands and raised it to her lips. Looking straight them she drank the mixture of their cum. When the bowl was empty she lick it clean then licked her lips. The young men in front of her cheered. She threw the bowl to the floor laid back on the table with her legs spread revealing her freshly shaved pussy.

"Scott you first, since Steve got my mouth first. Then the rest of you can have me."

Brooke wrapped her hand around the hard cock and guided it towards her sopping pussy. "Fuck me hard. Fuck me like you wanted to in high school. Make me scream like some cheap piece of trash."

Scott kneeled between her legs, and guided his cock into her pussy. Taking her ankles in his hands he pulled her legs into the air, and spread them as far as they would go. As he thrust into her he would yank her towards him, and them push her away as her pulled out.

"You like that Brooke. You like having his hard dick shoved into your pussy?"

"Oh god yes. Fuck my cheap cunt. I love having my married pussy filled by your hard young dick. I'm gonna cum fuck me fuck me unnh ahh ahh ahh ahh unnh yes fill me with your cum."

Scott pounded into her pussy her juices poured out of her cunt onto the coffee table. The strong contractions in her pussy set off Scott's orgasm. He slammed his dick hard into her causing her to scream into the night for him to fuck her like a filthy bitch. His cum filled her dripping hole. 

"Steve get over here and fill me now." She yell as Scott pulled out. "And you give me that cock to clean." 

Scott's cock slid into her mouth as his cum slid from her pussy around Steve's dick..

Steve fucked her cunt like a man possessed. Wet squishing noises filled the apartment as Brooke's pussy tried not to let go of the cock, but soon it had to as Steve added his load to her hole, and pulled out.

Before the next cock could be shoved inside her Brooke rolled onto her stomach, shoving her ass high into the air. Her juices and the cum of her lovers dripped down her thighs, some had already pooled on the table top. "Uh oh" she said, "Don't want that to go to waste." She lowered her head making a show of licking the table clean, and then her lips.

"Someone get underneath me. I wanna ride someone like a bronco."

A young man with a thick cock slid beneath her grabbing her hips, and slamming into her dripping cunt. 

"Oh yesssss. Oh yeah. Someone put one in my ass, but first let me lube it with my mouth."

A black cock was shoved into her mouth, and then into her throat. The ball sac bouncing off her chin. After fucking her face the young black man pulled his cock from her mouth with a plop, and moved behind her. 

"Put that thing up my ass. Make me your little white bitch. Ohhhh. Put it in deeper."

Her ass was soon full of black cock. The cock in her pussy pounded into her, and was soon accompanied by the cock in the ass. Both holes being stretched her screams became louder and louder. "Someone put a cock in my mouth." Her request was soon filled, and her screams were muffled.

For the nest few hours she was fucked in this position. As one man would cum another would fill the vacated hole. Cum was dripping from her three well used, and well stretched holes. Cum dripped from her chin onto her tits.

By first light all the men had used all her holes twice if not three times. Her body coated in sweat and cum.

Brooke lay face up on the table as they all stood around her jacking off. She thrust four fingers into herself, and was pinching and twisting her nipples while urging them on. "Oh yeah. You guys fucked me good. I'm gonna have cum dripping out of me for days. We're going to have to do this again soon. Maybe you could get more friends. Maybe some more of my old students. And just fuck me like some cheap whore."

One by one the men shot there loads onto her face, her tits and in her hair, until only Scott and Steve were left.

"You two." She said "get something special. Scott you lay down so I can straddle that beautiful cock. Then you get behind me, but your not going into my ass."

When Scott's dick was deep into her pussy Brooke reached behind her and guided Steve's cock to her already stretched and filled pussy. Slowly she took both cocks into her unbelievably stuffed cunt. "I saw this in a movie one time and have been dying to try it. Now you two fuck me. Abuse my nasty little cunt." And with that the two started to pound into her making her scream. She shoved herself onto the two cocks until she came and then held still while they fucked her, then started in impaling herself again. Almost half a hour later the two men cam inside her. Her cunt flooded with cum. 

She scooped the cum from her cunt and put it in her mouth. Then cleaned the cocks that just came from her pussy. She sucked all nine one more time swallowing their cum greedily. As she pulled on her clothes she noticed the video camera in the corner.

"How long has that been on?"

"Since you started stripping. I keep it ready all the time. I'm a videotographer." Scott answered.

"Just have a copy for me next weekend when I come over." She said, "And make sure you have a fresh tape, and some more friends."