 Arthur Sinclair had worked up a hard sweat, and decided it was time to end the workout and head to the office. Today, anyway, would have a nice end to it he mused, as he headed back into the locker room at his exclusive health club. He nodded to some of the regulars, smiled and greeted still others, the few, the proud, the ones still working out. He removed his sweaty clothes, stripping nude and heading to the shower. He took a quick glance in the mirror, glad he was still staying as active as he was. His muscle tone and definition were still first rate, and he still had the stamina of a much younger man. He entered the shower, enjoying the feel of the water on his lean, muscled body, soaping himself, down to the crotch. His hand ran the length of his eight inch cock, and he allowed himself the indulgence of rubbing it again, perhaps in subconscious anticipation of tonight's reunion. 

He dried off, dressed, and headed to his office downtown. Arthur was an attorney, and worked for one of Miami's most prestigious firms. He liked getting in early, but made sure he did today. Rob, an old friend from law school, was in town, and they were going to happy hour later. Since Carol had earlier flown off to San Diego for a few days, he was glad for the company. He had lingering thoughts about one of the last times he had seen Rob, and as he navigated Miami's tortuous traffic on his way to the city, he found himself drawn back to that evening. 

They had met in law school, eventually becoming roommates. They had a lot in common, respected each other's intellect, and genuinely enjoyed the other's company. One night, after final exams, they had gone out with a group of their classmates to a local bar to blow off some steam. Joining Rob and Arthur that night was Inez, the top student in their class. 

She was the daughter of legendary Miami attorney Raul Jacobs, and many other students found her intimidating. In Rob and Arthur, however, she found equals, as they could argue finer legal points between themselves than they could with the other students. They had formed something of a clique, spending time studying and quizzing each other. Rob and Inez had a romantic relationship, and Arthur could not blame him. Inez had black, luxurious hair, full lips, and a stellar body, with a full bosom, slim waist, and an ample, sexy derriere. 

That night at the bar, they drank, racked their brains on coming up with answers to the questions on their exams and comparing answers, then decided to forget about it and just keep drinking. Rob and Inez were dancing, laughing, holding each other and whispering. Arthur made the rounds, talking to some of his classmates, but eventually calling it a night. He said goodnight to everyone, and walked the short distance back to the apartment he shared with Rob. 

He was still up watching television when Rob and Inez came home. "Hey, what's up you crazy kids? Thought you would go to Inez's place," Arthur said. 

"Variety is the spice of life," Inez said, and gave Arthur a long, sexy look. She was wearing a mini-skirt and a t shirt that struggled to contain her breasts. Rob chortled, as he and Inez joined Arthur on the couch. 

"What are you watching?" Inez inquired. 

"Just flipping through the channels; you want to watch anything?" Rob popped open beers, handing another round to the other two. 

"As a matter of fact, I thought we could watch a movie," Inez said. 

She got up and walked over to her purse, her ass swaying from side to side, knowing both Rob and Arthur were watching. She took out a DVD, then bent over seductively while she put it in the machine. She returned to the couch, sitting between Rob and Arthur. 

Arthur groaned. "Not one of those chick flicks, I hope," he teased. She had inflicted rom-coms on poor Rob all semester, and it was the last thing he wanted to watch right now. 

"No, I think you'll like this one," Inez said with a mysterious chuckle, hitting play and taking a big swallow of beer. 

Arthur was startled to discover what Inez had put on was a porno. The plot, what there was of it, involved two men and a woman. They were all sitting around, talking, then suddenly they were all naked. 

"That didn't take long!" Rob guffawed, Inez chiming in, "I didn't know people could take off their clothes that fast, but...Look at that cock!" she exclaimed, as one of the actors was sporting at least an eight inch cock. 

"Yeah, look at that one. But, I think Arthur has that one beat," said Rob. 

Inez's eyes widened, and she said, "Really." Then after a beat, "And you know this how?" 

They all three laughed, and finally Rob said, "Well, we are roommates, and I got a peek a time or two. It doesn't make me gay or anything!" 

Arthur said, "True, Inez, I've seen Rob's package too. It doesn't make us gay or anything. Not that there is anything wrong with that." They all laughed. By now, the guys on the screen were kissing the girl, hands all over her body while she moaned theatrically. 

Arthur found himself watching the action, and enjoying the sight of not only the sexy beauty on the screen but the sight of those big hard cocks. The actors had arranged themselves where one was fingering the young woman and sucking her tits while the other one had taken his big hard cock and was moving it into her mouth. 

Arthur, Inez, and Rob had stopped talking and just watched the sex scene on the screen in front of them. Inez then removed her top, while Arthur and Rob followed suit, also removing their pants, as well. Inez took off her bra, her massive breasts getting massaged by Rob. Arthur took his eye from the screen to stare, and was amazed by what he saw. Inez smiled, and guided his hand to her left breast. He rubbed and squeezed, then turned and kissed and licked the nipple. 

Inez ran her hand over his chest, then began furiously kissing Rob. Arthur looked back up at the screen, while he felt his cock getting harder. The guy was now eating her pussy while his buddy continued sliding his cock into her mouth. Arthur put a hand on Inez's thigh. She responded by opening her legs, and Arthur quickly moved his hand up her inner thigh. It was as soft as anything he had ever felt. He teased her panty-covered pussy with the tip of his index finger, rubbing it up and down. She moaned, spreading her legs farther apart. Rob was sucking her tits, while taking glances at Arthur. 

Inez rubbed both cocks, then stood, dropped her miniskirt, then removed her panties. Arthur marveled at her magnificent body, then stripped off his boxer briefs. His big, semi hard cock dangled in front of Inez, and she reached out and stroked it in appreciation. Rob then stripped off his drawers, leaving all three naked. 

On the screen, the young blond porn star was getting fucked doggy style, while sucking the other actor's hard cock. The three settled back on the couch, Inez kissing Arthur deeply, stroking him to full hardness. She then when down on him, Arthur groaning. Rob watched, touching his own cock, then moving to finger Inez. She swiveled around so that she was on her knees, her ass in the air while she sucked Arthur's cock. Rob got behind her and put his tool in her snatch. She continued sucking Arthur, who was enjoying the sight of Rob. 

Arthur then watched some of the movie while Inez sucked him. In the film, the men stood while the young blonde alternated sucking their cocks. Arthur found his gaze going to those beautiful cocks as he thrust in and out of Inez's mouth. The young porn actress then started rubbing the 

cocks together and her co-stars began kissing each other. Arthur moaned. 

"Like this part?" Inez asked seductively, pausing in her work on Arthur's cock. 

"Ah, yes, so hot," Arthur said. Rob had paused, Inez now slowly fondling Arthur's big tool. 

"Rob thinks so too. He loves this part. It gets even hotter," Inez said. The two men onscreen were kissing, and rubbing each other's cocks while the blonde fucked herself with a dildo. 

"Stand up next to Rob so I can suck you both," Inez suggested. 

Arthur stood next to Rob, and Inez began to alternate, sucking first one cock, then the other. Onscreen, one of the guys was deep throating the other. Arthur put a hand on Rob's shoulder. Rob turned to him, Arthur and he kissing, tongues meeting, loving the feel of Inez's mouth on their hard cocks. She would stop from time to time, rubbing the cocks together, then sucking again. 

Rob and Arthur kissed deeply, Inez increasing her pace. She then moved behind Rob, who got on his knees and took Arthur's cock in his mouth. Inez beamed, watching her man easily take in Arthur's big tool. Rob bobbed his head up and down, Arthur in ecstasy. He had never had head like this, and he felt his load building. "Suck it, yes!" 

Rob's hands were on Arthur's ass, taking his pole as deep as he could into his throat. Inez moved next to Arthur and kissed him. Arthur loved the feel of her tongue on his, and thrust in and out of Rob's hungry mouth, faster and faster. 

Inez reached down and played with Arthur's balls, while Rob sucked his cock, harder, bringing him to the brink. The scene on the screen was a hot 69, and the sight of two men sucking each other sent him over the edge, and he spurted his load into Rob's mouth. 

Inez brought Rob to his feet, and kissed him. They kissed, tongues passing Arthur's load back and forth, finally Rob swallowing it. She sat on the couch, and told Arthur to eat her. He had her lie back on the couch, and began to lick Inez's hot wet pussy. Rob was rubbing his cock on Inez's massive chest, rubbing the head on her nipples, between her breasts, finally putting his hard cock in her mouth. 

Arthur licked and sucked Inez's juicy snatch while Rob fucked her mouth. Arthur began rubbing her clit while he tongue fucked her, and Inez had to stop sucking Rob as she began to moan, loader and louder, coming. Rob stroked his shaft until he shot his load all over her massive tits. Arthur and he then hungrily licked up the juice, and kissed. 

The night was one the three agreed had just happened, laughing about it the next day, and it was never talked about again. Rob and Inez split; he moved, and married. Both Arthur and Inez remained in the area, both enjoying successful careers. As they practiced in separate areas of the law, Arthur did not see much of Inez, but he remained in contact with Rob, who was in Miami for work. The three were to meet for drinks at the day's end. 

▲ ▲ ▲ 

Arthur met the pair at the bar of a chic hotel on Ocean Drive in South Beach. Inez and Robert were seated at a table, locked in deep conversation when he approached, both of them rising and greeting him with a hug upon his arrival. 

"Talking about Blackacre again?" Arthur asked, the three of them emitting peals of laughter at the inside joke from days gone by. The server came round, all three ordered drinks, which were served up pronto. Inez seemed to command the attention of service personnel, both men and women, through the sheer gravity of her presence. 

The toast to Blackacre was made, and the three commenced to catch up on what was going on in each other's lives, with a caring that came from comrades who had been through a crucible together, in their case law school. Arthur had done well at his practice, and was enjoying married life with Carol, whom he had married after graduating law school. 

"Did she give you a hall pass for tonight?" Inez teased. 

"No," Arthur replied, "She's in San Diego on business. She was going to stay a day or two and visit family." 

"The St. Georges?" Rob inquired. 

Fantastic recall, Arthur thought. His sister, Samantha St. George, had moved to California for college and stayed; she lived in San Diego with her husband Martin and their son, Victor. 

"Yes," Arthur said. "You have a good memory." 

"Well, there's news your brother in law maybe taking MAVI Robotics public soon." Inez had an information network second to none. 

Arthur laughed, "We'll find out soon enough," was all he said. "Let's have another round. I heard somebody made partner." Both he and Rob looked at Inez and grinned. She just smiled. She had risen quickly through the ranks of one of Miami's top firms, following in her father's footsteps. She had never married, dating some of Miami's most eligible bachelors, but always keeping her eye on her career, and moving on, eventually, from all of her paramours. 

Rob had done well with his firm in Philadelphia, but he was going through a divorce, and this had put a strain on him. Arthur and he had spoken on the phone about it a number of times, and Arthur was still not sure exactly why he and Kay were splitting up. They fact they had children made things vastly more complicated. Arthur had not pressed his friend, just listened, saying he could come down to Miami and forget the divorce for a few days. 

The three of them continued drinking, adding some tapas, and debating the events of the day, enjoying the flow of conversation, and the warm feeling of friendship. They decided to continue the evening, getting into Arthur's car and heading to a nearby restaurant. They ordered appetizers, sharing them, sipping cool drinks. Then it was off to a club that featured Latin jazz. 

The three grabbed seats at the bar, enjoying the rhythms and feeling the energy of the crowd. As usual, Inez commanded a great deal of attention, but both Rob and Arthur were getting looks, as both men were aesthetically gifted, Rob was fine of feature, not quite feminine, but possessing long lashes, generous lips, big eyes, and fine fingers. Arthur was more traditionally handsome, in a more masculine way. 

While Inez went to the bathroom, Arthur took the seat next to Rob. "How's it going, buddy? Everything proceeding with the...uh," Arthur stumbled over divorce, not wanting to bring it up, but seeing this opportunity to find out what happened. 

Rob just sighed. "I got caught. I cheated on her, man. That's what happened." 

Arthur didn't know what to say, but just reached out and touched Rob's arm, trying to be supportive physically, as his words could not. 

Rob looked at him appreciatively, started to say something, then stopped. He just shook his head. He took a long swallow of his drink. Inez came back from the bathroom. She had a devilish grin on her face. 

"Hey, let's do something fun," she said. "Let's go to The Honey House." It was a strip club. In unison, Rob and Arthur agreed to go. 

They drove to The Honey House, music blasting, reaching the entrance to building, constructed in the style of an art deco bee hive, impossible to miss with a massive searchlight swiveling the night away in the parking lot. They left Arthur's BMW with the valet. Rob and Arthur each took one of Inez's arms and escorted her into the strip club. 

After Arthur and Rob each paid the ten dollar entrance fee (Ladies Free!), they walked in and grabbed a table near the back. The club was doing a brisk business, with young busty strippers mingling with patrons, beckoning them with offers of lap dances, leaning in close, making that connection with the scores of men who leered with wolfish delight and gladly handled these fine young ladies all the dough they had. 

They were all feeling pretty good at this point, Inez clearly enjoying herself. She was garnering as much attention as the knockout brunette who was working the pole to the strains of Van Halen's "Beautiful Girls." A handful of dancers came over offering table dances, but the three were so busy talking to each other, none of the dancers could get a word in. 

Rob went to use the bathroom, and Inez and Arthur talked about his divorce. Inez knew he had been caught having an affair. 

"Here's the thing, Arthur. Rob had a boyfriend. Kay found out, and that's why they split." 

"Oh shit, I didn't know. Wow." Arthur thought back to that night the three of them had crossed that barrier, and how at ease Rob had seemed with the whole affair. Arthur, though, had found something out about himself that night, but had never had another experience with a man after that. 

"He was really looking forward to seeing you, I could tell. He needs his friends now, and I know how tight you guys used to be in school." 

"Yeah, I can't imagine what this has to be like for him. Do what I can to help." 

Rob came back to the table, and the three resumed their carousing. Eventually, they welcomed a tall, pretty, blond dancer named Svetlana to hang out with them. They bought table dances for each other, each paying higher and higher compliments to Svetlana, telling her she was the most beautiful woman in the world, Svetlana a natural comedienne, dishing it back at them in an Eastern European accent and with a bemused look on her face. They three gave her an outrageously large tip and decided it was time to go. Because nothing could top Svetlana. 

▲ ▲ ▲ 

The car was retrieved, the three got in, and Arthur drove. Rob was staying downtown, and when Arthur got to his hotel, he asked if they wanted to come up. Arthur was having too good a time to head home now. Besides, he rarely saw his old friends, and there was nothing but the empty house waiting for him at the end of the night. Dropping the car with the valet, the three walked into the hotel's lobby, got into an elevator, and made their way to Rob's suite. 

They all landed on the sofa, Inez in the middle. "Some t.v.?" she asked. She turned the t.v. on, then sat back, resting a hand each man's thigh. Rob grabbed the remote, rising a little to do so. When he did, Inez reached out and lightly rubbed his crotch. She giggled. 

"I was just feeling nostalgic! I miss him," Inez said, with a genuine note of loss in her voice. 

"Didn't you go out with that guy who won the Cy Young Award for the Marlins? He didn't make you forget about me?" Rob had her in the cross-examination, moving in for the kill. 

Rob was flipping mindlessly through the channels; he then hit another button, and the pay per view menu came up. He scrolled through until he landed on the ADULT index, and brought up the menu. They called out the names of the movies as they came up, laughing at titles such as "Horny Neighbors," "House Wives Coming," "Camp Backdoor," and finally, "Party of Three." 

"Wait a second!" Inez exclaimed, "Turn on Party of Three!" 

Rob hit the Buy button, and the film commenced. "I can't believe this! This is the same movie we watched that night after finals, the night we all went out. Oh my God!" Inez said giddily. 

Sure enough, the action unfolded just as it had, low those many years ago. Rob, Arthur, and Inez watched, laughing at first, but gradually growing quieter. They were all holding hands, and the three, unconsciously, began to gently touch and stroke each other. They watched, with Inez exchanging kisses with each man, alternating. They all rose as one, and moved into the bedroom, while the scene on screen showed three porn actors in a daisy chain of lust. 

They stripped and moved to the bed. Inez kissed Arthur, then Rob, while both men alternately rubbed her breasts, and kissed and licked her nipples. Rob's and Arthur's hands roamed freely over Inez's body. She lay on her back, spreading her legs. Rob lay next to her, kissing her, his hand moving down to rub her pussy. Arthur watched, noticing Rob's cock was beginning to grow erect. He licked and sucked Inez's breast for a while, watching Rob's member grow. As he stared at Rob's beautiful tool, with its mushroom head, he felt himself harden. He moved down, between Rob's legs, reached out and began to stroke Rob's cock. 

Rob moaned, continuing to finger Inez. They stopped kissing, looking at Arthur and spurred him on. Arthur stroked Rob's cock, caressing his balls, rubbing the pre cum from the head all over, lubing him up. He stroked slowly, deliberately, loving the feel of Rob's cock. 
