 One hot summer afternoon, after a sensual lovemaking session, my girlfriend Claudia confessed to me that she had never been with a man. Most lesbians were with men for a time before they discovered women, and I've always considered myself bisexual, so this came as a shock to me.

I asked her if she had ever desired a man, and she said she desired them all the time, but she had always been content just being with women so it had never really come up. Gently, I broached the subject of a threesome. Would it be more comfortable for her if I was there with her for her first time? Shyly, she confided that she was hoping I'd make that offer.

I had a man in mind right away. David was a divorcee who had been an occasional fling of mine when I was single. He was vasectomized, so there was no risk of pregnancy, and he was, although sensual, somewhat jaded about women, so there was no risk of him becoming attached. He also had a gentle but creative and adventurous sexual style.

I told Claudia about him, and as I began to describe David's thin and muscular body, I could see her become visibly excited. She asked nervously how large his penis was, and I told her that it was average in length but very wide. She looked slightly nervous, but I reminded her that I had taken her with objects much larger, including dildoes and, on special occasion, my whole hand. She relaxed and began to tremble a bit, and she asked if I could call him right away and make plans for as soon as possible. 

My arm did not need twisting. I reached for the phone beside the bed and called information. Moments later, the operator patched me through and he answered on the third ring. 

His voice sounded shocked and pleased when he heard that it was me. He reminded me that it had been too long, and I explained that it was because I was in a relationship with a beautiful tall brunette named Claudia. I was not shy about what I wanted, and asked him right away if he had been tested recently and if he'd be interested in coming over sometime. He said he could be over after work, if that wasn't too soon for us. I giggled, having known very well that he would never give up the chance to take a virgin. We said goodbye and I gave him the directions to our apartment.

I rolled back over toward Claudia and told her we had a few hours to kill before he arrived. She seemed shocked and nervous that it would be happening so soon. I told her not to feel pressured into anything, we can send him home at any time. She coyly suggested that maybe there was a way to relax her. She seemed nervous about her pussy being able to handle a penis; she had never even seen one in real life before, so she asked me to make sure she was "warmed up". I teased her for a moment, pretending I was too tired and there was no way I could handle three rounds of lovemaking in a day, but quickly succumbed to the sweet taste of her robust pink nipples.

I kissed down her chest and massaged her belly with my hands as I slowly moved further south. Her pussy was still moist, and I used it to my advantage as I slipped two fingers in while I began to nibble her clit. Her pussy continued to grow wetter and wetter as I sucked and licked harder and harder. I pulled back, so as not to have her cum too quickly. I used my elbows to push her legs further apart as I slipped a third, then a fourth finger into her now-sopping pussy. She groaned and her breathing became tight. I reminded her to relax as I cupped my thumb under my fingers and gently pushed upward. My hands are small and delicate, and a fisting from me is nowhere near as severe as it might be from a man, or even a woman of larger stature, but it still took concentration. I moved my hand slowly, slowly upward into her warm velvet moisture, and she began to moan. Suddenly, my hand slipped in with a slurping sound, and I curled my fingers into a fist.

I looked at her, and noticed that she was staring upward at the mirror above our bed, watching everything. I apologized quickly for the fact that I was about to interrupt her view, and dove on top of her clit, sucking it like a tiny penis for mere moments before she began orgasming around my wrist and in my mouth. She moaned in a low and primitive voice as she spasmed again and again and again. Finally, she loosened up and I slowly removed my hand from her. I climbed to the top of the bed and she curled up next to me in the delight of the afterglow.

I didn't realize I had fallen asleep until I awoke to my name being called by a man's voice. I opened my eyes and there was David, standing in the doorway. He was still wearing his business suit and tie, and grinning from ear to ear. Why wouldn't he be? He just walked in on two naked lesbians who were waiting there to make love to him. He said that the door had been open and he didn't get an answer when he knocked, so he just let himself in. From behind his back, he produced two bouquets of yellow roses, a kind gesture sure to win Claudia's heart.

I looked at her and she was still sleeping. I gently stroked her arm, and she woke up and looked at me. I told her that David was here, and she sat bolt upright, slightly embarrassed to have been caught sleeping naked by a man she'd never seen. As soon as their eyes caught, though, he handed over one of the bouquets, and she softened up a little bit. She began to chatter, but he stepped over and quieted her with a gentle kiss on the lips, hinting that maybe we should all just do what we came for and not sit around small-talking. She seemed quite at ease with him, although she clearly wanted me to get things started. 

I stepped up and began to kiss him as I pulled his tie off and began unbuttoning his shirt. He took my breasts in his hands in that strong yet tender way that only a man can, and as I pressed against him, I felt that he was already excited. Before I could remove his pants, he tumbled me over onto the bed next to Claudia, and deftly reached down and began to massage both of our breasts in tandem. I leaned over and kissed her deeply, while we enjoyed the masculine touches on our breast. I asked her if she'd like him to touch her pussy, and she nodded. I looked up at David and he gently reached his hands down to both of our pussies and delicately began to massage them.

He rubbed our clits and labia with such an astuteness, altering both of our rhythms until we came to a climax at the same time, kissing each other as we were overcome by the waves. With this, he pulled back and began to remove his pants. When he slid his boxers down and his plump penis popped out, Claudia surprised everyone (including herself, I think), by reaching out for it. He closed his eyes as she gently stroked it, accustoming herself to its size and girth. I reached out and helped her stroke it, and the feeling of four soft hands made him moan in delight and surprise.

Claudia whispered to me that she thought she was ready to take his penis inside her. I told her to wait just a bit longer and see what it feels like to have a man suck on her pussy. David overheard our conversation and reminded us that he could do both at once. Smoothly, he moved onto the bed with us and laid on his back. His penis stood straight upright, and he invited me to sit on it and Claudia to sit on his face.

I slowly began to work my way onto his fat prick and felt it stretching and scraping the walls of my pussy in a way that a dildo just doesn't do. I began to bounce up and down while I reached over to squeeze Claudia's nipples. It didn't take either of us long to cum, and after we did, instead of switching places, I told Claudia she should get on her hands and knees. David worked his way behind her as I crawled under both of them. I asked Claudia to lick my clit while I reached up and rubbed hers and David's balls simultaneously. He gently entered her, and she orgasmed almost immediately when he did. She moaned that she never knew what the real thing felt like and how good it was. He continued to thrust inside her as she bent down and licked my clit. I arched my hips up toward her hot tongue and continued to work my fingers on her and David. After a few more minutes, David announced that he was going to cum. I squeezed his balls and opened my mouth as all three of us came simultaneously and David and Claudia's juices dripped into my mouth.

We collapsed into a giggling heap and we all fell asleep shortly thereafter. The three of us made love at least twice more that evening, and before David left, we made plans to definitely do it again sometime. When we heard the door close behind him, Claudia and I made love one more time, reaffirming our closeness, not to mention our ability to cum like crazy even if there's not a man around.