 My hot wife (and the love of my life) has been the source of so many wonderful experiences and climaxes for both of us. Mostly it has been the two of us in a wonderful union of husband and wife sharing sexy liaisons that satisfy our very high libidos. Maggie has an incredible sex drive and it has not seemed to wane as we have aged. And she has maintained a very sexy body, always dressing provocatively but always with a sense of style and grace. Simply stated, she is HOT!!! 

Many years ago, we agreed on being open and honest with each other and as a result we have shared our bed and our bodies with select people outside our marriage. Most of the time, we share together although there have been times that Maggie chose to have fun alone, but she always tells me about it knowing it will result in more orgasms for both of us. 

It has been a while since we "played" so I could tell Maggie was feeling restless. What I did not know is that after a long absence from her life, her old lover, Clay had called her and asked if she might be willing to get together. So, Maggie was a little apprehensive since it had been so long but after a couple of cocktails recently she told me that Clay had called her. 

I asked Maggie if she wanted to see him and she told she would if I had no objection. She also asked if I wanted to be present when they got together. Many times, I have, and I mostly watched with a huge boner and taken photos for later stimulation. She told me she would only agree to meet Clay if I supported her decision and she had no objection to getting together. 

We agreed on a date (we always prefer weekends) and she told me she would call Clay the next day. We had great sex that night thinking and talking about how horny she is after a hot fuck session with Clay. 

As a reminder Maggie is 5 feet, 4 inches tall and on a good day weighs about 118. Her petite frame is enhanced by her 39 DD breasts. She is a brunette with classic Audrey Hepburn good looks, has shapely, slender and always tan legs and she is extremely smart and a bit of a smartass. Her sense of humor is perfect for my personality. 

Clay is about 6 feet, 2 inches tall, very fit and athletic and a former Marine. He is a nice- looking guy and has the biggest cock Maggie has ever experienced. He is an excellent lover and never fails to make Maggie cum over and over. Well, she does in most cases, but his technique coupled with his impressive cock seems to put her into another sexual zone. He is over nine inches long and has the thickest cock I have ever seen. 

Sometime during the following day. Maggie called Clay and they had a very sexy conversation which set the tone for our Saturday liaison. She sent me a text telling me that she had spoken with Clay and we were set for Saturday evening. She also told me cryptically that she had a surprise for me which she would reveal when I got home. 

We had a couple of drinks and Maggie was grinning like a Cheshire Cat. My curiosity finally got the best of me and I asked her to tell me about her conversation with Clay. Maggie smiled sexily and said, "Well, I did talk to Clay and as you know, we are getting together with him this weekend. What I did not tell you is that Clay has a girlfriend now and asked if he could bring her along for our evening of fun." 

Now it was my turn to smile broadly. I asked Maggie if she approved and she said, "Oh yea, after all the times I have been with Clay and you did not have a playmate, I thought it would be great if you had someone to play with while I am having fun with Clay." 

We kissed gently and discussed the details of our get together on Saturday. We decided to invite them to our house, so we could have dinner and then get sexy in our bedroom. That night we had great sex again with me talking dirty to Maggie and asking her what she wanted Clay and his friend to do with and to her. She must have had two dozen orgasms and was still glowing with the anticipation of our weekend fun. 

Once Saturday morning arrived Maggie had a little extra energy in her steps and I could tell by her subtle smile that she was horny and ready for some serious action. The fact that it had been a while seemed to heighten the anticipation of the evening ahead. 

We decided to cook on the grill and had already heard from Clay and his friend what their preferred entrée was. So, after a trip to the supermarket and liquor store, we were ready for our guests. They arrived promptly at 7 PM as invited. Clay looked pretty studly in his designer jeans, polo shirt and Cole Haan loafers. He greeted me with a handshake and a full body hug for Maggie. She grinned from ear to ear as she embraced Clay familiarly. 

But the surprise of the evening came in the form of his girlfriend. Isabel was simply gorgeous. She had long, flowing, shoulder-length jet black hair. Her skin was beautiful, tanned, smooth and with no visible flaws. Her almost black eyes and beautiful white teeth confirmed her Columbian heritage. She was stunning. Once I got past her beautiful face and captivating smile I worked my way down her body. 

She had on a tight-fitting, white, button up, cotton blouse which accentuated her enormous breasts. They were round and full and her nipples were already poking through the fabric indicating she was not wearing a bra. Her legs were perfectly shaped with muscular but not obscene calves and slim ankles which ended in low heeled shoes, which Maggie calls fuck me pumps. I believe they are called sling backed shoes. They were extremely sexy and the open toed shoes showed off her perfectly manicured toenails featuring bright red polish on each toe. 

By the time Maggie released Clay and moved to welcome Isabel, I had already received a warm hug and delicious smile from her. Maggie moved to her and hugged her just as I had while I showed the way into the house with Clay in close pursuit followed by Maggie and Isabel who had locked arms like two old friends. 

We showed them into and around the house and we all took seats in the den while I went to the bar to full drink orders. Clay is a beer guy, but Isabel ordered a rum and orange juice and Maggie had her customary gin and tonic. I poured a vodka martini and we immediately fell into an easy conversation. Isabel's cute but barely recognizable Spanish accent revealed her roots and she had kind of a Sofia Vergara appeal although her accent was not as heavy. Maggie sat next to Isabel while Clay and I talked sports while listening to some Miles Davis music on the home audio system.

After a few minutes of small talk, I excused myself to begin the food prep and the three of them found plenty to talk about. They all sat on the sofa with Clay in the middle. When I returned to the room after starting the fire on the grill, Clay looked like a man in heaven surrounded by two of the most gorgeous women you could imagine. 

Maggie was wearing a summer silk skirt exposing her sexy and tanned legs. Her tight-fitting tee shirt had three buttons at the top plunging down to expose her ample cleavage and she wore her own "fuck me" shoes. The image of the three of them remained in my mind as I returned to the grill and made final preparations for cooking dinner. I asked Clay if he wanted to help and he quickly rose to help me after checking in with the ladies to insure they did not need refills. 

The evening was more like neighbors getting together for a cookout in a typical Atlanta suburb. And while there was certainly sexual tension and many erotic innuendos, the night was as comfortable as if the four of us had gotten together many times before. As we got closer to the end of dinner the conversation turned a bit more erotic. Clay started asking Maggie if she was horny and how long had it been since she had had terrific sex. Isabel was quiet but smiling and squirming in her chair. 

Maggie and I cleared the table and stacked the dishes and glasses in the kitchen sink. No way we were going to do dishes tonight. I suggested we move back in to the den and we each had an Amaretto on the rocks. I settled in to a seat next to Isabel and Clay and Maggie nestled up against each other on the love seat. 

Maggie, never the bashful one, asked out of the blue, "Have you guys ever done this with other couples before?" Clay answered no, they had not and he had wanted to introduce Isabel to the lifestyle with us since he knew that we would be empathetic and kind to her in her first encounter. Moreover, Clay and Maggie were really good together and he knew that I would find Isabel attractive and that I would take good care of her while he was busy with Maggie. 

Soon Maggie and Clay were involved in a deep and passionate kiss signaling that the fun part of the evening had begun. I asked Isabel if she might feel more comfortable going to another room. She stood and took my hand. Clay and Maggie had no idea we had left the room. 

I led Isabel to the more formal living room where we stood in front of the large, Italian leather sofa. I took her beautiful face in my hands and kissed her luscious lips sweetly. I quickly found her tongue and we kissed more passionately while embracing each other from head to toe. She was a fabulous kisser and as we kissed I moved my hand to the side of her left breast. It felt large and heavy as I slowly gathered more of the flesh in my large hand. 

We did not want to break the warm and sexy embrace as the moment got hotter and any thoughts about what might be happening in the other room, quickly left our minds. My hands started roaming over Isabel's phenomenal body and she responded by digging her manicured nails into my back. As I moved both hands to her perfect ass, she pulled back a bit and started unbuttoning her blouse revealing those gorgeous breasts that were at least 38 D. Her creamy skin coupled with her dark brown areolae made her tits something to behold. And hold them I did. Once her blouse hit the sofa and grabbed a breast in each hand and quickly bent down to take one of her nipples in my mouth. Her nipples looked like pencil erasers and stuck out over one half inch. They were also extremely sensitive, and she began to moan loudly as I bit, licked, kissed and fondled her nipples and breasts. We were soon totally engaged in exploration of each other's bodies. 

Meanwhile, in the den, Maggie and Clay, already familiar with each other after several encounters, were engaged in a passionate session on the sofa. Clay had Maggie's blouse off exposing her beautiful and tanned all over breasts, themselves very impressive. He knew her body well and had quickly trained his attention to her very sensitive nipples and while they may not have been as long as Isabel's, they were extremely sensitive to the touch. 

Clay soon had his shirt off and was working on getting his jeans off when Maggie stood up and dropped her skirt. She looked at Clay and said, "What are we doing here? Let's go upstairs so we can spread out." Maggie, clad only in her tiny but sexy black lace thong took Clay by the hand and led him towards the stairs. They had to pass right by the living room where they found me entangled with Isabel. Her bare breasts were mashed up against my chest and I was trying to get her skirt off. Her shoes had already come off, but we never stopped kissing. She was an incredible kisser. 

Maggie, always the smartass, looked at Clay and said simply, "Amateurs.........lets go show them how it is done." I stopped long enough to ask Isabel if she wanted to go upstairs with Clay and Maggie. She seemed slightly reluctant, but we grabbed our clothes and followed them up the stairs. 

Clay and Maggie flopped on to the king-sized bed caring little about the two of us. Isabel and I went over to the love seat, so we could continue our kissing frenzy while Maggie and Clay quickly got their naked bodies under the sheets. I wanted Isabel naked and worked quickly to get the balance of her clothes off. She was wearing a gorgeous red string thong which covered a very dark, hairy vagina.......... just like I like them. 

As she became more aroused Isabel moaned and groaned louder and louder. Maggie is not usually very vocal but there were erotic sounds emanating from the bed just a few feet away. It is probably worth mentioning that Clay has the largest cock Maggie had ever seen (me too). It was long and thick and almost menacing looking. In a flaccid state it is about 6 inches long and hangs halfway down his thigh. When fully erect it is over 9 inches long and as measured by Maggie, almost 7 inches around. It looks massive against her petite frame, but it is so sexy to see them together. And, wow, does he know how to use his equipment!! Maggie told me he fucked her like no other man ever has but assured me that it was all about sex and nothing else. I love that she is so open and willing to share her feelings not to mention the way she acts after she has been with Clay. 

After some rustling of the sheets and some inaudible whispers between Maggie and Clay I heard Maggie say, "Fuck me, Clay....... fuck me like you know I like to be fucked." I glanced over my shoulder and saw Maggie's legs up in the air in the oh so familiar pose. Her toes were already curled in an orgasm and I could tell by the sounds that she was fully engaged in slut fuck mode. 

I looked at Isabel, naked and lying on the love seat. "Are you okay with this?" She grabbed my arm and pulled me down and whispered, "Fuck me, Jack......like Clay is fucking your wife. Fuck me now." 

I was rock hard and ready to fuck Isabel so I needed no further urging. However, before I moved up to kiss her again I stopped and spread her legs exposing her beautiful pussy. She put one leg up on the back of the love seat and put the other foot on the floor spreading herself wide open. I moved my head between her legs and licked her vagina up and down from anus to clit over and over. She made animal-like sounds and her moans got increasingly louder as she grabbed my head and said, "Oh, yes, Jack. Eat my pussy. Don't stop.......it feels so good. I am going to cum, please don't stop." 

Somehow with that adorable accent coupled with the sounds being made by Clay and Maggie, it was one of the sexiest moments of my life. Soon the only sounds in the room were of climax after climax as if the two women were trying to 'out orgasm" each other. And, they were both very vocal, not something I was used to with Maggie but clearly she was enjoying the fucking she was receiving from her very virile lover. 

Clay did not disappoint. Not only is he an excellent lover with an incredible cock, but he also has unbelievable stamina. And Maggie, can cum more times than any woman I have ever known. I have never seen her totally and completely satisfied to the point that she could not work up one more orgasm. 

As Clay pounded away on Maggie, Isabel tugged at my head indicating it was time for me to perform like Clay was doing. I moved slowly up her body pausing to kiss each delectable inch of her incredibly delicious skin. Never have I seen such elegant and beautiful skin on a woman. It was exquisite. 

As I moved up to kiss Isabel again she found my most sensitive area...my nipples. Not sure if all guys have ultra-sensitive nipples but mine are the "magic buttons" that take me to the highest level of arousal possible. As I moaned loudly, Isabel knew she had discovered my weakness (if you can call it that) and exploited the moment making me rock hard and ready to please her. 

She kept her legs spread wide for me and grabbed my respectable member (although not in the same league with Clay) and guided me gently into her dripping and sensuous love canal. Considering the size of her lover I expected to find a gaping pussy beneath me, but she was amazingly tight. I pushed slowly not wanting to push too hard and too fast. She whispered in my ear, "Give it all to me....... now. Fuck me, Jack like Clay is fucking your wife." 

Those words, uttered with that sexy Spanish accent turned me on beyond belief and I rammed the balance of my 7.5 inches into her reaching bottom with little resistance. It was an incredible feeling made erotic and sensuous being the same room with my wife writing in orgasm just a few feet away. Clay and Maggie seemed oblivious to the two of us as we quickly established a fucking rhythm that matched that of the other coupling in the room. 

Isabel proved to be a very active and vocal lover. She alternately moaned, groaned, grunted and kept telling me what a great lover I was and to keep fucking her. She wanted it harder and faster and I did my best to accommodate her carnal desires. I was only faintly aware that Maggie and Clay and changed position and he was now fucking her from behind with complete abandon while she gripped the sheets with her ass high in the air. Clay had her hips in his meaty hands pulling her into him while he drove forward. Maggie's squeals of passion and loud orgasms confirmed that she was in full slut mode and keeping pace with her talented lover.

Finally Clay bellowed loudly, "I'm cumming Maggie." She urged him on telling him to fill her pussy with his hot cum. Clay drove into her furiously and spurted 4 or 5 times inside her filling her with his sperm. Thankfully Maggie is well beyond child bearing years and she hated condoms preferring instead to feel the full force of her virile lover inside her. 

The erotic and passionate sounds coming from the king-sized bed put us over the edge. Isabel whispered, "Give me one more climax and then I want you to cum in me."

I focused on not cumming so I could coax one more climax out of the lovely and multi-orgasmic Isabel. She wrapped her legs around me and used her heels to push me as deep as possible inside her. As her manicured nails dug into my back she literally screamed, "Oh my God, yes. Fuck me............I'm cumming. Cum with me, Jack." 

I could hold back no longer. I spewed volcanically into her womb letting go of all the erotic tension that had been building up over the evening. It was a glorious moment for all four of us. 

Slowly Isabel and I returned to a more relaxed state and we kissed gently but passionately. We held each other tightly and while I knew Maggie was in bed with Clay a few feet away, my focus was totally on my wonderful new lover who was purring softly while clinging tightly to me. "Thank you, Jack. That was wonderful." 

Meanwhile I could hear whispers coming from the bed as Clay was talking to Maggie. She moaned occasionally and was uttering unintelligible sounds indicating that she was satiated.........at least for the moment. 

Slowly we all began to stir and I stood up and offered my hand to Isabel who rose and pulled a blanket from the back of the sofa to cover herself. We moved over to the bed where Clay and Maggie were still locked in a passionate embrace. I leaned down and asked, "Are you two still breathing?" 

They both laughed and asked us to join them. Isabel did not waste time and climbed under the sheets. I quickly followed and soon the four of us were in the bed together............all as naked as the day we were born. Isabel looked sweetly at Maggie and said, "He is an incredible lover, isn't he?" 

Maggie smiled with that wonderful after sex glow and said dreamily, "Oh yes, thank you for sharing him." 

Clay leaned over to Isabel and kissed her lightly. "Did you have fun?" 

Isabel broke the kiss and said, "Yes, Jack is also an incredible lover and listening to you and Maggie made me hornier than I have ever been in my life. We had an incredible fuck." 

Isabel was on her side next to Maggie as Clay and I were on the edge of the bed. Clay and I both had a large breast in our hands as Isabel leaned in to kiss Maggie, who had never been with a woman before. Isabel kissed her sweetly and Maggie responded by grabbing Isabel's unoccupied breast. Maggie expertly tweaked the erect nipple and Isabel responded by moaning into Maggie's throat. Clearly the two women connected and were enjoying the moment. Clay looked at me and winked. He knew that Isabel was bisexual, but I had no way of knowing. What a lovely surprise it was. 
