 In Part One of Clay returns with a friend, Maggie's old lover called her and wanted to see her again. After she convinced me to invite him over for dinner (and some kinky after dinner fun) we agreed to cookout on a Saturday evening. What Maggie did not tell me is that he was going to bring a friend. When he arrived with a gorgeous beauty with Colombian roots, I was delighted. 

It was no surprise that the four of us wound up in bed together and when Part One ended, we Clay and I had had wonderful sex with each other's partners and the two women had a very steamy and highly sensual session between them. It was Maggie's first girl on girl encounter, something she had wanted to do for many years. After a couple of hours of carnal pleasure, the four of us were resting peacefully in our king-sized bed, slightly exhausted and satiated at least for the moment.

After resting for a while in the bed, I finally found the strength to go downstairs to retrieve beer, wine and water for my bedmates. It had been a lovely evening so far, but it was still early. Once I returned with the beverages the two women and Clay began to stir and find their strength again. They all sat up in bed, still naked, of course and sporting that after sex glow that only happens after extremely gratifying sex. 

The conversation was muted and easy with all four of us relaxed and perhaps wondering what was next. It did not take long for Clay to reach under the sheets, which covered the three of them, where he found Maggie's breast. Her nipples are extremely sensitive normally but when she is in full slut mode and engaged in an erotic moment, they are hyper-sensitive. Maggie responded to Clay's touch by moaning audibly while reaching for his impressive cock, which had somehow begun to return to an aroused state. 

Maggie grinned broadly as she dipped her head under the sheets, clearly focusing on Clay's growing manhood. Isabel looked at me as if to say, what about me??? I took the visual clue and climbed in bed beside the lovely Colombian beauty who was eager to return to action stimulated by the erotic sights and sounds to her left. 

Isabel quickly followed Maggie's example and reached for my cock, which surprisingly sprang to attention immediately. Guess I was hornier than I thought. Isabel and Maggie were both hidden from view under the sheet while Clay tipped his beer to me and grinned from ear to ear. Maggie can deep throat almost any cock, no matter how large and her blow jobs are incredible. Clay soon set his beer on the bedside table and rolled his eyes and head back reclining on the headboard of the bed. 

I moved in to a similar position and it was both erotic and humorous to see the two life forms under the sheets giving blowjobs to two of the luckiest guys in Atlanta. This is not something that happens every day and we were all caught up in the moment enjoying the feeling and the experience. 

Clay soon dipped down in the bed and pulled Maggie off his very erect and impressive manhood. He kissed Maggie deeply and she returned the kiss with vigor, never releasing her grip on Clay's cock. Clearly the blow job had her totally aroused and ready for action. Isabel sucked away expertly on my cock as I watched the action below and beside me. 

Clay soon stretched out on his back as Maggie moved her sopping pussy over his erect cock lining it up for entry as she quickly lowered herself on to the head of his massive prick. She likes being on top, so she can control the depth and pace of her intercourse, especially with an overly large appendage like Clay's. It did not take long for Maggie to begin her slow descent into "female superior heaven" and she soon had Clay's entire cock buried inside her. 

Maggie is multi-orgasmic and perhaps the closest I have ever seen to a true nympho. She was soon cumming loud and long on Clay's manhood and he was clearly enjoying my wife riding his cock like an expert. All the erotic action created a "me too" moment for Isabel so, not to be outdone, she mounted me in similar fashion and began to ride my cock as well. The two beautiful women seemed to compete for loudest and longest orgasms cumming over and over again. 

After a few climaxes I noticed that Maggie and Isabel had joined hands and were beginning to notice each other again. Isabel reached over and tweaked the large left breast of Maggie who seemed to climb to even greater heights of erotic pleasure as the dual action continued. Isabel whispered something to Maggie that I could not understand and without warning the two women switched places. It happened so fast it was if they had planned and rehearsed the move many times, but it was spontaneous and wonderful. 

Maggie's vagina was hot and wet and she quickly started moving up and down on my hard cock. She leaned over and pressed her beautiful breasts into my chest as we kissed deeply. It was so hot. While we were kissing I became aware of Isabel moaning loudly while riding Clay's cock. The room smelled of sex and the erotic sounds were impossible to describe. It was a carnal moment unlike any other we have ever experienced. 

There is no way to estimate the number of times the two women climaxed but soon Clay and I were ready to explode and we did, roaring loudly like two lions mating in the jungle. Our respective partners collapsed on our chests, spent and satisfied. 

Soon Isabel rolled to the center of the bed and Maggie soon followed. The two women were next to each other in the center of the bed with the two men on the outside. I found enough strength to blow out a candle that had somehow magically been lit on the bedside table. I assume Maggie had done it since she loves candles, especially during an erotic moment. 

Soon all four of us were sleeping soundly, content and comfy in the over-sized bed. 

&&&&&&&&&&

I am not certain what woke me on Sunday morning, but it could have been the beautiful lips on my cock that caused me to open my eyes and realize that the sun had come up and it was already 730 AM. Maggie, clearly refreshed and aroused after our night of fun, was eager for some more action. Clay and Isabel were still sleeping at least for the moment. I was enjoying Maggie's always wonderful blow job when Clay climbed out of bed and went to the bathroom. Isabel had not stirred at all. 

When Clay came back in to the room he moved to my side of the bed where Maggie was still at work on my swollen cock. Clay moved in behind her and started lapping at her sex while she was on her knees. She loves to receive oral and apparently Clay is quite good at it. He tongued her pussy and licked her from her pussy to her anus. She was soon moaning and groaning on my cock and it was pushing my limits of self-control as I tried to hold back on cumming. Unfortunately, Maggie's expert skills defeated my sense of discipline. She won............. I came loudly and exploded into her waiting mouth. Maggie never missed a beat and swallowed every drop. She loves controlling men by sucking their cocks and making them cum. It's kind of an "everybody wins" situation. 

Meanwhile, Maggie was ready for me to move out of the way so she could enjoy more of Clay's magic. As I left the bed headed for the bathroom, Maggie flipped on to her back and Clay moved his head quickly between her legs continuing his assault on her love box. Her legs shot up in the air with toes curled as Clay brought her to climax after climax. 

I must hand it to Clay. He is an attentive and excellent lover and I can see why Maggie so enjoys his company. Not only is he handsome and well-equipped but he is genuinely nice and considerate. Once he made certain that Maggie had enough orgasms for the moment, he moved up her body pausing to kiss almost every square inch of her vulva, stomach, breasts and neck before moving to her mouth. Maggie loves the taste of her own pussy and always seems to kiss a little deeper and longer when she can taste herself. She and Clay had a long, passionate and lingering French kiss while Isabel slept soundly beside them. I was watching from behind the bed admiring the sensual and erotic scene before me. Although I have seen Maggie with Clay before, it is always so sexy to see your wife being pleasured by an accomplished and excellent lover. It's like having your own live, private porno movie with your hot wife as the star. 

It was clear that Clay was aroused and ready for some serious fucking. He lined up his cock with Maggie's dripping sex and soon she moved her hand to replace his and guided his impressive cock into her vagina. Even in her aroused condition it took a moment for her to adjust to his tremendous girth and he slowed his push while her vagina stretched to accommodate his cock. Soon he began to slide deeper into Maggie and her legs went first up in the air and then she dug her heels into Clay's muscular butt as he began to slowly and rhythmically stroke his cock in and out until he finally had all 9.5 inches buried inside Maggie. She told me his enormous cock felt unbelievable inside her and it was like no other she had ever felt. It also took her to incredible heights as a "slut princess" and once she gets started, she is a sex machine. 

The moaning and groaning and rustling of the sheets soon had Isabel stirring and as she rolled to her side to watch the erotic coupling, I moved into the bed behind her snuggling in a spoon shape with my arm around her waist and one hand on a lovely breast. 

She snuggled back against me and we settled in and watched our private porno movie. Clay was soon grunting and sweating as he was working hard to give Maggie the fucking that she urged.......no demanded from her lover. With her heels on his ass and her manicured fingernails dug into his back she kept begging for more and more cock. 

While Maggie is relatively quiet during sex, except for the moans associated with orgasms, Clay likes to talk. He was whispering into Maggie's ears asking her if she liked his cock and wanted more. Maggie grunted and shook her head and confirmed her desires by pushing back hard against the invading love weapon. 

When Clay raised up with his arms extended beside her head, Maggie reached down and began to tickle her clitoris. That is so hot and seemed to take her to new levels of arousal if that is possible. As the scene between Clay and Maggie got hotter and hotter, I moved from Isabel's breast to her clitoris. She was pushing her hips back against me indicating that she was getting extremely turned on by the scene before us. I gently massaged her clit and she started writhing under my touch. There was no way I was going to be able to perform and she knew it but clearly, she now needed relief. Before I could move my head between her legs, she moved over and gave Clay a quick kiss before moving deftly to straddle Maggie's face. 

With her knees on either side of Maggie's head, Isabel lowered her sex to Maggie's waiting lips and Maggie wasted no time pushing her tongue as deep as possible into Isabel's hot, hairy love box. Clay was behind her and reached around to tweak her nipples, one in each hand. This prompted Isabel to grind her hips down hard on Maggie's mouth and she responded by giving Isabel a vigorous climax with her mouth and the assistance of Clay stimulating the protruding nipples. Isabel gushed onto Maggie's mouth as she lapped up the love offering with gusto. 

Soon Clay announced that he was going to cum and he wanted to cum in the mouths of the two women. Isabel climbed off Maggie and laid down beside her. Clay pulled out of Maggie and stuck his cock unceremoniously in her mouth. Isabel licked at Clay's nipples and then moved down to share the huge cock with her new friend. Clay alternated between the two women before announcing that it was time to cum. 

He roared loudly while stroking himself and spewing his white, hot cum into Maggie's mouth. Before the second spurt he moved his cock to Isabel's lips and the second shot went deep into her throat. Three or four more spurts followed and it splattered the lips, faces and chins of both women. It was a prolific offering and I marveled at how he had that much cum left inside those big balls. 

Once again there were sighs of relief and satisfaction as we had all had morning orgasms, or in the case of the two women, multiple orgasms. We all collapsed again and laughed about who was going to cook breakfast. In the end, we all showered together in the large walk in shower helping each other wash various body parts. After toweling dry Clay and I went downstairs and made coffee while the women did what women do after showering. 

Soon they emerged fully clothed and told us they would like to buy us breakfast to thank us for such a wonderful evening. We headed out to the Original Pancake House and had a wonderful breakfast looking for all the world like to happy couples who were getting together to catch up on old times over breakfast. Well, we actually were doing that while planning our next evening together. It might even be better than our first one. We'll see soon enough.