 The dinner party was boring, she'd known it would be, but Damien had made a special request for her to accompany him, and since he was only in town for one weekend every few months, she hated to disappoint him. 

She knew she looked good. She made special efforts whenever he was around. Her day of spa treatments had relaxed her, her hair was a perfect cascade of dark curls around her face and her make up expertly applied. Her skin was pale and flawless. Appearance was everything in her line of work, and she paid good money to maintain what she had. 

Damien smiled at her, his hand sliding along her thigh and squeezing her gently. Whispering into her ear, "Don't worry, soon it'll be over and we can get to more pleasant activities." His warm breath making her shiver with anticipation. 

He was an excellent lover, she'd found that out the night they had met two years ago. He'd picked her outfit for the evening, a long sleek panel of black. It clung to her curves so perfectly that even she had been aroused when she'd caught sight of herself in the mirror. He had specifically requested that she not wear underwear, and as his fingers slipped into the thigh high slit, he knew she had obeyed. His fingers skimmed over her landing strip and explored her slit as she sipped her drink. She was already wet, which pleased him as he removed his fingers and continued his conversations. 

Finally the party ended. She was desperate for him as he opened the car door and ushered her into the back seat. Instructing the driver to take them to her place; his hand snaked back into her dress, finding her wet and ready as he plunged two fingers into her. This was what he had been waiting for, his teasing under the table let him know that he could have done it then, but he wanted her to be denied a little longer. Smiling to himself he slid his fingers in and out of her in a slow rhythm, her moans were music to him, he grew hard, the thought of what was awaiting them making him throb. 

He blindfolded her as they reached the door, taking her keys and leading her into the bedroom. She was aching for him to fill her. It had been so long since she had felt him inside of her and she knew he was teasing her as he lay her down and moved away. She listened, trying to guess what he was doing but there was only silence. Finally she felt his weight beside her, his fingers running along her chest.

Biting her ear gently, Damien whispered, "Do you trust me?" 

"Of course" she replied "I trust you completely." 

Turning her he unzipped her dress and slid it down her long body. She was naked now, blindfolded and aroused beyond reason. Her hand slipped between her thighs before his sharp "Stop!" had her whisking it away. The command in his voice was clear and tonight was not the night to disobey. He could see how swollen her lips were as they glistened with the evidence of her need, her clit a hard little nub begging for relief, but none was forthcoming. 

She took her bottom lip between her teeth, a gesture that made his cock swell; she knew this and wanted him to be just as desperate. But her sharp gasp as he attached clamps to her hardened nipples made her release it, her moan pleasing him. She writhed; desperate for some relief, anything, as his slow deliberate pace was making her crazy. Finally he lay beside her, he had undressed whilst watching her body move and as his mouth found hers in a deep kiss, his hand roamed over her soft skin. 

Clea moaned into the kiss, her nipples were burning from the clamps, sending shocks of pleasure through her, her body pressing towards him as she tried to urge his hand down to her. His stubborn refusal was maddening in a way that made her body cry out.

Suddenly, she felt hands running up her calves. She froze in shock. Damien was still kissing her passionately, there was someone there, she had no idea who, but Damien must have brought them. She remembered his words, "Do you trust me?" and relaxed. She had no doubts that he would hurt, or ever allow anyone to hurt her and as those hands moved up her thighs, her aching pussy welcomed their proximity. 

Damien tugged on the chain that joined the nipple clamps, the sharp pull on her nipples dragging another low moan from her. Damien's whispered, "Relax," allowing her to give over the last tendrils of apprehension. 

Clea felt gentle fingers exploring her, parting her swollen lips as they slid along her wet trail and circled her engorged clit. Damien's hand was rested against her stomach as his mouth left hers. She felt the release of one of the clamps as his mouth latched onto her nipple, sucking and tugging at it as her groans filled the room. Just as her body arched up, she felt a tongue flick over her clit, causing her to buck. Her body was in overdrive, a flood of sensations pulsing through her as the mouth buried itself between her thighs and went to work on her pussy. 

From the brushes of stubble that grazed her clit, she knew this was a man and her arousal spiked. She remembered talking to Damien last year about their fantasies. Both of them had agreed that an MMF threesome was something they wanted to experience but she couldn't believe that he had arranged this for her.

Her breathing became shallow as her clit was sucked and tormented; the guy was good enough to have her on the edge of climax already. Damien's sucking on her nipples pushed her over and she came screaming, her body a writhing mess as pleasure flowed through her in wave after wave. The sucking intensified, Damien tugging hard on her nub as her orgasm peaked and she collapsed, breathless. 

Damien stroked her face gently; she could feel kisses being traced over her thigh as her body continued to tremble. Hands exploring her naked form as Damien pulled her to straddle him. His erection pressed against her thigh as they kissed, familiar to her after the countless times they had made love. He lifted her, positioning himself against her sopping opening, their groans combined as she sank onto his length. 

She was still breathless as arms came around her, her body raised up, pulled from Damien's embrace as she was pulled against a hard chest, her face turned into the kiss of a stranger. She felt Damien thrust up into her as he watched, the head of his cock hitting her cervix as he pulled her onto him. Her moans were muffled by the kiss; her breasts were cupped and pinched as she started to rock her hips over Damien whilst he continued his long, hard thrusts. 

The kiss broken, she was lowered back against Damien, hands coming under her to lift her ass into the air a little, bringing Damien's cock to a rest just inside of her entrance. She felt the head of the guys cock sliding along her wetness, becoming coated before it pushed against her tight hole. 

Damien kissed her hard, tugging on her nipples as the second cock eased into her ass. As she was slowly filled, inch by inch, she kissed Damien desperately. The sensation of being taken so completely was overwhelming, her body shuddered with pleasure as she was fully impaled and slid back down onto Damien's cock. Both men held still, letting her enjoy the feeling of two cocks balls deep in her. 

At some hidden signal, they began to move, one slid deep into her as the other pulled out, building up a steady rhythm as they sandwiched Clea between their hard bodies. She was barely coherent, her moans mixing into the sound of her body being pummelled and used relentlessly. She could feel their cocks sliding along each other, separated by such a thin membrane she was surprised they didn't break through. She heard groans coming from either side of her as they began to fuck her harder, hands tugging and raking over her as her face was turned, her lips dragged from mouth to mouth. Someone started to caress her clit, circling it and rubbing over it in tandem to the cocks being plunged into her. 

Her body was on fire, frenzied, better even than she could have imagined as she felt the climax approaching. Damien's arms wrapped around her, pulling her in against his body as he bucked up, thrusting himself hard into her, she could feel every throb against her tight walls, whimpering as the fingers against her clit became firmer, more insistent. Dual demands of "Cum now," ringing in her ears as her cries of triumph filled the air, her body contracting, clamping around each cock like a vice as she spasmed. 

They kept up the hard pace, grunting and groaning as they fucked her through her orgasm. She felt the stranger tense up seconds before his cock pulsed and his balls emptied a hot load into her ass. Damien seemed to become even more aroused at that, pummelling her tight pussy harder than she had ever felt him, pumping in and out for a couple of minutes more before he too let go, his cum shooting up into her in bursts as he buried himself deep inside of her aching pussy. His teeth in her shoulder, hurting her but neither of them cared. As the last of his seed emptied into her, she felt the stranger slide out of her ass and lean beside Damien on the bed. 

Sliding the blindfold off, Clea glanced over, a slow smile breaking out as she recognised the man. She hadn't seen him in around 6 months, but she remembered introducing him to Damien that last time at some party or other. Josh smiled back and leaned in to kiss her softly. He doubted she had any idea how long he'd been fantasizing about getting her into bed. Granted, this hadn't exactly been how he'd expected it to happen, but he wasn't going to complain about it. 

When Damien had called him and pitched the idea, he'd been a little apprehensive. He'd seen first-hand how possessive the man was of Clea. But now, he was glad he'd said yes. His cock was stirring again as they kissed and he jerked in surprise as a hand wrapped around it and began to stroke him. He knew it had to be Damien; the hand was too big to be Clea's. What surprised him more was that he didn't mind, in fact his cock was hardening as Damien worked it. 

Josh moaned into the kiss, his hand slipping between Clea's thighs to slide two fingers into her, she was so tight and the hand so good that he groaned. His fingers were coated in a mixture of Clea and Damien's cum as he fingered her, curling them to rub over her g-spot. The room was filled with moans and the sound of his fingers fucking her wet pussy. 

Suddenly he felt a mouth wrap around him, his cock jerking as it disappeared into Damien's mouth. Josh could barely believe this was happening. He'd never even so much as kissed a guy before and now he was having his cock expertly sucked by one he wouldn't have imagined would be bi. 

His body was on fire, Damien's mouth hot and eager as he gave Josh one of the best blow jobs he'd ever experienced. Josh plunged his fingers into Clea harder, sliding in a third as she bucked against him, moaning his name. She could hear Damien, the wet sounds of Josh's cock sliding in and out of his mouth, and she had to see it. Looking down she watched as her lover sucked the cock of one of her closest friends, groaning at how hot the sight was. 

Damien couldn't get enough of Josh's cock. He hadn't sucked a guy off in years but he was desperate to have Josh fill his mouth, this whole experience giving him the opportunity not only to DP Clea, but to fulfil his own desires to be with a man again. He could tell how aroused Clea was by her moans and running two fingers along her slit, feeling her wetness, he groaned around Josh's shaft. He always loved how fully she gave herself over to her pleasure, she never held back, never denied him, she was the only woman who had ever held his desire, who always made him want to give. 

His fingers quickly became coated and he began to suck Josh harder and faster, loving the way his cock throbbed and the sounds of his moans. He began to tease around Josh's ass, rubbing against his entrance. He knew Josh had never been with a man before but he didn't know if he was used to anal play, so he gently explored him. Taking Josh's cock deep into his throat, he waited until he knew Josh was overwhelmed with pleasure before gently sliding his finger into him. He felt his body bucking, heard the moans of, "Oh fuck," just before Josh pushed back, taking Damien's finger deeper into him. That was all the acceptance Damien needed as he slid his second finger in and began to slowly finger fuck Josh's ass as his mouth slid along his cock and deep throated him. 

Clea cried out as she came, watching them had pushed her over the edge and her body was wracked with shudders as Josh rode out her climax. Damien felt Josh clench around his fingers as she came so he increased the pace, teasingly rubbing against Josh's prostate. 

Josh groaned out, "Fuck, I'm gonna cum!" as his body began to tremble, encouraging Damien to finger him hard and fast as he took his cock deep. 

In seconds Josh was cumming hard into Damien's mouth, rope after rope being swallowed down as Damien moaned. Finally he slid his fingers out of Josh, and laved his tongue along his cock, cleaning it off as he pulled away and licked his lips. He looked up at the two of them, lying kissing and caressing one another. 

His cock was stood, hard and throbbing as he ran his hand along Josh's leg. Clea smiled at him as he moved up the bed to join them, her hand stroking his cock as he pulled Josh in to a deep kiss, letting him taste his cum on Damien's tongue. They lay tangled together for a while. The three of them kissing and caressing each other until Josh became hard again. 

Damien told Clea to bend over the bottom of the bed and she obeyed. Being fucked like this was one of her favourites, and as josh moved behind her, her pussy was aching with need. Damien watched, his eyes locked onto hers as Josh plunged into her. He watched as Josh stroked his cock deep into her a few times and then told them to stop and stay that way.

Taking some lube out of the drawer, Damien generously covered his cock as he walked behind Josh and told him to bend over Clea. Josh did as instructed, his ass clenching a little as Damien's head probed it. 

"Relax," Damien said. "It'll hurt if you stay tense." 

Josh plunged himself deep into Clea, the feel of her wrapped so tightly around his cock making him crazy with need as he relaxed, hissing and crying out as Damien slowly slid his big cock into his virgin ass. 

He felt Clea take his hand and bring it to her breast; her heart was hammering against her chest as she looked over and smiled supportively. He could feel Damien's cock stretching him and heard his grunt of satisfaction as he buried himself deep in Josh's ass. Surprised at how good it felt, Josh began to moan as Damien started to move, slowly at first, letting Josh adjust to being fucked. Then faster as he felt Josh relax more.

"Fuck Clea!" he demanded, and Josh did as he was told. 

Clea felt Josh begin to move in her again. The whole night had been so unbelievably erotic she could scarcely believe it was happening. Knowing that Damien was fucking Josh while Josh was buried deep in her made her close to cumming again. Her body was overrun with pleasure and Josh's moans were heady. She could feel him sliding back and forth, his cock plunging into her and then out as he slid back onto Damien's cock. 

The room was filled with their moans and the sounds of fucking; Clea knew she would never forget. As she felt Josh hammer into her, she heard Damien's cry of release as he came in Josh's ass. Josh never faltered; he fucked her harder, moaning her name as her pussy, used and swollen, gripped his shaft with each thrust. 

She could hear Josh whispering, "Cum baby, cum all over my cock," and as his head rubbed over her g-spot she knew she would. 

Her hand slid between her legs and after just a few brushes of her throbbing clit she was cumming, her pussy contracting around Josh as he cried out and she felt him fill her. Her legs buckled as the orgasm left her limp and whimpering and she felt Josh's arms come around her to lift her as he slid out of her. Kissing her deeply, he carried her around the bed and lay her own gently, looking up as Damien came to join them. All three were so spent and exhausted that they could do nothing more than lay together. 

Clea drifted into sleep a little while later. When she awoke, it was to the sound of groans. Looking over, she smiled, seeing Josh plunging his cock into Damien. Neither of them had noticed her wake, so she slid her hand down to her pussy and slowly masturbated as she watched her two lovers fucking. Knowing that this was to be the first of many times they would do this.