 After a moment lost in the indeterminate state between sleep and wakefulness, John blinked one eye half-open. He felt warm and happy, and quite a bit warmer than usual. "Strange ..." he thought drowsily, his brain still sleep-fogged. 

He closed his eyes again and dreamily enjoyed his body's languorous state. 

His arms ached, but nicely. There was a slight tingle in his thighs, like he'd had a longish run the night before. 

"Oh God! Last night! Did it really happen?" 

The memories came crashing and tumbling through his mind, hot image chasing lusty image through his rapidly awakening mind. Realization came fast. 

The images were still colour fresh in his mind, and boy, what images they were. His body was still feeling the after effects. "No wonder my balls feel so nicely relaxed — and my cock feels so alive and full," he reflected. 

A few seconds of flipping through his mental album had obvious results. As his eyes opened fully, his penis reached full rock—hard erection. The heat from his morning piss almost burned. 

No wonder the bed is warm, the working part of his brain observed. His half of the bed was caught by warm sunlight. A dark head that faced away from him topped the other half. It was connected to shrouded lumps and curves. 

Looking towards a noise at the door, he saw Jana walk into the bedroom. She was naked. 

The awakening part of his brain seared fully awake as his eyes locked onto the tight "v"shape at the junction of her thighs. A hint of slit showed through at the very bottom. "Holy Shit! That looks good," he thought. 

She looked like a Venus goddess as she swayed over to the bed. Her skin glowed in the morning sunlight as it streamed through the wide open curtains. 

She blasted him with a wonderful fun-filled laughing smile. 

"And Dawn? Where is she?" He sleepily wondered. 

"Jana is here in my bedroom, naked," he thought, making a deliberate effort to think clearly and logically. "But where is Dawn?" 

Then, "Oh! Hot damn! She looks good!" Jana's naked presence was playing havoc on his mind. 

His efforts at clear thought collapsed as the confused thoughts tumbled over each other in his feverish brain. His mind overheated. His burning penis didn't help, the built-up piss refusing to go away. No doubt Jana could see the tent erected below his waist. 

Jana. So fucking beautiful. Gorgeous, actually. So sexy and so his fiancée's best friend. And so uninhibitedly and wetly sexy when she came. He groaned. 

She was so NUDE in his bedroom. Her nipples were sooo pink and hard and so BIG! 

"Hey you! I see you are awake. Kiss a lonely girl?" She asked with a playful voice, looking at him teasingly. 

Without waiting for an answer, she knelt beside the bed, arms going around his naked chest. She leaned in close and gave him a warm, loving and freshly brushed minty kiss. 

His arms crushed the soft warm body to him, the heat in his burning cock translating to exquisite pleasure. He could have shot his load right then. It was a wonderful way to wake up. 

"Uhmmhhh..." The kiss turned to a sexy half hug as he pulled her upper body close onto his. She acquiesced gracefully, ending up pressed tight against his chest. 

"Her ass must be invitingly stuck out," he imagined. His cock throbbed. 

But he really had to pee. 

Somehow, she knew. 

She asked, "Can I watch —, as you...you know...pee?" 

He had somehow known that she would ask. 

His straining cock caught the sunlight when he threw off the covers. Her fingers found it and stroked the warm column gently. He moaned. 

"Let's go," she ordered. Her grip was firm on his warm flesh as she led him up off the bed. 

They walked in together into the bathroom and stood side by side next to the bowl. Her eyes were glued onto his swollen rod. 

She licked her lips. "Let me hold it," she begged. 

"Mmmhh... You will need to be careful. It is difficult to aim it when it's so hard." 

"Lemme try. Please?" 

"Uhm...OK. But I need to move back a little bit—..., so I can, uhm... lean forward and brace myself against the wall. Uhm—..., you know, so I can...uhhmm..., aim—" 

Jana's finger's were warm around his burning shaft. Legs spread wide-open, palms against the wall, John waited, looking down. His big head was swollen, purple, poking out through the half circle made by the pretty fingers. 

"Ready?" Her voice did funny things to him, making his penis twitch. 

"Uh Uh." He felt it as Jana steadied her aim, tugging the erect penis down and a bit to the side. She giggled. 

A longish moment passed as he pushed. 

Then it came, preceeded by John's groan. "Unghhhh..." The thick hot stream hit the water-trap dead centre, frothing it into white foam. 

"Ahhhhh...," the relief of release flowed through John and drew Jana to move up closer to his side. She carefully used her other hand to hold and steady the aim as she changed her grip so it was palm upwards. 

Pulling lightly on the shaft, she shifted its aim so it pointed lower down and she could feel the pull of the strong muscle. 

The stream was loud in the enclosed space. Rising up on her tiptoes, she moved her lips up to nuzzle against his neck. Her left nipple grazed his naked side. 

"Does it feel good?" 

"Ahhhhh..." 

"That good, huh? She giggled. 

"This is naughty...nice," she said with a smile. 

Then, biting her lower lip as she concentrated to avoid losing her aim, she started to slowly pump the thick penis. John bucked forward, fucking downward into her palm as she worked the shaft softly. His groans increased as he pushed out the hot piss. He enjoyed the double pleasure as she slowly masturbated him. 

It was a long, thick stream. John was moaning loudly by the time it started to slow down. His cock remained rock-hard. 

They waited as the strong stream flowed, listening as the hiss filling the room slowly died down. 

Jana looked down onto John's fat cock in her grasp. Sparks shot through her pussy as she imagined it filling her. 

"John?" 

"Yeah...?" 

"I want you to fuck me." 

"Uh?" 

"Now." 

He sucked in his breath in a sharp gasp. "Ahh!" 

"Just put this thing into me and fuck me. I want you to fuck me as Dawn sleeps next to us," she insisted. 

He didn't need to answer. His hot penis gave his answer in her warm grip. 

She pulled him back into the bedroom, soft hand wrapped around the cock she wanted inside her hot sex. John, behind her, watched as her plump, shapely ass jiggled and shook with each step. He could see the round swell of her ass protectively built around the deep crack. His cock's aim was perfect, inadvertently centered by her pulling fingers. 

She climbed smoothly onto the bed, like a full bodied cat, careful not to awaken the sleeping Dawn. John watched as she unfolded her lush curves onto the bed and sprawled her thighs wide open. 

She held her arms wide open. "Come here and fuck me," she invited. 

She was asking for it! It hit John like a roller coaster drop. The naked girl wanted him to fuck her, to push his hot cock into her pussy. And her exposed pussy was right before his eyes, waiting for his now ragingly hard tool. 

His cock led the way and he followed. He loved the way he looked, his fat cock pulsing and leading the way as he walked to fuck his fiancée's naked best friend. Her full pussy lips were wet and slightly open. In his mind he could see his helmet head spearing into her. A stream of moisture was running down one rounded thigh. 

It was too much. He grabbed his hot tool and pumped it slowly as he walked forward to fuck. Dawn slept on peacefully next to her friend. 

He found himself on his knees aiming his throbbing tool at Jana's wet slit. He groaned. 

Jana's warm fingers curled half-around his thick organ. 

He looked down and watched the pretty fingers pull his throbbing tool towards the waiting wetness. A large drop of clear juice welled up from the tip. A thrill went through his body as he watched Jana lick her lips in anticipation. He slowly moved forward and rubbed the oozing drop off against her clit. 

She moaned. Her glowing face looked up at him, pleading for it. 

John's cock started its slide into hot heaven as he pushed the head to split her, the large rim slowly parting the delicate lips. And then, slowly, he fed his meat into his fiancée's best friend. 

Jana started coming when only half his cock was inside her. The first orgasm burst from her tight pussy with the loudest slurpy pop that he had ever heard or felt in his life. He grunted with delight and pushed forward through her orgasm, fucking his cock all the way inside. 

Her sharp gasps against his ears told him how good she felt, so he decided to make it better. As soon as he hit bottom, he let loose with machine-gun rapid thrusts into her hot sheath. The unexpected attack drove her to an unexpected second orgasm even as she tried to savor the joy of being penetrated. 

He fucked her to two more rapid fire orgasms before slowing down and relaxing, and simply enjoying the full feeling as her pussy's orgasmic aftershocks pulsed all around his hard cock. She was still shaking and trembling as he wriggled his butt, seating his swollen genitals deep inside her warm depths. 

They relaxed back onto the bed, eyes closed, enjoying the feeling of their genitals coupled together. John's mind was lost in blissful heaven. Jana on the other hand was getting hotter still as she imagined her best friend sleeping peacefully next to them as her boyfriend fucked her. Presently their lips found each other as they kissed in sheer pleasure and emotional intensity of the moment. 

She was wrong though. Dawn had been awakened by the first loud pop from Jana's pussy when she first came. She'd been busy watching them fuck. 

She continued watching as they continued kissing. Her friend looked so beautiful as she kissed in complete abandon. She watched as Jana raised her hips, screwing herself deeper onto John's hard cock. 

Jana's eyes fluttered open as a soft moan filled the quiet bedroom. She broke the kiss and turned her head turned to see her best friend looking right into her eyes. 

"Oh God!" The orgasm and shout burst out even before she had time to think. She bucked wildly onto her best friend's fiancé's thick cock. 

"Uhmmghh! Uhmmghh! "Uhmmghh... Her grunts echoed in the room as she came. Every time her eyes fluttered closed, she'd open them to see her beautiful friend looking inside her as she came. It was driving her insane with wild pleasure. 

Dawn scooted down so her face was level with the coupling genitals. She watched the special sight, her best friend's pussy clinging to her fiancé's pounding cock. The pussy was twitching and trembling as it pulsed in continuous orgasm. 

John pulled his cock out making Jana moan with disappointment and need. Her gaping hole was twitching spastically. She moaned. 

"Unghhh...Please..." 

Dawn stuck three fingers into her best friends pussy. She was immediately held in a tight grip Jana clamped down on her bunched fingers. 

"God! Fuck me! Please fuck me!!" She pleaded. 

Dawn obliged and pumped her fingers in and out of her friend as her fiancé watched. John, never one to waste an opportunity, managed to get his pulsing wet tool into Dawn's mouth. He fucked her slowly as he watched her fucking her girlfriend's horny pussy. 

Jana's passion was again peaking fast, and her heated moans filled the sunlit bedroom as she approached orgasm. 

Dawn timed her move perfectly. Just before Jana came, she swiftly withdrew her fingers, and pulling John's hot cock from her mouth, pulled it in close to her friend's wet pussy. She held on as he drove it into Jana and was rewarded with a powerful squirt jetting onto her hand as her friend came hard from the sudden thick penetration. 

John screwed his way deep inside so his girlfriend's fingers were pressed tight against Jana's clit and all round her slick pussy. The hot girl continued coming as John rocked his pelvis up, down and around, fucking her deep and taking full advantage of the additional stimulation from Dawn's fingers. Jana cooed and aahhed her way through a series of long orgasms. Her pussy was throbbing and pulsing as the thick organ stimulated it to delightful limits. 

Finally, she calmed down enough to stop coming, and something in her eyes made Dawn scoot up and kiss her deeply. Jana climaxed again, a long shuddering orgasm flowing through her body as the soft tenderness overwhelmed her. John sensed it and helped by strongly grinding his long dick around her liquid centre, mashing her hard clit against the base of his throbbing cock. He too groaned with the pleasure ride, the heat of the moment rising above all else. 

The girls' kiss lasted through Jana's long orgasm, her pussy gurgling its extreme content to the whole bedroom. The sexual atmosphere grew thicker as they all listened to her. 

... 

As his girlfriend fucked her friends, Adam was busy pumping his tool in the bed normally he shared with Jana. He'd spent the night dj-aying at the club he worked at, and had gotten home at 5:00 a.m., totally bushed. He had collapsed on the bed and just conked out. When he woke up, in the late morning, at just about the time his girl was helping John to pee, his mind was full of the memories from the night before. His cock was hard and he also needed to pee. 

His semi-erect dick still felt full after he finished in the bathroom. He realized he was still horny from the night before. 

"God!" He remembered, "the way those two horny teenage girls danced!" 

One in a hot, red, tight miniskirt, the other one in a similar shiny blue one, pretty faces aglow with excitement. They were so young, couldn't have been more than a week past eighteen, but it was so obvious that they were sexually aroused! The two sets of firm boobs with hard nipples could clearly be seen poking out through tight tops, plus anyone could see that they were not wearing any underwear, not even the almost obligatory disco thong. 

He had managed to sneak distracting glances unnoticed, (or so he thought at first), sometimes seeing right up to the two very naked smooth and undoubtedly wet pussies until he realized that, one, they knew that he was looking, and two, they were flashing him on purpose. His already hard cock nearly popped right then, and he had to force his gaze away as the song started to fade and he had to mix-in the next the track. 

The worst of it came when, they turned their backs to the throbbing crowd and danced while openly watching him with lust stoned eyes. He watched, fascinated as Red mini did a bump and grind, wriggling her ass back into Blue mini's crotch. His eyes widened when he saw Blue mini's fingers dance their way down her friend's thighs and slowly pull up the ribbon of material. 

Then, amazingly, he was looking directly at the smooth shaven pussy. The lips were slightly parted and there was a slick of moisture glistening down one thigh. Blue mini reached round and cupped her friends mound with her small palm. She looked up at Adam and winked, then deliberately slid her slim finger into her friend - all of it up into the split pussy, and wriggled her hand as if to seat it firmly inside. 

No-one was really dancing now. Red mini had slowed down to barely a slow side-to-side sway. Blue mini was just moving her shoulders and upper body, concentrating on the feeling of her body pressed up against her friend and finger fucking her all the way up inside. 

Her smile burned into Adam. Eyes glued to the sight, he realized with a start that he'd almost left it too late and the volume of the track playing had appreciably faded. He quickly slid it into the next track, set the system on auto-merge, and got down to seriously watch the show. 

Blue was now fucking Red to the rhythmic beat of the heavy drum and bass line, thumping into her as they both rocked. Red was long gone, lost in the feel of the invading digit and the aural input. 

Then, without warning, she came. 

Adam watched as she went rigid for a long second, then let go with the blatant sexual gyration of orgasm, unconsciously cumming to the rhythm of the music. Her friend pumped her to the beat, making it look like she was dancing as she spasmed. 

Adam worried briefly they were being too obvious, but he soon realized that with the flashing multi-coloured lights, no-one else except those right close to the girls could have any idea of what was going on. It was, after all, a club that pushed the limits and had gained a reputation for allowing extreme dress and behavior. He relaxed as he noticed that only one couple dancing behind the girls seemed to be taking any notice, occasionally glancing at the girls as they did their thing. 

Red mini's sensual gyrations continued as she came down from her public orgasm. She stroked herself, bringing her hands to her chest and for a long moment pressing Blue's hands into her breasts. Turning around, she offered up pouting lips for a kiss and the two locked into tight cinch. It wasn't a big deal at the club really, to see two girls kissing, but with the knowledge of what had happened, Adam almost burst his fly as he watched. The aural load from the music booming through the monitoring speakers in his glass walled cubicle made the moment all the more erotic. 

Adam started with shock when Red mini opened her eyes, smiled directly at him and blew him a kiss. Her skirt was still above her crotch, exposing her mound to his view. She winked as she pulled it down. Then, almost aggressively, she turned her friend round in front of her so they were in reversed positions, Blue now pressing her ass back into Red's crotch. They continued their sensual dancing. 

The abrupt movement visibly drew closer attention from the couple dancing close by. Adam looked at them closely for the first time. The woman was tall and full figured, quite a bit older than the two teens - closer maybe to thirty-five. She had a look about her that expressed coolness and sophistication. Comfortable, not too tight, figure-accentuating jeans and white silk top tied into a knot above her navel completed the polished, mature look. Her long brunette hair was pulled into an exotic bun above her head, giving her a more composed look than most of the young things at the club. She oozed sexuality. 

Her mate was tall too, dressed in faded tight jeans and close fitting t-shirt. It was obvious he worked out, his muscles broadcasting the fact as they stood out in relief. He was not muscle bound though, but had a nice sporty look. Adam bet he was a swimmer from the breadth of his shoulders and his tight ass. They were locked in an embrace, slow dancing as they checked out each other, and occasionally, their neighbors and the club. Their kisses were deep and full-tongued, leaving no doubt that they lovers out for some fun before having a sexy evening at home. 

They continued watching as Red became more aggressive, running her hands up and down Blue's tight-nippled chest. The caresses soon had the desired effect on Blue, making her lean back into her friend's soft chest and close her eyes as she enjoyed the sensation. Adam watched her mouth open slightly as she relaxed. 

Red continued her assault, moving to cup her friend's boobs. Acknowledging Adam's stare, she wrapped her palms round the soft tissue and offered the protruding nubbins out to his gaze. The naughty smile returned as she again winked at him. 
