 My eyes felt heavy as I began to wake up but something seemed very strange, or maybe I was still dreaming. 

As I went to rub my eyes I found it impossible to move I was confused until I realised that Paul was up to his silly tricks again, my wrists were tied together and secured to the top of the bed; my ankles had been tied to the bottom corners and I was totally naked.

I called out to Paul but he had either gone out or was playing deaf, whatever it was I was feeling very cross with him this was certainly not the time or place.

The daylight in the room seemed brighter than usual, it was then I noticed that Paul had removed the net curtains from the window. It was just as well that no neighbor's houses overlooked ours or they would have had a fine view of me with my legs spread wide open as if inviting the world to have there wicked way with me.

There was a clanking noise outside, Paul must be returning I thought as the noise turned to scraping then a small bang against the window.

Oh my god, today's Tuesday, the window cleaning day, please don't let this be the window cleaner.

A face appeared at the window, a spotty youth had started washing the windows. He glanced in my direction and then carried on with the windows.

It must have taken a while for it to sink into his head, because all of a sudden he rapidly cleared the suds off the window and pressed his face as close to the pane as was possible. A big smile crossed his face as he realised what was lying on the bed. Without turning his head he shouted down to his boss and invited him to come and see.

The next minute an older man's face appeared, I guessed he was in his mid fifties. He laughed out loud and called something down to his mate and then vanished from view.

The spotty youth re-appeared and continued cleaning the windows without once taking his eyes off me.

Once he was done I could hear the ladder being removed, they continued cleaning the windows and then it all went silent.

About fifteen minutes had elapsed when I heard footsteps coming up the stairs, I prayed it was Paul and when the two window cleaners entered the room I vehemently shouted at them to get out. 

"I'm sorry missus," said the older man, "but there was a note attached to one of the windows telling me to collect payment up here."

He walked towards me, his hands moved in the direction of my exposed pussy.

I shouted at him again.

"Hold on," he said, "there's a note here just let me read it."

He began reading it out loud.

"Dear window cleaner I had no change this morning so please take your payment from the wife. How you get your payment is up to you, and if she gives you any earache use your shammy, that'll shut her up."

"What's it mean boss?" asked the spotty youth.

"Don't be so damn stupid," the old man said, "it means if we want we can take payment in kind."

"What's that mean boss, what's payment in kind?" he asked his boss.

"It means we can fuck her you dipstick," said the boss.

"What you mean have sex with her, wont she mind then?" inquired the youth.

"Don't think she can really object can she," said the old man.

"Yes I can fucking object!" I screamed at them.

With that the old man flicked his shammy at me, the edge caught me just below the nipple. I yelped in pain.

"That fucking hurt you bastard, get out of here, get out now!" I shouted.

This brought another flick of the shammy, this time it caught me right on my nipple and stung like crazy.

The pain was intense. It was a case of more of the same or shut up. I decided to shut up.

"Well son, we better take out payment, you ever fucked a woman before?" he asked his young assistant.

"Well once, actually no I ain't," replied the spotty youth.

"You ever touched a naked woman then?" said the old man.

"No never, but I have seen pictures and I once saw a video of people having sex," replied spotty.

"Go on then have a feel of those tits," the old man told Spotty.

The spotty youth tentatively stroked my tit. He looked towards the old man for approval.

The old man just nodded.

My nipples were erect not from his touch but from the whack I got from the shammy.

I cringed as his fingers passed over my nipples, he tweaked them and rolled them in his fingers and then began to squeeze them, it wasn't unpleasant but lying there knowing that these two losers were going to fuck me brought butterflies to my stomach.

When he had finished playing with my tits his hand moved towards my open crotch. I could feel his fingers running along my slit. Slowly he inserted his finger into my exposed cunt until he was deep in me, pumping his finger in and out I could feel my own wetness oozing down my butt.

"Go on get your tongue in there, give her a good licking," encouraged the old man. 

The youth positioned himself between my spread legs, I could feel his fingers opening my cunt and exposing my clit, which he greedily began sucking on. The faster he sucked the closer I got to orgasm, there was no way I could hold back. I started thrashing my body side to side as the explosion within me got closer.

"She's loving it, keep on going, she'll be begging to be fucked soon," said the old man.

Little did he know I was mentally begging for it now, but I wasn't going to give them the pleasure of knowing how bad I wanted to be fucked and right now I didn't give a damn who did it.

The old man came to the head of the bed his trousers were off and his pants were around his ankles. I was looking straight at his wrinkled but big cock.

"Suck on this honey, make me big and stiff so I can stick it deep in your hungry cunt," he said.

I couldn't help myself I just let his old cock slip into my mouth and began sucking it for all I was worth.

"I think your about ready for a good fucking now, but I want to hear you beg for it first," said the old man.

Spotty was driving me wild with his rapid sucking and if the only way I was going to be fucked was by begging, then begging I would.

"Fuck me please," I said.

"Louder," said the old man.

"Fuck me louder," I said.

The old man didn't see the funny side of my reply and pinched my nipples hard.

"Fuck me, fuck me, please FUCK ME!" I screamed at him.

The old man pushed Spotty aside. I could feel his throbbing cock at my entrance. He thrust it into to me, it felt good; I could feel it stretching me as he went in deeper and deeper. He was pumping into me, another orgasm was fast approaching and it was feeling wonderful.

"Harder fuck me harder, I want fucking!" I shouted at him.

This seemed to bring him to the edge of his orgasm. 

We exploded together his jism splattering into me.

He collapsed over me as he tried to regain his breath, I hoped his old heart wasn't going to give out right now.

He rolled of me and turned to Spotty and said, "okay son go for it."

Spotty's cock wasn't as thick as the old mans but it was certainly longer and I could feel it going deeper than any man had gone before.

As Spotty humped away in me the old man had returned his now cum covered limp cock back into my mouth.

I sucked away as Spotty fucked away.

I experienced at least two more orgasms before Spotty dumped his load in me.

They both moved away and got dressed. 

Once dressed they both moved towards the bed staring at my nakedness.

"Thanks lady that was wonderful, the best fuck I've had for years and Spotty is no longer a virgin, so if you want your windows cleaned every month for free just say, I've got other mates who wouldn't mind giving you a good shag."

I declined his offer.

As the front door closed the wardrobe door open and out sprung Paul.

"You bastard I cried, why did you do this and why did you let them hurt me."

"I just felt like it, I wanted to watch you getting fucked. I didn't know they would hurt you but I couldn't reveal myself could I?" he said.

"Well you've had your fun so know you can pack a suitcase and piss off, I don't want to ever see you again," I yelled at him.

"I don't think you are in a position to make demands, if anything whenever I want to watch you fuck someone you will do just that."

"In your dreams," I said.

From behind his back he brought out a video recorder.

"See this, how would you like me to send it to your friends and family. Now to show me that you forgive me ask me to fuck you."

What choice did I have, either let my family know that I had become a porno movie participator or let him use and abuse my body for the rest of my life.

Yes you guessed it I asked him to fuck me.