 Clearwater Abbey is a log building in the center or a remote Cedar forest. Walter Tucker, founder of The Church of the Universe, rents the property from the owner.

Brother Walter has a flock of about a hundred followers, a dozen of whom live in a commune at the abbey.

The Church of the Universe is an unorthodox endeavor that uses marijuana for their sacrament rather than the traditional bread and wine. Whilst not a demonic religion it does tend to flagrantly challenge customary philosophical values.

"Free love" is not only condoned but also promoted amongst the congregation. Members constantly are encouraged to couple with each other while visiting the abbey. Indeed special areas are designated for group encounters as well as more intimate one-o-one liaisons.

My husband Rick and I have been married seventeen years and have had a relatively conservative lifestyle. There was a nine-month period when my younger sister Nikki was "between jobs" and stayed with us. Nikki often shared our bed and my husband's cock during her stay.

There had been a couple of times when Rick and his friend had tag-teamed me during a visit after a night of drinking too much and smoking weed. 

Our first visit to Clearwater was on a July afternoon. The property contained an old abandoned stone quarry that had filled with water and become a favorite swimming spot. Of course skinny-dipping was the rule.

At five-dollars-a-head admission the quarry was Clearwater's primary source of income. On a hot day there would be over a hundred swimmers using the quarry. 

Our Buick bounced down the dirt laneway leading into Clearwater through the cedar bush. After traveling over a few hundred feet of barely passable rod we come to the gate into the abbey property.

The first thing I saw was Brother Walter reclined in a lounge chair, nude! The whiskered minister was not what had expected. Perhaps in his mid-forties Tucker appeared quite unkempt and in need of a dip in his quarry.

As we stopped to pay our entrance fee Tucker approached Rick's window. I don't know why but I expected him to have a hard on, instead his flaccid cock just hung between his legs from a bush of gray pubic hair. 

Brother Walter gave me a good looking over as Rick paid his the ten bucks and we continued on into the quarry site.  

The public nudity was something I was going to have to deal with. Being a bit on the heavy side with 40DD breasts I lacked confidence to parade myself naked in front of strangers.

Rick told me I could take it at my pace, gradually uncovering as I felt comfortable. 

Being a hot day there was a good turn out. Thankfully they were not all men, out of the crowd of about fifty or so there were about a dozen females cavorting around naked.

One side of the quarry was grassy while the other was overgrown with shrubbery and a railway line. The grass-covered side was where the swimmers were congregated.

All eyes were on us as we drove in but soon went back to their fun when I did not disrobe immediately.

Privacy was impossible. I had worn my swimsuit under my shorts and top so when we found a spot to spread our blanket I removed my street clothes. We were less than fifteen feet from a group of five guys in their early twenties.

I waited a while until there was no attention being paid to us before I slipped my swimsuit off. Suddenly I was naked in front of everyone.

Of course it didn't take long for the guys beside us to notice I was naked. They began looking at me and making comments to each other.

I had shaved my pussy at Rick's request before we come. I thought I was too old to be shaving but my husband insisted. I was feeling really self-conscious with my bare 40DD's and bald pussy on display.

There was a refreshment stand by the gate where they sold pop, potatoes chips and chocolate bars. Rick decided to go and but us a drink leaving me alone in the midst of these horny young men.

I had told Rick not to be too long and he just smiled saying I would be O.K. as he left. He was not even out of sight before one of our neighbors approached me.

I really felt self-conscious with a stranger standing so close to me nude. He was only five feet from me and could see every blemish plus I got a look at my first erection.

He was fully erect, his menacing cock waving a mere few feet from my face. I must admit I was impressed with the size and hardness of his young cock.

"Hi, my name is Jim." He introduced himself his eyes locked on my bare breasts.

"Why don't you come over and have a beer with us?" Jim asked.

I was in a dazed, mesmerized by the closeness of his beautiful cock.

"Oh sorry, yea sure." I snapped out of it.

Totally naked I got up and followed him to join his friends. 

Jim introduced me to his friends who all took an up close look at my naked body. Someone put a beer in my hand and I was one of the gang.

"We want to fuck you." Jim told me.

Fuck me, all five of them? "My husband will be back soon." I replied.

"He asked us to keep you busy for about an hour." Jim smiled.

I had noticed Rick stop to talk to them ion his way to the refreshment stand, he had set me up.

I surveyed the group of my potential lovers. All were in their early twenties, four white and one an Asian. All had erections and were stroking in anticipation of shoving them into me.

A hand covered my crotch, fingers worked into my wetness. I just sat there holding my beer.

"She's ready!" the guy with his fingers in me announced.

Suddenly there was a big fat cockhead pressing against my lips. My mouth opened and the cock entered my head. It was thick and hard pressing against my tongue like a wooded tongue depressor. I said "ahh" as he started skull fucking me. My head was held firmly as he drove his meat deeper and deeper into my throat.

As I was sucking cock hands were grabbing my breasts and fondling them like lumps of pizza dough. Others were maneuvering me into the "doggy" position.

As they took me from behind I did not see the first guy to enter me, I just felt his rock-hard cock slid into my waiting pussy.

"Oh God yes!" I moaned as my pussy clenched the anonymous cock.

The young cock felt so good in me it made my tongue do crazy things to the dick in my mouth. Up and down the length, around the bulbous head, I danced all over it.

I had had two cocks in me with Rick and his friend, but two hard young cocks that couldn't get enough of me? I was their slut.

My ass wiggled pulling the cock in my snatch with it. My rider had a firm hold on my hips and rode me like a bronco. I continued thrashing not trying to escape the intruder but attempting to make him cum in me.

My mouth was filled first. Spurts of salty brine surged from the cockhead and rolled down my throat. As I was swallowing the generous amount of cum I felt the cock inside my cunt release its load. The double ejaculation caused me to climax.

Right in front of everybody my body trembled in the throes of rapture. Hands yanked my hanging boobs as a creamed on the cock buried so deep inside me.

I was permitted a brief break. A swig of beer to wash down the trail of cum and wiping my crotch with Kleenex. 

They took me one after the other, each taking their turn in my mouth and my pussy. They were all similar, hard young cocks fucking me hard and cumming quickly in me. My body was soon dripping with the cum of dozens of ejaculations.

I do remember one of them; he was a big guy like a bear. He looked like a biker and had a lot of body hair. With his size he manipulated me like a rag doll, bending me in half and literally sliding me up and down on his huge pole. I screamed cumming with him.

I don't know how long Rick had been gone but he walked up just as I was screaming my orgasm with the biker's cock ravaging my pussy.

"See you've been having fun." He said seeing me dripping cum like a Krispy Kream frosted donut.

My spasms were too intense for me to answer him.

There was a lot of backslapping as the guys congratulated Rick on what a whore his wife was.

Rick just grinned and said he had met a cute young redhead at the refreshment booth. He told the guys we would be "regulars" at the abbey and he appreciated them looking after his wife for him.