 Megan was a large woman. Which was not to say she was in any way overweight. She was simply very tall and proportionally large -- and she was mouthwateringly gorgeous. The other women certainly thought so, and from what they could gather, so did all men. Her body was the kind you'd find painted on the side of a World War Two bomber. Being a large woman, when she was very hot, which seemed to be all the time, she naturally plunged two, not one, long fingers deep into her slick and willing vagina. That's just one of the many things that Christine and Elizabeth had learned over these many meetings of the group: just one of the secrets the friends shared. This particular group was special in that way.

At the moment, they were seated in a casual circle in the well-appointed living room of Liz's Manhattan high rise -- the cityscape just outside the windows, twinkling as if a bucket of diamonds had been thrown into the darkness, was only the backdrop to the constant sounds of the city.

Their meetings began as just two loyal friends supporting Liz. But over the years they had become a regular sensual ritual. Liz is the CEO of the free erotica website; lizerotica.com -- the top erotica site on the web. It had started out modestly enough, but just as its growth had taken off, what was once a pleasure in the beginning, the process of reviewing and processing each of the submissions, had suddenly so overwhelmed Liz, that things would have gone quite astray had her two friends not shown up and offered to help with the reviews. She had eventually managed to land some professional editors. But before that, evening after evening, they had gathered at Liz's place, sipping wine as they waded through stacks of submissions. 

Reading erotic stories in the company of two hot ladies and drinking wine didn't seem like a particularly bad way to spend the evening anyway. That was Christine's first thought when Megan had first suggested the idea. And though there was certainly the occasional slog, for the most part, she was right. The truth of the matter was, that much more quickly than she expected, she had found herself getting achingly aroused as, her red pen in hand, she read through the many submissions. More than once, when she thought no one was looking, she had tapped that pen against the crotch of her jeans, just over her clit. In fact, she would never admit to this, but she had secretly masturbated in her car, just after their very first meeting. 

The gatherings had become less frequent once the new senior editors were on board, but they continued to meet every other Thursday night. Rather than read the usual spectrum of submissions, Liz collected what she expected to be the hottest new submissions to share with these two special sisters. The meetings were an oasis in her hectic life as a CEO, giving her some needed girl time, and also giving her a direct channel to the sexual heat she was constantly working to curate into Lizerotica. They also gave her a chance to return to the reason she had even made it to this position -- she loved to read dirty stories, a pleasure she was able to rekindle here, no matter what was going on at the office. Yes, it was exactly as people thought when they first met her and found out what she did for a living, she loved reading dirty stories. 

Many of the submitting writers probably imagined their pieces being reviewed by lusciously gorgeous women, and in the beginning it had been true, but now, save for a select few, they were mostly read by a small army of subcontracted workers, managed by a balding nearsighted man with a goatee, and a chain-smoking ex-truck driver in the middle of a career change - talented editors both of them.

Their meetings had sustained themselves not only because the material was particularly high quality -- Liz did have a talent for this after all, but simply said, the gatherings themselves had become fucking hot. 

Megan, in the largess of her lustiness (and really, who could blame any creature who inhabited that luscious body?), had been the first to give in. It had been a very long evening of reading, the three empty wine bottles on the coffee table attested to that. It had not escaped the notice of the two other ladies that after reading one piece -- twice -- she had nonchalantly slipped a hand down between her legs, discretely stroking the crotch of her always tight and revealing yoga pants. After sharing a knowing glance, the other two continued to sneak peeks at her as they pretended to focus on their respective stories, neither of which could compete with the hot scene unfolding before them. Megan's hand stayed there through that story and part of the next. Their pretending was over, however, when Megan let escape an extended moan. They both looked up to see her fingering herself with abandon as she raised both her feet off the floor and came large -- as Megan would, bucking and writhing in her chair. She rode the orgasmic waves without shame, a tribute to pleasure, womanhood, lust, and a very hot story. Liz made sure she forwarded that one to the rest of the group.

After that, it became absolutely acceptable to diddle one's crotch while reading. It wasn't long before each of them had orgasmed at least once in front of the others. It was simply a hazard of the job.

The ladies had even followed suit when Liz began greeting them at her apartment door, wearing little more than a long t-shirt, panties -- and nothing else. In response, it seemed perfectly natural for the other two to remove their pants at the beginning of each session. They spent many nights with Liz sitting on the floor with her legs open wide as her fingers played lightly over the folds of the crotch of her white cotton panties, where they bunched before descending into her well-toned crack. 

Brassieres were the next to go, as clearly they were impediments to appreciating a truly good work when it came by. Liz and Meghan both loved the way that when Christine was getting hot, her candy drop nipples poked out from the soft material of her tank top, sometimes snagging the material in a way that made the other two salivate

"You'd think that every single woman on the planet walked around with 36DDs!", was what started another memorable evening. Liz had made the offhand comment just as she was starting in on a new story. Sighing, Christine admitted that she; "Just loved 36DDs." This inspired Megan to slip off her top, to the amazement of the other two women. For a moment, they stared at Megan's two luscious mounds, standing free and proud, jiggling ever so alluringly with every motion she made. Holding her chest out, and perching herself on the edge of the couch, she motioned for Christine to slide in behind her and see for herself what she thought of hers. After hesitating for the briefest of moments, Christine climbed up on the couch, snuggling in behind the living sex doll. She hoped she wasn't too obvious as she savored the smell of Megan, and the temperature of her skin, as she slid both her hands around her, her fingers curling over the succulent globes. She gently lifted them, respectfully testing their impressive weight. Liz thought Megan was getting into it. "These are 34Cs, and I'm quite proud of them.", responded Megan, and rightly so. "You don't have to be so gentle, just give them a nice squeeze."

Who could resist?

Megan's nipples were now hardening with all the attention.

Liz, not one to be left out, demanded equal time. She had never felt another woman's breasts before, at least not in her adult life. Of course, handling Megan's breasts were a thrill, but a close second was feeling her own skin against Megan's, separated only by the thin top she was wearing.

Megan now claimed her own turn, both ladies now changing positions. As Liz lifted her shirt over her head, both of her breasts bounced free. The other two women wondered how they could have overlooked such beautiful assets. As Megan's fingers engulfed Liz's very forward tits, she complemented Liz on their perfect shape. Liz could feel her pussy start to respond to the caring touch. Megan said; "I'm guessing Ds. What do you think Christine?"

Liz's at first felt slightly disappointed to have Megan move away, but Christine had already taken off her top, and she slid directly behind Liz. Her breasts looked even more impressive in Christine's smaller hands. She was very aware of Christine's long nipples against her back, and her delicate pixie touches as she caressed Liz. "Hmm, I don't know..." as if studying a painting, "I would say C...C plus!"

"Ding ding!", said Liz, holding out our her chest, "30C!. And, get in front of me, it's our turn!"

Christine now moved to a position in front of Liz, straddling Liz's knee with her back to her. As she leaned back, her pussy split over Liz's leg, making it very warm where the two touched. Soon enough, Liz had Christine's sweet mounds in her palms. Christine declared them 32As, and they were just lovely. 

It continued from there. They saw each other socially, and would even have lunch with one another on occasion, but their meetings were somehow outside of all of that. They were a safe and fertile place where the three women could truly relax. Lovers would come and go, but their evening gatherings were sacred.

There was an evening when deep in the midst of their readings, Liz had suddenly piped up; "wait, wait!" The other two paused to look at her. "I'm trying to figure this out. Listen to this;

On the crowded elevator, her husband's cock lodged deep in her ass. She spread her legs wide while the tall stranger slid his erect prong into her gushing snatch."

Liz read this aloud, wincing at the use of the word snatch. "Yes, snatch is wrong here, I know, I know, that's not my point. I don't think the guy in front of her could get his cock into her like that. Especially if he was taller."

For some unspoken reason, perhaps because she was both constantly horny and also gorgeous, or perhaps they were driven to determine whether their fantasies about her held any connection with reality, they always first looked to Megan to confirm these things from experience. This had, several times, been the case, and each time, after a little chiding, she would acquiesce and divulge the steamy details -- especially if she had had a bit more wine, and not yet come. 

Megan's expression made it clear that she had nothing to reveal on the matter.

"Well," Christine replied, standing, "let's give it a try. The stranger is the tallest one, so that would be you Megan. Christine do you want to be in middle or, ah, in my ass."

"Let's try it in the elevator!", Liz doubled over in laughter as she visualized the absurd suggestion, which to her amazement, the other two genuinely considered before Christine reminded them that they wouldn't have to restore their clothing if they used the shower.

Minutes later, the three of them were standing in the shower, Liz in the middle, Megan's large breasts pushing almost into her face. Behind her was Christine, pushing in tightly as she shared her assessment; "I think I couldn't get into your ass if you were standing up so straight." "Remember that dicks are more frontal than clits.", Megan reminded them in a surprisingly off handed manner. Wary of Megan's tits, Liz bowled her hips forward, she had taken ballet as a young girl, until she triangulated where Christine's cock -- if Christine had a cock -- would protrude, and deftly tried to maneuver her anus backward. In doing so she pushed back against Christine, enjoying the feel and warmth of her luxurious bod, and feeling the hard little nobs of her nipples in her back. She couldn't do it. Not without coming eye to eye with Megan's soft melons. The space in the shower was a bit more cramped than one would find in an elevator, but no one was complaining. 

"Ok, hold it." commanded Megan, and bowing her legs, she lowered herself in an attempt to bring the imagined location of her cock into proper alignment. Megan and Liz had finally negotiated a position that kept Megan's breasts permanently held high against her own chest. -- almost nipple to nipple. The effect was electrifying, and Liz secretly resolved to resist any changes that might take her out of contact with those warm handfuls. Not only that, but their two mons were now pressed against the each other, a glorious position she hoped would never end. 

Quoting the storie's lines; Megan, in a faux deep voice growled; "I'm going to fuck your gaping hole, bitch!" In response Liz, her voice channeling little red riding hood, replied; "but, but, my gaping hole is facing behind me." With this, the three dissolved in laughter, and enjoying the sisterhood of their friendship, they giggled and contorted, each savoring the accidental brushes this motion created in the cramped quarters until they spilled out of the shower and onto the bathroom floor -- where they relaxed in bliss for a long moment. Liz shyly hoped those leg brushes against her pussy hadn't registered how wet she was. Being in the middle was absolutely the best. 

Rather than suggest the author move the scene to the shower; strangers are rarely encountered there, it was decided to leave it -- it was fantasy after all, and anyway, it would be well worth it if even just one group of readers had been inspired to investigate the physical possibility of the position they came to refer to as; the camelcoaster. 

Another time, deep in contemplation, Liz suddenly blurted out; "tribing? What is tribing?" Megan and Christine exchanged glances, both surprised that Liz had somehow missed the obvious misspelling. Once she had been corrected, she responded; "Oh, does that actually work?" Their collective experience failed them, but they were perfectly equipped to research the matter. Megan moved to a position on her knees as she patted the couch next to her, motioning for Liz to join her. Christine found it very hot as she watched Megan lift up slightly, guiding Liz's knee in between her perfect thighs, until the two beauties paused; perfectly interlocked. At Megan's suggestion they then rolled their hips, rubbing their clits against the soft skin of the other's broad thigh. 

After a deep breath, Liz admitted that the position had it's allure. She added; "But I thought it was more about rubbing pussies together." "Does that actually work?", pondered Christine, hoping they didn't realize her real agenda was to extend the hot charades as long as possible. After sharing a brief hug, the two separated as they eyed each other, trying to work out how they might rub their pussies against each other. The challenge proved too great, but It degenerated into a laughing wrestling match, ultimately consuming Christine in the process as the three of them wrestled playfully on the floor . 

Weeks later, Liz had paused to share what she considered a humorous passage that used the word "enpurpling" to describe a cock that was, well, enpurpling. After taking a spirited turn, their discussion journied widely on the topic of cocks until Christine, ever the instigator, admitted that she was always curious about the ten inch cocks that were apparently sported by a high percentage of the male inhabitants of their literary utopia. Liz admitted that while she herself had never experienced such an appendage, she knew with some degree of confidence that vaginas were capable of accomodating the heads of babies, and she imagined that even 10 inch cocks were well below that size. 

After additional discussion, Megan finally broke her silence stating flatly that there was a single way to find out. Focusing her deep blue eyes on Liz, she asked whether Liz had a worthy object in the apartment. Liz considered her options out loud. She didn't own any dildos (that big). She didn't have a four poster bed, and the homeowners association barred candles... 

It did so happen, however, that she had made her regular trip to the farmers market that very evening. Megan was in the kitchen before any of them could raise any protest, and soon enough she returned with a rather respectable cucumber. It was actually 11 inches long, Megan had measured it at the kitchen desk, but she figured it was within tolerance, not really expecting things to go very far, so to speak. Being a consummate host, Liz had been providing a supply of lube at their disposal ever since it became acceptable to frig oneself while reviewing submissions. Megan asked Liz to warm it up under her clothing as she got things ready. Liz placed it lewdly between her legs, a devilish grin coming over her pretty face. 

Christine watched all of this with quiet bemusement. The girls didn't know it but she was in the middle of reviewing a surprisingly hot series about a space ranging amazon being gangbanged by alien robots. She had been gradually developing a raging gangbang fantasy ever since encountering quite a string of those types of stories recently. 

The two ladies watched in apt appreciation as Christine slid her boy shorts down her long toned legs -- which she then brazenly spread her wide. Amazed, they couldn't take their eyes off of her as she stroked herself in front of them. Christine was a natural showman, and she relished their looks as she plunged one, then two fingers into the slick depths between her labia. Each time she withdrew them, they were visibly wetter than the time before. 

Taking up positions on the sectional sofa, Megan and Liz instructed Christine to lay down on her stomach on Megan's lap, her ass facing Liz. Christine could feel Megan's heavy breasts on her back, as Megan caressed her soft firm buttocks lovingly, while Liz coated the cucumber with a generous amount of sexual lubricant, as she admired Christine's swollen pussy. Christine obviously didn't need lubrication. Megan curled the corner of her mouth, as she watched Liz guide the cucumber until it was just touching Christine's pussy. Liz then spiraled the bulbous tip gently inside her labia. She paused, then gently applied pressure. Christine let out a sweet little coo as it intruded into her welcoming opening, stretching her pleasurably. After slowly withdrawing the tip, Liz then again gently pushed it back in. Each time she could see Christine's pussy swallowing more and more of the obscene shaft. Compared to the size of the young woman, the cucumber seemed huge, and Liz was fascinated by the way Christine's opening stretched readily, wantonly, to accept it. 

All of this had Christine murmuring in pleasure until after a short while the tightness of her love channel arrested Liz's progress. Sensing it, Megan craned as far down as she could, and whispered something in Christine's ear. Whatever it was, it worked perfectly. Megan pushed down with her arms upon Christine's back, and told Liz to increased the pressure. Christine rotated her hips as the intruding shaft glided further into her tight channel until, not wanting to hurt her, Liz paused. Christine took a sharp breath, and then began thrusting herself back as if she was possessed. Earlier Megan had snaked her hand in between Christine's legs, and had been waiting for the right moment -- which had clearly just arrived. She expertly teased Christines clit as Christine repeatedly plunged herself back upon the huge shape. Though she had started out quietly, the sounds she began making were clearly ones of pleasure. This built until she was on the verge of coming, when she breathlessly declared that it had bottomed out. Both Liz and Megan traded knowing glances, the girl deserved respect, she had taken all but the final inch, which now protruded rather obscenely from her vagina, framed by her taut labial folds. 

Following a hunch, Megan now renewed her assault on Christine's clit, which had become impossibly large. At the same time, leaving the cucumber in place, Liz reached over to retrieve the computer tablet that Christine had been working on. Wakening the device from sleep mode (the girls had been at this a while) she scrolled back and began reading aloud the bawdy tale from somewhere in the middle -- Liz knew that was generally where most stories began to get hot. Between breaths of ecstasy, Christine managed to say; "further", and "back", until she had Liz right where she needed. As the story built, so too did Christine's orgasm. It was all too much for Liz, and pulling the crotch of her panties aside was now fingering herself wildly with her free hand as she read from the device in the other. They were ascending together, transported by the story, fully at the author's mercy. They could only hope that there wasn't a plot twist or a continuation between here and their orgasms. 
