 "Are you absolutely, positively, unquestionably certain this... contraption... is actually safe?" 

Julie looked over the tall silver machine once again, enormously skeptical at her husband's newest creation. Stretching nearly from the floor of the basement to the ceiling, the massive machine sported two doors, with a large panel of buttons and switches mounted between them. It was clearly large enough for most people to stand in, although many NBA players would need to duck their heads to get inside it. 

"Indeed I am, and just to prove it," Andrew replied as he began to undress, "I'll test it for you." 

"What!?!" Julie reacted from surprise at seeing Andrew undressing. "Just why are you taking off your shirt?" 

"I haven't done tests including clothing. I'll need to test that later this week. But for now, I just want to test this on myself." 

Leaning back against a wall, Julie folded her arms across her chest. slightly shaking her head in disbelief. "Either you are a brilliant genius, or you're simply a raving lunatic. I'm beginning to think you're much more the latter!" 

"Would you prefer to test it yourself?" 

"Definitely not!!!" 

"Fine." Andrew continued to undress, his eyes drinking in the vision of his young wife. "But trust me, you won't be disappointed." 

"Whatever," she replied, rolling her eyes. 

At last, Andrew was fully nude, his clothes tossed onto a chair by his work table. "Now, here is what I want you to do," he said, motioning for Julia to approach. "When the LED lights switch from red to green, I want you to press the large white button at the base of the panel. That will open the two doors, and prove my success." 

Julia sighed loudly, dramatically. "Fine. Just get in that damn thing and let's get this so-called 'test' over with." 

"But first..." Andrew suddenly grabbed his wife by the shoulders and kissed her heatedly for several seconds before releasing her. 

"Remember, the large white button." With that, Andrew entered the left door and closed it behind him. 

*****

The LED lights finally switched from red to green, accompanied by a soft melodic chime. With yet another sigh, Julia slipped off the work table and approached the large machine. She pressed the large white button and heard the latches on the two doors simultaneously release. When nothing else happened, she returned to sit upon the work table. 

The right door opened first, and Andrew stepped out. His eyes quickly scanned the basement, and when they fell upon his skeptical wife, he smiled. "I told you it would work!" 

"Oh?" Julia crossed her arms over her chest again, clearly not impressed. "So why did you come out the right-side door?" 

At that moment, the left door opened, and Andrew stepped out. His eyes quickly scanned the basement, and when they fell upon his stunned wife, he smiled. "Are you finally convinced?" 

If Julia were a cartoon character, her jaw would have bounced off the floor, such was the extent of her extreme astonishment. 

Andrew and Andrew both laughed good-naturedly at Julia's expression. 

"Wha... wh... what in the world have... HOW!?!?!?!?!" 

"Trust me," an Andrew said nonchalantly, "if I gave you the details, you'd be incredibly bored." 

"On the other hand," the other Andrew said, "I have an idea." 

The two Andrews looked at each other, then suddenly nodded in an unspoken agreement. 

"Don't tell me you both can communicate telepathically!?!" 

"Actually, yes." an Andrew responded. 

"But we know how to make you truly believe just how well this cloning machine works," the other Andrew added. "Come here." 

After a brief hesitation, Julia slipped off the table and approached the two Andrews cautiously. Standing between them - standing between her husbands? - she cautiously touched both of them, finding the skin on their chests to feel exactly the same. She looked from one to the other, finding their smiles identical, the gleam in their eyes identical. 

Their touches upon her shoulders, identical. 

Their growing erections, identical. 

Her panties, dampening. 

"This situation could have some interesting... 'uses.'" 

"Exactly," both Andrews agreed as one. 

Julia gasped softly, only now realizing her last thought had been spoken aloud. 

"Shall we play here, or perhaps in the bedroom?" an Andrew asked. 

"Perhaps that should be Julia's decision," the other Andrew replied, "That will help her feel more at ease until she has fully accepted suddenly having two husbands." 

"Agreed." 

Both Andrews looked at Julia, awaiting her decision. They both had that gentle, loving, admiring gaze which first struck Julia's heart when she had met Andrew in middle school. 

"Wait here for about fifteen minutes," she finally decided, "then come upstairs to the bedroom." 

*****

Upon hearing the knock on the bedroom door, Julia simply called out, "Come in, please." 

Andrew and Andrew entered the bedroom, then both stopped to gaze appreciatively upon their beautiful young wife sprawled seductively upon the bed. Her shoulder-length fire-red hair was cast outward upon the bed as if radiating from her head. She wore a satin robe, as red as her hair, with its waist tie forming a large bow at her navel. Her black bra and panties were just visible through the red satin, her nipples unmistakable as they tented the sensual fabric. 

Despite the afternoon sunshine streaming through the open window, several tall red taper candles burned upon a dresser, each releasing a faint scent of strawberries. 

An Andrew drew closer to the bed, his leg brushing against hers. His gaze traveled the full length of her body several times as the other Andrew slowly made his way to the opposite side of the bed, his eyes undressing her several times. As they both looked loving and lustfully upon her, Julia smiled - both outwardly and inwardly - as her eyes shifted from one growing erection to the other. She had often fantasized about having sex with two (or more) men. 

...now, she was about to have sex not just with two men, but with two identical husbands. 

The Andrew sitting upon the bed began to caress her, beginning with her left thigh. Julia's eyes locked with his and she felt a profound amazement pass from him to her through his touch, an amazement reflected in his dark hazel eyes. She wanted to look down her body, to watch his hand as it glided across her pale skin, but something in his eyes held hers prisoner, like a moth to a hot bulb. But she was able to will her left hand to touch the erection, which caused Andrew to quiver slightly at her touch. 

The other Andrew caressed her face, and Julia had to shift her gaze, looking up into the identical dark hazel eyes. Even in this pair of eyes, she found the profound amazement; in the caresses from these hands, she felt the love she had known definitively for several years, and had strongly suspected since middle school. 

"So beautiful," whispered the Andrew caressing her thigh. As his hand slipped underneath the hem of the robe, Julia tried to will his hand to suddenly thrust itself upward to the juncture of her legs and torso, to probe her wetness, to make her rain her sweet love upon him. But instead, the hand retreated just as slowly, toying with her expectations, teasing her. 

"Slide toward me," the standing Andrew requested softly. With assistance from both Andrews, the young woman complied, her head handing off the edge of the bed. With the bedposts elevated by small risers, actually used to provide more storage room underneath the bed, Julia's mouth was at the perfect elevation. 

Recognizing this, she parted her lips without prompting, and eagerly accepted the thick hardness which entered her, causing the standing Andrew to sigh happily even before her tongue began its well-practiced dance. 

The Andrew sitting beside the happy woman took this moment to reach for the bow at her waist. Gently, he pulled; slowly, the bow came apart, adding to his psychological teasing. Julia's hand retracted from his erection, and she now reached backward to hook her hands around the back of the standing husband's thighs as he established a slow, steady rhythm, making love to her mouth. 

The waist tie finally released, Andrew set the two ends aside, then parted the satin robe, the feel of the sensual fabric sliding across her skin causing Julia to moan softly around the thick shaft in her mouth. Her black open-cup bra and matching crotchless panties were exposed to the gaze of both her husbands, and she felt her wetness increase even more upon hearing their soft, flattering comments concerning her state of (un-)dress. 

The Andrew upon the bed changed position and parted her legs further, and Julia knew he was about to eat her. She sighed around the oral invader as she felt the warm breath upon her womanly folds, then moaned softly several seconds later as she felt the first bold action of her husband's tongue upon her. 

The standing Andrew stepped back, leaving Julia's mouth empty, both literally and figuratively. As she whimpered her pleasure past her slightly-parted lips, she reached for the erection, her own saliva providing the lubrication for her hands to slowly stroke the very object which had just escaped the seal of her lips. Closing her eyes, the young woman gave in to the ripples of pleasure beginning to flow throughout her body. 

As one Andrew suddenly and savagely thrust a pair of fingers into her body, Julia gave a primal growl, her hands instinctively squeezing hard on the other Andrew and causing him to groan loudly. Then, just as suddenly, her mouth was refilled, her head held solidly between powerful hands as the pistoning motion turned her mouth into a living sex toy. 

Which of them is real? she wondered dazedly, the majority of her consciousness focused solely upon the sexual activity. Which of my husbands is the clone? 

Twin points of erotic pain caused Julia's eyes to snap open as she grunted around the oral invader. While still taking her mouth, the standing husband had leaned forward and was savagely pinching her sensitive nipples, pulling them skyward as his forward-leaning position lodged his hot cock in her throat. Somehow, Julia was able to prevent herself from gagging at the suddenness of the act, but still found herself moaning around the intrusion as her other husband's actions between her legs had set her body to writhing the dirtiest dance humans can ever know. 

Her nipples released and her mouth momentarily unblocked, Julia took in huge gulps of air, her hands clenched in the hair upon the head from which a tongue had switched from gently adoring her womanhood to fiercely battering her clitoris. The fingers inside her curled upward, constantly grazing along that one special spot inside her. 

Suddenly, Julia was bucking hard, crying out passionately, her head snapping from side to side. Despite her open eyes, she could see nothing but sparks, and felt as if her entire body was aflame with passion. The searing pain of hot strawberry-scented wax dripping upon her still-uncomfortable nipples renewed her screams until she was effectively gagged by her standing husband's manhood being again lodged in her throat. 

The dam suddenly burst, and orgasm tossed her upon the bed like a flimsy raft at sea during a Category 5 hurricane. The sensory overload prevented her from realizing that sperm was being volleyed directly down her throat until the standing Andrew withdrew from her mouth and fired his final round across her face and neck to end at the center of her sternum. 

Suddenly, the Andrew between her legs left her, but before she was truly aware of this fact, she felt him suddenly barge his way through the opening of her panties and burrow viciously inside her body. His thrusts were powerful, violent, savage, and extremely effective in ensuring Julia screamed long and loud, releasing the wanton slut within her as only he had ever been able to do. And the wax continued to fall upon her, further heightening the dance of lust and effectively banishing all rational thought. 

With the loudest sound Julia had ever heard Andrew make, he roared like an angered lion and exploded within her, filling her so fast and so quickly that a thin shred of her conscious mind wondered if his seed would soon be trickling out her ears. Then he gave one final bone-shattering thrust within her that smashed against her cervix. 

Then Andrew collapsed upon her. 

It took Julia several minutes to finally return from the peak of sexuality to the valley of the mundane. Her head still leaning backward over the edge of the bed, she opened her eyes and saw Andrew kneeling on the floor, his face one of utter shock. Yet rationality had yet to fully return to her. 

She rolled her other husband off her and slowly sat, the juncture of her thighs and torso aching wonderfully, spilling the results of the primal coupling onto the now-unkempt red bedspread. She looked down upon Andrew with a smile, and reached out to stroke his cheek. 

Only then did she realize that one of her husbands had died. 

The next few minutes were a blurry haze. All Julia would remember later would be the sound of her own endless screams and the powerful, familiar arms holding her protectively. 

The same arms which lay lifeless upon the bed. 

*****

It was well after nightfall before Julia and Andrew finally placed the clone in the right-side chamber of the machine in the basement. They could only hope that by essentially reversing the cloning process, they could be rid of the dead Andrew. They set the machine to work, then retired upstairs together, neither wanting to really find out if this particular test would be successful. 

They sat in the darkness on the sofa, holding each other for comfort. For well over an hour, neither said anything. 

"I have a theory about what happened," Andrew finally offered quietly. 

Julia did not, and could not, say anything, as she was still too distraught to even attempt to speak. 

"I would like to test it." 

Still, Julia said nothing, nor was she able to say anything. 

"...by cloning you." 

Julia's tears ran anew.