 Copyright © May 2017 by CiaoSteve

Foreword #1: All characters in this series are over 18 

Foreword #2: This is pure fantasy and could contain events which may not happen in real life 

Foreword #3: This is part 2 of "Close Encounters". Although there is a little recap at the start of the story, you may want to read the first part to get up to speed with the story to date. 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

Mitch Dawson was a reporter, but no ordinary reporter. For one, he worked for the Charlottesville Courier, the local rag in a sleepy backwater where nothing really happened. For two, Mitch was a believer. No, not a fan of a successful Canadian singer/songwriter. Mitch believed we were not alone, that life existed beyond our little planet and that one day he would prove the doubters wrong. 

Could today be the day? He had been left a journal written by a mysterious young woman going under the pen name of Kendra Stewart. He'd only read a few pages to date but already he though he knew something of Kendra and the predicament she and her fellow students found themselves in. She had asked for help and help is what Mitch intended to give. If the story was true then this was the opportunity of a lifetime, the opportunity to make history. 

Mitch had rushed into the office that morning, eager to find out more about the mysterious Kendra. Hunched over his laptop Mitch had been trawling the net, looking for a clue, any clue. Any term he could think of went into various search engines. The results though were not useful, either no matches or too many matches. 

He tried Googling the clothes she wore in the photo and this did give a clue. The uniform was very similar to one belonging to an out of state university. Similar but not identical, but similar enough to dig a bit deeper. Scanning the local online newspapers he did pick up on a story about missing students, 5 cheerleaders who didn't return from a ball game. It dated back some 3 years and was followed by various updates on the initial investigation until a story a few months later reported that the students were believed by friends to have gone travelling. After that the trail went dead. 

Mitch rustled up a few e-mails; one to the university where the cheerleaders had studied, another to the local newspaper who ran the original stories and finally one to the local authorities. Each mail more or less the same; what did you know of the girls, is there any new information, do you have any contacts. Mails sent, Mitch poured himself a coffee and returned to the journal to see what other secrets it contained. 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

(By way of a quick recap, the five cheerleaders found themselves in a modern blue room in the company of two aliens, aliens though who had taken human form by feeding off human emotions. Kendra herself, still dressed in her red and white uniform was bound into a chair at one side of the room staring wide eyed at her four young friends. Van, Sabi, Mei and Lauren were each sat opposite dressed in nothing but their birthday suits but each wired up to a high tech VR style headset just slightly thicker than a pair of wrap around sunglasses.) 

I (Kendra) didn't know where to look. This was sick. I was being held captive by a couple of aliens not knowing what they intended, yet at the same time I was once again intrigued. Just like in the changing rooms there was a compulsion to sit and stare, an obsession with the view of the four naked friends and curiosity as to what they would do next. I was brought back to earth by a male voice from the side. 

"As I said, it's your choice. Come with us, teach us about sex and your friends can return back to their normal life. They won't know anything about today and other than you seeing them in the nude there will be no damage done." 

"No, I can't," I replied "and, after all, how do I know they are even under your control?" 

"Come my dear, your reaction is understandable. I guess you need a little demonstration to make you a bit more comfortable in your situation. First, let me release you from that chair. Do remember though that there is nowhere to run, nowhere to hide. Create a scene and you'll end up just like your friends." 

Gently the binds were released at both my wrists and ankles. Feeling stiff I stood up, and stretched a little. Still dressed in uniform it very much looked like I was warming up for a one woman show. Ironic when you think of what was to come. 

"So, you see Kendra, your friends don't know you are there or even that they are sat naked next to each other. With the devices they are wearing I can control their minds in such a way that they will only see what I want them to see, will only have the experiences I want them to have and, at the end, will only remember what I allow them to remember. Go on, why don't you say hello, but don't have any ideas of removing the devices as this would harm your friends." 

I wandered over, circling each girl in turn, calling out their names but all to no avail. There was not even a glimmer of response from any of them. Deflated, I wandered back and sat in my chair, waiting for what was to come next. 

"So my dear, back to the original question. Who's going to be first?" 

I thought for a while and, much as I didn't want to choose anyone, all I could think of was the fact that we wouldn't be here had it not been for Van getting her leg over in the changing rooms. 

"I need an answer." His voice was becoming a little harder, more commanding. 

I plucked up courage and nervously replied. "Van, let it be Van, she's the one who got us into this situation, so she can go first." 

There was a pause, a moment of reticent silence as Kendra wondered to herself what she had done. The silence didn't last long. Smiling, the host turned and addressed the four naked beauties. 

"Ladies," he announced, causing all four girls to simultaneously look up, "one of you goes by the earth name of Van. I would like you to stand up whilst the others can rest again." 

I could only gawp and stare as, third from the left, Van slowly stood up. The lack of clothes left nothing to hide and left me with a new view on each of my friends. The only saving grace was the fact that they didn't know I was watching them. 

"Come then Van, give us a little show and let's see what you've got." 

It was like a switch was flicked in my young friend's head and she went into performance mode, unaware of the fact that she was nude and putting her whole body on display. 

Van was the fittest of the lot of us and her toned, tanned body gave her the impression of a golden goddess as she danced. Her C-cup breasts bounced as she moved, the nipples enlarged and pointing straight out under the restraint of the clips holding the wires in place. Around the nipples were fairly small dark brown aureoles. 

Van did her trademark handstand and suddenly I found myself staring at her pussy region, immediately noticing the lack of hair. It was obvious that Van shaved her pussy. Still in handstand Van parted her legs in a V as if she was attempting to do the splits. What a sight. For the first time in my life I was looking explicitly at another's pussy. Hair free, the long parting between the outer lips was clearly visible running from front to back. I could only imagine what secrets were hidden beneath. 

Van stood back up, gave a little curtsy then stood still, just out of arms length, looking me straight in the eyes but not even acknowledging my existence. 

"Thank you my dear," out host continued "you certainly are talented on the outside, but let's take a look deeper in your mind to see what secrets exist." 

A large beanbag was placed centre stage and Van was encouraged to make herself comfortable, which she duly did. So now my friend was slumped back on a bean bag just on front of me, legs bent and knees spread wide as if presenting her pussy to me. I wanted to turn away but just couldn't. 

"Now relax my dear. This may feel a little strange to start with but you'll soon come to enjoy it." 

Van rested back as far as she could, her breathing slowing noticeably. 

"Let's get started then. What secrets are you hiding inside?" 

I noticed a faint hum from the headset and at the same time my friend's body stiffened slightly as if she was resisting the penetration of an external force. 

"Relax, don't fight it, it won't hurt if you don't resist." 

Van's body went limp as if under command and for a minute the room was peaceful again, the only noise being the low buzz from the headset. 

"Open your mind and show us your dearest memories, your deepest desires, your greatest fantasy, the dream to end all dreams." 

Van smiled, obviously now enjoying what was happening. It was at that time that the blueness of the walls faded to be replaced by an image, almost like being in an IMAX cinema. 

Faint at first, the image grew stronger. It was a pastiche of Van's life, just as if the device was reading through her memories pulling out the good points and presenting them for all to see before moving quickly on. Image after image flashing up on the screen for a few seconds before being replaced by the next. 

Looking down at Van, now relaxed on the bean bag, I could see her expression change as each image appeared. Sometimes happy, other times sad. It was as if she was living the images once more, a chronological history of Van's life from young child onwards. OK, I thought this must be the bit about "dearest memories". 

Finally the kaleidoscope of images slowed to a stop leaving a single image on the screen. It was a birthday party. A large cake sat on a table decorated with 18 candles and a large banner saying "Happy Birthday Vanessa". 

Then, just as if somebody had pressed play on a video recorder, the image came to life. A young Van, dressed in a pale blue dress but obviously recognisable by the blonde hair, albeit longer than she had it now, approached the cake and blew out the candles. Eyes closed she was obviously making a wish. 

The image jumped forward and I could see the young Van sneaking upstairs with a dark haired youth in tow. He was taller than Van and looked a year or two older but I couldn't recognise who he was. They entered a bedroom, which I assumed had to be Van's and the next image was of the two of them lying on the bed, arms around each other, kissing deeply. It was at this point that I noticed the real Van moving on the beanbag as if acting out the image on the screen. 

I turned back to the screen just in time to see his hands wandering down to the hem of her dress. Still locked in a deep kiss he slowly peeled the dress up Van's legs revealing more and more flesh until it came to rest just above a pair of pale yellow knickers. She hadn't resisted at all, concentrating on the tingling kiss. It was only when he placed his hand over her pussy mound that she broke away from the kiss as if to protest that he had gone too far. Yet instead of protesting she smiled and proceeded to take off her knickers, revealing a young pussy covered in a light brown bush of hair. 

I saw her whisper something and the youth quickly took off his trousers and laid back on the bed. Van sat up, leant over and slowly released his cock from his underwear, the already erect member springing up in front of her. Holding it in one hand she squeezed it gently and then started to move her hand up and down the length. Van spun round on the bed so that she was facing the cock and slowly took it in her mouth, a little at first then a bit more at a time. Concentrating on the job in hand, Van was bobbing up and down on the cock much to the delight of the youth on the bed. 

He had moved his hands and once again moved Van's dress up and over her hips. Pulling on one of her legs he encouraged her to move over his upper torso into a 69 position, her head still bobbing up and down on his cock whilst at the same time her pussy was now inches from his face. Moving his head upwards he started to lick up and down her slit, causing the young Van to stop what she was doing as she felt the tingle of electricity coming from his tongue as he lapped his way over the millions of nerve endings covering her pussy and clit. She sat back a little, forcing her pussy into his face and giving his tongue easy access to her love canal. 

By now she had stopped sucking on his cock and was simply enjoying the experience of being tongued. Gasping as he forced his tongue as deep as it would go, eventually hitting the barrier of her hymen, she started to quiver on top of him as the pleasure built. Waves of electricity pulsed through her body, each one a little stronger until suddenly the big one hit. He body bucked and at the same time a small scream emanated from both the screen and the real life Van, as if the two were linked. 

She pulled her pussy away from his mouth, climbed off and rested for a minute, to gather her composure, before repositioning herself now kneeling between his outstretched legs. 

A quick glance upwards, a naughty smile and a flutter of the eyelashes catching his attention before Van once again plunged herself down on his cock. Down and down she went as the head and shaft disappeared into her mouth, stopping only when the head hit the back of her throat. I watched as slowly Van withdrew, not quite all the way but enough for the head to become visible and then plunged down once more, repeating the motion time after time. Still bobbing up and down, Van used her hand at the same time to cup his balls, gently squeezing in time with her mouth. It was obviously working as the youth was now grasping hold of the covers, his breath ragged as he neared his climax. 

Van continued, seemingly unconcerned about getting a mouthful of cum or maybe unaware of what was about to happen. He moaned, a short sharp moan every time Van ran her lips over his head, the moan getting louder with each repetition. Finally, with his head just within Van's lips he tensed, the cock quivered and he shot his load deep into Van's mouth. Not expecting this sudden gush of salty cum Van gagged, releasing his cock and dribbling most of the load back over him. 

It was at this point that the image faded out of focus and the screen went back to flashing through a montage of Van's memories. Faster and faster it flew through images of Van as a teenager before slowing again coming to rest on an image of Van, now dressed in ball gown and heels, hand in hand with the same youth, standing outside a hotel room door. In her other hand was a bottle of Champagne, cork out and, by the angle she was holding it, most likely half empty. Again the image sprung to life. 

The room was filled with drunken giggling, both from the screen and from the real life Van. This just went to confirm my thought that the bottle was half empty, or maybe more. Definitely the two were a little tipsy and they fumbled with the key card to open the hotel room door. Door open, Van grabbed hold of his tie and went inside, dragging the youth behind her. Letting go, she slipped off her heels and removed the ball gown, letting it drop into a heap on the floor. Here she stood, beautiful as ever, dressed in matching black lace knickers and strapless bra. Van turned around and smiled. 

"Like what you see?" she exclaimed. 

There wasn't an immediate reply as he choose to answer with a kiss, a deep lingering kiss, rather than words. Holding her tight into him he continued to kiss whilst at the same time reached around and undid the back of her bra. I noticed Van didn't try to resist. Finally he let go and took a step away. Van stood there, her large breasts now free as the bra fell to the floor. Rather than trying to cover up, Van went one step further and seductively removed her knickers, exposing that light brown bush again. She winked, reached up, gave him a peck on the lips and then in a flash had jumped on the hotel room bed. 

He must have understood as the images jumped again. The next shot was of the two of them nude, snuggling on the bed. Van was lying on her back and the lad on his side, one arm under her shoulders and the other across her stomach, his hand deep between her legs. By the expression on her face I could tell she was already aroused. He withdrew his hand, fingers gleaming with her juices. Sucking them clean he smiled at her. 

"You sure you want this?" he whispered. 

Van didn't answer. Instead she spread her legs wider and at the same time encouraged the lad on top. He rolled over, resting up on his elbows, his legs and erect cock now nestled between her hips. 

Again he asked "You sure?" but the only reply was a kiss. 

With one hand he positioned the head of his cock at Van's moist pussy entrance and slowly pushed. She gasped as her pussy lips spread open for the first time. Slowly, slowly he pushed the head in until hitting the barrier of her unbroken hymen. 

"Please, wait, let me get used to it" came Van's voice. 

With slight movements of his hips he worked the tip of his cock in and out of her pussy entrance. Only a centimetre or so at a time but enough to make her relax as she got used to the feelings down below. 

"Just say when," he replied, smiling down at her. 

He continued to slowly move in and out, each time pushing just a little harder at her hymen before withdrawing. Even this slight movement was turning her on as Van's breathing was becoming a little deeper than normal. She wrapped her hands around the cheeks of his arse, feeling them moving forward and back. Suddenly, and without warning, she pulled hard on his cheeks forcing him close to her and impaling his cock through her hymen and deep into her pussy. A small scream from both Van's as the pain of her cherry popping hit her. She held him still, his cock warm inside and her pussy now feeling stretched to the limit. 

Van smiled. "There, you've made a woman of me. Now take it slowly." 

Letting go of his bottom Van laid back, her eyes closed, waiting. Slowly he returned to moving in and out, short movements at first becoming longer. From Van's expression and moans it seemed that the initial pain was soon changing to pleasure. After a few minutes of his sliding in and out Van was gasping for breath, her body quivering as she came on the end of his cock. 

Still he continued though, now pumping in and out with short sharp thrusts. Van was holding on tightly, arms around his shoulders and heels locked around the back of his knees. Having cum already every stroke of his cock was sending shockwaves through her body. His movements became stronger until, with one final deep thrust he came inside filling her no longer virgin pussy with cum. 

The image faded with the two of them lock in an embrace, his cock still deep in her pussy. I looked down at the real Van and became aware that she had cum herself for a second time in such a short period. I couldn't see her eyes but knew from her expression that she had cum harder this time. She was also breathing deeply, taking more time to recover this time than before. 

With Van still not recovered fully, the images returned to flicking through a montage of her life. Flicking through her early university days until coming to a stop on an image I recognised. It was the changing room from earlier in the day and here was Van, devoid of knickers about to climb onto yet another cock. I gasped though when the image moved away from Van and over to the ajar door. This time looking from inside the changing room to the outside I could clearly see myself peering in through the door. "Oh shit," I thought to myself, Van knew I was there all along. The image returned to Van lowering herself onto his cock, just enough for the head to stretch her pussy lips open before he pulled her down on his shaft. 
