 What a gorgeous summer night it was! I lowered myself onto the lounge chair on the deck behind my house, concentrating on my vodka rocks that I was trying not to spill. Even though it was close to 1:00 AM the air was still warm. I leaned back to enjoy some quiet late night time, enhanced by a few drinks.

No sooner had I settled in than I started to hear voices and laughter from the deck of my next door neighbor. With the night so still, I could hear much of the conversation. It sounded like two women and it soon became clear that they had been drinking for quite a while.

OK, that made sense now. I remembered Becky's husband saying that he was going on an overnight camping trip with the kids so yeah, why not have a little "girl's night in" party at home? Looking in the direction of the voices my view was limited by a short section of privacy fence. Through the narrow spaces between the slats I could see figures moving, illuminated by a soft porch light that cast long, muted shadows out across the lawn.

Suddenly a head popped up over the top of the fence, looking in my direction before dropping back down as quickly as it had appeared. Much giggling could be heard, followed by a much quieter voice saying something about a guy on his deck next door. I could tell they were trying to speak softly since they were now aware of their audience. It was not long though before their drunk outside voices overcame their momentary shyness.

Suddenly, the same head popped up over the fence again but this time it said, "Hey neighbor dude, why don't you come over and join us?"

Without hesitation I sat my drink down and got up out of my chair. 

The head dropped back down and I heard a voice shout with a whisper, "Oh my god! He's actually coming over!" 

I strolled into the neighbor's yard and stepped past the privacy fence and into the light. 

At once the girl next to the fence exclaimed, "Shit! I know you! Where do I know you from?"

"I am truly offended, Lisa!" I replied with mock indignation. "Do you mean to tell me you don't recognize your good Facebook friend?" 

I knew EXACTLY who she was. I had sent her a friend request about a year ago because I was a long time casual friend of her husband. Yeah, the one she divorced a few months ago. I admit I was something of a secret admirer. One of her hobbies was pole dancing, and she was very good at it. 

Although she was petite and probably not over five feet tall, she had a commanding presence. Her body was muscular and hard and she exuded confidence. Shoulder length blond curly hair framed a sweet, quirky face and appeared almost platinum against her deep tan. Having grown up in a family of boys, she was in many ways a tom boy but at the same time liked to primp and was very conscious of her appearance.

I grew to know her through her daily Facebook posts. Every weekend there would be pictures from the latest girls night out that would find her dancing on a table or hitting on the bartender. She made no attempt to hide the fact that she was a girl who liked to have fun and didn't care what anyone thought. I had to admire that.

"Oh yeah, my Facebook friend," she remembered. "My friend Becky and I were just saying how much we liked to have our boobs massaged and sucked." 

There was a moment of silence. Her impish smile told me I was the butt of a gag that was designed to freak me out and send me running. 

Without hesitation I replied, "Well I'm your man. Get your shirt off!" 

For the first time I saw that she was taken completely off guard. She had not expected that reply.

Becky squealed and put her hand over her mouth. Becky was my next door neighbor who I really didn't know that well. She would return a wave but that was about it. I always thought she was cute though. She was also petite, very tan, and had short, jet black hair. She was a good friend of Lisa's because she lived vicariously through her outrageous antics. She was married with kids but loved the feeling of freedom she had with Lisa.

Lisa had a deflated look that her gag had failed, but she also had a bad girl reputation to uphold, especially with Becky watching. "Well OK then," she said as she unbuttoned her blouse. She pulled her shirt open to expose her petite breasts that she felt no need to wear a bra for. Her nipples were pink and tiny, almost boyish, but her breasts were nicely shaped and unmistakably feminine. 

Becky shouted out, "I can't fucking believe you just did that!" 

Lisa looked at me and asked as if on a dare, "Well, are you going to suck on them or what?"

I dropped down to my knees next to her chair and leaned toward her, drinking in the image of her gorgeous body. She laid back on the deck lounger with her arms to her side. The only thing now covering her was her ragged denim cut-offs which were so short she was nearly naked. I placed my open hand lightly on her tummy, feeling the texture and definition of her muscular abs. I could sense them tense a bit under my touch as I moved slowly upward. 

She was looking at Becky, smiling and making funny faces, trying to keep it light and prove that she was in control and completely unaffected by what I was doing. I arrived at her left breast, moving my hand over it, massaging it's firmness while using my finger to lightly circle her nipple. It became hard and erect under my touch. It was becoming more difficult for Lisa to maintain her casual facade as she became increasingly aroused.

I bent over and kissed the side of her breast, then put my mouth over her nipple. I sucked on it as I playfully flicked my tongue over it before taking it between my teeth to bite it gently. 

By now her breathing had intensified and her back arched a bit as she muttered softly under her breath, "Oh shit!" 

I had to admit I was getting as turned on as she was. As I continued to lick and suck on her breast, I placed my hand on her tummy once again, but this time I slowly moved downward. 

As my fingers reached the top of her cut-offs, her hand quickly came down on mine as she exclaimed breathlessly, "Whoa there big guy, I don't think that was part of the deal!" 

I momentarily stopped my hand from going any further. The sensation of her tiny hand on mine turned me on even more, and I think it was doing the same for her. In a gesture of asking again, I starting moving slowly downward once more. She kept her hand on mine, not to stop me this time, but to feel a more intimate connection with what might happen next.

I fanned out my fingers and turned my hand, sliding my fingers under the waistband of her cut-offs. It was tight around her waist and prevented much movement under it. I retreated a bit as my mouth moved from her breast, placing soft kisses on her upper chest and finally on her neck. I turned my hand to face hers and threaded my fingers through hers. We gripped each other's hand tightly as her face turned to mine.

I brought my mouth onto hers while her tongue forcefully and eagerly entwined with mine. She had finally let go of any reservations as I reached down to grab the top of her cut-offs in my clenched fist, pulling at them hard enough to almost lift her ass off the chair in a gesture to show that I was in control. I yanked at the button then pulled down the zipper as her legs fell open in anticipation.

I slid my middle finger through her smooth hairless lips, into the wetness and deep inside her. I then brought my hand back out, dragging my wet finger over her clit before moving back down to enter her once more, creating a rhythm that she started to follow with her hips. Her mouth came away from mine so she could catch her breath.

Becky sat motionless staring with her mouth open, and I could hear her exclaim quietly, "Oh. My. God!" 

As Lisa's breathing and soft moans continued to rise, I could tell she was getting close. I nibbled a bit harder and began massaging her other breast firmly then took her nipple between my thumb and forefinger and pinched it while tugging on it. That was all it took. Her whole body started to convulse and jerk as she started to orgasm, her thighs squeezed tightly together on my hand while letting out high pitched cries of pleasure.

"Holy fucking shit!" She screamed, her voice shaking as she collapsed back onto her lounger. "I have to admit Facebook friend, you are pretty good at that."

"I can't EVEN believe what I just saw here!" Becky said. "I have to admit I got really turned on watching that!"

"Well Becky, you can have a turn too if you want," I offered playfully. 

Her face turned red and she said, "No no no! I really couldn't. Besides," she said as she looked over at Lisa to see if she was looking at the same thing, "it looks like YOU are the one that needs a turn!" 

I knew I was hard the whole time, but it wasn't until I looked down that I realized how obvious it was. I had created a good sized tent inside my shorts. 

Smiling, Lisa exclaimed, "Why Becky, you are right! I think one good turn deserves another!" Lisa started to tug at my belt as I laid back in anticipation of whatever she had planned. 

Becky pulled her chair closer and squealed, "This I want to get a good seat for!"

Lisa got my shorts undone and had no sooner pulled the zipper down than my hard cock sprang out, pointing upwards. They laughed at the comical sight but neither could take their eyes off of it. Lisa wasted no time, wrapping her fingers around the shaft then started to slowly move up and down, squeezing a bit at the top in a wringing motion. The sensation along with the sight of her still naked body was driving me crazy. 

Lisa smiled at Becky and said with a playful tone, "Beeecky, why don't you help me out a bit here?" 

Becky blushed again but said, "I really can't believe I am going to do this!" 

She reached out tentatively like a shy school girl and put her hand around my dick. Becky quickly lost her shyness and started churning up and down the shaft with great zeal. At the same time Lisa used her immense talent to work the head of my cock, taking her fingertips and nails to lightly tease my most sensitive places, while her other hand stroked my balls with the very lightest touch. They tingled from the sensation as they hugged my body tightly. The two of them together were almost too much. 

Becky was getting so turned on that she finally blurted out, "Lisa! You need to fuck him! I want to watch you fuck him!" 

Nothing was off limits to Lisa at this point. She stood up and let her "fuck me" shorts fall to the ground. She threw one leg over my lounger so that she was straddled over my hips. With her torso held upright, she slowly lowered her upper body with great strength, discipline and grace. At this point she was not only a lover, but a performer. 

Tonight would be a whole new kind of pole dancing!

She was smiling at me as she stood poised above me. Her arms were extended in a dancer's pose. Her thighs were parallel to the ground. She was a piece of living art. The muscles in her legs rippled with chiseled definition. The lips of her pussy were spread apart and ready.

With a wry smile she contracted her vaginal muscles and abs at the same time, then released them just before contracting them once more, creating a rhythm. It was an incredible sight. The lips of her pussy would pucker tightly together as her entire abdominal area would become ripped with definition. 

As she relaxed, her tummy would soften as her lips would open wide. A single drop of her wetness dripped out and onto me with her last contraction. She started laughing at the utterly enthralled look on my face.

She then started to slowly descend as I held my shaft at the base to guide it. When she felt the head of my cock, she moved her hips forward and back just to tease it a bit. Then without hesitation, she lowered herself further until I felt her warmth and tightness around me. She then relaxed to where I was now supporting her weight and I was deep inside her. 

She moaned with pleasure as I answered her, moving my hips upward to enter her as far as I could. Becky moved in close so that she could get a good view of me actually moving in and out of her friend.

"Holy shit! This is amazing!" She laughed as she watched us fuck. Lisa's pussy was so talented, I could have sworn it had fingers. With each stroke I was building to a breaking point. 

They both could see it coming and Becky shouted, "Get off of him! I want to see him cum!" 

Lisa lifted herself off of me and stood on her knees next to me. She grabbed my cock and started jerking with a feverish pace. They were both leaning in as I could feel my groin tingle, the pressure building. I groaned as my dick erupted, shooting two steams of jizz in the air like a geyser before watching pulse after pulse of cum ooze out of my cock, running down the head, then over Lisa's fingers and finally into a large pool forming in my pubes.

"Holy fucking fuck that was awesome!" Becky shouted. Lisa laughed and as soon as she was sure I was watching, brought her hand to her mouth and licked my jizz off of her fingers and swallowed it.

As soon as I could pull myself together, I stood and thanked them both for the most incredible night ever. I kissed them both, yes even Becky. We were more than "waving friends" from that moment on and Lisa? Well, Lisa now knew EXACTLY who I was.