 You will enjoy this story much more if you read the first two chapters first. Thanks! 

**********************************

"I have no idea why I always look through the designer vodkas every time I am here when I know I'm just going to buy my usual brand." I thought to myself half out loud. 

While lost in a sea of fancy bottles, I felt a soft tap on my shoulder and turned to see a sweet, perky smile.

"Becky! Wow, it's great to see you!" I exclaimed as I gave her a big hug. "You've been letting your hair grow. I like it. Very sexy!"

"Aw thanks, it's good to see you too!" She said in a cheerful voice. "Yeah, I was just in the mood for a change I guess."

Her shoulder length raven black hair framed her face beautifully, and with her deep tan and engaging smile, you just wanted to eat her up.

"So tell me, what brings you to this sordid place," I joked.

"I was just here to pick up a bottle of tequila before going over to Lisa's house to watch a movie. In fact," she continued with a devious twinkle in her eye, "I think you should come on over and we can make a party of it!"

"Well, I would hate to put a damper on movie night," I teased with a smile.

"Are you kidding?" Becky replied. "Just yesterday Lisa was talking about you and how we should all get together again."

"Well OK then, you can stop twisting my arm!" I kidded. "I'm in!"

"Yay!" Becky exclaimed, clapping her hands and bouncing up and down. "Let's get checked out of this place and you can follow me over."

I followed Becky until she stopped in front of a small story and a half house in a quiet neighborhood where Lisa lived by herself. It was dark and there was a warm glow of light in the windows. We walked to the side door where Becky gave a soft knock before opening it.

As she walked in I could hear Lisa ask, "Hi Becky, did you remember the movie?"

As I followed through the door, Lisa leapt to her feet and shouted, "Holy fuck!" as she ran up to me and jumped in my arms, wrapping her legs around me. "I can't believe you're here!"

"Wow," I exclaimed as she gave me a big kiss on the cheek. "You sure know how to make a guy feel welcome!"

"So where did you find this loser anyway, Becky?" Lisa kidded.

"I ran into him at the liquor store and figured he needed rescuing." Becky joked.

"Well, I'm just glad she got your ass over here!" Lisa continued, "Anyway, come on in you guys, and make yourself at home!"

I looked into Lisa's house as I walked through her kitchen and into her living room. One half was a cozy area with a love seat and a couple of chairs, and the other half was dedicated to training for her passion of pole dancing, including a large all-in-one exercise machine.

"So Lisa, this is where you make your YouTube videos?" I asked as I looked around the room. "I have to admit I watch them all the time."

"So tell me big guy," Lisa asked with a bit of attitude, "is it difficult navigating my videos using just one hand?"

I was on to her and replied, "No, but I do need to remember to keep my other hand off the keyboard. The lotion can really make a mess of things."

Lisa laughed as we all sat down to talk.

I started in, "OK, I am curious. After our last get together, have you and Becky....well, you know, been together again?"

"Funny you should ask." Becky joined in. "So happens that's mostly what "movie night" is all about." She laughed and said, "Sometimes we don't see any of the movie!"

"Wow," I exclaimed under my breath, I'm getting a bit of a chubby just picturing you two getting it on! Hey Lisa," I continued, "speaking of sexy stuff, I just heard you got a pole dancing job at that new club downtown. How is that going?"

"Oh man, I love it!" Lisa exclaimed, her eyes lighting up. "I'm up there on stage doing all these sexy moves and as I look out into the audience I see all of these guys with their eyes glued to me, and I know damn well what they're thinking about. It's just such a fucking turn on!"

Becky chimed in smiling, "Yeah, and all the time Lisa is thinking gee, I sure wish it was movie night!"

Lisa laughed and gave Becky a playful punch in the arm.

"Sooo," Lisa said looking at me seductively, "would you like me to do a private show, just for you?"

"Holy shit Lisa!" I said mesmerized. "You know the answer to that!"

"I'll tell you what," she teased, "I will do it for you naked, if you will do what you do while watching my videos."

"That's a no brainer," I said with a smile.

"Oh my god!" Becky exclaimed. "I have always wanted to watch a guy play with himself! I think that is so hot!"

Lisa walked over to the pole and turned around, her demeanor changing to that of performer. She gracefully brought her hands down to unfasten and unzip her jeans. Hooking her thumbs in her skin tight waist, she tugged them down, shifting her tiny hips back and forth to help them off.

She kicked them aside and stood up, showing off a tiny pink thong, then quickly pulled her T-shirt over her head, exposing her small but perfectly round, firm, sexy breasts. Her long curly blond hair fell down onto her brown, bare shoulders.

With one final seductive motion, she shed her thong, leaving her naked body on display.

Becky was sitting next to me on the love seat and I could feel her eyes on me as I undid my pants and pulled them off, exposing my cock that was already hard.

Lisa smiled as she turned to the pole, and with a single graceful movement, leapt to the top and immediately began to descend. Her hands squeaked as she gripped the pole tightly, her body spiraling around before stopping midway. She proceeded through her performance and then with great strength and control, extended her body, legs together, straight outward parallel to the floor.

The muscles in her tiny, hard body rippled with definition, and her skin began to glisten with perspiration.

Her body, now slick and shiny, rotated around the pole as she spread her legs open wide, showing off her smooth pussy, the lips stretched wide open.

Becky was watching me intently as I stroked my shaft to the incredible sight of Lisa's performance.

"So, is your arm getting tired yet?" Becky asked coyly. 

"It sure is!" I feigned breathlessly.

To my surprise, Becky wrapped her hand around the base of my cock before leaning over and letting a big spit wad fall from her mouth to run down the length of my shaft. With her hand she gathered up the lubrication and spread it around to cause a wonderful slick sensation.

"Oh my, Becky. That was so unlady like of you," I observed, "which is why it was so fucking hot!"

Becky smiled with pride as she continued to massage her spit into my throbbing dick.

Lisa spun around the pole once more as she finished her routine, dropping to the floor.

"Holy fuck, Lisa!" I exclaimed as coherently as I could under the circumstances. "Too bad YouTube won't let you post that one!"

"Why thank you so much," she announced in a formal voice before taking a large animated bow.

She dropped down in the chair just across from us with her legs spread wide open, not to reveal herself but because she was a tomboy that thought nothing of sitting like a guy. To me, that made the view all the hotter.

As Becky kept working my dick I offered a suggestion. "You know Lisa, guys like to watch chicks masturbate too."

"Well I have to admit, I'm in the mood to rub one out," Lisa said, "and nothing would get me going more than to watch you fuck Becky."

Becky turned quickly to Lisa and exclaimed, "Oh my god!"

"Whattaya say, Becky?" I teased, hoping to embarrass her. "Why don't you strip those jeans off and sit on my hard cock so I can fuck you senseless?

Becky was so horny by now she shimmied out of her jeans quickly and I could see a large wet spot on her panties as they fell to the floor.

She had a full bush that was trimmed very short, with jet black pubes curled tightly against her dark tan skin.

Facing me, she straddled my hips, standing on her knees. With my one hand on her smooth tight ass, she lowered herself as I guided my cock inside her warm, tight pussy.

She moaned and her breathing stuttered as I slowly yet anxiously thrust myself deep inside her.

I impatiently grabbed her T-shirt and pulled it up and off as the neckline picked up her thick black hair and dropped it across her face in disarray.

She wasn't wearing a bra and her tiny jutting breasts twitched up and down with my thrusts and her large puffy nipples grew increasingly larger.

I looked over Becky's shoulder to watch Lisa touching herself. With one hand she was guiding two fingers down though her wetness before entering herself as deeply as she could, tugging and massaging her G-spot. Her other hand was squeezing and kneading her left breast while her thumb and forefinger pinched her tiny pink nipple. Her eyes were locked onto Becky's ass as if in a trance, her mouth hanging open. I could see Lisa's breathing intensify and her muscles tighten as she became increasingly aroused.

It was time to give Lisa some added visual stimulation. I dropped my hand down behind Becky to get some juices onto my middle finger. With both hands I pulled Becky's cheeks apart, giving Lisa the full view. I placed the tip of my finger onto her tiny puckered asshole and rubbed over it gently.

"What are you doing?" Becky gasped.

"It's OK babe," I assured her. "I'll take it slow. Just relax."

As I continued to fuck her at a slow and easy pace, I slowly pushed my finger in to the first joint before moving it in and out just that far.

"Oh god, that hurts a little but it really feels good too!" Becky exclaimed. "Do it some more!"

I smiled as I continued to work my finger deeper until it was all the way in, before fucking her asshole with long rhythmic strokes. 

There is a fine line between pleasure and pain and Becky was discovering a whole new appreciation of what sex could be. She whined and moaned as she completely surrendered herself to the intense sensations washing over her.

"Oh yeah! Finger fuck that sweet little ass!" Lisa laughed as she watched her friend get some double penetration.

This was getting to be too much for us both as Becky sensed that I was close to losing control.

"You can cum inside me if you want." Becky said softly in my ear.

There was something about her giving me permission to let go that made it impossible to hold back any longer.

Becky was approaching orgasm right along with me, each of us feeding on the other's growing intensity until my hips spasmed, driving my cock deep as I pumped my load inside her contracting walls. She screamed as her body convulsed, my finger still deep inside her ass. Her knees hugged my hips tightly as she came hard, her arms wrapped firmly around my neck and her face pressed against mine.

As our orgasms subsided and the tension left out bodies, I gently wrapped my arms around her as she laid against me, completely spent. We laughed together at what an incredible experience we had just had. I gave her a warm kiss before she collapsed onto the couch next to me.

Lisa was still slowly rubbing herself as she commented, "Wow, was that fun or what? I have to admit I am jealous!" And then added, "I think I know just what would get me off big time. Fingers are fun, but I want big cock in my ass!"

"Holy shit, Lisa!" I exclaimed. "There is nothing more I would love than to violate that hot little ass of yours, but I'm going to need some time to recycle."

"Oh, you think so, do you?" Lisa smiled as she got on all fours and crawled over to me.

She took my wet, half soft dick in her tiny hand and placed the head on her tongue. As she looked up at me she moved her hand out to the end, squeezing the last few drops of jizz into her mouth and swallowed it.

She closed her lips around just the head and then used the tip of her tongue to firmly massage the underside. That most sensitive of all places sent waves of intense stimulation through my body like an electrical shock. It was so overwhelming that my first instinct was to pull away, but I forced myself to hold still as I felt my cock quickly harden once again.

"Fuck, Lisa!" I groaned. "Where did you learn to do that?!"

As Lisa removed the head of my cock from her mouth to massage my now throbbing dick with her hand she said smiling, "And you didn't think you were ready to go again yet."

"Now that I have your attention," she continued, "how about you fuck me in the ass with this thing."

With that she stood up, turned around and bent over to grab the chair, placing her feet wide apart. My cock ached with anticipation at the thought of entering this tight, most forbidden place.

"Wow, wow, wow..." Becky exclaimed as she scooted in to get a good view.

I let a large, thick wad of spit fall onto her butt crack before using my thumb to rub it over the puckered opening. I placed the head of my dick against her asshole and moved my hips forward, putting pressure on the unyielding opening. She countered my efforts by moving back until my shaft started to enter her ever so slowly.

Lisa moaned and whimpered as I continued feeding my shaft in deeper, stopping momentarily to occasionally fuck her with short strokes before moving farther in.

My dick had almost disappeared into her ass when I asked, "Are you OK babe?"

"I'm more than OK," she replied, her voice tense. "Now fuck me. Fuck me like you mean it!"

Lisa took one hand and started stroking her pussy while I grabbed her hips, reaming her ass with long purposeful strokes, increasing in speed and forcefulness.

Lisa would let out a staccato scream each time my hips would slap against her ass. A sound somewhere between pleasure and pain.

As she rubbed her pussy furiously she screamed out, "I'm coming, oh fuck I'm coming!!"

Her back rose and it appeared every muscle in her body contracted while her legs almost buckled under her as her orgasm pulsed through her.

As she let out small grunting sounds while the contractions began to dissipate, I pulled my cock out slowly. Her asshole was stretched wide open and I could see deep inside her. With my eyes locked onto this incredible sight I stroked myself frantically and within seconds my groin was hot with the pressure that was building until wads of jizz shot out and into her gaping hole 

As the last of my load oozed out, I watched as my thick pearl cum ran slowly down the smooth pink walls.

I dropped to my knees and buried my face in her ass as I slid my tongue in as deeply as I could, gathering up my cum while working the sides, licking every surface.

"Oh yes, damn you!" Lisa moaned. "Holy shit!"

I finally removed my tongue, gave her asshole a playful kiss with a big "smack" before falling back on the floor against the chair.

Becky exclaimed, "I thought I had seen everything by now but that was the kinkiest fucking shit...I...I'm speechless!!

Lisa laughed and exclaimed, "I don't think I'll be able to sit for a week! But it was so worth it!"