 That afternoon, Ron found himself doing his first bit of what he thought of as proper work. Ibrahim and the chaps had decided to go to Knightsbridge to shop. They spent a large sum of money in Harrods and in some of the designer clothing shops on the Brompton Road. With their abundance of shopping bags, and the expensive and highly visible watches they all seemed to delight in wearing, the group had stuck out like a sore thumb. Ron had constantly been listening and looking out for mopeds, which young Londoners routinely used to steal people's possessions before making a quick getaway through the traffic, but when two moped riders attempted to strike, he was taken by surprise. They came out of a side street. Faisal was walking along looking at his smart phone, despite the fact that Ron had specifically warned all of them against doing this. One of the moped riders grabbed the phone. Ron had had to jerk his body sideways to grab the rider and pull him off the moped. He got a grip of him with his left hand, he put his right hand between the rider's legs and squeezed his testicles as hard as he possibly could. Ron was a large, strong man. The moped rider went to the floor and was in so much pain that he couldn't move or speak. Ron was able to retrieve the phone and Faisal thanked him. The other moped rider decided not to intervene. Ron ushered the group onwards, back towards where the minibus was parked.

At the house, the Arab men looked through what they had bought. Yousef had picked up a pair of bright yellow Italian designer jogging bottoms. He was almost sixty. Ron didn't think the bottoms suited him very well. Mo had bought a shiny t-shirt with the Rolling Stones lips logo on. He tried it on. The t-shirt was very tight on Mo's slightly rotund body. Ron suspected that it was designed to be worn by a woman of a much slighter build. 

Ibrahim was on his phone. Ron could not hear everything he said, but he seemed to be arranging another party, and Ron felt his pulse quicken. He wanted to watch the women having sex again. The night before had been mesmerising, even though he'd just been an observer. He wanted to see Katie again. All day he'd been hoping she would phone. It made him feel like a teenager. When they'd been shopping, he'd kept getting his phone out of his pocket to see if she'd called and he'd missed it.

At half past seven they went to Kensington High Street to eat in a seafood restaurant. Ron was again invited to dine with the Arab men and enjoyed another wonderful meal. After consulting with Yousef, Ibrahim counted out £200 for the tip. Some of the party were slightly drunk as they left. Ron kept a keen eye out for any potential muggers or pick pockets. He successfully shepherded them to the minibus.

Back in the square, Ron noticed that a large four-by-four vehicle had taken his parking space outside the house, he had to park on the other side of the square. When they walked back over, he saw that Toby, his old platoon commander, and now his boss, was in the four-by-four. Toby got out and greeted the party jovially. 

'Good evening gentleman! I trust you're enjoying London, and that Ron is looking after you well,' he said. Yousef, Ibrahim and a few of the others had obviously met Toby previously.

'We are enjoying very much' said Ibrahim. 'Ronald is very, very good,' said.

'Splendid, splendid,' said Toby. Ibrahim introduced Toby to all the other members of the party as they went into the house. Toby gave mock salutes to them as greeting. Inside, some of the Arab men at first started to arrange the furniture as they had the night before, but Yousef spoke to them in Arabic and they stopped what they were doing. The Arabs all left the room, Ron could hear some of them going up the stairs.

'Might be best if you take tonight off old son. You can come back in the morning. They like you; you know. They told Millie on the phone, they're very impressed,' said Toby. Ron didn't want to miss a party. He wondered if he had done something wrong the night before.

'I don't mind staying on,' he said. 'I was here last night, and they had their fun and games.'

'Last night was women though, if I'm not wrong,' said Toby. Tonight's boys' night. Didn't think it'd be your cup of tea. I seem to remember that you weren't too impressed with that sort of stuff, in the old days.'

'Right. Fair enough,' said Ron. 'When you say boys though...'

'-Ibrahim and Youssef have assured me that the age of consent will be absolutely respected,' said Toby. 

'What time do they need me back tomorrow?' he asked.

'eleven.' said Toby. 'You're all off to the races.'

'Great,' said Ron. He went to leave the room but stopped suddenly.

'Boss?' he said. He'd always called Toby boss back when they were soldiers.

'Yes,' said Toby.

'I've been offered an appointment with the Veterans Team, mental health guys, Friday,' said Ron.

'Well that's really good news,' said Toby.

'I don't know if I'm going to go,' said Ron.

'Go,' said Toby. 'Friday? What time?'

'Two in the afternoon, in New Cross,' said Ron.

'You go. I'll still pay you. You remember Penfold?' Asked Toby.

'Yes,' said Ron. Penfold was the nickname of a man who had been in their unit. Penfold had been a hard case. 

'Penfold saw that team, in Haringey. It helped him a lot,' said Toby.

'Alright, I'll go to it,' said Ron.

'Good,' said Toby.

***

Ibrahim had given Ron a bottle of the blue label whiskey. He hadn't wanted to accept it, but Ibrahim insisted. He planned a night in, watching Netflix, eating a takeaway and drinking the whiskey. He was on his way to a Jamaican restaurant on the Walworth Road when his phone went off. He didn't hear it ringing, but felt the phone vibrate in his pocket. Unknown number. 

'Hello,' said Ron.

'Ron. Katie,' said Katie.

'Hi Katie,' said Ron. 

'Ron. How would you like to come and work with us?' Said Katie. 

She hadn't taken his number because she was attracted to him. She didn't want to have sex with him, she wanted him to work for her. Ron felt embarrassed.

'I'm not sure if Yousef and the chaps fancy me all that much, Katie,' said Ron, before he remembered what they were up to that evening, and it occurred to him that maybe they did. 

'Ha ha, no. I need a security guy that I can rely on. It's easy to get people who can look after themselves, but I need someone who I know will turn up and be in the right place at the right time,' said Katie.

'I've already got a job at the moment, I'm afraid,' said Ron.

'I know. I know Toby. I've had a chat with him. You could work with us around that job... I wouldn't need you that much. The girls have all got pepper sprays, and a lot of the clients, they're lovely but they're not always spring chickens, and they're not in the best shape. Every now and again I need someone with them, though. Like last night, I've got a guy who's a kickboxer, and I wanted him to be there, and he said he would be but didn't turn up, and I've had enough of him. We were lucky you were about,' said Katie. Ron wondered how she knew Toby.

'Ok... What would the money be like?' Ron was going to take the job. He wanted to watch Emma having anal sex again.

'I'd match what Toby's paying you, but it will be cash in hand. It's kind of a cash business, ha-ha,' said Katie.

'Ok then, You're on,' said Ron.

'Brilliant. How are you fixed for tonight?' Said Katie.

***

Ron had told her that he'd get there as quickly as he could. He was picking Helena up from Stepney. He had to go over Waterloo Bridge and the traffic was heavy. It took him a long while to get to the East End. Katie lived in an upstairs flat in a converted terraced house. It was a nice-looking street. He texted Katie to say that he was there. She texted back for him to come in. Ron was confused. Katie opened the door for him and read his expression.

'This is my place. Helena stayed here last night,' she said. 'She'll be down now; she's just getting ready. Glad to have you aboard by the way.' She smiled at Ron. He thought she looked pretty when she smiled, he was very attracted to Katie.

'Thank you,' said Ron. He followed her inside. Katie had a great flat. It was big, had lots of space and it was stylishly furnished. Ron wondered how much money she was making with the girls. Katie called up the stairs to tell Helena Ron was waiting. She'd just invited him to sit down in the lounge when he heard Helena on the stairs. Helena came down. She was wearing pin-striped black suit trousers and low-cut black top. The outfit suited her and showed off her figure. Ron thought she looked ravishing.

'Right, break a leg,' Katie said to Helena. She embraced Helena and kissed her on the mouth. Helena kissed her back but was conscious of Ron watching and seemed embarrassed.

'Come back here after, ok?' said Katie.

'Ok,' said Helena. Ron saw Katie squeeze Helena's rear as she turned to leave.

Helena sat in the back of Ron's car. She looked at her phone. Ron thought she was shy, it seemed to him that she was looking at her phone rather than have to talk to a stranger. He looked at her face in the mirror every now and then. She was naturally, incredibly pretty. Ron had to stop himself from staring.

Victoria lived in Pimlico, very close to the Thames. She lived on one side of a long, narrow square. The houses were similar to the ones in Kensington where the chaps were, but they were four-story here, instead of three, there. It looked like a lovely place to live, just as nice as where the chaps were staying. Victoria lived halfway along one side. He pressed the buzzer and announced himself.

Victoria came out quickly. She was wearing a green dress. Ron thought the colour of the dress looked good against her deep tan. He'd forgotten how big her breasts were. She smiled at him and got into the car. She hugged Helena and kissed her on the cheek. 

'You were at the place the other night, with the Arab guys,' said Victoria. Her accent was very upper class. She looked at Ron in his mirror. She was good looking, there was something about her, something about her eyes. 

'I was indeed,' said Ron.

'We earned our money there... This one made quite an impression,' said Victoria, gesturing at Helena. Helena smiled coyly. 'So, you're working for Katie now?'

'I'm going to be doing some work with you, yes,' said Ron.

'Well, glad to have you with us, old boy,' said Victoria. Did you have fun the other night?' Ron wasn't sure if she was talking to him. He saw in the mirror that she was looking at Helena.

'With the Arabs? Yeah, it was good. They were nice,' said Helena. She was softly spoken, Ron struggled to hear her over the noise from the engine and the traffic. She didn't sound as posh as the others. He thought she sounded bright, intelligent. He thought her voice was beautiful.

'Was that your first group booking?' said Victoria.

'Yes. That was only my third booking,' said Helena.

'Oh my God! Bless you! That was kind of in at the deep end, wasn't it? How many of them were there, eight, nine?' said Victoria.

'I don't know', said Helena.

'Did you do any anal?' asked Victoria.

'No, I don't do anal,' Helena replied.

'Oh, ok. I love it, but when you're being buggered like that for four hours it can get a bit much!' Said Victoria. 'Those guys were insatiable.'

'Does it hurt?' asked Helena. 

'Have you never done it?' Asked Victoria, surprised.

'No,' said Helena.

'Well then you should!' said Victoria. 'I tried it with a girlfriend, realised I liked it, and I've never looked back.' 

The flat they were working in was back in Kensington, not far from Earls Court. There was nowhere to park. Ron dropped Helena and Victoria off and went to find a space. It took him ten minutes to park and walk back there. Victoria let him in. They had time in hand because the traffic had been light. 

The flat was sparsely furnished. It didn't look lived in. Victoria took him down the hallway. Her heels made a loud noise on the laminate flooring. She opened what looked like the door to a broom cupboard, right at the end of the hallway. There was a narrow passageway, leading from the door into what looked like a tiny box room. A very large two-way mirror was mounted on the wall of the room. On the other side was the bedroom. A king size bed went across the middle of the room. The bed was made. A grey collapsing chair was in the box room, facing the mirror. There was no light in the little room except that coming through the mirror from the bedroom.

Victoria caught his arm lightly and gestured for him to follow her round a brick pillar to the left of the large mirror. There was another section to the room, and another, smaller two-way mirror. This one offered a view of the bedroom's en suite bathroom, in which Helena stood, topless, touching up her makeup. Ron couldn't help staring at Helena. 

'I am going to fuck the shit out of her,' whispered Victoria.

'Lucky you' said Ron, quietly.

They went back out and into the kitchen. Victoria poured a glass of water from the tap.

'Want some?' she asked.

'Yes please,' said Ron. She poured him a glass and handed it to him.

'Katie said that tonight is just to show you the ropes really, show you the place and the rooms where you can watch from. We're not expecting any problems. It's Laurence tonight. He's a sweetie. He's old and fat and if you didn't know better, you'd swear he was queer. I've known him for a few years, lovely guy, absolutely minted. Family owns the letter S or something,' said Victoria. 

'Is there a safe word, just in case?' asked Ron.

'There can be one if you'd like. Your choice,' said Victoria.

'Waterloo,' said Ron.

'Like the station?' said Victoria.

'Like the battle,' said Ron.

'Ok. I'll tell Helena,' said Victoria. She looked over her shoulder, as if to make sure Helena was not in earshot. 'I can't wait to shag her; I think she's gorgeous. Annabelle's in love with her! ...Have we got time for me to have a crack at her now?' Victoria took her phone out of her handbag and looked at the time. 'Shit, he'll be here in a couple of minutes, he'll be early.'

***

When the doorbell rang Ron hurried to the 'observation closet.' It took a couple of minutes for Victoria and Helena to greet Laurence before he came through to the bedroom. Helena led him in. Laurence was wearing a maroon and navy-blue striped tie, which meant that he had been a member of the same division in the British Army that Ron had served in. Ron assumed that Laurence had been an officer. He didn't recognise him. Laurence was indeed fat and old, and Ron didn't relish the prospect of seeing him naked and having sex. He thought of the money. Laurence kissed Helena on the lips, he seemed impressed with her. He held her and kissed her again. He took off his shoes before going into the bathroom. He pushed the door to behind him. Ron heard the shower coming on but declined to look through the other mirror at Laurence as he showered. Helena lay on the bed with her head propped in her left hand. 

Victoria entered the bedroom. She was carrying three glasses of what looked like wine. Two of the glasses were proper wine glasses but the other was a pint glass for beer. Victoria had a look on her face. There was a determination in her expression. Ron knew she was very attracted to Helena. She set the wine down carefully on a cabinet beside the bed, then kicked her shoes off and got on the bed. She caressed Helena's side, then leaned over and kissed her on the mouth. She put her tongue in Helena's mouth and kissed her aggressively. Helena kissed her back. Even from the other side of the mirror, Ron could feel the atmosphere in the bedroom changing, he could feel the chemistry between the two of them. Ron had seen Helena having sex with Anabelle. He had not been sure if she'd been acting. Now he was sure she wanted Victoria. She lay back flat on the bed, she threaded her leg under Victoria's body and hooked it around her waist, pulling her body towards Victoria's. They seemed to be kissing even deeper, their tongues right in each other's mouths. Both still fully clothed, they began to grind against each other, pelvis to pelvis, more and more violently as they kept kissing. Helena's arms were tightly around Victoria's neck. She was enjoying herself. 

Ron hardly noticed that Laurence had come out of the bathroom. He was naked. He stood and stared, watching the show, his small penis quickly becoming erect. Both Helena and Victoria breathed heavily, almost panting with the effort of dry humping each other. They kept going until Helena came. She took her mouth away from Victoria's and cried rhythmically as she climaxed. Laurence approached the bed. He climbed up and got on his side, positioning himself so that his groin was next to the two women's heads. Victoria craned her head over and took his penis into her mouth. He came in seconds as she bobbed her head up and down, sucking on it. Victoria swallowed his semen before going back to kissing Helena. They kissed intimately and softly now, not so deeply. Helena's eyes were closed.

Laurence had his now flaccid penis in his hand. He flicked it in his fingers, trying to get himself hard again. Ron wasn't sure if Victoria and Helena realised he was there. They were enjoying each other. Victoria sat up, then got off of the bed. She took the straps of her dress from her shoulders and let it fall to the floor. She took her knickers off, then her bra, freeing her breasts. Helena instantly went to her, stooped slightly and put her face in between Victoria's breasts. Victoria held the back of her head and seemed to crush Helena's face into her. Victoria looked down at her. There was a look in her eye, Ron didn't know how to describe it. Something was happening. The two women had chemistry; this was for real now.

Laurence couldn't take his eyes off of them. Victoria helped Helena get out of her top. She wasn't wearing a bra. Victoria sucked on her left nipple. Helena awkwardly started to unzip her trousers as Victoria sucked her nipple. Her trousers dropped away, followed by her knickers, and Victoria instantly groped between her legs. It looked like they were going to have sex right there, standing up, but Victoria stood upright and pushed Helena back towards the bed. Helena lay back on the bed. As she lay back, her shoulder landed on Laurence's left foot. Helena didn't even seem to notice, but Laurence pulled his foot away. Helena opened her legs, and Victoria climbed on top of her. They began kissing and Victoria's hand went between Helena's legs. She started to finger her violently. Helena's legs were wrapped tightly around Victoria. They were locked together. Their movement became more and more mechanical, almost violent, until Helena orgasmed, crying out as she did.

Laurence had become erect. Ron wasn't surprised that he had. Victoria had begun to softly kiss Helena. They looked into each other's' eyes, Victoria still lying on top of her, Helena's legs still wrapped around her body. Laurence placed his hand on Victoria's shoulder to get her attention. She looked up at him, she noticed he was erect again. She went to take him into her mouth, but he gestured for her to move down the bed. He asked for a condom, and Helena got him one, from a little decorated box that had been placed on the bedside chest. He patted Victoria's behind, and put the condom on to his penis as she got onto all fours. He penetrated her anally and began to thrust himself into her rear. Victoria reached between her legs with her left hand and squeezed Laurence's testicles. Laurence came in a matter of seconds. Ron was not surprised that he did. Victoria kissed him briefly on the mouth and he thanked her. 

Ron noticed that Helena had begun to masturbate herself as she watched Victoria and Laurence. Now Victoria got down and put her mouth on Helena's vagina, and began to lick her. Helena writhed herself against Victoria's mouth in a tight, circular motion. At first, she looked down at Victoria as she licked her, they made eye contact, then Helena's eyes began to crinkle at the edges with pleasure. Soon after she closed her eyes. 
