 Ron's phone went off just as he had turned the light off beside the bed. He was staying in a spare room at the house with the chaps. He was taking them to Fulham in the morning. It was Katie on the phone. Ron was very tired. He didn't want to go out now but knew he probably would if she asked him to. He thought of the money. 

'Hi,' said Katie. 

'How did Victoria and Helena get on?' said Katie. He thought she sounded drunk. 

'I think Laurence was impressed,' said Ron. 

'Helena said Vicky invited her to stay the night with her,' said Katie. 

'Did she? I don't know, I was driving,' said Ron. 

'Did it seem like they liked each other?' said Katie. 

'It looked good to me, and Laurence seemed to enjoy things' said Ron. Katie paused for a second before speaking again. 

'That's not what I meant, Ron. ...Helena and I have been seeing a lot of each other,' said Katie. 

'Are you alright? Have you had a drink?' said Ron. 

'Do you mind me talking to you about this?' said Katie. 

'Not at all,' said Ron. He did though. 

'Yes, I've had a drink,' said Katie. 

'Ok,' said Ron. 

'Were they into each other?' said Katie. 

'I don't know. I thought they were just doing their job,' said Ron. 

'I was her first woman,' said Katie. 

'Right,' said Ron. 

'I broke her in,' said Katie. 

'Right,' said Ron. 

'She told me she was in love with a doctor at work, so we thought it would just be sex, it would be alright' said Katie. 

'Ok,' said Ron. 

'And it's turning into something else,' said Katie. 

'You looked a bit upset today,' said Ron. 

'I didn't like seeing her with them, right there in front of me. And I knew she'd been in the toilet with fucking Emma.' said Katie. 

'I wondered,' said Ron. 

'I need to stop shagging her, don't I?' said Katie. 

'I'm not a relationships expert. You need to get some sleep, maybe have a think about it in the morning,' said Ron. 

'She's upstairs now. I fucked her,' said Katie. 

'Did you,' said Ron. 

'If I stop shagging her, do you think she'll go off with Vicky and her fucking tits?' said Katie. Ron realised she was really drunk. 

'I don't know,' said Ron. 

'I paid for them' said Victoria. 

'I'm sorry?' said Ron. 

'I paid for her tits, I lent her the money to get them done,' said Katie. 

'That was kind of you,' said Ron. 

'You know what you lot are like with your dicks?' said Katie. 

'I'm sorry?' said Ron. 

'You lot with your dicks,' said Katie. 'Like, you see some black guy in the showers at the gym, then you've got to go out and buy a range rover or something... We're like that with tits. We have tit envy. And Vicky's tits are bigger than some of my friends,' said Victoria. 

'Right,' said Ron. 

'There are countries smaller than Vicky's tits,' said Katie. 

'They're very impressive,' said Ron. 

'...I'm falling for her, Ron' said Katie. 

'For Helena?' said Ron. 

Yes,' said Katie. 

'Ok,' said Ron. 

'I wish they could all be beautiful but fucking horrible, like Emma. They're easier then,' said Katie. 

'Emma's horrible?' said Ron. 

'She's vile. Everyone loves shagging her senseless, but otherwise they don't want to be in a room with her. ...We meet up, all the girls and I, for lunch every Friday, and we had to stop inviting her,' said Katie. 

'I'm surprised by that,' said Ron. 

'And she lets guys do anything to her,' said Katie. 

'Right,' said Ron. He'd noticed that. 

'Don't be fooled by how she comes across,' said Katie. 

'Is Helena a nurse or something?' said Ron. 

'What?' said Katie. 

'You said she was in love with a doctor at work?' said Ron. 

'Oh right. I can't remember. Yeah, she's a nurse or something,' said Katie. 

'What will you do about Helena?' said Ron. 

'I've got to stop shagging her, I'll have to talk to her,' said Katie. 

'That might be for the best,' said Ron. 

'Ron, Thanks for listening to me,' said Katie. 

'No worries,' said Ron. 

'Are you busy tomorrow?' said Katie. 

'I'm with the chaps. I can do the evening,' said Ron. 

'Great. A couple of the girls are out and about. It would be good if you could tag along with one of them. I don't know which one yet, though,' said Katie. 

'Sounds good,' said Ron. 

'I like you Ron. There's something about you. I get this feeling with you. The girls have said they like you being around,' said Katie. 

'Thanks,' said Ron. 

'I'll speak to you tomorrow. Goodnight Ron,' said Katie. 

'Goodnight,' said Ron. 

*** 

Ron took the chaps to Fulham. They were going on a tour of Stamford Bridge, Chelsea Football Club's stadium. They all seemed in good spirits. They'd enjoyed themselves the day before and some of them had won large sums of money. They were looking forward to the tour. It was another nice, warm day. 

Some other tourists were going in as they got to the gates. He led the chaps around the stadium to where the tour would start, by the club shop. The last time Ron had been here was in 1995. Ron had been very young and remembered being nearly knocked over by a police horse after the game when fans from Chelsea and from his own club had been fighting. 

When the tour started, the guide took them into one of the stands, where everybody sat down. It was a large, impressive stadium. The tour guide asked the people on the tour where they had come from and what teams they supported. Among the group, there were people from Munich who supported Bayern Munich, a group of Italian men who supported Torino football club. A Malaysian family said they were all Chelsea fans. The chaps told the guide they were from Saudi Arabia. The guide didn't know any teams from Saudi Arabia, but Ibrahim told them they supported Manchester United, and everybody jokingly booed them. Mo told them that Ron supported Millwall. The guide looked at Ron with exaggerated trepidation and said he hoped there would be no trouble, and Ron laughed. The guide said he thought Faisal looked like a former Chelsea player called Diego Costa, and a chant went up of 'Diego, Diego, Diego.' 

The tour took them round all the stands, into the changing rooms and into the press conference room. The chaps had photos taken where they were superimposed against the pitch, so it looked like they were being interviewed after a match. The chaps didn't seem to be used to having their photos taken, and Ron was amused by the photos. After the tour, they spent lots of money in the club shop. Ibrahim 2 bought a large toy lion, a replica of the club's mascot. 

They had lunch in a very expensive restaurant in Mayfair. Ron was included again. He ate a steak which he honestly thought was as good as sex. They went back to the house afterwards. The chaps were going to a gay club in Convent Garden in the evening. They were going to sleep through the afternoon so that they would have plenty of energy. Toby had told Ron to take the night off. He didn't envy whoever was going to have to try to look after them in a busy nightclub and get them home afterwards. 

Ron got off at three. Katie didn't need him till seven. He did some food shopping and went home. He hadn't been in his flat much in the last few days. A lot of things had happened in that time. He still felt good, and optimistic. He felt better than he had for years, if he was honest. 

*** 

Katie called him again at about five o-clock. He'd been asleep. 

'Hi,' said Katie. 

'You alright?' said Ron. 

'Sorry about last night. Too much wine,' said Katie. 

'No worries,' said Ron. 

'You're free tonight?' said Katie. 

'Yeah, got the night off,' said Ron. 

'Can you take Emma to the same flat you went to the other night?' said Katie. 

'Yup, what time?' said Ron. 

'She needs to be there for half-seven,' said Katie. 

'Where am I getting her from?' said Ron. 

'Elephant and Castle. I'll text you the address. This is a bit of an awkward one though. It's a duo, but the other girl is from another agency. I don't normally like doing mix and match stuff like that, but Emma wanted to do it,' said Katie. 

'Is my role still the same?' said Ron. 

'Exactly the same, just make sure the guy doesn't hack her to death, basically' said Katie. 

'I'll try my best,' said Ron. 

'The other agency... not highly thought of,' said Katie. 

'Really?' said Ron. 

'The women are all chavs,' said Katie. 

'How will Emma get on with one of them?' said Ron. 

'Depends if she fancies her, I suppose. I'm more worried about whether the other one turns up. They haven't got a good reputation. If she doesn't show, Emma will try and get the guy to pick another one of our girls, but we'll deal with that if it comes up,' said Katie. 

'Right-oh,' said Ron. He was looking forward to working with Emma again. 

Ron could have just about thrown a stone from his flat to Emma's building. He didn't plan to mention that to her though. When he pulled up, she came out promptly. He was surprised to see that she was dressed very casually, wearing jogging bottoms and quite a simple top. She still looked fantastic. She carried a sports bag, and Ron got out of the car to carry it for her and put it in his boot. She let him take the bag off her. She sat in the back. Ron could see in his mirror that she was looking at her phone as they drove off. She was typing a message or something on it. 

'Lovely evening,' Ron said. It was indeed a lovely evening. 

'Can we just drive please?' said Emma, without looking up from her phone. 

He'd allowed for the traffic, so they arrived with half an hour to spare. Ron took her bag up for her. He asked her where she wanted it, she said on the bed in the main bedroom. Ron went into the box room. He could see her through the mirror. She took her clothes off, folded them and put them on the bed in a neat pile. Her toned, lithe, deeply tanned body looked mesmerising. She took underwear out of the bag and put it on, lacey black knickers and a matching bra. She took long leather boots out of the bag. It took her some time to get them on. The boots were shiny patent leather. They were tight and they went midway up Emma's thighs. Even though Ron still wanted to slap her for her rudeness in the car, he had to acknowledge that even by her own standards, Emma looked absolutely delicious. 

The customer was due to arrive at eight. It was ten minutes to. Emma had gone into the bathroom to complete her makeup, had then taken her bag out of the bedroom and presumably left it somewhere else in the flat. Now she lay on the bed, messing around with her phone. At five minutes to, the door buzzer went. Emma left the bedroom to answer it. Ron wondered if it would be the customer or the other girl. 

It was the other girl. 

The other girl was very striking... 

Emma showed her into the bedroom. Ron didn't know what he had been expecting, but it had not been this. She was tall, and she was a body builder. She was very big and muscular. He wondered if she was stronger than he was. She was also very pretty. She was tanned, it looked like a spray tan, but her skin looked good. She had very dark brown hair. It was shoulder length, but her hair was shaved at the sides of her head, undercut. Ron thought she looked like an amazon. The customer was due to arrive any minute. The amazon rushed into the bathroom. When she'd gone in, Emma looked at the mirror, knowing Ron was behind it. She looked shocked, but nicely shocked. Her expression seemed to say, 'Jesus, are you seeing this?' 

Ron walked round to look at the amazon preparing herself. She had her own sports bag. She took her jeans and top off; she wasn't wearing a bra. Her breasts were large and natural, and Ron liked the way they fell as her top came off. She took her knickers off. She took out her makeup bag and went to work on her face. She did it hurriedly. Ron thought she used more makeup than she needed, but he always thought women used more makeup than they needed, and she did look pretty when she'd finished. The amazon had leather boots as well. She tugged them on. They were also thigh high, and black leather, but these boots weren't shiny like Emma's. Ron honestly didn't know if he was attracted to her or not, but he knew that he had to see her have sex with Emma. 

The amazon quickly chucked all her stuff back in her bag. She took the bag and went back out into the bedroom. Ron went to the other mirror. He didn't want to miss a single thing that happened. The amazon put her bag in the corner of the bedroom furthest from the door, presumably thinking she didn't have time to put it anywhere else in the flat. Ron noticed how her natural breasts swung as her body moved. She looked at Emma (who had been watching her intently as she came out of the bathroom). Emma's eyes were sparkling, her pupils were massive. Ron thought she was very taken with the amazon. 

Even after a few days, Ron had quickly grown accustomed to seeing Katie's 'friends' getting up to all kinds of things. Particularly after the day at the races, he'd felt like he was becoming sexually desensitised. When he saw the way Emma was looking at the other girl, however, he got an almost instantaneous, granite-hard erection. 

'Aaaand relax,' said the Amazon. She had a very working-class London accent. 'Ok let's start again. Hi, I'm Layla.' Emma laughed too loudly. Ron thought she seemed like a teenage girl meeting a member of their favourite boyband. 

'I'm Emma,' said Emma. 

'Pleased to meet you Emma, I'm sure,' said Layla. She leaned forward and kissed Emma on the cheek. Emma went very red. She kept her face by Layla's, her neck craning ever so slightly forward. She kissed Layla on the lips. It was just a peck, and she giggled loudly. Then Layla kissed Emma on the lips, another peck. Emma laughed too loudly again. Her face was still red. They looked at each other for a split second, then they locked their mouths together and kissed each other deeply, their tongues working in each other's mouths. Emma frantically lifted her left leg up and hooked it around Layla. Layla put her hands under Layla's rear and lifted her off the ground and into her. Layla's legs were tight around Layla's waist now, and they were kissing so strenuously that they were struggling to get air into their bodies. Layla had Emma in almost a bear hug and Emma was squeezing her groin up against Layla's stomach as if her life depended on it. Then the flat's buzzer sounded again. 

*** 

Emma had to go and let the customer in because Layla was wearing nothing but her boots and earrings. Emma brought him into the room. He looked mid-thirties, he was thin, white, had glasses on. He looked nervous. 

'Layla, this is Mark,' said Emma. 

'Nice to meet you Mark,' said Layla. She kissed him on the cheek. 

'Hi, nice to meet you,' said Mark. He looked nervous, stiff and awkward. He had one of those bags, like a satchel, with the strap over one shoulder. He took a bottle of red wine out, and two envelopes. He looked at them; he'd written their names on them. He gave them their envelopes. It was an awkward moment. Emma giggled. She took the wine and went out of the bedroom. 

'Would you like to take a shower my darling?' said Layla. 

'Oh, yes please,' said Mark. Layla gestured towards the en suite bathroom. 

'Shower's in there,' she said. He went in. When he'd shut the door, she opened the envelope and took the money out. She counted it quickly. It looked to Ron like a large wad of banknotes. She put the money back in the envelope and put it in her bag behind the bed. She rummaged in the bag, seemed to be placing it right at the bottom of her bag. 

Ron nearly jumped out of his skin when the door to the box room opened. It was Emma. She handed Ron her envelope. 

'Can you hold this for me? I know exactly how much is in there,' she said. 

'No problem,' said Ron. 

When Emma got back into the bedroom she went straight for Layla. Layla had been sitting on the edge of the bed, but she got up when she saw her. They were laughing, embarrassed. They started kissing again. Layla grabbed Emma's rear firmly. Emma writhed against her as they kissed. Layla undid Emma's bra, then stopped kissing her so she could reach down and pull her knickers down. She picked Emma up, Emma gasped as she did. She held Emma like a baby and carried her to the bed. She placed her down on the bed. Layla climbed right on top of Emma, and lay right on top of her, pinning Emma under her with her weight. Layla's hand went between them, in between Emma's legs, and they started to have sex, rhythmically, forcefully. They were looking at each other and their eyes looked aggressive, almost as if they were having a fight. Emma started making a sound, when Layla's fingers went into her. It wasn't a cry, it was deeper, like almost a gurgling sound, from somewhere inside her. She was enjoying what Layla was doing to her. The catch on the bathroom door clicked as Mark opened it and came out. He had a towel round him. The girls stopped what they were doing. They were laughing and giggling. 

'Ok Mark?' said Emma. 

'Yes,' said Mark. He still looked nervous. 

'I forgot the wine!' said Emma. She got up and went out. Layla patted the bed beside her. Come and sit down lovely,' said Layla. Mark sat down next to her. He'd taken his glasses off. Layla stroked his arm and his back. 

'I've never done this before. I'm a bit nervous,' said Mark. 

'There's nothing to be nervous about honey! We are going to look after you, you watch,' said Layla. Her accent was very thick. Ron thought she sounded like she was from south of the river. Emma came back in. It was like the other night, she had two wine glasses and a pint glass. She managed to put them down on the chest beside the bed without spilling any wine. 

'I could only find two wine glasses! Who wants the beer glass?' she said. 

'I'll have it,' said Layla. 

Emma sat on the bed next to Mark. The girls were sat either side of him, squeezed up against him. Emma took a sip of her wine. 

'Mark's never done this before, he said he's feeling nervous,' said Layla. 

'Oh wow. Don't worry Mark, we'll look after you,' said Emma. She kissed him on the cheek. Layla kissed his other cheek, then they leaned forward and kissed each other, in front of Mark's face. Soon they were kissing each other, the three of them kissing simultaneously. Emma had to get up and sort of stoop in front of Mark to make this happen. Ron could hear them breathing. Layla was still stroking Mark, rubbing his back. 

They stopped kissing. Layla got up, she motioned for Mark to stand. He did, and she pulled at the towel around his waist until it fell away to the floor. Layla sat back down on the bed and motioned for Mark to sit back down again. She lay back, and he did too. They started to kiss, and she fondled his penis with her hand. Emma also fondled him. She was on Mark's other side. She leaned over and kissed his penis. She kissed it a few times, then started to gently masturbate him. He became erect quickly. Emma took his penis into her mouth. She sucked on it gently, slowly, her lips moving up and down rhythmically. 

Layla stopped kissing Mark. She moved away from him on the side of the bed so that she could lean over towards his groin. She kissed the side of Emma's face tenderly as Emma sucked on Mark's penis. Emma stopped sucking him to kiss Layla back. Layla took a turn sucking Mark. She closed her lips tightly around the shaft of Mark's penis and moved them up and down. He was moaning and breathing heavily. He gasped as he climaxed, ejaculating into Layla's mouth. Layla kept his semen in her mouth, she began to kiss Emma. They kissed each other very deeply, it looked like they were trying to touch each other's tonsils with their tongues. 

Layla climbed over Mark and knelt in the middle of the bed. Emma hurriedly got on the bed too, she lay prostrate in front of Layla, with her legs spread wide open in front of her. Emma's vagina was shaven. Layla took a second to look down at it. Emma looked up at Layla's face. She looked expectant, excited. Layla put her finger in Emma's vagina and Emma gasped. She took the finger out, then put two fingers in. She stayed knelt in front of and slightly over Emma. She gently, very slowly started to finger Emma. They looked into each other's eyes as Layla fingered her. Layla didn't speed up, she kept moving her fingers in and out, very slowly. Emma was loving it. Layla kept going. Mark watched intently. He tried to get himself hard again. Emma was bucking her hips up in time with Layla's fingers going into her. They kept the same pace, very slow. Emma looked up at Layla's face, while Layla looked at down at her fingers going in and out of Emma's vagina. It wasn't long before Emma was crying out. Her body stiffened and shook, and she screamed as she came. 
