 The next day Ron was working with the American gentlemen. He was called Nathaniel Rutherford. Ron met him and his bodyguard at Gatwick. Rutherford was old, to Ron he looked like he was about one-hundred-and-twenty-three years old. Ron took them to their hotel on Park Lane. He and the bodyguard took the luggage up. They weren't long at the hotel because Rutherford wanted to go to the Travellers Club, on Pall Mall. Ron had his suit on but no tie, he had to borrow a tie from the bodyguard so that they could get into the club. The bodyguard was called Bradley, and Ron had the feeling he was ex-military. 

They were a few hours at the Travellers.' Ron and Bradley sat and chatted at a separate table whilst Rutherford caroused with some English friends, in the club's bar. Ron saw an officer who had been in his regiment, and the man came over and chatted to him. He told Ron that he was in intelligence now, and he said he was pleased to see Ron looking so well. Bradley had served in the American Marines, and it turned out they'd both been in Afghanistan at a similar time. Bradley seemed like a decent guy. 

They went back to the hotel just after seven, and that was Ron done for the day. He wanted to go running. He got changed and was just about to go out when the phone rang. He thought about not answering and just going out, but he answered it in case it was work stuff. It was Katie's number. 

'Ron can you come and get me?' said Katie. Ron thought she sounded drunk. From the background noise it sounded like she was out somewhere. 

'Whereabouts are you?' said Ron. 

'Westminster,' said Katie. 

'Is this a work thing? No offence but I had plans,' said Ron. 

'I need to talk to you,' said Katie. 

'What about?' said Ron. 

'I can't say, there's people here, I'm in a bar,' said Katie. 

'Have I done something wrong?' said Ron. 

'No. You're wonderful, you're the only employee I have that I don't want to fire and never fucking see again,' said Katie. 

'I'll come and get you. It's going to take time to get up there now,' said Ron. 

'That's ok,' said Katie. 

Katie named a bar in Westminster. It did indeed take a long time to get up there because of the traffic. He double parked outside. She was sat at a table inside, by herself, drinking. There were quite a few empty glasses on the table. She wanted him to sit down and have a drink, but he told her he was double parked, and they needed to go. 

'What's been going on?' said Ron. 

'Bad day,' said Katie. She'd had a few more G&Ts since she'd rang him. 

'Why bad? Where are we going?' said Ron. 

'Can we go to your place?' said Katie. 

'No boss, we can't go to my place. Stepney, right?' said Ron. 

'Ok, Stepney,' said Katie. She looked like she was going to fall asleep. Ron thought that if she was sick in his car, fuck the money, he'd go back to just working for Toby. 

It was obviously going to take absolutely ages to get to the East End, and Ron was not even remotely happy about spending his fucking evening stuck in loads of traffic, breathing in exhaust fumes, instead of running. 

'Ron,' said Katie. 

'What's up?' said Ron. 

'We all met up. We always get together on Fridays,' said Katie. 

'I know, Marie told me about that,' said Ron. He remembered that Marie had said they handed the money over. He looked at Katie's bag. 'Have you got money on you?' 

'Yeah,' said Katie. 

'How much have you got?' said Ron. 

'About three grand,' said Katie. 

'Can I come with you in future if you're carrying money like that, and drinking?' said Ron. 

'I'm not normally pissed. They don't normally start screaming at each other and causing a fucking scene in the middle of a fucking bar,' said Katie. 

'What happened?' said Ron. 

'Emma turned up. She doesn't usually come because everyone fucking hates her, but she came today,' said Katie. 

'Did she cause the grief?' said Ron. 

'Yes. She's seeing Layla, and they did a job the other night with Annabelle, and Emma thinks Layla and Annabelle like each other. She's jealous, and she started making fucking niggly comments to Annabelle, and Annabelle snapped, and they started screaming at each other,' said Katie. 

'Right. That doesn't sound good,' said Ron. 

'Emma's saying that she's going to leave. She said that if she does stay with me, Layla can't work with Annabelle again,' said Katie. 

'Are you better off without Emma?' said Ron. 

'No Ron, no. Far from it. She makes more money than the others. She lets people take turns up her arse, and she lets people fucking piss in her mouth, and the money from that is good, Ron, it's really good, and I have a mortgage, and I have my kid's school fees... and I have a cocaine habit, Ron... I can't lose her, but I don't want her fucking dictating things to me either,' said Katie. 

'How much coke are you using?' asked Ron. 

'A lot,' said Katie. 

'Do we need to get you some help?' asked Ron. 

'I don't really want to talk about it,' said Katie. 

'Ok,' said Ron. 

'It's a lot, I'm using a lot,' said Katie. 

'Ok. We'll have to have a chat about that when you're sober,' said Ron. 

They were silent for a few minutes, before Katie said, 'I'm going to have Layla.' 

'Really? Ok,' said Ron. 

'I spoke to her at the bar when it was just the two of us. I told her I'd heard she was good with a strap on, and she said she was great with a strap-on. And I told her I wanted her up my arse. She's up for it too, she likes me,' said Katie. 

'Well that's good,' said Ron. 

'I won't have her work with Annabelle again, but I'm going to get fucked by her. Fucking Emma isn't telling me how to run my own business,' said Katie. 

'Right,' said Ron. 

'And do you know what else, there's guys that I turn away, really disgusting, pervy horrible scumbags, and I'm going to let them book her,' said Katie. 

'Sleep on this stuff. Have a think about it tomorrow,' said Ron. 

'Ron, things aren't great,' said Katie. 

'I'm going to take you home now, you need to have some paracetamol before bed, and a couple of glasses of water. Tomorrow is another day, honestly,' said Ron. 

'Vicky and Marie left together,' said Katie. 

'How do you feel about that?' said Ron. 

'Not good,' said Katie. 

Nothing was said for a while. Katie fell asleep. Her head was hanging to her right, her dark red hair was dangling onto the gear stick. Ron had to keep swatting it aside when he changed gear. 

Ron still had her address in the map app on his phone, so he was able to find the house. He woke her up and helped her out of the car. She was groggy at first, but she started getting herself back together as he helped her to the door. 

'You want to come in?' said Katie. 

'I can't, I've got to get home,' said Ron. 

'Come in, you can fuck me,' she said. 

'Look, you are gorgeous, you are absolutely gorgeous, but you're my boss, and you're fucked off your head,' said Ron. 

'Spoilsport,' said Katie. 

Get in, take some painkillers, drink some water and sleep it off. I'll ring you tomorrow and we can meet up and have a chat, ok? Don't have any more charlie tonight, just get your head down,' said Ron. 

'You can fuck me, you can come in my mouth,' Katie whispered to him. 

'I'm not going to. Get inside,' said Ron. 

'Ok then,' she said. She fumbled for her keys and let herself in. She shut the door without saying anything else to him. 

*** 

In the morning, Rutherford had him take them to another gentlemen's club. It was on a side street off of St James' Street. Ron hadn't even known it was a club. Some of the old guys in there had obviously been there since the night before. It was a hardcore gambling club. Bradley told him that 'Ruv,' would probably gamble up to a hundred thousand dollars during the session. He and Ron had to sit in the staff room because it was against club rules for them to be out with the members. They were there for a few hours and it got pretty boring. They chatted with the porters when they came through. The porters were both called George. When they were on their way out, Ron saw somebody else from his regiment, another officer, but this one had been really high up the chain of command, and he'd left when Ron was still a young Private soldier. He didn't recognise Ron. 

They went to a restaurant in Knightsbridge after Rutherford had finished gambling. Ron and Bradley sat at the bar while he dined at a table on his own. Rutherford was impeccably polite and well mannered, but he wasn't a patch on the chaps. After he'd eaten, Ron took them back around the corner to their hotel. Rutherford was going to sleep for a bit, then he wanted to go back to the Travellers' Club in the evening. 

Ron had been hoping to get away earlier. Katie had rung to tell him that Marie would be working at the usual flat at dinner time. She wanted Ron to go but he had to cancel. She texted back and asked him if he could take Victoria to a job in Chelsea later that night. It would be three men. They were old apparently, so he wouldn't have any problems with them. She wouldn't let Vicky do it without him there. 

Rutherford gambled again at the Travellers club, playing for high stakes with some friends and other club members. Ron could see that a lot of money was involved. He wondered how rich all these people were. He got them back to Park Lane just before ten and had to leave straight away to pick up Victoria. 

*** 

Every time he saw Victoria, Ron found he had forgotten exactly how big her breasts were, and how thin her waist was in comparison. She smiled brilliantly at him when she got in the car. She was a great looking girl. He could imagine her turning heads everywhere she went. Emma and Marie might have been more beautiful, and Marie had that something indefinable about her anyway, but Ron thought that out of them, Vicky was the one he'd most like to just grab hold of and take off somewhere. 

'Hello Mr Ron,' she said. 

'Hi Vickie,' said Ron. 

'How've you been?' said Vicky. 

'Grand. Yourself?' said Ron. 

'Really great, actually. I've been shagging all night, and all day today,' said Vicky. 

'Can't be bad,' said Ron. He wondered if she'd been with Marie and found that he wanted to change the subject. 'What's the story with this job?' 

'It's three guys, they're barristers. They're old. Like doing kinky stuff, fetish stuff. I go and play with them every few weeks or so. It'll be alright. It'll be hard work for me, but it'll be ok,' she said. 

'They won't be any trouble?' asked Ron. 

'Oh God no!' said Vicky. 

Ron could see the dome of St Paul's cathedral ahead, over the buildings. It was dark now, but there were a lot of people on the streets. He couldn't remember ever drinking in the City or going out there at night, but it seemed like a happening place now. There looked to be a lot of bars and restaurants right by the cathedral, with people sat outside them. 

'Vicky, were you out with Katie yesterday? Said Ron. 

'Yes. It was lovely. Screaming, arguing, awkwardness, wouldn't have missed it,' said Victoria. 

'What happened? I picked Katie up and took her home afterwards. She was in a bit of a state,' said Ron. 

'It's all soap opera stuff really, Mr Ron. Emma came. The only time Emma isn't offending someone is when she has either a cock or a clitoris in her mouth. She's a piece of work,' said Victoria. 

'She had a go at Annabelle?' said Ron. 

'Indeed, she did. Annie can look after herself though. Emma obviously didn't know that, but she knows now,' said Victoria. 

'They don't like each other?' said Ron. 

'Not now they don't. Have you met Layla, the new girl? She's just started,' said Victoria. 

'Yeah, nice girl,' said Ron. 

'Bloody nice girl. Well Emma met her, and God knows what Layla did to her, but she's in love, she's completely smitten with Layla. They're practically living together... So, then Layla and Emma did a party booking with Annabelle, and Layla and Annabelle hit it off—' 

'-I was there,' interrupted Ron. 

'Really, that's interesting! What did Layla do to her?' said Victoria. 

'She had her with a strap-on,' said Ron. 

'Annie's a lucky bitch. I'd love to get fucked by Layla. I'm really hoping someone books us. So, Annabelle and Layla were talking when we were out drinking, and they were obviously into each other, I thought they were going to go off to the toilets or something, and Emma had a hissy fit. She's in love with Layla but I don't think it's mutual. Everybody likes shagging Emma but God, you don't want to have to talk to her, and be around her,' said Victoria. 

'Katie wasn't happy,' said Ron. 

'Did she mention me?' said Victoria. 

'What did you do?' said Ron. 

'Well, Marie and I kind of hooked up. You know I said I'd been shagging all night and all day? And Katie's got a soft spot for her, for Marie,' said Victoria. 

'So, these guys tonight, they're barristers?' asked Ron. 

'They are. They're a bunch of perverts too. I'm going to be walking funny tomorrow,' said Victoria. 

*** 

They all looked to be at least in their sixties. God bless Viagra, Ron thought. The flat was in the City of London, amongst the Inns of Court. It was a massive place, it looked like two flats had been converted into one. It was cosy, there were books everywhere, and sofas and chairs that looked comfortable. It looked like old money. Ron liked it. 

'This is Ron, he'll be here to make sure that you don't murder me and leave me in a ditch,' said Victoria. 

'Damn' said one of the barristers. 

'That's rather scuppered our plans,' said another one. 

'Where would you like me to be?' said Ron. 

'Please take a seat old boy,' said a barrister. 

'Right, I'm going to get dressed,' said Victoria. 

'Hugo will have to supervise you my dear,' said a barrister. 

'Of course,' said Victoria. 

They sat down in front of a very large television. The television and DVD player seemed to be the only modern objects in the flat. One of the barristers picked up two DVD's from the top of a chest of drawers. 

'Gentlemen, we have a choice of two films for this evening. We have... this one is called... 'The Imitation Game,' and this one is called 'Anal Passengers 4.' Thoughts?' he said. 

'Hugo shall have to have a vote of course,' said the other one. 

'This is about that Turing fellow! The queer one!' said the barrister with the DVDs. 

'Ron you said?' asked the other one. 

'Yes,' said Ron. He liked these men. 

'I suspect you were in the brigade, old boy,' said the barrister. 

'Guilty,' said Ron. 

'The Bill Browns, perhaps?' said the barrister. 

'Fuck off!' said Ron. They laughed. Before he could say anything else, he heard the door opening behind him. Victoria crawled out on her hands and knees. She was totally naked but for stockings and a collar around her neck. From the collar extended a leash, which Hugo the Barrister held as he walked behind her. Victoria crawled towards the television. Her breasts hung underneath her as she crawled. She lay down in front of the television on her side. 

'Hugo. We have two films, old boy. We have 'The Imitation Game,' and another one called 'Anal Passengers 4.' Thoughts?' said DVD barrister. 

'I rather think we saw 'Anal Passengers 2,' said Hugo. 

'Really? I don't recall,' said DVD barrister. 

'Yes, I'm quite sure. The fellow's a taxi driver, he picks the women up, sweet talks them and gives them a buggering. I rather liked it,' said Hugo. 

'I remember that one! I rather liked it too,' said the other barrister. 

'Imitation Game is about the Turing fellow, computer fellow. Went to Kings, I believe,' said DVD barrister. 

'The queer fellow?' asked Hugo. 

'Yes,' said DVD barrister. 

'Computer fellow?' asked Hugo. 

'Yes,' said DVD barrister. 

'We could give that a whirl. I don't like the idea of seeing these 'Anal Passengers' things out of sequence. What do you think Alexander?' said Hugo. 

'Why not? let's give it a go,' said the other barrister. 

DVD barrister struggled to get the DVD player to work. He said that his grandson normally helped him. Ron hoped the grandson hadn't been watching 'Anal Passengers.' Ron helped him, and they got the film going. Victoria lay on the floor in front of the television. Her eyes were closed, and she looked like she was sleeping. 

Ron thought the film was alright. Fifteen minutes into it, DVD barrister clicked his fingers, loudly. Victoria opened her eyes, got up and all fours and looked at him. He pointed to his groin. Hugo, sat immediately to Ron's left, was still holding her leash. She crawled to DVD barrister, who was sat in a large armchair. She leaned over his lap and unzipped his fly. Before long, her head was bobbing up and down rhythmically as she fellated him. 

Several minutes later, he clicked his fingers again. She stopped sucking his penis. He gestured for Hugo to give him the leash, and Hugo threw it over to him. He got up and led her off to a bedroom, Victoria crawling behind him. 

Whatever they did together was short in duration. He led her back in, the leash tight as she crawled along behind him. He was stark naked, and Ron reflected that these boarding school types didn't seem to think anything of people seeing them without clothes on. DVD barrister sat down. He passed the leash to Hugo. Hugo led Victoria back to the bedroom. 

That was how it went. One of them would lead her, crawling, off to a bedroom, would do whatever he wanted with her, then would bring her back. She could have just stayed in the bedroom, Ron thought, but he guessed part of the fun was having her crawl around on all fours on a leash, like a dog. They would click their fingers and gesture to Victoria, signifying what she had to do. Neither of them spoke to her, and she never spoke. Sometimes two of them would go with her. Towards the end, the three of them all took her to the bedroom. Ron had a discreet look in (they'd agreed not to shut any doors so that he could hear and listen out for the safe word). They were all having sex with Victoria at the same time. Hugo was behind her, sodomising her, Alexander was underneath, penetrating her vaginally, whilst DVD barrister was in front of her, in her mouth. 

Ron quite enjoyed the film. The barristers had missed too many bits when they had been off with Victoria, so none of them could understand the plot, and they argued about what was going on. They gave Victoria a tip, and tipped Ron as well. They said he'd done a 'splendid job.' 

*** 

Rutherford was in London for a two more days. He didn't go much further than Pall Mall on either one of them. Ron found it pretty dull and was relieved to get away at the end of each day. In the evenings, he took Annabelle to a job at a pretty grotty flat in Earls Court. The customer had problems getting an erection. She said afterwards that this was always stressful, as she felt like she had a responsibility to give customers a good time, and if they couldn't get it up it meant she was doing something wrong, or that something was wrong with her. 

The next night he took Emma and Layla to a duo booking. The flat they used was spitting distance from Victoria Station, and it took Ron absolutely ages to find somewhere to park. In the flat, Ron was listening to what was going on and it seemed like the customer was more than happy to watch Emma and Layla entertain each other for most of the time. Ron thought Layla was a nice girl, she'd say hello and chat to him. Emma barely said a word, and when Layla spoke to him, she seemed to keep steering the conversation away so that Layla was just talking to her. 

Ron was finding that for the first time since he'd got back from overseas, he was reading a lot. When he was in a flat, and the girls were with a customer, he found that he didn't need to listen that closely to know whether things were alright or not. There was always a safe word, and the girls knew to make a lot of noise if things started going south, so he could sit and read. He'd nearly read a whole book about a battle in the Vietnam War. 
