 Mrs. Barnes wiped away the haze from the fogged over mirror in front of her. With a much clearer image of herself to work with now, she continued the chore of vigorously rubbing the bath towel she held against the shower soaked streaks of hair on the left side of her head.

Wrapping the towel around the back of her shoulders, she finally abandoned the dew filled atmosphere of the bathroom and retreated to her bedroom across the hallway. She cut her eyes over towards the digital clock on the nightstand. It was closing in fast on six thirty post meridian and she began to wonder if her husband and the boys were done with their task out in the garage. He, along with her son and a small rabble of some of the less than corrigible students that he lorded over at Strokerville High, had been charged with relocating a portion of the science fair decorations from the gymnasium to the confines of their spacious garage.

When Mrs. Barnes stepped into her walk-in closet she let the towel that she had wrapped around her body fall to the floor and replaced it with an emerald green satin robe that hung down to the middle of her thighs. Lifting the towel that she had draped around her shoulders, she once again took up her attempts to dry her dark brown mane as she knelt down to collect the towel she dropped.

In doing so she spotted a rectangular strip of plastic nestled in the crevasses amidst a pile of her husband's grit coated running shoes. Her puzzlement was only momentary as she suddenly recognized what it was that she was looking at. After taking up the towel she reached over and pried the object from its nest of rubber soles and laces. It had been quite awhile since she'd seen the likes of such a thing. Turning the cassette tape over, Mrs. Barnes read the title of this selection that originated from the confines of the adult section of the Strokerville Video Plus and gently cringed.

She continued to remain aware of the fact that her husband often indulged in such viewing practices, but it had been some time since she herself had been offered join him in a screening. The mere sight of the tape she held flashed her mind back various uncomfortable occasions when her bedroom was illuminated by nothing else besides the flickering light of a television screen and the melodic moans and grunts emanating from the actors on the screen filled the silence between her and her spouse.

Mrs. Barnes was never sure how she was expected to respond during such instances. After a while the entire situation became much too awkward to continue and Mr. Barnes' fetish faded into the background of their bedroom life. There was a stretch of time when Mrs. Barnes wondered if her husband ever had any serious qualms about the sexual nature of their relationship. True, she was never really that adventurous in their exploits, and her mister was always the one who initiated things between them, but outside of his sporadic grumblings over the infrequency of their trysts and her constant reluctance to try any of the many kinks and carnalities that he came up with she never heard a peep out of him.

Mrs. Barnes walked over to a small storage bin on her husband's side of the closet, pulled open the top drawer, and dropped the tape inside.

The sound of a ringing phone drew her out of the closet and over to the nightstand beside her bed. Oddly enough, she picked it up to the sound of her husband's voice. He apprised her of the lingering matters taking place on the campus that required his attention as well as alerted her to the fact that he'd dropped their son off at a friend's home so there wouldn't be any rush for her to get dinner started.

Still rustling her hair with the towel she held, Mrs. Barnes walked out of her bedroom and moved off down the hallway. She wrapped the towel around the back of her neck as she stepped out of the corridor. When she reached the living room she found it strange to be greeted by the likes of Aaron, Dennis, and Jake, loafing about on her furniture.

"You boys get all finished up?" she politely inquired as she continued to move through the living room on her way to the kitchen.

"Yes, Mrs. Barnes," Aaron answered her.

When she made it into the kitchen Mrs. Barnes turned her eyes toward the sink that was filled to capacity with dishes that needed to be washed. She'd went about her daily routine of completing various chores around the house just like always, but as she stood underneath the showerhead washing herself she continued to be nagged by the thought that there was something she'd forgotten. Mystery solved.

It didn't matter. According to her husband she had plenty of time to get the kitchen cleared and prepped for dinner. After breathing out a quiet sigh at the mess she returned to the living room and had a seat on the couch.

"What are you boys watching?" Mrs. Barnes asked the trio, expecting that that may have been the reason for their lingering presence in her home.

"Not sure," Dennis replied from his position on the floor in front of the couch across the room on Mrs. Barnes' right hand side. He tilted a large glass filled with a cherry red fluid up to his lips and drank deep. "Just some movie," he said, pulling the rim of the glass away from his mouth.

"Are you guys waiting on a ride?" she said.

"Jake's car is parked out front," Aaron answered her. He was sitting on the couch next to Dennis' left shoulder. Jake had taken up residence in the loveseat on the other side of the room from his two companions. "We can clear out of here if we're in your way."

"That's okay," Mrs. Barnes replied, not wanting to seem rude. She figured that they'd most likely be heading on their way shortly regardless. Glancing around the room, she noticed that they were all consuming heaping glassfuls of a similar beverage. "What are you drinking?" she asked them, not recognizing the refreshment from the stock that she had on hand in her refrigerator.

Aaron turned to face her. Alternating his glance between her eyes and the glass that he held, he finally spoke up, saying, "Uhm...It's just some punch, Mrs. Barnes. Would you like a taste?"

"Sure," she replied.

Mrs. Barnes emptied the contents of the tall glass and sat it down on top of the coffee table in front of her. This would make for the third refill that she had drained after initially receiving her first glassful of the concoction that Aaron had offered her. Not being able to detect the ratio of alcohol to volume content due to the sweetness of the beverage that she guzzle down, Mrs. Barnes slowly began to understand why the boys had decided continue to convene at this locale.

It took a short while for the effects of the elixir to hit her, but when they did Mrs. Barnes was overwhelmed by a sudden rush of euphoria and lightheadedness.

"Mrs. Barnes, are you alright?" Aaron said over the quiet chuckles of his cohorts as he looked over in her direction and watched her chin slump down to her chest before she quickly pulled her head back up.

"Peachy keen," she said before letting slip a soft bout of giggles. "Just a little tired, that's all." More giggles.

Aaron handed Dennis his half empty glass and rose from his seat. He walked around to the back of the couch Mrs. Barnes was sitting on and positioned himself behind the back of her head. After pulling back the towel draped around her shoulders he placed his gently massaging hands down over the smooth, green satin covered shoulders in front of him, Aaron watched as she arched her neck back and turned a set of closed eyelids up to face him. She hummed out a singsong sigh of relief.

"You seem so tense, Mrs. Barnes," Aaron said to her.

"Umm. You haven't the slightest," she replied, rocking her head slowly toward her right shoulder and then moving it over towards her left.

"I'll bet," Aaron responded, lifting his eyes up toward his two staring compatriots who continued to imbibe heavily while returning the grin that he flashed them.

Aaron kept up his kneading of the tightened muscles covering her collar bones while listening to Mrs. Barnes moan out her vocalizations of her compliance with his actions. Slowly sliding his hands down the front of her chest, Aaron cunningly gripped the lapels of her robe between his fingers and pulled them apart, revealing a bare set of breasts to his gawking companions on the other side of the room.

Glancing down at the spectacle in front of him, Aaron found himself momentarily distracted by a giggle laced snort that exploding from Jake's nasal passages as he lurched forward in the loveseat.

The distraction that he produced also managed to gain the hazy attention of Mrs. Barnes. She brought her head forward and focused her eyes on him before dropping them down and focusing in on her exposed chest area. "Oh, my!" she gasped before jerking her upper body forward and clutching her robe closed.

Aaron quickly took hold of her shoulders again and pulled her body back to the cushion. Mrs. Barnes leaned her head back and stared up at him woozily as she dropped her hands back down to her sides. "Don't worry about it. It's okay," Aaron said to her, calmly coaxing her back into a state of relaxation. He lowered his hands and spread open her robe again.

"Are you sure?" Mrs. Barnes said to him, flashing him a smile before breathing out a short chorus of soft giggles.

"Positive," Aaron reassured her. He lifted his eyes up to Jake and craned his neck to motion him over to them. "Just watch. Jake will make it all better."

"Is that true?" Mrs. Barnes asked, tilting her head down to the sight of the young man resting on his knees in front of where she sat on the couch. She watched as he reached his hands out and pushed the portion of the robe covering her waist aside before taking hold of the elastic band of her panties.

Jake turned his eyes up to Aaron and curled up the corners of his mouth into a wicked smile. "Sure it is, Mrs. Barnes," he spoke. "Wait and see."

She lifted up her hips from the couch cushion and Jake pulled the fabric of her underwear down the length of her legs until he had them completely removed. Pressing the palms of his hands against the inside of her legs at the knees, Jake was able to pry her thighs apart before lowering his head down in between the juncture of her hips.

Mrs. Barnes let go with a piercing cry of elation as the saliva wet tip of Jake's tongue came into contact with the sensitive nub engulfed by the wet folds between her legs. She jutted her hips forward into his lapping tongue while enjoying the sensation that Aaron provided her with as he moved his hands down and took hold of her tightened nipples.

Aaron pinched and pulled.

Jake lashed his tongue over her.

Mrs. Barnes melted into a series of whining cries as her lower vortex overflowed and wet the cushion that she sat on.

She felt Aaron clutch a hard hold on the twin masses mounted on her chest as she lifted her eyes up from the view of the top of Jake's head between her thighs, turning them up to the image of young Dennis peeling away the layers of clothing from his nubile body across the room from her. Her head swam and sank under the intoxicating effects of the solution that she had imbibed as well as the actions occurring all around her.

Mrs. Barnes sat there and suffered under the pressure of Aaron's massaging hands on top of her heaving breasts, the assault that Jake's tongue waged against her wet clit, and the oddly enticing sight of Dennis staring at her while pumping a closed fist over his growing erection, all the while having to endure the inhibition alleviating effects of the elixir that she had previously indulged in to great lengths.

Mrs. Barnes let out an ear piercing moan as a violent orgasm erupted from the apex of her hips and sent a shockwave of enticement coursing throughout her entire body.

"I have to...have to...get dinner ready!" She uttered out as she tried to lift her trembling body away from the back of the couch.

"Just take it easy," Aaron said to her, gently coaxing her shoulders back down to the cushion at her back. "We'll be done here in a minute. Then there'll be plenty of time for dinner."

Mrs. Barnes nodded her head in agreement before slumping back down into her seat with the aid of Jake who pulled her hips forward towards the edge of the seat cushion she sat on. Mrs. Barnes was then left to look on as he hoisted himself higher up onto his knees while undoing the front of his pants.

Her eyelids slowly closed shut as she felt her thighs being pressed back and the soles of her bare feet being lifted off of the carpet beneath them. Her lips parted and she breathed in a loud audible gasp as she was suddenly greeted to the feel of the quivering walls of her vaginal canal being forced to expanded wider as Jake pushed his hot, blood engorged rod into her heated tunnel.

Parting her eyelids and spreading them wide as she panted uncontrollably, Mrs. Barnes was able to look past the fingers tugging at her pebble hard nipples and focus in on the glazed shaft vigorously moving in and out of her drenched wet hole. She reached her hands up and grabbed hold of the side of Aaron's arms, screaming out louder at the alcohol coated realization of what was truly transpiring all around her.

Mrs. Barnes eyes looked on in a combination of both fear and ecstasy as Jake's hips began to move faster. She exhaled a sigh of relief when she finally saw him pry his rod out from between her legs. Her rate of breathing was starting to slow as she dropped her hands down from Aaron's arms and clutched hold of the couch cushion beneath her until she saw Jake level off his swelled solid member over her fur covered mound and begin furiously stroking his hand back and forth across the length of it.

A surprised yelp escaped her lips as she watched the first burst of fluid spew forth from him and splash against her abdomen, filling the tiny pit that her naval was sank into. Jake grunted in unison with each pump his fist and both he and Mrs. Barnes watched as he hosed down her belly with semen.

Jake rose up from the floor and moved out of Dennis' way as he laid claim to the position in front of her. Standing there in front of Mrs. Barnes, he reached down and cupped his hands over the top of her shoulders, pulling her upper body towards him. As her face quickly approached the area of his crotch and the stiffening flesh at its center, Mrs. Barnes threw a hand up and took hold of Dennis' north pointing pole before her face collided with it.

She sucked in a deep panicked breath and said, "Maybe you guys should just give me a moment to..."

Before she could finish blurting out her ramble of a sentence Dennis wrapped his hand around the fingers that she used to clutch hold of his pulsating member. Lowering the swelled tip down to her lips, he thrust his hips forward and muffled the next set of words that she attempted to let spill out across her tongue. She quickly let her attempts at vocalization morph into a pleading drawn out whine as Dennis repeatedly pushed himself in and out of her mouth. Her hand instinctively began to stroke back and forth across the heated tube as she sucked back on him hungrily.

The sound of Mrs. Barnes' moans were nearly loud enough to drown out the sound of gruff grunts coming from Dennis. When he finally uncorked his rod from her greedily devouring lips, Mrs. Barnes gritted her teeth together and hissed out her heavy, rapid breaths as she lowered her eyes to the sight of Dennis' pumping fist.

Her breaths turned to whimpering pants as the first gushing blast leapt out of him and hit against her lower lip and chin. Shutting her eyelids tights, she turned her head to the side and continued to spout out rapid panting cries as Dennis' showered the left side of her cheek as well as the upper portion of her chest with one splurging expulsion after the next.

As she sat there listening to the sounds of his grunts fade, Mrs. Barnes turned her face front again and opened her eyes to the sight of Dennis backing away from her. She tried to catch her breath but once she saw the image of Aaron's nude form move into position in front of her Mrs. Barnes' let loose a single, loud whimper and her chest began to quickly heave in and out again.

Aaron reached down took hold of her by her hips. He eased her down to the floor and spun her around on her knees to face the couch before lifting up the bottom hem of her robe. Mrs. Barnes folded her arms together on the seat in front of her and lowered her head down on the pillow made of her forearms. She felt Aaron aligned the simmering head of his cock up with her oil slick opening before a single sharp slap of his pelvis against the bare skin of her ass sent the entirety of his hardness barreling up into her.

Mrs. Barnes let out a glass shattering shriek and drug the fingers of her left hand up through her hair towards the back of her head at the feel of such a sensation. She belted out a mimicking cry in tune with each pounding that Aaron delivered to her backside; even managing to keep pace with the increasing rapidity of his motions. Her piercing vocals were dulled into breathy gasps when he finally ceased his thumping hips and pried his throbbing prick from between her wet folds. Although she couldn't visually confirm his actions from where her head lay, Mrs. Barnes could definitely hear the sloshing noise of him rapidly stroking his hardened tool over the top of the crack between her still trembling butt cheeks.

Much to her surprise, she found herself shivering under the wave of the orgasm that hit her just as her sweat glazed lower back was being coated with streaks of cream that ran back down over the humps of her ass.

Mrs. Barnes lifted her head up and focused her blurring vision in on the towel that lay across the back of the couch. With the dulling sound of Aaron's groans still resonating in her ears, she suddenly came to the realization she would probably be needing to head back to the shower either before or after she sobered enough to get dinner started.

Mrs. Barnes walked away from the concession stand of the high school football game that she had been in attendance of with her husband carrying the drink she had just ordered. Moving through the crowd back towards the stands, she eventually ran across Aaron, Jake, and Dennis' familiar faces.

"Hello, Mrs. Barnes," Aaron said to her politely, his face lit up with the smile he wore.

She began to blush at the very sound of his voice as her mind instantly flashed back to that blurry evening. "Hello...Aaron," she said, averting her eyes from his.

"Are you busy right now?" he asked her.

"Yes," Mrs. Barnes replied to him. "What do you think? I'm watching the game."

"Really? Because I was just thinking if maybe there wasn't something more interesting that we could get into back at your house."

Her cheeks warmed over and turned beet red. She lowered her crinkling brow and locked eyes with him. "Look! There's nothing of any interest to you back at my home or anywhere else in particular where it concerns me. Now if you will excuse me. You boys enjoy the rest of your evening."

She went to move around them and Aaron sidestepped, blocking her exit. "Okay. Okay," he said. "All kidding aside, Dennis here left his wallet at your place the last time we were over there and it's real important that he get it back."

She cut her eyes over to Dennis and watched a calming grin spread across his lips. "Well, I don't suppose it would be too much trouble to just pop over there right quick and get back here."

"We'll try not to take up too much of your time," Aaron assured her.

"Alright. Just as long as we head straight there and back."

When the four of them stepped through the doorway of her home Aaron broke away from the group and headed though the living room on his way to the kitchen. Once inside, he rummaged around the interior of the refrigerator until he found himself a can of soda. When he left the kitchen he found no one in the living room to greet his return.
