 (For Sydney)

The party started early over at our friend's house that evening. He has a basement bar that rivals the size of most common establishments in the area with the noted exception that there is no tab to pay at the end of the evening and there is typically a guest room to sleep in once the festivities have wound down. Little did we know that this night, the festivities would continue on into the wee hours of the morning and see the break of dawn before we slept. Brian's place has a swimming pool and a hot tub just outside of the basement bar that provide for great poolside lounging during the afternoon, then music and cocktails in the evening, leading to an occasional dip in the hot tub right before hitting the sack. Tonight, the crowd was pretty large as it was the last night before Brian moved out of town and shut down the speak easy we had all come to love and enjoy. Plenty of couples and singles were there early in the afternoon sunning themselves by the pool and starting in on the cocktails. Most notably, there was a large number of single young women that were coming by to send Brian off to California and get one last hug from his rather built frame, no doubt to feed their fantasies later on that had been unfulfilled during their friendship with him. 

Burgers and dogs were cooking on the grill in the early evening providing a base of food for the reckless drinking that would soon ensue, just like all of the past parties we had witnessed. We met lots of new people that had come out of the woodwork to send Brian off. We knew that some of these people we would never see again and some would become our friends even when Brian was across the country making his new life. George and Mary were a young couple that we met through a friend that we really hit it off with early on in the evening. It's nice to make new couple friends that share the same "lack of filter" that we have after we have had a couple of cocktails. They had brought along a couple of Mary's girlfriends that needed a night out. One of which was Allison, a petit brunette that stood about 5'9 with curves in all the right places.

Allison was 30 years old, a professional lobbyist that was on vacation from Washington, smart as a whip, able to tend bar as well as she could talk politics. This was a delight since Brian was no where to be found, most likely behind closed doors with one of his "friends". So with Brian neglecting the bar, Allison took over and was slinging cocktails like a pro. Sydney and I spent a large portion of the evening hanging out at the bar, handling DJ duties and dancing around the basement a bit trying to get others to shake their asses along with us. You see Sydney is quite free when we are partying. She shakes off the responsibilities for the night (and the following morning) and just cuts loose to have a good time. This tends to get everyone else in party mode and the place is hopping. 

I was sitting at the bar, chatting up Allison and changing tracks while watching Sydney dance and shake with the other girls in the basement. The party was in full swing now. Allison leaned over to me and told me that Sydney really new how to dance and get a crowd moving, and that she was enjoying the show. I just agreed and grinned, knowing that I was Sydney's guy and I was proud to be there with her.

I downed a couple of rum and cokes before heading outside for a smoke. Outside, the picture was a little calmer due to the music only being played inside. I could hear the beat and knew that they were all having fun. Someone had turned on the hot tub for later and a couple of people were catching an early soak at dusk. I enjoyed my smoke with the slight buzz from the rum playing in my head and slightly numbing my lips.

On the way back into the basement I saw Sydney, still dancing, grinding hips with one of the other girls that had come to the party. Sydney is pretty good at putting on a show in my opinion (others have commented much to the same effect). I stepped back up to the computer that was playing the music and setup a few more tracks to run on autopilot while I visited and people watched. Allison leaned over and asked me if Sydney and I were planning on staying the night as she had arranged to do the same and would love to go to breakfast with us in the morning before she had to head to the airport. I took this as a sign that Allison thought that we were fun people to hang out with and might want to get to know us better.

Just about that time, Sydney ran out of the dancing energy that she has so much of, and sauntered over to the bar for a refill and some rest. Allison gladly made her a tall Kettle and Coke and offered her a stool. Sydney and I spent the next hour people watching and chatting with Allison, getting to know her. Allison was in town for a few days on business and decided to stay the weekend to hang out with friends in Atlanta. She had recently dumped a loser of a boyfriend and had decided that her career was going to be her main focus for a while. Sydney and I shared our stories with her and after much laughter and conversation, Sydney mentioned that the hot tub sounded good right about now. Allison agreed and we all went off to find some towels and suits from our overnight bags.

The crowd outside had thinned to just a few sitting on the deck and the occasional smoker wandering up onto the pool decking. I hopped in the hot tub and extended a hand to Sydney like any gentleman would. She climbed over the edge and settled into a spot right next to me with my arm around her shoulders. The music inside had started to quiet down since there was no bartender on duty anymore and the crowd was starting to thin out with only the hardcore partiers and the overnight guests remaining. Not to mention, Russ passed out in the middle of the kitchen floor upstairs. But that's another story altogether.

Allison came out to the hot tub in a towel and asked if we minded the company, to which we invited her to grab a seat and enjoy the water. She dropped her towel. Both Sydney and I were a little taken aback to see that she did not have a suit on. Not that we care about nudity, it just wasn't expected. As far as I was concerned, it matched the mental picture I had formed earlier in the evening and I was perfectly happy to to be in the hot tub with two gorgeous women. One of which happened to be naked. Allison settled into a seat next to Sydney and we started chatting again. The topics ranged from music, to places to live and work. Allison had heard from Mary that Sydney had some work done and commented on her perfect breasts. We talked about the need, and the surgery, and all the hassles but that we both are very happy with the outcome. Allison asked if it would be improper if she asked to see them since she was very curious about what they looked like uncovered. Sydney, not being shy and the hot tub being private by that time in the wee hours was happy to oblige and let Allison get a good look at them to satisfy her curiosity.

Sydney took off her top and set it on the rail of the hot tub. Allison scooted over a little bit next to Sydney and looked closely. She mentioned that there were no scars that were really visible, and she was quite surprised at how natural they looked. She also asked if she could feel them to see if they feel "real". Sydney had no problem with the request since she had heard the same request on multiple occasions and decided to let Allison check them out. Only this time, it was a little different. Allison slid around into the middle of the tub and faced Sydney, she gently cupped Sydney's breasts with both hands. She moved her hands around Sydney's breasts to feel the areolas and the nipples. Sydney's nipples almost immediately became hard and her breathing changed a little. It became slightly deeper. I recognized this as Sydney getting turned on. Allison continued to feel Sydney's breasts and realized that Sydney was leaning her head back a little and closing her eyes. Allison looked at me as if for approval, I nodded and she started to move in closer and kiss Sydney's neck. Sydney had her head fully reclined on the edge of the hot tub and her eyes were closed, I could hear faint moans from her at this point. 

Allison took one of her hands from Sydney's breast an started to rub my cock through my swimsuit. I had been rock hard for a while now and this was only adding to it. I pulled my arm out from around Sydney's shoulders and my fingers found there way to Sydney's pussy where I slipped a finger in to circle her clit. Soon after I did that, Sydney started bucking and came hard. Her eyes opened and she smiled this satisfied smile at both of us. I mentioned that we had been in the hot tub a while and perhaps we should find a more private space to continue getting to know each other better. The ladies agreed and donned towels, heading inside. By the time we got inside, the place had cleared out. Some music was still on autopilot and most of the lights had been turned down. Allison turned to Sydney and pressed her against the pool table where she leaned in and started kissing her deeply. Their breasts pressed against each other as I watched it happen. Sydney lifted herself onto the table in a sitting position and I saw my opportunity to get involved. I gently moved Allison to the side a bit and started to pull Sydney's bikini bottom off. Sydney lifted a little and let it slide down. She spread her legs, and I kneeled in front of her and flicked my tongue across her clit while Allison alternated kissing her and sucking on her hard nipples. 

It didn't take long for Sydney to succumb to the pleasure that was only possible with two skilled mouths attending to her deepest of needs. She moaned deeply and then filled the room with screams and gasps as her orgasm came and shook her core. As I looked up, Allison looked down at me and smiled. She said, "Now this is the party I hoped it would be..." and looked back into Sydney's eyes. Sydney was starting to recover from her second orgasm when I laid out the futon mattress on top of the pool table. I removed my swimsuit and helped both ladies crawl up onto the makeshift stage. Sydney laid down on her back and I licked her breasts and nipples. I straddled her chest and laid my hard cock between her tits. She instinctively squeezed them together and I started to slide my cock back and forth between her tits with the head peeking out only for her to lick it with her tongue and drive me crazy. As I felt my balls begin to strain, Sydney's face lit up and then she started to moan deeply. While Sydney and I were having our fun, Allison was watching for her opening and found it between Sydney's spread legs while I was pushing my cock between Sydney's tits. This was a first for Sydney, but she didn't seem to mind once the pleasure started to take hold of her. Allison reached up with a free hand and put a finger in my ass, massaging my prostate and controlling my orgasm. Sydney came at the same time I did. I sprayed cum all over her chest and neck while she bucked up and down beneath me. Allison was controlling us both like puppets on a string, bringing us to a simultaneous orgasm. We collapsed at that point and had to take a moment to recover.

Allison spoke up after a moment and said "I am the only one that hasn't cum yet tonight and I think it's my turn." Both Sydney and I agreed. We laid her back on the pool table and Sydney began to kiss her and suck on her nipples. I took the opportunity to put my head between Allison's legs and tongue her clit, I jumped on the opportunity knowing that Sydney might be uncomfortable eating pussy, as she had never done it before. Allison tasted sweet. Her pussy was sopping wet and shaved bare, with only a little bar of hair at the top of her clit. I inserted two fingers into Allison's pussy and finger fucked her while moved my head up for a moment and interrupted Sydney to kiss her deeply with Allison's juices on my tongue. Sydney pushed her tongue deep into my mouth and tasted our new lover's wetness. I continued to fuck Allison with my strong fingers while tonging her clit. Sydney bit her nipple and this sent her over the edge. Allison was screaming and gasping out her orgasm and I buried my face in her pussy and lapped up all of her warm juices that were flowing across my face. Allison rose off the table arching her back to the fullest and then collapsed, panting heavily. Sydney rolled over onto her back and laid next to Allison.

As the girls laid there, Sydney reached over and started to circle Allison's clit with her index finger. Allison just moaned with pleasure and writhed a bit on the table. This made got me hard again and I climbed up between Sydney's legs and teased her pussy with the head of my cock. Allison's hand found the union between my wife and I and started playing with Sydney's clit and rubbing the sides of my cock while I pressed it deep into her warm place. I stroked in and out of Sydney, she was sopping wet and I could here the mix of cock, fingers, and pussy making sucking noises. Sydney was in her own world of ecstasy, rivaled by no other experience. While I was pounding my cock into Sydney's pussy, listening to my balls slap against her ass, Allison climbed up and started to kiss me. I could taste my wife in her mouth. This drove me crazy. Sydney has seized the opportunity to start fully finger fucking Allison while she was upright and kissing me. I pounded Sydney's pussy until she exploded in a massive orgasm, sending me over the edge and pumping my cum deep into her pussy, filling her and spilling out around her edges. Allison came all over Sydney's hand and arm, soaking her to her elbow. We all collapsed on the mattress for the final time that night. I slid over and grabbed a blanket and some pillows from the closet and we all settled into a spoon with Allison between me and Sydney, my cock nestled between Allison's ass cheeks, and Allison's hand on Sydney's breast.

In the morning, we showered together with a little touchy feely play and headed to J.Christopher's for breakfast. Brian was with us and I think he may have known what went on in the basement the previous night. Allison, Sydney, and I may have seemed a bit to chummy, or maybe it was the massive grin I couldn't wipe off my face for the life of me...