 Some sisters are closer than others. I happen to like mine very much. Melody is a real estate agent. A good one, who deals mostly in high-end luxury homes and estates, but will sometimes sell smaller homes. She makes a ton of money from the sale of multi-million dollar properties. That's not why I like her, however.

For a couple years now, I've acted as an 'assistant' to her on certain transactions. These are the ones that Melody can't afford to lose and the clients are...shall we say, demanding.

It all started as kind of a joke when I asked Melody during a particularly trying sale if she had considered just sleeping with the buyer. She had not, but it stuck in her mind for some reason and she would often bring it up as an alternative. I jokingly would offer to substitute for her if the guy was good looking enough.

I'm single. I'm a photographer, so I'm not rich. But I am fairly attractive, often called 'cute' by my friends. Apparently, that's good enough for Melody.

One night when she had asked to meet me for dinner, she said, "Traci, I have a HUGE favor to ask."

I'd heard this before and it was usually something I could do quite easily.

"What is it, Mel?"

"Well, you know we've kidded about sleeping with a client," she said, stabbing at her food with a fork but not eating. "Maybe the time has come, Traci. You know I've told you about the Lincoln property that I have listed. The three million dollar one. Well, I might have a couple interested in it finally and I'd really, really like to be able to close this deal."

"So, you're going to offer yourself to the guy?"

"Not exactly," she said, peeking up at me when she said it. "I thought...maybe, you know...that maybe you could...kind of...like...be the one."

A long pause was broken by my exclamation, "Melody!"

"Shhhh. Listen to me," she said, leaning forward.

I certainly wanted to hear more and then put an end to it.

"I'd give you ten percent of my commission, Traci," she said. "All you'd have to do is meet with the man and his wife and make sure they were happy."

I was busy doing math in my head. Ten percent of Mel's commission on a three-million-dollar deal was a substantial payment to me. Like, a year's income.

"Define 'happy,'" I said.

"Whatever they want."

"As in sex?" I asked.

"If that's what they want."

"They? Both of them?"

Melody shrugged. "You'll be meeting with both of them. I don't know what they'll want. You should be prepared for anything."

I said, "So, did you tell them, 'I'm sending my whore sister over. Do as you please?'"

"I said, 'I have an assistant who would be more than happy to meet with you privately and answer any questions you might have about the property.'"

I already had an image of this in my mind.

"What does he look like?"

Melody's face brightened and she said, "Traci, I think you'll be pleasantly surprised. His name's Tony. He's in his fifties. Really good looking. And his wife is a trophy. She's maybe forty. Real cute."

"And where does this take place?" I asked.

"Their current home in Lakeside."

"Ten percent?"

"Yes," she said.

"Make it fifteen."

"Jesus, Traci," Melody moaned. Then, after a long delay, she said, "OK. Fifteen."

She gave me some details of the property for sale and promised to send me the brochure later. She didn't think Tony would be asking me for details. That was kind of what I was afraid of. But the commitment had been made and I was anxious to see it through for the money, if nothing else.

I asked her what I should wear.

"You know that black dress you have? The one with the thin straps and plunging neckline? That one."

Of course, the one that only went half way down my thighs and clung a little too much to my butt, I thought. Nothing said 'Buy this house' like cleavage and the outline of my ass.

Melody completed the arrangements the next day and the day after that I had an appointment at Tony's house at nine o'clock at night. God, I was nervous. I must have checked myself in the mirror a dozen times before leaving. My lack of a bra was a bit too obvious in my opinion, but the dress was never meant to be worn over a bra. I swiped my hands across my ass without effect. It was going to show no matter what I did.

Reluctantly, I began the fifteen minute drive to the lavish neighborhood of Lakeside. 'Why would anybody want to leave this place?' I thought to myself as my phone app directed me to the mansion. I pulled into the long driveway, took a deep breath, and walked to the front door.

It opened soon after I pushed the button for the chime. A tall, handsome, obviously Italian man smiled broadly and welcomed me in by name. He accompanied me down a hall, around a corner, and into a fabulous great room. An elegant woman in a dress that made mine look like a K-Mart special, strode towards me.

"Traci, this is my lovely wife Angela," Tony said.

She was all of that. I kept thinking of the term exotic as I looked at her. Dark eyebrows perfectly drawn; dark eyes; high cheekbones; and, a body to die for in a stylish dress.

"Hello. I'm very glad to meet you," I said.

"Welcome. It was so nice of Melody to arrange this," Angela replied. "Please come sit down."

I was still admiring the artwork and accessories in the room when Tony brought each of us a glass of what I'm sure was very expensive wine. My hosts sat on a couch and I was in a chair opposite them, trying to keep the hem of my dress from ending up at my waist. We chatted about my photography and Tony's software design company. I'm pretty sure Angela didn't work. I didn't ask.

It didn't take long, however, for her to do the job she was tasked with on that evening. She rose from the couch and walked over to me, extending her hands in an invitation...or an order...for me to stand. I did and she kept my hands in hers.

"We're extremely interested in Melody's property," Angela said in a flawless voice. "Tony and I suggested to her that one additional perk would most likely assure our purchase. She immediately mentioned you and we agreed. I hope you'll understand the importance of this get-together tonight."

So, I was a 'perk.' My problem with the term went away as soon as I remembered the fifteen percent.

"I understand," I said quietly.

Angela ran a finger up the inside of my dress, along the inside edge of one of my tits. She traced it around the top until meeting the dress, and then back down, very slightly pushing the dress aside as she went. She never exposed my nipple.

"Excellent," she said. "Tony and I would like your participation in a little activity we have long talked about."

Angela traced the other tit. My nipples began to poke against the fabric of the dress. She leaned forward and I knew immediately she was going to kiss me. Damn, she was beautiful and I let her luscious lips fall lightly upon mine.

I'd never kissed a woman before that wasn't a relative and this was the first kiss on the lips. It was nice. Angela opened her mouth and our tongues met rather naturally. She put a hand on my hair and pulled me closer. I was almost disappointed when she began to kiss my neck and shoulder. Then I saw her draw the dress strap to the side and continue kissing.

A shudder went through my body. The strap fell down my arm and Angela kissed lower, onto my chest along the material of the dress. She was at the top of my tit on that side.

Something made me glance over at Tony and I saw him rubbing his crotch. Jesus, what was I getting into? Whatever it was, there was no getting out.

Angela's lips were on my tit. She licked me. She pushed the dress aside and I watched as my erect nipple came into view. Angela moved down and ran her tongue across it. My entire body quivered as she put it between her lips and sucked on it. The whole of my tit was now exposed and Angela was sucking on it more intensely.

Tony had unzipped his pants. I saw him pull out a very long and hard cock. With Angela working over my tit, he began to stroke his erection.

Angela pulled down the other strap and let the dress lay open down to my waist. She sucked both tits in succession and my nipples felt like they were going to explode. More distressing than that was the fact I felt it clear down to my pussy. This woman knew what she was doing and I'm pretty sure her husband had seen it all before.

By the time Angela's hand moved behind me to my ass, nothing was surprising me. I felt her grip my cheek through the dress. Then the hand moved down, found the bottom of the dress, and slid up the back of my thigh until resting again on my panties and ass.

We kiss...passionately...as my lust for her was growing by the minute. I dared not touch her until I knew she wanted me to. I let her lead and her next step was to pull down my dress and let it fall to the floor. I'm proud of my body, but I don't let total strangers stare at it every day. I had a strange sense of vanity in letting these two people do just that.

Angela ran her hands over my chest, down my abdomen, and onto my pussy. She pressed harder against my panties and rubbed me. I think I either gasped or just took in a sudden breath at the first feel of her fingers on my clit. Her hand slid inside the panties and I was wet. Angela slid two fingers inside me and I bit my lip. She moved up to my clit and I definitely moaned out loud.

She took off my panties and I was naked in the middle of the room. Tony was still stroking his rock hard cock.

"Go to him," she said softly. "Take off his clothes."

God, I felt vulnerable. Tony stared at me as if he was already fucking me in his head. I was sure I felt Angela's eyes on my ass when I strode towards Tony. I moved between his legs and bent over to remove his shirt. He offered no help. When I got it off I saw a nicely firm chest with a light covering of dark hair. I went to take off his pants, with his cock still sticking up like a pole out of the fly. I managed to do it and Tony was naked on the couch in front of me.

"Come here, Traci," he said calmly, his arms extended.

I climbed onto his lap with his cock just in front of me. Tony pulled me closer and took a tit into his mouth. He was just as proficient as his wife in driving me crazy with his tongue and lips. He sucked on both tits while his hands caressed my ass.

"I want you to turn and face Angela," he told me. 

I obeyed, but he held me by the hips so that as I settled back down, I was directly above his cock. His intent was very clear. I waited for him to have the head of the cock in place, and then I lowered myself onto it.

Oh my God, it felt so good as the massive cock slid inside me. I stared at Angela the entire time. She had taken my seat and was watching us. She spread her legs and lifted her dress. As I began to bob up and down on Tony's cock, Angela removed her panties. With the dress around her waist, she slowly began to masturbate.

Tony reached for my tits and kneaded them roughly while we fucked. Angela rubbed herself a little faster and slouched back in the chair. She had long, lean legs with silky smooth skin. She clearly could have any man, or woman, she wanted.

Tony began to pound into me with more force. When he wasn't holding them, my tits bounced as I rode his cock. It was a new position for me involving the thickest cock I'd ever had and it all added up to an impending orgasm. But I knew I had to wait for Tony. God, it felt so good.

The expression on Angela's face told me she was close, too. I saw fingers disappear into her pussy and she drove her hips up to meet her hand.

Behind me, I heard Tony mutter, "You're so tight, Traci. I want to fuck you all night."

I was flattered, but I couldn't last much longer. If I had touched my clit right then, I would have screamed out in a climax.

Luckily, I heard unmistakable sounds of Tony getting ready to cum. He held me tight by the waist. I rode him faster.

"Oh God, yes! Yes, Traci! Yessssss!"

He slammed his cock into me, held it in place, and poured cum into my pussy. I squeezed my pussy around his cock and he came again and again. His cum combined with my juices and leaked onto my thighs while he fucked me harder. I thought he would never stop, but it felt wonderful.

Tony was still hard when he finally collapsed into the chair and patted my ass. I lifted myself off of him.

That's when I saw Angela motion for me to come to her.

I walked over and she lifted off her dress. She was magnificent in her nudity. Perfect breasts matched her hourglass figure and inviting pussy.

"Lick me, Traci. Make me cum."

I wondered if she knew it was my first time when I kneeled down between her legs. I wondered if she knew how much I wanted to eat her out and make her cum.

I kissed my way up the inside of Angela's thigh to her pussy. It was carefully shaven except for a patch of dark hair above the clit. I kissed the opening to her pussy and tasted the sweet juice. I licked it for the first time and quickly buried my tongue inside her. She lifted her ass to meet my tongue and I stuck it inside her as far as I could. But I knew what she wanted—the same thing I also wanted from a man.

I found her clit.

Angela cried out, "Oh, yes! Traci. Right there!"

I never left that spot until she came. I licked it and sucked on it. I felt her body quivering right before she finally shrieked in climax. I held on to her the best I could, never losing touch with the swollen clit. She came over and over, crying out with glee the longer I worked on her clit.

When she tried to crawl away from me, I stopped. But she pulled me up and placed my face on her tits, which I eagerly sucked. Then she said, "Give me your pussy, Traci."

I climbed onto the chair and she slid down. With my pussy above her mouth, she began to give me the identical treatment I had just given her. I swear it didn't take a whole minute before I was cumming in waves. Never had I felt anything like Angela's tongue stabbing at my clit and plunging into my pussy. I was exhausted by the time I was finished.

Melody sold the property to Tony and Angela and nobody was happier than me. It was a successful beginning to a business relationship that we promised each other would last as long as clients had the need for it.

Three months later, such a client became known. Melody didn't usually do commercial properties, but a small strip mall became available and she took the listing. It was a large sum of money. My share would be as much I made in ten years.

When she contacted me about it, the potential buyers were a group of investors. She didn't tell me how many were in the group. She simply asked if I was available, if necessary, to 'convince' the lead investor she dealt with to buy it. I said 'Sure.'

Melody said he was an older man, perhaps in his early sixties. It sounded easy to me. I was twenty-eight. If I couldn't seduce a sixty-year-old man, I needed to hang it up.

I was told to meet Joe Hastings on a Friday night at a small warehouse where he had offices. Melody said to dress casually. I wore a V-neck shirt and jeans.

It was a decent neighborhood, so I didn't complain about the after-dark arrangements. When I arrived, the parking lot was much more filled with cars than I expected, but I found a spot and walked up to the address I was given. I rang the bell and waited.

Joe let me in and took me into the front office, just inside the door. The door into the warehouse was closed.

"Thank you for coming, Traci," Joe said in a pleasant voice. "Melody said you were cute and she was not mistaken."

"Thank you," I said with a faint blush.

"I don't want to keep you waiting, Traci, so if you would, please put on this blindfold."

He handed me a large blindfold that would offer absolutely no sight in any direction if they were tight enough. They were tight enough. I was truly blind.

"Very good," I heard Joe say. "Now, I'm going to lead you into the next room."

He took my hand. Joe opened a door in front of us and we walked for many yards in what sounded like a very large empty space. Our shoes echoed the entire way until Joe stopped us. I could have been mistaken, but I thought I heard a whisper or something to indicate at least one other person was there.

Joe told me, "Please take off all your clothes, Traci."

Oh, shit. Here we go again, except I couldn't see a thing and didn't know how many people were looking at me. I nervously pulled off my shirt. Then my jeans. I couldn't hear anything new. I reached back and unhooked my bra. I pulled the straps down and let it fall away. The whispering sound came again. I took off my panties. Another murmur.

Joe let me stand there for what seemed like the longest time, but it was only seconds. He took my hand again and led me a few steps to the side.

"Traci, I have an agreement with Melody that I would offer you an opportunity to leave us at this point if you wish. Do you wish to stay or leave?" Joe asked.

I assumed, rightly or not, that Melody would have warned me if real danger lie ahead.

"I'll stay," I said with a slight tremor in my voice.

"Excellent," he said. "Give me your right hand."

I extended it out and he raised it above my shoulder. I felt soft handcuffs clamp around it. He did the same with the other hand.

Fuck. I was shackled in front of God knows how many people, naked, without a clue of what would happen. Next time I would be getting twenty percent, I told myself.

The next thing I heard frightened me. It came from behind and a little to my side and was the unmistakable hum of a small motor. Like...a vibrator. It came nearer in conjunction with footsteps. It passed by my side and sounded to be in front of me. My muscles tensed involuntarily.

Then I gasped and winced from head to toe when I felt it on my right nipple. At first it was just the sensation of something on my body when I wasn't expecting it, but then the pulsation of the hard plastic took effect. The vibrator began to circle my nipple in ever-larger orbits around my breast. Soon, it was back on my swollen nipple being pressed harder. I squirmed without any means of escaping it.

It moved to my other tit. I felt jolts all the way down to my pussy and my breathing turned fast and loud. A moment later the vibrator was inching its way down my body to my navel. My stomach. My waist.

'God, no. Don't let it go there,' I wanted to cry out loud. But I remained silent except for the sighs I could not repress as the device skimmed down the inside of my thigh and back up. Closer and closer. Then it paused and I heard the motor grow louder; the pulsing more intense.

I tried to move away from it but my restraints wouldn't permit it. The vibrator was between my legs, moving up from the base of my ass to the opening of my pussy. It rested for only a second before continuing up. The moment it made contact with my clit I let out an audible moan.

It stopped there and sent a continuous stream of tremors deep into my body.

"No. No!" I screamed.

"What is it, Traci? Do you need to cum?" Joe asked.

The vibrator slid just a fraction of an inch in every direction as it hovered over my clit.

"No!"

"I think you do," Joe said. "I think you want to cum for us."

I gripped the handcuffs in the agony of feeling my body move ever so close to an orgasm I refused to have in front of whatever crowd there was. Then I felt lips on my right tit while the vibrator continued to press against my clit.

"Stop! Please, stop!" I cried out.

Joe's mouth came off my tit and he said, "Tell us you want to cum, Traci. Just tell us and we'll let you."

"No!"

I felt his lips on my breast again, but this time his teeth clenched my nipple and I shrieked. I wanted him to stop. I wanted the vibrator inside me. I wanted to cum, but couldn't make myself say it.

"Tell us, Traci. Beg us to let you cum."
