 Some of this will be a bit confusing without having read part one, but the erotic activities pretty much can stand on their own. If you are upset about wives engaging in sexual activities with men not their husbands, please stop reading. Also, unprotected sex with unknown partners is just plain stupid. This is pure fantasy.

***

Bill sat back down after reviewing all the latest developments over at 35th, the company's newest datacenter. He hoped his accounting was complete. His report glossed over pretty much any personal involvement rather stressing how so many of his co-workers and employees stepped up. He even extolled Cal's and Eric's involvement with procurement, getting great pricing and expedited shipping. His left brain was in full control of the entire presentation which was fortuitous since whenever his right brain was tapped into, he felt the resurgence of pain on being reminded how his wife had lied to him and betrayed him.

"I'm impressed," Ed Ripkin stood up and looked around the room, "We're impressed. Frankly, we had doubts anyone could pull this off by the end of the year, but here it is October and, well, we were wrong. You've been putting in very long hours." He looked down at his pad of paper before looking up at the young man, "Averaging 71 hours per week. Initially I thought a nice bonus check would be the perfect reward, but Henry over there was thinking of more. So, if you accept, we'd like to make you Vice President of IT Operations. James is heading over to that telecom company we all love, so there's an opening. Of course, there will be quite a bit more in your paycheck, a better office." He grinned, obviously having a sudden thought, "In fact, we freed up the corner office next to Cal's, so you two can work more closely together." He looked at Bill, "So, can I give the go ahead to have facilities put your name on the door?"

Bill stood up, feeling a thousand feelings and thoughts rushing through him, "Um, yes. I'm sorry, I was definitely not prepared for this. I expected a handshake and perhaps another impossible project, but yes. I'd love to take on this new role." He shook Ed's hand seeing Cal's blue eyes. 

"My son actually was the one who initially recommended you. I should give him a bonus, but hell, you did the work." He reached inside his pocket and pulled out an envelope. "Here, take your wife to the Caribbean or Bali. Hell, get away for two weeks on us and enjoy yourselves. I'm thinking after all the hours you've out in, you may need to get to know each other again." 

Bill looked at the check and grinned, "Thank you so much. This honestly is unexpected. I was just a part of great effort by everyone involved, but..." He stopped and handed it back, "Look, I'm grateful, but can you please distribute this among the team? It truly was their work and long hours that made this happen. My role was more of being an irritating nag." He thought a second, "In fact there were 12 key members that come to mind. Please give $2,000 to each of them and I'll be thrilled with the remaining $1,000."

Ed stepped back and put up his hands, "You can't be serious, though I see you are." He looked around the room, "Ok, give me all their names and I'll make sure every one gets $2,000, but only if you decide to cash this entire check and head to the beach." Ed pressed the button on the intercom, "Aurora, can you tell the guys to move Bill Lincroft's stuff into his new office? Thanks." He looked at Bill, "I guess I don't have to repeat the maxim I tell all my managers, 'The employees always come first.' Really good to know. By the way, I need to take you down and introduce you to your executive assistant. She's incredible."

**************************************

Bill headed down the hall tying to make sense of everything. He just got Cal and Eric bonuses even though they'd been fucking his wife. He'd been planning on confronting them at the penthouse, confronting his wife, but then how would he explain letting it happen in the first place, acting last month as if Linda were a total stranger. He looked at the CEO, Cal's father, and decided he'd now have to play along, or he'd be blowing the opportunity of a lifetime. He wondered if 33 were the youngest VP ever here. Linda pointed out she was the youngest to make top sales rep at her company at 29. He felt a sharp pain in his stomach wondering how much her apparent willingness played into her attaining that, then he had a sudden image of his wife, naked on a desk closing a sale. He pushed his thoughts back and turned on his left brain hearing Mr. Ripkin introducing him to his EA.

"I'm really pleased to meet you Aurora. You'll have to bear with me at first, perhaps help me with my new position." He looked at the pretty redhead smiling at him. Very pretty. Perfectly dressed for business, but he could envision she'd had her share of propositions here at work. Had he not been hap...he almost thought happily married, but had a quick mental check...he'd be tempted.

"Mr. Lincroft, all your things are being brought over now, so you'll be set up in your new office in no time." She looked down at her laptop, "Don't forget you have a meeting with Steve in 30 minutes and later I see you're meeting Carl Ripkin over at the penthouse at 6." She looked quizzically at Mr. Ripkin, but didn't ask.

Ed slapped Bill on the shoulder, "I've never been to one of Cal's get-togethers, but it's a good sign that he invited you. You'll have to tell me what goes on there, poker? Watching sports? Girls? I know the liquor bill pretty well, so I'd suggest calling an Uber to get back tonight." As Ed turned to head back to his office, "Oh, remind Cal we got that for entertaining clients, so perhaps this time he'll have invited someone outside of the company."

"Actually, he's meeting with the sales rep for Nuxaware. I heard Cal's ordering licenses for all the servers in the other data centers." Aurora turned to Bill, "Come to think of it, it's a good thing you're invited over. Now that you're VP of IT, perhaps you'd like to have input." 

Bill had a sudden feeling of panic, he couldn't be involved in the purchase as that would definitely be a conflict of interest. He didn't want to appear weak or wishy-washy by declining. He thought a second, "Sure, however no way am I stepping on toes that have already gone down this path. I'm happy with the software over on 35th, so whatever was decided is fine. I'm sure I'll have a ton of catching up to do as it is."

**************************************

"Mr. Lindcroft, you might want to head over to the penthouse." Aurora stood in the doorway.

"Bill, please. Sure. I just need a couple of things finished up." He responded, "Head home. You are not going to be one of those EAs who never leaves before the boss, are you?"

"I am one of those, but if you tell me I'm no longer needed, I'll head home, but I really enjoy my job and if I can be useful..." 

"Got it, let's see how fast I get up to speed, but I require just one thing from you. Total honesty. If you see me making a dumb decision or if I'm overlooking something, I need you to tell me. Actually, that is what you need to say, 'Bill, that's just dumb, Ok?" He looked at the girl to ensure she understood, "Also, if we're working late and you have to get home or if you have a date, or whatever. Tell me." He looked around, "What we do is important, but your personal life comes first. I really mean that."

"Thanks, um Bill. Ok, I'll say it." She looked up momentarily, "I see the ring. It's your call, but Cal's meetings at the penthouse are not really a place a married man might want to go." She paused, "Actually, the word I would have used is stupid. Going over there is a really stupid idea." She blushed and looked down.

"Thank you. Close the door and have a seat. I'm gathering you're not repeating gossip and have first-hand knowledge." Bill said.

"Yes sir, I mean Bill." She blushed harder, "Cal and Eric Walters, not sure you know him, anyhow, they offered to show me and a couple of the other EAs the penthouse. It seemed totally legit since we've often had to book meetings in the evenings there for our bosses. I didn't see anything actually happen because I left early, but Susan and Cheryl both apparently spent the night with Cal and Eric. They didn't attempt to coerce me or anything, but they sure kept filling our drinks and discussing how much fun they have there. It is an impressive place, but I'm not sure they use it for actual business much." She looked up at Bill, "Look, I'm not saying this is how it always is, but you know how you recognize a routine? A planned out set of seduction steps...that was what I saw and felt there. Susan called in sick the next day but Cheryl looked like she got no sleep. I hope I'm wrong because Susan's husband is a great guy."

"Thank you. I suspected as much. Apparently, there's a sales rep coming over, a female sales rep. I'll probably leave early. I'm not into that sort of thing. I appreciate you telling me this. Oh, Cheryl and Susan. They're ok, aren't they? I mean, they weren't forced or anything?"

"No, absolutely not. Both told me it was the hottest night they'd ever had. In fact, Susan told me she dropped hints, but she's never been invited back. I guess once they've 'been there, done that' they move on. I've been there, but not having been done, they've hinted I'd be welcome back." She finished off softly looking at the floor.

"Must be great to be young, single and have money. I was going to ask you along, you know to take notes..." Bill grinned at the girl, "Kidding. Go home. Do something fun."

"I would have come with you had you asked, but I will head home. My boyfriend has been talking about the new Mexican place over on Spring Street. See you Monday."

Bill watched Aurora open the door and head out. He played out how he was going to deal with Linda. It's hard to blame Cal and Eric. They'd be fools to pass up a chance to fuck a woman as beautiful as Linda, but Linda...how long? How many men? How could she unabashedly lie right to his face? He idly wondered how they're going to split the possessions. The husband loses every time, but how can he stay married? He shuddered feeling a sharp pain in his stomach imagining those perfect lips wrapped around another man's cock, someone else enjoying that tight pussy. He looked at his watch. 6:03. 'Oh well, fashionably late. Time to get it over with.'

**************************************

"Bill, come on in, we were just sitting down to watch the video I made. Wait until you see her naked. If you tell me you've ever seen a better body, we'll know you're lying. What are you drinking?" Cal asked as he turned and led Bill into the living room.

"Hey guys, we have a quorum. Congratulations are in order. Bill is the new VP of IT Operations. Do we have to call you Mr. Lindcroft? Sir? Your Highness?"

Bill laughed, "Come on, you know it's 'Your Excellency.' Shit, I really hope no one seems to mistake the title with who I am. Anyhow, nice place you have here."

Bill looked around. The entire top floor of the Reynolds building. 75" screen just brightening up, leather sectionals with recliners. He saw a full bar off to the side, fully stocked wine cellar. Behind him was a kitchen twice the size of Linda's and his, even though they had a 6,000+ square foot house. He looked down the hall and saw a few doors on each side and a king size bed in what was apparently the master bedroom. His stomach clenched thinking that was where Cal tossed his wife before impaling her every hole. He went over to the bar and grabbed a pale ale before sitting down as the video started up.

"Whoop! There she is." Eric yelled, "Watch this."

Bill watched as Linda was led in, Cal's hand on her lower back. As she shrugged off her jacket, he took it and tossed it on the back of the sectional closest to the door and as he turned around Linda had dropped her skirt reinforcing what he already knew, she had foregone panties. Her silk blouse soon followed as there were just two buttons left to undo. He saw both men stand there, eyes scanning her flawless body.

"I told you. Watch when she crouches down and blows Cal, look at that ass." 

He watched as Linda wasted no time undoing Cal's belt, yanking down his pants and boxers, her hands reaching for his pulsing cock. Bill looked around the room to verify the camera locations and found them, all cleverly hidden. He looked back at the screen and was happy to see Cal's cock was no bigger than his. Linda seemed to like it though, staring at it as she stroked it to life. Then looked up at him, her eyes focusing on his as she pushed her face against that rigid cock. She gently kept pulling out and pushing in farther. In no time her lips were pressed against his trimmed pubes and Cal's face went blank and he was audibly moaning.

"I'm hard again just remembering her deep-throating me, her throat swallowing around my dick." He stared at the screen.

Linda finally pulled back and began plunging her mouth onto the cock, one hand gripping Cal's ass and the other stroking his balls. It wasn't long before Eric came over, his cock was out and pressed against her cheek. 'Holy fuck! Eric wasn't lying.' Bill thought. His cock was huge and pointing at the ceiling. She slurped Cal's cock out of her mouth and gripped it with her left hand while turning her attention to Eric's fat sausage on the right. He heard her apologize for not taking care of this on the way over, then she gripped it, licking the entire shaft before wrapping her lip around it, just part way in at first. Bill wondered if she could possibly get all that in her mouth, but found himself cheering her on along with the three other guys watching. 

"No way, not a chance." Cliff yelled, "Oh my God, I don't believe it."

Bill was amazed, and actually proud to see that Linda was able to take in that entire mass of flesh when her lips smashed against Eric's cleanly shaven crotch. He couldn't believe how far back she had to pull her head before sucking that massive cock back in. He could see Cal's eyes watch Linda's breasts bounce with every bobbing of her head. Finally, in apparent frustration, he bent down and picked her up off the floor, extracting Eric's cock from her throat, and spun around. "Sorry, I need her now." He said. 

"OK, now that was just plain rude. She just got started on me in the back seat, then, I'm in heaven..." Eric laughed, "But, as a guest I need to be gracious." He turned back to the screen, hearing Cal chuckle.

The next scene showed Cal coming into the master bedroom, throwing Linda on the bed, eliciting a squealing giggle from her. Cal didn't lie, Linda bounced on the bed and splayed her legs wide open, seemingly inviting the man to do whatever he wanted.

Bill looked around and saw huge tents in everyone's pants, in fact, he was realizing as angry he felt, he was also getting hard. It was almost exciting seeing a beautiful woman give herself freely. He just wished it weren't his wife.

"Look at that cunt! Have any of you ever seen anything that beautiful? Look at how smooth it is. So fucking tight..."

The men all watched as Cal dove between her legs, face pressed against her twat. They watched as Eric entered the frame, his jutting cock bouncing upwards, looking unnaturally large, as if it were photoshopped.

Bill had never seen Linda writhe around in pleasure as much as she was with Cal eating her out. He saw her reach over and grab Eric's cock and pull him right into her mouth where he instantly climbed on top of her, his cock aimed down her throat and began fucking her face. Bill was stunned seeing anyone fuck a girl's face like that, but Linda made no move to stop him. He could see her gullet expand as that plump rod drove in and out of her throat. He looked back at Cal who had pushed her legs up He hadn't say anything earlier about licking her ass, but it was obvious that was what he was doing. Linda was grinding back against him, her pelvis thrusting, one hand on Cal's head, the other gripping Eric's flexing ass.

"Wait for it. I'm about to explode down her throat." Eric said breathing hard.

Just as Bill saw Eric arch his back, obviously cumming down his wife's throat, Linda's throat swallowing rapidly, his damn cell phone went off. "Hang on." He said softly into the phone as he muted it and headed into the kitchen, "Sorry, watching a movie. This is Bill." He headed deeper into the kitchen hearing the grunts from the video. He looked back and the three men didn't even notice he'd left. He saw Cal try to push his cock into Linda's pussy and heard a satisfying groan when he popped in. He finally found a pantry with an attached office where he was able to focus on the issue and not fear they'd hear the noises from the video. A lost shipment, the datacenter manager had a crew there and no delivery. Soon, he was absorbed in trying to find out where the shipment went and was making call after call. 

He looked around the small office and saw a cabinet with recording equipment. Feeling in his pocket he found a thumb drive and popped it in. "Yes, we can wait. It would have been nice as we have people in this weekend, but they'll be happy to have the weekend off. Ok, I'll hold." He found a control panel, easily found the date he wanted and pressed sync. "That's great, I think that's more than fair. Sure. I appreciate it." 56 Gb. Huge amount of video, but not even half the space on the drive. He looked and saw today's date and redirected to the USB port. "Yes, that's the address. Ok. I'll look forward to that."

He just finished up having found that the shipment went across town and he arranged that it would be delivered to 35th first thing Monday morning when he heard the door bell. He closed the cabinet with all the recording equipment feeling smug he'd have everything he needs, if or when he called a lawyer, He heard the TV turn to a football game and the door being opened. He looked at his watch, 7:05. That would be Linda. He was finalizing the call and just about to walk out to the kitchen when he heard Linda's voice. She sounded all business, not like some party girl, which made him pause. He put down the phone and heard Cal and Linda talking softly as they entered the kitchen.

"Ok, I'm here. You said you had something for me. I have a company thing I have to get to by 8, but you said it would be worth it for me to get here by 7. So, what's up? Good to see you again, by the way." He heard Linda say. He heard rustling which had to be hugging.

"Are you sure you can't stay? I do have something to make it worth your while, but please have a drink and sit with us." More sounds of clothing rustling...

"Stop it, I thought you would have memorized these last time." Bill heard what had to be kissing eliciting a low moan from Linda, then an abrupt end, "Cal, what we did a few weeks ago was a one-time thing and I'm sorry I got carried away, but I am not like that. Did you invite others over telling them how easy I was?"

"I might have mentioned it. Come on, you were thrilled."

"You can't invite your friends over to fuck me. I am not doing a foursome with you and...Christ, I forgot his name."

"Cliff. Actually, I don't know where he went, but there's four of us. I'm not following, maybe I misread you, but you couldn't have enough cock last time." He heard Cal say.

"Can I be honest? You two are the first clients I let fuck me. I've been really good at closing sales on their own, but in some cases, I've had to seal the deal with a bit of flirting and flashing, but I saw that no way were you and Eric going to settle for that." Linda said softly, "I am under a lot of pressure to close sales, so I decided I'd go further to make this sale happen. This once. Believe me when I tell you that was completely out of character. I heard the things you were telling me, things I should have shut down, but I was enjoying the flirting even when you got more graphic. I finally resigned myself to go that extra mile to close the deal. I'm a pretty good cock-sucker and I planned on just sucking both of you off, signing the contract and heading home. I've had to live with that. I lied to my boyfriend about why I was out all night, I doubt he believed me, but I can't be doing this anymore. I don't like lying to someone I love."
