 I barely remember the night before, with the sensation of getting silly and crazy, and the bartender laughing his head off, presumably about my typical drunken foolishness. I then lost all sense of time, and eventually consciousness itself, dozing off into a drunken sleep.

I must have slept for a good 6 hours, or so, before I felt something on my cock, surrounding it, and I panicked, waking up to find out what was trapping my manhood. 

There was Jessie, the hot, sultry waitress from the bar, sucking me off, in what I assumed to be her bed. I could not believe that this babe had taken me to her place, in my drunken state, instead of having me arrested or just calling a cab.

Here she was, obviously enjoying herself, and I realized that she had brought me home precisely so she could use me this way.

"Jessie?"

"Jessie, as always."

"I thought that you live with Paul (the bartender)."

"I do. We are live-in partners."

"So are you swingers, or are you cheating on him right now?"

"Relax. Paul and I have a deal. We are allowed to bring drunk patrons home from the bar, and have our way with them, whatever their sex, but we are only allowed to fuck our patrons- the drunk ones, that is."

"So, how long have you been sucking my cock?"

"Ever since I woke up, about 2 hours ago."

"Wow, that's a long time to give anyone a blowjob! Aren't your jaws tired?"

"Not really, because Paul and I have been taking turns with it."

I turned pale at this point- had I revealed, in my drunken state, that I am bisexual? I guessed by now that Paul is bi, but what made him think that I would be cool with it, or did he just not care?

"Paul sucked my dick too?"

"Yes, and you didn't seem to mind it so much, Dan."

"Yes, well, I am ..."

"Bisexual?"

"Yes, that's right- bisexual."

"Yeah, it kinda became obvious after a while."

"Did it?"

"You didn't even notice any difference at all, between my mouth and his."

"I see."

"You also sucked his cock, and ate my pussy."

"I did?"

"Yeah, and I must admit that you are a damn good pussy-eater, not to mention cock-sucker."

"I am?"

"Certainly, I came twice to your oral attentions, plus once when you rimmed my asshole."

"I tossed your salad?"

"Yes, and you were fantastic at it, really going for my pucker."

"I was?"

"Yeah, and Paul came into your mouth at least once."

"He did?"

"Yes, he certainly did. You just swallowed it all up, and gulped it down like milk."

"Well, I guess that I should cum soon, get my stuff, and head for home."

"Not on your life, buddy! I still haven't been fucked in my pussy with that nice, thick cock of yours, and I also need it badly in my ass, as does Paul. We are planning to enjoy you all day long, and then we'll let go you home! I mean, seriously, do you really have better plans for a Sunday?"

"Not really, but I wasn't expecting that you'd still be hungry for my cock after enjoying it for 2 straight hours."

"Well, I am very hungry for it, and especially for your cum, so just relax and accept that you are going to get fucked all day long!"

"My dick will be pretty sore after that."

"I don't care, neither does Paul, and, frankly, neither do you. Isn't that right? You will take a little soreness if it comes from plenty of wild sex, won't you?"

"You got me on that point. So, do you have any preferences about being fucked?"

"Just fuck us, thoroughly, as hard as we need it. I really like it rough, wearing me out. Paul likes it that way as well."

"Alright, so I will fuck both of you all day long. Shouldn't I bathe or shower first?"

"We actually bathed you this morning- got you nice and clean. I brushed your teeth, and Paul shaved your face."

"Wow, that's rather a pleasant surprise! So, are you just going to keep sucking me until I cum, or did you have some other plan?"

"I'm gonna get you stiff, and then I will straddle your fine phallus, taking it for a nice, long ride. I want you to cum in my pussy, with plenty of jizz to knock me up."

"You mean that you're not on the pill?"

"Nope, because I want to get pregnant by whomever gets there first! I like the idea of a competition to impregnate me, with sperm from various men fighting over the chance."

"Paul is cool with this?"

"Certainly, because he wants me to be pregnant, so he can at last fuck a preggo. That's been a fantasy of his for a while, and it while be fulfilled soon, I hope. He will claim the child, to encourage men to knock me up."

"He'd bring up a child that he knew wasn't his, and say it is anyway?"

"Absolutely. He is sterile, due to some accident aboard a nuclear sub in the Navy, so any child would have to belong to someone else."

"Okay, well, in that case, I'm ready at any moment now."

"Good, 'cause I think it's time to ride you, buddy."

With that, she stopped sucking me, leaving a vacuum around my cock, which she soon filled with her pussy, tightening it around my penis for a while to get it worked up.

Meanwhile, Paul, practically out of nowhere, it seemed, appeared, and started penetrating Jessie's rectum. She flinched for a second from the immediate, intense pain, but she didn't let that stop her from taking it all inside her, as deeply as she could. 


She kept riding me excitedly, moving up and down on my pole, while her boyfriend really let her have it anally. I could tell that she was in Paradise, or so was my impression of it.

"Oh, Paul, Dan, both of you- you're fucking splitting me! I feel like I'm getting probed from both ends, and I simply love it!"

"You are getting probed from both ends, so just enjoy it!", I found myself saying to her.

"Oh, fucking A! I need this, I really need this- thanks, guys! Your cocks are buried so far inside me now, that I feel ready to die from the sheer input! Oh, God!"

She was crying by now, but her wet pussy belied her apparent sadness. The pain was irrelevant now, and her body was just quaking from the effects of the penetration. Soon, she was breaking out into a sweat.

She just continued, relentlessly, taking my cock inside her energetically, until it was too much for her, and she just came from the results of getting DP'd. Her anal sweat drenched Paul's dick, and her vaginal fluids covered mine. 

She couldn't help herself, because the excitement got to her, and she abruptly tightened further around my penis, until it forced me to cum inside her cunt, and Paul, sensing this, let off his spunk as well. This may have been sooner than she had planned to get us off, but she had succeeded in bringing us to orgasm.

Jessie looked down at Paul and me, saying, "Sorry, guys- I bet you wanted a longer DP, but it just got me worked up, and I just had to let go. Are we okay?"

"Quite, my dear.", Paul answered.

At that, Jessie begged Paul and me to switch places, so she could feel my cock up her ass and his in her pussy. We gladly obliged her, and I found that her tight end was especially sweet and warm around my member.

Rarely is a butt that exquisitely hot and inviting to a cock, as Jessie's was that day. My phallus was burrowed deep inside her, and she groaned a delightful noise, as if to tell me that I was welcome to use her asshole as forcefully as I pleased.

I took her up on that offer for sure, reaming her out with gusto, which pressed her downward onto Paul, and that excited both of them.

"Oh, Dan, your dick is fucking my ass so well- I can't help but get aroused at the stuffing of my sphincter! Please, keep fucking as long as it pleases you- it's yours for today!"

I was especially turned-on after that, and I went after her ass with full force now, slamming it ruthlessly as she squealed, "More cock in my ass, please! Yes, Dan, fuck my ass that way- fuck it ferociously! Pound my ass! Oh, God, yes, Dan- I love this, I just want more of it! More of your cock, please, Dan!"

"Wow, Jessie, you really love it that way- rough and hard, don't you? Are you a butt-slut?"

"Yes, I am a butt-slut- your butt-slut!"

Meanwhile, Paul was hardly being neglected, as she kept riding him vigorously, thoroughly taking him cowgirl-style. He kept pushing upward, while I thrust downward, the 2 of us meeting inside this beautiful babe, who evidently adored cocks, and wanted them in every hole of her body, for as long as possible. 

She wasn't the jealous kind, though, as she proved later that day. She didn't mind sharing her partners' cocks, as long as others replaced them- quickly!

This kind of momentum finally set all of us off, and we came in quick succession: me first, followed by Paul, and then Jessie. The look on her face as we all rested for a minute was priceless; she had the most wonderful sense of satisfaction and happiness- sheer bliss from the looks of it.

After several minutes, I asked, "Well, I still haven't fucked Paul's ass, so if he doesn't mind, I'd like to do that."

Jessie grinned, knowing that Paul only took it in the ass when he fucked a girl, and she was the only girl present.

She licked her lips at the thought of having him inside her again, and then she spoke, "I'd love to suck Paul's cock, while you fuck his ass, if you guys don't mind. I know that your dick up his butt will make him cum, and I want to catch it all in my throat- does that please you guys?"

"Yes.", we both agreed. Paul was evidently looking forward to having the double treatment this time, with a penis up his rear end, and a mouth around his manhood.

Jessie was so eager to start that she hurried to get the lube, so that he could take it easier, since he got fucked up the ass less often than her, and therefore would have a tougher time adjusting to the pain. 

As I spread it on his ass, she made a point of rapidly rimming his crack, to further prepare him, and then she began licking my butt, to our mutual delight, no doubt. This babe was a real man-lover, alright, doing what it took to please her guys!

I began steady pushing into Paul's posterior, sliding past the outer circle of the rectum, deeper into the cavity itself, and slowly approaching the prostate, before gradually pulling out, and pushing back inside again. I kept this up for a couple of minutes, letting his ass adapt to the sense of being penetrated.

Soon, however, I was buggering him more actively, ramrodding his rear for all it was worth, and really giving it to him, which just pushed his cock further into Jessie's gaping mouth. 

She was clearly enjoying this chance to perform fellatio on her boyfriend while he took it up the ass, and she could sense his growing arousal at the contact between my dick and the inside of his anus.

He was really grunting at this point, making it clear that there was some pain along with the pleasure, but he was also thrusting forward between Jessie's lips, letting both of us know that he was quite happy with the situation as a whole, and he welcomed the buggering of his bottom.

I continued sodomizing him for a while longer, until at last he groaned and came, spilling his sperm into Jessie's thirsty throat. She lovingly swallowed it, and that sight was enough to compel me to ejaculate, filling Paul's ass with my creamy essence.

Jessie waited until I pulled out of Paul, and then she made her move, licking his butt for several sweet moments, until she had caught and gulped down all of the cum that spilled onto the outside and from the inside of his tush, devouring it voraciously, as she smiled the most impish smile, licking her lips again at the delectable taste of man's milk.

I lifted her up to my face and French-kissed her, sharing in the experience of both my own semen and Paul's, which totally pleased and sated both of us. We would all have to get some lunch and recuperate, because we still had the afternoon ahead of us. 

I, for one, was really anticipating a great day, and I think that both Paul and Jessie would have agreed with me about that!