 My senses were inflamed by the whiskey we'd shared and my blood was heated by the look in his eyes. We'd been hanging out at our neighborhood bar, playing games and laughing with the regulars; I'd worn a flowing top with a low, square neckline, jeans, and the boots he likes so much. My hair was loose and tousled, inviting his hands to run through it. Jack was looking especially good tonight, too, with his worn black jeans caressing every inch of his legs and showing off his magnificent ass. The hockey sweater hung off his broad shoulders and hid the firm torso that lurked under the soft fabric. My fingers knew the feel of his body and I was aching to touch him again.

As the hour grew later, the other patrons trickled out, leaving just me, my man, and the new bartender. Jack's hand was resting on my thigh under the table where we always sat, in the corner by a window. I tried to concentrate on the view of the restaurant across the street, feeling sorry for the smokers standing out in the light snow that fell from February skies. I knew that if I let myself think about what Jack was doing, I would loose control. Seeing that I was trying to ignore him, Jack shot a wicked grin over to the bartender and told him to look away, since he was about to prove that I could not ignore him any more. He started by lightly dragging his fingertip across the neckline of my shirt, just barely touching my skin; heat shot through me, making my breath catch and my quim throb. Still, I didn't acknowledge his touch, and just let him get on with his work, wondering what he'd do next. Of course, the bartender hadn't looked away, and since I hadn't visibly responded, Jack knew he'd have to up the ante so the guy didn't think he'd been bragging in vain.

Spurred on by male competitiveness, and reckless because of the liquor, Jack hooked his finger in the shoulder strap of my bra and the neck of my shirt and slid them off my right shoulder. When I turned my head to shoot a questioning look at him, he captured my gaze. I could see the challenge in his eyes as he slowly lowered his head to my shoulder, dropping feathery little kisses on the tender skin. Reflexively, my head rolled back and I arched my neck, purring just a little under my breath. As Jack's lips travelled up the side of my neck, and his hand returned to move up my thigh to my denim-covered crotch, the bartender quietly moved closer.

"Fuck, that's hot," he whispered, watching me open my thighs to give Jack full access. Knowing that he had won my complete attention and there would be no more pretending to ignore him, Jack removed his hand from my pussy and slid it behind my head to bring me in for a full, deep kiss. His other hand slipped the straps off my still-clothed shoulder and dipped inside my bra to caress my breast. As his rough palm stroked my oh-so-tender nipple, I knew that it was time for me to take charge of the situation.

Pulling free of Jack's grasp, I stood up abruptly and stared down at him. I could see the worry in his eyes -- he thought I'd be angry with him for pawing me in public this way. The bartender started backing away slowly, but stopped in his tracks when I dropped to my knees and put my hands to Jack's belt buckle. I quickly opened his belt and waistband, then slid down the zipper of his jeans and slipped my hand inside to find his beautiful cock, which was hard already, of course. Pulling his pants apart as far as possible, I dropped a quick kiss on the moist tip of his erection, causing him to jerk slightly, and evoking sighs of envy from the watcher.

Since this was now my rodeo, I didn't give him the blowjob he so clearly expected. No, I wanted the whole enchilada, and I meant to get it. Glancing over at the barman standing there in shock, I bent down and pulled off my boots, then undid my jeans, dropped them to the floor, and kicked them aside. "Now," I said, "who wants to help me out here?" I gestured to my panties to clarify, in case there wasn't enough blood going to the guy's head. He sprang into action, shoving my panties down and pulling my shirt off over my head. I dealt with the bra myself and then moved forward to hover over Jack, my legs spread and my hands on his shoulders. I quickly pulled Jack's sweater off, baring his golden-brown skin so I could run my hands over him. His nipples tightened up, and I flicked one with my fingernail as he wriggled his jeans down past his knees and kicked them off along with his shoes.

The bar guy stroked my skin, zeroing in on my breasts; he leaned forward and captured my left nipple between his lips, sucking so hard my knees buckled. He spread his large hand on my back to help support me while I eased down on Jack's cock. As I lowered onto him, I looked into Jack's eyes, watching them blur when he felt my heat just barely touch him. I couldn't resist breaking eye contact and looking down to the point of entry -- as my nether lips parted and his cock forced them further open, my mouth dropped open, too, and a groan gasped out of my throat, my head tossed back and my whole body arched forward to accept his length. That first moment of penetration is what I'd been longing for all night, and I was sopping wet from the anticipation.

Jack's chair was the perfect height to allow me to plant my feet solidly on the floor, giving me total control of how deep he could go into my cunt. Using my thigh and ass muscles, and gripping his shoulders with both hands, I rose and fell just enough so his cockhead rubbed against my g-spot. Meanwhile, the man hovering around us touched me wherever he could; stroking down my back until his fingertips teased my sensitive asshole, while the other hand played with my tits and occasionally darted down to find my clit. Jack didn't even bother trying to touch me -- he just held on to the seat of his chair, enjoying the view of my white breasts being mauled by the bartender, and the sensation of my wet pussy engulfing him.

I took it slow, just sliding up and down on the stiff pole inside me, undulating my hips in circles so I could feel him everywhere. I kissed him softly, just brushing his lips with mine, not letting him go deeper, then teased him by turning my head and offering my mouth to the stranger. He kissed me aggressively, thrusting his tongue into my mouth and grasping my breasts hard. He tangled his hand in my hair and pulled me back so he could bite at my nipples, still holding me by the hair. My body was now off-balance and my cunt was pressed tight against Jack, who pushed the other man aside and pulled me back up against his torso. My bruised nipples gloried in the feeling of the rough hair on his chest, and I grinned at Jack in anticipation of the lengths he'd go to in order to prove that I belonged to him.

Taking control again, Jack discovered that his position on the chair gave him the leverage to thrust up unexpectedly, making me squeal in surprise when he jammed his full length into me, hard. He knew the excitement I felt when he asserted himself, so he wrapped his arms around me and stood up, knocking his chair over and letting his cock slide out of me. He held me for a moment to make sure I had my balance, and he whispered in my ear, "He can have your cunt, but only I take your ass," letting me know that one of my favorite fantasies was about to come true -- I was going to have both holes filled tonight!

I reached out to grab the bartender and pulled him in for a deep, slow kiss while my hands were busy at his waist, loosening his pants and pushing them down. Jack shoved the chairs aside and swept the table clear so the bar guy could lay down on it, his erection bouncing in the air invitingly. I mounted up, kneeling on the table with my legs as far open as I could manage, taking his short, thick cock into me in one smooth thrust. I was looking out the window again, and saw that the smokers across the street had a great view of what we were doing. I gave them a little smile and wave as my inner muscles tightened around the cock inside me, making delicious contact all along his shaft. He drew me down against him, claiming my mouth again in a deep kiss that left me breathless. For a moment, all I could think about was this stranger, and how his body felt under mine, his hands grasping my hips as he pulled me closer, his scent filling my mind with lust.

Jack was hovering behind me, watching as another man's body invaded mine. I felt him gently touch the wet, stretched skin of my pussy, spreading my juices around and skimming his fingers over my little asshole. He slipped a fingertip inside, and then popped it out and replaced it with his thumb, pressing more deeply and squeezing my ass cheek at the same time. I looked over my shoulder and begged him to complete the fantasy for me -- I wanted his solid heat pressed against my back while he claimed my most exquisitely sensitive opening. "Please, baby, don't tease me...you know what I want...just slide your big cock into my ass...do it now!" I rolled my hips against the man beneath me, bringing my ass up and crushing my clit at the same time. Gasping when Jack finally put his cock to my opening, I arched my back even more, bringing my tits up where the other man could get at them again.

Jack eased forward, pushing me higher against the man under me, so my breasts swung over his face. The stranger raised his head and took a nipple in his mouth, once again using his teeth to torture me with pain made my cunt clench with pleasure. As Jack slid his length into my ass, I held absolutely still, drowning in the sensation of being completely filled, front and back, while my body adjusted to Jack's presence. When he started to move within me, I lost control and wildly sobbed, begging him once more to fuck me hard and force my cunt down around the cock impaling me from below.

"Oh God, please...more! Don't stop...oh, I can't take it all! But don't stop, I need it...I need to be fucked liked this! Do it, do it, do it!" Jack slammed into me, and I could feel his cock rubbing against the other guy's, deep within me, separated only by a delicate layer of flesh; my flesh, which was now being stimulated from all sides, pushing all coherent thought from my mind. I was a beast now, growling with need, driving myself to the edge and taking the men with me.

I burst into orgasm with a wild cry, spurring the men to even faster thrusts and bringing on their own climaxes at the same time. They spurted into me as I panted and writhed, collapsing in a sweaty heap on the table. I held them both inside me for a moment, jerking with aftershocks and gently squeezing them with my cunt and ass. The stranger touched my face softly, and Jack twined his fingers with mine and kissed my back.

After they had slipped out of me and we'd retrieved our clothes, Jack invited the bartender to come stay with us for the weekend. He accepted, on the condition that next time, Jack fuck him in the ass while he took my cunt. I just love a man with initiative.