 Still sitting across from me with his cock in his hand my boss looked up and down my body. I still had my arms crossed over my chest as I breathed hard and slow, a knot forming deep in my stomach. "I have been waiting for the right moment." he said with a sneer. 

"You think I didn't notice all the times you have worn low cut tops, teasing all the male workers with those huge tits of yours. All the times you snuck off to the bathroom to pleasure yourself during work, I've heard your moans through the bathroom stalls. Finally I have caught you in a compromising position." He smiled a crooked smile. 

All I could think was what was he going to do with me? Should I participate or try to run? After all it would be my word against his. I decided to feel out the situation. Still sitting in the chair, my boss looked at me. "Drop your arms and let me see those tits" he commanded. 

I looked around the room, you were still standing behind me. "Don't look at him, look at me! He isn't going to be able to help you. He is going to help me use your body." 

I looked at my boss and said "No, that I was leaving."

"Well if you do that, then I guess I will be posting this little episode up for everyone to see." he warned.

"There aren't cameras in the office!" I scoffed trying to make my way to my desk. 

"Oh but there is." he said cunningly. "You see this ordinary looking plant, well there is a camera in it and it has recorded everything you have done!"

Hugging my arms tighter across my chest, he started to replay the footage of the last few hours. I saw myself pleasing you, getting pleased, and getting fucked on the counter. I heard my moans of pleasure and saw the ecstasy on my face. "Now do as I said and let me see those tits!" His tone was calm, collective, but firm. I had no choice, it was either give into his demands or face the embarrassment that video would cause, not to mention all the consequences that would follow.

Reluctantly I dropped my arms, putting my full breasts on display for my boss. "Touch them, get those nipples nice and hard for us!" He directed his gaze towards you. "Grab a chair and sit next to me, enjoy the show." he said with excitement. 

Quickly you do as asked, I can see that your cock has returned back to its erect state. I started to rub and pinch my nipples. I squeezed and mashed my breasts together, trying to make my nipples hard. 

As I was doing this my boss removed his tie and shirt. There where now two naked men in front of me watching me play with my boobs. I noticed that my boss had started to jerk himself off. I also noticed that you had started sliding your hands up and down your cock. I cursed my body as it started to react. Touching myself while two men masturbated in front of me was really turning me on. I could feel my pussy getting wet and it started to throb. My nipples became erect and swollen.

"Remove your skirt!" my boss commanded. I slid the skirt down my legs and stepped out of it. There I stood totally naked and on display, I looked over at the camera.

"It is on!" my boss barked. "I'm using it as insurance so you can't use this against me. Now be a good girl and touch yourself. I want you to masturbate so you are nice and wet for us to play with!" I hesitantly slid my hands down my torso until I reached my pussy. I slid one hand up and down my pussy lips while my other was squeezing and pinching my right breast. I took my index finger and started to rub my clit. 

Making contact with it sent shocks through my body. I could not believe that I was actually enjoying this. Trying not to think about it I moved my other hand down and spread my pussy lips open, giving a full view to them. I was already dripping, my juices running down my legs. I started to rub my clit faster in a circular motion. 

I moved my other hand to the entrance of my pussy and started to work two fingers inside of it. Pulling them in and out, as I rubbed my clit. My breathing quickened and I started to moan and rock against my own touch. I was going to cum soon, but suddenly I felt my arms being pulled back. My boss had moved behind me, holding my hands behind my back with one of his hands.

As my boss held me in place. I felt his cock rubbing between my ass cheeks, slightly pressing into my ass. "Go ahead do as you please." He was laughing as I tried to wiggle free. Quickly you stood up and placed your hands on my swollen nipples. I felt you press your lips into my neck. Nibbling at the soft flesh. 

Little gasps left my mouth as you moved your mouth to my left nipple and gently bit it. I shook a little, not knowing if it was from my boss's cock twitching at my asshole or your gentle nibbles on my chest. My boss grabbed his tie and tied my hands back. I heard him licking his fingers. Using his spit as lube, I felt him circle my asshole getting it wet. 

Meanwhile you had moved down my body and started to rub my pussy lips. Suddenly you got up and went across the room. I watched as you went to my desk and retrieved a hand held stapler. I felt you part my pussy lips and push it all the way into my wet hole. I let out a sharp moan. I didn't expect you to push it in so hard and fast. You started to work the stapler in and out of my dripping pussy with one hand while the other gripped my breast. 

I let out another groan, only this time it was from my boss pushing his finger into my ass. His other hand had reached around to my other breast, squeezing and pinching it. My legs were shaking as I was made to stand. With both my holes being worked and two different touches on my breasts I started to convulse with pleasure as I started to cum.

As I started to settle down, my boss pushed me to my knees. He released my hands and pushed me towards you. I was now on all fours on the floor. "Suck his cock, now!" my boss belted out. 

I looked up at you and without hesitation and started to slide your cock between my lips. Bobbing my head up and down on your cock, I started licking your shaft and playing with your balls in my hands. Being distracted with your cock, I felt a tongue slide deep into my pussy. 

I heard my boss slurping and sucking on my pussy, his hands grabbing and pinching my ass. I went back to sucking you. You reached up and grabbed my hair, pulling me all the way down on your cock. I gagged, but you held my head there as you thrusted your cock deep into my throat.

As my boss was sucking my clit, he had started to slide his fingers in and out of my pussy. Trying to keep up with your rhythm, I screamed onto your cock as another orgasm ripped through me. The vibrations from my mouth had an effect on you, and you started squirting in my mouth. I felt your hot cum sliding down my throat. I couldn't swallow it all, leaking some from my mouth and onto my chest.

I looked up to see that you were still hard. I felt a tugging on my torso and my boss quickly stood me up and turned me around, so my ass was facing you. "We are just getting started," he moaned. 

I could see that he was hard. Re-tying my hands to the front of me, he wrapped his arms around me. Kicking my legs apart with his feet, he sat me down on your cock. I instantly felt the penetration. My breath caught in my throat at the sensation of your cock in my pussy. I could feel my pussy being stretched around your shaft to accommodate the thickness. 

My boss started to grab and grope my breasts as you started to fuck me hard. Roughly he started sucking on my boobs, sucking my entire breast into his mouth while squeezing the other, I heard the slapping of our thighs and the wet sliding sound of your cock moving in and out of my pussy. I could feel another orgasm building. As I bounced up and down on your shaft my boss slid his cock between my breasts thrusting it up towards my face. He gripped my boobs hard and squeezed them around his dick. They where still wet with the your cum I had dribbled out of my mouth.

"Lick my dick," my boss grunted. I dropped my head down and started to tongue the tip of his dick, toying with the sensitive hole at the top. I felt the head of my boss's cock begin to swell with my tongue. Cum had started to leak out of it. After I few minutes my boss pulled his cock from my breasts and vigorously started to work his shaft up and down with his hand. The other hand grabbed onto my hair, holding my head back. I was forced to watch as he sprayed his cum into my open mouth, the extra running down my chin and neck. 

Moments later you erupted into my pussy, shooting your hot load deep inside of me. I came equally as hard, my pussy gripping onto your cock, contracting and squeezing all around the girth of it. My hot juices leaked onto your cock. It was soaked with a mixture of both of our juices. Panting and grunting came from all directions.

My boss untied my hands and sat down next to you, looking up he instructed me to stroke both of you at the same. I had your cock in one hand and his cock in the other. I started to pump. Up and down, slow at first and then faster and faster. Both cocks were drenched with cum, more oozing out and onto my hands. Within minutes you where both hard again. 

I took the cum that oozed onto my hands and started to rub them across my nipples. After, I grabbed my right breast with both my hands and brought it to my mouth. I started to suck the combination juices off my boob. It was sticky, warm, and salty. "Time for the finale!" my boss said. 

With both of your cocks ready for more I saw a lustful glint in both of your eyes. I was put on all fours again. My boss slid under me and you came up behind me. I felt you move your hands to my pussy to collect some of my juices. You started to rub them on my tight asshole. Wide eyed I looked down at my boss to see him positioning his cock to the entrance of my pussy. 

I took a deep breath and yelped as I felt your big cock, start to penetrate my ass. Moments later I felt my boss's cock thrust deep inside my pussy. I couldn't move. I was paralyzed with surprise. After the initial shock, instinct started to take over. I started to rock back into you. As you pulled out, I would thrust onto my boss. I started to grunt and whine with pleasure. I heard moans and growls from both my boss, and you. Faster and faster we started to move. I could feel my ass and my pussy contracting and squeezing the hard rods inside me. I felt you reach around to my clit, feverishly rubbing it. My boss had moved his hands to my breasts cupping and sucking them. 

I felt both cocks jerk and spasm inside of me. I started to cum all over my boss's cock. Pussy juice running down his shaft. At that moment I felt two hot squirts of cum. You came so much that it was dripping from my ass and leaking onto the cock inside my pussy. I felt my boss cum inside me. As he pulled out, a mixture of all three of our juices went running down my pussy and onto the floor leaving behind a noticeable stain. You pulled your cock from my ass. I slid down and laid on the floor. "Clean our cocks, my boss said, breathing heavily. 

I rolled over and cleaned, first your cock, running my tongue up and down your soft flesh. I did the same to my boss's softening member. As I regained my breath I got up to retrieve my clothes. As you left the office, you wrote your number down across my wrist. As I started for the door I heard my boss mutter . "Make sure you come In early tomorrow, we have some things to discuss." I left for home wondering what would happen next and what needed to be discussed.