 Widow Maggie had been enjoying a blowjob on an unconscious bloke in her pub, when she felt a pair of hands on her head, force her to deep throat & swallow when he came. Authors Note: I'd strongly recommend you read the first 2 instalments in this story, before reading this one.

Maggie was terrified. When she saw Gary lying there, with his 9" long & 2 ½" wide cock poking out of his jeans, her hormones took control. She tried to convince herself that she knew what she was doing, but in reality, her body had taken control. She told herself that she should be able to get away with a quick sneaky blowjob.

That clearly wasn't the case now, though, as she still felt the two hands on her head, holding her down over the cock lodged in her throat. She'd had no choice but to swallow his geyser of cum.

If she wasn't so frightened, she might've been enjoying the situation even more. Her body was such a mixture of emotions. She'd been so surprised by the hands on her head, that she hadn't had a chance to take her hand away from her panty-clad pussy.

While her mind was whirring, she felt yet another pair of hands on the elastic on her panties. 'Oh, no, what next?' she thought to herself.

Her knickers were slowly pulled down to her knees, which were on the floor. She felt more pressure lift her up slightly, so that they could pull her knickers & pooled skirt away.

Her legs were now free to be moved around. She felt hands separate her legs, leaving her upturned arse even more exposed. Her hand, amazingly, was still at her pussy. Gravity should have pulled it down. 'Why am I not fighting this?' she thought.

While this was going on, the willy, no, wait, cock in her mouth had been softening. As it softened, the hands on her head loosened their grip. Her breathing eased, as the airway was partially cleared. As this happened, she started to relax.

She started to feel a further wetness on her pussy lips. She tried to release her mouth from the softening cock, to look at what was happening, but the hands weren't ready to let her go yet. She looked up, to see the grinning face of Gary.

'I thought he was asleep?'

She had a confused look on her face. She felt the other pair of hands spread her bum cheeks apart, & the tongue, yes definitely a tongue enter her pussy.

Everything else melted away.

All she was aware of was THE TONGUE.

She felt it move out of her pussy & away. No!!!

Then she felt cool air blowing on her crotch. Oh!

She twitched. It tingled. She started to move her fingers on her hand at her crotch again. She felt the air on her hand, as she gently swirled her fingers around her clit. Oh, so nice!

The air on her pussy concentrated on her clit. Oh my! She closed her eyes. So good!

Her fear long gone, & without realising it, she sucked on the cock in her mouth absent-mindedly. It seemed kind of appropriate. She was definitely enjoying herself again.

The air seemed to be stronger in force. Must be closer to me, she thought. The cock in her mouth was hardening again. Mmmm. Yummy.

She was so lost in her own world, that at first she didn't notice the delicious air on her pussy had stopped. As she noticed this, she felt the hands on her head lifting her mouth away from the scrummy monster of a penis.

'No!', she said. She reached out to grab it with her free hand, to try to pull herself back. The hands were too strong, though. She still had her other hand glued to her crotch, rubbing her sensitive clit.

She felt another pair of hands lift her clear in the air. One pair was holding her head, the other was somehow holding all of her weight. The second pair somehow rotated her body weight while she was in mid air. She was in a seating position, with her legs spread.

She looked down to see the wonderful sight of that monster pointing up at her, being lined up with her now sopping pussy, by Gary's hand. 'Please?' She felt herself saying.

'What the lady wants, the lady gets', she heard a female voice saying. Who was that?

While she was pondering this, Gary was pulling her hand away. She felt herself being lowered onto the cock. She tried to reach down, to spread her lips, but Gary managed to keep them away.

Then she felt pressure. Oh my. This was what she was unsure about earlier. Would he fit? So far, no. The 2 pairs of hands started to push / pull her down. Slowly the pressure told & finally, with a grunt, she took at least an inch in one. All she could do was groan in satisfaction, close her eyes & lean her head back. She was being stretched far wider than she thought she was capable of. She opened her eyes when her feet touched the ground.

Both hands now released her. For the first time since the cock in her throat spurted its' cum straight into her belly, she wasn't being held down. She should make a run for it. But, oh, this gorgeous monster was just too good to pass up. It had been too long. Well, her whole life, in fact! She'd never been properly stretched before, so she might as well make the most of it now she was in this position.

Gary reached up & started undoing her button-up top. She looked down at his hands, as she slowly sank down further. Her top was undone & being pulled off her shoulders. She didn't even notice the bra disappear. The fullness in her pussy was just delicious. She looked down & there was still half sticking out. Must find a way to get the rest in!

She slid up his now greasy pole again, til he was almost out & slid back down. She started to speed up, & on each downward thrust, she pushed herself down harder. She reached up to her left breast. It felt so good to have her 36C's finally unleashed. She started pinching & kneading her nipple, as Gary reached up to grab her other breast. Mmm, divine.

She was pumping up and down faster, now. She realised that on her downstroke, she was now bumping against his pelvis. She would've liked to just sit there and appreciate the fullness, but she was too carried away. She could feel the stirrings of her first orgasm of the night.

'Fuck it, that's it stretch me out.' She could feel it building inside her. She squeezed her nipple harder, as she closed her eyes & arched her back. 'Mmm, so fucking good!' She sped up her strokes as the feeling built up, until it washed over her. The ecstasy was just too much & she passed out.

She groggily lifted her head off of Gary's an unknown amount of time later. 'I have to keep this cock, Gary.' She kissed his chest. She slumped her head back down. Gary hugged her. Mmm, this is nice.

Gary was still hard, though. She was feeling too weak to do anything about it, though. 'Why don't you get on top?' She asked him. He didn't reply, though, so she went to roll him on top of her instead. His hug became a hold instead, though. She tried to get out of his embrace, but he wouldn't let her.

'I have a better idea', Gary said.

'Oh yeah?' she said with a smile on her face, looking up at him.

Once again that tongue was on her. This time, though, it was tickling her bumhole. She wriggled, but couldn't get away from it. It felt strange, but not unpleasant. The tongue forced its way in her dark hole & made her shiver. It backed off, then she could hear, then feel, someone spitting on her, there.

Through the groggy post orgasmic haze, she finally twigged what they had planned for her. "No! Not there!" She struggled against Gary's embrace, but it was useless. She felt something pressing against her back there. She was too tense to admit anything there, though. The pressure stopped & she sighed relief.

The fullness in her pussy was nice. Suddenly, without warning, she felt it going up her bottom. It couldn't have been too big, though, as her dark hole admitted the intruder quite easily. "Please stop that. I don't like it back there. Come round here & I'll suck you."

Her pleas fell on deaf ears, though. It must have been a finger, as it was rotating round, then pulling out & going back in. She could feel more lubrication back there. "Don't do this! I'll bar you!" She could hear laughter. Gary laughed too. She thought she could even hear a female's laugh, too. Who could that be? She started to worry her daughter could be watching. She was too afraid to ask, though. If she concentrated on something else, she could deal with that later. Not a very rational thought, but these weren't exactly normal circumstances. Her brain was still fogged by lust.

While she was thinking this, the finger was removed. It was soon replaced by something larger, though. This time, it soon entered her. She realized it couldn't be anywhere near as big as Gary. "Oof." It knocked the wind out of her.

There was a very strange feeling, as she could feel the 2 cocks rubbing against each other through her thin membrane. Apart from the thin cock up her bum, it didn't feel so bad. Everything else around her disappeared, as she concentrated on being penetrated by 2 cocks for the first time in her life. A deep-rooted, but long forgotten fantasy came crashing back. "I'm being double penetrated." She said, more to herself, than anyone else.

She felt a pair of hands on her arse. As the other bloke gained more leverage, he forced his way further in. She was powerless to stop him, as he worked his way deeper inside her. Or was she? Was that what she wanted? To surrender herself to several men and be used for their pleasure? Like many women, she had a bit of a submissive side & that part of her was taking control.

Even though, it still felt quite uncomfortable, she still groaned. More at the situation, than what she was feeling. Of course, her fuckers didn't know that. "Shit, will you listen to her. She must be gagging for it!" Said the voice behind her. That was definitely Dave. She was too lost in what was going on to react, though.

Given the position he was in, Gary couldn't really move much, so Dave was the only one who could really fuck her. Which he took full advantage of. He'd been waiting so long for his turn, that he really went at it hammer and tongs.

Maggie was lost in the situation. Two cocks at once...mmmm. She started cumming again, just at the thought. She couldn't really thrash around too much, this time, though, the way she was impaled. As she thought the word 'impaled' to herself, it triggered another orgasm. Her eyes rolled up, as she enjoyed uncounted orgasms.

Her 2 lovers didn't stop what they were doing. Gary tried to thrust a little & Dave was still pounding her arse. Dave started to speed up. With a sigh & a scrunched up face, he emptied his balls up her bum. Maggie was incapable of noticing, as she was still twitching and had her eyes closed.

Moments later, Dave pulled his limp cock out of her. She was lying limp on Gary, now, totally spent. She felt herself being rolled over onto her back. She opened her eyes to see Gary staring straight into them with a cheeky grin on his face. She smiled back at him.

He started to move in her again. She closed her eyes again, enjoying the familiar position, smiling to herself. Pleasantly filling, he was. She was well used to his size now, and wondered if anyone else would be able to touch the sides in future. She giggled at the thought.

She wrapped her legs around him. That way he went in even deeper. She decided to keep her eyes closed. She thought it almost reminded her of her late husband. Gary started to thrust quicker and harder. She could tell he was close to cumming again. She wanted to cum with him this time. She looked into his eyes. The grin was gone. Concentration was furrowed on his brow. She could feel a smaller orgasm building in her again. Before she could reach it, though, Gary stiffened his whole body & shot his load into her. She hugged him close to her. 'Thank you', she whispered in his ear.

She was determined to cum one last time, though. As she felt him softening in her, she reached down between them, to her sensitive clit. She didn't do a slow build-up as she would have done normally on her own. She went straight into it, rubbing furiously. She needed this cum. She closed her eyes again, concentrating on it. She could feel it getting closer. She knew that this one was going to be smaller than the others, but still satisfying all the same.

Somewhere along the line, Gary got off of her. She wasn't really in a state to notice it, though. 'Ah, ah, yes, fuckkkkkkkkkk'. She arched her body.

She carried on gently rubbing, as the sensation slowly eased away. Her legs were spread wide. She slowly opened her eyes. She saw her 2 lovers staring down at her, with smiles on their faces. Then she saw...Vicky, holding a camcorder in front of her – clearly recording!

...To be continued...