 Flash. 

It was the flash of reflected light that caught my eye. I went over to the wall of the parking garage and picked up the bright object. It was a cheap and gaudy woman's broach made out of plastic. It was in the shape of a crescent moon. Most of it was black, but parts had a shiny, metallic gold finish. 

"Here, my dear, a token of my undying love and affection," I said as I offered the trinket to my date.

"I've gotten better gifts out of a Cracker Jack box," was her reply. But being the good sport that she was Wonda pinned it on blouse. We linked arms and laughed as we walked to the lobby of the hotel.

Wonda and I had been seeing each other for about a year and a half. We had met at work. We are those annoying telemarketers who call you every night just as you sit down to dinner. For us it's just a job while we go to school to prepare for our real careers. She is working on her MBA in finance while I'm finishing up my Doctorate in Physics. 

The basis of our relationship is our desire to have some kind of sex life. Between our crazy schedules of school and work, we have almost no free time and what time we have comes at odd hours. We have both attempted to have relationships, but our partners move on when they realize how infrequent we are available for them and that the situation is not going to change for at least another two years. 

We have no expectations of each other. Our relationship is perfect for our situation. We have someone to talk to when we get lonely and someone to fuck, well, when what you really need is a good fuck. We don't particularly like each other.

Wonda isn't really my type. I liked the fact that she has a good sense of humor and is smart enough not to let herself become pregnant. Her beak-like nose dominates her face. At 5' 9', she is taller than I like. But then I don't like anything that reminds me that I am two inches shy of six feet. Her dark brown hair is okay. She keeps it short on top and long down below. In both cases, she has opted for low maintenance over style. Body-wise I would prefer more curves. She has thin shoulders and small breasts. Her hips too are thin, but broad and she has no butt to speak of. 

I also know that I am not the man of her dreams. She would prefer someone taller with blonde hair and a more muscular build. My glasses and tendency towards a uni-brow are not a turn on. I too am on the thin side. We both pay a price for too much time spent working, studying or in class and living below the poverty line. 

Tonight was different, we were in Las Vegas and everything was first class. I had won a sales contest for setting up the most appointments to discuss "perpetual care" cemetery services in our office. First prize was an all expense paid trip for two to Las Vegas. So I invited my best girl and here we were. We had just had a nice dinner and were heading back to our room.

As we were waiting in the lobby for an elevator, a bell captain came over to us and said, "This elevator will take you directly to your floor." He escorted us around the corner to an elevator, which he opened with a key.

"Thanks a lot," I said and Wonda and I got in. As the doors were closing I reached for the numbered buttons to punch in our floor and I was surprised to see this elevator had no buttons. "That's odd," I said, "look Wonda." Puzzled, she and I looked at the blank wall while the elevator engaged and we began our ascent.

"That's weird," she said. "I wonder how it knows which is our floor?"

We stood perplexed as the elevator continued to whine and to take us up. Eventually, it stopped and the doors opened. We hesitantly got off the elevator, where a doorman in a red velvet coat met us. The doorman said, "Good Evening, your host will be joining you shortly. Please have a drink and make yourself at home."

Before us was a room of people drinking and talking. It donned on me that we had unwittingly joined a private party. I began to say something when Wonda cut in, saying to the doorman, "Thank you. Which way to the bar?" 

The doorman gestured to the room off to the left. When we were out of ear shot I said, "Wonda, what are you doing? Obviously, we have crashed someone's party."

"I know. Look, I've done this dozens of times. When you're a poor college student you can't pass up any opportunity for good food and top-shelf liqueur. It's practically how I survived college."

"Oh, I see. So what's our game plan?"

"I generally show a little cleavage and flirt a lot. Let's have a drink. This will be fun."

"Well, why not," I said, "fun was our goal for this week-end."

Acting more like we belonged in this place, we marched confidently up to the bar. As we stood sipping our drinks, we looked around. Wonda said, "Do you notice that every women here is wearing a broach like the one you picked up in the garage?"

Actually I hadn't, but I said, "Yes. Maybe everyone is a member of the same club or something." 

Wonda said, "Let's mingle and see how long it takes for someone to discover that we are party crashers." I told you she was fun.

We joined a group of three couples. "Ah, first timers," a guy about our age in a brown suit said. He quickly made introductions all around.

Sarah, his wife, said, "I remember Don's and my first time. I was so nervous. But you don't have to worry, everyone is so nice and believe me they will take such great care of you."

One of the other women, I think her name was Connie, a short redhead with a lean and firm body said, "She is right and you are in luck, you are the only first timers here tonight. You will have everyone's undivided attention."

'Great," I said, "we have really been looking forward to this night."

We continued going from group to group and discovered that most of the couples at the party were married and that they had come from out of town. Everyone seemed to know that we were newcomers. The men unabashedly gave Wonda a good looking over and many kissed her on the cheek or lips as they were introduced. The women who all seemed to be in there 20-30's were also attractive, friendly and attentive.

Having had a chance to see more of the broaches close up, I noticed that all of them had stars painted on them, not just the crescent moon that ours had.

Wonda and I were enjoying ourselves thoroughly. She was lying through her teeth about who we were, our kids, our jobs, where we lived... everything. She put me in a bind a couple of times asking me to finish telling stories that she had begun which were complete fabrications. I felt like I pulled a rabbit out of my ass a couple of times that night.

Many people hinted at the entertain that was to come and how we were going to be the center of attention. I never figured out what the group was about. Everyone was friendly, but it was obvious many had not met each other until tonight. 

Wonda and I separated when the women in our circle went in mass to the bathroom. As I stood listening to a stockbroker tell a joke about a horse in a bar, I noticed that all of the women had excused themselves. Some of the men began arranging the furniture in a circle around two stools that was set on a raised platform. Someone took my arm and said, "It's showtime," and led me to one of the backless wooden chairs on the platform. He handed me a Bozo-the-Clown nose, told me to have a seat and to wait there. All of the men exited the room. I sat there alone. 

Circus music began to play. A line of women dressed as clowns walked into the room. No, they were not dressed at all. They had on face and body make-up in outrageous colors and designs much like you would see on clowns. The last woman was Wonda. She was unpainted and completely nude. They all gathered in a circle facing me.

Next the men marched in. Some of them had clown make-up on their face. They were all naked sporting firm erections. The tip of their cocks were covered by round, red foam clown noses. The men formed a circle and seated themselves behind the women. The seating appeared to be random as many of the people I knew to be couples were not necessarily together.

A man, I am not sure which one, said, "Prepare the initiate."

Without saying a word, a couple of the women stepped up on the platform. They motioned for me to stand and they took all my clothes off. A big-breasted brunette grabbed my dick and stroked me to an erection, which did not take long. Then another women placed the clown nose on the tip of my dick. All the women stepped off the platform except for a red head. I think it was Connie.

Connie said, "For the benefit of our newcummers (some in the group laugh), I will explain the game. Everyone will get sixty seconds to make an impression on our guests of honor. The man and woman who cause them to orgasm will win our contested and will be crowned "Clown for a Day. If our guests do not cum after being with all of us, they will be declared the winner. Then our free for all orgy will begin. Start the game!"

Whoa, what had we gotten ourselves into? I looked over at Wonda. She smiled and mouthed, "I okay." I looked around at the bevy of naked ladies who seemed ready to service me and I smiled back at Wonda and gave her a thumbs up sign. Let the games begin indeed!

A rather flat-chested blonde with a shaved pussy stepped on the platform and had me sit down on the stool. She removed the clown nose from my prick and began to give me a world class blowjob. The other women cheered her on. At the same time, the man seated behind Wonda removed the clown nose from his ample cock, grabbed her around the waist and guided her down on his erection. He slowly began to pump her from behind.

A bell rung and this activity stopped. A new woman, a short brunette with tits that could float a battleship, came on the stage and took my erection in her mouth. She sucked on it while one hand stroked my shaft. Wonda too had changed partners. She now was getting a pussyful of black cock. Wonda smiled and winked at me. I turned my attention to my new playmate and pawed her humongous tits while she serviced my manhood.

Again the bell rang and new partners appeared. Wonda has now fucking a big guy with a handle bar mustache. I had a petite oriental girl who was struggling to get my cock in her small mouth. She finally settled on kissing the head and giving me long licks on the underside of my dick. That was okay with me.

The bell rang and our partners changed. My new cocksucker was the woman of my dreams. Not too tall, with a curvy but not too heavy body. She had shoulder length black hair and a bonus, green catlike eyes. I like the way she looked and the way she moved. She kissed me on the lips and them kissed me below. She got down on her knees and she got down to business. She alternated with quick strokes on the head of my dick followed by deliberate mouth action. She deep throated me. 

Wonda seemed very pleased with her new stud. He was the California blonde surfer boy she drools over. He was rhythmically putting his meat in her. Her eyes were closed and she was rubbing her clit as she ground her ass into his cock. She began to cry out. I was also grunting and moaning and we each reached our moment of release. Sperm dripped out of the side of my dreamgirl's mouth.

The crowd roared with approval. Connie stepped forward and held the arms of the two winning participants up high. A sexual free for all followed. 

Before I joined the orgy, I hustled Wonda off to the bar. I handed her a beer and said, "That was pretty wild. Are you okay?"

"Okay? I'm in my element, " she answered. "Some of the women let me in on the secret, so I knew what was going to happen. I told them that nudity, alcohol and sex were exactly what you and I were looking for on this trip."

"You know me pretty well. So is this a group of swingers?"

"Exactly. They meet every month in different places and have parties with different themes. Tonight is clown night. Since not everyone knows each other, they use custom jewelry as a membership sign."

"Ah, the crescent moon. I wonder if the real newcomers lost the broach or chickened out?"

Wonda said, "I don't know, but their loss is our gain. Tonight you and I earned our first star. Do you mind if I mingle a little?"

"Knock your self out. I too saw a couple of pieces of ass that I would like to become better acquainted with."

Wonda and I never made it to our rooms that night.