 I arrived in Denver the night before, quite late and was greeted by you at the airport. Taken by your late night beauty and amazed that you were still willing to pick me up, you drive me to my hotel, and being so late, I suggest that we retire for the night, get rested up and meet up tomorrow after my conference for my studies. I can see the reluctance in your eyes, but you willingly leave me with sultry smile and a soft kiss upon my lips, but not before exchanging pleasantries about how good it is to finally be in one another's presence. I watch you drive off and head my way in to check in to my room. Once there, and after a nice shower session of slow jacking and imagining you are doing much the same in the sanctuary of your room after finally being with me but not being able to do a thing about it yet, I lay on my bed envisioning the day ahead of us. 

My conference ran late, and after several missed calls to my cell phone, I finally get back to my room, shower, and give you a call. You say that you have plans for us, as you want to take me to a new club that opened up. One that you have never been to yet but have heard enticing stories about it. 

"Sounds good to me...." I say, as I hang up and proceed to get ready in the 20 minutes before you get to my hotel. I thrown on my best pair of jeans and a satin looking black Billabong shirt, gel my hair, and proceed down to the lobby to wait. 

In a few minutes your car pulls up in the front. I watch as I see a slight grin break your lips and a tempting bite on your lower lip as I walk to your passenger door. As I slide in to the seat, lean to my left to place a soft peck upon your cheek, your head unexpectedly turns, greeting my lips with your own. We sit there for a brief moment, lips plastered to one another's, not sure of what the next move is. The surprise kiss breaks and we stare one another down with no words to interrupt our gaze. We smile and giggle softly to ourselves as we drive off. 

"It's not far from here." You say. As I sneak looks upon your tightly clad body. Your long dark tresses falling gently upon your shoulders, my eyes scan down past the gorgeous vision of your face to your body, wrapped tightly in a strapless black mini-dress. The majority of your long silky legs visible past the hem of your dress, leading down to stiletto dressed feet. My head swoons at the vision of decadence before me. We make small talk on the way to the club about my conference, my flight in, my hotel room, that to which I pass on the hint about you having to see it, the room is absolutely gorgeous. The direction of our conversation already apparent, you would be seeing that room one way or another tonight. Passing flirts in our words, fleeting glances and soft brushes of our hands, all telltale signs that our chemistry led far past our cyber connection. 

The yearning for one another growing by the minute, the hopes that our stay at this club will be short-lived, we arrive at the front door of a long lined dance club. Dozens upon dozens of scantily clad women, and sharp dressed men line the sidewalk, while one woman in particular stood out to us. Standing apart from this line, this girl stood waiting idly as if waiting for someone special, a strange heavenly glow seemingly surrounding her, making her surroundings appear drab in comparison to her exotic beauty. Our heads turned to follow this woman, as her head turned to do the same, her gaze following our car as we headed for the parking garage.

After leaving the car, we head for the elevator and down to the street to brave the line. Upon turning the corner out of the structure, we are greeted by the slender figure of the same woman we saw illuminating the sidewalk earlier. Standing before the two of us enveloped almost in a halo of beauty, her long slender legs extending for miles below her tight leather skirt. Her hands neatly folded before her, streaming out of a see-through lace top with what looks to be another black lace bra beneath it. Her straight shoulder length blond locks falling neatly to the sides of her face, framing her beauty quite nicely. In awe of this vision, I stand and watch as you leave my arm to greet this girl. Not knowing you two know each other until you take her in your arms and embrace her, placing a soft peck upon her cheek. You motion for me to come forward and introduce me to this lovely.

"Jay, this is Ash....a good GOOD friend of mine." You say.

"A pleasure to meet you my dear." I say whilst taking her hand into mine and placing a kiss upon the back of it. With my pleasantries returned we proceed to the front door. Walking up to the gate, two lovely women on either arm of mine I feel like a king, ready to enter his kingdom of subordinates. All eyes upon us as we make our way through the crowd and up to the bouncer, whose eye's shift hastily between the two goddesses accompanying me. Ash whispers something to the man, and with a nod and a smile, the rope falls and we proceed past the mile-long line and into the darkness of the club.

Down the long, dark hallway we stride, the intense pulse of bass from the trance music playing louder as we go. We walk through the entrance and emerge on an upper level of the club, our eyes scanning the floor for a place to sit. Bodies of men and women grinding and bouncing to the beat of the music, as we walk through the crowd to a vacant booth in the corner of the upper level. Men on women, women on women, bodies pressed up against walls and tables, is this a sex club or a dance club I wonder. We sit down snuggly on a velvet lounge chair with a glass oval table before us, the three of us continuously scanning the club and the lewd activities going on around us. After ordering our beers and a round of shots from our Goth waitress, we sit back and enjoy the sights around us. 

The bumping of our seat from the couple making out behind us, the pulse of bass beating a rhythmic sensation within our bodies. Ash makes a comment about how this club makes her think of an acid trip with all the lights and sounds, the flashing strobes causing one to wonder if what they saw happening in the corner was really happening or not, and it is just then that our drinks arrive. With "cheers" all around, we swig down the shot. I watch as ash wipes a stray stream of Tequila run down your chin, which she then sucks off tenderly from her own finger. Her eyes locked to yours as she does this, hastily dating her gaze to me with a sly little grin for me. I smile back and lean you both in for the suggestion of the night.

"You mentioned acid Ash, have the two of you ever tried E?" I ask with no hesitation in my words.

"It has been a while." comes the reply from both of you, following my hand into my pocket and withdrawing a small baggie with 6 blue pills within it. 

"If you girls want to, we can." I say placing the bag before you. After a few unsure looks from the both of you I watch as you take the bag and open it. You take out three of the rolls and place them on the table, handing the bag back to me, which goes back in my pocket. The pulse of the music intensifying as I take 2 pills between my fingers and motion for you two to come closer with a crook of my finger. Two faces of beauty lean towards me, cheek to cheek you girls sit, with mouths slowly opening and tongues slowly protruding out to me. I shudder in my seat at this sight as I gently place the pills on each tongue, watching as they disappear into your mouths and washed down with a quick swallow of beer. It won't be long now I think to myself as I watch as you take my pill and proceed to feed it to me. 

As if feeling the effects already you slide onto my lap, straddling me, with your hands running down the side of my face. I feel Ash slide on the seat next to me, watching out of the side of my eyes as her hands run up your back, then back down, repeating the motion over and over, her head leaned in to us to watch the pill roll from your fingers onto my outstretched tongue and into my mouth. Ash takes my beer for me and proceeds to feed me the drink, watching me gulp down the roll eagerly. You begin to grind on my lap slowly, knowing that the night is beginning. Your hands press into my arms, your head rolls to the side of mine to whisper how happy you are to finally have me in your possession, and to have this night of ecstasy finally underway. You speak to me in between heated licks of my neck, your tongue sliding over my earlobe and back down over my neck, nibbling slightly as you go. Ash merely watches as you claim your long awaited prize for your own first, grinning, as she knows how bad you have dreamt of this moment. Your hands slide up and down my chest, caressing the muscle through my shirt. Your face hovering in glow before me, as I watch Ash's face snakes in to slide her tongue up your cheek. 

My cock begins to surge within my jeans, not knowing if it's merely excitement from being with you two or the E is taking over, not caring either. I watch as your head turns to greet her in a kiss, both mouths opening and accepting the familiar tongues. Swirling and tasting each other, Ash's hand embraces your head, intensifying the kiss between you. I watch in delight as the passion unfolds before me. Suddenly you two break the kiss and smile and laugh at one another, I smile back and watch as you climb off my lap, allowing my inevitable erection time to breathe. With you on one side and Ash on the other we proceed to drink and talk once more, trying to let the E take over our night, our actions, our minds. Round after round goes by and our bodies feel the familiar tingle of the E within us. 

The music seems to soften; we can hear each other more clearly, as if the only sound we wished to hear were each other's. We talk openly about things, life, sex, each other. I am 6 beers in and clearly bussing now, as Ash stands up and head to the dance floor in front of us. We watch as she saunters in under the strobing lights and neon flashes as her body writhes to the beat. Her hands rising and falling against her body as if dancing a seductive tease for us, a feast for our eyes, a titillating sensation for our rolling minds. Your body snakes up to mine, lifting one leg up onto me, not caring that your dress hikes up quite far. My hands slides along your hip, head turning to meet your lips to mine, greeting you with an open mouth. Our kiss ensues and sends our heads into the heavens. I can taste the passion in you as our tongues dance to the rhythm of the trance, swirling and sliding into each other's mouth. 

Your hands explore my body, unbuttoning my shirt as we continue to mate our tongues. I can feel your hand against my skin, your nails raking against my chest, searching for my nipple. Finding it, rolling it between thumb and forefinger, sending chills throughout my numb body. As our tongue finally separate, your head snakes down to my neck, nibbling and suckling on my neck as my hands slides down your back, caressing you softly through the sheer black dress. Down further as I find the hem of your dress, which I proceed to hike even further up. My hands knead your ass cheek gently, watching as more of my buttons get undone, and further down your head travels, leaving soft kisses upon my body. I feel your breasts pushed against my thigh as your hands struggle to find the release of my jeans, wanting so badly to feel what's restrained underneath it. 

I reach for my beer and gulp down the last drops within it to soothe my dry, trembling mouth. I feel a rush of air as my jeans are undone, being held open my your arms resting on my waist. I watch in flashes between strobe bursts as your head lowers onto me, feeling my hardened cock being grasped tightly by your hands. Massaging me tenderly as I can feel a smile and a hungry grin wipe across your face. Given a scant view of the back of your head I am left to envision what is going on beneath it. I feel your breath upon my skin, soft cool air brushing against the straining heat of my erection. A wet sensation covers me as I feel your lips wrap around me, suckling hard on my shaft then releasing it, placing soft kisses upon my swollen head. 

Your head thrashes up and whips your hair out of your way, then lowering back down to resume your spot above me. I watch from the top the sight of your mouth opening wide and engulfing me once more, my cock getting warmer as it travels further down your throat. I feel your lips come to rest at the base of my cock, pressing into my crotch as your lips locked around me, sucking and pressing into my shaft. Sucking hard as your lips travels back up releasing my cock from you with an audible pop. 

Ash catches notice of the actions going on back at her table and leaves a bunch of guys on the dance floor in despair as she slinks her way back to her seat. I watch with glassy eyes as her body glides towards us, floating down heavenly and coming to rest beside me. Sliding upon her seat she snuggles up on the opposite side of you, wrapping on arm around me and the other upon your head, following the slow rising and falling motion of your head. Her nails dig into my neck tugging me closer to her to whisper in my ear.

"She has an exquisite tongue doesn't she love? The way she swirls it and slides it. Can't you feel her hunger for you? Can you feel how bad she's wanted to do this to you? Do you know how many times she has wished my tongue were yours? How many times she wished my pussy was the cock she tastes now?" Ash purrs into my ear.

My head falls back onto the backrest, my eyes shut and a grin plastered upon my face as your tongue continues to lather me. Ash's tongue slides upon my earlobe as her sultry words echo in my head, lyrics to this pulsating music. I raise my head to see what's happening as I feel Ash's body slide down onto the seat, watching as she lays on her belly with her head resting on my left thigh. She watches patiently as you continue to work my cock, her tongue snaking out to try and taste your own tongue lashing about over me. My hands rest gently upon the heads of my two lovelies, my head reels and tries to distinguish reality from dream in this intense state of sensory overload. The lights pulsing around me seriously fucking with my sense of sanity. I watch as Ash's head leans in and finally gets a taste of me. Her tongue swirling with your tongue, lathering me up ten fold. 

An electric pulse surges through me as the sensation of two tongues slithering up my shaft settles upon me. I have no idea how long this kept up, no idea of when you two stopped and cuddled up next to me, pressing your bodies into me, kissing each other passionately in front of my face. The next thing I knew I was watching you two make out before me, watching each other's lips get coated in saliva, to watch your hands explore both bodies, and to feel unidentified hands travel over my body. My hands swiftly gliding over your backside, my other hand guided by Ash's hand over her own, not knowing that both of your own hands were already disappearing under your hems. I watch as your bodies start to hum your hands slowly, mouths agape as soft moans escape your lips. 

I shift in my seat, which causes your body to lean further in to Ash's, swallowing her tongue, heated sighs and gasps being muffled into your mouth. Your kiss breaks, and a glistening hand of yours emerge to slide over my lips. I open my mouth and suck on your finger, tasting the sweet nectar for the first time. My head reels and soars into the heights of desire once more. I lick your finger clean as Ash offers up her serving to you, I watch as you hungrily devour the digit given to you. The two of you now sit up straight, fixing the low cut collars of your dress, and the positioning of her shirt. Standing and fixing the fall of your dress you take my hand and lead me up to you.

"We're rolling fucking hard baby. And we wanna get out of here, go somewhere more intimate." Seductively biting on your lower lips as you purr to me. 

With a nod to you both we stumble out of the booth giggling as take notice of the two Asian girls in the next booth with their hands all over each other, watching as we try to walk straight out of the crowd knowing we had an audience for an indeterminate amount of time. My head turns away from the pretty Asian girl placing her exposed breast back into her top and back to the glowing beauties on my arm once again, feeling the envy of every man in the club as w exit into the darkened hallway once more. The sounds of the music getting softer as we make our way out into the bustling street once again. I stop to gather a breath of fresh air but you two hurry me along back to your car.

Once there, you ask if I mind driving you both back since you are unsure of the effects of E on your driving ability. As long as you guide me, I say sliding into your driver seat not noticing my belt is still undone. As you proceed to slide into your passenger seat, Ash reaches out and yanks you into the back with her, and giggling as you slide in next to her, she looks to me for my approval, which she gets.

We begin the drive, slowly since I do not know these roads, as you give me directions back to my hotel. My hands numb and head light as a feather I stare entranced at the road, not noticing the activities, which have begun in the backseat. I glance quickly into the mirror to see you laid on your back, your shoulders pressed into the door. Ash's body lay out over your and her hands cupping your tits in her hands. Her mouth opens and takes a clothed breast into her mouth. Your eyes close and mouth opens in delight as her tongue tickles over your sheathed nipple. You raise one leg up over the back seat, which automatically hikes your dress hem up, over your waist, to which Ash's hand disappears under her. From your reaction I can tell she reached her goal, her glassy eyes lock to yours as her fingers delve up into you. I turn down the radio to listen to the cries of pleasure filling the back of the car. Ash's indistinct words hypnotizing you into a state of desire. 

Her breasts pushed into you, grinding and melding with yours as her hand continues to pleasure you. I am finding it hard to concentrate on the road and the two of you at the same time. Luckily I can see the top of the hotel in the distance and cannot believe I made it that far rolling that hard. In between thrusts of her hand, I can hear Ash's voice telling you this is just the beginning, as her head turns and meets my gaze in the mirror, telling me what an amazing roll I gave you two, and how lucky the three of us are to be experiencing it all together. I nod in agreement as I watch the hotel gown in the distance. Hesitantly I stop watching you two go at it in the backseat, as I know we'll all be in the comfort of the room very soon. 

I roll into the structure and pull into a space close to the elevator. I stumble out of the car and pause for a moment while my head catches up to me. I watch as she slides off you, licking her hands clean and slinking out of the door next to me. You slide out of your door and try to regain your composure; shaking your head to try and shake off the slight orgasm Ash brought you to on the ride home. We stumble through the structure to the elevator arm in arm, giggling and falling as we hurry. Into the elevator we stagger, and up we go. The two of you barely able to restrain from undressing one another right there. Trying to be civil about it, I suggest that were almost there, so try to hang on, because my room is on the corner, at the end of the hall. The two of you giggle, and stand straight, acting all prim and proper as if mocking me. You lean over and kiss me, saying that it's no big deal, because very soon, it's going to begin.

After what seemed like an endless hallway we stand before my door as I struggle to focus my vision on getting the key in the lock and get the door open. I hear you push Ash up against the wall next to me, and watch out of the corner of my eye as the two of you kiss violently once more. The door swings open swiftly and I stagger inside to find the light switch. The two of your follow in suit behind me, gasping at the roomy suite I had been given. King size bed, wet bar, large shower and even a Jacuzzi adorn the soft beige room around us. I tell you two to make yourselves comfortable as I go and get cleaned up. 
