 We had been talking about trying something like this for a long time, and here we were. It felt a bit surreal to actually be in the moment. I wasn't sure we would ever go past it being a fun fantasy to play with. But it was about to become much more real than a fantasy.

It started off playfully in the club. We were just playing a game. Picking out strangers in the crowd and deciding whether or not we'd like to take them home with us, and what we would do to them once we got them home. There had been this one girl, with short hair that she had dyed a dark indigo colour with bright pink streaks in it. She had a nose piercing and bright eye coloured make up to match her hair. She had on a thin almost see through dress that kept falling off her shoulder, revealing bits and pieces of equally brightly coloured tattoos on her shoulders and back. We couldn't quite make out what the tattoos were of, but it didn't matter. We agreed that she would be a most welcome guest in our bed. She was dancing freely to the music, as if she was all by herself and no one could see her. She probably wouldn't have been the quiet timid type in bed. All the more fun to throw in the mix!

We usually picked girls to bring back with us during our games. Not for any specific reason, or on purpose. But out of the two of us, I was the more bi-curious, so it came more naturally to us to add a girl to our twosome. In the dark of the club tonight, I noticed a pair of eyes watching us from across the room. These eyes were dark, but seemed to have a shine to them, making them stand out in the dark room. They were lined with dark eyelashes that seemed to make them stand out even more. Underneath those eyes, were a pair of well shaped cheekbones, nose, good sized lips and a jawline that looked hand carved. He had long dark hair that he kept back and off his face, but it seemed to keep falling in his face when he was dancing anyway. He had on a plain white t-shirt that seemed to just hang off of his lean body and jeans he looked like he lived in. He wasn't the type to get all dressed up to go anywhere. He seemed to know almost everyone in the club and had to keep stopping and saying hi to people as they came up to him. I watched as he made his way around the club, while still managing to look back at us every once in a while. He was like a beautiful work of art that was fun to look at, but made you want to touch it. 

After a little while, I nudged my boyfriend and gestured towards this man and asked, "What about him?" 

My boyfriend looked at me, then back at him, looking a bit surprised by the lack of a joking tone in my voice. "I don't think you're playing the game anymore," he said smiling his perfect smile at me. 

He was much taller than I was and could easily see over the crowd of people around us and spotted the man I was talking about. He seemed to look at him for a while, and I saw them make eye contact for a bit. 

He looked down at me and said, "Well, at least you have good taste." 

We continued dancing for a while, forgetting about the man and our game. We became lost together as our bodies were grinding on one another to the music. I could feel him getting excited through his jeans and rubbed the firm outline of his thick cock with my hand, teasing him. Finally we decided it was time to go home as it became harder and harder for us to keep each other's clothes on. We began heading for the door. 

My boyfriend took the lead, since he could see over people, and I followed as his broad shoulders carved out a path towards the exit. I noticed he took a bit of a turn to the left and assumed he was navigating around a large group of drunk girls incapable of noticing their surroundings, when he suddenly stopped and we came face to face with the man I had been staring at almost all night. 

I watched as my boyfriend said, "We were thinking of heading home, would you care to join us?" to the man.

I couldn't believe it. My boyfriend was actually inviting another man home with us. My heart began to race. I was feeling anxious and excited at the same time. "What would he say?" I wondered, as my mind began wondering what he looked like naked. 

The man looked at both of us and said, "I was hoping you'd ask. I've been watching you two all night," and gestured for us to lead the way out.

We walked the short walk home in the chilly night air. We made some small talk along the way, but what do you really talk about in that situation? We learned that his name was Ethan, and introduced ourselves as Jailen and Isaac. 

We got inside and told Ethan to make himself comfortable. 

He sat down and said, "I'd like to watch the two of you start." 

With that, Isaac grabbed me by the waist and lifted me on to the buffet we had in the living room in one smooth motion. He spread my legs and began kissing me passionately, pushing his tongue into my mouth while running his hands over my thighs and ass. I lifted his shirt over his head and ran my hands over his strong back and stomach, pulling him in closer so I could feel his hard-on pushed up against me through his pants. He began unbuttoning the front of my short dress. As Isaac was busy with my dress, Ethan came up to stand right behind him, now without his shirt as well, and reached around for Isaac's belt. Isaac looked down for a second, but didn't make a move to stop Ethan. Ethan undid the belt and jeans and slowly slid his hand into Isaac's boxers, feeling his thick hard cock, warm with excitement. Isaac turned around to face Ethan, who lowered himself to his knees, taking Isaac's pants and boxers with him to the floor. Isaac leaned against the buffet and me, between my legs, and we all just admired his stiff exposed cock as it jumped with excitement. 

Ethan began stroking Isaac's cock in smooth slow movements, admiring how nice it looked in his hand. How well it filled it. Isaac watched as Ethan played with his cock. He couldn't help but be surprised at how natural and wonderful it felt to have a beautiful man stroking his cock. As Ethan placed Isaac's expectant cock into his warm, wet mouth, a moan escaped Isaac and I felt his knees buckle a little. I was getting more and more turned on watching this strange man enjoy the same cock I had enjoyed so many times before. I could feel my pussy getting wetter. I could see the veins on Isaac's cock bulging and could imagine how hard and warm he must feel in Ethan's mouth. Ethan seemed to know what he was doing - he was able to bring Isaac close to cumming, without going too far and letting him. He was playing with Isaac's balls with one hand, squeezing them, rolling them around, and stroking his shaft with his other hand. I could feel Isaac's body twitching with excitement against me, and could tell if Ethan kept this up, he'd be cumming soon. 

Just then, Ethan stood up and stepped back, murmuring, "Not yet," to Isaac, giving him a wink. 

He took him by the hand, and moved him away from in front of me. Ethan moved towards me, running his hand over my thigh, towards my hip and then towards my now wet pussy. My dress was fully open at the front now and he began kissing my breasts. He moved up towards my neck, kissing and biting, while his hands grabbed my panties and slid them off. He grabbed my neck on the side, and kissed me, bringing his body closer to mine. His other hand was now running over my exposed pussy, rubbing my juices over my clit and lips. He slowly slid his middle finger inside me and began very slowly to move it in and out while rubbing my clit in little circles with his thumb. He began kissing my neck and moved down to my breasts, pulling them out of my bra to bite on my nipples, shooting tingles through me, making me jump. I put my hand on his head and gently pushed him down towards my pussy. He began licking around my lips softly. I looked up to see Isaac watching us intently, stroking his thick, shiny cock. The sight of him naked and playing with himself pushed me over the edge and I grabbed Ethan's head and pushed it into my pussy. I was far too turned on for gentle licks by this point. Ethan played with my slit as if he had done this a thousand times before, and perhaps he had. I could feel my legs trembling as warmth spread out over my body from my groin. I could feel myself coming closer and closer to an orgasm. I grabbed Ethan's head to make sure he let me, and he didn't fight back. He began moving his tongue faster and more forcefully while using his fingers in circular movement inside me. I felt a shudder run through my body as I came, hard, nearly pulling out Ethan's hair. I had to move Ethan away as I felt like I might explode. 

Ethan looked at Isaac, smiling, and said, "Wanna taste your girl?" 

He moved towards him and putting his hand on the back of his neck, kissing him. Isaac could taste my pussy on Ethan and it was a strange sensation to taste something so familiar to him, on another man. After taking my dress and bra off, I moved to take Ethan's pants off, letting his hard cock free. His wasn't as thick as Isaac's but it looked to be a bit longer. I grabbed them by the hands and led them to the bedroom. I pushed Ethan onto his back on the bed, and spread his legs wide. I crawled in between them on my hands and knees so I was at the edge of the bed. I began licking Ethan's cock down the sides and around the head. Getting it more and more wet. I finally put my whole hand around it tight and began to stroke it along with mouth. Letting my tits graze against his thighs with my movements. I could tell Isaac was getting more and more turned on as he began stroking his own cock faster. 

I turned to him and said, "I want you to fuck me. I want to feel your thick cock spreading my pussy open." 

He stepped behind me, grabbing my ass and giving it a hard slap. He ran the head of his cock over my still sensitive and very wet pussy a few times before plunging in deep. I could feel his cock spreading me wide inside, making room for itself. I let out a low moan as he filled me. He began thrusting slow but deep, holding firmly onto my hips, pulling me closer as he thrust. 

I continued to stroke Ethan's cock but let my mouth wander down to his balls, taking them into my mouth one at a time. With my other hand, I began to trace small circles around his asshole as his hips began to rock. I moved my tongue down, licking down his balls, taking them into my one hand, squeezing them and pulling at them, while my other hand continued to stroke his ever hardening cock. I ran my tongue over his asshole and felt him jump a little. I ran it around the outside of the hole in circles, finally going over the hole. 

He began to thrust into the air with his hips, moaning, "I want to stick my dick in one of you." 

I moved farther onto the bed, so that Isaac had to lean a bit to continue fucking me. He was thrusting harder now, pounding me, but still without going too fast. He grabbed my bouncing tits and squeezed them in his hands as he fucked me harder. Ethan moved behind Isaac now. He started grabbing and squeezing his ass. Spreading his ass cheeks open. He began licking Isaac's asshole, making him moan. I knew Isaac liked having his ass fingered and would do that to him often. But he never got to experience it while getting to fuck at the same time before. I felt him dig his fingers into me as he trust deep and held it there. Ethan began to use his fingers to work Isaac's asshole, which opened up nicely from his being so turned on. Ethan seemed to have found our lube from the shelf and in almost no time, had more than 2 fingers inside Isaac's asshole, making him moan. Ethan was stroking his own cock at the same time, spreading the lube onto it as well. Isaac was thrusting faster now, with Ethan thrusting his fingers inside him. 

"I'm going to cum," Isaac said between breaths. 

"Not just yet," said Ethan as he positioned himself behind Isaac. 

He bent Isaac over a bit more and slowly squeezed his own now throbbing cock inside Isaac's tight warm asshole. Isaac let out a groan. I moved so that I was on my back and could watch Isaac getting fucked in the ass by this man. Ethan thrust into him slowly at first, but began to get faster. I guided Isaac's throbbing wet cock back into my pussy as Ethan's thrusts became Isaac's thrusts into me. We moved faster and faster, all of us getting closer to cumming. 

Finally, Ethan yelled, "I'm gonna cum," as he pulled out and moved to the side to come all over my stomach. 

He had managed to build up quite the load in this time and I could feel the warm streams of cum cover my stomach. At the sight of this, Isaac also came, pulling out and aiming higher up. His load managed to cover my large tits. He took a look at his girlfriend, covered in cum, his own body tingling at him and smiling. 

Grabbing a towel to clean me off, he said, "Well, that was fun!" and laughed.