 My job takes me to many different places during the year. Traveling isn’t really that bad. I visit new cities all the time, stay in five star hotels, and eat well. Couldn’t ask for more.

When I travel, I like to visit new places in a city, try new restaurants, or even go to a few clubs. I was in Los Angeles this time. I’ve been there so often, I was running out of ideas. I asked the clerk behind the desk if he’d heard of any new clubs that were supposed to be exciting. He told me about one club that had just opened and it was getting great reviews. After my business was finished, I decided to head out and see what all the fuss was about. I slipped into a tan suede skirt that barely covered my ass, a black silk halter top and a pair of three inch heels. I was set. 

The cab dropped me off in front of the club and it looked really incredible. With a tip for the bouncer, I was able to get in no problem. I stayed for about thirty minutes and was bored silly. The club was great but the people were annoying. I left and decided to see what was in the neighborhood. I walked maybe for a block and saw an interesting little club. I paid the bouncer and went in. 

The music was loud and pulsing. The lights were low and there were people everywhere. Not your normal club kind of people. This was a different kind of crowd and it intrigued me. I went to the bar and ordered a drink. I looked around and watched the people. I found myself getting very curious about this place but I couldn’t really put my finger on why. As I sipped my drink, a woman came over and sat next to me. She was gorgeous. Long blond hair to match long legs. She wore a black dress that had a clasp at the neck, then was open over her chest, just barely covering her breasts and then the material met again at her belly button. She turned to me and smiled.

I looked out at the club again, watching the people dancing and noticed some of them moving off into another room. This place was really intriguing.

“You’ve never been hear before, have you?”

The woman’s voice matched her looks, sexy. I turned to face her.

“No, I’m in town on business and just stumbled on this place. Do you come here often?”

“Yes. I practically live here. I’m Celeste.”

I introduced myself and looked around.

“What’s in the other room that keeps people going in there?”

Celeste turned and looked in the direction of the other room and smiled, licking her lips.

“Do you want to see? It’s lots of fun. It’s a playroom.”

“Playroom? What kind of playroom?”

Celeste stood and took my hand.

“Come on. I’ll show you. I think you’ll like it.”

I followed this beautiful woman across the room and into the other room. As we walked down a hallway, I started to hear noises. As we approached the end of the hallway, we headed down a few stairs and suddenly we were in another room. There were chairs and sofas situated around the room, and long tables here and there. The room was done in a lush velvet, deep colors and incredibly beautiful. The most amazing thing about this room though was scattered around the room, people were naked or semi-naked and they were having sex. 

I stood there with Celeste and watched. In one corner, an incredible red head was down on her knees giving a blow job to a man. Next to them, another woman was getting fucked in the ass by a woman with a strap on. I felt my body respond to all the sex in the room. My nerves tingled and my body got hot. Celeste took my hand and led me across the room to a chair.

“We can sit here and watch if you want. You only play if you want to.”

I sat down next to Celeste and watched the room. There was a table in front of us. A woman came over in front of us and stripped down to nothing. She laid back on the table, opening her legs wide. A man came over, fully dressed, and settled in between her legs. I watched mesmerized as his mouth lowered down to her pussy and he licked her. The woman moaned and arched up, her hands rubbing her breasts. I felt my body respond, my pussy getting wet. 

“I knew you’d like this. I could tell when I saw you that you’d enjoy this.”

I looked at Celeste, at her red lips and her beautiful body. She was right. I did love this. And I didn’t want to just watch. I wanted to play. I reached up and stroked her lips with my fingers. Her lips parted and her tongue flicked out to touch my fingers. I leaned forward and our lips met. She tasted sweet. Her tongue pushed against my lips and I opened my mouth to let her tongue in. Her hands came up and stroked my neck as her kiss intensified. My tongue pushed against hers and she moaned into my mouth.

Pulling back, she smiled at me. Her fingers reached up behind my neck and she untied my halter top. The material fell forward and my breasts were revealed. Celeste drew small circles around my nipples with her fingernail before she finally cupped my large breasts in her hand and squeezed gently. I leaned back against the cushions and she leaned down. Her kiss on my nipple was gentle, almost like a feather. Then, her mouth opened and she took my nipple into her moist mouth. Her lips closed around me she sucked slowly, pulling my breast into her mouth. I looked up and watched the table. The man was now laying on the table, naked. The woman was bouncing up and down on his cock. I watched her breasts bouncing up and down, his cock disappearing up inside her. I returned my attention to Celeste.

Celeste had moved to my other breast and was twirling her tongue around my nipple. I slowly stroked her hair, running my fingers through it. I slipped my hand under her chin and lifted her face up to mine. I kissed her slowly and then moved my kisses down her neck. My hand slipped down and stroked her nipple through her dress. Her nub was hard, pushing against the thin material of her dress. I leaned down and took her nipple in my mouth, sucking her through the dress. She moaned and reached up to unclasp her dress. She slipped away from me, standing in front of me. Slowly, she slid her dress down onto the floor. She was naked underneath and beautiful. I moved my eyes from her lips down her body to her naked, shaved pussy. 

I reached up and stroked her thigh with my hand. She quivered as my hand moved up. I watched her eyes as my finger slipped between her legs and gently touched her shave pussy lips. She was wet. I pulled my hand away and licked my finger tip. Setting my hands on her hips, I pulled her towards me. I kissed her stomach and then her thighs and then I kissed her sweet wet pussy. She moaned and opened her legs further. Slipping my tongue out, I touched her lips and licked up her slit. My mind was reeling. Here I was in a room full of strange people, sex was happening all over the place, and I was making love to a beautiful woman I didn’t know. I was in heaven.

My tongue slipped inside her lips and pushed up. She moaned and pushed herself down on my tongue. I found her clit and sucked it gently between my lips, pulling her nub deep inside my mouth. I noticed we had people watching us now. I slipped a finger down and inside her tight pussy as I sucked her clit. She was bucking her hips against me, pushing herself down on my mouth. Her moans were driving me wild, her begging was making me suck harder, faster. I felt her pussy tighten then I tasted her sweet juices. Celeste moaned and grabbed my head. I sucked hard on her pussy, pulling every last drop inside my mouth. She tasted wonderful. 

Pulling back, I looked up at her. She smiled and leaned down to kiss my lips. She moved down to her knees in front of me.

“Now, it’s my turn to make love to you.”

I leaned back and let her work. Celeste reached around my waist and unzipped my skirt. Lifting my ass, she pulled my skirt from me. She finished untying my halter top and then slowly slipped my panties off. All I had on were my heels. I looked around the room and watched a woman getting fucked from behind by a large black man. The woman looked me in the eyes and smiled. I watched her get fucked as Celeste lowered herself between my legs and licked my neatly shaved pussy. I moaned and opened my legs wider. 


Celeste licked me slowly, twirling her tongue over my lips and then pushing inside me. As she licked me, I stroked my breasts, squeezing my nipples. A man came over to us, his cock hard and standing firm against his stomach. He watched Celeste licking me and then stepped closer. He held out his cock for me and I slowly took him in my mouth. As Celeste sucked on my clit, pulling it hard into her mouth, I closed my lips around the tip of this man’s cock and sucked hard. He moaned and stroked my hair as I pushed my mouth up and down on his rock hard member. 

Wrapping my hands around his cock, I squeezed as I sucked, pulling my teeth gently along his cock. Celeste was pushing two fingers up inside me now, licking me and finger fucking me. I moaned on the tool in my mouth and sucked harder. I twirled my mouth around his cock, moving up and down quickly. I moaned as I felt my orgasm building. Celeste covered my pussy with her mouth and sucked hard. My orgasm tore through me and I moaned onto the cock in my mouth. 

Celeste sat up and moved over to kiss me. We kissed and then I held the cock for her. I watched as her mouth closed around it and sucked. We shared this hard cock, sucking and licking, taking turns. As I sucked his cock, the man moaned and pushed deep inside my mouth. I pulled him out and pumped his cum all over Celeste’s firm breasts. His cum covered her. I leaned over and licked her clean, sucking her nipples. 

The man moved away, leaving me and Celeste alone again. We cuddled on the couch, stroking each other and kissing. We watched others in the room.

“Who do you want next?”

Celeste felt the need to make sure I was happy. I looked around and saw a beautiful woman with a strap on in the corner. A petite blonde was just finishing sucking her own juices from the rubber cock.

“Her. I want her to fuck me while you hold me.”

Celeste smiled and left me for a minute. When she came back, she introduced Marielle to me. Marielle smiled at me as she stroked the rubber cock between her legs. She took my hand and led me to the table. Celeste climbed up first, laying on her back. I stepped up and laid down between Celeste’s legs. My ass rubbed against her pussy. Celeste held me, stroking my breasts, as Marielle climbed onto the table. Slowly, she guided the hard fake dick into my pussy, opening me wide. A crowd gathered around the table to watch. Celeste squeezed my breasts and kissed my neck as Marielle pushed her cock deep inside me. I moaned and opened my legs further.

I felt completely full as Marielle fucked me. She started slow, pushing and pulling her cock from me. I moaned and arched as Celeste held me. Then Marielle pulled out and I felt her push her cock into Celeste. Celeste moaned and I felt her arch up underneath me. I was so incredibly excited. Marielle moved back and forth, first fucking me then fucking Celeste. I moaned, begging for Marielle to fuck me harder. Her cock was slamming into my pussy now, ramming hard up inside me. My body shook and my orgasm tore through me. Marielle moved her cock to Celeste and Celeste moaned, reaching her own climax. 

It was late and I was tired. Marielle, Celeste and I returned to my hotel. The three of us slept cuddled up in my bed and then woke to have more fun together. I extended my stay in LA to another day and have promised to visit them whenever I’m in town. It’s amazing what you can find when you just wander around a city. I found my own little piece of heaven.