 Thinking of swinging? There's an app for that! In the new sharing economy, Club MiXXXer will safely hook you up with like minded couples at a luxury mansion. But, how do you get past your natural inhibitions, who's going to make the first move? You are about to meet Sal, your host for the weekend. Think of Hal, the devious computer in "2001: A Space Odyssey," and let your imagination run wild.

Please enjoy this new story. It is a work of fiction, intended for adult readers. All characters are adults, eighteen or older, and unusually horny. -- Taylor VanCannon.

The Article

Edie raised the covers and scooted into bed beside her husband of twenty-two years. His steely gray eyes and square cut jaw might intimidate his construction foremen, but to her, he was just a pussycat, her pussycat. "Anything good?"

Carl looked up from his iPad and smiled. After all these years, Edie's freckled face always brightened his mood.

He gave her a pat on the thigh. "It's very interesting."

She gave him a light smack on the chest. "And?"

"Okay, you asked for it. It's a news report about a new kind of business, a membership sex club."

She giggled and reached for his cock. "Looking for a younger model?" Two kids had taken their toll, and she looked every bit of her 44 years. She kept herself fit and didn't carry any extra weight, but there was no hiding the crows feet that accented her bright eyes. Her jet black hair needed a little help to fight off the gray creeping in.

He rolled onto his side and propped his head up on one hand. He rubbed the other over the thin fabric of her nightgown and reached for her breast, giving it a gentle squeeze. "This old buggy still has a few good miles on it."

His work kept him in shape and he had the abs of a man half his age. He was already three years younger than her, and his short spiky blond hair accentuated that difference. She slipped her fingers under the waistband of his boxers. "So, I'm a classic?"

He slid his hand down and cupped her mound.

"Mmmm," she moaned and pulled her sheer nightie out from under his hand.

He rubbed his hand over her neatly trimmed bush and pressed a finger into her wet slit.

"Ahhhh," she cooed. She pushed his shorts down and stroked his hard cock.

He kissed her tenderly and pressed his soft tongue into her mouth. He pulled her on top and let her guide his cock in.

She held him tight, nuzzling her face into the crook of his neck. She pumped her hips several times, sliding her slippery tunnel up and down on his shaft.

He cupped her tits and nudged her upright. She increased her pace while he fingered her hard nipples.

She moaned. "Oh fuck, babe, that feels so good."

He bit his lip and pressed himself up into her, matching her humping stroke for stroke. "Hurry, I'm getting close."

She pumped him furiously. She loved watching the expression on his face when he got off.

"Aaaragh," he cried out. He arched his back and jammed his spewing cock deep into her.

She felt his release and slowed her pace, watching his facial muscles contort in ecstasy.

Expended, his body collapsed back into the bed. "Fuck Edie, that felt good. Was I too quick for you?"

She wasn't above lying to him, but she was so far from getting off there didn't seem to be much point. An orgasm would have been nice, but she wasn't disappointed, she still enjoyed getting him off. Loving him was good enough. She nuzzled his neck, but still felt awkward telling him that it was okay. He did get off a lot quicker than usual. "Must have been the article."

He laughed. "Maybe, it did get me thinking."

"About what?"

"We've talked about if before... you know... swinging."

She propped herself up on her hands. "Carl, that was at least twenty years ago, before we had kids."

"I know, but we never did anything about it back then. Maybe we should try now; the kids are gone."

She rolled her eyes and laid on his chest, keeping his soft cock nestled inside her cunt.

"Oh come on, why don't you read the article. You might find it interesting."

The article was definitely responsible for his quick orgasm, and she briefly considered a snarky response. No point in causing trouble. "Tell me about it?"

He gave her a little hug. "Okay, the whole party thing is arranged over the internet."

Her snark was back. "Oh, the internet, I should have known. What could go wrong there?"

"Honey, It's not like that. Everything is done with the app, and the company has taken a lot of precautions to make sure that their clients remain safe."

"Like what?"

"Well, verifications for one. They require a Facebook account, with enough friends and history to confirm that you are real."

"Any hacker can fake that; and besides, it's not exactly what I want my Facebook friends reading about. What else?"

"Well, you also have to supply a photo ID and a PayPal account, and then answer questions they pull from your credit history."

"Okay, that's a little harder, is there more?"

"You have to upload a short video introducing yourself."

"Let me guess, they get a free porno of you and I fucking, and then plaster it all over the internet. No thanks."

"No, just a simple video, fully clothed, for their internal use. No clients ever see it."

"I'm not getting this, what exactly would we be signing up for?"

"They have lots of different packages, but the basic one, the one I was looking at, is a long weekend party at a private home. You arrive Friday evening and leave Sunday night."

"So, how do you pick the couple you'll... well, you know?"

"You don't pick anybody specifically. It is more like a house search, where you specify the parameters you are looking for."

"Oh, I see: stacked washer/dryer, big yard, long driveway, that kind of stuff?"

"Will you take this seriously! You can specify couples only, or an age range. Stuff like that."

"I see, so you select a couple and then go spend the weekend with them... and what?"

"No, you don't actually know who you will be with until you get there. The company makes up the groups based on your selection parameters."

"Groups? You mean there's more than one other couple?"

"The place near us goes for $40,000, for a weekend party, plus $100 per person. So, it depends on how much you want to pay."

She did the math and frowned. "So, two couples would be... $20,200 each. That's crazy!"

"Well, no, they have a ten person minimum. So five couples would be more like $8,200."

"That's still too much; we're not paying that kind of money, and we're definitely not fucking four other couples."

"I agree about the money. Their entry level package is $2,200 for the weekend."

The math took a little longer this time. "That's twenty couples. Do we have to fuck them all? How is that even possible?"

"Edie, there are no rules. You don't have to fuck anybody."

"Why else would you go?"

That was an interesting reply. Had she accepted the idea of fucking other people in a private club? The fact that they were still discussing the possibility was enough to bring his cock back to life. He pressed himself up into her.

"Ohhh, I wasn't expecting that." She rose up on her hands and squatted down onto him, drawing him deep inside her. She licked her lips.

He massaged her breasts and thumbed her nipples, getting them hard.

She moved on his cock, gently humping it.

He squeezed her butt cheeks and used his arms to lift her hips up and down on his hard shaft.

Although talk of the sex club didn't get her aroused, his hard cock certainly did. She was grateful for his strong arms, taking some of the weight off her legs. The pressure on her clit at the bottom of each stroke sent little jolts of pleasure through her loins. "Harder... faster... don't stop."

Her breath came in sort noisy gasps. She licked her dry lips and pumped even harder.

He gripped her cheeks and pressed his fingers into her crack, touching the tight pucker of her asshole with the tips of his fingers.

Her heart was pounding. She sucked in a deep breath.

"Fuck!" she yelled as a powerful orgasm ripped through her rigid body.

Carl frantically fucked her from below, gripping her hips to keep from bouncing her off of his cock. He blew another load inside her just as her orgasm ebbed, and then collapsed into a heap on the bed.

It took several minutes for her breathing to return to normal. Edie hugged him tight and whispered into his ear, "That was fantastic... I can't remember the last time you got me off like that."

He kissed her.

She returned his kiss, probing his mouth with her tongue. "I can't remember the last time you got off twice. It's that article, isn't it?"

He smiled. "I actually read it a couple of days ago. I've been trying to figure out how to bring it up."

"You've been thinking about this for days? No wonder you're so horny. Maybe you better tell me more. What's the name of it?"

"Club MiXXXer," Her reached for the iPad to show her how it was spelled.

"That's cute and to the point; do they have a website?"

"No, it only works through the app."

"Show me."

"I haven't downloaded it."

"If you haven't seen it, what were you reading?"

"A review that appeared in the Financial Times of London. A business reporter interviewed a couple that attended a party, but it was pretty general. Apparently, you have to sign a nondisclosure agreement when you join."

"They were interested in the financial angle?"

"I think that was just a ruse. They were more interested in the sex. Should I download the app?"

She climbed off him and reached for the Kleenex to keep herself from dripping all over the bed. She sat up and leaned against the headboard, and then patted the bed next to her. "Sit up, I want to see this."

It took a few minutes for the app to download and install. When he tapped it, a registration screen popped up. She adjusted the iPad so they could both see it.

She pointed to the privacy agreement button and said, "Let's see that first."

It took her a minute to read the short statement. "Pretty tight. No online access to any personal information and only first names are used at the party. Keep going."

The next screen was an authorization to access his Facebook account.

Edie frowned. "Wait, do you really want your Facebook friends to know what you're signing up for?"

"The article discussed this. They never post anything to your Facebook, but it is one of the parameters you can enter when you register for a party."

"Huh?"

"You can specify how many degrees of separation you want from your Facebook friends. You know, so you don't run into people you know."

"I don't get it."

"You can say no Facebook friends, no friends of friends and so on. However deep you want to go."

"Okay, I get it. Wouldn't want to run into my boss at a party."

Carl laughed. "What about me, I wouldn't mind running into her?"

Edie smacked his thigh, hard enough to make a loud crack. "Go ahead, register".

The next screen requested Carl's PayPal ID and password. Once he entered the information, the first of several questions popped up.

"Do you recognize any of those phone numbers?" Carl asked.

"Yeah, the third one down, from when we lived in Phoenix."

After answering four more questions from his ancient history, he was asked to verify their billing and shipping addresses. Lastly, he entered his cell number.

"Finally," Edie said.

"Hey, at least they were thorough. It's $100 to complete the registration. Should I to it?"

She reached in and tapped the authorization. After a brief welcome screen, a list of party locations appeared. The closest one was about a hundred miles from them. She tapped it.

"Oh my God! Look at that place." The first picture was an aerial view of Teal House, a mountain top estate in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada, on the way to Tahoe. She read the particulars, ten bedroom, nine bathrooms... "Wait a minute, ten bedrooms for twenty couples? What the fuck?"

Carl laughed. He gave her a few moments to ponder what it meant. "Honey, the bedrooms aren't for sleeping. Remember, people aren't going there for rest and relaxation. There are plenty of places to crash."

"If we don't have a room, what do we do with our stuff?"

"First of all, we don't take much stuff. Everybody gets their own locker and there are separate locker rooms for men and women. They are more like lounges, where you can take a break from the action, if you need it."

She returned to the pictures. Two caught her eye: the grand living room was huge and could easily hold twenty couples; the outdoor infinity pool had three levels, with two enormous hot tubs. "It looks like some of the bedrooms are in the guest house."

"They are, but it's just a few steps from the main house. To tell you the truth, I don't know if it even gets used. Did you see how many different sitting areas there are? Did you see the video room with that arc of recliners. I'll bet ten people could fit in those."

She laughed. "Imagine what they could be doing." She reached under the covers and gave his soft cock a squeeze. "What's next?"

"We look for a party." He tapped the Teal House and brought up a registration screen. He read, "Will your spouse be joining you?"

"Fucking A," Edie said, giving him a suspicious look.

"They want your Facebook, you have to register separately."

"Put it in," she said, "I'll go get my iPad from the kitchen."

It took about ten minutes for her to work through the same registration process that Carl did. After another $100 registration fee, she was registered and linked to Carl's account.

"Okay." Carl tapped on the screen. "Now, we are going together. Happy?"

She stuck her tongue out at him. "Now what?"

"We pick the party size."

She shook her head. "Go with the twenty couples, that's all I'm willing to pay for."

"Look at that," he said, pointing to the big number at the top of the screen.

"2,353, what is that?"

"I think it is the number of people that have made the same selections that we have made."

"Whoa, that's a lot of people. How big is this thing?"

"The article didn't mention this feature. Lets move the age range."

Edie dragged the bottom age range across the screen, starting at 18. The big number started dropping almost immediately, slowly at first, but by the time she got to 45, the number was under 500. She moved it back to 40 and set the top age range to 50. Less than 700 people were left. "Looks like we're in the minority."

"Lets keep going, we can always go back and change it." He tapped on the calendar icon and got a list of dates, but they were all grayed out.

Edie frowned. "Does that mean there are no dates that meet our criteria?"

"I think so. Let's get rid of the age range for now."

After making the adjustments, there were eight dates available. Next to each date was the number of open slots, and then in parenthesis, a count of the number of singles. "Should I pick a date?"

"How about this one?" He pointed to one of the dates with openings.

"Try it... no, wait... Let me check my calendar." She opened her calendar and did some quick math. "It's been a long time since I've had to worry about... never mind, try the week before, or the week after."

"Here is the week before. Move the age range and see what happens."

Edie adjusted the range up from 18. The date went gray when she got to 24. "Fuck, she said, that's just two years older than our kids."

"Try the next date."

"Well," Edie said, "it's a little better. The youngest on that date is 28. Let me try the top range." The date went gray when the slider moved down to 62. "Eww, that's how old my dad is."

"Should I go back to the 24 year old?"

Edie took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "Yes, I don't want to be fucking any of my dad's friends."

Carl chuckled. "Looks like the age range is 24 to 52, can you live with that?"

"I guess, what's next?"

"We check our Facebook friends, hold your breath." He clicked one degree of separation. "Zero conflicts."

"Click two," Edie said.

"Still zero conflicts."

"Go one more," she said.

"Four conflicts. That means four people at the party have a friend, who has a friend, who is friends with us."

"How many people are registered for that date?"

"There are only two openings. You do realize that it is only two weeks from now?"

"I know, and it's already making me nervous. There are four singles, what is the asterisk next to the singles count mean?"

He tapped it. "Oh, that's interesting, the singles are two sets of identical twins."

"Mmmm," Edie said, "men or women."

"One of each, and look here, there is a breakdown of the demographics for the party: for men, there are three blacks, three hispanics and the rest white; for women, there are three blacks, one asian, one hispanic and the rest white."

"Should we do it?" Edie asked?

"I'm game. I still can't get over that mansion. It's incredible."

Her finger hovered over the register button. She took one last look at her husband and then pressed it.

"Oh-oh," he said. "We just have a tentative reservation and we've been charged the full amount. It looks like we need to apply for a medical clearance." He tapped once again. "They want the names of our primary care doctors."

"Why? I don't want my doctor knowing about this."

"And they only accept medical clearance forms directly from the doctors."

"What kind of clearance?"

"Oh this is good. They tell our doctors that we have applied for a 30 day outdoor adventure school in the Amazon and that we will be living in close quarters, so they are particularly concerned about communicable diseases."

"Cute, they seem to have thought of everything."

After submitting the information, they set aside their iPads and scooted under the covers.

"Excited?" Carl asked.

"I'm getting there." She kissed him goodnight and turned out the lights.

Registration

Carl pulled their car up to the gated entrance to Teal House. A young woman in a crisp white blouse emblazoned with the Club MiXXXer logo approached them. Carl rolled down the window. "Hi, I hope we're not late?"

"Not at all, you have plenty of time to check in before we get started."

"Is everybody else here?"

"Yes, we have a full house this weekend. Let me be the first to welcome you to Teal House, my name is Samantha and I'll guide you through the check in process." She opened Carl's door. "Just leave the keys, and the valet will take care of your things." She walked around and opened Edie's door.

She checked her clipboard. "Carl & Edie Socket, is that correct?"

"Yes," Edie said, "but I thought we just used first names here."

"Among our guests, it is just first names. But the check in staff need to verify everyone entering the premises. It's for your own safety."

Samantha seated them in front of a desk, and then walked around and sat behind a big computer monitor. "May I see your photo IDs?"

The check in process went smoothly. Edie needed three takes for her profile photo before she got one she was happy with. They were fitted with wrist watches that had a black face and no buttons. Edie messed with hers, but it didn't appear to even keep time. Next, their fingerprints were scanned for their lockers. They reluctantly emptied their pockets and gave up their phones for the weekend.

Samantha led them up to the main house and took Edie into the women's locker room. Edie located her locker and opened it with her thumbprint. Samantha repeated the process with Carl.

"Thanks for joining us at Club MiXXXer," Samantha said. "Your personal items will be placed in your locker once security is finished with them. Orientation starts shortly, so just follow the instructions on your watch."

They cut it pretty close. The watch came to life and guided Carl to an upper balcony overlooking the Grand Living room. Edie ended up on the main floor, looking out over the pool.
