 Please enjoy this new chapter. It is a work of fiction, intended for adult readers. All characters are adults, eighteen or older, and unusually horny. -- Taylor VanCannon.

Double Trouble

Judy checked herself out in the mirror of the master bathroom. Fucking the 24 year old twins left her keenly aware of their age difference. Young at heart, she was feeling every one of her 38 years. She rubbed the slight bulge of her tummy and then turned and did the same thing with her ass. It made her wonder why the twins picked her in the first place.

"Hi Judy," Edie said, walking into the room.

"Edie? What are you doing here?"

"The same thing you are, getting ready for an ass fuck."

Judy blushed. "You know about that?"

"I do, and I know who the lucky guy is."

Judy covered her mouth, genuinely surprised. "How?"

"I suggested it."

"What?"

"Carl was there when I made a deal to do the twins, and he asked Sal if anyone would take him up the ass. Your name came up."

Judy blushed again. "What deal?"

"To jump to the front of the waiting list for the twins. I had to give up my ass and do a double penetration."

"I hate to break this to you, but I think you made a bad deal."

"Yeah, I made it before I heard about your experience with them. What's the deal?"

"They just graduated from law school and are getting ready to join their dad's law firm. I think they've spent so much time studying that the only girls they have time for are on the internet... you know... porn."

"How did they end up here?"

"You're going to love this. It's their graduation gift from Daddy."

Girls, you better get moving, the guys are getting anxious. There are kits under the sink. I'm not sure how much longer I can keep them waiting.

Judy bent down and retrieved two anal kits from under the sink. She handed one to Edie.

Edie opened it and held up the enema bulb. "Really?"

Judy shrugged. "It's my first time, and I don't want to take any chances. How about you, have you done this before?"

"Yeah, but it was at least twenty years ago, before we even had kids."

"Did you like it?"

"I can't even remember it, so probably not. But, I know Carl is hot to try it."

"Let's get this over with," Edie said, taking Judy by the hand. Five minutes later, they were both clean as a whistle.

"Check out the toys," Edie said, holding up the bag of butt plugs.

"Do we need them?"

"It will make things go a lot easier. I could use a shower; it would be a good place to try them out."

The shower was huge, with double water sprays on each side.

Edie took the soap from Judy. "Let me do it."

She took her time soaping up Judy, letting her hands roam freely over her body.

"That feels so good," Judy said, when Edie squeezed her tits and tugged on her hard nipples.

Edie cupped her mound and soaped up her pubes, and then reached under to slide a soapy finger up her ass. "Ready to try a butt plug?"

"Yes," Judy said, "but don't stop rubbing me."

Edie turned her sideways and wiggled the smaller butt plug into her asshole. At the same time, she pressed her finger up into Judy's soapy cunt.

"Ohhh, just like that, don't stop. Do we have enough time?"

I'll make time Judy, let the guys wait.

Edie pulled out the butt plug and inserted the next size up, and then found Judy's hard little button.

"Fuck! I'll take this over the twins any day. Keep going." Judy wobbled and leaned forward to reach for the grab bar.

Edie fluttered her finger against Judy's clit. Judy panted and made a loud gasping sound each time she sucked in a breath. She was ready to explode.

"Oh my God!" Judy's legs buckled, and she dropped to her knees.

Good girl Judy, I hope this makes up for the fiasco with the twins. Take all the time you need to finish. I'll keep the guys at bay.

Edie pulled Judy to her feet and swapped out the butt plug, easily inserting the largest one in her ass.

Judy soaped up Edie and reached for her crotch.

"As much as I'd love to, we need to wrap this up. Just soap up the big one and I'll try to take it."

Judy wiggled it in without too much trouble. They rinsed off and stepped out of the shower.

Edie, if you and Judy want, there are some special butt plugs in the top draw. Take a look and let me know what you think.

Judy held up two butt plugs with long cat tails. "Sal, you've got to be kidding."

Edie cracked up when she saw them.

"Bend over," Judy said, "I've got to see this." She stepped back and admired Edie's fuzzy black tail.

You have two minutes.

Judy checked her watch for directions and hustled out of the room. Edie stood at the picture window, looking out at the starry night sky.

"Sal, tap me when the twins are close."

She placed her palms on the counter and looked out over the moonlit landscape. The magnificent view inspired her and renewed her enthusiasm for the task at hand, determined to avoid the pitfall Judy had experienced with the twins.

She turned and faced the entry when Sal tapped her. At the last moment she remembered to tuck her tail up out of sight.

The twins bounced in, exuberant, with their cocks pointing forward, leading the way. An image of grade schoolers on the playground flashed through her mind.

As they approached, she caught them glancing down. "Hi boys, looks like you're happy to see me." If they caught the irony, they didn't show it. They looked so eager, she halfway expected them to ask her to bend over right then.

"Hi Edie," one of them said. She still had no idea how to tell them apart. "Sal told us that you asked for us, that we get to do you in the ass."

Subtle, she gave them a nervous smile and steeled herself. "Did you get a good look?"

That stopped them cold, unsure exactly what she meant, confusing them.

She nodded down and watched their eyes drop to her crotch. Now that she had their attention, she reached down and spread the lips of her pussy, flashing her pink gash.

"Holy shit!"

She gave them a wide grin. "Ready for a little fun?"

They moved forward, ready to stick their cocks somewhere, anywhere.

"Hold on boys, we need to talk."

Now they were really confused.

"Judy gave me the 411 on you two."

"What did she say?"

"Something about quick on the trigger... I'm not sure what she was talking about. Do you know?"

They both blushed.

"Hey, I'm just having a little fun with you two. You do know that I'm old enough to be your mother?" Oops, that was not the image she wanted planted in their heads. "Cheer up, you boys are going to remember this fuck for the rest of your lives."

Their confusion turned to curiosity.

"John," she said, waiting to see who answered. "When was the last time you jacked off?"

The twin on the right blushed. "Why would you ask that?"

"Trust me John, you won't regret it."

"Go ahead," Jack said, "tell her."

"Okay," John said, a little sheepishly. "It was this morning, after breakfast. I was just a little worked up about coming to this club, so I logged on and checked out my porn favorites."

"What did you watch?"

"A blowjob video, you know, the POV kind."

She wrapped her fingers around both their cocks and brought them closer. In a breathy voice, she said, "Nasty, did he cum in her mouth?"

John shook his head and gave her a toothy grin.

"Ahhh," she whispered, her hot breath spilled into their ears. "Then she must have taken a facial... did she beg for it?"

He nodded, vigorously. She had their rapt attention. Without another word, she dropped to her knees and took several wet sloppy sucks on each cock. She looked up and batted her eyes, "That's what I want, a wet, gooey facial. Can you do that for me?"

She took turns sucking their cocks, listening for just the right moment. When she heard it, she pulled back and let them take over. "Yes, yes, spray me with your hot cum... I want it all over my face..."

Fuck! Those boys were fast. The first rope forced her eyes closed. She opened her mouth, giving them a target for their last few shots.

"Jeez Edie," Jack said, "that was fucking fantastic."

She stood and used her tongue to play with the gooey mixture in her mouth. They watched in stunned silence as she swallowed and then scooped cum off her face and licked her fingers. She reached for a wet-wipe to finish the job.

"Are you aware how big your balls are?"

"What do you mean by that?" John asked.

"I mean literally, you two have really big balls, and they hang low."

"Yeah," Jack said, "I have, but never from a girl."

She chuckled. These two really were green. "Something else, John's right nut hangs lower than the left, and it's just the opposite for Jack."

"Now that I've never heard before."

Edie glanced down at her watch when she felt the tap. Did you hear the rumor, Jack's left nut hangs low. No more guessing which twin is which.

"What's so funny?" Jack asked.

She showed them the message. Before they could react, she turned and bent over, giving them a quick look at the tail hanging our of her ass.

"Damn, Edie," John said, "you are full of surprises. What's next?"

"How'd you like to learn how to eat some pussy?" She hopped up on the counter and spread her legs.

Jack was first to his knees and planted his face in her crotch, nuzzling her kinky pubes.

"Okay, take it nice and slow. Lick the outer edge of my lips, along the hair line."

Her prickly hair tickled his tongue, but he did as she asked, getting the area nice and wet.

"Now, go inside, but just with the tip of your tongue. Start at the bottom and go up one side and then back down the other."

"Let me try," John said, pushing his brother to the side.

"Oh yeah, John, your tongue is so soft. Next time you get to the top, feel around until you find a hard little nub."

She waited patiently. If felt good, but she was a long way from getting off, and John was struggling to find her clit. "Jack, you try."

Jack took over, actually finding her spot.

"Mmmm, that's it, right there. Show it to your brother."

They switch back and forth several more times. She was hot and eager to get off. The twins might actually pull this off. After two more runs, she was panting.

"How are we doing?" Jack asked.

"Fantastic, I'm getting close."

John stood and plunged his hard cock into her cunt. No way, she thought, they couldn't be hard again already.

"Can I do your ass?" Jack asked.

Fuck! Fuck, fuck, fuck... This wasn't supposed to happen, not after all that planning. She looked into Jack's eager eyes and knew that there was no denying him. After all, she's the one that made this deal. "I can't wait." If they caught her sarcasm, it didn't put a dent in their enthusiasm. She locked her arms around John's neck and lifted herself off the counter, perching herself on his hard cock

John easily handled her weight and turned toward his brother.

Edie closed her eyes and waited for the inevitable. The twins didn't need any further instructions.

Jack tugged on her tail and popped it out of her ass. His cock replaced the tail in the blink of an eye. She hung on for dear life as the twins pounded her holes. It was over in less than a minute.

After a quick clean up, the twins were off to their next fuck and Edie was left wondering where in the hell she went wrong. She stretched out on the bed and stared up at the ceiling.

Problems?

"Hey Sal, I seem to have hit a wall. Where's Baako when you need him?"

There is a rumor going around that you and Judy are the only ones taking it up the ass. You have quite a following.

"Yeah and you started it. I don't need another cock up my ass, I need to get off."

You're not the only one, Judy made you husband happy, but she didn't get off either. She's on her way to you.

"Hey girl," Judy said, and laid on the bed next to Edie.

"I can't believe Carl let you down."

"It was my fault," Judy said. "He offered to get me off first, but I was a little concerned about doing my first anal, so I turned him down. Big mistake!"

"What happened?"

"It didn't take him long to blow a load in my ass."

"Damn," Edie said. "I didn't do much better. I gave the twins a quick pop thinking they would do a little better the second time. It almost worked."

I've got guys waiting in line, I could send up two right now.

Edie laughed. "Sal, I want to get off, not get gang-banged."

You got Judy off in the shower, you could go that way.

Edie looked at Judy. "Sal, I like the sound of that." She hopped off the bed and took Judy's hand.

Or, if you're feeling frisky, I've got something else in mind.

Edie was afraid to ask.

"Do I still get to do Edie?" Judy asked.

Absolutely! Check out the second drawer in the bathroom, under where you got the tails.

Judy held up two masks. "Masks?"

Yes, put them on and see how you look, and then put your tails back in.

Edie cracked up when she saw the results. They looked like two felines on the prowl. The masks didn't disguise them, or cover much of their faces; it just made them look like cats, with long whiskers and cute little ears. The tails completed the outfit.

Judy smiled to Edie. "Sal, are we going to have an audience?"

You're very perceptive Judy. Check the next drawer down.

Judy tossed Edie the red spandex garments and wiggled herself into the blue ones. The top clung to her shoulders and reached just past her elbows. A cape hung about three quarters of the way down her back. Each leg came up to mid thigh. No one would mistake these outfits for clothes.

How do you look, and who is wearing red?

"Pretty fucking sexy," Judy said, "Edie's in the red outfit."

Follow your watches exactly, I don't want anyone to see you just yet.

Edie said, "Did you notice that Sal didn't give us a choice?"

I told you I can be very persuasive.

Ringside

Edie and Judy stepped into the dimly lit gym.

"Sal, what's going on?" Edie asked.

Do you trust me?

Edie laughed. "To what, spread rumors, absolutely."

Cute, if I could be insulted, I'd resent that.

"What do you want us to do?"

I'm putting you in the ring for a battle to the finish.

Spotlights lit up the boxing ring, sending brightly colored circles of light dancing around the ring, like a pair of boxers coming out of their corners.

"We're going to fight?"

Don't be silly, you're going to see who can get the other off first.

"Let me guess, we're going to have an audience."

They're on their way now, but I haven't told them why. Are you in?

Edie looked at Judy and shrugged. "You haven't steered me wrong, yet."

Good, Judy, you go to the blue corner, and Edie, you're in the red corner.

The gym was plunged into near darkness, leaving only a thin rope light outlining the perimeter of the ring. They couldn't even make out how many people entered the gym.

The music started softly, a thumping electronic wall of sound that increased in volume until it reached a heart pounding crescendo.

Sal let it rip. Are you reaaaaady to rummmmmble.

The unseen crowed went wild, whooping and hollering. The circles of light returned, dancing to the thumping music. Several bright spots converged on the girls as they pumped their hands to the beat of the music.

They came out of their corners and pranced for the hidden faces. They shook their asses and got their cat tales swinging. Before heading back to their corners, they took a trip around the ring and slapped the cocks sticking through the ropes. Pandemonium broke out in the boisterous crowd. Edie counted six cocks.

Howwwwward Cosssssell here. I'll be calling this cat fight, and I've got to tell you, it promises to be exciting.

Edie lifted her watch. "You do impressions too?"

In the red corner, fresh off a double fuck with the twins, our champion, Eeeeeedieeeee.

Edie jumped up to the screams of the crowd and toured the ring, slapping cocks. She counted four more than last time.

In the blue corner, fresh from... oh my, if this is true, we've got a grudge match on our hands. Fresh off her first ass fuck with the champion's husband, is our contender, Juuuuudyyyyy.

It was Judy's turn to prance, twice around the ring, basking in the attention of the cheering crowd.

Gentleman, you're betting on the girl that gets her opponent off first. The betting window will close in 30 seconds. Behind every good fighter is a good trainer, and what better trainers for this event than their husbands, Carl and Baako.

Both girls turned, shocked to see their grinning husbands looking up at them.

Tonight's purse is $2,300. The winning girl gets a 20% share and the looser gets 10%. Edie is a 3-2 favorite. Each round will be 30 seconds, until we have a winner. Laaaaadieeeees, come out and... oh, I don't know... bump something.

They pranced around the ring slapping cocks and then jumped into the center for a tit bump. The crowd roared as they returned to their corners for last minute instructions.

Carl motioned her close. "Sal wants you two to go easy on each other for the first five rounds."

Edie was incredulous. "She wants to fix the match?"

"Not exactly, I think she wants to bump up the betting."

"Shit! I'm so horny I don't know if I can even last five rounds."

"Time to go, you start on the bottom."

The sharp ring of the bell echoed through the gym before she could ask who decided that.

Edie leapt from her corner and rolled onto her back. She held back until she felt Judy's face in her crotch and then lifted her head into the curly pubes of Judy's pussy. The noise of the crowd was deafening, destroying her ability to concentrate. She kissed Judy's puffy wet lips and fought the urge to use her tongue. Her musky scent was driving her crazy with lust. She opened her mouth, ready to take a lick. Thankfully, the bell rang.

"How are you doing?" Carl asked.

"I'm having trouble holding back. I'm jonesing for her pussy."

"What about her?"

Edie realized that she was so preoccupied that she had no idea what Judy was doing.

Laaaaadieeeees, go to the center of the ring for round two. The purse has increased to $5,800.

They couldn't resist another round of cock slapping. There were still ten cocks, but two women had joined the crowd.

Edie had her tongue deep inside Judy when the bell rang ending round two. At least she managed to stay away from her clit.

She survived three more rounds without getting off, but she was holding on by a thread. Back in her corner, she said, "Carl, I'm not going to make it. Judy is driving me right to the edge."

Laaaaadieeeees, back to the center of the ring for round six. The purse has increased to $9,400. Judy's odds have increased to even money.

After another quick tit bump, Judy leaned in and whispered, "You're going down!"

The sharp clang of the bell prevented Edie from responding. She didn't take well to that challenge.

Edie had the advantage on top and attacked Judy's clit, lashing it mercilessly, focusing all her energy on the tiny little button. Judy was bucking, trying to bounce Edie off of her pussy. She had her right where she wanted... until...

We have a winnnnnerrrrrr. Juuuuudyyyyy. Juuuuudyyyyy.

The crowed chanted her name. Judy crawled out from under Edie's limp body, jumped up and pumped her fists. She raced to her corner and leapt to the top rung, holding up her arms in a victory salute. Baako gripped her legs to keep her from falling. Judy was higher than a kite; she had taken down the champion and was about to eclipse Edie's fame.

Edie slinked back to her corner, a defeated woman.

"You're taking this kind of hard. Didn't you just get off; how was it?"
