 Please enjoy this new chapter. It is a work of fiction, intended for adult readers. All characters are adults, eighteen or older, and unusually horny. - Taylor VanCannon.

Diversions

Sal assembled the entire group in the grand living room. They were back into their robes and had just finished a fabulous brunch served on the pool deck.

A large HDTV screen descended from the ceiling and the Club MiXXXer logo scrolled across the screen. An animated blue dust devil whirled and danced around the screen. It got everyone's attention.

Edie spotted her name whirling around inside the dust devil. Apparently it was made up off all the names in their group. Gloria's name flew out of the dust devil and ricocheted off the edges of the screen. More names flung out, depleting the whirlwind until it disappeared and all the names were in two columns, one on the left for men, the other on the right for women. They didn't appear to be an any particular order.

A drumbeat accompanied the guitar, followed by a thumping base beat. On each beat of the drum, two names bulged and a little arrow shot from one to the other, causing them to jiggle. A counter popped up next to each name, keeping track of each arrow strike.

After the third strike between Baako and Edie, the applause started. It was clear what the arrows represented. It took a little longer to realized that each arrow strike moved a name up the list. The applause got even louder.

When the last arrow arced across the screen, Edie's name topped the women's list and both John and Jack were tied at the top of the men's list. The counter totals were truly impressive, especially for the women.

Congratulations to each and every one of you, for making this the most successful first day we've ever had here at Club MiXXXer.

A loud cheer erupted.

Unfortunately, your pace is not sustainable.

A groan rippled through the crowd, but Edie knew she was right. She was exhausted and the meal left her drowsy.

To counteract that, we are offering you several diversions to choose from, to re-charge your batteries, so to speak.

A one minute video played, describing a tournament quality golf course carved into the towering pines and granite walls of an old quarry. The aerial shots of the lush green fairways were breathtaking.

Next came a heart stopping promo for the Cirque du Soleil show playing in Lake Tahoe. But the real attraction was what came after the show, a two hour training session with the cast and an opportunity to rehearse with one of the acts.

Last was a drone video of a hiking trail winding through the spectacular scenery of the Sierra Nevada, weaving in and out of the tree-line, past crystal clear lakes dotting the landscape.

The dust devil was back, dancing across the screen, sweeping up names as it grew in size.

You can catch a nap on one of our luxury coaches, and I guarantee that whichever choice your make, you will return refreshed and ready for day two. Make your choice now.

It came as no surprise to Edie when Carl's name was the first to spin out of the dust devil and into the golf column. She opted for the hike.

*****

Sal tapped her wrist until she woke, just as the passenger coach pulled into the trail-head parking lot. The last thing she could remember was reading the trail options as the bus pulled out of the gate at Teal House. The rest was well deserved.

Edie, along with Fred and Gloria, were the only ones that selected the most difficult hike. The driver assembled his charges and passed out fully stocked day packs.

"What time do we have to be back here?" Edie asked.

"You don't, you're on your own schedule. Just let Sal know when you've had enough, we'll come find you. Your watches will work on the trail, but only if you have the day pack with you, so don't leave it behind."

Edie turned to her hiking companions. "Hi, I'm Edie."

"Hi, I'm Gloria," she said, extending her hand, "and this is Fred."

"We've met," Fred said, taking Edie's hand.

She arched an eyebrow; she didn't remember him.

"You took my best shot in the ring," he said.

A thin smile pursed her lips. What do you say when you meet a guy for the first time, only to learn that he's already been up your ass?

Gloria sensed her discomfort and flicked Fred on the arm. "Smart ass!" She took Edie by the hand and turned back to her husband. "Eat our dust!"

They were in their late twenties, early thirties, probably the children of hippies; flower children, out of place by at least five decades. Fred's angular face and sharp edges was partially hidden behind a thick mustache. Edie had no doubt that Gloria would soon be picking a wildflower to adorn her long golden locks. Still, they were nice people and seemed happy to be outdoors, communing with nature. They were both fit and would be good hiking companions.

The pungent aroma of pine permeated the forest around them. A thick blanket of pine needles carpeted the forest floor. A brisk thirty minute hike brought them out of the tree-line and onto a sea of smooth, undulating granite. They left the well worn trail and followed the small stone pyramids marking the trail as it crossed the vast expanse.

They stood on an outcropping and looked down at a lake so clear and still that you couldn't be sure where the shore line started. The turquoise water was inviting, and they looked for a way down.

Sal taped Edie.

"Wait," she called to Fred, "there is a better spot up ahead, a place where we can take a dip."

Fifteen minutes later they sat on a smooth expanse of granite that disappeared into a beautiful turquoise lake.

Edie checked her watch. "We can swim here, but it will be brisk." She tossed aside her clothes and waded in up to her thighs. She dove forward into the clear water and quickly popped up, gasping for breath. "Shit! That is cold."

Fred and Gloria laughed, but it didn't stop them from giving it a try and getting the same results.

Edie stretched out on the granite and let the late afternoon sun dry her off. She watched Fred and Gloria prance around in the shallow water, stretching their arms to the sky in a ritual only they understood. Edie was struck by the thick tuft of hair growing under Gloria's arms. Why not, it went well with her thick bush. However, it wasn't all flower power; her legs were shaved.

They dressed and got back on the trail. Edie checked her watch. "Sal says that we can keep climbing for a couple of miles to a pickup point, or we can go back the way we came."

"Forward," both Fred and Gloria said in unison and pointed up the trail.

It took the nearly an hour to cover the rugged terrain. As promised, a driver with the Club logo was waiting for them. "It's just a short walk," he said, taking their day packs.

"Whoa," Edie said, taking a look at the big RV. "That's for us?"

The driver held open the door. "Come on in, there's cold drinks in the fridge and a hot shower in back. Make yourselves at home, you are back at Club MiXXXer."

They stepped up into the luxury vehicle. Edie noticed that there was no walkthrough for the driver. They were in a private room. Her thoughts immediately turned carnal. She let them go first in the shower and opened a cold beer.

It was no surprise when they walked out of the shower, freshly scrubbed and naked. It didn't take her long to wash off the trail dust; she didn't want to miss any of the action out in the RV.

"Sal," she whispered, "are we cool here in the RV?"

That's subtle, Edie.Yes, you are cool to fuck Fred. Apparently you made a real impression the first time.

"Yeah, so I heard. What about Gloria, is she... you know, like Judy... interested?"

Don't know, want me to plant the seed?

"No, I'll do it."

Enjoy!

Fred and Gloria stretched out in the expansive recliner, easily big enough for two. She idly stroked his hard cock, barely moving her hand.

Edie smiled as she approached. "Starting without me?"

Gloria winked. "Just keeping him ready for action."

Edie nudged Gloria's leg over, making just enough room for her to sit on the edge. She placed a hand on Gloria's thigh, just above the knee and gave it a gentle squeeze. "Were you in the gym last night?"

"No, but Fred hasn't stopped talking about it."

Edie winked at her. "Let's hope he got that out of his system." She glanced at him with a look that crushed any hopes he might have had for a repeat performance. "Did he tell you about me and Judy?"

"You mean before... well, you know."

Gloria's small breasts were shaped like inverted funnels, conical and standing firm even while lying down. Her areola were lighter than her skin, and large, covering nearly half her breast. Her tits looked like tiny snowcapped peaks. Edie reached for one and gave it a tender squeeze.

"Yes, did you hear how I lost the first round?"

"I did..."

Edie moved her hand down and pressed her palm into Gloria's thick bush. "Feel good?"

Gloria nodded, and then squeezed Edie's breast with her free hand.

"Hey," Fred said when Gloria released his cock. "Am I included?"

Edie licked her palm and then wrapped her fingers around his cock and gave him several slippery strokes. "If you behave, I'll make room for you."

Edie strode to Fred's side of the love seat. She got him to his feet and pulled Gloria over so she lay sidewise of the recliner. She squeezed both tits and thumbed Gloria's hard nipples. She bent down and licked her ear and then whispered, "Don't worry about me, I'll do you first."

Gloria arched her back and extended her arms, wrapping them around Edie's back. She turned her head and kissed her on the lips, licking them with her wet tongue.

Edie crawled up on the chair and buried her face in Gloria's thick pubes. She squeezed the underside of her thighs and pulled her legs up, opening up her glistening pink gash. Edie's tongue darted in and explored her sensitive flesh.

Gloria gripped Edie's ass cheeks and lifted her head to take several quick licks.

Fred nudged Gloria out of the way with his cock and slid it into Edie's slippery cunt.

Edie barely noticed Fred's cock filling her, but instead focused all her attention on Gloria's quivering snatch.

Gloria moaned when Edie attacked her hard little button, sending tiny jolts of pleasure roiling through her loins. Drops of Edie's musky juices fell to her lips with each stroke of Fred's pounding cock.

Gloria gasped, sucking in one last breath before locking her arms around Edie's ass and waited for the explosion she knew was coming.

"Aaaragh!"

It was Fred! Gloria had barely understood the goo dripping from Edie's cunt when her own orgasm hit, knocking all comprehension from her mind. Her rigid body bucked, eking out every ounce of pleasure Edie could deliver.

When she opened her eyes, her face was coated the mixture oozing from Edie's cunt.

Fred dropped to his knees and kissed Gloria's forehead. He used a finger to scoop the goo into her mouth and then finished the job by licking her face.

Edie turned back and saw the top of Fred's head against her ass. "Don't forget about me!" She rose up on her hands and pressed her crotch into Gloria's face.

Fred spread her cheeks and attacked her asshole, rimming it with his tongue.

With two tongues probing her sensitive holes, Edie didn't take long to get off. When she was close, she dropped back down and buried her face into Gloria's crotch; inhaling her musky sent was all it took to propel her into the abyss.

The Gazebo

Edie stepped out of the elevator, surprised to see her husband waiting at the door. He appeared even more shocked than she was.

"What are you doing here?" Carl stammered.

Before Edie could react, Gloria took Carl by the hand and whisked him off; she looked over her shoulder and mouthed 'Sorry' to Edie.

"What was that all about?" Fred asked when Gloria was out of sight.

Edie shrugged. "Sal?"

You made an impression on Gloria, so I tempted her with Carl; she couldn't resist the opportunity, two for one, so to speak.

"Yeah, maybe, but I saw the look in Carl's eye. Does Gloria know what he wants?"

Fred looked at her, curious about what she meant.

All right, so I glossed over that part. By the way, rumor has it that you give great head, and I'm not talking about blowjobs.

Fred figured it out. "Anal?"

Edie nodded. "Has she done it before?"

"Yeah, a few times. It's no big deal, she won't mind."

Edie gave him a thumbs up. "Right Sal... and you're the one spreading the rumors."

Of course I am! Want to know who is first on your wait list?

"Enlighten me."

Amy.

If Edie harbored any doubts about doing another woman, the prospect of Amy's perfect little mound put them to rest. "Tempting, but what about my new friend?"

Bring him along.

Fred grinned and held out his arm. "Lead the way."

They met Amy on the pool deck and made their way across the lawn to the gazebo. Inside, Gloria was sitting on a round bench, about five feet in diameter, with a thick cushion. She sat with her back to them, obviously sucking a wide eyed Carl.

"Hey babe," Edie said.

Gloria looked at Carl and grinned, stroking his hard cock. "Did you arrange this?"

He started to protest, but Edie cut him off.

"He's innocent," Edie said, "at least of putting us all together."

Gloria gave her a curious look. "There's more?"

Fred winked at her and motioned for her to get back to business, which she did. Amy lay back on the cushion and spread her legs for Edie. Fred dangled his limp cock in her face. Amy tilted her head back and sucked his soft cock into her mouth, taking it all in.

Edie licked her bulging mound, raking her tongue over the light stubble covering the rounded surface. She used the tip of her tongue to lick up and down the cleft, gently teasing it open.

Amy gagged when Fred's hard-on wedged in her throat, and he pulled out of her mouth. He pushed it back in, with the same results.

"Don't," Gloria said, placing her hand on Fred's abs, keeping him for going back in. "This is supposed to be fun." She looked up at Carl, "Do you mind?"

Carl shook his head. Gloria got to her hands and knees and bent down to kiss a relieved Amy. She turned her head and took her husband into her mouth. Amy played with his balls and watched Gloria take him deep.

Carl knelt behind Gloria and nuzzled his face up into her hairy crack, and then wiggled his tongue into her.

"Oh... babe... That's... so... good," Fred huffed between gasps for breath. "I'm... going... to..."

Both Edie and Carl stopped what they were doing to watch Fred dump his load into his wife's eager mouth. Gloria stroked him dry and then leaned down to kiss Amy on the mouth, forcing her sticky tongue between her lips. Together, they toyed with Fred's goo until it was gone.

Carl stood behind Gloria and pressed his cock into her slippery cunt, easily slipping it in.

Edie went back to work on Amy's hot little pussy, lashing her tiny clit until an orgasm enveloped her bucking body. Amy's sweet nectar dripped from Edie's lips as she rose to admire her handiwork.

With Fred and Amy out of action, Edie flipped Gloria onto her back and straddled her face. Carl got back inside Gloria and pounded her while she sucked Edie.

Gloria used her lips to nibble Edie's clit, driving her wild with lust. She patted Gloria's thighs and got her to bring her legs up so she could reach her calves. Carl pulled out of Gloria and help spread her legs and roll up her ass until he was staring straight down at her hairy pucker. He used the head of his cock to tease her thick juices down into the crack of her ass.

Edie moaned, close to getting off.

Fred saw what Carl was up to and helped out by smearing her slippery goo into her ass crack. He pressed a finger into her asshole.

Gloria felt the finger and steeled herself for what was coming next. Apprehensive, it was not enough to interrupt her assault on Edie's hard little nub.

Carl's cock slid into her ass with little resistance, just in time to watch Edie get off, shrieking with pleasure. It was too much for him; he blew his load before getting all the way in.

Edie knelt and kissed Gloria, licking her musky juices off her lips. She whispered, "Did you get off?"

Gloria shook her head. "I was so close, I need one more cock. Is Fred up to it?"

Edie looked over at Fred's limp dick and shook her head.

A frustrated Gloria shouted, "Sal!" She flipped over onto her elbows, waving her ass in the air.

I'm on it.

In just moments, Jack and John bounded into the gazebo, led by their hard cocks.

"Ahhh," Gloria moaned as one of them slid into her ass. John managed a dozen quick strokes before blowing his load.

"More..." Gloria shouted. "I need more."

Edie whispered into her watch, "Sal, I think we're going to need reinforcements."

Jack did a little better, but still didn't last long enough to get her off. He pulled his dripping cock out just as Jeff entered the room.

Edie reached up between Gloria's legs.

"No," Gloria said, "I want to see if I can do it without help."

Edie withdrew her hand and watched Jeff jam his cock in and pump her.

Gloria gripped Edie's arms and held on while Jeff pounded her ass. She could barely catch a breath between loud grunts. Fred massaged her back and whispered something to her. Moments later, her body went rigid as an orgasm rocketed though her body.

Jeff's cock was locked in her ass, unable to move. The pressure was enough to finish him off. Lucky for him, because he had to wait for his cock to soften before he could pull out.

They lay in a heap on the round bench, arms and legs akimbo, hanging off the sides.

Edie looked at Gloria. "That was quick at the end; what did Fred say to you?"

She laughed. "He said, 'Baako's standing at the door.'"

"Holy shit!" Edie said. "That was close."

The Elders

Edie extended her arms and legs and tried to stretch out on the crowded bench of the gazebo. There wasn't enough room, so she stood. "I'm going for a soak in the hot tub."

"Sounds good to me," Gloria said, "anybody else?"

From the gazebo, all five made their way to the brightly lit hot tub, overlooking the pool. It was empty.

Edie ducked under the warm water and then came up for air, just barely keeping her head above the bubbling surface. She moved over to one of the jets and positioned herself so that it pounded her lower back. It was a nice way to end the day. Carl scooted over next to her and squeezed her thigh.

Amy raved about the Cirque show and the chance she got to try her hand performing on an aerial hoop. Despite the net under her, the experience was exhilarating. She was describing how she did an inverted split when she got tapped and brought her watch up. She furrowed her brow when she saw the message.

Edie grinned at her. "Oh-oh, does Sal have something in mind for you?"

"Did you know that Baako was watching me... watching us... in the gazebo?"

Edie and Gloria looked at each other and broke out laughing.

"What's so funny?" Amy asked.

"Inside joke," Edie said. "Is he asking for you?"

Amy heaved a big sigh and nodded.

"Well," Edie said, "you know how that worked out for me. I'd do it again in a heartbeat."

Carl pinched her thigh, hard enough to cause her to turn on him. "Ouch, do that again and I'll tell Sal I want to do him, right now."

"Now kids," Gloria said, "can't we just all get along."

When the laughter subsided, Amy asked. "You think I should do it? I mean... he's so big."

"You won't regret it," Edie said. "Ask for the wicker love seat down on the pool deck. It was fantastic."

Amy ducked under the water and stayed there until she the need for air forced her to the surface. She smiled to Edie and spoke into her watch. All four of them had their eyes glued to her tight young ass as she left the tub.
