 My girlfriend Josie and I like to go to the clubs quite a bit. We like to go to different clubs and mix up the night a little bit. On our last night out though, we encountered a bit more than we thought. 

Last Saturday, we started out just like we always had; a few drinks with friends at the house before we headed out. Sam and his wife Monica, Danny and Lisa, and Taylor (who had just broken up with his girl) were all looking forward to dancing the night away. After an hour talking about the club we should go to, Sam recommended that we hit the all time favorite "The Dunes". We all piled into the cab and headed downtown.

After the 30-minute wait in line, we grabbed a table and the girls went to the restroom. We ordered drinks as soon as the waitress came around, a nice 23-year-old red head with an ass that you could bounce a dime off of. 

Taylor quickly started to make with the conversation, and she looked like she was into him; which was good considering how bad his break up was. He needed to get back into the game, and it looked like the waitress might just be the thing. When the girls came back, Taylor was still talking with the Samantha (the waitress) and was making very good progress, but the girls return signaled she should go get the drinks instead of talking to Taylor. 

As the night went on, all the couples moved out to the dance floor, leaving Taylor all alone at the table. This gave Samantha the opportunity she had been waiting for; she came back around and started talking with Taylor again. We were all happy for the poor bastard, and stayed out on the floor a little longer than we all wanted to.

When we got back to the table Samantha promptly disappeared again, which made us all curious. Taylor said she was busy and that he had also gotten her phone number. After a few more drinks, Josie was really loosing up. She started getting wild on the dance floor, and I knew she was going to want satisfaction tonight. Which was fine with me, she gets freaky in bed when she drinks; which is why I like to take her out a lot.

At about 1:30a the party looked like it was breaking up, Sam, Monica, Danny, and Lisa were talking about getting a cab together since they live close to one another; while Taylor, Josie, and I all live within 6 blocks of each other. 

Once they left, Taylor decided to talk with Samantha a little more; leaving me alone with a drunk Josie. She leaned over and whispered she wanted me to fuck her in the ass tonight and cum inside her. Just the sound of that made me hard, I wanted to leave the club right then; and would have too if Taylor hadn't started a fight. 

It turns out that Samantha was dating the bartender (they were having problems and hadn't officially broken up yet) and the bartender didn't like the idea of Taylor hitting on his soon to be ex-girlfriend. 

I rushed in to see what was going on, but the bouncers got a hold of Taylor and I and tossed out. Once outside I explain to the bouncer that I had nothing to do with it and was a spectator in the wrong place, and my girlfriend was inside waiting for me. 

The bouncer told me I had five minutes to get her and leave, and made me leave my I.D. with him. I rushed inside and told Josie what had happened and we had to leave. She got pissed (I know that we were leaving anyway, but a drunk girlfriend is hard to reason with). 

Taylor was hailing a cab when we got outside, and Josie saw that the bartender had cut up Taylor's face pretty badly. She wanted to take him to the hospital, but Taylor convinced her that he was fine. She only gave in when he said he would let her bandage him up once we got back to her house. 

Back at her place, Josie took him straight to the bathroom. I wandered into the kitchen and made myself a drink; not that I needed anymore, but I had that dry mouth that comes with drinking. 

When I finally stumbled into the bathroom to see how things were going with Taylor, I was shocked to see Taylor topless and kissing Josie while his hand fondled her breast. They stopped immediately when I entered the room, but they both knew that I had seen it. 

Before I could grab Taylor to kick his ass, Josie put me in shock with what she said. 

"This was my idea, and I have another if you want to listen!" 

I stumbled back, spilt my drink on the floor, and started to leave. Josie ran up to me and blocked the door and said 

"You know I like to get fucked when I drink, and tonight I want to have a fantasy come true. I want the two of you to fuck me raw!" 

I couldn't believe what I was hearing, this isn't the girlfriend I thought I had! She leaned forward, kissed me and pulled away smiling. 

"I know you like watching porn and seeing one girl fuck two or more guys, why don't you live it now." 

I thought about it for a minute. Taylor walked out of the bathroom and said 

"I'm really sorry Dave, I'll leave now." He said as he grabbed his jacket. 

"Wait, if she wants two men to fuck her raw; then I say lets give the slut what she wants!" I said smiling. 

"Wait a second Dave, this is going to change everything for all of us!" Taylor said. 

"No it won't! So we all fuck tonight. That doesn't mean we are going to do it on a regular basis! I just want two big cocks tonight." 

Josie shouted as she started taking off her dress. I could feel my dick getting harder while she got undressed. Taylor looked at me to make sure this was real, and we were still friends. I started to take off my shirt and said, 

"You going to just stand there or do you want some of this pussy?" 

Taylor promptly unbuttoned his kakis and slid them on to the floor. I have never worried about the size of my dick before, but the bulge in Taylor's briefs was the biggest I had ever seen. When Josie got a look at it she remarked, 

"Wholly shit, is that real?" 

Taylor smiled and said 

"Your about to find out." 

I slid out of my kakis and said, 

"Who gets what?" 

Josie smiled and said 

"Don't worry about the details, just give me some of that cock!" 

With that she took off her panties and started rubbing my nipples. Taylor came over and started rubbing his cock (still in his briefs) along Josie's ass. She started to moan and pulled her head back. I kissed her neck, and she grabbed my cock. Taylor was feeling up the slender sides of Josie and working his way around to her breasts. I reached down and felt her pussy, which was soaked. 

I had never seen her this wet before. I slipped one finger in her pussy and started working it in and out. She started gyrating her hips to the rhythm of my finger. Taylor was pinching her nipples and kissing her on the neck. I slid my finger out and took off my boxers exposing my 8" rock hard cock. 

Josie looked down at it and said, "I want to suck on that!" 

Taylor moved so she could get on her knees and walked over beside me while she engulfed my rod. She started small and shallow working around the head at first, and when she had built up enough saliva she went all the way down to the base of my shaft.

Taylor looked at her with my cock in her mouth and took off his briefs. Josie stopped sucking me immediately when she got a look at his 12 ½" hard cock. She grabbed it with her other hand and started stroking him and went back to sucking me. 

I said "Don't neglect Taylor, I don't think he wants just a hand job." 

With that she pulled her mouth off me and took all of Taylor in one big mouth full down to the base of his cock. I looked at her with Taylor's cock in her mouth and got even harder (if that is possible). She stopped for a minute to suggest that we go over to the couch to make her pussy more accessible. 

Taylor sat on the couch and she still on her knees bent over and continued sucking his huge dick. I got behind her and slid two fingers inside that wet juicy pussy. She started to moan as I pumped her with my fingers. After my fingers were nice and wet, I pulled them out of her pussy and slid one into her ass. She went wild and pulled up from Taylor's cock long enough to say 

"Oh yes, I love it when you fuck my ass with your fingers! Put another one in my ass, I want 3 fingers inside me!" 

I slid the other wet finger in her butt and decided I should wet the third one by slipping it in her pussy. She started to gyrate her hips when I had two fingers in her ass and one in her pussy. 

"That's it, I want you to fill me up! Put another finger in my pussy!!" 

I slid the last finger inside her pussy and she loved it, thrusting back into my hand. I wanted to shove my cock inside her, so I pulled my fingers out of her and moved up to stick my dick inside that wet waiting pussy. Taylor was getting the blowjob of his life; Josie kept taking his huge cock all the way to the base while I put the tip of my hard cock on her pussy and started to tease her with it, putting it in only slightly and pulling it away. This drove her crazy, and she pushed back on my cock to get more inside her. 

I put my man meat half way in her pussy and just about came, it was so wet, I had never been in a pussy this wet before. I started pumping her hard at first and she kept moaning while she sucked Taylor. After a few minutes of this, she said 

"I want Taylor to have a shot at the wet pussy while you fuck my ass!" 

Taylor lay down on the floor and she slid right down on him moaning the whole time, I was amazed that she could take a cock that big going in the first time; but she was very wet. 

Once Taylor had gotten the feel of her pussy, she leaned forward and said 

"Put that cock in my as Dave! I want to feel two men in me!" 

I got on my knees and slowly pushed my cock in her tight ass. She was lubed up a little, but not enough. I ran my fingers by her pussy to get them wet enough to juice up my cock and then pushed my cock inside her. She whimpered a little while I was pushing into her, but once I was in she started moaning and saying, 

"I love this! I have never been so full of cock! Fuck me with those cocks! I'm cumming!" 

Taylor and I had good rhythm from the start; we slid in and out of her like we had done this a million times. It only took about 10 minutes for me to cum, and I spurted more cum in her ass than I had ever before. Taylor shot off not long after me, and coated her pussy with his cum. 

We all lay on the floor to spent to move and eventually passed out. In the morning, Josie got up before us and started cooking breakfast. When I woke up, Taylor was already at the kitchen table eating waffles. Josie, Taylor and I agreed that this was a one night only kind of thing, and we shouldn't do this again. Who knows though, there is always next Saturday.