 It was a very hot summer's night. This Friday we had left the office early, to celebrate our quarterly achievements. We had been eating out and having a few drinks down at some pub with our team and a few colleagues from marketing. As we got outside again I declined the invitation to go on with some of the younger colleagues who went roaming the pubs down town deep into the night. I didn't like to hang around in places which were too crowded or too noisy to have a decent conversation. And I didn't feel like much drinking either. But it was also too early to my liking to go home already. As I walked back to our office and the underground parking I tried to figure out something I could do. 

As it happened I was walking behind Karen and Linda. Karen was a married co-worker of mine, and Linda the girl from our marketing department. They're both about my age, in their mid thirties. After I caught up with them I found myself walking slower than my usual stride, as I was fixing my eyes on the swaying butts right in front of me. This was a sight I had to savour as long as possible. Although I never fancied both of them much, my loins started to stir up. 

One of my favourite daydreams has always been about this club in the north part of the city. It used to be a conventional sauna, but it had been converted by its current owners to a swing club for couples. I had been there on my own once. It didn't bring me the wild and abundant free sex I had in mind, but it was my first experience witnessing other people having sex. That is, apart from the mechanics of an uninterested couple in some sleazy peepshow. At the Paradise club I did witness some nice sex acts up close, like a woman on all fours slobbering at a black man's penis while her husband banged her from behind. And a smallish built girl draped on a high round pyramid-like platform in the middle of a room, surrounded by semi-naked people who at the invitation of her husband took their turns fucking her. I wasn't invited. 

I certainly wanted to go there again, but the entrance fee for a lone male was a bit too high to my liking, and no sex guaranteed. I figured I had to go there with my wife sometimes, or with any other female for that matter. Bringing your own asset should be the key. But how to find one who was willing to go with me... As I contemplated these thoughts, I suddenly bumped into Linda and Karen, as we had arrived at the door to the parking. I stuttered some excuse, but this was barely noticed as the girls were busy trying to get into the door. Karen was fidgeting with her key, but the door wouldn't open no matter what she tried. Linda made a call with her cell phone, and then said: "I knew Mark was still at work, and he is coming down in a minute. When he leaves we can slip inside through the car exit."

"Feels like breaking into your own building, won't you say?" I said.

"Well, at least it won't be too long before I can go home. Frank is waiting for me, but he must get up early in the morning to play soccer," Karen sighed.

"I don't mind," Linda said, "it's too hot to sleep already, and I don't feel going home anyway. I'm glad it's nice and hot out here, with that loom little breeze to get just that little coolness..."

We headed towards the car exit. After some ten minutes chatting and I admiring the thin summer dress clinging to Linda's features and the firm ass of Karen enclosed in her tight designer jeans, the metal roll-down door came alive. As it was halfway open we entered the garage, thanked Mark for leaving now, and headed to our cars. As Karen got to her car she said goodbye, stepped in and rode away.

"He Linda, figuring what you just said, I think we might have the same feeling about tonight. I feel way too loom to go home, but where to go..."

"Yeah Paul, I know what you mean. If I could just get rid of these clammy things... It gives me goose bumps, you know, being dressed like this in this heat... All the while I just want to feel unhindered by these pressing bra-straps and clutching clothes..."

"Well... I'm getting a little bit awkward myself... and not only because of the heat...," I managed to say.

"Oh, poor boy, is my talking doing things with your thing?" Linda teased me.

"... Well uh, I guess you could say so..."

"He, let's drive to the Mac. I'm really thirsty and it's still open until midnight. If we figure out something to do, we can always decide there."

And so we drove through the city to the McDonalds. As we parked our cars next to each other, I didn't feel like getting out. I had become even hornier, and stepping out of my car now was not a good idea. I put down the passenger door window, and asked Linda to step in.

"Ah, we have naughty thoughts, aren't we?" Linda grinned as she sat down next to me.

"Is it that obvious?" I asked.

"It is if you are sporting a hard-on like that!" Linda beamed pointing at my crotch.

It was clear it really didn't matter much if I had gotten out of the car, or just stayed seated, or at least as far as Linda was concerned.

"Shit," I said. How could I save myself now.

"He, it's no big deal, Paul. I understand what the heat at this hour does to a man, especially when confronted with a female body clad only in a thin dress... clinging as it is to my body. Let's take the drive-inn. We can't go inside the restaurant now."

"You will not tell anyone, will you? I mean, at the office?"

"Why? Because nature took over when you were happy to see me? I can only see this as a compliment!" She shifted in her seat as I drove towards the drive-inn entrance. 

"Hell, I could even be talked into some naughty business... consider it... just you and me, one hot night, nobody knows, no-one gets the wiser... yeah, that would be nice to do! Let's go some place where we can relax and get rid of some steam!"

"You're serious, are you?"

"I guess so, yeah, but mind you, I don't fancy a fling at the office. But feeling horny as we do, and not fancying going home anyway, I can't think of anything better to do than find a place where we could unwind ourselves a bit."

"Ok, let me get this straight. You're suggesting me we go some place, like a club or something, and have a good hot time tonight. Just getting our rocks off, no attachments, nothing said or asked later..."

"Yeah, that sums it up all right, I guess."

"I do know a place I'd like to go, if I may suggest anything. It's not even far from where we are right now. It's called the Paradise club."

"Yes, I've heard of that one. Isn't it a sauna for the liberal minded? Sounds fine to me!"

"Well, actually it is more than just a sauna where the occasional sexual interaction is accepted. Nowadays it's a couples-club, where men don't leave with their hard-on, as they say. People come there to have just plain hot sex, simple as that. And not only with the person they came with, but with others as well. Couples can enact their fantasies, women can participate in a gang-bang if they like, or couples just seek out others to enjoy each others company."

"Well, we could go there, I guess, we could pass as a couple, wouldn't you say?"

"Can I take your order please?" a nice female voice asked me at the first till. 

"Two large banana milkshakes, please," I ordered. "Or would you fancy a coke or something instead?" I asked Linda.

"No no, banana shake is fine. I can surely use some cooling down before we will be heading towards your infamous club which no doubt should turn me into some sleazy woman..."

***

After parking my car we walked to the Paradise club. The entrance was in a small alley, to the side of the building. We were welcomed by a nice brown haired girl with a broad smile, who explained us the lay-out of the accommodation and provided me with a plastic bracelet, similar to the ones used at pop concerts. The club facilities comprised a change area, leading to the pool area, a bar and dance floor, food stalls, and play rooms.

"What is the change area for? I have no other clothes with me, or swimwear or anything..." Linda asked the girl.

"Well, swimwear is not used here anyway. But you can go around as you like, the way you are dressed now is just fine. Only, after midnight lingerie is obligatory, or completely in the nude if you prefer... In the change area you will find lockers which you can use for your clothes. There are showers, and there's a stack of towels to be used. Just take one with you wherever you go. Condoms can be obtained from the bar, and in the playrooms you will find bowls with condoms in every corner."

"Well, considering it's already past eleven, I say we first have a drink at the bar, suck in the atmosphere and have a look around. If that doesn't scare us off we can decide to stay and go for the changing room," I suggested Linda.

With a nod she confirmed my plan and off we went to the bar area. To the side of the room were several alcoves, each with big couches in a U-formation around a low table. Some couples were dancing to the slow music playing softly in the background. People were sitting at the bar and in the alcoves chatting with each other. We got two glasses of dry white wine from the bar, and we set down on a couch facing an occupied one. Two couples were in an animated conversation. One of the girls was a bit tipsy, and the two men on both sides of her started to take liberties at her. They stroked her breasts through her blouse, and one of the men slowly brought his hand under her skirt. Glancing at us, he made sure we witnessed how he started to fondle her pubic area. The girl squirmed in her seat and giggled soft sultry noises. She opened her legs a bit giving her companion better access, meanwhile giving us an unhindered view of how she was being fingered. The other girl didn't want to be left out, so she nestled herself against the man next to her. She started to kiss him wildly, and tugged at his shirt. 

"Lin, isn't this some spectacle?" I said as I hesitantly put my right arm behind Linda's back on the back of the cough.

"Paul, we're supposed to be a couple, remember? You just imagine we belong together and behave as if I'm your wife. Forget everything else and go with the moment." 

Then she put her left hand against the side of my face and lightly kissed my lips. She put her right hand on top of my thigh. Softly stroking my upper leg, Linda moved her hand agonizingly slow towards my crotch. As I felt my cock rising in anticipation I put my left hand on her breast, which made her sigh. Her tit fell amazingly soft yet firm at the same time. Her nipple started to grow for sure, as I could feel it pushing right through the material of her bra and her flimsy dress.

"The way I feel right now I cannot leaf at midnight..." Linda whispered in my ear. "Those people opposite us make me so very horny... I simply have to feel your hot cock inside me very soon..." She licked my earlobe with her tongue.

This was music to my ears. Not that I particularly fancied boning Linda, but feeling her body against mine did wonders to my libido. She did start my horniness this evening by walking in front of me. And now her fingers had started a journey I didn't want them to stop. Hell, the way I was already worked up during the last hour, I probably would fuck any female coming to my rescue. But there's certain sweetness to the vision of fucking your colleague. Like tasting forbidden fruit. Fondling Linda's tits was nice for starters. Because of what she whispered in my ear I now took my right hand down her back. I gently rubbed her backside, and let my hand travel down towards her butt. At last I boldly grabbed her right buttock. Just for a sec she raised her butt from the cough in surprise. But then she settled her butt against my hand with a sigh of relief.

The girl who was being harassed by one of her companions on the cough facing us made persistent cooing sounds. At one point the pitch of her voice became considerably higher, and for a moment she stopped breathing all together. A high shriek escaped her lips as she reached an orgasm.

Linda had started to openly stroke the growing bulge in my crotch right through my jeans. I was getting more and more uncomfortable, both from Linda's interest in my crotch as from the spectacle in front of us. I suggested we took a walk around the place and see what was going on elsewhere.

When we got up I noticed more people were in the bar area than before. About half of them were couples, the others were single males. We got ourselves another glass of wine from the bar and wandered off towards the stairs.

At the bottom of the stairs we stumbled into a tall and gorgeous stunning looking blond girl in a bathing wrap. She had a weary look though. 

"Having fun, are we?" Linda asked.

"Oh yeah," she said as her face lit up. "It is just that I've been fucked five times already. I'm a little bit tired now, but that will be alright once I've taken a shower. I guess I better jump in the pool for now."

"Would you mind if we join you, then you can show us around a bit if you like?"

"OK, sure, just follow and I show you. My name's Cynthia, but friends call me Cyn." The girl was now beaming from ear to ear, her open face sporting a bright smile.

After we gave her our names she grabbed Linda's and mine hand, and towed us behind her through a doorway into the shower area. 

Looking at me she said "Paul, the number on your bracelet corresponds to a locker number. You can type in your own code before you close it. I say the two of you strip your clothes off now and put them in the locker. Lingerie is allowed after midnight, but I wouldn't bother about that. You could easily lose it anyways. And you wanted to join me in a swim first, so you must get naked now anyway..."

"Uh..., Lin... " I started to stammer.

Linda shrugged her shoulders, and stepped out of her shoes. She took the hem of her dress in both hands, gave me a smile and slowly she started to pull her dress over her head. Underneath she wore black shiny panties with a matching bra.

"Gee, Lin..." I sighed.

"He," Cynthia quickly picked up, "first time here I guess? And you're not married, huh? Take it from me, most people here aren't. Just behave as if you belong together and it will work out very fine..."

Linda winked at Cynthia and turned her back to us. She put her dress in the locker, stepped out of her panties and undid her bra. After putting her underwear on top of her dress she strode away calmly and self-confident in the direction of the pool.

"What a figure... what an ass... " I stammered, overthrown by the unexpected beauty Linda had kept out of sight for years underneath her clothes.

"Paul, I guess now it's your turn. Come, I will help you!" She touched my arm, which brought me back to life. 

In a daze I let Cynthia release my clothes. First she undid the buttons of my shirt. As she started to take my shirt off, I slipped my hand inside her bathing robe. She stopped undressing me when I touched her naked skin, and just let me feel her. My breathing became irregular as my hands roamed around, exploring her torso. Cynthia started to giggle a little bit and encouraged my doing with a big smile. My hands found her perfectly formed breasts, which to my delight were on the small side. My heart jumped up and I felt my cock twitch.

I got a better grip on those dream-tits. They nicely filled my hands, the perfect size. Slowly I kneaded those firm titties. The nipples were pretty strong, and I felt them grow inside my hands.

Cynthia took my shirt of, unbuckled my jeans and let them drop to the floor. "Come on now big boy, put your clothes in the locker and let's get ourselves wet in the pool."

I did as I was told and wrapped a towel around my waist as soon as I had lost my briefs. 

"He, it's no time to be modest now, and besides... that doesn't hide your weapon anyway...!" Cynthia said laughing, pointing at the towel which tented out due to my enormous erection.

"OK, you win," I said resigning as I followed her to the pool. As we came around the corner, I didn't see Linda. There was a couple at the pool, sitting on the edge with their legs in the water. Two more couples sat on two recliner chairs halfway at the side of the pool, busy with each other in a heavy petting session. A few people were actually swimming; one of them had to be Linda. Cynthia walked right to the edge of the pool, let her robe slip from her shoulders and stepped into the water. It was at that moment I understood that Cynthia was not only top less underneath her bath robe, but had been completely nude.

What can you do, standing in a pool area with your cock pointing straight forward, witnessed by some ten strangers. I followed the direction of my erection to the waters edge and got into the basin. Off course I got the attention of the couple sitting nearby on the edge of the pool. They waved me closer.

"First time here, are we?" the girl asked me.

"Well, actually I've been here once before some time ago, but this is the first time I'm here with my partner."

"Ah, you don't mean the lady who came in just before you did, over there at the other side?" the man said.

"Yeah! Thanks for pointing her out, I hadn't seen yet where she was. Indeed, it's the girl over there to the right of that dark hunk."

"Are you sure? Your partner, you say? But that's Linda, a willingly seen guest here who rather frequently enjoys a visit here!"

"Well... uh... she's Linda all right," I said as I turned red, "... she's the one I came here with, although she's not really my girl..." My heartbeat went up to a feverish rhythm.

"OK, that explains it. My name is Bill, my wife here is Monica. And who is this man who happens to know our Linda?"

Now it began to dawn on me why things earlier this evening happened the way they did. Wow, Linda, that considerate girl from marketing turned out to be a real sex animal... How devious of her the way she tricked me into this, and her little show of innocence as we arrived. And what a cunning little masquerade she and Cynthia had put up...

"Yeah, how do you know Linda?" Monica asked me.

"I'm Paul... Linda is a girl from my office. I only know her from work. Tonight we went out to dinner with some fifteen colleagues, but after dinner two of us were not into roaming the city into the night with the others, so we ended up here... "

"Yeah, that's our Linda!" Monica giggled. "And I see you also met the infamous Cynthia! Cyn and Lin didn't give you any clue that they already knew each other?"

"No way, if you didn't tell me just now I wouldn't have known!"

"Well," Bill went on, "it's not that they only KNOW each other... they actually hit it off together pretty well! They are two of the hottest chicks around here, always willing to participate in anything that's brought up. Cyn and Linda sometimes even put up a very hot and steamy show."

"Come on, I introduce you properly to Cyn," Monica said as she jumped from the edge taking my hand, and waded me to the other side of the pool. Another fine example of the female form, I noticed, with bouncing breasts of a moderate size. Monica's C-cup tits were about Linda's size, but firmer and higher up on her body. And definitely bigger than Cynthia's A-sized dream-tits.

After Linda and Cynthia had had their fit of laughter at my account, during which I admired their breasts blatantly, Linda said she did mean what she had told me earlier. She really wanted to feel my hard cock inside her pussy tonight. Cynthia added that she liked me, and that she would accommodate me whenever and however I wanted her... 

The five of us got out of the pool, and went to the showers. Monica and Cynthia escorted me into a shower, while Linda disappeared with Bill. First they lathered me up pretty fast, and then scrubbed my body with theirs by way of sandwiching me between their hard bodies. Once we had put the shower on and had rinsed ourselves from all the soap, they let me admire their assets.
