 The last Friday before Christmas we had an extraordinary company dinner in a special place. It turned out to be a club for insiders only. On the outside it was a fancy upscale restaurant, but as the night went on it became clear the venue housed entertainment of a very adult nature. After dinner we made intimate acquaintance with our co-workers in a one-on-one setting, although somewhat anonymous. Now I think of it, all actions thus far were semi-veiled. The last lust-feast was more or less a gangbang in a corridor where the ladies on duty remained anonymous to the male participants, and the bangers remained nameless to the bangees. In the wall were six holes two feet wide through which the girls jutted out into the corridor, laying on benches. From the tits upwards they remained outside the corridor, their identity concealed by a cloth partition in the hole. The female variant of the infamous glory hole.

The party was suspended until Sunday 2 AM. Then we will plunge further into the secretive enjoyments the pleasure house has to offer. In the meantime, for those colleagues who like to deepen their acquaintance with each other, we went to the next-door Club Paradise. Club Paradise is not as secretive and exclusive as the restaurant of pleasures. It's a swingers club, the one where I've been last summer in the company of Linda. This earlier visit to the club is chronicled in my story Club Paradise. Linda turned out to be a regular guest there. She is our girl from marketing who organized the Christmas festivities this year. 

We followed Linda through the end door of the corridor into the Club Paradise. The door itself was a recent adjustment to the place, but with the exception from the room we entered the club was as I remembered it. With play rooms on the second floor, and downstairs a bar area with a dance floor and food stalls. To the side were several alcoves, each with big couches in a U-formation around a low table. On the other end of the bar was a big orgy room, with a high round pyramid-like platform in the middle. The lay-out of the accommodation was completed with a change area with lockers and shower facilities. And through the changing room there was the pool area.

Since we had come in through the House of Pleasure already dressed to the occasion, we didn't have to use the changing room. But since this was a good time for a shower we ended there all the same. There were solo cubicles as well as showers for bigger groups. I ended up with Harold, Bibi and Nicole in a group stall. We helped each other lathering up and rinse off, using our time to get more familiar with each others bodies. The soaping up bit took al lot of time, since we made ample use of this occasion to explore each other's thus far hidden treasures. Off course I already knew Bibi's big hooters and Nicole's smallish B-sized tits, but I had never had the pleasure to admire them in the flesh, let alone fondle those beauties outside of my daydreams.

Harold and I switched the ladies a few times so we all got a good hold of each other. The ladies made themselves heard of as well, since I felt a lot of touching on my butt and down between my legs. My balls got a lot of attention, as well as my rod. At one time Bibi made sure my crown was spit spot. She knelt on the floor, withdrew my foreskin and swirled her tongue all around my tip and underneath its rim for a thorough cleaning. Apparently Nicole did the same to Harold, who moaned just as me, his hands clutching the raven black hair of Nicole at crotch height.

As the girls stood up they gave our members a good squeeze, switched places and started the procedure all over again. Off course I sported a considerable boner again after that prolonged cuddling and fondling, let alone the oral attention by two angels. But we put our skimpy cloths back on after our shower session, leaving our cravings as a promise for later. 

Clad only in our briefs and the girls in their lingerie we hooked up again with the rest of our party. Cynthia had gathered the clothes from the restaurant for those of us who decided to leave. The colleagues we waved goodbye with well wishes until Sunday afternoon were Karen, Pete, Mark and Caroline. I wouldn't have mind ogling at the very lovely Caroline, our blonde secretary. Or even better still see her in some intimate action. Hopefully Sunday afternoon would cover that. And the same applied to Karen. 

Corey stayed, although his physical participation was limited to drinking at the bar. Nicole, Bibi, Harold and I followed Linda, Corey and Cynthia into the bar. We settled ourselves in an empty alcove.

After a beverage Harold asked Nicole for a dance and Bibi and I followed suit. After the first song Cynthia joined us and playfully started a dance battle with Bibi for my attention. At the end they got me sandwiched between them, whispering obscene suggestions in my ears. Cynthia took liberties with my cock slipping her hand inside my briefs. With a firm grip on my dick she guided me back to our alcove.

Corey had settled at the bar and was talking to the sensual barmaid, leaving the alcove to us. Linda, Harold and Nicole were in an intimate embrace on one settee, so Bibi, Cyn and I settled ourselves on the opposite couch. A lot of petting and stroking went on, with hands going absolutely everywhere. Before long my fingers were sticky from the goo which oozed from the girls vaginas. My hands went in and out of their lingerie, sneaking my fingers in those dripping slashes. In return, they played my pleasure rod and freed me from my tight briefs. Frolicking on the couch with these two vixens was an eventful feast.

Cynthia wore a basque which stayed on, but her knickers came off as I got my fingers around the side straps and yanked them down to her feet. She immediately pushed her twat on my face, forcing me to lick her out. Not that I had any reservations. Bibi settled for my cock and started to suck on it. What a delight to feel her luscious lips engulf my manhood. How often had I envisioned this as I was sitting opposite her at my desk. Her panty-clad pussy now rubbed against my left leg. She kept her slit in close contact, so I could feel how she wiggled her fingers between us and scratched her clit. Then she put them inside her knickers and started to finger herself. Suddenly my cock was in the open again as she let my meat slip out of her mouth. She lifted her legs from my limbs and squatted over my hips. With one hand she steadied herself by holding on to Cynthia's arm, the other grabbing my pole to hold me upwards. For the second time that day my boner sank into her hot cave. Slowly she pushed her sex all the way down over my erection. Sitting down on my groin she kept me deep inside of her, uttering a profound sigh. Even though Cynthia had my head locked between her thighs and her vulva I could clearly hear Bibi's moaning. Surely Bibi had craved this moment just as much as I had.

I assaulted Cynthia's sex with fresh gusto. Lapping her labia I slithered my tongue up and down through her slit, dipping my tongue deep inside her cunt as I passed her entrance. My hands gripped the sides of her buttocks as if I needed to prevent her from getting her pussy away from my mouth. I ended with my mouth sucked firmly onto her clitoris. I vacuumed her clit so it came even more out of its hood. With the very tip of my tongue I merciless tickled her sensitive nerve bud until she climaxed. Her orgasm washed over her, sending rumbles and shivers through her body from her clit to her head and back to her toes.

As she had come down from her climax I tapped Cynthia's thighs on which she rose up from my face. She understood I wanted to give Bibi my full attention now. Meanwhile Bibi had worked me up, but after my earlier orgasms at the dinner table and in the corridor another one was not an issue yet. She uncunted me, turned around into a 69 position and slowly lowered her mound towards my mouth. Hovering only an inch above my face she teasingly moved her dripping wet snatch forward and backward, filling my nose with her intoxicating sex pheromones. My brain went into overdrive, and although my dick soared again I knew my state of excitation was futile for the time being. But the feeling was tremendous. I was finally in the intimate position I had coveted so often. I reached my hands up to Bibi´s thighs and pulled her down, docking her box on my hungry mouth.

Bibi started humping me, pressing her groin onto me and rubbing her twat over my nose. Meanwhile I found her clit and sucked it in; vacuum clued my mouth to it. Boy, did I suck her pleasure-bud. Happily she hung on to her clitty, as otherwise I even might have sucked it of completely. I felt her nub enlarge under my squishing. Bibi didn't remain unmoved. She writhed her hips wildly, unable to lie still under my control. As jolts jerked through her lower torso I only barely managed to stay onto her clit. With screams that attracted the attention over nearly everyone present in the bar her body went into serial convulsions. All I could do was clamp myself on top of her, and ride with her orgasm.

After Bibi's orgasmic bliss we cuddled on the couch, giving each other French kisses and nearly acting as a couple in love. It was an experience I'll cherish: a new introduction to someone I know very well but on a completely different level. Meanwhile Cynthia tried to restore my former state of excitement. My member disappeared in her wet 'n hot sucking mouth. With expertise she swirled her tongue all over my dick making me rise again to outstanding proportions. As my member was fully engorged again I disentangled myself from Bibi's embrace, gave Cynthia a big smile and sank down between Bibi's thighs. As before in the corridor I entered that wet treasure of my desk mate. But unlike the first time it felt really good now. No feeling of cold abuse or degrading her. With every minute my lust for Bibi grew bigger, even though I'm not into big tits at all. I prefer small titties, from cup A up to a firm C-cup. But man, Bibi, my close colleague, what a thrill. My little friend was a very happy boy now. As a well greased eel he slithered in and out of Bibi's snot pot, frolicking around in the dark. He felt at home there, and since I was not in a hurry he took his time and wallowed in his blessedness.

Slowly my excitement grew again to new heights. We were in a basic missionary position on the couch, my hips pounding into her groin and my upper torso hovering above hers, my weight supported by my arms. Bibi stared into my eyes with a bright smile on her face. I couldn't hold myself up forever, so after the first minutes I made a move as to lower myself on top of her. She stretched her arms upwards inviting me into her embrace. We kissed again, and rubbed our noses together, all the time keeping our joined genitals in motion.

To get my weight off her chest I vacated her cunt temporarily and moved in an aside position, the front of my torso turned towards her left side. I shoved my hips under her legs and penetrated her again from her posterior. She turned her head to her left so we were facing each other again.

With her rack now within easy reach I started playing with it. But all that wobbling and quivering female flesh, to me that's not a very appetizing sight. I said before I much more prefer small tits, which are firmer and can be hold within the grip of one hand. Then again, I'm not averse to Bibi's boobies, so I got hold of her big left breast and hung onto it, lapping her teat.

Cynthia had disappeared, probably to team up with some other party folk. Bibi and I happily sexed on for somewhat like an hour, most of which we managed to stay connected at the hips. 

During my pleasure time with Bibi and Cynthia Harold had been in a similar position. As I came around and could give them my full attention again, I saw a broad smile on Harold's face. Stripped from his sparse clothing as well he lay nestled between Linda and Nicole. He had his head on Linda's thigh close to her cunny, his fingers still playing with her love hole. Linda's head was on his belly like it was a cushion. Streaks of sperm crossed her face, from her lips over her cheeks into her black tresses. I could not deny feeling a pang of jealousy. How I wished it had been my seed Nicole had tasted. But then Bibi had had that pleasure, and that made me feel very happy indeed, so there was no real ground for envy.

After regaining our strength a bit we went to the bar leaving the lingerie that had come off behind. We enjoyed a nice glass of wine, completely in the buff, taking in the activities around us. Corey was still heavily engaged in conversation with the blonde barmaid. Our attention was drawn to the party area with the pyramid platform. Some action went on surrounding a young redhead. We took our drinks and got a closer look.

The redhead was lying on her back on top of the platform, her legs down along one side. Her hands and feet were being held apart by Velcro strips. A big black man was munching away at her pussy, meanwhile stroking the big tool between his legs. His cock was slowly on the rise, filling with blood as he stimulated his apparatus. The people around this little scene hollered enthusiastic and cheered him on. Under loud applause the man got up and put his thick meat against the entrance of the petite redhead. She was positioned on the platform in a way he could reach her goodies with his tool by standing straight. His working on her love box had apparently not been for her pleasure but solely as preparation for his assault. The tight vulva already slick with his spit his mighty spear penetrated the poor girl merciless. Because his weapon was simply humongous the intrusion into the vagina took some time, and the progress was only very slow. Inch by inch he took possession of the girl. As he finely bottomed out on her, the girl was clearly in tears.

A foxy lady consoled her and whispered something to her. She held on to the girls hands as the black guy started hammering into her. His action was met by approving uproar from the bystanders. The girl rested her fate as there was no getting out of it. The black man´s fuck ended with his retracting of his shining tool, aiming it at the girl's tits. Some thugs on his meat made the rampant cock spit out its spunk, which landed on the girl's upper torso and all the way on top of her face and into her red hair as well. At the end, as her ordeal was finely over, she managed to produce a smile on her face. Her first Big Black Cock was after all a milestone not to be pondered on lightly.

As the redhead was freed from her fixed position the crowd dispersed a bit. Linda whispered something to Bibi, looking in my direction, but out of earshot due to the buzz around us. Her face broke out in a smile as the girls came towards me. They both took me by an arm, coaxing me towards the platform. Lin told me to get on top of the pyramid and lay on my back. Bibi added to keep still and trust her and let them do to me what they wanted.

I was still naked, and now very aroused from the live show by the redhead and her black fuck mate. My cock started to grow again. Linda produced a metal ring approximately 1.5 inch in diameter, and after lubricating my staff with her mouth she shoved the ring over my cock, pushing it all the way down to the root. Tight against my balls the blood was kept from running out of my penis, prominently showing the veins on my cock as they wind around my meat forming clear blue cords. Bibi's fingers fluttered up and down on my shaft, delicately stimulating my engorged member. All this attention made for a formidable stiff fuck stick.

Bibi and Linda took my member at hand stroking me to full erection. They alternately fondled my balls and stroked my rod. When they were satisfied the cock ring wouldn't come off anymore they stepped aside. I saw a row of ladies had formed to my left.

The first in line climbed on the platform and stepped over my body squatting down. She was naked from the waist down, took my member in her hand as she squatted down and guided my tip between her full pussy lips. Her crotch was well groomed, allowing me and all spectators around to see her ripe engorged pussy lips. She gyrated her hips swaying her thighs but only slightly making her pussy move up and down on my cock. The crown of my member was well inside her twat, but not much more. I can't say she fucked me, she merely held my engorged mushroom trapped inside her tight snatch. Her cuntal muscles did a hell of a job though. They squeezed my boy merciless, bringing me gradually up the scale of enticement leaving me panting at the pinnacle.

Suddenly the first woman stepped up and away to the other side, vacating my member. Although not surrounded by that hot furnace anymore, my cock stood stiff invariably. A cold air flow sent a shiver through my pecker, but as the next woman hovered already above my crotch the soothing pause was only short. Within seconds the tip of my member was already immersed again in another hot furnace. The tension returned immediately and rose even further again. My crown enclosed in a second slit, this blonde chick didn't fuck me either, she just held the very tip of my member in her tight vice. She rotated her pussy around my crown, all the while squeezing me with her cunt.

One after the other some ten girls squatted on my pecker and dipped their quim over my dick. Maybe an inch or so. Bibi and Linda stood by and made sure no one really fucked me, or even tried to bottom out on me. The girls were only allowed to warm my helm, and tease me like hell with their hot twats.

The last girl was a gorgeous young platinum blonde, probably only eighteen years old. She was so tight that Bibi had to help her spread her pussy lips and guide my glans into her yoni. Immediately I was stuck in the tiniest vice of them all. I got the feeling it was impossible to ever back down again. Linda held the petite cutie upright, and helped her slowly moving down. The girl didn't do much; she only trapped the first small part of me in her super tight slit. Only very slowly did she slide down on my thick meat. It took almost like eternity before you could see she made any progress at all.

Meanwhile Bibi took care of her chest and massaged her almost non-existent breasts. She did manage to make the lasses nipples stand out. In the end they stood perked up and made her girly titties look very perky and tasty, although still extreme smallish. 

As my attention was diverted again to the girl's honey pot I saw she was only halfway down my pillar. It was a sight that burned into my brain forever, her very clean shaven tiny pussy pierced upon my heavy penis. Her squeezing tight vagina closed in heavily on my pecker. It made me feel very hot and virile, and made my horny state more and more agitated. The prolonged squeezing by a successive array of hot vaginas was beginning to take its toll. With so hot a young cunt pierced on top of my tool I started to lose it and gave in. Warmed up to the point of no return, a slow rising surge of hot bottled up seed welled up from my loins, forcing its way up from my nuts through my ducts, culminating in a huge load of burning sperm erupting in thick powerful streams inside the convulsing cunny my cock was lodged in. The poor girl's slit was already packed with my meat, and now a huge dose of spunk was fed into her as well, stream after stream, filling her up deep inside. A good thing I was only halfway inside her, leaving some room down there.

The girlie, once lifted off my erection, was oozing long sticky strands of jism from her fuck hole. A warm applause surrounded us from all spectators standing by. The participating girls who had driven me nuts with their pussy dance curtsied to us and withdrew to the bar.

"How did you enjoy your pussy chain, Paul?" Linda asked me. Still a bit wobbly on my feet I had to admit it was a special experience I would not lightly forget.
