 Chapter 5 starts right where chapter 4 ended. There will be another 6th chapter. Enjoy, and if you like it, don't forget to vote! If you hate it, skip the story or give me your feedback.

*****

As soon as the girls had left the Mirrored Room Cynthia came back to our side of the one way mirror. All lights came up again, and she set free our hands again. We liberated our genitals from the hedges, stepped back from the wall and gathered together near the exit. We saw that the sixth extra black cock belonged to Fred, the good-natured barkeeper at our hangout. Every Friday afternoon we gathered there for a drink to hit off the weekend before we all went our separate ways. We chuckled at the revelation that our colleagues had been intimate with Fred without them knowing. And that he was also a regular guest at the Club Paradise. I hadn't noticed who had been playing with his tools, for he was on the other side of the room.

We had another very good meal at the restaurant, in a separate board room. Logically the Club didn't have one big restaurant. There were only rooms in different sizes for the use of the various parties who came there. Privacy being everything at the House of Pleasure. The girls were also very amused to find out that Fred had joined us. This helped in breaking the tension which arose immediately at the beginning of our assembling again. For the ladies understood very clear that it had been our cocks hanging through the wall of the Mirrored Room, and that they had obtained a lot of sexual pleasure from it without exactly knowing whose genitals they had been playing with. And that for us, the proud owners of the play tools, that had been very obviously right away, since we were behind the one way mirrored wall very close by with the best view in the house.

The girls shrugged their shoulders en set themselves to the table. After a copious meal some two hours later, Cynthia addressed the group again. "From the chatter around the table it is clear that everyone did have a pretty good time this afternoon in the Mirrored Room. I'm glad for that. The setting of our activity tonight will be different. No more guesses, and we will turn the table so the men may maneuver, and us girls will be left at their mercy. So away with your last reserve and inhibitions. There's no way out, you simply have to ride this rollercoaster girls..."

The girls left with Cynthia, and as we waited for some time Corey explained. "Tonight we will play the Carousel Room, boys," Corey said. "You will love this. Fred knows the game already, but it's really very simple." Fred grinned from ear to ear, showing his white teeth in his familiar big wide smile. Corey went on: "There will be three rounds. During the first two rounds everybody stays in the game. It's only possible to lose the game in the last stage. Then we will play as long as is necessary to decide a winner."

"Well man, the real joke is there are only winners," Fred took over. "We will all go out in the last round, and the longer you hang in, the more fun you'll have, but no one's a loser. If you'll be the last, you'll have just more time and thus more change to finish them all..."

"We'll see about that, boys," Corey concluded. "The carousel room is built to accommodate 12 to 24 women. Tonight we play the room with only 6, on the 12 rack carousel. That's not a real problem, we will increase the initial timeslots from 3 to 5 minutes. That way the first 2 stages will still take some half hour each."

"We will go in a minute to the room on the next floor. The girls will be secured onto their racks by now. Well, we call them racks, but they're actually pretty comfortable." With that said Corey rose from the table and we all followed him to the stairway. On the next floor we entered an ante room with the familiar chairs along two walls and hooks for our clothes above them. After disrobing, which was strangely more and more easy to do, even in the presence of our male colleagues, we went into the Carousel Room.

In the middle of the room was the carousel itself. There were 12 bench-like racks in a circle of four yards in diameter. On every other rack was one of our girls, with their heads together in the middle of the structure. The racks ran slightly down outwards. It was clear our colleagues couldn't move at all except for their heads. The torso's and arms were securely fastened to the racks. The knees were bent at the outside of the carousel, with the thighs wide and the feet on the ground. The lower legs were secured as well, forcing the thighs in a wide spread position.

The view thus offered was super erotic by its lewd display of all the crotches of the girls. The carousel turned around in low speed, so we were presented with all the female flesh available. Not all girls looked very comfortable. Especially Karen somewhat looked a bit distressed. The turning floor ended a wide foot outside the carousel itself.

***

"May I ask all men to find themselves a position on the turntable, right at the feet of one of the girls," an unfamiliar voice said. "Stand on the turning floor, adjacent to the outside of the turning." When we all had picked a position the master of the ceremony ordered us to stand still. I found myself at the rack of Nicole, with left of her the lovely Caroline, and to my right I could see Linda.

"We commence with the first stage. Boys, your part of the circle will now sink in the floor. You'll find a railing in front of you as soon as your hands are below floor level. Hold on to that with both your hands." True to his words the part of the floor we were standing on went down, and as soon as my elbows were at ground level I felt the railing in front of me. Our stand sank further until a bell rang. My head was now at the height of Nicole's knees. Looking to my left I saw Mark standing there, with his head at the same level, at the knees of Bibi. Now he's quite a bit taller than me, so our floors had to be actually on separate levels.

"With the next bell you will step between the knees before you, and start indulge your lady. In this round you may use only your mouth. In this game you're out if you orgasm. But only the men, and only in the third stage. So for now everybody will stay in our game, no matter what happens."

Now how should I orgasm in this stage? As the bell rang I stepped forward and nestled my head between the thighs of Nicole. Suddenly I felt my cock entering a warm wet something. Shit, there's a girl below there, and right now she starts sucking on my dick. So I might climax after all, at the hand of a fluff girl...

Stepping forward I put my nose right against Nic's slit. Her scent was intoxicating. I rubbed a little bit up and down, and her sexual pheromones hit my brain. My cock regained its rigidity immediately. The sucking on it by gawd who knows was helping as well. But sniffing up that horny scent of my petite colleague I have the hots for for some considerable time... 

I had only five minutes, so I started lapping at that delicious twat of hers. Slithering through her folds I ended right on her clit. I felt how a shiver travelled through Nic's lithe body as I flicked her little love bud with the tip of my tongue.

The bell rang, and I felt the railing under the floor move outwards. I followed this movement and stepped back, feeling at the same time my cock falling out of the mouth of the mystery girl below. With my back against the wall I saw the carousel start to turn. An empty position turned past and the construction stopped again as Caroline's crotch appeared in front of me.

With another sound of the bell the railing started to move inward again, prompting me to step forward. My hard-on disappeared in another hot sucking mouth, and my head filled with Caro's scents. I started with a slow licking up and down her pussy, followed with a thorough exploring of her inner folds with my tongue. The last minute I went down a little to tease her perineum and ending with flicking my tongue over her anus. Meanwhile my boner liked what was being done to it. Two hands glided over my hips to my back and grabbed both my buttocks. I loved this.

With the bell I stepped back, my dick regretting the parting of its hot nozzle. The carousel turned again, stopping at the next spread thighs. I didn't remember who was next to Caroline. And although the racks were sloped a little I just couldn't see who's pussy it was. The bell rang again and the railing moved inward. Stepping in my fucker was caught again in a wet orifice for a new assault. Two hands pulled on my buttocks to secure my boner root deep in yet another hot mouth. I put my head again next to the sweet-smelling crotch of my co-worker. Clearly she was fairly wet already. And that was obviously the purpose of this first stage of the game: wetting the girls vagina's, and stiffing our tools.

Though I had had two orgasms this afternoon in the Mirrored Room, the fluff girls did a good job. Together with the pheromones from the pungent smelling twats that had permeated into my head my little friend felt like it could take on some more pussy. If only I could orgasm now, I thought, it wouldn't take me out of the game and my stamina in the last round would be so much greater. Then maybe I could even win this game.

I took great pleasure in pleasing the unknown pussy. It was absolutely clean shaven, as had been Bibi's, where Nicole's pussy sported a sharp little black stripe above her tight slit. With the task at hand I got mesmerized with the very setting of this all. Could it be Karen's? Last time I saw her it had been nicely shaven. I didn't remember seeing her slit that afternoon in the Mirrored Room, but this could very well be her. I licked the smooth twat with all my heart. It was truly soaked already, excreting sweet tasting clear fluids. I lapped up her natural lubricant to my hearts delight. The thighs almost squeezed my head, at least they tried to, but there was simple not enough room to move that much because the way they were fixed to the construction. I did hear some deep moans and heavy panting coming from the middle of the carousel. I slurped at her fountain and drank up her sex juice. I was somewhat lightheaded, but I managed to work those magnificent folds and the very entrance of that tight little fuck hole. Near the end of the five minutes I stuck my tongue as deep as I could inside her love tunnel to savor her taste.

Another bell, the moving railing, stepping back, losing contact with the fluff girl, the turning carousel, the second bell and... I found myself again at the hungry cunt of Cynthia. She had fucked my dick this very afternoon, and now I returned the favor by licking her and munching on those delicious pussy lips. Then I nibbled on her sensitive clit which stood out all by itself from under its hood.

Yet another bell, a fresh girl around my cock, and the pussy of Linda! Yes, I recognized hers. She most probably had already climaxed considering all the mucus and pussy froth that was oozing from her beaver. For good measure I cleaned her crotch with my tongue, meanwhile concentrating on the menacing assault the girl at my crotch was performing on my penis. But after some half hour of stimulating my tool I still didn't climax. The divine sucking was heavenly, but the efforts of the afternoon needed a longer recovery. And there was off course a second stage...

***

"The second stage, guys. We will now bring you up a bit, please hold on to the railing. With the next bell the second part of the game commences. You will find yourself at your first girl again, and now you will use your fingers on her. Only your fingers! And remember, no one flies out of the game yet, that will only happen in the last round."

The carousel had turned again, and I found myself before the spread thighs of Nicole. Now my hips were just below her knee level. I stepped forward between her knees, and touched Nic's wet and hot vagina.

Now we could see the faces of the girls. I winked to Nic and her face relaxed into a wide smile. She loved this game as much as I did. Even better. My fingers explored her wet folds. As I spread her pussy lips with the thumb and index finger of my left hand I pushed my right index finger between her swollen labia. Slowly I penetrated that hot furnace, and when I couldn't penetrate any further, I withdrew again. With slow strokes I repeated this motion, slightly increasing my tempo with every revolution. I looked Nicole straight in the eyes and she looked back. I slipped a second finger inside her, and then a third. She clearly loved my ministrations. Too soon the bell sounded.

Next I was at Caro's pussy again. The ongoing assault on my dick became more and more persistent. I pulled my hips a little bit back, but the hot sucking mouth kept itself locked on my pecker, sucking me with renewed energy. Now my head was slightly lower and I moved my fingers to Caro's butt crack. I stroked her puckered hole and scratched her perineum with my nail. I wetted my index finger in her vagina, turning it around and scooping some of the girly juice from within. Then I positioned this same finger right at her backdoor again and slowly but insistently pushed it inside that tight shitter. This elicited a small shriek from above.

With my index finger locked in Caroline's butt I used my thumb on her pussy. In a combined stroking motion I made sure Caro's panting went up considerably. Meanwhile the magical effects from all that sucking on my little friend below became more incisive. I had to pant myself a little, and my hips started to slightly buck against the adorable cock sucker. And yes, a third climax built itself slowly and slowly. My current girl new a few tricks herself, and just as I had done with Caro she shoved a finger up my arse. It triggered my third fierce orgasm of the day, making me fire my seed deep inside the back of her throat. 

Next was Karen. Now there was no doubt this was her as I clearly saw that pretty face. But no hesitation or anxiety there. I felt right away her pussy was wide open and wet. She clearly had put aside her last reservations and had given in to the inevitable situation she found herself in. I tested her wideness, and helped making her just that little bit more soaked and opened up for things to come.

Same with Bibi. My penis had shrunk considerably, even though it was very fond of Bibi's fat pussy lips. The girl beneath Bibi stroked my tool slowly back to life, avoiding the now very sensitive tip. I let my fingers play the lips of Bibi, and smiled to her as I shoved two fingers together right up her sex as deep as they would go.

At Cynhtia's position I felt how the girl below put some cold gel-like substance on my cock, and slowly massaged it into my crotch, all over my cock and balls. Holding my rod at the very root with one hand, her other hand kneaded my right buttock and pulled me towards her mouth. She locked her wet hot sucker around my crown, vacuuming it and sucked fiercely. And surely my penis started to rise again, defying nature's coarse after so much exertions. 

At Linda's position, the last in this second stage, the manipulations on my hard-on became pleasant again. My little rascal is a real horny bastard who never gets enough of this. Meanwhile I fingered the sopping wet pussy of Linda. She was already nice and loose, ready for whatever would come next.

One more bell. The railing went out again and our stand rose to ground level. 

***

"The third and last stage commences soon now. Our little game thus far was to prepare you all for the next and final stage. You gentlemen have done what you could to prepare the ladies I'm sure, and we can clearly see that our fluff girls below have done their job in making the guys ready to please the ladies."

Now it dawned on the girls that when they were being licked and fingered by us, we had been pleasured by a completely different bunch of girls. And fluffing they did, for all and every last of us was now very ready to proceed.

"With all ready to rumble I say let's go on with our game. Beware now, we'll continue until all men have reached an orgasm. For you ladies you can only lay back and enjoy. Let the energy of the men wash over you, and ride that rollercoaster!"

"Boys, listen up now, we'll proceed like this. At the bell you will all step forward and fire away. To play fair you must act without hesitation, go straight into action. So take your friend in your hand, insert him into your pussy right away, and start going. No worries for the girls, they are hot to trod now and very ready indeed, all wet and sopping to receive your pistons."

"At every next bell, you step back instantly for the carousel will start to turn right away. As soon as you are at your next girl you will immediately continue the fucking. Every turn there will be only one bell. During the fucking you may hold on to the thighs or hips of the girl, but you must use your cock in the way it was meant to be at all times. And once you've reached your orgasm, you step off the carousel at the next bell, sit down in one of the chairs and enjoy the proceedings. Now let's start fucking!"

The bell rang. We all stepped between the thighs in front of us, shoved our pricks into the waiting vagina's and started to fuck. Nicole's tight twat had no problem whatsoever to accommodate my thick member. With my first push I went in all the way and rooted out in half a second flat. Like a greased lightning my hard dick started to pull out and slash forward again, hitting the back of Nic's love canal. She returned my pumping with a big smile. In normal good fucking the action is always a combined effort, but now it was all up to the men. Our girls were fixed to the carousel, without any space to participate. They could only undergo our doing. By her smile Nicole assured me she did have a pretty good time herself.

Much too soon there was the second bell. This was never five minutes now. Immediately I stepped back and rammed my cock home again as soon as Caroline's wide open cunt was in front of me. And again I rooted out in one thrust. I pistoned in and out of her sopping pussy. I could feel she was well lubricated, and I could clearly hear the sloshing sounds we made together. With every thrust forward I smashed my balls against her butt, and my pelvis flat against her pubic bone. What a sexual energy we produced. My rock hard cock loved this a little bit too much, so I decided it wise to take the action one notch down.

With the next bell I withdrew immediately from Caro to strike again at Karen's pussy. I inserted myself right away, but didn't go at this treasure in full force. Instead I nudged my hard-on gently between Karen's swollen pussy lips, and pushed home in a more leisure pace. Once fully inserted I made slow motions inward and outward, with a depth of approximately half my dick. This was really pleasurable, and the rocking in and out made Karen purr as well. The build up towards what had to become another a very intense climax was a bit slower now. I rather had this happen later, for I really wanted to get intimate with all of my co-workers this time. Meanwhile I loved the fucking of Karen's pussy very much. The bell rang again. This was more like three or four minutes, certainly no five. So it would not really be a problem to make a full circle before I would blow my load. We only had six vagina's to work with, and my previous orgasm had made sure I would last certainly longer than twenty minutes. Especially if I took a little bit of caution and didn't go too wild.

My favorite desk mate Bibi was my next partner. We smiled at each other as I went on with the same action as I'd done with her friend Karen. Bibi's cunt made a lot more effort at squeezing my hard-on, as if she tried to milk me dry. This internal massage was wonderful, and much too short to my liking.
