 The last Chapter in this series. Where Paul is asked to act as an extra, and the game in the Mirrored Room gets a little bit more kinky this time. Because of the long timespan between the last chapter and this final one we start with a recap.

*****

Two days later. Last Friday we had our extraordinary Office Christmas Diner (see Chapter 2), that had evolved for some of us into a dirty party in the Club Paradise (Chapter 3). As his personal Season gift our CEO Corey had provided us all with a Gold Membership to the Club Paradise. And then we had some mind rendering sexual experiences with our colleagues in the House of Pleasure. That was now two days ago, this blast we had last Sunday. First we found ourselves in what's called the Mirrored Room. This walls of this round room are in fact one way mirrors. The wall contains wholes through which we men had our genitals sticking through hanging in the circular room, while we were standing just outside against the wall. On our side of the wall there was no light and the circular room was brightly lit, so we could see everything that happened in there, but we couldn't actively participate. We had to undergo and witness whatever the ladies did with us, or more accurate, with our genitals (Chapter 4).

After another fine dinner we played the Carousel Room. In this room the girls were fixed on a great wheel. Stark naked, on separate benches, with their thighs spread wide open. In two rounds we prepared our ladies for the action to come, and we ourselves were hardened by unseen fluff girls for the third and last round. In a frenzied roller coaster ride we merciless pounded into the girls pussies only to end when we all had emptied our gonads in the velvety fuck chute of one of our colleagues (see Chapter 5).

--

I found myself once again in the pool at the Club Paradise, the sauna and swingers club next door to the House of Pleasures. My Cold Membership Card gave a hassle free entrance to the premises. There were no colleagues as yet, it was still early around noon, so anyone could still show up. There were a few other patrons, but no sexual activities took place just yet as far as I noticed.

I indulged myself in the pool, taking a few laps and ended chatting with a hot blond bombshell. She was a bit bored, her husband being not there. Off course blonde Sheila happened to be a Cold Member herself, her enterprise profiting as well from the House of Pleasures. It was a warming conversation listening to her accounts of the secret frolics the place offered. Sheila and Shaun, her husband, were avid patrons of the facility for many years.

Off course the pool was a strictly no-clothes area, so I enjoyed the close vicinity of this warm blooded vixen. Although she was mid forty, Sheila still had a killer body, with big natural breasts and a gorgeous smooth shaven pussy. Her pronounced fat outer lips concealed her inner treasures, which according to her stories had seen a lot of action. A lot. She showed interest to my awakening member by gently touching it. She led my hand to her crotch, pushing my middle finger in between the folds of her twat. I felt definitely wetness from within. We casually chatted on while lightly handling each other's genitals.

Something like an hour later we were interrupted by Cynthia who came into the pool area. Cyn came up to our side of the pool as soon as she had spotted us.

"Hé Paul, am I happy to find you here! I see you've made acquaintance with the lovely Sheila. I wonder why I'm not surprised at all. Obviously you two are kindred souls."

"Hi Cyn," Sheila said smiling. "He's a fine young man with an apparatus that could surely satisfy a bored soul like me. And besides, he is a very entertaining collocutor."

"Fine to hear that Sheila, so I take it you've solved our little problem of being one hand short today?"

"That's affirmative Cyn, Paul will fit in just fine I'm sure."

"Well Paul, that means I'm going to need you the rest of the day. I believe that will not meet any objections from your side. Please follow me and I explain."

After a quick shower I threw on a towel and followed Cynthia to the next door House of Pleasure. We came through the corridor with the reversed glory holes and ended at the lobby of the House. We sat down in a cosy corner with a fresh cup of coffee. 

"As you know Paul, we pretty often work with extra's in order to make certain activities work. Just as we included Fred the other day with your group in the Mirrored Room and in the Carousel Room. The black bartender of your favourite hangout."

"Sure."

"We do have a similar problem today. Sheila's company comes to party tonight, but they have a few cancellations. You would be a big help if you could volunteer to participate as an extra for them. You probably didn't know, but Sheila just handpicked you, so she has a considerable trust in you. And that's something I can personally endorse!"

"Well, off course, I don't see why I shouldn't help out," I answered. "It is even stated in the information with my Gold Membership that I'm eligible as an extra, no?"

"Very much so! And now I ask you to act as one. What you have to consider though is that you're not part of the party itself. You only act as one, you can mingle and behave as you please, but you may be asked to stand back at any time. And you're expected to act when called upon. The option to abstain from participating is invalid for an extra. I must have your consent with this rule."

"O.K. No problemo, I'm willing to help you out."

"That's settled then." 

--

Since the party would only start a few hours later I was left to myself. Cyn had asked me to refrain from sexual activities in order to save my energy, but promised me some chemical stamina enhancer later on. I wandered off to the corridor with the body holes, and sat down on a bench against the outer wall. The corridor was a half circle passage some 20 feet wide. The wall on the inner side included 6 holes every ten feet, measuring some 2 feet in diameter. Benches came through the holes, in a slightly slanted position. Two of the benches had girls on them, their naked lower half sticking out into the corridor. The arms, heads and breasts were out of sight on the other side of the wall, closed off with a cloth that blocked out every view from their tits upwards.

A group of older men huddled around the naked girls, who seemed to be fairly young. They both sported completely clean shaven pussies who were oiled-up and shining in a bright circle of light form a spotlight above. All men were naked from the waist down, having their hardened dicks in their hands. A brutal gangbang fucking was about to commence, the men spreading out in two groups. The legs of the girls were gripped in strong hands and forced even wider than they already were, allowing the first men enough room to take position at the vagina's. The two men put their dicks against the young pussies and started to penetrate the tight orifices at the same time. Slowly the petals gave way to the purple crowns and allowed the fat intruders to sink inside. After some preliminary slow piston action the tempo was gradually upped and the shoves deepened until the male bodies were slamming hard and fast into the groins of the fuck dolls. The young bodies trembled and shivered. After some vigorous fucking the men orgasmed with loud grunts, no doubt spurting some mighty spurts of semen deep inside. The men withdrew their cocks taking some of the white spunk outside with their cocks to make room for the next men.

One after the other the men took possession of the tight vagina's, fucking the frothing cunts senseless, all adding their baby batter to the growing wetness. The girls' legs and hips thrashed around and were kept in place by the big hands of the by-standers. Thanks for the bright light from above I was granted a good view of the activities, my own dick hardened from the spectacle. Although I could withstand the urge to touch my tool, pre-cum dripped from the opening at the tip, making my cock glistening in the bright lit corridor.

After all 12 men or so were done with the chicks and withdrew from the passageway, I inspected their work and patted the shining hips of the girls. I heard faint moans coming through the holes. I stroked their sweating tight bellies, and allowed my hands to slide up through the holes underneath the cloth separation and fondled the breasts. Firm flesh, adorned with sharp stiff nipples, I assumed they both had cute upturned B or C-sized tits. Judging from the lack of sack and firmness I concluded they both could be no older than say 25 years old.

Cynthia passed by saying "I reckon that's not your effort down between those lovely young legs?"

"No Cyn, I wouldn't dare!"

"You would have loved the velvety chutes of Roxanne and Rowena though. They're the youngest troupers here at our place of pleasure. Would you believe they both just turned 20? And both Rox and Ro love all the attention they receive around here, so you will make acquaintance with them sooner or later for sure."

--

In the middle of the afternoon I was escorted by Cynthia to the mirrored room where a bunch of men were standing at one of the hatches in the wall. A hostess was settling one of the guys in position. After fixing his hands at the handles above his head she ordered the others to spread around the room and find themselves a position. I counted eleven men, so I would make the circle of twelve complete. Cyn took me to the other side of the room and helped me in the last hole. She put my stiff member and balls through the hole, adjusted the height and secured me in place by closing the hatch again.

"Now let's play a kinky game and give the girls a wicked show," she grinned. "Have you emptied your bladder recently Paul?" she asked me. I realised I hadn't been to the toilet since early morning. "Just in case, I want you to drink this," she said as she put a flask with a pale green fluid inside to my mouth. The sweet pungent taste wasn't bad. She forced a pint of the concoction into my stomach. Almost immediately I felt the pressing on my bladder increase. But for the squeeze on my crotch from the clamp it was a somewhat pleasant feeling.

As Cynthia and the other hostess had left the room all lights went out and the eleven men and me were left in the dark. After a few minutes the light in the inner room came up and I was again surprised by the surreal vision. The wall being a one-way mirror, our cocks and balls stuck through the hatches in the wall looked like a circle of floating cock-pairs in mid-air. It was an absolute stunning effect. The door in the floor opened, and from the stairway below the room filled with giggling females. Last to enter was Cynthia and the other hostess.

"You all can feel free to feast upon these beautiful species of the male organ," Cynthia told the assembled ladies, "they're here for the next hour and a half to your disposal, and they won't go places you do not want, and they cannot object to your desires. Bianca..."

"Thanks Cyn," the other hostess took over. "I'll show you prove of that last point..."

"Who thinks it is impossible for males to urinate through their hard-on?" Bianca asked the assembled girls. "Surely you are aware men do not pee into your vagina when they fuck you. Nature is supposed to prevent this. But I'll show you that it can be done..."

Bianca got a straw some 4 inches in length, and dipped it inside a blue container. It came out coated in a mustard green substance. With her left hand she got hold of my member, withdrawing my foreskin uncovering my engorged mushroom. Squeezing my crown the piss hole opened slightly, just enough so she could put the end of the straw inside my penis. Then she took a strong hold on my dick at the bottom, stretching effectively my piston. Slowly she penetrated my cock with the tube, bit by bit, twisting it all the time ensuring a smooth entry. A burning feeling surged through my loins. 

As the straw had almost disappeared completely inside my ureter, she grabbed a clear tube hanging from a small enema bag on an IV pole and attached it to the outside end of the straw. "Now let's see what this penile enema will do. We will leave this cock to itself for some ten minutes."

A green fluid trickled inside my piss tube, drip by drip, assaulting my already full bladder from the other side. My penis stayed absolutely rigid in a steep inclined position.

Meanwhile the ladies grouped off and circled the room, patting the floating cocks, squeezing a nut here and kneading a dick there, tentatively kissing some hard-on. A few took the liberty of really sampling a cock full on with their mouth.

All gathered again around my prick. "Now let's see what our little preparation has done. You'll soon see what this urine outlet can produce. Is there a fan of water sports among you? Now is your change for a real thrill..."

Some shy looking small bird stepped forward hesitantly and kneeled down in front of my penis. "Great Eva! Now watch it as I withdraw the tube..." Bianca said. As she did just that I felt the pressure subside. The relaxing sensation you feel when emptying your bladder after holding up far too long spread through my body. My penis started to let out a constant stream of piss, all by itself. The first splashes landed on Eva's breast in a clean arch, soaking her top showing her beautiful pert tits. She opened her lips wide and caught a good mouthful of my hot piss. Grabbing her left tit with her left hand and pressing her right hand in her crotch, she inched a bit forward taking a piss shower in her face. Leaning back again she opened her mouth again for another shot. Her mouth was empty now... had she really swallowed a mouthful of my urine? What the fuck! Her mouth was soon filled again with my piss. She let it wash through her mouth and with a big smile emptied it again, clearly enough by swallowing it down her throat.

"Who would have thought Eva being the anonymous piss whore she is!" exclaimed Bianca with a big smile. "Good girl!"

The next hour or so was a repeat of our little party in the same room last Sunday. Except this time all the girls but Cynthia was new to me. Cyn took it upon her to clean my wares after the shower demonstration, making me presentable again for the other party chicks. 

The same kind of action went on, with the girls feeling liberated in enjoying all the sexual liberties they took. Liberties they probably would never have thought of doing with their colleagues so openly and in front of each other. But now those beautiful dicks and balls were freely available and seemingly unattached to their owners it was a crazy party for all. We men had an unobstructed and most erotic view of the action going on right in front of us. This helped in keeping our dicks hard, together with the tight fitting hatches that served in fact as a cock ring, and no doubt the chemical enhancer which had most likely been added to our drinks.

The first woman to attack a cock in a full penetration was Sheila. She was actually one of the CEO's of the company, together with her husband Shaun. I later found out Shaun was the tall guy standing next to me in the circle, with his rather thin but for sure 8-plus inches long cock standing proudly perpendicular from the mirrored wall. His fuck stick proved to be pretty popular among the girls for use as a real-life bathroom like dildo fitted to the wall with a suction mount. And for being not too thick he was often used for anal action as well.

Meanwhile Sheila mounted a fat cock with a set of heavy balls two positions to the other side. She raised herself on her toes pulling on the two handles above her head, stepped against the mirror and slid down glued against the mirror. Only slowly did she manage to get the cock stuffed up her pussy. But once inside she wiggled her butt and started with small up and down movements making strokes of some 2 inches. Fucking the wall meant she had to stay smashed against the wall and moving her body up and down by pulling herself up on the handles getting on her toes, and getting down again by standing on her flat feet. By the look of it she was used to this technique, mastering it to perfection. She managed to make quiet long strokes getting very high on her toes. The mirror became increasingly fogged by her sweating body and the panting from her mouth. Staying anchored to the hard shaft with her love box helped her in staying upward glued to the wall.

Half way the two hour session Sheila climaxed with high shrieks, making a few strong downward moves to seal off the faith of her fuck aide as well. He lost his spunk deep inside her boss's womb, unable to avoid giving his seed up. The forced auxiliary bucked his loins against the wall as his sperm was pumped through his pipe into Sheila's hidden treasure.

As Sheila stepped down from her fuck cock she came over to my position, smiled at herself in the mirror - smiled at me on the other side of the one-way mirror - and started stroking my member. I didn't need encouragement, for my cock was standing at attention all the time, locked as it was in its cock-ring-like vice. It was more like an acquainting gesture. She made herself confident with my proud tool, while giving me ample time looking at her and admiring her body up close. The handling meanwhile was strictly one directional. With another big smile she sank to her knees and took my cock in her mouth.

"Sweet Lord," said the guy to my left who had just been passed by Sheila, "what a hottie our Sheila really is. But see who's there: it's our fresh intern Heather, not even 19 years old... Who would have thought she'd play along with our dirty games here..."  

A stunning young tight blonde girl stepped up to my neighbour, sporting fabulous coned tits with stiff nipples poking in the air. My cock twitched inside Sheila's mouth, and not solely because of her ministrations. No, the image of the hot tight body etched itself in my brain. My member stirred just to affirm its interest in this young cunt. My neighbour's pecker which hang from the mirror disappeared completely from sight as it got buried inside the blonde bombshell's mouth. Then it appeared again as Heather bobbed her face up and down on his cock. Distinctive slurping noises could be heard. After some five minutes Sheila stood up again, leaving my tool in the open again. She tapped Heather's shoulder and pointed her to my cock. 

The little vixen who came straight from a wet dream got to her feet, stepped up to my position, and said 'hello' to my cock by stroking its length. Then she turned around, bent her upper body forward shoving her butt against my rod. She wiggled her behind to lodge my tool in her butt crack. I felt her smooth velvety skin rub along the length of my shaft.

Heather pushed her behind slowly against the mirror, engulfing my entire dick inside her tight pussy. I could only admire that white tight butt swallowing my rod until it was flat against the wall. From my point of view there was no mirror, just the perfect picture of a hot behind pushed against my groin, with my boner buried deep inside the hot furnace.

She slowly rocked her body on my rod, deep long strokes in and out of her treasure trove. From the very tip of my crown she plunged herself on my thick cock until her tight cunt gripped the root of my cock tightly against the wall. Her piston action made my member hard as a rock and quivering form all the stimulations. At last it began to vibrate inside that sizzling hot furnace, wiggling itself snugly inside her velvety tunnel. Thanks to the firm grip the wall had on my cock and scrotum, my tool stayed firmly locked inside Heather's honeypot. Despite its spasmodic movements I stayed put, unable to get out of the oven. Not that I wanted that to happen, mind you!
