 AUTHORS NOTE: This chapter is the last of a series of three short chapters, all playing out on the next day, after chapter 6. The colleagues we've met before once again indulge themselves in sexual games.

Considering the long lapses between the different chapters I've made an overview, Ch. 00. This overview contains a survey of the different characters, as well as a synopses of the different chapters.

As a non-native English writer I'm still looking for someone who's willing to be my volunteer editor, mainly for spelling and grammar, but any help with plot detail is also happily accepted. Have fun! Comments and votes are welcome as always!

*****

"I promised you'd all see each other fuck today. Thus far we've seen Karen and Nicole getting fucked on the rodeo bull, and Linda being train fucked by twelve true stallions in the Pegasus room. Caro has been fucked too, bound on top of the vault horse by all men including Fred and two extra's from the house.

"So that leaves Bibi the only one not been fucked on display. I'd say the perfect candidate for the last room today. Bibi, we know you just had your pussy stuffed with Paul's cock. But now's the time for you to get a real good fucking. Will you please follow me to the Spider Room."

In the last room for the day there was a spider sex swing. In the centre was a metal frame, in which hang a leather sex swing attached to the frame in the four corners. This room had no seats for spectators, as the last two did. The spider room was simply not for passive onlookers. The room asks for participation.

Bibi was helped into the swing, already completely naked. After first sitting down on the swing she lay down on her back, her crotch right at the edge of the sit-pad of the swing. After laying down Cindy helped her putting her feet in two stirrups, and locked them in place. Also the wrists were fixed in position, in handles hanging from two lines.

Bibi was now floating in mid-air, lying in a swing suspended from the spider frame, free to move, but not able to leave her position. My big titted, well curved desk-mate who brightens my working days just by sitting opposite me, always offering eye candy with the swell of her blouse and the well filled curves of her tight designer jeans, now hang in the middle of the room. A beautiful unhindered sight on her every curve and bit. She was not in a position to protect her body. Her position made her very accessible and ready to use. She simply was going to endure what would happen to her.

Cynthia pulled my arm and led me to the middle, right between Bibi's legs.

"Paul, since Bibi has already cloved your willy with her cute pussy today you can decide when we'll break her in so to say. First we'll warm her up good, we don't want any injuries."

I started to stroke Bibi's smooth thighs. First I moved my hands from her knees to her hips, on the outside of her legs. Stroking her thighs is a delight by itself. Bibi smiled at me her big grin. When she licked her lips I moved my finger to her pussy. Her mound wasn't as smoothly clean-shaven like it was last week. She clearly hadn't shaved or waxed since then. Her pussy was adorned with cute curly locks of blonde pubic hair.

I lightly touched her outer pussy lips of her vulva. The puffed-up fuck cushions felt nice and soft and warm to the touch. Lingering my fingers along Bibi's slit I felt the warmth from within. When I let my index finger finally glide through that hot valley and dip slightly inside her Bibi's cunny sucked my finger inside into that sticky hot furnace. She was a lot wetter than the moist package she had warmed my dick with in the previous room. 

Meanwhile the other guys were helping warming her up. Pete and Corey were busy kneading her breasts. Pete copied Corey's moves. The hands of our boss betrayed years of experience. While kneading Bibi's pussy I enjoyed watching how her tits were massaged and her nipples got a good deal of attention and turned into hard pointed little spikes. Their pink colour turned into a dark purple.

Mark and Harold had their cocks in Bibi's hands. Just as her feet were set in the stirrups her wrists were fixed on lines, still able to move in the air, but unable to dodge the forced upon contacts. Bibi was actually enjoying the handling of the cocks of her colleagues. She pumped the rods to full hardness. The precum that leaked from the tips she used as lubricant and she massaged the cream in the steel rods. 

Harold took his tool in his own hand and moved to Bibi's head. Hanging in mid-air in a horizontal position it was easy to feed his cock into her mouth. Immediately she started to suck on the hard pole of my friend.

With Harold's cock already inside my colleague I decided it was time to fill her pussy up as well. My manipulations of Bibi's pussy and the strumming of her clit had made her sex all wet and ready for a good fucking. The moist treasure was turned into a scorching oven who was leaking abundantly its surplus lubrication. She could not be more ready for me, so I shoved my member deep inside my lovely colleague.

Enclosed again inside my desk-mate's fuck chute my dingy stirred up and started to frolic in the place he loved to be the most. I didn't move myself. I gripped Bibi's hips and started to rock her in and out of my crotch. Harold joined in and gripped Bibi's head in his hands. Together we shoved our friend up and down between us, pistoning her mouth and her pussy on our cocks. It was a true dick roast. Like weathered lumberjacks we used her merciless for our own pleasure making good use of the swing she lay in.

According to the sounds she made she was loving our proceedings. Moaning around Harold's rod she could not bring out a sensible sentence, but her heavy panting and incoherent sexy sounds surely meant she was having a good time. Plenty saliva and precum leaked out of the corners of her mouth, and her sopping pussy made a delicious sloshing sound. It was music to my ears. 

We rocked Bibi continuously between us and kept our rods pistoning in her hot orifices. Gradually my orgasm build, enhanced by the strong visual feast that planted itself in my brain. That tight pussy hanging on to my thick dick every time I pushed the swing away, and the fat swollen lips giving way to my shaft splitting her yoni when I pulled her broad hips into my groin...

The humming vibrations and the vacuum sucking on Harold's cock finally was too much for him. He lost his marbles and shot his load into Bibi's mouth. Or she sucked the hot jism out of his gonads. It didn't matter for the result, which was Bibi's mouth filled with burning semen, and Harold finished for now, clutching his balls and cock as he retreated to the side of the room.

Caro took care of his member cleaning him with her mouth and sucking him back to life. Meanwhile Corey and Mark had withdrawn themselves from the rocking Bibi, and were taken care of by Lin and Cynthia. Harold's place was taken by Pete, who gave his member up to Bibi's hot sucking mouth. Soon he picked up the rhythm Harold and I had. The fun of the swing is you can swing the girl easily up and down your cock and concentrate on the glorious feeling of her pussy wrapped around your pride. Gawd that's a good feeling, standing firmly grounded and swing her through the air lodged on your cock. 

But all good things come to an end, and thus I lost my marbles inside my dear desk-mate's pussy. After having been lodged earlier inside her warm glove for quite a while enjoying Caro's show on the stretch horse (see the previous chapter), and now having pumped her pussy on my shaft I finally had to come. And come I did, so intense, it was awesome and nearly painful at the same time. Boy, was I thankful how events had employed this last week and getting so intense and closely familiar with my dear colleagues. It's my every daydream come true.

Meanwhile I had filled Bibi's pussy up with my baby cream. As I withdrew my boner it was covered with sticky gooey fuck froth clinging all over it. Nicole came to my side and cleaned me up with hundreds of kisses and licks with her lapping tongue. It was a nice soothing tongue wrapping. Again my little boy loved the intimate contact with one of my gorgeous colleagues. Due to the close attention my dick didn't go limp but staid more or less in a gentle agitated state. 

Meanwhile we were treated to a hot show. Bibi lay still rocking in the swing, serviced now by Pete and Harold. Pete had taken my position between Bibi's thighs, pumping her tight fat pussy. Harold had replaced him at Bibi's sucking mouth. He was actually fucking her throat now, pumping her head on and off his spear. A hot steaming sight to behold. With my pecker getting pampered by Lin.

Finally Pete gave in. The swinging of Bibi came to a full stop as he stood shivering against her crotch, his stick buried deep inside her clenching pussy. We witnessed the throbbing of his cock as he pumped his seed inside. Once he had decunted Bibi, Harold hurried to the other side, but he was too late. He lacked the time to mound that hot twat before he spewed his spunk. it landed in generous squirts on Bibi's crotch and belly as she looked at Harold with a big grin on her face. 

But not for long, because Frank took hold of her face, shoved his massive tool inside her mouth and sank himself deep inside her throat. Pulling her face up and down on his cock he rocked her in her swing. Corey stepped himself between Bibi's legs, holding his prick in position at the very entrance of her snatch. The rocking of the swing forced his penis inside that oozing honey pot, pistoning with every swing. Until Frank stopped the swinging with his cock buried all the way inside Bibi's throat, her nose firmly pressed to his belly. We could clearly see the pulsing bulge in Bibi's throat as he pumped his pant up seed deep inside. The tip of Corey's cock was barely locked inside Bibi's entrance as he lost his marbles as well. His hips bucked forward as he shot his spunk inside his subordinate's cunt. 

With all men spent and Bibi hanging in mid-air in her swing, Cyn left the room only to return within a few minutes, a line of naked men in tow. I recognised a few of the guys who had fucked Lin in the Pegasus room. Now they took their turn with our lovely Bibi in pairs, making her swing continuously between them, up and down on their mighty rods. Shoving her merciless over their cocks, with her mouth and her squishing pussy, making a squelching sound as they drove their spears deep inside her hot love box. 

The men rotated around the swing, continuously alternating the invaders. The changing of the cocks meant also that they all enjoyed the hot sucking of Bibi's mouth and the massage by her throat, as well as the velvety scorching indulgence of her pussy. The parting of her fat pumped up pussy lips to let the on-going array of thick men meat enter her innermost sanctum was a delight to watch. And all that time my own rod was continuously cared for and revitalized by the tender loving care of Nicole. When Harold came to claim her for the warming of his own cock Karen came to my rescue and nestled herself on my lap.

She encouraged me to hold her tiny breasts and tweak her nipples. I went from bad to worse and before long I found my fingers busy working up her sex by stimulating her clit and dipping my fingers in her tight grotto. The wetness of her slit betrayed her willingness. Girly juice trickled out of her vagina making all the folds of her vulva slick and ready. With no effort my fingers found their way up and down her slit, stimulating her clit and finally dipping inside her pussy. I settled for two fingers, curling them both to the front, caressing the vaginal wall where the clitoral tissues form the so called G-spot. I continuously warmed Karen with gentle stimulation, giving her at least five minor orgasms considering the shivers rippling through her body. She curled herself up nestling against my body.

Meanwhile Bibi got the fucking of her life. After having received the five of us, her close colleagues, she was now done by ten more hungry guys all with above average cocks. Floating in mid-air hanging in her swing under the spider like structure, she lured the testosterone filled stallions with her pheromones into her warm centre. They all fell for her nectar oozing honey box of our spider. Bibi's body was sweating and working hard servicing all those hungry boners. Swinging under the spider she was fucked non-stop and forced up and down those hard shafts, pistoned silly for some two hours.

One after the other they all lost it inside our Bibi. Her sweet cunt was filled to overflowing with the hot spendings. Fred, the amicable bartender of our regular pub, was last. He finished pumping his black spunk deep inside Bibi's womb, stopping her swinging leaving her sore pussy pierced on his mighty spear with her overused tender pussy lips firmly against his groin. He scooped up the excess spunk which seeped from her sex alongside his rod. Beaming a big smile he tenderly kneaded her big orbs, massaging the semen all over her torso.

Cyn rescued Bibi from her ordeal, setting free her wrists and ankles. She had to help her from the swing to her feet. Globs of jism fell out of her pussy and strings of sperm dripped down from her thighs over her legs. She was truly and utterly fucked.