 Melody has been hearing about this new traveling club from her best friend for weeks now. She finally gives in to Abby. Melody is at Abby's house to pose for the pictures that need to be submitted. "Ok So why do I have to pose for pictures?"

"Listen Mel...What the club does is illegal. Guys are paying for sex. Everyone has to be checked out. Everyone is hot. These pics will definitely get you in the door. Just pose ok. You can make money off this." Abby holds up her camera and gives Melody the look. 

Melody does as she is asked and poses for several shots. A couple of her face, some dressed full body and some nude. Abby sends the pictures to her own sponsor at the club only known as Random. Abby's sponsor opens the pics and goes through them. He hacks the law enforcement data bases and runs Melody's pics through facial recognition. She comes up clean after a couple of hours. 

Abby gets an email back telling her to send Melody to orientation tonight. Abby has to escort Melody. The bus will pick them up at 7 pm. Abby gives Melody a call excited. "Girl!! You are in. We will be picked up at 7 for your orientation. Get over here. We need to get ready." 

"What? Now? Tonight? I have to work tomorrow Abby." Melody is doing her clothes for the week. She is rolling her eyes at Abby through the phone. 

"Get over here!! And don't roll your eyes at me. Be here in 20." Abby hangs up and knows Melody will do as she is told. Twenty five minutes later Melody is sitting in Abby's bedroom getting dolled up. "you are going to love it Mel. I promise." 

"How does this work? You keep saying that but I don't understand." Abby is applying some eye liner so Melody is sitting very still. 

"They will tell you at orientation. I promise. Just be patient and stop blinking." Melody blows out a puff of air and sits still. A couple of hours later Melody and Abby both are outside waiting for a special bus. 

Melody is wrapped in a tight green strapless mini dress. The hem just barely passes her round ass. Her short legs look longer in the five inch heels. The dress does nothing to hide her narrow waist and emphasizes her wide hips and C cup breast. Her nipples press through the thin material. Her short pixie cut hair has been gelled and styled. Abby is a similar dress but blood red. Her very obvious C cup breast are on display. Abby is taller at 5 ft 9 compared to Melody's 5 ft. 2. She is all legs in her four inch heels. 

A black bus pulls up. It is all black. The windows are blacked out. A guy wearing a nice suit all black steps out. He gestures for the ladies to board. The music is blaring inside. There are about a dozen people inside. Mostly females. The pulls away and drives through town. It steps at a warehouse outside town. Five of the ladies get off that are going to orientation. Melody included. 

She is placed in a room by herself. There is two chairs. One is spot lighted. Melody sits in that one. Some enters the room but they remain mostly in shadow. Melody is aware it is a guy but she can't see his face. He has a deep voice. 

"Good evening Melody. Abby has submitted you for employment at Random. Do you understand that you will be paid for giving up sex?" 

Melody blushes and squirms in her seat."Yes. That is all I understand. How does this work?" 

"You will be brought to a club. Guys will be there. Your picture will be given to anywhere from 3 to 10 men at random. They can fuck you anyway you want. You earn 30% of what they pay. Any other man uses you outside of those approved you will get 50% of what they pay. You refuse you will be fired with extreme prejudice." 

Melody pales at what she is hearing. She swallows and just stares at the shadow covering the face in front of her. She opens her lips to say something. The deep voice cuts her off. "You start Friday. " He gets up and leaves the room. She is left sitting there stunned. 

She is taken back to the bus after sitting there for some time. The girls that get on the bus with her seem to be excited about it. Getting on the bus she finds Abby with a huge grin. She just looks up at Melody "Quickie night." 

Melody sits next to Abby and grabs her arm. "Abby...This is a prostitution ring. Do you know that?" She seems almost in a panic. 

Abby blinks at her and nods. "Yes. I know. We are paid and treated very well. Trust me. You will like the money after the first night. When do you start?" 

Melody swallows and stares at her best friend in shock. She whispers "Friday. You are ok with this?" 

Abby smirks at Melody. "Ok with this? Girl I am all into this. These guys are rich. They are safe. We are safe. We get royally fucked. Oh hell yeah I am "ok" with this." 

Melody sits there stunned. She does not say anything else the entire ride back. All the other girls seem to be excited about it. The bus drops them off in front of the building she and Abby live in. 

The week seems to crawl by. Melody is distracted all week at her job. She is a personal assistant for a high powered lady that moves money. Melody is called into her boss's office. She comes in ready to take notes and do whatever is asked. Her boss tells her to sit. "Sit Melody. We need to discuss why you are not doing your job lately. What is going on?" 

Melody blinks at her boss. She is older than Melody by at least 20 years. Some gray in her dark hair. Ms. Jonas keeps in shape. Her power suits flatter her slender figure. "I am sorry Ms. Jonas. I will do better. Just been a lot on my mind." 

Ms. Jonas stares for a minute then nods. "Ok. Good. I need you to make reservations for me and Maggie this weekend in Atlanta. Our usual place. We will return Tuesday. Make sure it is special. Set up all my appointments for the rest of the week." 

Melody takes notes "Yes Ma'am. Will you be meeting with Oliver Townsend while there? He has been trying to get ahold of you for the last two days." 

"Yes. Late Thursday afternoon. Nothing but Maggie and I afterwards." She has a small smile. Melody returns it and heads back to her desk. She sets everything up for her boss. 

Friday gets here. Abby has been calling Melody every ten minutes to see if she is home yet. The bus is due at 7. Missing the bus is a huge no no. Now that Melody has been officially hired things moved quick. A package was delivered to Melody's apartment. It was huge. There were at least seven dresses in the package with matching shoes. Instructions for what she was allowed to wear. How to dress. How to behave. All the stuff she will need to know. Except how she gets paid. Abby only tells her she will find out after the night is over. 

Melody chooses a blue wrap around dress. It just barely covers her breast and hips. It crosses in the back. The dress and shoes fit perfectly. Abby helps her with her hair and make-up. Diamond stud earrings are the final touch. Abby loans them to her. Abby is wearing a halter top dress that clings to her every curve. Both dresses are "easy access." They are waiting outside when the black bus shoes up. A dozen girls are scattered about the party bus. They are all hot and ready to party. The bus drives for about 30 minutes. They pull into a different warehouse and ride the elevator up stairs. 

There is a large dressing room they are in. Last minute touches are done. That same deep voice comes from a raised area. The face in shadow. "Alright ladies. The VIPs are arriving. Night is set to end at 3 am. Follow the rules. No last names. No phone numbers. Get laid. Go." Double doors open up and all the working ladies enter the club. Men and women are part of the VIPs. She has no idea who has her picture. She takes a deep breath and follows Abby to the dance floor. 

Melody is on the dance floor about five minutes. She is asked to dance by a tall man. His dark hair is fixed. He is wearing a dark suit with a red tie. He towers over Melody at an easy 6 ft. He introduces himself as Stewart. He pulls her toward him as they dance. His hands wonder over her exposed skin. He takes her hand and pulls her off the dance floor to a table. Drinks are brought to them. Stewart leans toward Melody. "I get the honor of being your first. I am going to enjoy this." 

Melody smiles and tries to answer him. He grabs the back of her neck and pushes her over the table. She cries out surprised by the sudden change. He holds her there. Moving behind her he pulls up the hem of dress. She is exposed. Panties were not allowed. She never hears the sound of his zipper. That is all he opens then lines up. 

Melody cries out as he slams his thick white cock into her. Her pussy is stretched around Stewarts cock. He holds her by the back of the neck keeping her pinned. He keeps pounding into her hard. Tears fill Melody's eyes at the pounding. She feels like she is being ripped in two. He is not terribly deep but thick. The table shakes from the pounding. Her pussy gets moist. 

After a moment the pleasure is there. Her body accepts the thick cock. Moans escape her lips but is lost in the loud music. She feels Stewart lean over her body. His voice in her ear. "Tight little bitch aren't you? Better cum soon. I am going to fill your pussy...Now" He grunts and slams in deep. She can feel his cock pulse as he empties into her. Stewart pulls out and swats her on the ass. He walks away leaving Melody bent over the table. Melody stands up and fixes her skirt. Her drink still on the table. She takes a long sip. Her hand shaking. She is still blushing. 

Abby comes up to her. "Your first fuck. Now go girl. You got more fucking to do." Abby pushes her into the crowd. Melody stumbles a bit but finds her footing. She moves back to the dance floor. It takes Melody a minute to find her rhythm to the wild sultry beat. 

She is dancing alone for a few minutes. She keeps looking around and finds that several of the girls are engaged sexually in one way or another. Not just with men either. There are several female VIPS in the club as well. Melody notices that all the VIPS are wearing a black band on their wrist. None of the "girls" are. Bracelets are forbidden by the rules she read as well as necklaces. 

Two men suddenly appear around her. One is a short black man. His hair cut close to the scalp. His grey suit very fine. A black tie. He is broad in the shoulders. He is only an inch or so taller than Melody in her heels. His skin is very dark. He is in front of Melody. She looks over her shoulder to find a lighter skinned man behind her. He is wearing a blue pin stripped suit. A red tie. He looks Hispanic by his features. He is also broad in the shoulders. He is about 4 inches taller than Melody. Both men are in good shape. Maybe in their late 20's. She can't really tell in the flashing lights. 

The black man whispers in one ear. "TJ. He is Carlos." She is between them now. Carlos has a bulge pressed against her ass. His hands slide up from her hips to the exposed side of her breast. Tj is sliding hands up her thighs sliding up the hem of her skirt. 

Melody swallows and whispers her name. TJ nods and smiles. Her skirt is up high enough to expose her pussy. Carlos has his hands in her dress kneading her tits. Her heart is pounding. She wonders how this is going to work out. 

Carlos is whispering in her ear. "Come with us. You will like this. We know this is your first time here." Both men escort her off the dance floor. They wind up near the wall. Her breast are pulled from her dress. The top pushed down to gather around her waist. The hem is pulled up as well. She is totally exposed. Carlos is mauling her tits roughly. Her nipples harden immediately. "Damn love these tits. You like this don't you?" 

Melody is at a loss for words. Too much is happening too fast. TJ is in front of her. He is stroking his fingers over her pussy. A thick finger hits her clit. Both men grin as she lets out a gasp. The sensations from her tits and from her pussy are gathering deep in her core. She has never been man handled like this before. 

Carlos starts to nibble on her neck just below her ear. TJ is sucking on one of tits and fingering her clit. Melody is trying to focus but it is too much stimulation at once. She hears a command in her ear from Carlos. His voice accented slightly. "Cum. Cum for us." She follows the command and cries out as she cums between them. Her legs almost give out beneath her. 

TJ and Carlos grin at each other. TJ opens his zipper. He directs one of her hands to it. She looks down. She has a long thick cock in her hand. He grins and mouths "Suck it." She is pushed forward to bend at the hips. The cock hits her in the face. She arches her back and extends her neck to get the tip in her lips. 

Carlos has his own zipper down. His cock is hard and standing straight out. He reaches between Melody's legs and strokes his finger along her pussy. She is wet. Very wet. He takes a hold of her hips with one hand. Holding his stiff cock with the other. He slides the tip along her pussy and finds the entrance. He pushes in slowly. Melody lets out a groan around the thick cock in her mouth. 

Tj laces his fingers in her hair. He is thrusting into her mouth. Wet sounds are coming from Melody. He is chuckling as he is fucking her mouth. She is being rocked between the two guys. She gags a bit as his cock goes in deep. Her lips tight around the thick shaft. 

Carlos has both hands on her hips now. He is thrusting hard into her pussy. Melody is just barely balanced on her heels between the two cocks. Her eyes are closed. Carlos is grinning as he watches his cock slide in and out of her pussy. Her juices coating his cock. She is gagged by the cock in her mouth. Moans and gasp muffled. Her tits are swinging from being fucked by both men. 

Carlos and Tj give each other a high five over her. She is overwhelmed by the two cocks. Her pussy ripples around Carlos's shaft. He groans loudly feeling her get tight around his shaft. Melody explodes around Carlos's cock. Her head spins with the intensity of her orgasm. His fingers dig into her flesh as he keeps pounding into her pussy. Her juices seep around his shaft. Her mouth being fucked by a black cock. Her pussy stuffed with a Hispanic cock. 

As soon as she stops cumming everything shifts. Cocks are removed from her mouth and pussy. She is pulled forward. Blinking at the sudden change. Tj steps back falling onto a chair. He pulls Melody with him. His thick black cock is bouncing with his pulse. She is spun around by Tj and pulled onto his lap. Melody cries out as she is impaled on his thick cock. Her lips fall open to release her scream. Her legs on the outside of his spreading her open. He is thrusting up into her. Her tits bouncing wildly. 

The room is filled with groups of people. Girls getting fucked or watched being fucked. Melody just barely notices that there is a group watching her. Carlos comes up to Melody. He puts his long cock between her tits. His fingers digging into her supple flesh. 

She is bouncing hard on Tj's lap. His cock filling her each time she goes down on it. Her pussy stretched to take in his shaft. Her moans and cries of pleasure are loud. The sounds mingle with the other sounds of fucking in the room and the loud music. 

Carlos is digging his fingers into the flesh of her tits. His hips rolling as he continues to fuck her tits. He grabs two handfuls of her hair and shoves his cock into her mouth. Melody is forced to bend over to take the cock in her mouth. She tries to focus on his cock. He starts to fuck her mouth. Her tits are let loose to bounce wildly again. Carlos lets out a grunt "Damn...fuck yeahhhh" Melody almost gags as her mouth is filled with Carlos's seed. He is deep in her mouth and has no choice but to swallow it. He jerks from his mouth and lets the rest of his load spray across her bouncing tits. He steps back. His cock going limp.

Tj is growling as he is burying his cock into the tight pussy over and over. His strong hands gripping her hips. Melody is crying out with each deep penetration into her pussy. He keeps hitting some deep spot in her. She throws herself back against his body and screams. Melody is trembling in Tj's lap as she cums. Her pussy rippling around his dark shaft. He growls in her ear. His hands grab her tits and he thrust in deep. He coats her pussy with his seed. They both pause in the orgasm. 

Melody has barely taken a breath when she is jerked off of TJ's cock. She finds herself face down on the floor. A heavy body has her pinned to it. She cries out as another cock is shoved into her pussy. The cock is thick but not long. Her wind is knocked from her. Hips pound into her hard and fast. There is no way she can move with the heavy weight on her. She vaguely hears several voice protesting. The cock slams into her hard and pulses. Her pussy is flooded with more cum. The weight is lifted and she is able to breath. Her head is still spinning from the orgasm. 

"Wait...I need need a minute..." Melody tries to get things to stop. Hands are on her hips pulling them up. She has lost track of who is around her. Her chest is pressed to the floor while her pussy is filled again. The cock easily slides into her well used and filled pussy. She can only moan in response. The cock starts to slam into her over and over. 

A big beefy hand grabs her hair. Her head is lifted. She pushes up to her hands. She is on all fours now. Her head is pulled to where her mouth is forced open. She is not surprised a cock is shoved in her mouth. She barely has time to notice it is a fat white cock before her mouth is filled with it. She is rocking back and forth between both cocks. She is sure she is a hot mess. Cocks are being pounded into her mouth and pussy. Her tits are swaying beneath her. 

She loses track of time. She has no idea how long she is being pounded by the cock in her pussy when she feels it start to pulse and cum in her. Melody can hear the groaning behind her. Her ass is swatted as the cock continues to pump in her. It is pulled from her. She uses the time to focus on the cock in her mouth. The hand still holding up her head. 

Another cock is pushed into her. Her pussy is easily filled. She can feel this one is thick and long. Big hands grip her ass. Her pussy is sore from more use in one night then she has had in six months. The cock in her mouth is still pounding into her throat. She feels the cock swell stretching her lips even more. She is forced to swallow the copious amounts of cum that fills her mouth. Cum drips from lips when the cock pulls out. She is gasping for breath. Loud Ah's and gasp and moans escape her lips with the cock slamming into her pussy over and over. She lets her head hang trying to absorb it. 

Melody is hits another orgasm. Juices flood from her pussy. She hears a voice cry out from behind. "Ahhhh...Fuuuuuuckkkk" The cock slams into her and coats her pussy with more cum. She is not sure how many loads are in her now. She opens her eyes and finds a pair of dark black legs beneath her. She looks up. A very dark older black man is grinning at her. He is holding a fat cock in one hand. He is crooking a finger at her with the other. The cock slides out of over used pussy. 

Melody crawls up the body. She is so sore and tired. Cum is seeping from her pussy and coating her thighs. She straddles the wide hips. He has a bit of a belly. Some grey in his dark hair. He grins. The music is not as loud. "The final test girl. Get on and ride this shit." She struggles up and straddles the cock. He still holds his cock up. She lifts her weary body up and over his shaft. The tip is swollen and purple. 

She is just starting to lower her pussy onto the thick cock. She hears a familiar deep voice yell out "Air Tight her!!" People around her start chanting "Airtight! Airtight! Airtight!" She has no idea what it means as the thick black cock splits her open. She lets out a long loud moan as she is filled. He grabs her hips with both hands and jerks her down onto his cock. "Now girl!!" She is impaled on the older cock. 
