 Part two of a series. I hope it is well received. Love all the comments and feedback I receive. Even the negative. Just so you know the phone number in this story is not real. Came from a song. Please keep reading and "Stay horny my friends."

*****

Melody is sitting on the bus next to Abby. She is excited about going to Club Random tonight. After seeing the staggering amount she received for payment she was a bit more encouraged. What really sold her was the way she was fucked. She loved being used the way she was. It was a new experience for her. Abby leans against her. "You don't seem so nervous tonight? I guess you like it huh?" 

Melody returns the smirk she gets "Ok Ok you were right. I do like it. I had never been so sore but so fulfilled before." 

"Oh, you were filled alright. Several times. Over and over and over." 

Melody blushes. "Yes. It was exciting. All the orgasms may kill me but I would so die happy." 

They both giggle at that. She went shopping with her new pay check. She found a halter top dress with a plunging neck line, open in the back and sides. The hem just stopped past her rear. The satin dark green dress clings to her like a second skin. She found some killer heels to match the dress. She spent a decent amount of some new dresses and shoes. 

The bus turns into a large warehouse. They are left off the bus and guided to the dressing room that is set up for them. They have about 30 minutes to freshen up and get ready for the club to open. 

Five minutes before they are released into the club they each pose for a quick fresh picture that will be sent out at random. None of the girls know who has their pic. When the girl are let into the club proper it is already packed and busy. 

Melody turns and makes her way around the dance floor. She is approached by a couple. The man is around 6 foot, brown hair, brown eyes. He is wearing a suit minus the jacket. On his arm is a woman just a bit taller them Melody in her heels. Her long straight hair is brown but the most beautiful blue eyes. Her little black dress clings to her slender frame. The man looks to his wife then back to Melody. "You're Melody right? Going by the picture" He holds up his cell showing the picture she just stood for.

Melody smiles at the shy couple. "Yes I am Melody. It is a pleasure to meet you. Welcome to Club Random." 

The man returns the smile and they both seem to relax. "Thank you. I am Michael and this is my wife Jessica. I guess you can tell this is our first time here. Can we get you a drink and talk?" 

"Sure. That would be great." They lead her to a sort of private sitting area. These can be reserved and used for anything. A waitress comes in and gets everyone's drink order. Melody gets a soda with Jack Daniels in it. "What can I do for you? You both seem a bit nervous." 

Jessica blushes and looks to her husband. He arches his eyebrows. Jessica answers. "Ummm...Well we are. We are ummm...wanting to experiment. I want to try being with a girl and he wants a threesome. We heard anything can happen here. Soooo...here we are." 

Melody shifts to where she is touching Jessica and reaches over to place a delicate hand on her exposed thigh. "Sure. I understand. The first time can be scary. It helps if you are attracted to that person but not required. I think you are both attractive. You both know whatever happens has to stay in the club right?" 

Michael is sitting across from the ladies that are sitting on a love seat "Oh we understand. No last names, what happens here stays here and all that. I would like to watch for a bit then join in." 

Jessica shifts so reaching her is easier. She is nodding. "Are you ok with that? Are there any other rules we need to know?" 

Melody trying to appear more confident than she is leans to Jessica. She smiles and whispers loud enough for both of them to hear. "Have fun." Melody kisses Jessica softly. Jessica tenses at first then relaxes into the kiss. It stay soft and lingering for a time. The kiss breaks and both ladies look at each other. Melody leans against Jessica pushing her to lie back on the couch. 

Jessica lays back. Melody slides up the slender body with her own kissing Jessica again. The kiss this time does not remain soft but gets deep and passionate. Melody starts to explore Jessica with her hands. Hems of dresses get pushed up. Melody is not wearing panties as a club rule. Jessica is wearing a tiny black thong. 

Michael sits back and watches his wife get seduced willingly by Melody. Melody and Jessica have seem to have forgotten him for the moment. Lips locked together, hands exploring each other. Melody gets Jessica's top down exposing her perky boobs. They are slightly upturned. Pink nipples hard. Jessica gasp when Melody lowers her head to suck one into her mouth. 

Melody is somewhat experienced having spent some intimate time with her best friend Abby. Jessica receives all the experience Melody has and few things she didn't know. Melody slides a knee up between Jessica's thighs. She puts pressure on the very damp pussy. Jessica cries out again. She tangles her long manicured fingers into Melody's short hair. The little black dress winds up around Jessica's waist. 

Melody looks up as the waitress comes back in to refresh drinks. "Will you bring us a red feeldoe please Jill?" Jill smiles and gives a nod. Melody moves back tucking her legs under her. She pulls off the damp thong covering Jessica's pussy. It gets tossed to Michael who sniffs it and tucks it into a pocket. Jessica is watching Melody.

"Are you going to do what I think you are going to do?" Jessica has her legs parted. Melody on her knees between them. 

Melody parts Jessica's soft moist lips with her fingers. She blows on the glistening pink flesh. "Oh yes I am. I am not going to stop until after you are writhing with an intense orgasm." Jill comes back with fresh drinks and sets a shiny red feeldoe on the table. "Then I am going to fuck you crazy." 

Jessica looks at the feeldoe on the table. Her lips form an O as Melody lowers her head between the parted thighs. Her tongue drags up from Jessica's entrance to her clit along the pink flesh. Melody avoids the swollen clit to explore the rest of Jessica's pussy. Jessica's head falls back, moans and other noises coming from her lips. "Nnnnnnhhhh...ohhhh god Melody...Fuuuuuckk." 

Michael is grinning as he watches them. "Is she pretty good Baby?" He has his own cock out stroking it slowly. 

Jessica lifts her head and nods. She has a grip on the short hair of the head between her thighs. "Oh fuck yes. Oh God her tongue is talented." 

Melody keeps her body pressed between the long slender thighs. She has explored the moist pussy. She flicks her tongue over the clit and gets a gasp. She dances her tongue all around the clit. Jessica's whole body jerks when Melody hits a spot just above the clit and slightly to the left. Focusing on that sweet spot Jessica tightens the grip in her hair. Hips come off the couch. Melody found the sweet spot. 

"Fuck fuck fuck Melody...oh fuck. Don't don't stop...Michael come here." Michael stands and does as he is told. His wife sucks his cock into her mouth. Her head bobbing back and forth along his shaft. He groans. Jessica loses focus on his cock as Melody concentrates everything on that spot. "oh fuck. Sit down. She has my attention. I can't wait to watch her fuck you." Jessica is arching off the couch

Melody has her arms around Jessica's thighs to hang on to the humping hips. Jessica arches hard. Her lips open in a silent scream. She finds her voice and lets out a scream and shatters over Melody's tongue. Melody does not lose a step and laps at the pink flowing pussy. Jessica collapses onto the couch panting. Melody lifts her head and crawls up Jessica's body. Her chin coated with Jessica's juices. 

The kiss they get tangled in is hot and passionate. Melody breaks the kiss and leans across to grab the feeldoe. Melody is on her knees on the couch. She wiggles out of her dress and tosses it to the empty chair. A slight moan escapes Melody as she inserts the short end of the feeldoe. Jessica watches her. "I have never seen one of those before. Will it stay?" 

Melody nods and shifts between Jessica's thighs. "Oh yes. This is a lesbian or bi girl's dream. We both get pleasure from it. It sits right on my g-spot." She takes both of Jessica's hands and puts them on her own boobs. "Please feel free to touch and grope all you want. I like it." 

Melody leans over Jessica's body. Hands now kneading her tits. Melody uses one hand to line up the latex cock. She kisses Jessica deeply dancing their tongue together. A slow push and Melody slides into Jessica's wet pussy with the hard toy. Jessica arches and groans loudly in the kiss. Melody fills Jessica with her toy. 

Jessica scratches her nails down Melody's back. "Ahhhhh...Oh...My...God..." She spreads her thighs wide and brings her legs around Melody's hips. 

Melody starts to slide her toy in and out of Jessica. She starts with a slow pace. Their bodies pressed together. Melody has one hand between them kneading the firm flesh of Jessica's boob. Melody is whispering in Jessica's ear. "Mmmmm...You are so wet. I can feel how tight you are. Let go. Cum as often as you want." 

Jessica is swept up in the sensations. Her hips start to come up meeting Melody's as she is filled with the thick hard toy. Melody starts to drive into her faster and harder. Their lips find each other again. Tongue swirled together. Melody moves her hips faster. She has been on the receiving end of a feeldoe before. She does not get too rough as it does give as easily as a real cock. 

Jessica is thrusting her hips up to meet Melody's hips. The toy diving in deep. Jessica breaks the kiss and arches back. Her lips open wide. Her scream of pleasure is heard in the next few tables. Some people peek in to watch. Jessica is panting as she comes down from the orgasmic high. "Oh Damn. You're you're not going to stop?" 

Melody grins and shakes her head. "Not yet. I am betting you still have a few more of those in you." Melody kisses on Jessica's neck. She whispers softly "Invite Michael. His cock is so hard it may burst." Melody starts to stroke in and out faster. They both look over at Michael who is stroking his cock. 

Jessica wiggles a finger at him. "Come here baby. Let me help you with that." She has a lustful look in her eyes. 

Michael grins and hurries closer. Jessica reaches up with one hand. She licks along one side of his throbbing cock. Michael moans softly. Melody leans over Jessica enough to lick the other side of his cock. His eyes go wide as the two share his cock. Each of them licking one end or the other. Jessica slides her tongue up the length of the cock to the tip. Her lips circle the swollen tip of her husband's cock. Melody slides her tongue to the base. He flinches when one of his balls is in her mouth. 

Melody is stretched to reach Michael's cock. Her hips driving as hard and fast in Jessica as she can. Her and Jessica's heads come close to hitting as Jessica is bobbing her head up and down Michael's shaft. Melody licks at the base and at his heavy sack. When Jessica lets the tip pop out of her lips, Melody takes it in her mouth. She starts to slide her lips up and down the hard slick shaft. She thrust her hips at the same pace. Jessica lets her head fall back with the pleasure. 

Jessica comes up and whispers in Melody's ear. "Can he fuck your ass? I won't let him. He wants to try it." 

Melody nods and pops the cock from her mouth. "Mi...Michael...There is is lube in that basket...Fuck fuck my ass. I I need your cock in me." Michael blinks and looks around and finds the basket. He finds a bottle of lube and coats his cock with it. He is grinning as he steps behind Melody. Melody looks over her shoulder and Jessica shifts so she can watch too. "Please Michael...Slide slide into me. Fill me with your cock." She has stopped moving in Jessica giving Michael a chance to get in her ass. 

Michael grips his cock with one hand. He parts Melody's round bubble but with the other hand. He presses against her rose bud and his tip pops in. Melody arches pushing into Jessica a bit and hisses. "oh Fuck this is going to be tight. Are you sure about this?" He sees Jessica watching and grins at her. 

Melody is whimpering with the pressure. "Yessss...oh God yessss...Fill me with your cock Michael." Her eyes are wide looking at Jessica. She whispers. "oh god he is thick." Jessica smirks. Melody relaxes her ass and arches her back. Michael is able to slide in all the way. Melody rolls her eyes up. Between the feeldoe and Michael's cock she is filled. "Ahhhhhh...Fuuuuckk" 

Michael's weight helps drive Melody deeper into Jessica who lets out a loud moan. As Michael pulls back Melody does to. When Michael drives in to Melody he drives her into his wife. It takes a bit but they get a rhythm going. They have drawn a crowd watching the unique threesome. Some VIPs some staff. 

Melody trapped between the husband and wife is filled with the toy and a cock. Jessica is squirming beneath her, fondling Melody's tits. Their lips locked in tongue wrestling kiss. Michael is pounding into her ass making Melody pound into Jessica. All the sensations gather in her core and explode outward through her body. 

Michael can feel Melody cum. Her ass ripples with her pussy. Her groans muffled with the passionate kiss. Juices flood around the feeldoe. 

Jessica lets the kiss break. She grits her teeth as her body tenses. Melody takes advantage of it and bites one of Jessica's nipples. Jessica is pushed over the edge and explodes with a scream. Her pussy floods. It seems to surprise Jessica when her juices flood from her to mix with Melody's. They kiss as they both float in orgasmic bliss. Melody stops moving staying buried in Jessica. 

Michael is close. He grips Melody's hips firmly. He roughly pounds into the tight ass with abandon. This is his first time to fuck an ass. He has not been told to stop. He slams in hard and deep making Melody cry out. His cock swells and he coats her ass with load after load of his cum. 

Jessica is watching over Melody's shoulder. Melody is whimpering and squealing from the pounding. Jessica whispers in his ear. "Oh God That was hot. I have never seen him cum like that. Thank you Melody." 

Melody is panting. She moans as he fills her ass with his hot copious amounts of cum. "Oh God...It was so my pleasure." 

Jessica giggles softly. "Mine too. I am now a confirmed bisexual. I wish I could see you again." 

Melody whispers. "555-867-5309...call me tomorrow." She groans as a weight is lifted from her. She pushes off of Jessica who lays back on the coach spent. A puddle of juices on the black leather. Melody pulls the feeldoe out of her. She moans as her pussy is emptied. "oh Damn...I love these. This is yours Jessica." She grins. "I am sure you can find a use for it." 

Jessica takes it with a smirk. Melody kisses them both before gathering her dress and slips her heels back on. She leaves their section to head to the make-up room to refresh.