 Recently my company sent me to Las Vegas for a work assignment that lasted nearly 5 months. Knowing that Lake Mead had a clothing optional or nude beach I decided to check it out. I would usually strip down and pack my clothes away as soon as possible. Several times I would strip at the parking lot and head to the beach naked. I would usually spend 5 or 6 hours at the beach. Often people, mostly clothed, would stop and talk for a while. Due to my exhibitionist desires, I immensely enjoyed being on full display for them. When leaving I would seldom ever dress, going to the parking lot totally nude. Several times I encountered others there and they were okay with my nudity. 

Once when I was there, as I scanned the surrounding area, I noticed a couple along the waterfront across the inlet. It was not long before they were having sex on the open beach. I made my way around the inlet for a closer view of them, but hoping that I would not inhibit them. Getting within about 30 feet of them I noticed another man, Steve, was also enjoying their performance. 

She had a slim build with large natural breasts. He was of muscular build with a cock that looked to be about 10 inches. They both, Tim and Debbie would look over at us on occasion and smile as we looked on. It was apparent that the enjoyed us watching. Steve asked them if they cared if we watched and they both said, "Please do, we like for people to watch us." They would change positions frequently. On occasions she would take his large member in her mouth but only taking a little over half of him in. Then they would return to fucking. As they would change positions they would look over at us as almost seeking our approval. 

My own member hardened as I watched their performance. I soon had my own cock in my hand slowly stroking, as I stretched out on one of the nearby rocks. They both looked at me, smiling giving me their approval. Looking around I noticed that another guy, Phil, had joined us, looking at Steve he seemed to be watching me as I stroked. I smiled at him before my attention returned to Tim and Debbie and their performance. A few minutes later Steve moved closer to me and asked me if I wanted any help. I released my cock, leaned back on both elbows and looked up at him and told him yes please. 

Steve knelt beside me extending his hand out grabbing my nut sack as he at first massaged my balls. Awkwardly he wrapped his fingers around my stiff cock. He asked if it was okay and I told him that it was. He told me that this was his first time with another man and did not think that he was ready to suck a dick yet. He slowly began stroking my dick as I reached down to fondle my own balls. Pushing my hand away he began to massage them as he continued to stroke me in his fist. I laid back to watch Steve as he serviced me. My cock ached as he pumped me; soon I was thrusting my hips upward matching his movements, fucking his hand. Pre cum was oozing as the head of my cock glistening in the sunlight. Steve quickened his pace, as cum was building within me. As I thrust my hips on last time I erupted spilling my juices across my chest. Steve continued to stroke my dick as he milked every drop from me. He continued to massage my balls and my dick as my erection started to fade away. Looking over at Tim and Debbie they both had a beaming smile on their faces as they had stopped their action and had watched us. 

Looking at Steve, I curled my fingers around him, stroking him, his 6" cock growing harder. I reached out and flicked my tongue over the tip of his cock, licking up the pre cum that had already formed. I circled the head of his cock with my tongue and then all the way down to the base. He shifted, allowing me better access to his cock. My lips felt as if they were on fire as they slide the length of him, teasing his stiff cock. "Please, suck my cock. Wrap your lips around it, make me cum." I was happy to oblige and ran my tongue across his smooth balls. I took one into my mouth and swirled my tongue around it. I paused for just a moment before taking both into my mouth. I felt Steve's hand on the back of my head. I ran my tongue up the shaft of his cock, flicking my tongue over the sensitive tip. I circled my tongue over it, paying close attention to the sensitive underside. I moved to take his cock completely into my mouth, my lips sliding the entire length of him while my tongue continued to circle him. I moved up and down slowly, burring his cock in my throat. 

Hearing Steve's words "Oh god, yes, suck my cock!" swirling my tongue around his cock I moved faster up and down. I moved one hand to his cock and began to stroke him as I sucked. His hand tightened his grip as he pushed me onto his cock. I met his thrusts, taking his cock deep into my throat. 

His cock began to stiffen, he was going to cum. He moaned loud, thrusting against my hand and lips. I took him out of my mouth and stroked him until I felt the first drops of his hot cum fall onto my tongue and face. I slid my lips down the entire length of him, taking him completely into my mouth sucking the remaining cum from his pulsating cock. 

All eyes had been on Steve and me as I had sucked him to orgasm. Tim and Debbie had stopped and had watched us. Phil stood within just of few feet of Steve and I. As Steve and I talked Phil moved even closer and joined our conversation. Still kneeling on the ground I was at eye level to both of their cocks. Phil's cock was half erect and about 7 inches long. I found myself looking at Phil's dick savoring how his meat would taste. The three of us continued to talk for several minutes, with Steve saying that he needed to leave and thanked me for a great blowjob. Phil also remarked on my talents and said that he enjoyed watching. I asked him if he would like for me to do the same to him and he replied by stepping forward placing his cock only inches from my waiting mouth. 

I began placing wet kisses and licking all over Phil's cock and balls. Phil grabbed me by the hair and just began rubbing his cock and balls all over my face. I just did what came naturally to me and judging from Phil's reactions, I was doing everything right. 

I kissed and licked his big head and just kept my eyes fixated to his waiting for his reaction. I was alternating between swirling my tongue all over his head, to licking his balls and shaft. He began pumping his hips and holding my head still. I let him have his way with me, as I knew he was getting close to his climax, and eagerly awaited my reward! 

I wanted nothing more than to feel him squirt into my mouth and taste his hot sperm! Phil's thrusts became faster and deeper. As he got deeper, I relaxed my throat muscles and felt him go into my throat. I was determined to have all of him! Finally I could feel his big balls bouncing off of my chin and I was in pure ecstasy! 

Phil was saying things like: "You love this don't you, suck my cock, lick my balls and then his hips were starting to buck uncontrollably. I gonna come.... oh my gosh.... suck me, just like that!" I cupped his muscular ass in my hands and felt his asscheeks flex with each squirt! 

It seemed like Phil would never stop climaxing! The spasms of his big cock were an unbelievable turn on! I knew with each of those spasms that a big squirt was coming out of him, while he held himself in my throat. And the force of those squirts! It felt like he was going to blow the back of my head off! And not to mention how hot and thick his load was! Phil's load was so large I couldn't swallow all of him fast enough and some of him was dripping out of the corners of my mouth. 

I was squeezing Phil's balls somehow trying to coax more of his delightful sperm out of them. As Phil pulled his cock out of my mouth, a large strand of his sperm was remaining making a rope between his cock and my mouth. I licked that strand all the way back to his cock without letting it break. I cleaned his cock and balls thoroughly before pulling myself completely away. I then wiped up the rest of Phil's load off of my chest and licked my fingers clean. 

As I pulled away from Phil, a woman's voice said, "That was one hell of a blow job". Turning my head I saw Debbie standing beside us. Phil told us that it was the best that he had ever had and would not turn another one down if we ever met again. Debbie told us that she and Tim had enjoyed watching me suck the two men off. She especially liked the fact that I had deep throated both men and also swallowed their load. Phil soon left as Debbie and I continued to talk. 

Finally she told me, "I would like for you to suck Tim off just as you had the others. Tim has never had a blowjob from a guy before. It has been such a turn on for both of us to watch you. I have been with other women and now I want to watch him with another man. I want to watch you suck his cock; I want him to blow in your mouth. Please suck his cock for me. Show me you can take all of him down your throat. 

I told her I would be happy to suck his massive cock. I wanted to feel it slide down my throat. I wanted to taste his hot cum as he exploded in me. I wanted her to watch me as I pleased her man, as I liked for others to watch me much as they do. 

As I knelt before Tim she said that he had already cum twice so it may take a little extra for him to blow again. He didn't speak, instead, he put his hand on the back of my head, and slowly but forcefully pulled my face down towards his lap. This immediately turned me on. I saw his stiff cock standing up waiting for the attention it was about to receive. It was about ten inches long and cut. I immediately wanted it. I was determined to make sure he liked what I was about to do. With his hand still guiding me down, I extended my tongue, and licked up and down the shaft, getting a feel of its hardness. I heard a quick intake of breath, and his hand stopping forcing me downward. Up and down I licked, enjoying the sensation of it. Then I opened my mouth and allowed it to push past my lips, taking most all of it in. Immediately he groaned, it came out as a low throaty growl. 

"Oh my god!" He whispered above me. "You don't know how good that feels." My answer came in the form of me bobbing up and down on his hard cock a little faster, stopping every now and then to use my tongue to lick it and slather around the large, purple head. My hand went to his balls, gently kneading them. I realized that he had shaved his groin area. It felt smooth and soft, and I ran my tongue over his balls too. I would suck each one gently in my mouth as I listened to the grunts and sighs of pleasure from him that rose from my actions. I felt him moving around as I sucked him. 

I realized that he was now scooting backwards and lying almost horizontally. I made sure that his cock never left my warm, wet mouth as I followed his movements. He brought his legs up a little for comfort I suppose. I had my own ideas while he was in that position. 

I let his cock loose from my mouth and licked my way down his balls, and then went back to his delicious cock, once again taking all of him in and bobbing up and down, making his dick wet and shiny. I could tell he was in ecstasy from the sounds escaping his throat, and the way he was squirming. 

"Oh yes, you're a good cocksucker!" He would say. "Keep sucking, I'm going to cum soon. And you're going to swallow it all, aren't you?" His hand was still on the back of my neck, keeping my face in his lap. That was all right with me, I wanted it! I waited until I thought he was on the verge of cumming, and then started to pull away. 

"No you don't!" He yelled. "Open up and swallow it!" He grabbed his meat with one hand and pushed my mouth back down upon it. His hand grabbed hold of my hair and he forced my mouth up and down his cock. These went on for another minute or so as he gasped and thrust his hips up to meet my mouth. Suddenly he forced my mouth all the way down his cock, and his cock swelled even bigger, 

Then he unloaded his cum into my mouth. I stayed in place; swallowing and then licking his shaft clean, as his deep and heavy breathing started to return to normal. He still kept my mouth on his dick as it slowly began to lose its hardness. It didn't shrink much though, and as I continued to lick and suck his meat, it actually started to harden once more. 

His hand left my head, and as I came up for air, he sat back with his eyes closed and breathed deeply. "That felt wonderful!" He sighed.