 Dan Webb was a middle-aged colleague of mine in the department who had risen to be assistant to the dean. He was also the dirtiest, randiest sonofabitch I had ever known. Divorced for years, he spent a great deal of his time scouting for pretty conquests in the freshman co-ed ranks. He often gave me vivid details of what he'd been up to. When I mentioned Tanya Cochran his eyes lit up.

"What a gorgeous piece of ass! I've been trying to pull her for weeks!" he grinned. "Did you really get her to come across?"

"The other way round, actually," I told him. "But I wanted to ask you if you'd like to join us for a threesome?"

"Are you kidding? You mean sexy young Tanya wants to make it with two guys at the same time?"

"In a nutshell. She's a very horny young lady, and adventurous as hell."

"You don't say! Count me in, buddy!"

And so it was that the next evening I escorted Tanya to Dan's incredible penthouse apartment, with its views of downtown and the river. Tanya was very impressed and she strode about the place with a glass of wine in her hand, checking out the bookshelves and the view from the deck.

She was dressed in a low-cut black mini-dress. Her elegant black stockings, I knew, would be attached to a lacy black garter belt. She was doubtless without bra or underpants. Her hair and make-up were, as always, perfect.

We made small talk for maybe ten minutes and then Dan was standing right in front of Tanya, his hands on her waist. He took her wine glass and placed it on a coffee table, leaned forward and kissed her on the mouth.

"I hear you like adventure," he said, and slipped both straps of her dress off her shoulders. Her big beautiful tits were fully exposed as the dress fell to her waist.

"I do," she replied. "College life can be so boring sometimes. I need to let loose on a regular basis."

"You came to the right place, and with the right two partners"

Her dress fell suddenly to the ground and she stood there naked but for her black garter belt and stockings. I was halfway across the room but the sight of her stunning naked ass between the garters took my breath away. She had maybe the most perfect body I'd ever seen.

"What is it about being with more than one man that excites you?" Dan went on. His calm tone of voice made it sound as though this were the most natural conversation in the world.

"I think it's because it's so taboo. It's the kind of thing only a slut or a whore would do."

Dan had peeled off his shirt and opened up his pants. As he stepped from them, naked, his huge cock, already semi-erect, swung up and out from his crotch. But it was so big it still tilted to the ground. He moved closer to her, took her gently into his arms, and began to kiss her again. His monster cock nestled down between her legs, aligned with her cunt.

I quickly stepped out of my own clothes and came up behind her. I reached round to cup her swollen tits and slotted my own growing hard-on up between the cheeks of her ass.

"My goodness, you gentlemen are hung!" she gasped, breaking off the deep kiss at last. "And I don't know when I've felt more appreciated."

We gently squeezed and caressed her between us, sandwiching her. My cock was growing stiffer by the second, angling up between her buns till it reached the small of her back. I'm sure Dan's cock was growing just the same, up along her belly.

"I'd really love to suck both these cocks," she breathed. "If you gentlemen don't mind."

And she was sinking to her knees on the carpet, clutching a cock in each hand and tilting them up into her face. She began to lick my cock first, scraping her tongue every which way on the head and taking in maybe four inches for a preliminary suck.

Then she moved over to Dan's prick and did the same, all the while keeping up a gentle shucking motion with both hands. In seconds both our cocks were rock hard. And that was before she started rubbing them all over her face, as if they were part of some miraculous skin conditioning system.

"She is indeed an adventurous young lady," Dan said quietly, looking at me. "I thank you for bringing her over this evening."

So formal all of a sudden, while the young lady in question was on her knees smearing his giant hard-on all over her face.

"Sorry guys, I just love cock. The more the merrier," she smiled. And she plunged her mouth down deep on my cock, taking in way over six inches.

And now she began to suck with a vengeance, plowing her mouth up and down my cock in a steady rhythm. And just when I thought I'd have to stop her, unless she wanted a mouthful of sperm, she switched over to Dan's cock and provided the same service. His cock was bigger than mine, but she took in almost all of it on each downstroke.

"I could watch you suck multiple cocks all day," Dan said dryly at one point.

"But I suggest we adjourn to my bedroom where we can do some serious fucking. I also want to kiss that beautiful little twat of yours before many more minutes have passed."

He took her by the hand and led her into his bedroom, lay her across his enormous bed. He knelt down and she splayed open her leg for him. Her lovely shaved pussy was already splitting open in readiness as he leaned down and began to lick her. She began to whimper softly almost at once.

She was angled across the lower half of the bed and it was easy for me to tilt her head over the edge and press my hard cock against her mouth. She opened her lips and let me slip my cockhead inside. I gently eased as much cock into her mouth as she could take, and then, supporting her neck with one hand, I began to fuck her face.

I moved gently, tenderly, sliding more and more cock into her throat on each stroke. After a few seconds she was taking me in damn near to the balls. I could hear her snorting softly as I forced my cock into her face.

"Such a sweet pussy," Dan announced, taking a breather. "I could eat this sweet cunt all day."

I could see he'd peeled back her outer labia with his fingers till her cunt was gaping wide. He went back to work eating her, licking and teasing her pink pussy flesh and diddling her clit with the tip of his tongue.

Her thighs began to move in and out. I thought I saw the muscles trembling. Her snorts grew louder under my cock and I was sure she was close to coming.

Dan stayed with her, even when her hips began heaving up off the bed. She was mashing her pussy onto his mouth, and she was almost growling now, reaching her climax. One final lunge of her hips told us she was there. There were wet squishy sounds as she began to spurt pussy juice all over Dan's face.

"Holy fuck!" he grinned, pulling his head up off her crotch at last. One final squirt from her cunt splashed into his face.

Then he was clambering up, his massive hard-on in his hand. He moved between her legs, slotted his cockhead onto her gaping pussy. He lid his cock into her and began fucking her, burying his dick again and again in her wet twat. He began pile-driving her into the bed.

I was still fucking her inverted face and was ready for a little pussy action myself. I waited patiently, wondering if Dan wasn't ready to spurt. But after maybe a minute of solid fucking he stopped, withdrew his steaming prick from her cunt, and lay down on his back on the bed, panting softly. His giant dick jutted up from his crotch like a greased piston.

"Climb on top of me, Tanya," he instructed. "Ride my cock. Dangle those big beautiful tits in my face."

I withdrew my cock from her mouth and watched as she obediently raised herself up and climbed on top of Dan. She straddled him, clutched his dick in her fist, and nudged it between her cuntlips. She sank down on him, letting the giant hard-on impale her. She gave off a deep moan of pleasure as his cock re-entered her.

She began to fuck him, letting her big tits hang over his face till he gripped one and began to suck a distended nipple. The sight of her splayed ass cheeks was just too much for me. Her pretty asshole seemed to wink at me as she moved.

I crawled up behind her and as I knelt there I reached for a jar of lubricant that Dan had helpfully left on the night-stand. I smeared a handful of the stuff up and down on my hard-on, leaving it glistening. Then I lay my free hand in the small of her back, gripping the rear strap of her garter belt.

She seemed to understand immediately. She stopped her movements and let me smear generous gobs of lubricant between the cheeks of her gorgeous ass, and directly onto the puckered ring of her asshole. I took my cock in hand, nudged it between her buns and onto her anus. Then I eased forward and began feeding my hard-on up her ass.

Her anus didn't offer much resistance. Her sphincter widened and folded itself easily over my prickhead. Inch after inch of my hard-on followed, disappearing up her ass till I had it half embedded. I paused, wondering if I was hurting her. But she gave no sign. In fact she encouraged me to go on.

"All the way, baby! Ram that big cock all the way up my asshole!" she hissed. "Double penetrate me! Sandwich fuck me!"

I didn't hesitate. I slid the rest of my cock up her ass till it was totally absorbed. Then I began to sodomize her, fucking her ass with deep lunges that sent wave after wave of pleasure through me.

Dan resumed his movements under her, drilling his cock up into her cunt with solid strokes. She trembled between us, wracked with pleasure as our twin cocks plowed into her. How she took us both I don't know. She was young and she was pliable, I guess.

I happened to glance to one side at one point directly into a giant mirror Dan had on one wall. What a sight we were, me drilling my hard-on into Tanya's ass, Dan pistoning up into her pussy, and she sandwiched between us like some delicate little doll. The sight was too much for me. I felt my orgasm approaching.

"I'm almost there!" I gasped.

"So am I, buddy. Pull out," Dan grunted. "In her face. We've got to cover her face. Tanya lie on your back on the bed."

I eased my cock out of her asshole and she gave off a little squeal. That can be an odd sensation. Then she was lifting up off Dan and rolling onto her back on the bed, her big tits undulating.

Dan and I scrambled to either side of her head, kneeling up, our glistening hard-ons jutting up through our fists and looming over her face.

"Fuck, you guys are such dirty sonsofbitches," was her only comment on the matter as she glanced from one cock to the other, waiting for what she knew was coming.

Dan and I were both jerking off furiously, holding our cocks inches above her face. Then Dan let out a low moan and shot a monstrous slug of sperm up her cheek and into her eye. It filled up her entire socket, blinding her, glistening there like some weird eye patch.

He groaned again and spurted another huge glob into her mouth, filling that cavity till the residue rolled off her cheeks and chin. Then he splattered two more jets diagonally across her face, leaving thick ropes of cum draped over her cheeks and forehead, looped over the bridge of her nose and off along one eyebrow. Her other eye was sealed shut, one fat pearl of silver hanging from her eyelash.

By this time I was spurting myself, decorating her beautiful soiled features with even more ribbons of semen. My jets criss-crossed with Dan's, spangling Tanya's face with heavy strings of goo. Once, twice, three times I shot off, emptying my balls and leaving her face awash with multiple streams of sperm.

"Holy fuck!" Dan gloated, shaking the last couple of drops of cum off the end of his cock. "You okay under there, Tanya?"

All Tanya could do was nod her head gently. She couldn't speak because pools of semen were drooling from between her lips. She couldn't see because she was temporarily blinded by a blanket of cum.

"We'll get you cleaned up in a minute," Dan went on. "But first I have to get some shots of this."

And he grabbed his phone from the nightstand and began recording for posterity the outrage we'd just performed on the willing girl. She lay there quite placidly, letting him take pictures of her sperm-splattered face.

I knelt there with my dripping cock in hand and watched a last glob of silver drool to her cheek.