 Later, after we'd all showered, we sat out on the rooftop patio with glasses of wine. It was a warm evening and we were all naked and yet completely relaxed and at ease with each other. Dan had asked Tanya to stay on for a while because he had something to discuss with her. 

"I was very impressed with you here tonight, Tanya," he began. "You were absolutely amazing."

"I enjoyed it. It's all part of my new adventurous college life."

"I was especially impressed that you seemed willing to try anything without protest. The double penetration, for instance."

"That was fucking fantastic. I've wanted to try that for a while."

"I'm so glad you enjoyed it. You also seemed to enjoy letting Tom and I both come in your face. That's a rare thing among women, even experienced women."

"I enjoyed that too. I felt that I was truly at the centre of things and that I was exciting both of you beyond measure."

"The reason I bring all this up is that I have an offer to make to you. It's an unusual offer and if any of what I say offends you or upsets you, just stop me and I'll say no more."

"I'm all ears."

"Tom may be more put off than you, now that I think of it. This will be the first he's heard of it in any detail. And of course he's free to leave if he so desires."

I nodded and sipped my wine, just as curious as Tanya. I knew Dan was a dirty middle-aged man and maybe something of a pervert, but I knew few real details of his secret life.

"Along with several other professional men, many of them very successful, I'm a member of a kind of club," he went on.

"A pervert's club?" Tanya smiled.

"You're not far off the mark. We're all men who enjoy sex in all its vast variety, but especially with extremely attractive younger women. And we enjoy it in a group setting. Once a month or so we gather at the exclusive home of one of our wealthier members. He has a luxurious basement room outfitted with all the amenities."

"Not a dungeon?"

"Not at all. None of us has any interest in that type of thing. The essence of our excitement is that the lovely young woman in question be willing. More than willing. That they enjoy themselves as much as we do. Which is why I thought of you. 

"But what do they have to do, these attractive young women?"

"We leave it up to them to do whatever they want, to go as far as they want to go. Some of them just want to take off their clothes while we take photographs or videos. And that's all they want to do. Others may want to strip and play with sex toys, masturbate and so on."

"And what about you men? Do you strip also?"

"We're usually all naked, yes."

"How many men are we talking about?"

"It varies. We've had as few as six and as many as twelve."

"And if the women want to do more than strip or play with themselves?"

"It's what we encourage. They can let as many men as they wish caress them, feel them up, perhaps finger fuck them or lick their pussies. They can suck as many or as few cocks as they wish. They can also fuck as many as they wish, straight fucking or anal. They can participate in a full gangbang if they wish."

'Let me get this straight. A girl could suck and fuck as many as twelve men if she wished?"

"Yes."

"And of course all of the men come?"

"If that's what she wishes. It's all up to her. She's in charge. Some of them have let us cover them in semen. Some of them love bukkake."

"Bukkake?"

"When a whole group of men ejaculate on a woman, usually on her face. That's often the end of the evening. Unless the young lady requests water sports."

"Water sports?"

"Pissing. Unless the young lady wishes to be pissed on or wishes to pee on one or more of the men."

"Fuck, this sounds like a real fun way to spend an evening." 

"It is. And of course for the young lady there's always an added incentive."

"Oh?"

"Each man has to donate a minimum of two hundred dollars on each of the evenings. Some donate much more, depending on how far the young lady is willing to go, and how well she has performed. And all the money goes to the young lady as a kind of tip."

"Ten or twelve men, at two hundred a pop, maybe more? That could pay for a chunk of tuition."

"It could. And it's usually a very interesting and fun evening. Weird things can happen. "

"Like what?"

"Well, the fellow who owns the house made lots of money as an engineer before branching out into other areas. One evening he set up this weird shower that poured down into a huge bowl or bath tub"

"What's so weird about that?"

"It wasn't a shower with water. He concocted this huge amount of white slimy liquid that looked like semen. He was on a rigged platform above the bowl, and while the girl writhed around naked under him he used a kind of funnel to pour down thick ropes of fake sperm all over her."

"Holy fuck!"

"She ended up literally taking a bath in fake sperm."

"And you guys photographed or videoed the whole thing, of course?"

"Yes. Many of our young ladies enjoy the exhibitionism of the whole thing. What do you think?"

"I'm in. I mean I love the whole idea of being the center of attention of all those men. And all those cocks! Fuck, it must be an amazing experience."

"I'm glad you think so. And of course we always agree on a safe word for you to use if ever you find things going too far or if you just feel you've had enough. We never want you to be uncomfortable. We want this to be one of the strangest, most exciting experiences of your life."

"Sounds like it could be."

"Good. I'll arrange things for an upcoming date. Maybe as early as next week."

As I sat listening to this dialogue my initial reaction changed from the notion of not wanting anything to do with it to the idea that I couldn't miss it for anything in the world. The fact that I had a growing hard-on by the end of the discussion pretty much decided the matter.

In a way of course I felt responsible for Tanya. I'd been the one to introduce her to Dan. I'd been an eager participant in her double penetration. And as I drove her home I asked her if she really was interested in experiencing what would essentially be a monumental gangbang.

"Are you kidding? It's like Professor Dan said, it would be the experience of a lifetime. And tips thrown in!"

"But Tanya, all those horny men!"

"I know! Isn't it fabulous! All those men, hard and horny for me!"

And so it was that a few nights later I drove her to an amazing old stone property in the eastern upper levels of the city, a place with several acres of its own grounds and a driveway that seemed to go on for miles.

"Fuck, this guy must be loaded," was Tanya's only comment.

The guy in question was a gray-haired older man who welcomed us himself at the door and was as warm and charming as could be. We might have been arriving for a pleasant dinner party. He was a retired engineer and property developer named Raymond and he made it clear from the start that he was very impressed with Tanya's looks.

"You're every bit as stunning as Dan described, my dear," he told her as he led us down into a softly lit basement room. His eyes ran up and down her gorgeous young body hungrily.

She was dressed in her schoolgirl outfit, the way she'd appeared in my office several days before. The only added accessory was a tie, of all things, so that her crisp white shirt had to be buttoned all the way up. Her navy blue skirt was as short as ever, of course, revealing the tops of her black silk stockings with garters attached.

The basement room had a bar at one end, where three or four middle-aged men were talking quietly. They were casually dressed except for one or two who were still in suite and ties, as if they'd just come from their executive offices. The conversation stopped, I noticed, as soon as they caught sight of Tanya.

To one side was a slightly elevated platform, or stage, with a wide low bed bathed in spotlight. Behind this was a dark curtain. What it concealed I couldn't say, though I could hazard a guess. In front of the stage comfortable seats were set up and four or five guys were already relaxing there. On a low table I noticed several expensive looking cameras and some video equipment. 

Raymond introduced Tanya to the room at large and led her by the hand onto the elevated platform. Before he left her she whispered something in his ear and he smiled and nodded. I got the feeling we might have a surprise or two before the evening was over.

She seemed totally relaxed up there on the platform, as if she were in her element, being the center of attention. She smiled prettily and curtseyed, then sat on the bed and began unbuttoning her shirt.

"I hear you gentlemen really like teenage girls," she smiled. "Especially when they're willing to take their clothes off for you."

The shirt was unbuttoned all the way now and she tugged it up and free of her skirt. She slipped off the school blazer and tossed it aside. Then she peeled open both halves of the white shirt, exposing her big beautiful tits. Her school tie dangled down between the stunning twin globes.

She had everyone's attention now. The men at the bar came down to take a seat in front of the stage. Dan appeared, seemingly out of nowhere, and stood at the back with Raymond and me. I didn't take a head count, but there were at least a dozen men in the room. And one beautiful girl.

"I'm so glad you invited me," Tanya went on. I love being admired by older men. The more older men the better."

"What about younger men?" one of the young fellows in a suit quipped.

"Them too. I love all men. I'm not sure why, but I think it has something to do with what they all have between their legs."

All she'd done so far was show us her gorgeous tits, but already several of the men had unzipped their pants and taken out their stiffening cocks. They began stroking them gently, shifting in their seats. I guess her sexy talk was having an effect. Both younger men in suits had removed their jackets and were unbuttoning their shirts.

She was standing up, unzipping her mini-skirt, letting it fall to the floor. She slipped the shirt off also and stood there finally wearing nothing but her school tie, her garter belt, and her black nylon stockings. I was struck again at just how beautiful she was, her slender thighs, her tiny waist and flat belly, her stunning tits, full and ripe and heavy, perfectly shaped, the nipples stubby and erect. And that gorgeous, open, teasing teenage face.

She climbed onto the bed on her hands and knees, her heavy tits swaying beneath her. She arched her back, stuck her ass in the air, and let us all see her pretty buns and her inverted shaved pussy beneath.

There was an audible groan of appreciation from several of the men. In part they were acknowledging the sheer erotic provocation of the lewd pose, but mostly I think they were voicing shock and amazement at the fact that she had a black butt plug protruding from her asshole. If there was ever a clearer invitation for future anal sex, I had yet to experience it.

Several of the men had already unzipped their flies and were quietly stroking their cocks in appreciation, but now others stood up and began unbuttoning shirts and discarding jackets. Soon all the men were in various stages of undress. Beside me Dan and Raymond were stepping out of their pants and I began to do the same.

Two or three of the men had picked up cameras and were snapping shots of the gorgeous teenager. One fellow was using a video camera. Tanya struck various erotic poses on the bed, jiggling her ass cheeks, caressing her big tits, lying back to pry open her pussy lips and show us the shiny pink flesh within.

Most of us had hard-ons by now. And as the last of the clothes were discarded and we all stood there naked I was suddenly aware just how strange was this whole situation. Twelve naked men, varying in age from early twenties to mid-fifties, all with cocks of differing sizes and different stages of erection, all staring in profound hunger at a stunning near-naked teenager.

I'd never been in a room full of naked men before. I'd certainly never seen this many erect and semi-erect cocks in one place. And I couldn't help but wonder what was going through Tanya's head as she looked out on all that solid man-meat.

She still seemed perfectly at ease, her eyes sparkling in anticipation. She crawled to the base of the bed on her hands and knees, beckoned to the nearest naked male with her finger.

"I want to suck all of your cocks," she announced quietly.

The young man stepped forward, his prick looming down from his crotch like some obscene growth, which I guess it was. It was maybe three quarters erect, and as he moved toward her it swayed heavily from side to side.

He paused in front of her, his cock less than six inches from her face. She looked up at him and smiled, then dipped her head and planted a soft kiss on the mushroom tip of his prick. She slipped her mouth down over his cockhead and began to suck, taking in three or four inches of shaft at a time.

It was a pretty big cock, maybe eight inches long and very thick. Her whole face looked bloated as she slurped her mouth up and down on the top half of it. The whole room was suddenly very quiet except for the soft sucking sound of her mouth.

Naked men were lining up behind this first guy. Two fellows moved forward to stand on either side of him. Tanya reached out her hands and curled her fingers around both these pricks. She began to masturbate them gently, all the while continuing her up and down sucking of the first guy.

She soon backed off this first cock though, leaving it hot and steaming and fully erect. As she moved over to begin sucking the guy on her right the first fellow politely stepped back and let another male take his place.

And so began the initial routine of Tanya cocksucking and masturbating three men at a time, until we were all serviced. Dan and Raymond and I were the last three to be sucked and shucked. And I must confess that by the time she took my erect cock into her mouth my balls were already churning. I began to wonder how long I could keep from coming in the face of such an incredibly erotic, dirty scene.

It took a little while, but eventually she had sucked all twelve of us into a state of full erection. And now she paused, a big grin on her face, before rolling onto her back on the bed. She angled her body in such a way that it was obvious what she wanted next.

With her head tilted back over the edge of the bed she could take a cock in her mouth for a face-fuck, while letting her legs fall wide open in invitation for a second man to ease between them. And so began the next sequence. I happened to be closest to her splayed legs at the time, so I quickly bent over her, cock in hand, and slipped my erection into her already wet cunt. I began to fuck her gently, doing my damnedest to hold back my climax as long as I could. The last thing I wanted was to come too soon in this amazing erotic situation.

Someone squatted over her face and let his balls dangle down to her open mouth. Her tongue flicked out and began to tap and scrape over the velvet sac, jiggling the balls back and forth. The fellow began to groan with pleasure. It seemed like I wasn't the only one already close to orgasm.

"Fuck, what a sweet little whore," the guy muttered. He lowered his balls till the sac filled the open maw of her mouth. She tilted her head and began to suck one ball at a time, tugging at them with her mouth, stretching the skin of the scrotum taut.

"Talk to me like that!" she gasped, suddenly pausing in her ball sucking. "Call me dirty names! Talk filth to me!"

The guy hesitated. I suspect he knew that if he said too much he would blast his cum all over her face, and like me he no doubt wanted to save that for later. But he gamely began to grunt and mutter dirty words down at her.

"Dirty cocksucking slut! Filthy sucking whore!" he gasped. She grinned up at him in appreciation then began to lick and suck his balls even harder.

I pulled out of her quickly. I was on the verge of coming. Stepping back I was quickly replaced by Raymond, who bent low between her nylon-clad thighs and slipped his huge hard-on to the balls up her gaping pussy. It didn't even register with her, so busy was she with her ball-sucking.

Soon enough though the guy getting his nut-sac sucked pulled back, tilted down his cock, and plowed it as deep as he could go in her mouth. And pretty deep it was. He soon seemed to be driving his prick damn near to the balls down her throat.

The rest of us stood around quietly jerking off, keeping our cocks hard and ready for our turn at whatever was next. Even the guys snapping photos and video-recording strode about with giant hard-ons jutting from their groins.

"Cocksucking slut! Dirty fucking whore!" muttered the guy ramming his cock down her throat. Until he had to pull back and withdraw his gleaming dick from her mouth. A huge streamer of pre-cum juice dangled from his cockhead as he stepped away. He was probably seconds away from shooting his load.

He was replaced right away by the next guy in line, another young stud with a huge hard-on soaring from his crotch. He dangled his balls onto her mouth, took his share of scrotum massage before he too plunged his prick down her throat.

And so it went. A stud fucking her face, another screwing her pussy. She reached out both hands and two guys obliged by stepping close enough to let her grab their pricks and begin jerking them off. As soon as someone felt themselves losing it they stepped back and let the next guy in. The only sounds were wet fucking and sucking noises and the occasional word of filth from someone.

"Dirty cocksucking slut," seemed to be the most common comment.

By the time all twelve men had a turn having their balls licked and their cocks sucked, and had a turn fucking her pussy, Tanya was ready for a change. She urged one guy to lie down on the bed under her, his hard-on jutting to the ceiling. She straddled him and gripped his cock, stuffed it between her legs. She began riding him, grinding herself on top of his cock as if she couldn't get enough.

But she did pause for a moment as someone reached out for her butt-plug and withdrew it from her asshole. She waited as the guy climbed on the bed behind her, nudged his cock onto her gaping anus and then inside. Then she was all motion again as she drove herself on both men, letting them fuck her ass and pussy at the same time.

A third fellow stepped in to stuff hic cock in her mouth as she was double-penetrated. And for the time being she was very busy, fucking and sucking three giant hard-ons. Her hands were soon filled by two more pricks. Five cocks at the same time. You had to admire the girl's sense of adventure.

But the thing was, none of the men could keep fucking her, or be sucked by her, without coming close to climax within a matter of minutes. The whole situation was just too damned erotic, too dirty, too much of a turn-on. To have a gorgeous, stunning eighteen-year-old girl performing such acts of shattering sex, with twelve men no less, was just too much. She was more than we could handle. She had us all at the brink of orgasm in no time at all.

Which was why we all had to pause, withdraw, change position, just stand at the outside of the rutting, sex-crazed circle with our drooling cocks cooling off for a few minutes at a time. The sweet young teenager had us all in the palm of her hand. Or the maw of her mouth and pussy and asshole.

I took my turn fucking her up the ass, of course. We all did. We all had our cocks in her mouth, up her pussy, up her ass, and on and on it went. I kind of lost track of time. I know I was at the brink of climax several times and I wasn't the only one. But we all held off. Nobody came. I think we were all waiting for some ultimate, obscene climax to the evening. And all of us wanted to be part of it.
