 Author's note: Although I am not allowing public comments, I do appreciate feedback, positive or negative... I just got sick of people who post anonymous comments about how a story violates their moral code. If you like it or have some advice on how to make it better, let me know.

*********

At eighteen years old, Katie and Marissa had just graduated high school a few months earlier. To congratulate them, their parents had paid for them to spend a week in Mazatlan. They would be staying at one of the nicer hotels in the city and were given plenty of spending money to pay for food and souvenirs while they were down there.

Within an hour of arriving at their hotel, the girls were already changed into their bikinis and lying by the side of the pool, tanning in the hot sun. They had both grown up on the west coast of Canada, near Vancouver, where rain was constantly referred to as 'liquid sunshine', since there was far more of it than most of the residents would like. Although the summers in British Columbia were absolutely beautiful, fall was upon them, and the long rainy season was beginning to set in. Neither of the girls were attending college this first semester, so it was the perfect time for a trip to a warmer climate.

Later that night, after half a day in the sun, the girls put on some clothes and went out in search of a place to eat dinner. Settling on a restaurant that clearly catered to tourists such as themselves, they had only a short wait until they were shown to a table. Their meals were satisfying, although far from spectacular, and the girls decided that they would go back to the hotel room and relax for the rest of the evening. They planned on doing a bit of partying while they were down in Mexico, but they were both rather tired from the traveling.

Excitement got the better of them, however, and they found themselves in the hotel bar ordering a few drinks, something they were still several months shy of being able to do back home. As they sat and talked, the buzz of the alcohol settling in, a pair of guys sat down at a table next to the bar. Both girls took notice of the attractive men, their glances lingering perhaps a bit longer than they would have had they been sober. It was only a few minutes later that one of the guys, who introduced himself as Cam, invited the girls to come and sit with them. Both girls had boyfriends back home, but they didn't see any harm in flirting a bit with a couple of strange guys, especially since their boyfriends were never going to find out.

They sat with Cam and his friend, Aaron, having a few more drinks. All four of them were more than a little inebriated when Cam suggested that they go back to his and Aaron's room where they could continue to get to know each other in a quieter setting. Both Katie and Marissa knew that this was probably not a good idea, but they let their curiosity make the decision for them and agreed to go back to their room.

The room, like most of those in the hotel, was very basic. The only furniture, aside from two double beds, was an end table and a dresser. Cam and Aaron both sat down on their respective beds and the girls joined them. Marissa sat on Aaron's bed with a couple of feet between them, while Katie sat down on Cam's bed, shifting herself quite a bit closer.

Very little was said by any of them before Cam leaned in to kiss Katie on the lips. She responded tentatively at first, but quickly got into it, exploring Cam's mouth with her tongue as he did the same to her. Marissa watched for just a moment before looking over at Aaron, who was staring right at her. Aaron made the first move, shifting over towards Marissa and then leaning in to kiss her.

Katie's hands began to explore Cam's chest, pleased by his well-toned physique. Marissa, who was now getting lost in the heat of the moment, pulled Aaron's shirt over his head and tossed it on the floor. He, too, was in great shape, and Marissa could feel herself getting wet at the thought of seeing more. As Aaron and Marissa continued to kiss, Katie pulled away from Cam and took off her shirt, revealing her small, perky breasts on her pale, petite frame.

"Those are beautiful," Cam said, staring at her chest.

"Already showing off your tits, huh Katie?" Marissa asked, smiling. Cam reached out and started to fondle Katie's tits, her nipples growing instantly hard. He then leaned down and started to lick and suck on them as Marissa took off Aaron's shorts, leaving him in a pair of boxer-briefs. She started to run her hands all over his body as she saw Cam reach down and begin to rub the crotch of Katie's shorts. Surprisingly, Aaron pulled off his own underwear, leaving himself naked before anybody else. His cock, which was fully erect, was only about average in length, but was exceptionally thick.

"I want to see your body," he said to Marissa. "I bet your tits are just as spectacular as Katie's." As Marissa reached out and started to stroke Aaron's cock, Cam took off his shirt and tossed it aside. Aaron then pulled Marissa's hand away just long enough to take off her shirt. She hadn't worn a bra either, so her tits were now on full display to the other three. They were small and perky, her frame almost identical to Katie's, but her skin was much darker, a result of her mixed ethnic background. As she began rubbing Aaron's cock again, he started to caress her breasts.

"I want to fuck you so bad," Cam said softly to Katie. "My cock is so hard right now." Aaron was now kissing and sucking on Marissa's tits as he rubbed the crotch of her shorts.

"That feels so good!" she said. "I'm tingling all over!" Katie then took the time to remove Cam's shorts, leaving him sporting an impressive tent in his boxer-briefs. Unable to resist, she reached out and started to rub his cock through his underwear.

"That feels amazing, Marissa!" Aaron said in response to the handjob he was receiving.

"Wait till you fuck me," she replied quietly, surprising herself at her boldness. Aaron smiled as he undid her shorts and pulled them off, revealing the green thong she had been wearing underneath them. Cam peeled off his own underwear, freeing his eight-inch cock and causing both girls to lick their lips unconsciously as they laid eyes on it. Marissa pulled off her thong, leaving her naked, the dark, trimmed hair of her pussy on full display.

"You girls have got me so fucking hard," Cam said. "My cock is throbbing!"

"I can't wait to feel that thing inside me," Katie said. "It's so nice and big!" The only one not naked, she removed her shorts, leaving her in a pair of white panties. She followed this by taking them off as well, revealing her blonde-haired pussy. Now that they were all naked, Marissa took things to the next level by leaning over and taking Aaron's cock into her mouth. All three of them watched for a moment as her lips stretched around the fat head.

"I love your cock," she said to him. Katie then followed her friend's lead by leaning over and sucking on Cam's cock. Both of them were able to suck about four or five inches of cock into the back of their mouths, not a bad showing considering both of them were quite thick.

"I want this cock so bad," Marissa said. "I need to get fucked."

"I think we can help you out there," Cam said. "Two cocks for you to share." It was at that point that the girls first considered the possibility of this becoming a group session. Up until Cam said that, they had both assumed that they would be sticking with their chosen partners. Both girls continued to suck the cocks that were in their mouths for a few minutes, then Marissa pulled back.

"Let's switch," she said to her friend. Katie pulled away from Cam's cock and looked at her for a moment before they both got up and changed beds. Marissa was quick to devour Cam's cock and Katie followed by doing the same to Aaron.

"So who do you think is better?" Katie asked the guys.

"Do you really think we're stupid enough to answer that?" Aaron said with a smile.

"You just want to make sure you don't piss one of us off so you can still fuck us both," Katie replied. The girls kept sucking for a while longer, the collective moaning of the four of them the only sound that drowned out the slurping sounds. Katie then pulled away from Aaron and pushed him onto his side. She got on her side in front of him and reached back between her legs, guiding his cock towards her pussy. He rubbed the head up and down her lips, stopping to tease her clit a little bit. She started squirming in protest for a couple of minutes before Aaron slammed his cock into her and started to fuck her in the spooning position she had put them into.

"That feels so fucking good!" Katie said. "I feel like I could cum already!"

"I love this hot little pussy," Aaron said to her.

"Are you ready to get fucked too?" Cam asked Marissa.

"God yes!" she said. "Let me ride it!" She got on top of Cam and guided his cock to her pussy before slowly and gradually inching herself down on top of it. "Your dick is so big!" she said as she took the whole thing into her pussy.

"Ride that cock baby!" he said to her. "You feel so fucking good!" Aaron was fucking Katie steadily from behind, while Marissa rode Cam's cock hard and fast.

"I love your cock!" Marissa said to Cam. "I feel so fucking dirty!"

"That's it girl," he replied. "Just keep bouncing up and down on that fucking cock!" At about the same time, both girls began rubbing their clits with their fingers.

"I'm so wet for you baby!" Katie said to Aaron. "I love your cock!"

"I love both of these cocks!" Marissa said in response as she started to grind her hips down onto Cam. They continued like this for a couple of minutes before Cam spoke again.

"Are you girls ready to switch now?" he asked.

"Hell yeah!" Marissa said, climbing off of him. The girls switched beds again as the guys waited for them. Katie climbed on top of Cam and took his cock all the way up her pussy while Aaron put Marissa on her back and got between her legs before fucking her.

"I'm so wet baby!" Katie said. "I've never been this slutty before!" While Katie had been with almost ten other guys in the past, she had never done anything remotely kinky like this. Marissa, too, had only had straight-laced sex, and only with four other guys in the past.

"I love these cocks so much!" Marissa said.

"And we love your perfect little pussies!" Cam said.

"Fat dicks are so amazing!" Katie said. "I've always loved a thick cock!" Despite her lack of experience, Katie had been lucky enough to fuck some well-hung guys in the past. Cam started to rub Katie's clit with his thumb, driving her wild.

"Take that cock, girl!" Aaron said to Marissa as she cried out in ecstasy.

"This feels so fucking good!" Cam said.

"Your dick is so thick!" Marissa said as she felt Aaron stretch her out. Like Katie, Marissa had been with a couple of well-hung guys in the past, so while the feeling wasn't new, it was enhanced by the excitement of sharing two guys with her best friend. 

Both girls came as they got fucked by the guys they were with, and it was clear that the guys weren't far behind.

"Cum on my face!" Marissa said as she sensed Aaron's climax approaching. Aaron pulled out of her and knelt beside her head, rubbing his cock.

"Do you want me to swallow your load?" Katie asked Cam. When he nodded his response, she climbed off of him and started to suck his cock with as much vigour as she could manage.

"This is so fucking sexy!" Marissa said. "I want it all over my face!"

"I'm going to cover that pretty little face!" Aaron said. "You're so fucking gorgeous!"

"I want your cum so bad," Katie said to Cam. "Cum in my fucking mouth!"

Aaron started to cum first, shooting his load all over Marissa's face.

"Fuck yes!" he groaned. "You're so fucking hot!" Seconds later Cam came as well, filling Katie's mouth with a big load of cum. She held it in her mouth until he was finished cumming, then she swallowed it all and pulled her head away from his cock.

"I can't believe I just let you cum on my face!" Marissa said with a smile. In the past she had only let her boyfriends cum in her pussy or occasionally on her stomach, although once or twice she did swallow her current boyfriend's cum.

"That felt amazing!" Aaron said as all four of them collapsed with exhaustion. Although the entire session only lasted about an hour or so, the intensity of it wore them all out. Katie got up off the bed and went into the bathroom, returning with a hand towel for Marissa to wipe her face with.

"So how long are you guys staying here?" Marissa asked as she cleaned herself up.

"We leave on Wednesday," Cam said. "How about you two?"

"We fly out the day after you," Katie said. "It sounds to me like we're going to have a fun week!"

"Without a doubt!" Aaron said. Fifteen minutes later they were all drifting off to sleep...