 Author's note: Although I am not allowing public comments, I do appreciate feedback, positive or negative... I just got sick of people who post anonymous comments about how a story violates their moral code. If you like it or have some advice on how to make it better, let me know.

**********

The next morning Marissa was the first one to wake up, finding herself lying right next to Aaron. Both of them were naked, although she couldn't remember at what point they had actually crawled under the covers. She could feel the tightness on her skin, reminding her of the load of cum she had taken on her face the night before. She hadn't washed her face well, so she decided to get up and take care of that before the others woke up. When she returned from the bathroom she found herself getting wet as she replayed the events of the previous evening. She could hardly believe that she and her best friend had taken turns having sex with two guys they had just met. As she looked at the sleeping forms lying in the beds, all she knew was that she wanted more.

She made her way back to the bed and pulled the covers back from Aaron's naked body. His thick cock was flaccid at the moment, but she knew she could do something to solve that problem quite quickly. She climbed onto the bed and gently grabbed his cock, then started to suck on it. It only took a few moments before it was almost fully hard and a minute or so more before Aaron was awake, pushing her long, dark hair out of the way so he could watch what she was doing.

"Good morning," he said to her. "Somebody must have woken up with a wet pussy."

"I got wet the second I started thinking about your cock," she said, taking her mouth off of him for a moment. "I want to feel it again so bad." She kept sucking it for a few more minutes, then he pulled her head back.

"Lie on your stomach," he said to her. She did as he asked and he mounted her from behind. She arched her back to give him better access as he slowly pushed his cock into her pussy. He started to fuck her slowly and steadily, making her moan.

"Your cock feels even thicker like this," she said. As he continued to fuck her, Aaron noticed that Cam had woken up in the other bed. His arousal was obvious from the tent formed by his swollen cock as he watched his friend fuck Marissa. Aaron stopped thrusting, then pulled out and turned Marissa onto her back. He put her legs on his shoulders and continued to fuck her a bit harder than before.

"I think she needs a dick in her mouth," Aaron said to Cam. Cam got up out of his bed and knelt next to Marissa's head on their bed, feeding her his cock. She responded quickly, taking it into her mouth and sucking it with great enthusiasm.

"I'm so fucking wet right now!" she said a minute later. "I've never had two cocks before!"

"This is fucking awesome!" Aaron said. Marissa reached down and started to rub her clit.

"You're so fucking hot!" Cam said to Marissa. "You look so good with my dick in your mouth!"

"I love it in my mouth!" she said, pulling away for a moment.

"I'll tell you what I love is this fucking pussy!" Aaron said.

"Can I have Cam's cock in my pussy now?" she asked a couple of minutes later. Both guys pulled away and Cam got on his back. Marissa straddled him and lowered her pussy onto his cock, moaning softly.

"That feels so fucking good!" Cam said to her. "Ride my dick baby!"

"Yes baby!" she cried. "Take that pussy!" Aaron then stood beside her on the bed and fed her his cock. "I can taste myself on you!" she said to him.

"Suck that dick, you sexy thing!" Cam said as he played with her tits. This continued for a few minutes as they got louder. Katie, surprisingly, was still asleep.

"Do you think you could try putting it in my bum?" Marissa said to Aaron. He didn't waste a moment getting behind her and spitting on his cock, getting it ready to enter her ass. Marissa had never tried anal before, but she figured now was as good a time as any. Aaron slowly pushed into her ass, filling her up completely. They started to fuck both of her holes slowly at first, building up just a bit of speed as they continued.

"This feels amazing!" Aaron said. "You're turning into quite the little slut!"

"Give me that cock, baby!" she said. "It feels so fucking good!"

"You love having two cocks, don't you girl?" he replied. It was then that they realized Katie was awake.

"Oh my god! You're doing them both at the same time!" she exclaimed, sitting up to watch. Her perfect tits were on display, although the lower half of her body was still covered by the sheet.

"She's being a good little slut!" Aaron said.

"Oh Katie!" Marissa cried. "They're filling both of my holes!" Aaron even started to pull on her hair as they fucked her, making her cum more than once.

"You're so fucking hot!" Cam said. "Ride those cocks, baby!" A couple of minutes later, after one particularly long orgasm, she pushed them both out of her. She looked over to find that Katie was playing with herself, watching the scene in front of her unfold. The guys switched positions and Marissa straddled Aaron. She took his cock up her pussy and then Cam started to slowly fuck her ass.

"This ass is fucking tight!" Cam said. "I can barely fit my cock in it!"

"This feels fucking great!" Aaron said. "This girl sure knows how to work a couple of cocks!" He reached down and started rubbing her clit as they fucked her.

"I love this girl's tight little ass!" Cam said. They continued to fuck her, making her scream out loud as she took the pair of cocks. After she came a couple of more times she pushed them both out of her again.

"I want your cum on my fucking face!" she cried. They let her lie on her back and then knelt on either side of her face, stroking their cocks.

"We're going to cover that pretty little face!" Cam said. "You're going to look so good covered in cum again!"

"I want it so bad!" she said. "I'm so fucking horny right now!" A moment later Aaron started to cum onto her face, followed seconds later by Cam.

"Take that fucking cum girl!" Aaron said.

"Fuck yeah!" Cam groaned. "That feels fucking good!" They finished cumming and then fell back onto the bed, looking at Marissa's cum-covered face.

"Look at all that cum!" Aaron said.

"How do I look?" she asked Katie, who just smiled in response. "I'm going to go take a shower. You kids have fun!" She got up and went into the bathroom as the guys looked over at Katie, their cocks already hardening...