 Author's note: Although I am not allowing public comments, I do appreciate feedback, positive or negative... I just got sick of people who post anonymous comments about how a story violates their moral code. If you like it or have some advice on how to make it better, let me know.

**********

"Are you ready for your turn?" Cam said to Katie. He and Aaron had just finished double-teaming Marissa while Katie slept. She had woken up part way through and watched, playing with herself, as the guys fucked all three of Marissa's holes. Marissa had just stepped into the shower, leaving Katie alone with the guys. Cam got off of the bed they were on and approached Katie in the other bed. Katie sat up on the edge of the bed as Aaron came over to join them. She reached out and grabbed hold of both cocks, then leaned forward and started to suck Cam's as she stroked Aaron's.

"You guys have such thick cocks," she said between sucks. "This is making me so wet!"

"Suck that dick girl!" Cam said. "Get it ready to fuck that ass!" She sucked it for another minute or two before switching to Aaron's.

"I've never had a dick in my ass," she said.

"Don't worry," Aaron said. "You're going to love it!"

"If you guys fuck me like you fucked Marissa, I'll be in heaven!" She started alternating back and forth between the two cocks in front of her, sucking each for about twenty seconds or so before switching to the other.

"Such a sexy slut!" Aaron said.

"I hope it doesn't hurt," Katie said, still focused on the upcoming double penetration. "My ass might be too tight."

"Don't worry, your dirty little friend didn't have any trouble," Aaron replied. "Keep sucking." For the next few minutes she worked them both over, making them moan. Cam then pushed her away and onto the bed.

"I think it's about time you spread your legs, don't you?" he asked. She did as she was told, then Cam got on top of her and pushed his cock into her pussy. As he fucked her, Aaron got on the bed and knelt beside her head, feeding her his cock.

"That feels fucking good!" Aaron said. "What a dirty little slut!" Katie reached down and rubbed her clit as she sucked Aaron's cock and got fucked by Cam. "That feels amazing!" Aaron continued. "I can't wait to take that virgin ass!"

"You and your friend are so fucking slutty!" Cam said.

"You can't get enough cock, can you girl?" Aaron asked. "You want one in your ass right now, don't you?"

"I don't think either of you will fit in my ass!" she replied.

"You want to switch?" Cam asked Aaron a couple of minutes later. Katie stayed where she was as the two guys changed positions. As Aaron started to fuck Katie, Marissa came out of the bathroom and sat on the other bed to watch. She was still naked, so she spread her legs and played with her pussy.

"Don't you just love those big cocks?" Marissa said to her friend. "I'm ready to cum just from watching!"

"It feels amazing!" Katie replied as Cam pulled out of her mouth and started rubbing his cock all over her face. "I love cock!" After a few more minutes of this, Cam got on his back and pulled Katie away from Aaron. He brought her over top of him, facing away, and put the head of his cock against her ass. She gasped as he pushed the head of it into her and started to ease her down onto it.

"That cock feels fucking huge!" she cried.

"Wait till you get the second cock inside you," Aaron said. "You're going to love it!"

"It hurts a little," she replied, "but it feels good! I can't believe it's in my ass!"

"That ass is all ours, Katie," Aaron said. "We're going to make you cum so fucking hard!"

"Get in there and fuck her!" Marissa said to Aaron. "DP that slut!" Katie would have given her a dirty look for that comment, but she was lost in the experience of her first anal.

"You heard her!" she said to Aaron. "Fuck me!" Not needing any more encouragement, Aaron got between her legs and pushed his cock into her pussy. It took them a minute to develop a rhythm, but they eventually started to fuck her steadily.

"Your pussy feels even tighter!" Aaron said to her.

"I feel like such a slut!" Katie cried.

"Pound her hard boys!" Marissa said. "Treat her like a dirty slut!"

Katie came hard, screaming out loud in total ecstasy. As soon as she came down from her orgasm she pushed the guys out of her. Aaron got on his back as she got on top of him, facing away once again and taking his cock up her ass. Cam was quick to get between her legs and push himself into her pussy. They found their rhythm immediately as they fucked her holes quite hard.

"That's it boys!" Marissa said. "Pound her fucking pussy and ass! Give her your hard cocks!"

"You girls are so fucking nasty!" Aaron said. "You just can't get enough cock!"

Katie managed to reach down with one hand and rub her clit as the guys filled both of her holes, pounding them steadily.

"I am so fucking wet just watching!" Marissa said.

"My cock is ready to explode!" Aaron groaned. "I could fuck you girls all day long!"

They fucked her for another minute or two before Katie came, screaming just as loud as before.

"Cum in my fucking mouth!" she said as she pushed the guys out of her. They stood up again as she sat on the edge of the bed, grabbing both of their cocks and stroking them hard and fast.

"You little cum addict!" Aaron said. "We're going to fill your pretty little mouth!"

"Just tell me who's going to cum first so I can make sure I catch it," she replied.

"You heard her boys," Marissa said. "She wants your cum!"

Katie kept stroking, and the guys got even closer to their orgasms.

"Fuck yes Katie!" Cam said. "I'm going to cum! Are you ready for it?"

"God yes!" she replied. "I want your cum so fucking bad!" She leaned forward and opened her mouth, holding the head of his cock on the tip of her tongue. Seconds later he came, and they were all able to see his cum shoot into her mouth.

"You're such a dirty slut!" he said as his second load of the day continued to squirt out. "Take that fucking cum!" He finished cumming and she pulled away, holding his cum in her mouth.

"My turn!" Aaron said. Once again Katie leaned forward, this time putting the tip of her tongue on Aaron's cock. They could see Cam's cum still pooled in her mouth as she coaxed Aaron's load out. "There it is, slut!" he said as he started to shoot his cum into her mouth. "Right into your fucking mouth!" He had about the same amount of cum as Cam, filling her mouth pretty much to its maximum capacity. She pulled back, showed the mouthful of cum for a moment, then closed her mouth and swallowed it all.

"That was so hot it made me cum!" Marissa said, her hand still lingering on her pussy. "Something tells me our boyfriends wouldn't approve of any of this!"

"They're not here, so it doesn't matter," Aaron said. "Your bodies are all ours to use for a few more days."

"I feel like we're being dirty whores," she replied, smiling. "Who knew being a slut could be this much fun?"