 Why is it that when you're young, you don't think much about the details? When I graduated high school, I never thought about the cost of college, just getting accepted. I did get a few scholarships but they didn't completely cover the field I wanted to go in. So here I am, doing the only thing I knew at the time I could to pay for it. It started February my freshman year, when I was 19. My roommate had money problems as well and told me this was way more than enough to take care of what schooling would cost, but only if I was good. I never thought I would go as far as I did. 

Everyone said I was a pretty girl. Guys were trying to get in my pants in high school, so figured that confirmed it. I let a few of them but I was by no means a slut back then. College was different, I had a few tree sums and my roommate and I had fun every now and then, but I was still the kind of girl that was safe about it. I always had condoms in my purse if someone I wanted to sleep with came about. I'm about 5' 6" and 130 pounds, long dark wavy hair and a firm set of 36 C's. I was told I looked like a Mandy Moore every now and then. I always ran and worked out so I didn't have much fat on my body at all other then my breasts and always found guys and girls sizing me up. Anna one day saw me trying to figure out how I was going to pay bills, eat, and also afford having my car. 

"Hey Jenn, how's things going?" Anna asked

"Shitty... I just don't know how I'm going to make it... I have 2 loans already and I'm still short. I might have to give up university and just go to community college" I said sadly.

"I know a way you can pay the bills... just depends on if you are willing to do it!" She said with a glint in her eye.

Anna was a gorgeous blonde; she looked just like Hayden Panettiere but with D cups. I knew she had money problems when we had first got here, but she had coved for my part of the rent a couple times already and I didn't know how and I almost didn't want to know, but I was desperate. 

"Ok, Anna, I'm all ears."

"Become a stripper! You have the body and the face for it. You would make a killing! I know you know how to lap dance... And you're good with how you move your body. Even a low level dancer makes more then what you are right now at Starbucks. The turnover is high, so if you don't like it, you can quit."

"What?! Please tell me you're joking!"

"Not at all... I've even done some porn and I'm making more than enough to cover school bills, rent, and other shit. Jenn, I know you would be at least good at dancing and I know you love to fuck, so why not get paid for it?"

She did have a point. I wasn't so much for idea, but I could dance. "Ok, maybe I'll look into it... Where is it?"

-----

She then gave me all the info and the next day I headed down there to see what this was all about. The man at the door was a big black dude. He looked me up and down and then let me in. Another man, good looking guy, took me to the back office, past the main dancing area, and sat me at the desk. I waited for about five minutes and then a nice looking older man, looked like Gorge Clooney, came in. 

"Hello young lady, I hear you're a friend of Anna?" He said in a calm soothing voice. 

"Yeah... she said that this might be a good job for me to look into, so I thought I would stop by."

"Well, you do have a pretty face... can you stand up for me?"

I did as he asked and stood up. He then asked me to remove all my clothing. I didn't want to at first, but knew I would have to for the job anyway so I did. I was getting really nervous and he could tell. 

"Sweet heart, just relax and breathe... I need you to remove everything huh, including your bra and panties." 

I did and as soon as the air hit my nipples, they stood right to attention and I could tell he approved. He also looked down at my smooth shaven cunny and nodded in approval. I was not sure how to feel, but I started to feel adrenalin pump and then he told me to head out to the dressing room. It was off to the side of the office and a few men were there working. Every one of them looked at me and with lustful eyes. As I got to the room, there were a few other women there. 

"Hi! You must be here for an audition?" Said a beautiful Asian woman. 

"Yes... I was told to come here and get dressed." I said shyly. 

"It's ok huh, he just wants you to get used to being naked, every girl does it and you'll get used to it. Let's see what we can find!"

She picked out just a bikini, I put it on, and I walked out to where he was sitting. He had me get up on stage and then I heard some music start. I was so nervous I didn't know what to do at first but then he told me 'just relax and listen to the music and dance'. I finally started to sway and then I got a little more into it and started to feel a little hot and sexy. 

"All right huh, I know you're new at this, but you have to strip, not just dance... have sex with the poll!" 

I took off my top and started to run my hands over my tits. I was getting so hot doing this it was only natural to take off the bottoms. As soon as I did that, I started to basically fuck the poll. I could see the approval in his face and then the music stopped. 

"Ok, sweet heart. I need you to come over here and see how you lap dance. Put your stuff back on first though."

I did as I was told and put both the top and bottoms back on and walked over to the big lounge chair he was on, then music started again. I was in the mood already and started right away. I had done this every now and then when Anna and I had a guy over we were both going to fuck, but every time I did it, I was going to fuck the guy. I felt his hard on, which was huge and I rubbed my pussy against it. I pulled out my tits from the bikini top and stuck one in his mouth. He sucked on it for a little bit and then I pulled moved myself into a 69 position with him and stuck my pussy right in his face and he pulled the bottoms to the side and started to lick my slit. I was in such heat I was damn near ready to fuck right then and there and then I heard the music stop. 

"Well huh, you got a job! You start tonight; we can work with your school schedule and whatever else a little later." Then he got up and walked away

"Ahhh... ok... That's it?" I said perplexed that he didn't want to fuck me. 

He nodded and walked away. I headed back to the dressing room to change. 

"Damn hot stuff, you looked like you wanted to fuck right there!" The Asian woman said.

"Every time I dance like that, I fuck someone. I'm sorry for looking like a slut." I said as I hung my head.

"Darling, he has a way with females. Most every girl here has fucked him. I'm sure you will in time. The reason he didn't right then though was because he wants you hot for tonight and also don't forget you're a stripper now. You're supposed to be slutty."

"Well, will I see you tonight?"

"Absolutely! I hear Anna is the one that told you about this place and she's working too. So you have some friends! Oh, I'm Jasmine by the way!"

"It's good to meet you; I guess I'll see you tonight then!" 

---- 

Friday was such a long day after audition with the anticipation of what was coming. I didn't have class that day so I just got my body ready with working out and then jogging. At about 4pm, I met up with Anna. She asked me how things went and I told her it was interesting. She knew what I meant and told me that fucking the boss was not that bad and that when you did, you got more income opportunities. I asked her what she meant, but she just said that I would have to find out for myself. About 6pm, we both drove to the club and were met by another good looking man.

"Good evening Anna! How's school been?"

"Nothing new, just tests."

"Who's this with you?" He asked. 

"Oh, this is my roommate Jennifer. This is her first night!"

"Well, Jennifer I wish you luck! I think guys will like what you have to offer." The man at the door said with a wink, as he looked me up and down.

I just smiled back and we walked in to the dressing room. I had a locker with my real name, stage name of "Juliet", and a wardrobe for the night. It was black lace, a bikini, and the other was a red teddy. It was so surreal I was still having a hard time knowing I was about to strip and dance over guys for money, but I needed it and besides, I was screwing guys for free at school, so how was this any worse. Anna's locker was next to mine and she helped me do myself up. I looked sweet, but slutty at the same time. I wore the bikini at first just so I could not feel as slutty to start off and Anna said it would help me ease into the mood. 

"Alight guys, tonight is your lucky night! We have a new your lady performing and she's a sweet heart. Welcome new comer Juliet!" The guy on the mike said. 

"Go get 'em girl! Anna said to me. 

I was so nervous, but then I heard the music and started to sway. I knew I only had a few minutes and I started to rub myself. Then the top went and I could tell the guys loved it! Then my bottoms went and I started to rub myself on the poll and the guys went crazy! I was getting really into it and the music stopped. I felt disappointed at first, but then I moved to the next stage and started it all over. As soon as I came off, Jasmine was there and lead me to the dressing room. 

"Nice work girl! You're a natural! Now remember what Anna told you about lap dancing!"

"Thanks and I will!"

"Oh, and no matter how much you wanna fuck the guy, don't. It could be a cop."

"Like I'm gonna screw a complete stranger!"

"You would be amazed! Go get 'em!" She said with a smile.

I walked out and strutted my stuff. I saw a guy eyeing me and I went over to see if he would like a dance. I was told the difference in the dances and he wanted a VIP. I knew I was going to get hot, but knew I had to restrain myself. We got to the dancing and he was a gentlemen about it. I let him lick my tits and run his hands over my pussy, but nothing more. I rubbed him so good I made him cum in his pants in just one song. I forgot you're supposed to prolong it, so they want more, but I got a good tip so it was worth it. 

The rest of the night I just kept going and felt I was doing well. I had one guy pull out his dick and try and stick it in my pussy, but politely told him I'm not that kinda girl and put it back in, but I did jack him off in his pants and I got good tip for it. At the end of the night, the boss had me come to his office and we worked out my hours. When we were all done I expected him to come on to me, but he didn't. Not that I was hoping for it, but I was expecting it. The job was getting regular and I started to enjoy it. The most I did was a let a young guy that had never been with a woman lick my slit and the occasional hand job, but with it in their pants. 

----

After 6 months of dancing, I had made almost enough to pay the whole school year off. Summer was here and I decided to go full time working as a dancer and even did some modeling. Anna was still working and making way more money than me and didn't know how. I was working the poll more than her, but I know she was also doing a little porn and I didn't want to be on film fucking someone. Pictures are one thing, but film was too much for me. I decided to ask her and the answer shocked me!

"Jennifer, if I tell you, you have to keep this on the down low alright?" Anna said.

"Of course!"

"I'm a party whore..."

I was a little confused. She did have a lot of sex, but that was nothing new. "What do you mean?"

"Jennifer, I fuck guys at parties. The strip club is not the only thing they run. They make porn and set up parties."

"You're not joking are you?"

"Not at all... If you want in, I can get you in, but you will not have a choice on who you get to fuck, it's who they give you. I started with the porn a few weeks after the first night stripping. And the party's about a month after you started."

"What do I have to do?"

"I know you still haven't fucked the boss, fuck him and say you want more money."

"I've given him opportunities to, but he never does."

"And he won't ether. You are going to have to just walk up and sit on his cock and fuck him. That's what Jasmine told me to do and it worked. Just know, as soon as you start this, stripping is not going to be your main job anymore."

"Ok, I'll think about it..."

I thought about it all night and at the end of my shift, I walked up to him in the office in my skirt without any panties on, pulled his cock out and sat on it. I started to rock back and forth and then he pulled my top off and started to rub and suck my tits. I never knew how big his cock was but fuck it was big! I could feel it growing inside me, stretching me, and I just got hotter and hotter! I drove it in as deep as I could, hoping to pull out a good orgasm from him! I wanted him to enjoy this as much as possible. After about 15 minutes, I got to my limit and I also felt him tense up and then I felt a massive load of cum blow into my pussy! God I felt so dirty and right then I felt myself get to the limit and my young 19 year old cunt clamped down on him cock like a vise and made him cum again!

"I was wondering how long that would take you to come around Jennifer! That was an amazing fuck!"

"Well, I was told through the grape vine this is how things get done." I said, still leaving his cock in me. 

"I take it you're looking for more work?"

"I am..."

"Well, I'm sure if you know about the extra work, you must know the type of work it is."

"I'm not so much into doing porn, but I'm interested in the party's I have been told about."

"Well, how about tomorrow night? Danica said she had something come up and can't make it. You want it?"

"How much does it pay?"

"$8,000 for the night, but you must fuck all the ones that want it."

"Ok, I'll take it... Who else is working it?"

"Just you and your friend Anna. Happy fucking!" He said with big grin. 

As I got up, his cock flopped out and cum ran out of my love hole. I got down and liked everything clean then zipped him up. I had cum running down my leg as I walked to my car where Anna was still waiting for me. She looked at me and knew I had fucked him. She smiled at me and I said I got to work with her tomorrow. We headed home to the apartment and went to bed. The next morning when we got up, Anna and I did our work out and started to register for our new classes. She was studying to be an architect and I was work on being a biologist. No one knew we were doing the work we were. There were a few other girls from school that danced, but we never talked about it. We were still the normal college girls, but didn't sleep around as much as before, but still had a guy over to our place when we felt like it. The one thing around campus was they knew we were into three sums. We would usually brake in a new freshman. It was fun and they never said anything other than thanks. Well, they did come back when they needed help getting laid and we would give advice and fucking lessons. 

Anna and I got ready for the night. We were told it was a bachelor party for some high end people. Lawyers, doctors, and some other big wigs. So we dressed up like hot secretaries. We both had on three peace suits with skirts. I wore some black lace lingerie, and Anna wore red. Just knowing what we had on under was making us both hot. I felt a little timid now because the most I had ever done was two guys at once. I didn't know what to expect. I did know that they was always a couple guards for us, but they only stepped in if a girl was legitimately saying stop and that didn't happen often. 

"You ready to have your brains fucked out Jenn?!"

"I guess we'll see... We let them do whatever they want don't we?" I asked.

"Yep... Even anal. That's why I talked you into it with that one guy James."

"Yeah, I'm not so sure about this. I'm scared!"

"Don't be, we both have fucked a bunch of guys already, this is just all at once. There is no filming from the clients, just the guards, and they only know our stage names so don't worry about it!"

We got to the door and a bellman let us in. We walked in, knowing we were hot. They had polls set up already and we got to work, both at the same time. The music started and we started to dance. I took off my jacket and then Anna took hers off. We ran our hands all over our bodies and I then started to unbutton my silk green blouse I had. Anna did the same with her blue one. I didn't understand how I was leading Anna, but I was in everything and she did the same thing I did. As soon as I took off my top, I tossed it and then Anna did the same. My skirt was the next to go and it slipped right off my hips nice and smooth, running my hands down my curved body. We were both in just panties and bras at this time and then Anna came over to the poll I was at and started to kiss me. We kissed deeply and the guys went wild! Anna took off my bra and took one of my breasts to her mouth. She sucked it while she slid her other hand to my slit, under my panties. I then took off her bra and ran my hands to her perfect ass and pulled off her panties. As I did I we kissed again, then I went to a breast and started to suck as much of her D sized tit I could! I then got down to her cunny and started to lick. The guys were going insane by now and Anna and I thought it would be good to find the bachelor. There were about 20 guys here, so we knew we needed to get to business. 

"So who's the one getting hitched!?" I asked.

"Dave! This guy right here!!!" someone said. 

I never was one to make someone cheat on someone, but I'm betting this guy was already doing to her anyway so I figured why not. I walked over to him and knelt in front of his legs. I unbuckled his belt, unzipped his slacks, and pulled out his cock. It was hard as hell and a good 9 inches! I took it in my mouth and started to suck. The moans from him told me I was doing a good job! I then heard Anna ask who the best man was. He was sitting right next to Dave, the groom. 

I guess the guys didn't know they were fucking us tonight and that made it all the better! Jim, the best man told everyone to fuck us silly tonight and to enjoy it! As soon as he said that, Anna looked at me the way she always has when she was telling me to sit on a guys cock. I stopped sucking, straddled him and slipped his dick into my cunny. It felt so good going in! Dave then started to suck my tits and he was good at it! The guy was a freak! He didn't care that my mouth and lips had his precum as he kissed me. Anna was now riding Jim, the best man, and I then saw a bunch of the guys start to strip down. 

"Hey Dennis, get over here and plug this sluts ass!" Dave said.

I then felt another hard cock at my ass and ease in. My eyes rolled back in my head! It hurt at first, but then we got a great rhythm going and it was one of the best fucks of my life! I looked over at Anna and she was still riding Jim, but now had a cock in her ass, and one in her mouth! Watching her take three cocks at once was amazing and how well she did it! We never did that at home! I could feel Dave building up and then he blew his load right up my pussy! Not too long after, other guy filled my ass and then made me cum like a freight train! Fuck that was a sensational feeling! As soon as the guy in my ass pulled out and I got off of Dave. I walked up to another guy sitting on an easy chair and sat on his cock, quickly another was pushed in my ass, then another in my face! Anna was still milking the best man and two others. The fucking we were both getting was more then I could have ever imagined. As soon as one guy was done, another would be ready. They came in my pussy, ass, mouth, my hair, and everywhere else you can think of and it was the same with Anna. After about two hours of this, the guys were almost all spent and we were exhausted, but knew we were not done. My ass was feeling sore as hell and the rest of my muscles hurt from standing, straddling, being bent over the chairs. At about 2am, the guards helped us get ready and took us to the back door to the club. Anna started to give one of them head in the car and the other one pulled his cock out for me to suck. I figured I fucked 20 guys in four hours, what was giving heard to another, so I did. They both came fast and we headed inside. Our boss was inside ready for us and looked us over. 
