 With her skirt off and now hanging neatly from a peg on the door, Lisa turned me towards the wall and had me support my weight on the handrail as Kris had done earlier. She took the belt out of my hand with a sly grin and asked Kris to blindfold me with my tie.

"Assume the position," she laughed. 

I managed a mock protest as Kris looped my tie around my head and began tightening it. My last image before everything went dark was Lisa standing there in very sexy navy blue panties unbuttoning her top. When I leaned over, she smacked me with the belt. It stung a little bit, but not too bad. She took two more swats and I jumped a little bit. 

"Oh, was that too much?" asked Lisa, sarcastically. "I hope that didn't hurt."

Kris had evidently been looking at my cock during this time. I was beginning to get hard again. She kissed my cheek, took my girth in her hand, and started stroking me slowly. 

"I think he is going to be just fine," Kris reported to Lisa. "Look at this thing." 

With that, Lisa smacked me a fourth time. After that blow, she rubbed her hands on my ass, feeling the warmth of my now-reddened skin. The two of them slowly turned me around and I felt two different sets of hands touching me as they whispered to each other. Their hands were not the same size or temperature and, as they took turns jerking me off, I began to feel that familiar tightening in my balls. The sensation was really getting to me and I announced that I wasn't going to last too much longer.

"Shhh. No talking," said Lisa. To emphasize the point, she said, "open your mouth." I did as she instructed and Lisa stuffed her panties into my mouth as a gag. It was a funny moment and I heard the two of them chuckle. 

Next, they started taking turns sucking my cock. It was incredible. I couldn't tell who was who. They each took their time with me, slowly taking my whole length in their mouths and licking my pre-cum to share with each other. Listening to them murmur to each other, I was as stiff as I could ever remember being. I tried so hard not to cum that I started clenching my stomach muscles to the point that they were shaking. 

There comes a point where you just can't hold back any longer, now matter how determined you are, and I was at that point. Whoever's turn it was, I wasn't sure, but this game of musical chairs was just about over. I grabbed head and hair and just mouth-fucked whichever one it was relentlessly. I went completely rigid and cum spewed out of my cock. It felt like one continuous rope coming out of me. I wasn't aware of my breathing at all just moments ago, but I now realized I was panting like a dog, completely out of breath. 

My curiosity got the best of me and I yanked the blindfold off. I looked down to see who it was. There was Lisa, on her knees, smiling but also very short of breath. She wiped my cum off her cheeks and lips and chin. Lisa offered a sticky finger to Kris, who sucked it clean and said, "mmm. Nice."

I was so caught up in the moment that I forgot I still had Lisa's panties in my mouth. Lisa and Kris continued tasting my cum and I just stood there dumbstruck, watching them. Lisa's phone rang. It was Flaherty, but she let it go to voice mail. She took a look at her new Rolex and said, "He usually doesn't call this late. I wonder what he wants?" 

Lisa stood up and Kris immediately went to work on her pussy, probing Lisa's wet slit with her fingers. I was mesmerized watching the two of them press their bodies together; breast to breast, nipple to nipple. 

Lisa's phone buzzed again, but this time it was a text message. She was having a moment - right now -- and didn't hear her phone at all. With Kris's mouth on her clit and her own two fingers deep inside herself, Lisa bucked and shimmied and moaned.

"Yes, yes. Oh my God, that feels amazing. Faster," Lisa cried. 

Lisa looked at me, noticing that I was sidelined at the moment. "Are you getting off on this? Are you enjoying it?" she asked me. 

"Absolutely," I confirmed. "Very glad to be here." To ratchet things up further, I tried to turn the tables on her, conjuring some of the same memorable commentary that Lisa herself used on Kris. It was either going to fail miserably or work out great. Go big or go home, I figured. 

"How about you, you dirty little cunt? Did you enjoy sucking my dick? You were down on your knees, in a bar, sucking me off like a little whore. Wiping my cum off your face! Did you like that? Did you like how my cum tasted? Did you like having me shoot my load in your mouth? All over your face? I can see my cum in your hair even now, you little slut. I am not done either. I am going to bend you over and fuck you in the ass. And you are going to take all of it. Every vein, every inch." 

Lisa was melting into a puddle with each passing minute. She mumbled something to me, almost unintelligibly. 

"I can't hear you," I said.

"Yes," she screamed. "Yes, I want you to fuck me in the ass. I want you to do that to me, now."

Just the idea of me violating her anally made Lisa grab Kris's face and grind her pussy against it. Lisa frantically humped Kris's nose and chin, grabbing fistfuls of Kris's hair to control the action. I witnessed her reaching deep within herself for a breathtaking orgasm. Kris softly licked Lisa's clit again and again as Lisa had a shattering climax. After they slowed down, the two friends embraced and smothered each other with kisses. 

Lisa's phone buzzed once again. "What the hell is going on? I guess I should call him back." 

Reluctantly, we all started getting dressed. Once we were ready to make our exit, the girls left the restroom first. To help me sneak out, they remained standing near the door. The signal that it was ok for me to emerge was two knocks. I opened the door and slid into place behind them, glancing around to see if anybody was looking. We walked quickly to the elevator and made our way down to the hotel lobby. 

"I am going to give Flaherty a quick call," said Lisa. "Please excuse me for a minute."

To give her some privacy, Kris and I went outside to catch some fresh air and to hail a taxi. Lisa joined us shortly thereafter and informed us that she had some interesting news.

"Our company has just been acquired by CPVision in London. They got a very good price, too. Flaherty is going to move over there and serve as SVP -- Global Sales. Our CEO is cashing out. He will serve out a six-month advisory tenure to the CPVision Board to help facilitate the integration of the two firms, but after that he's gone." 

Lisa looked at us closely and let the news sink in for a moment. I suddenly realized that with the change of control, my stock options would vest immediately rather than the customary three years. With no lock-up period, I would be free to cash out right away too, although on a much smaller scale than the CEO. 

"Flaherty has offered me his old position," Lisa continued. "I am going to be the new North American VP of Sales. They are going to announce it during the sales meeting tomorrow morning. Kris, I assume that Flaherty is going to want to take you with him to London. He has been trying to reach you, too." 

Kris took her phone out of her purse and noticed that her battery had died at some point.

"I will call him when we get back to the hotel," she said. "London would be amazing. I would move there in a heartbeat."

This was truly great news for each of us, financially. However, Lisa was now going to be my boss. The potential awkwardness of the situation dawned on me and I didn't think it would be fair to put Lisa in the compromising position of sleeping with one of her subordinates. She had paid her dues with this company and I had only been around for a short while. She shouldn't have to jeopardize this opportunity by starting out on the wrong foot. 

Back at the hotel, Kris went to her room to return Flaherty's call. I suggested to Lisa that we go up to the bar for a celebratory drink. 

Sitting at the bar, I said "Listen, I have been thinking about starting my own company for a while now. This particular trip notwithstanding, I have been a little bit bored lately and it feels like the right time to do something different." 

"I see," Lisa responded. 

"Do you have any plans for next weekend?" I asked. "We should sneak away to Miami; celebrate your promotion with a beach trip. I have a friend who owns a great bar down there, right on Lincoln Road. He makes a terrific mojito." 

"That sounds like fun," Lisa replied. "I have a ton of hotel points. We can stay at the W in South Beach. Besides, I have a few ideas that might cure your boredom." 

The End :-)